### [2008-06-13](/news/2008/06/13/index.md)

#  Nouri al-Maliki, the Prime Minister of Iraq, states talks with the United States on a long-term security agreement have reached "a dead end". 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''The International Herald Tribune](http://www.iht.com/articles/ap/2008/06/13/africa/ME-GEN-Iraq-US.php)

### Related:

1. [ Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki suggests that if the United States better armed the Iraqi armed forces, they would be able to dramatically draw back U.S. troops "in three to six months". ](/news/2007/01/18/iraqi-prime-minister-nouri-al-maliki-suggests-that-if-the-united-states-better-armed-the-iraqi-armed-forces-they-would-be-able-to-dramatic.md) _Context: Iraq Prime Minister, Nouri al-Maliki, United States_
2. [ Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki objects to U.S. efforts to get his government to set a timetable for achieving security goals and denounces a raid by U.S. and Iraqi forces on the militias in Sadr City that was done without his knowledge. ](/news/2006/10/25/iraqi-prime-minister-nouri-al-maliki-objects-to-u-s-efforts-to-get-his-government-to-set-a-timetable-for-achieving-security-goals-and-deno.md) _Context: Iraq Prime Minister, Nouri al-Maliki, United States_
3. [Iraqi Civil War: Battle of Mosul: Iraq Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi says U.S.-backed Iraqi forces have launched an operation to regain control of western Mosul from ISIL militants. The United Nations says humanitarian agencies are setting up in these older sections of the city where, already, food and fuel supplies are dwindling, running water is scarce, and electricity in many neighborhoods is unreliable for the estimated 800,000 civilians. ](/news/2017/02/19/iraqi-civil-war-battle-of-mosul-iraq-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-says-u-s-backed-iraqi-forces-have-launched-an-operation-to-regain-con.md) _Context: Iraq Prime Minister, United States_
4. [American-led intervention in Iraq (2014-present): Iraqi Defense Minister Khaled al-Obaidi updates the death toll from Friday's friendly fire airstrike near Fallujah to 10, one officer and nine soldiers. U.S. Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter says it appears an American jet conducted the strike. Carter called Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi to express condolences. ](/news/2015/12/19/american-led-intervention-in-iraq-2014-present-iraqi-defense-minister-khaled-al-obaidi-updates-the-death-toll-from-friday-s-friendly-fi.md) _Context: Iraq Prime Minister, United States_
5. [Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki withdraws both his candidacy and his complaint against President Fuad Masum for allegedly violating the Iraqi constitution. ](/news/2014/08/14/prime-minister-nouri-al-maliki-withdraws-both-his-candidacy-and-his-complaint-against-president-fuad-masum-for-allegedly-violating-the-iraqi.md) _Context: Iraq Prime Minister, Nouri al-Maliki_
6. [Iraqi insurgency (2011-present): Iraq's embattled Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki says that he will file a legal complaint against President Fuad Masum for opposing Maliki's reappointment. ](/news/2014/08/11/iraqi-insurgency-2011-present-iraq-s-embattled-prime-minister-nouri-al-maliki-says-that-he-will-file-a-legal-complaint-against-presiden.md) _Context: Iraq Prime Minister, Nouri al-Maliki_
7. [Iraqi insurgency (post-U.S. withdrawal): Kurdish MPs withdraw from the central government following a dispute with the Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki with Kurdish forces taking over control of two northern oil fields at Bai Hassan and Kirkuk. ](/news/2014/07/11/iraqi-insurgency-post-u-s-withdrawal-kurdish-mps-withdraw-from-the-central-government-following-a-dispute-with-the-prime-minister-nouri.md) _Context: Iraq Prime Minister, Nouri al-Maliki_
8. [2014 Northern Iraq offensive: The Prime Minister of Iraq Nouri al-Maliki confirms that the Syrian Air Force bombed Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant positions in Iraq earlier in the week. ](/news/2014/06/26/2014-northern-iraq-offensive-the-prime-minister-of-iraq-nouri-al-maliki-confirms-that-the-syrian-air-force-bombed-islamic-state-in-iraq-and.md) _Context: Iraq Prime Minister, Nouri al-Maliki_
9. [2014 Northern Iraq offensive: The Prime Minister of Iraq Nouri al-Maliki calls for national unity as a Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant reaches Yathrib 87 kilometres (54 miles) north of Baghdad. ](/news/2014/06/25/2014-northern-iraq-offensive-the-prime-minister-of-iraq-nouri-al-maliki-calls-for-national-unity-as-a-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant.md) _Context: Iraq Prime Minister, Nouri al-Maliki_
10. [2011-2013 Iraqi protests:: Ongoing protests by Sunni Muslims in Iraq against the government of Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki turn deadly, as clashes leave 7 protesters and 2 soldiers dead in Fallujah. More than 60 others are injured, and at least 3 soldiers are kidnapped by unidentified gunmen. ](/news/2013/01/25/2011-2013-iraqi-protests-ongoing-protests-by-sunni-muslims-in-iraq-against-the-government-of-prime-minister-nouri-al-maliki-turn-deadly.md) _Context: Iraq Prime Minister, Nouri al-Maliki_
