### [2008-10-17](/news/2008/10/17/index.md)

#  Fourteen Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam members of the Lok Sabha in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu, including two ministers and five ministers of state, hand in post-dated resignations to party chief M Karunanidhi. 




### Source:

1. [Hindustan Times](http://www.hindustantimes.com/StoryPage/StoryPage.aspx?sectionName=&id=a358f783-c6f4-4bc6-a546-9302dc2f4176&MatchID1=4814&TeamID1=6&TeamID2=1&MatchType1=1&SeriesID1=1212&PrimaryID=4814&Headline=Lankan+envoy+summoned)

### Related:

1. [ Results for the state election held in Tamil Nadu, India, on May 8 were announced and the DMK and its allies have captured the power.And the AIADMK becoming a stronger opposition in the history of Tamil Nadu.. The State of West Bengal also made a History. "The Communist Party of India (Marxsist) emerged victorius for another 5 years, making its stand of almost 35 years at a stretch"](/news/2006/05/11/results-for-the-state-election-held-in-tamil-nadu-india-on-may-8-were-announced-and-the-dmk-and-its-allies-have-captured-the-power-and-th.md) _Context: Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam, India, Tamil Nadu_
2. [The Indian state government of Tamil Nadu lifts its ban on the sport of Jallikattu, following five days of protests by demonstrators against the ban. ](/news/2017/01/22/the-indian-state-government-of-tamil-nadu-lifts-its-ban-on-the-sport-of-jallikattu-following-five-days-of-protests-by-demonstrators-against.md) _Context: India, Tamil Nadu_
3. [2016 North Indian Ocean cyclone season. Tropical Cyclone Vardah is expected to make landfall in southern India today bringing heavy rain to the city of Chennai in Tamil Nadu as well as Andhra Pradesh. At least four people have been killed and tens of thousands of people have been evacuated from low lying areas. ](/news/2016/12/12/2016-north-indian-ocean-cyclone-season-tropical-cyclone-vardah-is-expected-to-make-landfall-in-southern-india-today-bringing-heavy-rain-to.md) _Context: India, Tamil Nadu_
4. [A man is killed and three other employees are injured following a suspected meteorite strike in a garden outside the Bharathidasan Engineering College in Tamil Nadu, India. Witnesses say they saw a mysterious object fall from the sky. If confirmed, this would be the first recorded fatality from a meteorite strike. ](/news/2016/02/7/a-man-is-killed-and-three-other-employees-are-injured-following-a-suspected-meteorite-strike-in-a-garden-outside-the-bharathidasan-engineeri.md) _Context: India, Tamil Nadu_
5. [ 2015 North Indian Ocean cyclone season. Floods in Sri Lanka and the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu cause over 70 deaths with the city of Chennai worst affected. ](/news/2015/11/16/2015-north-indian-ocean-cyclone-season-floods-in-sri-lanka-and-the-southern-indian-state-of-tamil-nadu-cause-over-70-deaths-with-the-city.md) _Context: India, Tamil Nadu_
6. [Indian general election, 2014. The ninth and final phase of election concluded in India, with an all time high voter turnout of 66.64%, which is overall the highest in the history of Lok Sabha. Final results will be declared on May 16.](/news/2014/05/12/indian-general-election-2014-the-ninth-and-final-phase-of-election-concluded-in-india-with-an-all-time-high-voter-turnout-of-66-64-whic.md) _Context: India, Lok Sabha_
7. [The government of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu decides to free three men and a woman found guilty of assassinating former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi in 1991. ](/news/2014/02/19/the-government-of-the-indian-state-of-tamil-nadu-decides-to-free-three-men-and-a-woman-found-guilty-of-assassinating-former-prime-minister-r.md) _Context: India, Tamil Nadu_
8. [Thirty-five members of the US owned MV Seaman Guard Ohio are arrested in the Indian port of Thoothukudi in Tamil Nadu for alleged illegal possession of arms and ammunition. ](/news/2013/10/18/thirty-five-members-of-the-us-owned-mv-seaman-guard-ohio-are-arrested-in-the-indian-port-of-thoothukudi-in-tamil-nadu-for-alleged-illegal-po.md) _Context: India, Tamil Nadu_
9. [Five thousand people are evacuated from low-lying areas off the coast of Tamil Nadu state in India and two sailors die in heavy seas before Cyclone Nilam hits the coast. ](/news/2012/10/31/five-thousand-people-are-evacuated-from-low-lying-areas-off-the-coast-of-tamil-nadu-state-in-india-and-two-sailors-die-in-heavy-seas-before.md) _Context: India, Tamil Nadu_
10. [Mass protest grows against Kudankulam nuclear power project in Tamil Nadu, India. (Wikinews)](/news/2012/09/15/mass-protest-grows-against-kudankulam-nuclear-power-project-in-tamil-nadu-india-wikinews.md) _Context: India, Tamil Nadu_
