### [2008-10-17](/news/2008/10/17/index.md)

#  Morgan Tsvangirai of Zimbabwe's Movement for Democratic Change states that power-sharing talks with President Robert Mugabe have failed to reach an agreement. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/7677379.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Movement for Democratic Change President Morgan Tsvangirai agrees to become Zimbabwe's Prime Minister on February 11 in a deal with President Robert Mugabe. ](/news/2009/01/31/movement-for-democratic-change-president-morgan-tsvangirai-agrees-to-become-zimbabwe-s-prime-minister-on-february-11-in-a-deal-with-preside.md) _Context: Morgan Tsvangirai, Movement for Democratic Change, President, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
2. [ Former South African President Thabo Mbeki will mediate between the Movement for Democratic Change and Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe's government after Mugabe takes control of ministries that command the military and the police, an action that allegedly violates the power-sharing agreement reached last month. ](/news/2008/10/11/former-south-african-president-thabo-mbeki-will-mediate-between-the-movement-for-democratic-change-and-zimbabwean-president-robert-mugabe-s.md) _Context: Movement for Democratic Change, President, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe, power-sharing talks_
3. [ A power-sharing agreement between Zimbabwean president Robert Mugabe and opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai is officially signed, making Tsvangirai Prime Minister of Zimbabwe and chair of cabinet meetings. Mugabe maintains his position as president and remains in control of the country's army. ](/news/2008/09/15/a-power-sharing-agreement-between-zimbabwean-president-robert-mugabe-and-opposition-leader-morgan-tsvangirai-is-officially-signed-making-t.md) _Context: Morgan Tsvangirai, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe, power-sharing talks_
4. [ Morgan Tsvangirai's Movement for Democratic Change defeats Robert Mugabe's ZANU-PF in the Zimbabean "'parliamentary"' elections. ](/news/2008/04/2/morgan-tsvangirai-s-movement-for-democratic-change-defeats-robert-mugabe-s-zanu-pf-in-the-zimbabean-parliamentary-elections.md) _Context: Morgan Tsvangirai, Movement for Democratic Change, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
5. [ Leading opponents of Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe, including Morgan Tsvangirai, leader of the Movement for Democratic Change, and four other members of parliament and party activists, are arrested for defying a ban on protest rallies in Harare. Riot police shoot one activist dead. ](/news/2007/03/11/leading-opponents-of-zimbabwe-s-president-robert-mugabe-including-morgan-tsvangirai-leader-of-the-movement-for-democratic-change-and-fou.md) _Context: Morgan Tsvangirai, Movement for Democratic Change, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
6. [ In Zimbabwe, state prosecutors dropped treason charges against opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai. Mr Tsvangirai, leader of the Movement for Democratic Change, was accused of organising mass protests in 2003 to overthrow Robert Mugabe's controversial regime. ](/news/2005/08/2/in-zimbabwe-state-prosecutors-dropped-treason-charges-against-opposition-leader-morgan-tsvangirai-mr-tsvangirai-leader-of-the-movement-f.md) _Context: Morgan Tsvangirai, Movement for Democratic Change, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
7. [2016 Zimbabwe protests. National "Stay Away" protests, organized over the Internet via the WhatsApp social messaging platform, take place in Zimbabwe, following fears of an economic collapse amid calls for President Robert Mugabe's resignation.](/news/2016/07/6/2016-zimbabwe-protests-national-stay-away-protests-organized-over-the-internet-via-the-whatsapp-social-messaging-platform-take-place-in.md) _Context: President, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
8. [Thousands of opposition supporters rally in Harare, Zimbabwe, against President Robert Mugabe and the deteriorating economy. The rally was banned by the police, however, it went ahead after a ruling by the High Court sanctioned the protest. ](/news/2016/04/14/thousands-of-opposition-supporters-rally-in-harare-zimbabwe-against-president-robert-mugabe-and-the-deteriorating-economy-the-rally-was-b.md) _Context: President, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
9. [Zimbabwe's Movement for Democratic Change files papers with the Constitutional Court in Harare arguing that the recent elections be annulled because of widespread allegations of illegalities and intimidation of voters by Robert Mugabe's ZANU-PF party. ](/news/2013/08/9/zimbabwe-s-movement-for-democratic-change-files-papers-with-the-constitutional-court-in-harare-arguing-that-the-recent-elections-be-annulled.md) _Context: Movement for Democratic Change, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
10. [Zimbabwe's top court rules that the general election should be held on July 31 despite an appeal by President Robert Mugabe and his main rival Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai. ](/news/2013/07/5/zimbabwe-s-top-court-rules-that-the-general-election-should-be-held-on-july-31-despite-an-appeal-by-president-robert-mugabe-and-his-main-riv.md) _Context: Morgan Tsvangirai, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
