### [2008-10-17](/news/2008/10/17/index.md)

#  The United States State Department claims that North Korea has stepped up disablement of its nuclear reactor and allowed surveillance of its nuclear facility to resume. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2008/WORLD/asiapcf/10/17/nkorea.nuclear/index.html?section=cnn_latest)

### Related:

1. [ An International Atomic Energy Agency team heads to North Korea to see if Pyongyang's nuclear reactor has been shut down. ](/news/2007/06/26/an-international-atomic-energy-agency-team-heads-to-north-korea-to-see-if-pyongyang-s-nuclear-reactor-has-been-shut-down.md) _Context: North Korea, nuclear reactor_
2. [ Bill Richardson, a U.S. special envoy, predicts that North Korea will not meet a deadline of today set by the Six-Party Talks to shut down its nuclear reactor but will meet their obligations a few days after. ](/news/2007/04/14/bill-richardson-a-u-s-special-envoy-predicts-that-north-korea-will-not-meet-a-deadline-of-today-set-by-the-six-party-talks-to-shut-down.md) _Context: North Korea, nuclear reactor_
3. [ North Korea: According to ABC News, a "senior State Department official" says that "It is the view of the intelligence community that a (nuclear) test is a real possibility," and says that they have seen  "suspicious vehicle movement" at a suspected nuclear test site. However, according to Reuters, a United States official said that "We have no new evidence to support that." Also according to the Associated Press, the White House said that any nuclear weapons test would be an "extremely provocative" act that would be denounced around the globe." ](/news/2006/08/17/north-korea-according-to-abc-news-a-senior-state-department-official-says-that-it-is-the-view-of-the-intelligence-community-that-a-nu.md) _Context: North Korea, State Department_
4. [South Korea claims that North Korea has fired an "unidentified projectile" that flew 500 km before landing in the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2017/05/21/south-korea-claims-that-north-korea-has-fired-an-unidentified-projectile-that-flew-500-km-before-landing-in-the-sea-of-japan.md) _Context: North Korea_
5. [  North Korea vows to accelerate its nuclear weapons programme to "maximum pace" and test a nuclear device "at any time" in response to U.S. President Donald Trump's aggressive stance towards the regime. ](/news/2017/05/2/north-korea-vows-to-accelerate-its-nuclear-weapons-programme-to-amaximum-pacea-and-test-a-nuclear-device-aat-any-timea-in-response.md) _Context: North Korea_
6. [The cybersecurity firms Kaspersky Lab and Symantec report that technical evidence connects the WannaCry ransomware attack to the North Korean-backed Lazarus Group. North Korea is also believed to be responsible for previous cyberattacks on the SWIFT banking system and against Sony Pictures. ](/news/2017/05/16/the-cybersecurity-firms-kaspersky-lab-and-symantec-report-that-technical-evidence-connects-the-wannacry-ransomware-attack-to-the-north-korea.md) _Context: North Korea_
7. [U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435|mi|km reaching an altitude of more than 1245|mi|km before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60|mi|km south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launched-a-test-missile-from-the-west-coast-city-of-kusong-the-projectile-travelle.md) _Context: North Korea_
8. [The United States Pacific Command deploys warships, including the USS ''Carl Vinson'', to move towards the Korean Peninsula following North Korea's recent tests with weapons of mass destruction and opposition to the Sharyat missile strike. North Korea is also reclassified as a state sponsor of terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/9/the-united-states-pacific-command-deploys-warships-including-the-uss-carl-vinson-to-move-towards-the-korean-peninsula-following-north.md) _Context: North Korea_
9. [North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-eastern-waters-in-the-direction-of-japan-accordi.md) _Context: North Korea_
10. [The U.S. Pacific Command and South Korean defense officials report that a North Korean missile was fired in the early morning, but quickly failed and did not travel beyond North Korea, echoing a similar failed attempt by North Korea thirteen days ago. ](/news/2017/04/29/the-u-s-pacific-command-and-south-korean-defense-officials-report-that-a-north-korean-missile-was-fired-in-the-early-morning-but-quickly-f.md) _Context: North Korea_
