### [2000-11-1](/news/2000/11/1/index.md)

#  Serbia is admitted to the United Nations as the 190th member




### Related:

1. [Serbia's war crimes court rejects an appeal from former Bosnian Serb Colonel General Ratko Mladic against a transfer to a United Nations tribunal in The Hague to face genocide charges. ](/news/2011/05/31/serbia-s-war-crimes-court-rejects-an-appeal-from-former-bosnian-serb-colonel-general-ratko-mladia-against-a-transfer-to-a-united-nations-tr.md) _Context: Serbia, United Nations_
2. [ Serbia formally proposes partitioning Kosovo along ethnic lines, asking the United Nations to ensure that Belgrade can control key institutions and functions in areas of the newly independent country where Serbs form a majority. ](/news/2008/03/24/serbia-formally-proposes-partitioning-kosovo-along-ethnic-lines-asking-the-united-nations-to-ensure-that-belgrade-can-control-key-institut.md) _Context: Serbia, United Nations_
3. [ United Nations police are forced to retreat from Serb areas of Mitrovica after clashes with Serb protesters. At least 22 UN policemen and two Kosovo Force soldiers are injured. ](/news/2008/03/17/united-nations-police-are-forced-to-retreat-from-serb-areas-of-mitrovica-after-clashes-with-serb-protesters-at-least-22-un-policemen-and-t.md) _Context: Serbia, United Nations_
4. [ Martti Ahtisaari unveils a United Nations plan for the final status of Kosovo. Serbian leaders denounced the proposal. ](/news/2007/02/2/martti-ahtisaari-unveils-a-united-nations-plan-for-the-final-status-of-kosovo-serbian-leaders-denounced-the-proposal.md) _Context: Serbia, United Nations_
5. [ Two people die in protests in Pristina, Kosovo over a United Nations plan for the future of the Serbian province. ](/news/2007/02/11/two-people-die-in-protests-in-pria-tina-kosovo-over-a-united-nations-plan-for-the-future-of-the-serbian-province.md) _Context: Serbia, United Nations_
6. [ Serbian ex-police general Sreten Lukic surrenders to the UN war crimes tribunal in The Hague. He is charged for connection with killings of Kosovo Albanians in 1999 when he was a head of paramilitary group MUP. ](/news/2005/04/4/serbian-ex-police-general-sreten-lukia-surrenders-to-the-un-war-crimes-tribunal-in-the-hague-he-is-charged-for-connection-with-killings-o.md) _Context: Serbia, United Nations_
7. [ Momcilo Perisic, former Yugoslavian army general, hands himself in to the United Nations war crimes tribunal in The Hague. He is charged with complicity of Serbian separatist war crimes in Bosnia and Croatia during the Yugoslav Wars. ](/news/2005/03/7/momailo-peria-ia-former-yugoslavian-army-general-hands-himself-in-to-the-united-nations-war-crimes-tribunal-in-the-hague-he-is-charged.md) _Context: Serbia, United Nations_
8. [ Serbian Justice Minister Zoran Stojkovic rejects the U.N. ICTY war crimes tribunal's demands that Serbia arrest four generals accused of committing atrocities in Kosovo. ](/news/2005/01/5/serbian-justice-minister-zoran-stojkovia-rejects-the-u-n-icty-war-crimes-tribunal-s-demands-that-serbia-arrest-four-generals-accused-of-c.md) _Context: Serbia, United Nations_
9. [The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-122-in-favour-1-abstention-and-1-against-the.md) _Context: United Nations_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
