### [2017-06-29](/news/2017/06/29/index.md)

# After six days of debate, the House of Commons of the United Kingdom votes to approve, with 323 votes for and 309 against, the policies set out in the Queen's Speech. In order to avoid a 'regret' amendment, Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond says that England's National Health Service is to provide free abortions to women from Northern Ireland with funds from the Government Equalities Office. 

Ministers announced women from Northern Ireland CAN now have free NHS abortions in England - a massive victory for a Labour MP


### Source:

1. [The Daily Mirror](http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/politics/queens-speech-passes-tory-abortion-10708542)

### Related:

1. [Formation of the The new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Theresa May begins forming her ministry following the end of the Second Cameron ministry. The former Mayor of London Boris Johnson is appointed Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, Philip Hammond is appointed as Chancellor of the Exchequer, Amber Rudd is appointed Home Secretary filling Theresa May's former position, Liam Fox is appointed as Secretary of State for International Trade and David Davis is appointed as minister for the newly created Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union. ](/news/2016/07/13/formation-of-the-the-new-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-theresa-may-begins-forming-her-ministry-following-the-end-of-the-second-camero.md) _Context: Chancellor of the Exchequer, Philip Hammond_
2. [Prime Minister David Cameron tells the House of Commons that legal experts advise that the UK-wide Brexit result binds the entire nation, even though  Northern Ireland and Scotland voted to stay in the EU. Yesterday, both Scottish and Northern Irish representatives told the European Parliament's plenary session they will leave the UK if that is the required price to keep their homelands fully connected to Europe. ](/news/2016/06/29/prime-minister-david-cameron-tells-the-house-of-commons-that-legal-experts-advise-that-the-uk-wide-brexit-result-binds-the-entire-nation-ev.md) _Context: House of Commons of the United Kingdom, Northern Ireland_
3. [The UK House of Commons passes an "English votes for English laws" bill by 312 to 270 votes giving English MPs a greater say over legislation that only applies to England. The bill has been fiercely opposed by the opposition Labour Party and the Scottish National Party. ](/news/2015/10/22/the-uk-house-of-commons-passes-an-english-votes-for-english-laws-bill-by-312-to-270-votes-giving-english-mps-a-greater-say-over-legislatio.md) _Context: England, House of Commons of the United Kingdom_
4. [Severe gales batter large parts of England, Northern Ireland and Wales with some bridges being closed. ](/news/2010/11/11/severe-gales-batter-large-parts-of-england-northern-ireland-and-wales-with-some-bridges-being-closed.md) _Context: England, Northern Ireland_
5. [United Kingdom Chancellor Alistair Darling presents his 2010 United Kingdom Budget to the House of Commons.](/news/2010/03/24/united-kingdom-chancellor-alistair-darling-presents-his-2010-united-kingdom-budget-to-the-house-of-commons.md) _Context: Chancellor of the Exchequer, House of Commons of the United Kingdom_
6. [ A superbug, ''Clostridium difficile'', is said to have killed at least 49 people at hospitals in Leicester, England, according to a National Health Service investigation. Another 29 similar cases are being investigated by coroners. ](/news/2006/10/1/a-superbug-clostridium-difficile-is-said-to-have-killed-at-least-49-people-at-hospitals-in-leicester-england-according-to-a-nationa.md) _Context: England, National Health Service_
7. [ Musician Elton John and Canadian filmmaker David Furnish are joined in a civil partnership ceremony at Windsor Town Hall. The couple are among hundreds of same-sex couples entering civil partnerships in England and Wales on the first day that such ceremonies become possible. Ceremonies were held earlier this week in Northern Ireland and Scotland. ](/news/2005/12/21/musician-elton-john-and-canadian-filmmaker-david-furnish-are-joined-in-a-civil-partnership-ceremony-at-windsor-town-hall-the-couple-are-am.md) _Context: England, Northern Ireland_
8. [The draw for the qualifying stages of the 2006 Football World Cup is made. England, Wales and Northern Ireland are drawn together in group 6 of the Europe (UEFA) section, making the group three-quarters of a home nations championship - Scotland missed out by being drawn (amongst others) against Italy and Norway.](/news/2003/12/5/the-draw-for-the-qualifying-stages-of-the-2006-football-world-cup-is-made-england-wales-and-northern-ireland-are-drawn-together-in-group-6.md) _Context: England, Northern Ireland_
9. [Chilean lawmakers have approved a bill that would legalize abortion in limited circumstances and end the socially conservative country's status as the last in South America with a blanket ban on the procedure. ](/news/2017/08/3/chilean-lawmakers-have-approved-a-bill-that-would-legalize-abortion-in-limited-circumstances-and-end-the-socially-conservative-country-s-sta.md) _Context: abortion_
10. [The charity concert organized by Ariana Grande in the wake of the 2017 Manchester Arena bombing is held in Manchester, England. ](/news/2017/06/4/the-charity-concert-organized-by-ariana-grande-in-the-wake-of-the-2017-manchester-arena-bombing-is-held-in-manchester-england.md) _Context: England_
