### [2017-06-29](/news/2017/06/29/index.md)

# Aftermath of the assassination of Boris Nemtsov: A jury trial convicts five individuals accused of working together to assassinate Boris Nemtsov. These individuals had been promised a bounty of 15 million Russian rubles. Critics say the original financiers and organizers of the crime have not been identified. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-russia-nemtsov-idUSKBN19K1UI)

### Related:

1. [A large rally, with estimated counts ranging from 7,500 to 100,000, honors former deputy prime minister and opposition leader Boris Nemtsov on the first anniversary of his assassination near the Kremlin. ](/news/2016/02/27/a-large-rally-with-estimated-counts-ranging-from-7-500-to-100-000-honors-former-deputy-prime-minister-and-opposition-leader-boris-nemtsov.md) _Context: Boris Nemtsov, assassination of Boris Nemtsov_
2. [Assassination of Boris Nemtsov: A court in Moscow charges two men of Chechen origin, Zaur Dadayev and Ansor Gubashev, who were among five arrested March 7, with the murder of Russian opposition leader Boris Nemtsov. The others also arrested, Gubashev's younger brother Shahid Gubashev and two others named only as Bakhayev and Eskerkhanov, are still only suspects. ](/news/2015/03/8/assassination-of-boris-nemtsov-a-court-in-moscow-charges-two-men-of-chechen-origin-zaur-dadayev-and-ansor-gubashev-who-were-among-five-ar.md) _Context: Boris Nemtsov, assassination of Boris Nemtsov_
3. [Assassination of Boris Nemtsov: Russian authorities arrest five men, Anzor Gubashev and Zaur Dadayev, suspects from the rebellious North Caucasus region, according to Russian state media reports, relying on a statement from the Russian Federal Security Service Director Alexander Bortnikov. However, Nemtsov's daughter, Zhanna Nemtsova, speaking from Germany, says she has no idea who they are. Many still suspect Russian governmental involvement in his death. ](/news/2015/03/7/assassination-of-boris-nemtsov-russian-authorities-arrest-five-men-anzor-gubashev-and-zaur-dadayev-suspects-from-the-rebellious-north-cau.md) _Context: Boris Nemtsov, assassination of Boris Nemtsov_
4. [Assassination of Boris Nemtsov: The Kremlin's Rights Council states that they believe that Zaur Dadayev, a former Chechen police officer, who confessed to being part of the murder of Boris Nemtsov did so after being tortured. ](/news/2015/03/11/assassination-of-boris-nemtsov-the-kremlin-s-rights-council-states-that-they-believe-that-zaur-dadayev-a-former-chechen-police-officer-wh.md) _Context: Boris Nemtsov, assassination of Boris Nemtsov_
5. [Assassination of Boris Nemtsov: In Moscow, an unidentified attacker assassinates leading Russian opposition politician Boris Nemtsov, the former Deputy Chairman of the Government of the Russian Federation and current member of regional parliament of Yaroslavl Oblast. ](/news/2015/02/27/assassination-of-boris-nemtsov-in-moscow-an-unidentified-attacker-assassinates-leading-russian-opposition-politician-boris-nemtsov-the-fo.md) _Context: Boris Nemtsov, assassination of Boris Nemtsov_
6. [Tens of thousands of people march through Moscow, Russia, to commemorate the two-year anniversary of opposition leader Boris Nemtsov's assassination. ](/news/2017/02/26/tens-of-thousands-of-people-march-through-moscow-russia-to-commemorate-the-two-year-anniversary-of-opposition-leader-boris-nemtsov-s-assas.md) _Context: assassination of Boris Nemtsov_
7. [A court in southern Russia finds Ukrainian pilot Nadiya Savchenko guilty of being complicit in the killing of two Russian journalists, killing civilians and illegal border crossing and is sentenced to 22 years in prison and a fine of 30,000 rubles. Savchenko denies all the charges and the Ukrainian government said that they would continue to press for her release. ](/news/2016/03/22/a-court-in-southern-russia-finds-ukrainian-pilot-nadiya-savchenko-guilty-of-being-complicit-in-the-killing-of-two-russian-journalists-killi.md) _Context: Russian ruble_
8. [Russian financial crisis (2014-present): The Central Bank lowers interest rate to 11%, while the ruble falls 1.5% on the day to close at 60.60 against the dollar. ](/news/2015/07/31/russian-financial-crisis-2014-present-the-central-bank-lowers-interest-rate-to-11-while-the-ruble-falls-1-5-on-the-day-to-close-at-6.md) _Context: Russian ruble_
9. [Assassination of Boris Nemtsov: Russian authorities refuse entry into Russia at Moscow's Sheremetyevo International Airport to a Latvian lawmaker and vice-chair of the biggest bloc in the EU, Sandra Kalniete. Having received no reasonable explanation for the ban, she flies back to Brussels. ](/news/2015/03/3/assassination-of-boris-nemtsov-russian-authorities-refuse-entry-into-russia-at-moscow-s-sheremetyevo-international-airport-to-a-latvian-law.md) _Context: assassination of Boris Nemtsov_
10. [2014 Russian financial crisis: The Bank of Russia announces an increase of its key interest rate, the Russian weekly repo rate, from 10.5 to 17 percent as an emergency move to halt the collapse of the ruble's value and, thereby, stabilize the Russian economy. ](/news/2014/12/16/2014-russian-financial-crisis-the-bank-of-russia-announces-an-increase-of-its-key-interest-rate-the-russian-weekly-repo-rate-from-10-5-to.md) _Context: Russian ruble_
