### [2017-06-29](/news/2017/06/29/index.md)

# Battle of Mosul. Iraq Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi declares the end of the Islamic State's self-declared caliphate following the capture of the Great Mosque of al-Nuri in Mosul. 

With the capture of a destroyed mosque in the heart of the ISIS’ Iraqi capital of Mosul, the nation&#x27;s government declared victory over ISIS militants in Iraq.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/isis-terror/iraqi-prime-minister-declares-end-isis-caliphate-iraq-n778341)
2. [Xinhua News Agency](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/2017-06/30/c_136405376.htm)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi Civil War. Battle of Mosul. ISIL militants reportedly blow up the Great Mosque of al-Nuri in Mosul, where Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi famously proclaimed the creation of a caliphate in 2014. ISIL blames a U.S. airstrike. ](/news/2017/06/21/iraqi-civil-war-battle-of-mosul-isil-militants-reportedly-blow-up-the-great-mosque-of-al-nuri-in-mosul-where-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-famousl.md) _Context: Battle of Mosul, Great Mosque of al-Nuri, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
2. [Iraqi Civil War. Battle of Mosul. Iraq Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi says U.S.-backed Iraqi forces have launched an operation to regain control of western Mosul from ISIL militants. The United Nations says humanitarian agencies are setting up in these older sections of the city where, already, food and fuel supplies are dwindling, running water is scarce, and electricity in many neighborhoods is unreliable for the estimated 800,000 civilians. ](/news/2017/02/19/iraqi-civil-war-battle-of-mosul-iraq-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-says-u-s-backed-iraqi-forces-have-launched-an-operation-to-regain-con.md) _Context: Battle of Mosul, Haider al-Abadi, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
3. [Battle of Mosul (2016-17). Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi declares the battle for Mosul over, after the majority of ISIL militants were defeated. ](/news/2017/07/10/battle-of-mosul-2016-17-iraqi-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-declares-the-battle-for-mosul-over-after-the-majority-of-isil-militants-w.md) _Context: Haider al-Abadi, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
4. [Battle of Mosul. The United Nations announces expansion of civilian camps for people fleeing Mosul, following resumption of airstrikes on ISIL-held portions of the Iraqi city. ](/news/2017/04/4/battle-of-mosul-the-united-nations-announces-expansion-of-civilian-camps-for-people-fleeing-mosul-following-resumption-of-airstrikes-on-is.md) _Context: Battle of Mosul, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
5. [Battle of Mosul. Thousands of Iraqis flee western Mosul as the battle between Iraqi and allied forces and ISIL militants escalates in the densely populated Old City. ](/news/2017/03/18/battle-of-mosul-thousands-of-iraqis-flee-western-mosul-as-the-battle-between-iraqi-and-allied-forces-and-isil-militants-escalates-in-the-de.md) _Context: Battle of Mosul, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
6. [Iraqi Civil War. Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi announces the start of the Battle of Mosul, backed by the U.S.-led coalition, to retake ISIL-held Mosul, the self-declared caliphate's capital in Iraq. ](/news/2016/10/17/iraqi-civil-war-iraqi-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-announces-the-start-of-the-battle-of-mosul-backed-by-the-u-s-led-coalition-to-retak.md) _Context: Haider al-Abadi, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
7. [Battle of Mosul. Three female ISIL suicide bombers kill 15 people and injure five in three separate incidents over the last two days as the fight for Mosul winds down. ](/news/2017/07/3/battle-of-mosul-three-female-isil-suicide-bombers-kill-15-people-and-injure-five-in-three-separate-incidents-over-the-last-two-days-as-the.md) _Context: Battle of Mosul, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [Battle of Mosul. The United States military reports that their investigation found 105 civilians were killed and 36 people are still missing from the bombing of a Mosul building on March 17. ](/news/2017/05/25/battle-of-mosul-the-united-states-military-reports-that-their-investigation-found-105-civilians-were-killed-and-36-people-are-still-missing.md) _Context: Battle of Mosul, Mosul_
9. [Battle of Mosul. The Iraqi army's chief of staff, Lt Gen Othman al-Ghanmi, states that his security forces are only days away from completing the operation to recapture Mosul from ISIL. ](/news/2017/05/11/battle-of-mosul-the-iraqi-army-s-chief-of-staff-lt-gen-othman-al-ghanmi-states-that-his-security-forces-are-only-days-away-from-completin.md) _Context: Battle of Mosul, Mosul_
10. [Battle of Mosul. Two Iraqi Army pilots are killed when their Mi-24 helicopter is shot down by ISIS over the city of Mosul. ](/news/2017/04/6/battle-of-mosul-two-iraqi-army-pilots-are-killed-when-their-mi-24-helicopter-is-shot-down-by-isis-over-the-city-of-mosul.md) _Context: Battle of Mosul, Mosul_
