### [2017-06-29](/news/2017/06/29/index.md)

# The United States plans to sell Taiwan $1.42 billion in arms, the first of such sale under the administration of Donald Trump. 

The United States plans to sell Taiwan $1.42 billion in arms, the first such sale under the administration of Donald Trump and a move sure to anger China, whose help the president has been seeking to rein in North Korea.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-taiwan-arms-idUSKBN19K2XO)

### Related:

1. [The United States denounces a flag-raising ceremony at Taiwan's de facto embassy in Washington DC, saying the ceremony violated US-Taiwan ties. ](/news/2015/01/7/the-united-states-denounces-a-flag-raising-ceremony-at-taiwan-s-de-facto-embassy-in-washington-dc-saying-the-ceremony-violated-us-taiwan-ti.md) _Context: Taiwan, Taiwan-United States relations, United States_
2. [U.S. President Donald Trump issues executive orders to withdraw the United States from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, and reinstates the Mexico City Policy, a policy banning  U.S. aid to foreign organizations that use funds from other sources to perform or discuss abortions, which Barack Obama scrapped in 2009. ](/news/2017/01/23/u-s-president-donald-trump-issues-executive-orders-to-withdraw-the-united-states-from-the-trans-pacific-partnership-and-reinstates-the-mex.md) _Context: United States, administration of Donald Trump_
3. [The Palestinian National Authority threatens to revoke its recognition of Israel (guaranteed by their signing of the Oslo I Accord in 1993) if the United States, under the presidency of Donald Trump, moves its Embassy in Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/01/10/the-palestinian-national-authority-threatens-to-revoke-its-recognition-of-israel-guaranteed-by-their-signing-of-the-oslo-i-accord-in-1993.md) _Context: United States, administration of Donald Trump_
4. [The People's Republic of China lodges a complaint with the United States after President-elect of the United States Donald Trump speaks with President of Taiwan Tsai Ing-wen. The PRC and the United States view Taiwan as a breakaway province. ](/news/2016/12/3/the-people-s-republic-of-china-lodges-a-complaint-with-the-united-states-after-president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-speaks-with.md) _Context: Taiwan, United States_
5. [United States President-elect Donald Trump holds a telephone conversation with Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen, the first known contact between a U.S. president or president-elect with a Taiwanese leader since the United States recognized the People's Republic of China in 1979. ](/news/2016/12/2/united-states-president-elect-donald-trump-holds-a-telephone-conversation-with-taiwanese-president-tsai-ing-wen-the-first-known-contact-bet.md) _Context: Taiwan-United States relations, United States_
6. [The President of Taiwan Ma Ying-jeou visits Taiping Island, Taiwan's largest island in the South China Sea, despite the United States warning it could provoke diplomatic tensions with the People's Republic of China and other nations in the area. ](/news/2016/01/28/the-president-of-taiwan-ma-ying-jeou-visits-taiping-island-taiwan-s-largest-island-in-the-south-china-sea-despite-the-united-states-warnin.md) _Context: Taiwan, United States_
7. [The United States announces a deal to sell $1.83 billion worth of arms to Taiwan, which includes two decommissioned U.S. Navy frigates, Assault Amphibious Vehicles, and surface-to-air missiles. China has also expressed its disapproval over the deal, claiming it would affect their internal affairs. ](/news/2015/12/16/the-united-states-announces-a-deal-to-sell-1-83-billion-worth-of-arms-to-taiwan-which-includes-two-decommissioned-u-s-navy-frigates-assa.md) _Context: Taiwan, Taiwan-United States relations_
8. [Taiwanese smartphone manufacturer HTC loses a patent infringement case in the United States, with the United States International Trade Commission ruling that Apple Inc.'s iPhone technology does not violate HTC's patents. ](/news/2011/10/18/taiwanese-smartphone-manufacturer-htc-loses-a-patent-infringement-case-in-the-united-states-with-the-united-states-international-trade-comm.md) _Context: Taiwan, United States_
9. [China warns the United States over its proposed sale of newer versions of the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon to Taiwan. ](/news/2011/09/22/china-warns-the-united-states-over-its-proposed-sale-of-newer-versions-of-the-general-dynamics-f-16-fighting-falcon-to-taiwan.md) _Context: Taiwan, United States_
10. [Yang Jiechi, the Foreign Minister of the People's Republic of China, warns the United States that relations between China and the US will deteriorate if it sells weapons to Taiwan. ](/news/2011/03/7/yang-jiechi-the-foreign-minister-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-warns-the-united-states-that-relations-between-china-and-the-us-will-de.md) _Context: Taiwan, United States_
