### [2004-03-6](/news/2004/03/6/index.md)

#  Canadian federal election: Former deputy prime minister Sheila Copps loses the Liberal constituency nomination to current Transport Minister Tony Valeri by 311 votes. She will likely appeal; there is some speculation that if the loss remains, she will either run as an independent or for the New Democratic Party. 




### Source:

1. [Toronto Star](http://www.thestar.com/NASApp/cs/ContentServer?pagename=thestar/Layout/Article_Type1&c=Article&cid=1078614610252&call_pageid=968332188492&col=968793972154)

### Related:

1. [ Canadian federal election, 2004: Results give the Liberal Party a minority government; in a likely alliance with the NDP, they will together hold exactly half the Commons seats. Despite the heated nature of the campaign, turnout was the lowest in recent memory. ](/news/2004/06/28/canadian-federal-election-2004-results-give-the-liberal-party-a-minority-government-in-a-likely-alliance-with-the-ndp-they-will-togethe.md) _Context: 2004 federal election, NDP_
2. [ Canadian federal election: Monia Mazigh, the wife of former Syrian deportee Maher Arar, announces her run for candidacy with the NDP in the riding of Ottawa South. ](/news/2004/03/10/canadian-federal-election-monia-mazigh-the-wife-of-former-syrian-deportee-maher-arar-announces-her-run-for-candidacy-with-the-ndp-in-the.md) _Context: 2004 federal election, NDP_
3. [ Canada's auditor-general, Sheila Fraser, releases a scathing report on a CA$250-million sponsorship fund that had a major portion of its funds directed to firms friendly to the ruling Liberal party; the resulting scandal and inquiry is quite likely to affect the coming election. Alfonso Gagliano, a former cabinet minister involved in the scandal, is removed from his post as ambassador to Denmark and recalled to Canada.](/news/2004/02/10/canada-s-auditor-general-sheila-fraser-releases-a-scathing-report-on-a-ca-250-million-sponsorship-fund-that-had-a-major-portion-of-its-fu.md) _Context: 2004 federal election, Liberal Party's_
4. [ Canadian Liberal Leadership Race: Balloting begins in delegate-selection meetings across Canada which will determine the outcome of the Liberal leadership convention this November. Paul Martin is expected to easily secure enough votes to beat opponent Sheila Copps. This all-but guarantees Martin will replace his longtime rival Jean Chretien as the next Prime Minister of Canada.](/news/2003/09/19/canadian-liberal-leadership-race-balloting-begins-in-delegate-selection-meetings-across-canada-which-will-determine-the-outcome-of-the-lib.md) _Context: Liberal Party's, Sheila Copps_
5. [In Canada's Newfoundland and Labrador Province, Liberal Party's Yvonne Jones won a by-election to the province's Labrador electoral riding, formerly held by Conservative Party's Peter Penashue. The by-election was widely viewed as a crucial test for new Liberal Party leader Justin Trudeau. ](/news/2013/05/13/in-canada-s-newfoundland-and-labrador-province-liberal-party-s-yvonne-jones-won-a-by-election-to-the-province-s-labrador-electoral-riding.md) _Context: Liberal Party's_
6. [Justin Trudeau, son of former Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau, is chosen as the new leader of the Liberal Party of Canada. ](/news/2013/04/14/justin-trudeau-son-of-former-canadian-prime-minister-pierre-trudeau-is-chosen-as-the-new-leader-of-the-liberal-party-of-canada.md) _Context: Liberal Party's_
7. [Liberal Party of Canada leader Bob Rae states that recent evidence of voter suppressing "robo-calls" played a factor in his party's defeat in the 2011 Canadian federal election. ](/news/2012/02/25/liberal-party-of-canada-leader-bob-rae-states-that-recent-evidence-of-voter-suppressing-robo-calls-played-a-factor-in-his-party-s-defeat-i.md) _Context: Liberal Party's_
8. [The Liberal Party of Canada announces it will introduce a motion to the Canadian House of Commons that calls on MPs to support a committee report finding the Conservative government in contempt of Parliament. The finding was in response to the government allegedly not supplying sufficient information on costs of crime bills, purchasing F-35 fighter jets for the Canadian Forces, and corporate tax cuts. ](/news/2011/03/23/the-liberal-party-of-canada-announces-it-will-introduce-a-motion-to-the-canadian-house-of-commons-that-calls-on-mps-to-support-a-committee-r.md) _Context: Liberal Party's_
9. [The Canadian federal by-elections fills two vacant House seats in ridings for Manitoba and one in Ontario, resulting in one Conservative gain, one Conservative hold and one Liberal gain. ](/news/2010/11/29/the-canadian-federal-by-elections-fills-two-vacant-house-seats-in-ridings-for-manitoba-and-one-in-ontario-resulting-in-one-conservative-gai.md) _Context: Liberal Party's_
10. [ Canadian Member of Parliament Bob Rae announces his withdrawal from the leadership campaign of the Liberal Party, leaving the position (and that of the Leader of the Opposition and the leadership of the proposed opposition coalition) open to fellow MP Michael Ignatieff. ](/news/2008/12/9/canadian-member-of-parliament-bob-rae-announces-his-withdrawal-from-the-leadership-campaign-of-the-liberal-party-leaving-the-position-and.md) _Context: Liberal Party's_
