### [2004-03-6](/news/2004/03/6/index.md)

#  Palestinians are killed and wounded in attack on the main crossing point between the Gaza Strip and Israel. Hamas, Islamic Jihad, and the al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigades claim responsibility. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3538607.stm)

### Related:

1. [Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence. ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapsed-a-nearby-house-killing-a-30-y.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel, Palestinians_
2. [Israeli air strikes kill at least 20 Palestinians in the Gaza Strip including Islamic Jihad members, while over 130 rockets are fired towards Israel injuring several, amid ceasefire talks in Egypt. ](/news/2012/11/19/israeli-air-strikes-kill-at-least-20-palestinians-in-the-gaza-strip-including-islamic-jihad-members-while-over-130-rockets-are-fired-toward.md) _Context: Gaza, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel, Palestinians_
3. [ Israeli forces pull back from the Northern Gaza Strip after a two day raid that was prompted by the firing of Qassam rockets and mortar shells into Israel. The raid left 11 Palestinians, including civilians and members of Hamas and the Army of Islam, dead and 20 wounded. ](/news/2007/09/27/israeli-forces-pull-back-from-the-northern-gaza-strip-after-a-two-day-raid-that-was-prompted-by-the-firing-of-qassam-rockets-and-mortar-she.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel, Palestinians_
4. [ Israeli troops and airstrike kill four militants in an incursion into the Gaza Strip including three members of Islamic Jihad and one Hamas member. ](/news/2007/07/26/israeli-troops-and-airstrike-kill-four-militants-in-an-incursion-into-the-gaza-strip-including-three-members-of-islamic-jihad-and-one-hamas.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel_
5. [ Six Palestinians from the armed wing of the militant group Hamas have been killed in an Israeli incursion into the Gaza Strip, Palestinian officials say. ](/news/2006/10/14/six-palestinians-from-the-armed-wing-of-the-militant-group-hamas-have-been-killed-in-an-israeli-incursion-into-the-gaza-strip-palestinian.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel, Palestinians_
6. [ Interim Israeli Prime minister Ehud Olmert postpones until Sunday official discourse which would ban Palestinian movements between Gaza and the West Bank, bar Palestinians from working in Israel and stop transfer of $50 million tax receipts to the Palestinian Authority. All these measures, criticized by Israeli Labor Party leader Amir Peretz, follows the victory of Hamas over Fatah during the January 2006 legislative elections. ](/news/2006/02/17/interim-israeli-prime-minister-ehud-olmert-postpones-until-sunday-official-discourse-which-would-ban-palestinian-movements-between-gaza-and.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel, Palestinians_
7. [ Palestinian militants explode a truck laden with explosives in the Karni crossing in the eastern Gaza Strip. At least 6 Israelis were killed, as well as three of the attackers, and about 10-20 were wounded in the attack. The al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, the Popular Resistance Committees and Hamas claimed joint responsibility. ](/news/2005/01/13/palestinian-militants-explode-a-truck-laden-with-explosives-in-the-karni-crossing-in-the-eastern-gaza-strip-at-least-6-israelis-were-kille.md) _Context: Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, Gaza, Hamas, Israel_
8. [ Four (or possibly five) Palestinians, including a nine-year-old boy, a Hamas militant, and two young Palestinian men, are killed as Israeli tanks force their way into the Jabaliya refugee camp in northern Gaza while receiving gunfire from scores of gunmen opposed to the invasion. ](/news/2004/09/9/four-or-possibly-five-palestinians-including-a-nine-year-old-boy-a-hamas-militant-and-two-young-palestinian-men-are-killed-as-israeli.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel, Palestinians_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Six Israeli soldiers are killed in the Gaza Strip during an incursion when their armored personnel carrier triggered an explosive device. Hamas and Islamic Jihad claim to hold a portion of the remains of the soldiers: "We possess the remains of your bodies that were thrown into the streets of Gaza. We have our demands to hand them over to the Zionist occupier" ](/news/2004/05/11/israeli-palestinian-conflict-six-israeli-soldiers-are-killed-in-the-gaza-strip-during-an-incursion-when-their-armored-personnel-carrier-tr.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel kills senior Hamas official, Ismail Abu Shanab, by a missile strike in the Gaza Strip and sent tanks into the West Bank towns of Nablus, Jenin and Tulkarem in response to a deadly suicide bombing of a bus in Jerusalem. In Hebron, troops destroy the terrorist bomber's home. Hamas and Islamic Jihad end their participation in the cease fire (in response to Israel's action from the two groups' bombing), declaring themselves as enemies to the peace plan, and vow further terrorist acts. The militants demand that Palestinian prime minister, Mahmoud Abbas, leave their area of control.](/news/2003/08/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-kills-senior-hamas-official-ismail-abu-shanab-by-a-missile-strike-in-the-gaza-strip-and-sent-tanks-i.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel_
