### [2017-07-18](/news/2017/07/18/index.md)

# A Republican Senate bill to repeal and replace large portions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act fails to win enough support to pass. 

The seven-year Republican quest to repeal the Affordable Care Act seemed to reach a dead end Tuesday, but President Trump vowed to “let Obamacare fail.”


### Source:

1. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/07/18/us/politics/republicans-obamacare-repeal-now-replace-later.html)

### Related:

1. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: Efforts to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act_
2. [The U.S. Senate votes to open debate on repealing and possibly replacing Obamacare. ](/news/2017/07/25/the-u-s-senate-votes-to-open-debate-on-repealing-and-possibly-replacing-obamacare.md) _Context: Efforts to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act_
3. [The replacement plan for the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (aka Obamacare) is withdrawn after Republican leaders fail to gain enough support. The failure of the Trump administration to repeal the act means it will remain law in the United States.](/news/2017/03/24/the-replacement-plan-for-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-aka-obamacare-is-withdrawn-after-republican-leaders-fail-to-gain-e.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act_
4. [The United States House of Representatives approaches a vote on a replacement plan for the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (aka Obamacare). ](/news/2017/03/23/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-approaches-a-vote-on-a-replacement-plan-for-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-aka-o.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act_
5. [A leaked memo from House Republicans reveals cutting provisions from Obamacare such as Medicaid expansions and subsidies for health insurance. ](/news/2017/02/25/a-leaked-memo-from-house-republicans-reveals-cutting-provisions-from-obamacare-such-as-medicaid-expansions-and-subsidies-for-health-insuranc.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act_
6. [The United States House of Representatives votes in favor of legislation that approves preliminary budgetary measures for the United States Congress to begin repealing the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, colloquially known as Obamacare. ](/news/2017/01/13/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-legislation-that-approves-preliminary-budgetary-measures-for-the-united-states.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act_
7. [The Supreme Court of the United States, which currently has just eight justices, today heard the case brought by the Roman Catholic Diocese of Pittsburgh (''Zubik v. Burwell'', which includes similar ones by other religious organizations) that challenges the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act  provision that employer-paid health insurance plans provide women with access to contraceptives at no additional out-of-pocket cost, and challenges the  federal government accommodation offered in 2014 that would have a third-party provide the coverage with costs paid by the federal government. The plaintiffs state that both are  unconstitutional because they violate  the free exercise of religion. The decision is expected in June. If the result is a split decision (4-4), there would be no national precedent and each case's final decision would be the one made in court before the case was forwarded to the Supreme Court. In the group of cases presented today,  all but one appeals court upheld the government mandate. ](/news/2016/03/23/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-which-currently-has-just-eight-justices-today-heard-the-case-brought-by-the-roman-catholic-diocese.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act_
8. [''King v. Burwell''The Supreme Court of the United States upholds key elements of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) including subsidies for healthcare policies and employer mandates, with a 6-3 vote. ](/news/2015/06/25/king-v-burwell-pthe-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-upholds-key-elements-of-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-obamacare.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act_
9. [The U.S. Supreme Court agrees to hear federal subsidies cases concerning the law. ](/news/2014/11/7/the-u-s-supreme-court-agrees-to-hear-federal-subsidies-cases-concerning-the-law.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act_
10. [The United States House of Representatives files a lawsuit against President Barack Obama for executive actions undertaken in relation to the implementation of the Affordable Care Act. ](/news/2014/11/21/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-files-a-lawsuit-against-president-barack-obama-for-executive-actions-undertaken-in-relation-to-th.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act_
