### [2017-07-18](/news/2017/07/18/index.md)

# Ukrainian crisis: DPR leader Alexander Zakharchenko announced that the self-declared Donetsk People's Republic (DPR) and Luhansk People's Republic (LPR) would form a new state called Malorossiya (Little Russia) as an official successor to what he called the "failed state" of Ukraine, with Donetsk replacing Kiev as the country's capital. Ukrainian president Petro Poroshenko and LPR leader Igor Plotnitsky denounced the plans. 

Separatists in eastern Ukraine on Tuesday proclaimed a new state that aspires to include not only the areas they control but also the rest of the country. But Russia, their chief backer, sought to play down the announcement, saying it was merely part of public discussion. The surprise...


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/ukrainian-separatists-proclaim-state-48695669)
2. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/07/18/separatists-ukraine-declare-creation-new-state-malorossiya/)

### Related:

1. [2014 pro-Russian protests in Ukraine:: Pro-Russian activists occupying a government building in the eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk have proclaimed the creation of a sovereign Donetsk People's Republic independent of the capital Kiev. ](/news/2014/04/7/2014-pro-russian-protests-in-ukraine-pro-russian-activists-occupying-a-government-building-in-the-eastern-ukrainian-city-of-donetsk-have-p.md) _Context: Donetsk, Donetsk People's Republic, Kiev, Ukraine_
2. [Ukrainian crisis: Ukrainian intelligence officer and head of a special forces unit, Maksym Shapoval, is assassinated in Kiev by car bomb. ](/news/2017/06/27/ukrainian-crisis-ukrainian-intelligence-officer-and-head-of-a-special-forces-unit-maksym-shapoval-is-assassinated-in-kiev-by-car-bomb.md) _Context: Kiev, Ukraine, Ukrainian crisis_
3. [War in Donbass: Luhansk People's Republic officials in Donetsk tell U.N. agencies and several other international NGOs to leave the Luhansk region in eastern Ukraine. Despite the Minsk Protocol and Minsk II peace agreements low intensity fighting and shelling have continued non-stop in the region for over a year. ](/news/2015/09/24/war-in-donbass-luhansk-people-s-republic-officials-in-donetsk-tell-u-n-agencies-and-several-other-international-ngos-to-leave-the-luhansk.md) _Context: Donetsk, Luhansk People's Republic, Ukraine_
4. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:: Voters in break away "people's republics" (Donetsk People's Republic and Lugansk People's Republic respectively) in Donetsk and Luhansk go to the polls for parliamentary and presidential elections. Rebel leaders Alexander Zakharchenko (Donetsk) and Igor Plotnisky (Luhansk) appear set for victory in early counting in elections which will be recognised in Russia but not elsewhere. International observers noted a very high turnout. ](/news/2014/11/2/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-voters-in-break-away-people-s-republics-donetsk-people-s-republic-and-lugansk-people-s-republic-resp.md) _Context: Alexander Zakharchenko, Donetsk, Donetsk People's Republic_
5. [A former Ukrainian soldier assassinates former Russian Duma deputy Denis Voronenkov in the Ukrainian capital Kiev. In December 2016, he received Ukrainian citizenship. Ilya Ponomarev says Voronenkov was heading to a meeting with him. ](/news/2017/03/23/a-former-ukrainian-soldier-assassinates-former-russian-duma-deputy-denis-voronenkov-in-the-ukrainian-capital-kiev-in-december-2016-he-rece.md) _Context: Kiev, Ukraine_
6. [War in Donbass: At the Munich Security Conference, a truce between Russian-backed separatists and the Ukrainian army, per the Minsk Protocol, takes effect Monday. Pending a permanent political agreement, Russian President Vladimir Putin orders that civil registration documents issued in separatist-held areas of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine be temporarily recognized. Ukrainian authorities say this violates provisions in the Minsk agreement. This is the third such agreement because the previous two in 2014 and 2015 were violated. Low-level fighting and artillery fire never fully stopped. ](/news/2017/02/18/war-in-donbass-at-the-munich-security-conference-a-truce-between-russian-backed-separatists-and-the-ukrainian-army-per-the-minsk-protocol.md) _Context: Donetsk, Ukraine_
7. [Eurovision Song Contest 2017: Twenty-one organizers for the Eurovision Song Contest in Kiev, Ukraine, resign en masse after claiming they were completely blocked from making decisions about the show. Despite the setback, the European Broadcasting Union insists that the event must go on. ](/news/2017/02/15/eurovision-song-contest-2017-twenty-one-organizers-for-the-eurovision-song-contest-in-kiev-ukraine-resign-en-masse-after-claiming-they-we.md) _Context: Kiev, Ukraine_
8. [Ukrainian crisis: Russian military intervention in Ukraine (2014-present): Ukraine starts a missile test near Crimea, annexed by Russia in 2014, while Russia puts its air-defense and naval forces in the region on high alert. ](/news/2016/12/1/ukrainian-crisis-russian-military-intervention-in-ukraine-2014-present-ukraine-starts-a-missile-test-near-crimea-annexed-by-russia-in.md) _Context: Ukraine, Ukrainian crisis_
9. [War in Donbass: A bomb placed in an elevator shaft kills Pro-Russian, high-ranking officer of the Donetsk People's Republic's special forces, Arseny Pavlov, also known as "Motorola", in Donetsk. ](/news/2016/10/16/war-in-donbass-a-bomb-placed-in-an-elevator-shaft-kills-pro-russian-high-ranking-officer-of-the-donetsk-people-s-republic-s-special-forces.md) _Context: Donetsk, Donetsk People's Republic_
10. [Ukrainian crisis: Russia's Federal Security Service (FSB) says it has thwarted two armed Ukrainian incursions into Crimea with at least two killed, including one FSB officer, following a "massive fire fight" with "sabotage-terrorist" groups. Ukraine denies the Russian claims. ](/news/2016/08/10/ukrainian-crisis-russia-s-federal-security-service-fsb-says-it-has-thwarted-two-armed-ukrainian-incursions-into-crimea-with-at-least-two.md) _Context: Ukraine, Ukrainian crisis_
