### [2014-08-3](/news/2014/08/3/index.md)

# 2014 Northern Iraq offensive: The Islamic State seizes the Yazidi-dominated town of Sinjar. 

The UN has warned that up to 200,000 people have been forced to flee after Islamic State militants take over more towns in northern Iraq.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-28631770)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/08/03/us-iraq-security-idUSKBN0G20FU20140803)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): November 2015 Sinjar offensive: Kurdish Peshmerga forces backed by U.S. airstrikes seize control of Sinjar in northern Iraq. Sinjar has been under Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant occupation since August 2014. ](/news/2015/11/13/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-november-2015-sinjar-offensive-kurdish-peshmerga-forces-backed-by-u-s-airstrikes-seize-control-of-sinjar.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Sinjar_
2. [American-led intervention: Kurdish forces, backed by U.S. airstrikes, capture several villages in an offensive to retake the Iraqi town of Sinjar from Islamic State militants, who overran it more than a year ago. The operation aims to cordon off the town, take control of Islamic State supply routes, and establish a buffer zone to protect the town from artillery, according to the Kurdish national security council. ](/news/2015/11/12/american-led-intervention-kurdish-forces-backed-by-u-s-airstrikes-capture-several-villages-in-an-offensive-to-retake-the-iraqi-town-of-s.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Sinjar_
3. [2014 Northern Iraq offensive:: The Islamic State captures a range of cities inhabited primarily by Assyrian/Chaldean Christians in Northern Iraq, notably Bakhdida, Bartella, Qaraqosh, Tel Keppe, Karamlish and Tel Isqof; thousands flee, while many Yazidis are caught in the newly-captured city of Sinjar. ](/news/2014/08/7/2014-northern-iraq-offensive-the-islamic-state-captures-a-range-of-cities-inhabited-primarily-by-assyrian-chaldean-christians-in-northern.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Sinjar_
4. [2014 Northern Iraq offensive: The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant is renamed The Islamic State, with a caliphate being proclaimed and Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi being named caliph. ](/news/2014/06/29/2014-northern-iraq-offensive-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-is-renamed-the-islamic-state-with-a-caliphate-being-proclaimed-and-a.md) _Context: 2014 Northern Iraq offensive, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [2014 Northern Iraq offensive: American human rights group Human Rights Watch claims that Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant executed at least 160 captives earlier this month in Tikrit. ](/news/2014/06/27/2014-northern-iraq-offensive-american-human-rights-group-human-rights-watch-claims-that-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-executed-at-le.md) _Context: 2014 Northern Iraq offensive, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [2014 Northern Iraq offensive: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant captures the towns of al-Qa'im, Anah and Rawa in Western Iraq. ](/news/2014/06/21/2014-northern-iraq-offensive-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-captures-the-towns-of-al-qa-im-anah-and-rawa-in-western-iraq.md) _Context: 2014 Northern Iraq offensive, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [Iraqi Civil War: Battle of Tal Afar (2017): Iraqi security forces, along with Shi'ite volunteers and Kurdish Peshmerga fighters, launch a ground offensive to take the city of Tal Afar back from Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. The city has been isolated from the rest of the ISIL-held territory since the recent Mosul liberation. ](/news/2017/08/20/iraqi-civil-war-battle-of-tal-afar-2017-iraqi-security-forces-along-with-shi-ite-volunteers-and-kurdish-peshmerga-fighters-launch-a-gr.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon: The Lebanese Armed Forces launches operation "Fajr al-Joroud", and on the first day recaptures 30 km of territory near the Lebanon-Syria border formerly occupied by ISIS militants. Twenty ISIS militants were killed and 10 Lebanese soldiers were wounded. ](/news/2017/08/19/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-the-lebanese-armed-forces-launches-operation-fajr-al-joroud-and-on-the-first-day-recaptures-30-km.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [2017 Barcelona attack: A van drives into crowds of people in La Rambla, Barcelona, in what Spanish police are calling a terrorist attack, killing at least 12 people. Two suspects are taken into custody, and ISIL claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/08/17/2017-barcelona-attack-a-van-drives-into-crowds-of-people-in-la-rambla-barcelona-in-what-spanish-police-are-calling-a-terrorist-attack-ki.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [Syrian Civil War: ISIL forces raid an Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps base in vast desert spaces of eastern Homs Governorate, Syria, manned by between 12 to 18 fighters, all but one of which are killed. ](/news/2017/08/11/syrian-civil-war-isil-forces-raid-an-iranian-islamic-revolutionary-guard-corps-base-in-vast-desert-spaces-of-eastern-homs-governorate-syri.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
