### [2014-08-3](/news/2014/08/3/index.md)

# A UNRWA-run school in Rafah is hit by an Israeli air strike. At least seven people are thought to have been killed, and at least 30 injured. 

There have been renewed clashes between Israeli military and militants in Gaza overnight as witnesses and medics say an Israeli air strike killed at least seven people and wounded about 30 others on Sunday in a UN-run school in the southern Gaza Strip.


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/live/2014/aug/03/gaza-conflict-un-school-israeli-airstrike-live)
2. [UN News Centre](http://www.un.org/apps/news/story.asp?NewsID=48396#.U-s1VBObuyY)
2. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/static/sys-images/Guardian/Pix/pictures/2014/8/3/1407055049258/9429f434-25d4-4766-ba20-e430fd9cf1d0-2060x1236.jpeg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxNi8wNS8yNS9vdmVybGF5LWxvZ28tMTIwMC05MF9vcHQucG5n&amp;s=63d1d49c6b72c5d12e82a5e062d63718)

### Related:

1. [Israel Defense Forces declare that the Israeli soldier previously believed to have been captured by Hamas fighters in Rafah had in fact been killed in battle that day and his body taken. ](/news/2014/08/2/israel-defense-forces-declare-that-the-israeli-soldier-previously-believed-to-have-been-captured-by-hamas-fighters-in-rafah-had-in-fact-been.md) _Context: 2014 Israel-Gaza conflict, Rafah_
2. [ The Israeli army announces its intention to demolish hundreds of additional houses in the Rafah refugee camp in the Gaza Strip along the border with Egypt after the Supreme Court rejects a petition against the demolitions. In the past, the IDF has found dozens of tunnels hidden underneath homes allegedly used to smuggle guns, ammunition, explosives, fugitives, drugs and other illegal materials into Gaza. The court had previously issued a temporary injunction after 88 homes had been destroyed leaving more than 1000 people homeless (UNRWA figures disputed by the Israeli army). ](/news/2004/05/16/the-israeli-army-announces-its-intention-to-demolish-hundreds-of-additional-houses-in-the-rafah-refugee-camp-in-the-gaza-strip-along-the-bo.md) _Context: Rafah, UNRWA_
3. [Four Egyptian security personnel are killed and another four are injured by a roadside bomb near the border town Rafah in the Sinai Peninsula. Islamist militants are suspected to have remotely detonated the device as an armored vehicle drove by the town's center, near the border with the Gaza Strip and Israel, security sources told Ahram Online. ](/news/2015/12/8/four-egyptian-security-personnel-are-killed-and-another-four-are-injured-by-a-roadside-bomb-near-the-border-town-rafah-in-the-sinai-peninsul.md) _Context: Rafah_
4. [Israel destroys the homes of three Palestinian terrorists. Rassen and Udai abu-Jamal who committed the 2014 Jerusalem synagogue attack and Moatez Hijazi who committed the excavator rampage in Jerusalem during the 2014 Israel-Gaza conflict. ](/news/2015/10/6/israel-destroys-the-homes-of-three-palestinian-terrorists-rassen-and-udai-abu-jamal-who-committed-the-2014-jerusalem-synagogue-attack-and-m.md) _Context: 2014 Israel-Gaza conflict_
5. [The Islamic State of Iraq and Greater Syria (ISIS) has claimed that it sank an Egyptian patrol boat in the Mediterranean, just off the coast of Rafah. The Egyptian military claimed the ship sank from a fire not caused by attacks. ](/news/2015/07/16/the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-greater-syria-isis-has-claimed-that-it-sank-an-egyptian-patrol-boat-in-the-mediterranean-just-off-the-coast.md) _Context: Rafah_
6. [A United Nations report finds evidence that both Hamas and Israel committed war crimes during the 2014 conflict. ](/news/2015/06/22/a-united-nations-report-finds-evidence-that-both-hamas-and-israel-committed-war-crimes-during-the-2014-conflict.md) _Context: 2014 Israel-Gaza conflict_
7. [A roadside bomb hits an armoured vehicle near the border town of Rafah in the northern Sinai Peninsula killing three people. ](/news/2015/04/20/a-roadside-bomb-hits-an-armoured-vehicle-near-the-border-town-of-rafah-in-the-northern-sinai-peninsula-killing-three-people.md) _Context: Rafah_
8. [The Egyptian government closes the Rafah border crossing with Gaza and will set up a buffer zone after a series of attacks which were reported to have been launched using smuggling tunnels from Gaza. ](/news/2014/10/26/the-egyptian-government-closes-the-rafah-border-crossing-with-gaza-and-will-set-up-a-buffer-zone-after-a-series-of-attacks-which-were-report.md) _Context: Rafah_
9. [Israeli ground forces will leave the Gaza Strip ahead of an Egyptian mediated ceasefire starting at 0500 GMT today. ](/news/2014/08/5/israeli-ground-forces-will-leave-the-gaza-strip-ahead-of-an-egyptian-mediated-ceasefire-starting-at-0500-gmt-today.md) _Context: 2014 Israel-Gaza conflict_
10. [Israel and Hamas enter a 72-hour ceasefire brokered by Egypt. ](/news/2014/08/4/israel-and-hamas-enter-a-72-hour-ceasefire-brokered-by-egypt.md) _Context: 2014 Israel-Gaza conflict_
