### [2014-08-3](/news/2014/08/3/index.md)

# In a joint ceremony at the Hartmannswillerkopf cemetery, French President Francois Hollande and his German counterpart, Joachim Gauck, commemorate the 100th anniversary of Germany's declaration of war on France in the beginning of World War I. 

Breaking&#x20;news&#x20;and&#x20;world&#x20;news&#x20;from&#x20;France&#x20;24&#x20;on&#x20;Business,&#x20;Sports,&#x20;Culture.&#x20;Video&#x20;news.&#x20;News&#x20;from&#x20;the&#x20;US,&#x20;Europe,&#x20;Asia&#x20;Pacific,&#x20;Africa,&#x20;Middle&#x20;East,&#x20;America


### Source:

1. [France24](http://www.france24.com/en/#20140803-french-german-president-wwi-anniversary-vieil-armand-hollande-great-war/?&_suid=140707894099705381249085298045)

### Related:

1. [ For the first time since World War I, the leaders of Germany and France appear together at a ceremony on Remembrance Day to commemorate the end of the conflict. ](/news/2009/11/11/for-the-first-time-since-world-war-i-the-leaders-of-germany-and-france-appear-together-at-a-ceremony-on-remembrance-day-to-commemorate-the.md) _Context: First World War, France, Germany_
2. [2016 European floods: The flood waters for the Seine River are expected to peak at six metres above its normal level. Flooding in France and Germany has so far claimed at least 11 lives. ](/news/2016/06/3/2016-european-floods-the-flood-waters-for-the-seine-river-are-expected-to-peak-at-six-metres-above-its-normal-level-flooding-in-france-and.md) _Context: France, Germany_
3. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-b.md) _Context: France, Germany_
4. [France-Germany relations: Germany wants France to shut down the Fessenheim Nuclear Power Plant near its border as soon as possible following media reports the April 9, 2014, incident was more serious than reported. ](/news/2016/03/4/france-germany-relations-germany-wants-france-to-shut-down-the-fessenheim-nuclear-power-plant-near-its-border-as-soon-as-possible-followi.md) _Context: France, Germany_
5. [Erasmus bus crash: Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/erasmus-bus-crash-thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-fall.md) _Context: France, Germany_
6. [November 2015 Paris attacks: Christiane Taubira, differing with President Francois Hollande concerning pending terrorist/citizenship legislation, resigns as the Minister of Justice in France. ](/news/2016/01/27/november-2015-paris-attacks-christiane-taubira-differing-with-president-franassois-hollande-concerning-pending-terrorist-citizenship-legisl.md) _Context: France, Francois Hollande_
7. [Military intervention against ISIL: In an act of solidarity with France following the Paris massacre, Germany's parliament (the Bundestag) approves measures to move past the military's primary defensive role, to send six of its 29 operational, yet aged, Tornado reconnaissance aircraft, and as many as 1,200 soldiers to support the coalition missions against Islamic State militants in Syria. The airplanes will be limited to support activities; they will not fly combat missions. ](/news/2015/12/4/military-intervention-against-isil-in-an-act-of-solidarity-with-france-following-the-paris-massacre-germany-s-parliament-the-bundestag-a.md) _Context: France, Germany_
8. [French regional elections, 2015: With most of the votes counted, the opposition conservatives of former president Nicolas Sarkozy's party win in six of the country-s 13 regions and lead in the Paris region. The ruling Socialists of President Francois Hollande's party capture five regions. The winner in Corsica is not affiliated with a major party. France's far-right National Front (FN) fails to win a single region but did record its best showing in its history. Voter turnout was 58 percent. Definitive results are expected Monday. ](/news/2015/12/13/french-regional-elections-2015-with-most-of-the-votes-counted-the-opposition-conservatives-of-former-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-party-wi.md) _Context: France, Francois Hollande_
9. [A newly released ISIS video threatens attacks on the White House in the U.S., monuments in France, U.S. President Obama, French President Francois Hollande, and targets in Italy. ](/news/2015/11/20/a-newly-released-isis-video-threatens-attacks-on-the-white-house-in-the-u-s-monuments-in-france-u-s-president-obama-french-president-fr.md) _Context: France, Francois Hollande_
10. [Vienna Conference on Syria: Syrian Civil War: Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/vienna-conference-on-syria-syrian-civil-war-iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-represen.md) _Context: France, Germany_
