### [2014-08-3](/news/2014/08/3/index.md)

# The Islamic State seizes the Yazidi-dominated town of Sinjar. 

The UN has warned that up to 200,000 people have been forced to flee after Islamic State militants take over more towns in northern Iraq.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-28631770)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/08/03/us-iraq-security-idUSKBN0G20FU20140803)

### Related:

1. [Kurdish Peshmerga forces backed by U.S. airstrikes seize control of Sinjar in northern Iraq. Sinjar has been under Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant occupation since August 2014. ](/news/2015/11/13/kurdish-peshmerga-forces-backed-by-u-s-airstrikes-seize-control-of-sinjar-in-northern-iraq-sinjar-has-been-under-islamic-state-of-iraq-and.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Sinjar_
2. [Kurdish forces, backed by U.S. airstrikes, capture several villages in an offensive to retake the Iraqi town of Sinjar from Islamic State militants, who overran it more than a year ago. The operation aims to cordon off the town, take control of Islamic State supply routes, and establish a buffer zone to protect the town from artillery, according to the Kurdish national security council. ](/news/2015/11/12/kurdish-forces-backed-by-u-s-airstrikes-capture-several-villages-in-an-offensive-to-retake-the-iraqi-town-of-sinjar-from-islamic-state-mi.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Sinjar_
3. [The Islamic State captures a range of cities inhabited primarily by Assyrian/Chaldean Christians in Northern Iraq, notably Bakhdida, Bartella, Qaraqosh, Tel Keppe, Karamlish and Tel Isqof; thousands flee, while many Yazidis are caught in the newly-captured city of Sinjar. ](/news/2014/08/7/the-islamic-state-captures-a-range-of-cities-inhabited-primarily-by-assyrian-chaldean-christians-in-northern-iraq-notably-bakhdida-bartell.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Sinjar_
4. [The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant is renamed The Islamic State, with a caliphate being proclaimed and Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi being named caliph. ](/news/2014/06/29/the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-is-renamed-the-islamic-state-with-a-caliphate-being-proclaimed-and-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-being-name.md) _Context: 2014 Northern Iraq offensive, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [American human rights group Human Rights Watch claims that Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant executed at least 160 captives earlier this month in Tikrit. ](/news/2014/06/27/american-human-rights-group-human-rights-watch-claims-that-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-executed-at-least-160-captives-earlier-this.md) _Context: 2014 Northern Iraq offensive, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant captures the towns of al-Qa'im, Anah and Rawa in Western Iraq. ](/news/2014/06/21/islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-captures-the-towns-of-al-qa-im-anah-and-rawa-in-western-iraq.md) _Context: 2014 Northern Iraq offensive, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [Seven people are killed and 13 are injured after suicide bombers hit a state-run power station near the northern city of Samarra, Iraq. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/09/2/seven-people-are-killed-and-13-are-injured-after-suicide-bombers-hit-a-state-run-power-station-near-the-northern-city-of-samarra-iraq-the.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [CJTF-OIR jets destroy a section of road, blocking the path of a convoy carrying ISIL evacuees from the Lebanon-Syria border en route to Abu Kamal in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. The convoy, carrying 308 militants and 331 civilians according to Hezbollah, is now effectively stranded in Syrian government-controlled territory. ](/news/2017/08/30/cjtfaoir-jets-destroy-a-section-of-road-blocking-the-path-of-a-convoy-carrying-isil-evacuees-from-the-lebanonasyria-border-en-route-to.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [ISIL militants and their families, estimated to be around 600 people, begin to leave their strongholds on the Lebanon-Syria border and Qalamun Mountains for the Deir ez-Zor Governorate under Syrian military escort. A ceasefire was reached between warring parties yesterday. ](/news/2017/08/28/isil-militants-and-their-families-estimated-to-be-around-600-people-begin-to-leave-their-strongholds-on-the-lebanonasyria-border-and-qal.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [The Iraqi Army announces it is in full control of the Iraqi Turkmen city of Tal Afar in the Nineveh Governorate, after eight days of clashes with ISIL militants inside the city. ](/news/2017/08/27/the-iraqi-army-announces-it-is-in-full-control-of-the-iraqi-turkmen-city-of-tal-afar-in-the-nineveh-governorate-after-eight-days-of-clashes.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
