### [2016-02-24](/news/2016/02/24/index.md)

# A report by two Israeli human rights groups, B'Tselem and HaMoked, states dozens of Palestinian detainees at the Shin Bet's Shikma interrogation facility in Ashkelon have been subjected to mistreatment, and in some cases torture. The report examined affidavits and personal accounts from 116 Palestinians held for security reasons at the facility between August 2013 and March 2014. 

JERUSALEM — Dozens of Palestinian detainees at an Israeli detention facility have been subjected to mistreatment, and in some cases torture, two Israeli human rights groups alleged on Wednesday. In new bloodshed Wednesday, Israeli troops accidentally shot and killed a fellow soldier as they thwarted a Palestinian stabber in the West Bank, the military said. The report by the B’Tselem and HaMoked rights groups presented accounts by 116 Palestinian detainees on conditions at the Shikma interrogation facility, run by the Israeli Shin Bet internal security agency. Palestinian detainees told the Israeli rights groups that they were at times exposed to extreme heat or cold, bound to a chair and denied access to a shower for days or weeks.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''San Francisco Chronicle](http://www.sfgate.com/world/article/Dozens-of-Palestinians-detained-abused-say-6852163.php)
2. [Jurist](http://jurist.org/paperchase/2016/02/human-rights-groups-finds-mistreatment-of-detained-palestinians.php)

### Related:

1. [A 17-year-old Palestinian stabs and kills a sleeping 13-year-old Israeli and American citizen girl Hallel Yaffa Ariel in her bedroom. The assailant is fatally shot by security guards. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu blamed "incitement-driven terrorists" while the U.S. State Department condemned the "outrageous terrorist attack." ](/news/2016/06/30/a-17-year-old-palestinian-stabs-and-kills-a-sleeping-13-year-old-israeli-and-american-citizen-girl-hallel-yaffa-ariel-in-her-bedroom-the-as.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
2. [Following an appeal, 12-year-old Dima al-Wawi is freed from an Israeli prison. She is believed to be the youngest female Palestinian ever imprisoned.  Israeli civil law, which does not allow anyone under 14 to go to jail, did not affect her imprisonment.   Palestinian residents in the occupied territories are subject to military law that can sentence suspects as young as 12 to prison. ](/news/2016/04/24/following-an-appeal-12-year-old-dima-al-wawi-is-freed-from-an-israeli-prison-she-is-believed-to-be-the-youngest-female-palestinian-ever-im.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
3. [Three terror attacks are reported that result in the deaths of four Palestinians and an American tourist with 12 Israelis wounded, including two Israeli policemen, as United States Vice President Joe Biden arrives in Israel for a two-day visit that includes meetings with Israeli and Palestinian leaders.One of the attacks occurred less than a kilometer from where Joe Biden was at the time. ](/news/2016/03/8/three-terror-attacks-are-reported-that-result-in-the-deaths-of-four-palestinians-and-an-american-tourist-with-12-israelis-wounded-including.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
4. [Israeli security forces  kill four Palestinians and critically wound another who attempted to stab either police officers or a member of the public today. This is the latest in a month of similar attacks where 17 Palestinian attackers and eight Israelis have been killed. ](/news/2015/10/17/israeli-security-forces-kill-four-palestinians-and-critically-wound-another-who-attempted-to-stab-either-police-officers-or-a-member-of-the.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
5. [Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence.  ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapsed-a-nearby-house-killing-a-30-y.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
6. [The bodies of three kidnapped Israeli teenagers, including one with dual American citizenship, are found partially buried near Hebron on the West Bank. Shin Bet determined they were murdered shortly after being kidnapped, and is searching for two Hamas kidnappers and accomplices.](/news/2014/06/30/the-bodies-of-three-kidnapped-israeli-teenagers-including-one-with-dual-american-citizenship-are-found-partially-buried-near-hebron-on-the.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Shin Bet's_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:Palestinian militants fire a Grad-type rocket from Gaza into southern Ashkelon, Israel; two residents are taken to a clinic for medical treatment. ](/news/2011/03/20/israeliapalestinian-conflict-ppalestinian-militants-fire-a-grad-type-rocket-from-gaza-into-southern-ashkelon-israel-two-residents-are-ta.md) _Context: Ashkelon, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: After Palestinians fire a Qassam rocket that explodes in an open area of the city of Ashkelon, Israeli planes launch air strikes on several targets in the Gaza Strip, in locations which include Gaza City, Khan Yunis and Rafah. ](/news/2010/04/1/israeliapalestinian-conflict-p-after-palestinians-fire-a-qassam-rocket-that-explodes-in-an-open-area-of-the-city-of-ashkelon-israeli-pla.md) _Context: Ashkelon, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: An Israeli court sentences Asher Weisgan to four consecutive life sentences plus an additional 12 years in prison for murdering four Palestinian workmen and wounding a fifth in August 2005. Weisgan must also pay more than 1,000,000 shekels ($US 235,000) in compensation to the victims' families. ](/news/2006/09/27/israeliapalestinian-conflict-p-an-israeli-court-sentences-asher-weisgan-to-four-consecutive-life-sentences-plus-an-additional-12-years-in.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict:  Palestinian presidential candidate Mustafa Barghouti is  arrested by Israeli police on the last day of the campaign as he tried to enter the Al-Aqsa Mosque. ](/news/2005/01/7/israeliapalestinian-conflict-p-palestinian-presidential-candidate-mustafa-barghouti-is-arrested-by-israeli-police-on-the-last-day-of-th.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
