### [2016-02-24](/news/2016/02/24/index.md)

# Former President of FIFA Sepp Blatter and suspended President of UEFA boss Michel Platini lose their appeals against being banned from all football related activities but the period of the ban is reduced from eight to six years. 

Outgoing Fifa president Sepp Blatter and suspended Uefa boss Michel Platini fail in their appeal against bans from football.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/soccer-fifa-ali-idINKCN0VX2CJ)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/sport/football/35655454)

### Related:

1. [UEFA President Michel Platini, who had been suspended by the FIFA Ethics Committee last fall, announces his resignation following the Court of Arbitration for Sport decision  that let stand his ban, shortened to four years which corresponds to the duration of his remaining time in office. The court ruled that Platini was guilty of conflict of interest for taking a $2 million payment from FIFA approved by Sepp Blatter in 2011.  ](/news/2016/05/9/uefa-president-michel-platini-who-had-been-suspended-by-the-fifa-ethics-committee-last-fall-announces-his-resignation-following-the-court.md) _Context: 2015 FIFA corruption case, Michel Platini, Sepp Blatter_
2. [Federation Internationale de Football Association ethics committee recommends FIFA President Sepp Blatter be suspended, re: the Swiss attorney general's ongoing criminal investigation. The final decision will be made by Chairman of the Ethics Committee's adjudication chamber, Hans-Joachim Eckert. ](/news/2015/10/7/fa-c-da-c-ration-internationale-de-football-association-ethics-committee-recommends-fifa-president-sepp-blatter-be-suspended-re-the-swiss-atto.md) _Context: 2015 FIFA corruption case, President of FIFA, Sepp Blatter_
3. [The Office of the Attorney General of Switzerland opens criminal proceedings against the President of FIFA Sepp Blatter. ](/news/2015/09/25/the-office-of-the-attorney-general-of-switzerland-opens-criminal-proceedings-against-the-president-of-fifa-sepp-blatter.md) _Context: 2015 FIFA corruption case, President of FIFA, Sepp Blatter_
4. [FIFA shares results of their investigation with legal authorities showing former president Sepp Blatter and two others gave themselves  nearly $80 million over the past five years via annual raises and World Cup bonuses. ](/news/2016/06/3/fifa-shares-results-of-their-investigation-with-legal-authorities-showing-former-president-sepp-blatter-and-two-others-gave-themselves-near.md) _Context: 2015 FIFA corruption case, Sepp Blatter_
5. [South Korean FIFA presidential candidate Chung Mong-joon admits that he is facing charges before FIFA's ethics committee but denies wrongdoing. ](/news/2015/10/6/south-korean-fifa-presidential-candidate-chung-mong-joon-admits-that-he-is-facing-charges-before-fifa-s-ethics-committee-but-denies-wrongdoi.md) _Context: 2015 FIFA corruption case, President of FIFA_
6. [Longtime FIFA corporate sponsors -- Coca-Cola Co., McDonald's, Visa Inc., and Budweiser owner Anheuser-Busch InBev -- demand FIFA President Sepp Blatter step down immediately following last week's announcement of his criminal investigation by the Swiss attorney general. Blatter refused. ](/news/2015/10/2/longtime-fifa-corporate-sponsors-coca-cola-co-mcdonald-s-visa-inc-and-budweiser-owner-anheuser-busch-inbev-demand-fifa-president.md) _Context: 2015 FIFA corruption case, Sepp Blatter_
7. [Sepp Blatter announces that he will resign as President of FIFA as a result of the corruption scandals with an emergency congress to be called as soon as possible. ](/news/2015/06/2/sepp-blatter-announces-that-he-will-resign-as-president-of-fifa-as-a-result-of-the-corruption-scandals-with-an-emergency-congress-to-be-call.md) _Context: 2015 FIFA corruption case, Sepp Blatter_
8. [UEFA President Michel Platini announces that the administrative body is considering scrapping the Europa League in favour of an extended Champions League. A proposal may involve extending the final phase of the Champions League from 32 to 64 teams from 2015, with the final decision to be made in 2014. ](/news/2012/11/27/uefa-president-michel-platini-announces-that-the-administrative-body-is-considering-scrapping-the-europa-league-in-favour-of-an-extended-cha.md) _Context: Michel Platini, President of UEFA_
9. [In association football, Toronto FC play Seattle Sounders FC in the MLS Cup final held at Toronto's BMO Field. The Sounders win 5-4 in a penalty shootout after the game ended scoreless after extra time. It is the Sounders' first MLS title. ](/news/2016/12/10/in-association-football-toronto-fc-play-seattle-sounders-fc-in-the-mls-cup-final-held-at-toronto-s-bmo-field-the-sounders-win-5a4-in-a-p.md) _Context: association football_
10. [At least 11 people are killed and 16 others are injured after a gunman opens fire on football fans watching an English Premier League game near Juba, South Sudan. ](/news/2016/11/6/at-least-11-people-are-killed-and-16-others-are-injured-after-a-gunman-opens-fire-on-football-fans-watching-an-english-premier-league-game-n.md) _Context: association football_
