
Formats: [HTML](/news/2016/02/24/former-california-state-senator-leland-yee-is-sentenced-to-five-years-imprisonment-in-a-u-s-federal-prison-after-being-convicted-of-corrupt.html)  [JSON](/news/2016/02/24/former-california-state-senator-leland-yee-is-sentenced-to-five-years-imprisonment-in-a-u-s-federal-prison-after-being-convicted-of-corrupt.json)  [XML](/news/2016/02/24/former-california-state-senator-leland-yee-is-sentenced-to-five-years-imprisonment-in-a-u-s-federal-prison-after-being-convicted-of-corrupt.xml)  

### [2016-02-24](/news/2016/02/24/index.md)

##### California state senator
# Former California state senator Leland Yee is sentenced to five years imprisonment in a U.S. Federal prison after being convicted of corruption. 

Former state Sen. Leland Yee, a powerhouse in Bay Area politics for a quarter century and now a convicted felon for taking bribes from undercover agents, stood before a federal judge in San Francisco on Wednesday, the day of his sentencing, and asked for leniency. Breyer seemed unpersuaded, telling Yee his public service was outweighed by his willingness to trade votes for campaign contributions. [...] later in the three-hour hearing, which included sentencing for three other defendants, Breyer indicated that he had taken into account Yee’s age, his overall career, and the health of his wife, who has been diagnosed with cancer. Breyer was tougher with Keith Jackson, 51, a former San Francisco school board president who raised funds for Yee, set up the bribery scheme and admitted taking his own payoffs from agents to traffic in guns and drugs and arrange a supposed murder for hire. Describing Jackson as a “one-person crime wave,” Breyer sentenced him to nine years in prison, one year less than prosecutors had sought. Both men admitted plotting with undercover agents, who posed as criminals, to deal drugs and firearms and take part in the murder-for-hire scheme. In one recorded conversation, the judge said, an undercover agent had asked Keith Jackson whether he wanted to involve Brandon in illegal acts, and the father replied that his son was old enough to make his own decisions. The prosecution arose from a five-year undercover investigation that targeted a Chinatown community organization, the Ghee Kung Tong, and its leader, Raymond “Shrimp Boy” Chow, and yielded charges against 29 defendants. Chow, the first to go to trial, was convicted last month of running the organization as a racketeering enterprise and murdering its former leader, Allen Leung, in 2006. [...] in his guilty plea, Yee admitted agreeing in a March 2014 meeting with Jackson, an undercover agent and the now-deceased Wilson Lim, a Daly City dentist and Yee supporter, to illegally import weapons, including automatic firearms, from the Philippines. Breyer told Yee on Wednesday that his willingness to traffic in guns, while publicly trumpeting his support for gun control, was “inexplicable ... hypocritical ... the most venal thing and the most dangerous thing you’ve done.” Yee also acknowledged that over a period of nearly three years, in exchange for purported campaign contributions, he arranged a meeting between a donor and another state senator to discuss marijuana legislation; agreed to recommend another campaign contributor’s software company for a state contract; promised to vote for legislation restricting workers’ compensation payments to injured National Football League players; and agreed to sponsor a state Senate resolution honoring Chow’s Ghee Kung Tong. The racketeering charge was punishable by up to 20 years in prison, but judges usually follow the U.S. Sentencing Commission’s guidelines. In arguing for an above-guideline sentence of eight years, Assistant U.S. Attorney Susan Badger told Breyer that Yee had abused (public) faith and trust, and in the worst possible way. “You are an intelligent person who rose out of a difficult situation to become a leader in your community, so your conduct after that was perplexing,” Breyer replied, referring to Jackson’s upbringing in the Western Addition neighborhood.


### Sources:

1. [San Francisco Chronicle](http://www.sfgate.com/crime/article/Former-state-Sen-Leland-Yee-gets-five-years-in-6851830.php)
1. [Cover Image](http://ww3.hdnux.com/photos/44/03/46/9451922/3/rawImage.jpg)

### Related:

1. [California State Senator Leland Yee's attorney Paul DeMeester is replaced by former San Francisco assistant district attorney Jim Lassart. ](/news/2014/04/2/california-state-senator-leland-yee-s-attorney-paul-demeester-is-replaced-by-former-san-francisco-assistant-district-attorney-jim-lassart.md) _Context: Leland Yee_
2. [California State Senator Leland Yee is arrested in a raid involving the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the California Highway Patrol for alleged firearms trafficking, bribery, and corruption. ](/news/2014/03/26/california-state-senator-leland-yee-is-arrested-in-a-raid-involving-the-federal-bureau-of-investigation-and-the-california-highway-patrol-fo.md) _Context: Leland Yee_
3. [The California State Senate votes to approve funding for a bullet train between Los Angeles and San Francisco. ](/news/2012/07/6/the-california-state-senate-votes-to-approve-funding-for-a-bullet-train-between-los-angeles-and-san-francisco.md) _Context: California state senator_
4. [American Republican politician Beth Gaines is elected to the district in the California State Assembly previously held by her husband Ted Gaines who is now serving in the California State Senate. ](/news/2011/05/3/american-republican-politician-beth-gaines-is-elected-to-the-district-in-the-california-state-assembly-previously-held-by-her-husband-ted-ga.md) _Context: California state senator_
5. [ The California State Assembly passes a bill recognizing same-sex marriage. Earlier this week the state Senate approved the measure; it now heads to the desk of Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger where there is uncertainty whether he will sign or veto the measure. The legislation is the first passed by a U.S. state legislature recognizing same-sex marriage. ](/news/2005/09/7/the-california-state-assembly-passes-a-bill-recognizing-same-sex-marriage-earlier-this-week-the-state-senate-approved-the-measure-it-now.md) _Context: California state senator_
