### [2016-02-24](/news/2016/02/24/index.md)

# Hungary is to hold a referendum on whether to accept mandatory EU quotas for relocating migrants. 

Hungary will hold a referendum on whether to accept mandatory EU quotas for relocating migrants, Prime Minister Viktor Orban announces.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-35652655)

### Related:

1. [The government of Hungary announces it will hold a referendum regarding future European Union quotas for resettling refugees. The vote is expected to be held either in September or October of this year where a turnout of over 50 percent will render it to be valid. ](/news/2016/05/3/the-government-of-hungary-announces-it-will-hold-a-referendum-regarding-future-european-union-quotas-for-resettling-refugees-the-vote-is-ex.md) _Context: EU, European migrant crisis, Hungary_
2. [Foreign ministers from Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia meet with officials from the European Union and Germany to discuss differences over migrant quotas. ](/news/2015/09/11/foreign-ministers-from-czech-republic-hungary-poland-and-slovakia-meet-with-officials-from-the-european-union-and-germany-to-discuss-diffe.md) _Context: EU, European migrant crisis, Hungary_
3. [The National Assembly of Hungary approves the automatic detention of all asylum seekers who enter the country. ](/news/2017/03/7/the-national-assembly-of-hungary-approves-the-automatic-detention-of-all-asylum-seekers-who-enter-the-country.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Hungary_
4. [Germany announces plans to start deporting newly-arrived migrants to Greece starting in March. According to EU's Dublin Regulation, asylum seekers must file for asylum in the member state they arrived in. ](/news/2017/01/12/germany-announces-plans-to-start-deporting-newly-arrived-migrants-to-greece-starting-in-march-according-to-eu-s-dublin-regulation-asylum-s.md) _Context: EU, European migrant crisis_
5. [The National Assembly rejects Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban's bill to block the settlement of refugees in Hungary. The far-right Jobbik party abstained from the vote, arguing the immigration ban should apply to all foreigners, and not just refugees. ](/news/2016/11/8/the-national-assembly-rejects-hungarian-prime-minister-viktor-orba-n-s-bill-to-block-the-settlement-of-refugees-in-hungary-the-far-right-jo.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Hungary_
6. [Voters in Hungary go to the polls for a referendum on whether to accept mandatory European Union quotas on relocating migrants. While an overwhelming majority of voters reject the EU's migrant quotas, turnout was too low to make the poll valid. ](/news/2016/10/2/voters-in-hungary-go-to-the-polls-for-a-referendum-on-whether-to-accept-mandatory-european-union-quotas-on-relocating-migrants-while-an-ove.md) _Context: EU, Hungary_
7. [Luxembourg's foreign minister Jean Asselborn calls for Hungary to be expelled from the European Union for its treatment of migrants. ](/news/2016/09/13/luxembourg-s-foreign-minister-jean-asselborn-calls-for-hungary-to-be-expelled-from-the-european-union-for-its-treatment-of-migrants.md) _Context: EU, Hungary_
8. [Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban announces that the country will hold a referendum on October 2 where voters will get to choose whether or not to accept European Union-imposed quotas on the distribution of migrants. ](/news/2016/07/5/hungarian-prime-minister-viktor-orba-n-announces-that-the-country-will-hold-a-referendum-on-october-2-where-voters-will-get-to-choose-whethe.md) _Context: EU, European migrant crisis_
9. [Police in northern Greece move  more than 400 Syrians and Iraqis by bus from a makeshift camp near the Macedonian border to a shelter near the northern city of Thessaloniki. More than 50,000 migrants remain stranded in Greece following European border closures, and the European Union's agreement with Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/13/police-in-northern-greece-move-more-than-400-syrians-and-iraqis-by-bus-from-a-makeshift-camp-near-the-macedonian-border-to-a-shelter-near-t.md) _Context: EU, European migrant crisis_
10. [The European Union proposes visa-free travel for Turkish citizens within Europe's Schengen Area and invites member states and EU lawmakers to endorse the move by June 30.  The EU says Turkey has met all but five of the 72 criteria included in the agreement in exchange for its efforts to stop asylum seekers from reaching Europe. This visa deal also needs approval from the European Parliament. ](/news/2016/05/4/the-european-union-proposes-visa-free-travel-for-turkish-citizens-within-europe-s-schengen-area-and-invites-member-states-and-eu-lawmakers-t.md) _Context: EU, European migrant crisis_
