### [2016-02-24](/news/2016/02/24/index.md)

# Qatar and Kuwait join Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates in asking its citizens to leave or avoid travel to Lebanon. 




### Source:

1. [Al Arabiya](http://english.alarabiya.net/en/News/middle-east/2016/02/24/Embassy-of-Kuwait-in-Beirut-asks-its-nationals-to-leave-Lebanon.html)

### Related:

1. [The Gulf Cooperation Council  formally designates Lebanon's Hezbollah militia a terrorist organization. The GCC  member states are Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates. ](/news/2016/03/2/the-gulf-cooperation-council-formally-designates-lebanon-s-hezbollah-militia-a-terrorist-organization-the-gcc-member-states-are-bahrain.md) _Context: Bahrain, Kuwait, Lebanon, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates_
2. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Bahrain, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates_
3. [The United Arab Emirates (UAE) bans its citizens from traveling to Lebanon, just hours after Saudi Arabia issued a warning to its citizens to leave Lebanon in retaliation for Lebanon choosing to side with Iran in the Iran-Saudi Arabia proxy conflict and Hezbollah's influence on the Lebanese government. ](/news/2016/02/23/the-united-arab-emirates-uae-bans-its-citizens-from-traveling-to-lebanon-just-hours-after-saudi-arabia-issued-a-warning-to-its-citizens-t.md) _Context: Foreign relations of Lebanon, Lebanon, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates_
4. [Sudan and Bahrain follow Saudi Arabia's lead and cut diplomatic relations with Iran, and the United Arab Emirates downgrades diplomatic ties. ](/news/2016/01/4/sudan-and-bahrain-follow-saudi-arabia-s-lead-and-cut-diplomatic-relations-with-iran-and-the-united-arab-emirates-downgrades-diplomatic-ties.md) _Context: Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates_
5. [Saudi Arabia announces the formation of a 34-member Islamic Military Alliance against terrorism including Egypt, Qatar, the United Arab Emirates, Turkey, Malaysia and Pakistan with a joint operations centre based in Riyadh. ](/news/2015/12/15/saudi-arabia-announces-the-formation-of-a-34-member-islamic-military-alliance-against-terrorism-including-egypt-qatar-the-united-arab-emir.md) _Context: Qatar, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates_
6. [Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, Saudi King Abdullah, and Qatari Emir Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa al-Thani visit Lebanon amid reports that the Special Tribunal for Lebanon will indict members of Hezbollah ](/news/2010/07/30/syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-saudi-king-abdullah-and-qatari-emir-sheikh-hamad-bin-khalifa-al-thani-visit-lebanon-amid-reports-that-the.md) _Context: Lebanon, Qatar, Saudi Arabia_
7. [Millions of mostly Asian women who work in countries  like Saudi Arabia, Lebanon and the United Arab Emirates remain at risk of human trafficking, forced labor, confinement and sexual violence, the New York-based Human Rights Watch group reports. ](/news/2010/04/29/millions-of-mostly-asian-women-who-work-in-countries-like-saudi-arabia-lebanon-and-the-united-arab-emirates-remain-at-risk-of-human-traffi.md) _Context: Lebanon, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates_
8. [The Saudi Arabia-led bloc against Qatar issues a "terror list" against the peninsula. ](/news/2017/06/8/the-saudi-arabia-led-bloc-against-qatar-issues-a-terror-list-against-the-peninsula.md) _Context: Qatar, Saudi Arabia_
9. [At least 14 people are killed after Saudi-led coalition airstrikes hit a food factory in Yemen's capital Sana'a. The airstrikes come just days after the suspension of inconclusive peace talks in Kuwait. ](/news/2016/08/9/at-least-14-people-are-killed-after-saudi-led-coalition-airstrikes-hit-a-food-factory-in-yemen-s-capital-sana-a-the-airstrikes-come-just-da.md) _Context: Kuwait, Saudi Arabia_
10. [The United Arab Emirates and Bahrain issue a travel warning for their citizens heading to American cities where protests are occuring following ethnic tensions in the country. This comes after The Bahamas issued its own travel warning yesterday, after the shooting of Dallas police officers. ](/news/2016/07/10/the-united-arab-emirates-and-bahrain-issue-a-travel-warning-for-their-citizens-heading-to-american-cities-where-protests-are-occuring-follow.md) _Context: Bahrain, United Arab Emirates_
