### [2016-02-24](/news/2016/02/24/index.md)

# Senior Libyan military officials say French special forces are on the ground in Benghazi helping Libyan National Army troops fight ISIL militants. They said that the French forces, along with American and British teams, are setting up an operations room inside Benina International Airport in Benina. The French defense ministry declined to comment, citing a policy not to comment on special forces' activities. 




### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/aponline/2016/02/24/world/middleeast/ap-ml-libya.html?_r=0)

### Related:

1. [Forces of the Libyan National Army claim to have captured one of the last remaining strongholds of Benghazi from Ansar al-Sharia. ](/news/2017/01/26/forces-of-the-libyan-national-army-claim-to-have-captured-one-of-the-last-remaining-strongholds-of-benghazi-from-ansar-al-sharia.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Libyan National Army_
2. [An ISIL sniper in Sirte, Libya, shoots dead Dutch photographer and war correspondent Jeroen Oerlemans. ](/news/2016/10/2/an-isil-sniper-in-sirte-libya-shoots-dead-dutch-photographer-and-war-correspondent-jeroen-oerlemans.md) _Context: ISIL, Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
3. [The United States launches airstrikes on ISIL positions in the Libyan city of Sirte following a request from the UN-backed Government of National Accord. Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj, in a televised address, says the strikes have caused "heavy ISIL losses". ](/news/2016/08/1/the-united-states-launches-airstrikes-on-isil-positions-in-the-libyan-city-of-sirte-following-a-request-from-the-un-backed-government-of-nat.md) _Context: ISIL, Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
4. [At least three French Armed Forces soldiers are killed after their helicopter is shot down near the city of Benghazi, Libya. The soldiers were killed while carrying out "dangerous intelligence operations", according to French President Francois Hollande. ](/news/2016/07/20/at-least-three-french-armed-forces-soldiers-are-killed-after-their-helicopter-is-shot-down-near-the-city-of-benghazi-libya-the-soldiers-we.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
5. [Seven Libyan National Army soldiers are killed fighting ISIL militants in Benghazi. ](/news/2016/02/26/seven-libyan-national-army-soldiers-are-killed-fighting-isil-militants-in-benghazi.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Libyan National Army_
6. [The Libyan National Army says it has taken control of the town of Ajdabiya and several areas of Benghazi following heavy clashes with Islamist militant groups. ](/news/2016/02/21/the-libyan-national-army-says-it-has-taken-control-of-the-town-of-ajdabiya-and-several-areas-of-benghazi-following-heavy-clashes-with-islami.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Libyan National Army_
7. [United States Air Force warplanes carry out airstrikes on ISIL in western Libya, near the Tunisian border, reportedly killing at least 38 people. ](/news/2016/02/19/united-states-air-force-warplanes-carry-out-airstrikes-on-isil-in-western-libya-near-the-tunisian-border-reportedly-killing-at-least-38-pe.md) _Context: ISIL, Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
8. [A major power station in the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi is shelled by militants. ](/news/2016/01/9/a-major-power-station-in-the-eastern-libyan-city-of-benghazi-is-shelled-by-militants.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
9. [The Islamic State's Libyan branch continues attacks on Libya's oil ports of Sidra and Ra's Lanuf, resulting in at least 10 security personnel deaths and 40 injured. The National Oil Corporation (NOC) reports that fires continue to rage in both Sidra and Ra's Lanuf after oil storage tanks were hit by shells.  ](/news/2016/01/6/the-islamic-state-s-libyan-branch-continues-attacks-on-libya-s-oil-ports-of-sidra-and-ra-s-lanuf-resulting-in-at-least-10-security-personne.md) _Context: ISIL, Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
10. [The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's branch in Libya attacks the Libyan oil port of Sidra, which is Libya's largest oil depot. Two members of the Petrol Facilities Guard militia, which is defending Sidra, were reportedly killed in clashes. Islamic State militants were reportedly pushed back from the port, but the group now says it controls the town of Bin Jawad, 30km west of Sidra on the road from its stronghold in Sirte. ](/news/2016/01/4/the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-s-branch-in-libya-attacks-the-libyan-oil-port-of-sidra-which-is-libya-s-largest-oil-depot-two-mem.md) _Context: ISIL, Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
