### [2016-02-24](/news/2016/02/24/index.md)

# South Korea's opposition holds a parliamentary filibuster, the first in the National Assembly  since 1969, to block the current anti-terrorism bill that would expand National Intelligence Service powers. The opposition plans to continue until March 11, when the session is scheduled to end. 

Wearing a white sweater and a blue blazer, her eyes framed by round spectacles, Eun Soo-mi looked more like a librarian than a political saboteur as she approached the podium in South Korea’s parliament at 2:30 a.m. on Wednesday.


### Source:

1. [Los Angeles Times](http://www.latimes.com/world/asia/la-fg-south-korea-parliament-filibuster-terror-bill-20160224-story.html)
2. [{''Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/afp/article-3463220/S-Korea-lawmakers-filibuster-block-anti-terror-bill.html)

### Related:

1. [South Korean opposition lawmakers'  anti-terrorism bill filibuster, which stops all other legislative business, extends its world record to  115 hours Sunday afternoon,  easily besting Canada's 58-hour session in 2011. The major issue is giving South Korea's intelligence agency powers to monitor private communications. This parliamentary session is set to end March 11, with elections on April 13. ](/news/2016/02/28/south-korean-opposition-lawmakers-anti-terrorism-bill-filibuster-which-stops-all-other-legislative-business-extends-its-world-record-to.md) _Context: South Korea, South Korea's intelligence agency, South Korean National Assembly_
2. [The South Korean National Assembly begins hearings ahead of an impeachment vote against President Park Geun-Hye. ](/news/2016/12/5/the-south-korean-national-assembly-begins-hearings-ahead-of-an-impeachment-vote-against-president-park-geun-hye.md) _Context: South Korea, South Korean National Assembly_
3. [South Korea's National Intelligence Service warns that North Korea is currently planning a "terrorist attack" on South Korea, saying Kim Jong-un himself gave the order to North Korea's State Security Department to make preparations for attacks. The NIS warning covered a large number of possible targets, including "subways, shopping malls, exhibition centers, power plants" as well as possible cyber attacks. ](/news/2016/02/18/south-korea-s-national-intelligence-service-warns-that-north-korea-is-currently-planning-a-terrorist-attack-on-south-korea-saying-kim-jon.md) _Context: South Korea, South Korea's intelligence agency_
4. [South Korea's parliament approves a free trade pact with China after opposition lawmakers, concerned that deal that would hurt agriculture and fisheries, secured a $1.4 billion relief package for farmers. ](/news/2015/11/30/south-korea-s-parliament-approves-a-free-trade-pact-with-china-after-opposition-lawmakers-concerned-that-deal-that-would-hurt-agriculture-a.md) _Context: South Korea, South Korean National Assembly_
5. [Former Saenuri Party member of the South Korean National Assembly Cho Hyun-ryong is jailed for five years for accepting bribes. ](/news/2015/11/27/former-saenuri-party-member-of-the-south-korean-national-assembly-cho-hyun-ryong-is-jailed-for-five-years-for-accepting-bribes.md) _Context: South Korea, South Korean National Assembly_
6. [Won Sei-hoon, former head of South Korea's National Intelligence Service is indicted on charges of interfering in last year's presidential election. ](/news/2013/06/14/won-sei-hoon-former-head-of-south-korea-s-national-intelligence-service-is-indicted-on-charges-of-interfering-in-last-year-s-presidential-e.md) _Context: South Korea, South Korea's intelligence agency_
7. [A Seoul-based radio station targeting North Koreans reports that a train carrying birthday gifts for North Korean future leader Kim Jong-un derailed, in what it describes as a possible act of revolt by opponents. South Korea's National Intelligence Service (NIS) states that it is checking the report. ](/news/2010/12/27/a-seoul-based-radio-station-targeting-north-koreans-reports-that-a-train-carrying-birthday-gifts-for-north-korean-future-leader-kim-jong-un.md) _Context: South Korea, South Korea's intelligence agency_
8. [ South Korea's spy agency, the National Intelligence Service, names North Korea's telecommunications ministry as responsible for a wave of cyber attacks in July. ](/news/2009/10/30/south-korea-s-spy-agency-the-national-intelligence-service-names-north-korea-s-telecommunications-ministry-as-responsible-for-a-wave-of-c.md) _Context: South Korea, South Korea's intelligence agency_
9. [South Koreans vote in a presidential election, with Moon Jae-in of the Democratic Party of Korea winning the election. ](/news/2017/05/9/south-koreans-vote-in-a-presidential-election-with-moon-jae-in-of-the-democratic-party-of-korea-winning-the-election.md) _Context: South Korea_
10. [U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435 miles reaching an altitude of more than 1,245 miles before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60 miles south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launched-a-test-missile-from-the-west-coast-city-of-kusong-the-projectile-travelle.md) _Context: South Korea_
