### [2016-02-24](/news/2016/02/24/index.md)

# The United Arab Emirates pulls its troops out of Yemen amid mounting casualties among its forces battling Shia Houthi militants and rising tensions with local fighters in Aden, southern Yemen, which escalated yesterday when Aden International Airport was stormed by local pro-government gunmen. The airport has now been closed. 

The UAE is a key partner in the Saudi-led coalition which has been bombing Houthi positions in Yemen since March last year


### Source:

1. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2016/02/24/yemen-officials-uae-troops-pull-out-aden-airport-is-shut.html)
2. [Middle East Eye](http://www.middleeasteye.net/news/uae-pulls-out-ground-troops-yemen-reports-98821815)

### Related:

1. [Two senior army commanders from Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are killed, including the head of the Saudi Special forces in Yemen, Colonel Abdullah al-Sahyan, along with dozens of Saudi, Emirati, Sudanese and Yemeni coalition troops in a OTR-21 Tochka missile attack by Houthi forces on their base near the city of Taiz in southwestern Yemen. ](/news/2015/12/14/two-senior-army-commanders-from-saudi-arabia-and-the-united-arab-emirates-are-killed-including-the-head-of-the-saudi-special-forces-in-yeme.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, United Arab Emirates, Yemen, forces_
2. [A Saudi-led coalition airstrike on a market in Al Hudaydah Governorate, Yemen, kills at least 20 civilians and six Houthi militants. ](/news/2017/03/10/a-saudi-led-coalition-airstrike-on-a-market-in-al-hudaydah-governorate-yemen-kills-at-least-20-civilians-and-six-houthi-militants.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen, Yemeni conflict_
3. [Coalition troops take control of the strategic Yemeni port city of Mocha after driving out Houthi forces. ](/news/2017/02/7/coalition-troops-take-control-of-the-strategic-yemeni-port-city-of-mocha-after-driving-out-houthi-forces.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen, Yemeni conflict_
4. [A hotel where Vice President of Yemen and Prime Minister Khaled Bahah was staying in Aden which was also being used as a de facto military base by Arab coalition forces is hit by multiple explosions killing at least 15 coalition soldiers. Although the Houthis were first suspected and accused of being behind the attack, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant has since claimed responsibility, marking the first attack on Arab coalition forces in Yemen by the extremist group. ](/news/2015/10/6/a-hotel-where-vice-president-of-yemen-and-prime-minister-khaled-bahah-was-staying-in-aden-which-was-also-being-used-as-a-de-facto-military-b.md) _Context: Aden, Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
5. [Roughly 1,500 United Arab Emirates Army troops deploy with tanks and heavy equipment to the strategic southern Yemeni city of Aden which has been the scene of heavy fighting between Houthi militants and fighters loyal to the previous regime of Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi. Previous attempts by the Saudi Arabian Army and Royal Saudi Air Force to defeat the Houthis were unsuccessful. ](/news/2015/08/4/roughly-1-500-united-arab-emirates-army-troops-deploy-with-tanks-and-heavy-equipment-to-the-strategic-southern-yemeni-city-of-aden-which-has.md) _Context: Aden, Houthi, Yemen, forces_
6. [Human rights activists accuse forces led by Saudi Arabia and the UAE of kidnapping and torturing people during the Yemeni conflict. ](/news/2017/06/9/human-rights-activists-accuse-forces-led-by-saudi-arabia-and-the-uae-of-kidnapping-and-torturing-people-during-the-yemeni-conflict.md) _Context: Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, United Arab Emirates, Yemeni conflict_
7. [An air raid kills at least 24 civilians at a market in Houthi-held Saada Governorate, Yemen. ](/news/2017/06/18/an-air-raid-kills-at-least-24-civilians-at-a-market-in-houthi-held-saada-governorate-yemen.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
8. [A Houthi missile attack on a Yemeni military camp near the port city of Mocha  kills Major General Ahmed Saif al-Yafei, Yemen's deputy chief of staff, and several others. ](/news/2017/02/22/a-houthi-missile-attack-on-a-yemeni-military-camp-near-the-port-city-of-mocha-kills-major-general-ahmed-saif-al-yafei-yemen-s-deputy-chief.md) _Context: Houthi, Yemen, Yemeni conflict_
9. [An air raid on a funeral in a village north of Sana'a kills at least eight women and children. The Houthis blames the Saudi-led coalition for the attack. ](/news/2017/02/16/an-air-raid-on-a-funeral-in-a-village-north-of-sana-a-kills-at-least-eight-women-and-children-the-houthis-blames-the-saudi-led-coalition-fo.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemeni conflict_
10. [A helicopter from the Saudi-led coalition bombs a vehicle outside Aden International Airport, wounding at least three Yemeni soldiers. ](/news/2017/02/12/a-helicopter-from-the-saudi-led-coalition-bombs-a-vehicle-outside-aden-international-airport-wounding-at-least-three-yemeni-soldiers.md) _Context: Aden International Airport, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemeni conflict_
