### [2006-07-14](/news/2006/07/14/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains):. About 1500 of Palestinian people cross the Gaza-Egypt border after Palestinian militants attack Egyptian policemen stationed at Rafah border terminal, blowing a hole in the wall near it. 

Gunmen blow a hole in wall on Gaza-Egypt border, allowing Palestinians to enter Strip


### Source:

1. [AL-JAZEERA](http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/7519DF56-D356-4E1B-971C-EEF17C65027A.htm)
2. [Associated Press](http://www.breitbart.com/news/2006/07/14/D8IRROQOD.html)
3. [BBC NEWS](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/5181520.stm)
4. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/5179382.stm)
5. [Getty](http://editorial.gettyimages.com/source/search/details_pop.aspx?iid=71441093)
6. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/738364.html)
7. [Ynet](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3275382,00.html)
8. [Ynet](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3275466,00.html)
9. [Ynet](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3275801,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli Airstrikes on Palestinian targets continue, with the Israel Defense Forces firing missiles in Gaza, knocking out the power supply to the East of the city, the Khan Yunis refugee camp and Rafah. Hamas had earlier declared an end to rocket attacks following pressure from the Palestinian National Authority and Egypt. ](/news/2005/09/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-targets-continue-with-the-israel-defense-forces-firing-missiles-in-gaza-k.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Rafah_
2. [Thousands of Palestinians cross the Rafah Border Crossing into the Gaza Strip following its opening by Egypt, but Egypt prevents hundreds of activists from entering and Hamas continues to refuse Red Cross visits for captured Israeli soldier, Gilad Shalit. ](/news/2010/06/12/thousands-of-palestinians-cross-the-rafah-border-crossing-into-the-gaza-strip-following-its-opening-by-egypt-but-egypt-prevents-hundreds-of.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip, Hamas, Palestinian_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains):. Israel rejects Hamas terms for a ceasefire - Palestinian PM Ismail Haniya calls for a ceasefire to end several days of fierce fighting in the Gaza Strip. Israel reiterates its demand to release the abducted soldier Gilad Shalit, and end Qassam rocket attacks on Israeli towns, for an immediate cease fire to take place. ](/news/2006/07/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-israel-rejects-hamas-terms-for-a-ceasefire-palestinian-pm-ismail-haniya-calls-for.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Operation Summer Rains_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains):. IDF raid three demolished Israeli settlements and one Palestinian neighbourhood in the northern Gaza Strip, to halt the daily firing of Qassam rockets at Israeli towns. One Israeli soldier, more than 20 Palestenian militants and one civilian are killed. ](/news/2006/07/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-idf-raid-three-demolished-israeli-settlements-and-one-palestinian-neighbourhood-in.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Operation Summer Rains, Palestinian_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains):. Israel's Prime Minister has allowed the IDF to expand its offensive in the Gaza Strip against the Hamas-controlled Palestinian government, in order to free the abducted soldier Gilad Shalit. ](/news/2006/07/5/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-israel-s-prime-minister-has-allowed-the-idf-to-expand-its-offensive-in-the-gaza-str.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Operation Summer Rains_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains):. The Israeli army has been accused of using Palestinian civilians as human shields in an operation in northern Gaza. According to the Israeli human rights group, B'tselem, six civilians including two minors were subjected to the illegal tactic during an incursion into the town of Beit Hanoun last week. ](/news/2006/07/25/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-the-israeli-army-has-been-accused-of-using-palestinian-civilians-as-human-shields-i.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Operation Summer Rains, Palestinian_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains):. Hamas militants launch ten Qassam rockets against Sderot and Ashkelon, causing damage in residential areas but no casualties. Israel Air Force strikes kill five militants and one civilian in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2006/07/16/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-hamas-militants-launch-ten-qassam-rockets-against-sderot-and-ashkelon-causing-dama.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Operation Summer Rains_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains):. Two Hamas militants killed in two Israeli air strikes in the Gaza Strip, one of them on a house in Gaza city. ](/news/2006/07/15/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-two-hamas-militants-killed-in-two-israeli-air-strikes-in-the-gaza-strip-one-of-the.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Operation Summer Rains_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict:. The Israeli Defense Force launches Operation First Rain, a series of air strikes on Palestinian targets in the Gaza Strip, including an alleged Hamas weapons factory and a children's school. According to Israel the operation's goal is to stop shelling of southern Israeli towns and villages by Palestinian militants, though several civilians have been injured, including an infant. At least 200 Palestinians have been arrested in overnight IDF raids in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/25/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-israeli-defense-force-launches-operation-first-rain-a-series-of-air-strikes-on-palestinian-targets-in-t.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
10. [ According to witnesses, the Egyptian border patrol police opened fire at crowds swarming the Egypt-Gaza border at Rafah, killing a Palestinian man and injuring another. An Egyptian spokesman later denied that Egyptian troops fired the shots that killed the man. ](/news/2005/09/12/according-to-witnesses-the-egyptian-border-patrol-police-opened-fire-at-crowds-swarming-the-egypt-gaza-border-at-rafah-killing-a-palestin.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip, Palestinian, Rafah_
