### [2006-07-14](/news/2006/07/14/index.md)

#  The trial of seven former Bosnian Serb officers for alleged involvement in the Srebrenica massacre begins at The Hague war crimes tribunal. Five of the seven standing trial face genocide charges, as well as crimes against humanity. The trial is the largest yet staged at The Hague. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/5179040.stm)

### Related:

1. [The trial of former Bosnian Serb Army Colonel General Ratko Mladic starts in the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2012/05/16/the-trial-of-former-bosnian-serb-army-colonel-general-ratko-mladia-starts-in-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia.md) _Context: Bosnian Serb, International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, The Hague_
2. [Former Bosnian Serb Colonel General Ratko Mladic is scheduled to enter a plea on charges of genocide in the Srebrenica massacre during the Bosnian war at a United Nations war crimes court. ](/news/2011/07/4/former-bosnian-serb-colonel-general-ratko-mladia-is-scheduled-to-enter-a-plea-on-charges-of-genocide-in-the-srebrenica-massacre-during-the.md) _Context: Bosnian Serb, Srebrenica massacre, genocide_
3. [Serbia's war crimes court rejects an appeal from former Bosnian Serb Colonel General Ratko Mladic against a transfer to a United Nations tribunal in The Hague to face genocide charges. ](/news/2011/05/31/serbia-s-war-crimes-court-rejects-an-appeal-from-former-bosnian-serb-colonel-general-ratko-mladia-against-a-transfer-to-a-united-nations-tr.md) _Context: Bosnian Serb, The Hague, genocide_
4. [The trial of former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic resumes at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2010/09/27/the-trial-of-former-bosnian-serb-leader-radovan-karada3-4ia-resumes-at-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-in-the-h.md) _Context: Bosnian Serb, International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, The Hague_
5. [Vujadin Popovic and Ljubisa Beara, former high-ranking officers of the Bosnian Serb army, are found guilty of genocide and sentenced to life imprisonment for their roles in the 1995 Srebrenica massacre, the harshest judgment ever delivered by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia. ](/news/2010/06/10/vujadin-popovia-and-ljubia-a-beara-former-high-ranking-officers-of-the-bosnian-serb-army-are-found-guilty-of-genocide-and-sentenced-to-li.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Srebrenica massacre, genocide_
6. [ Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic is flown to The Hague to face a trial in the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia. ](/news/2008/07/30/bosnian-serb-leader-radovan-karada3-4ia-is-flown-to-the-hague-to-face-a-trial-in-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslav.md) _Context: Bosnian Serb, International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, The Hague_
7. [ Former Bosnian Serb Army General Ratko Mladic, wanted by the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia in The Hague in connection with the massacre of 8,000 men and boys on July 11, 1995, in Srebrenica, has been reported by Belgrade's Studio B TV to have been arrested. The Serbian government has denied the capture, decrying the report as "manipulation which damages the government". ](/news/2006/02/21/former-bosnian-serb-army-general-ratko-mladia-wanted-by-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-in-the-hague-in-con.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Srebrenica massacre, The Hague_
8. [ Bosnian Serb officer Vujadin Popovic, accused of complicity in Srebrenica massacre in 1995, pleads not guilty in the Hague. He surrendered to the ICTY on 14 April. ](/news/2005/04/18/bosnian-serb-officer-vujadin-popovia-accused-of-complicity-in-srebrenica-massacre-in-1995-pleads-not-guilty-in-the-hague-he-surrendered.md) _Context: Bosnian Serb, International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Srebrenica massacre_
9. [ Serbian government states that Bosnian Serb general Vinko Pandurevic will surrender to war crimes tribunal at the Hague. He is charged with genocide connected to Srebrenica massacre in 1995 ](/news/2005/03/20/serbian-government-states-that-bosnian-serb-general-vinko-pandurevia-will-surrender-to-war-crimes-tribunal-at-the-hague-he-is-charged-wit.md) _Context: Srebrenica massacre, The Hague, genocide_
10. [Former Bosnian Serb President Biljana Plavsic pled guilty to one count of crimes against humanity at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in The Hague for her part in atrocities against Bosnian Muslims and Croats during the 1992-95 Bosnian War. ](/news/2002/12/16/former-bosnian-serb-president-biljana-plava-ia-pled-guilty-to-one-count-of-crimes-against-humanity-at-the-international-criminal-tribunal-f.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, The Hague, crimes against humanity_
