### [2009-08-12](/news/2009/08/12/index.md)

#  Lubna al-Hussein, the Sudanese woman facing forty lashes for wearing trousers in public, is prevented from leaving the country for a trip to Lebanon, where she was to take part in a televised talk-show about women's issues. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/8197113.stm)
2. [IOL](http://www.int.iol.co.za/index.php?set_id=1&click_id=136&art_id=nw20090812001200492C146837)

### Related:

1. [ Sudanese journalist Lubna al-Hussein is freed from one day in jail after being prosecuted for wearing trousers &ndash; the fine was paid by the Journalist Union. ](/news/2009/09/8/sudanese-journalist-lubna-al-hussein-is-freed-from-one-day-in-jail-after-being-prosecuted-for-wearing-trousers-ndash-the-fine-was-paid-by.md) _Context: Lubna al-Hussein, Sudan_
2. [ Sudanese activist Lubna al-Hussein is  found guilty of breaching Sudanese criminal law by wearing trousers, but is fined instead of being sentenced to flogging due to international concern over the trial. She has stated she will not pay and instead face a month in jail. ](/news/2009/09/7/sudanese-activist-lubna-al-hussein-is-found-guilty-of-breaching-sudanese-criminal-law-by-wearing-trousers-but-is-fined-instead-of-being-s.md) _Context: Lubna al-Hussein, Sudan_
3. [ Egypt's top Islamic authority, Grand Mufti Ali Gomaa, defends women's rights to wear trousers in public following the high-profile court case in neighbouring Sudan where women, including Lubna al-Hussein, were flogged for dressing in the garments. ](/news/2009/09/17/egypt-s-top-islamic-authority-grand-mufti-ali-gomaa-defends-women-s-rights-to-wear-trousers-in-public-following-the-high-profile-court-ca.md) _Context: Lubna al-Hussein, Sudan_
4. [ Police fire teargas at protesters rallying in support of Lubna al-Hussein, the Sudanese woman facing 40 lashes for wearing trousers in public. ](/news/2009/08/5/police-fire-teargas-at-protesters-rallying-in-support-of-lubna-al-hussein-the-sudanese-woman-facing-40-lashes-for-wearing-trousers-in-publ.md) _Context: Lubna al-Hussein, Sudan_
5. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Lebanon_
6. [The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-israeli-air-force-launches-several-airstrikes-on-targets-inside-syria-and-for-the-first-time-publicly-claims-responsibility-syrian-ai.md) _Context: Lebanon_
7. [Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir names Vice President Bakri Hassan Saleh as Prime Minister of Sudan, the first person to hold the post since it was abolished following the 1989 Sudanese coup d'etat. ](/news/2017/03/1/sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-names-vice-president-bakri-hassan-saleh-as-prime-minister-of-sudan-the-first-person-to-hold-the-post-sinc.md) _Context: Sudan_
8. [Travelers from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, and Yemen are blocked from entering the United States as the executive order takes effect. ](/news/2017/01/28/travelers-from-iran-iraq-libya-somalia-sudan-syria-and-yemen-are-blocked-from-entering-the-united-states-as-the-executive-order-takes.md) _Context: Sudan_
9. [President Trump signs an executive order limiting refugees and immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries, including Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. The order also prioritizes the vetting of Christian refugees of the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2017/01/27/president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-limiting-refugees-and-immigration-from-seven-muslim-majority-countries-including-iran-iraq-libya.md) _Context: Sudan_
10. [President of the United States Barack Obama signs an order to ease sanctions against Sudan, citing the country's efforts to "reduce internal conflict, improve humanitarian access to people requiring aid and curtail terrorism". ](/news/2017/01/13/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-signs-an-order-to-ease-sanctions-against-sudan-citing-the-country-s-efforts-to-reduce-internal.md) _Context: Sudan_
