### [2000-07-10](/news/2000/07/10/index.md)

# Bashar al-Assad is confirmed as Syria's leader in a national referendum following the death of his father, Hafez al-Assad.




### Related:

1. [People on banknotes: The Central Bank of Syria announces a new 2,000 Syrian lira (pound) bank note that will feature a portrait of President Bashar al-Assad, the President's first appearance on Syrian currency during his 17-years in office. ](/news/2017/07/2/people-on-banknotes-the-central-bank-of-syria-announces-a-new-2-000-syrian-lira-pound-bank-note-that-will-feature-a-portrait-of-president.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad_
2. [Politics of Syria: In the first declared visit to the town since the beginning of the war, President Bashar al-Assad attends the Eid al-Fitr prayer in Hama. ](/news/2017/06/25/politics-of-syria-in-the-first-declared-visit-to-the-town-since-the-beginning-of-the-war-president-bashar-al-assad-attends-the-eid-al-fitr.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad_
3. [Syrian Civil War: Israeli Minister of Construction Yoav Galant states that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should be assassinated. Yesterday, the United States Department of State accused the al-Assad government of using a crematory at Sednaya Prison to cover up the mass murders of thousands of political prisoners. The Syrian government denies the accusations. ](/news/2017/05/16/syrian-civil-war-israeli-minister-of-construction-yoav-galant-states-that-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-should-be-assassinated-yesterda.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad_
4. [United States Secretary of State Rex Tillerson says he thinks the longer term status of president Bashar al-Assad is to be "decided by the Syrian people". This appears as a policy shift, since under president Barack Obama-s administration, the United States made the departure of Assad a key policy aim. ](/news/2017/03/30/united-states-secretary-of-state-rex-tillerson-says-he-thinks-the-longer-term-status-of-president-bashar-al-assad-is-to-be-decided-by-the-s.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad_
5. [March 2017 Israel-Syria incident: In response to several Israeli airstrikes against suspected Hezbollah-related targets inside Syria, Syrian president Bashar al-Assad has threatened wider war with the State of Israel, stating its intention to fire Scud missiles, and specifically target the Israeli city of Haifa. Israel responded by stating that any such actions by the Assad regime, or attacks on its aircraft, will cause Israel to "annihilate" Syrian air defense systems. ](/news/2017/03/25/march-2017-israel-syria-incident-in-response-to-several-israeli-airstrikes-against-suspected-hezbollah-related-targets-inside-syria-syri.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad_
6. [Syrian Civil War: Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/syrian-civil-war-russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-u.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad_
7. [Syrian Civil War: The Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons says, for the first time, that they suspect Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and other senior officials of the Syrian government are responsible for the use of chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/01/13/syrian-civil-war-the-organisation-for-the-prohibition-of-chemical-weapons-says-for-the-first-time-that-they-suspect-syrian-president-bash.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad_
8. [ CHP MP Ozturk Yilmaz says Turkey has expressed its readiness to work with president Assad of Syria. ](/news/2016/12/26/chp-mp-azta1-4rk-ya-lmaz-says-turkey-has-expressed-its-readiness-to-work-with-president-assad-of-syria.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad_
9. [ A group of German lawyers files a criminal complaint in Berlin against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad for alleged war crimes committed by his forces and foreign allies during the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2016/11/28/a-group-of-german-lawyers-files-a-criminal-complaint-in-berlin-against-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-for-alleged-war-crimes-committed-by.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad_
10. [Syrian Civil War: 2016 Deir ez-Zor massacre: At least 75 Syrian Army soldiers and pro-Assad militiamen are killed following a multi-front attack on the eastern Syrian city of Deir ez-Zor by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant forces. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports ISIL fighters had advanced into the northern tip of Deir ez-Zor city, and captured the suburb of Al-Baghaliyeh. The pro-government Syrian Arab News Agency (SANA) reports that government forces had repelled an attack on the city leaving dozens of militants dead. ](/news/2016/01/16/syrian-civil-war-2016-deir-ez-zor-massacre-at-least-75-syrian-army-soldiers-and-pro-assad-militiamen-are-killed-following-a-multi-front-at.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad_
