### [2010-05-10](/news/2010/05/10/index.md)

# A mass grave containing the bodies of 250 ethnic Albanians from the Kosovo War is discovered in Serbia. 




### Source:

1. [AFP](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5jtC9yjJMhDyNSbq9rg_vBPwpZDWg)
2. [B92](http://www.b92.net/eng/news/crimes-article.php?yyyy=2010&mm=05&dd=10&nav_id=67031)
3. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/news/world/2010-05-10-kosovo-mass-grave_N.htm)

### Related:

1. [Serbia says it protects a witness of organ harvesting on Serbian prisoners of the Kosovo War. ](/news/2012/09/9/serbia-says-it-protects-a-witness-of-organ-harvesting-on-serbian-prisoners-of-the-kosovo-war.md) _Context: Kosovo War, Serbia_
2. [ The Serbian minister for Kosovo claims that his government has information that the province's Albanian leadership will declare independence on February 17. ](/news/2008/02/8/the-serbian-minister-for-kosovo-claims-that-his-government-has-information-that-the-province-s-albanian-leadership-will-declare-independenc.md) _Context: Albanians, Serbia_
3. [ Unrest in Kosovo: NATO announces that it will reinforce its Kosovo Force, following ethnic unrest there that has killed at least 31 people over the past two days. More Serbian Orthodox Churches have been set ablaze by Albanians and violence has continued in and around Kosovo Serb enclaves. Russia and Serbia and Montenegro call for an urgent meeting of the UN Security Council. United Nations officials attempt to restore order in the province and blame the unrest on nationalist extremists on both sides. More demonstrations have taken place across Serbia, so far without the violence seen the previous day. ](/news/2004/03/18/unrest-in-kosovo-nato-announces-that-it-will-reinforce-its-kosovo-force-following-ethnic-unrest-there-that-has-killed-at-least-31-people.md) _Context: Albanians, Serbia_
4. [ Unrest in Kosovo: After two Albanian children are found drowned in the Ibar river in Kosovo, with a third still missing, riots erupt in the town of Kosovska Mitrovica and later spread to the entire province. Mitrovica Serbs are blamed by Albanian media for forcing the children into the river, but this is later denied by United Nations officials. At least 22 people are killed by the end of the day with hundreds injured in clashes between Serbs and Albanians; enclaves of Kosovo Serbs elsewhere in the province experience attacks by Kosovo Albanians as well as offices of UN officials which were abandoned. In reaction to the violence in Kosovo, demonstrators in Serbia march in Belgrade and set ablaze mosques in Belgrade and Nish. ](/news/2004/03/17/unrest-in-kosovo-after-two-albanian-children-are-found-drowned-in-the-ibar-river-in-kosovo-with-a-third-still-missing-riots-erupt-in-the.md) _Context: Albanians, Serbia_
5. [Serbian president Aleksandar Vucic nominates Ana Brnabic as the next Prime Minister of Serbia. If confirmed by the National Assembly, Brnabic will become Serbia's first female and lesbian Prime Minister. ](/news/2017/06/15/serbian-president-aleksandar-vuaia-nominates-ana-brnabia-as-the-next-prime-minister-of-serbia-if-confirmed-by-the-national-assembly-brn.md) _Context: Serbia_
6. [Voters in Serbia go to the polls for an election, which Prime Minster Aleksandar Vucic of the conservative Serbian Progressive Party is expected to win. In projections, Vucic gets around 55% of the votes, avoiding a second round. ](/news/2017/04/2/voters-in-serbia-go-to-the-polls-for-an-election-which-prime-minster-aleksandar-vuaia-of-the-conservative-serbian-progressive-party-is-ex.md) _Context: Serbia_
7. [Serbian President Tomislav Nikolic accuses Kosovo of "seeking a war" after a train, en route to the Serb-majority city of Mitrovica in North Kosovo, and decorated in Serbian national colors and the words ""Kosovo je Srbija"" (Kosovo is Serbia), was prevented from crossing the Kosovan border. The Prime Minister of Kosovo Isa Mustafa says the train had been stopped "to protect the country's sovereignty". ](/news/2017/01/15/serbian-president-tomislav-nikolia-accuses-kosovo-of-seeking-a-war-after-a-train-en-route-to-the-serb-majority-city-of-mitrovica-in-nort.md) _Context: Serbia_
8. [A lone gunman opened fire at a cafe in Zitiste, Serbia, killing five people and injuring 20 more. The perpetrator was arrested shortly afterward while attempting to flee the scene. ](/news/2016/07/2/a-lone-gunman-opened-fire-at-a-cafa-c-in-a1-2itia-te-serbia-killing-five-people-and-injuring-20-more-the-perpetrator-was-arrested-shortly-af.md) _Context: Serbia_
9. [Five people, all foreign holidaymakers, are killed and 23 are injured when their bus swerves off a highway en route to Belgrade, Serbia. ](/news/2016/06/21/five-people-all-foreign-holidaymakers-are-killed-and-23-are-injured-when-their-bus-swerves-off-a-highway-en-route-to-belgrade-serbia.md) _Context: Serbia_
10. [Serbians elect a new parliament under the backdrop of its accession to the European Union. Preliminary results indicate the incumbent, pro-EU populists sweeping the election. ](/news/2016/04/24/serbians-elect-a-new-parliament-under-the-backdrop-of-its-accession-to-the-european-union-preliminary-results-indicate-the-incumbent-pro-e.md) _Context: Serbia_
