### [2010-05-10](/news/2010/05/10/index.md)

# Iraqi insurgents kill 102 and injure over 200 people, mostly Iraqi civilians, in a series of suicide bombings from Mosul to Basra in Iraq, the highest number in one day this year, and jeopardizing a planned US withdrawal. 




### Source:

1. [The Times](http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/world/iraq/article7122359.ece)

### Related:

1. [ Iraqi insurgency: Soldiers from the British Army storm a police headquarters in Basra, Iraq, arresting allegedly corrupt officers, transferring prisoners thought to have been subject to torture, and demolishing the building. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/6208535.stm]](/news/2006/12/25/iraqi-insurgency-soldiers-from-the-british-army-storm-a-police-headquarters-in-basra-iraq-arresting-allegedly-corrupt-officers-transfer.md) _Context: Basra, Iraq, Iraqi insurgency_
2. [ Conflict in Iraq:. A US diplomat and three American security guards are killed following an insurgent Suicide car bomb attack in Mosul, northern Iraq. ](/news/2005/09/19/conflict-in-iraq-a-us-diplomat-and-three-american-security-guards-are-killed-following-an-insurgent-suicide-car-bomb-attack-in-mosul-nor.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi insurgency, Mosul_
3. [Battle of Mosul. The Iraqi army's chief of staff, Lt Gen Othman al-Ghanmi, states that his security forces are only days away from completing the operation to recapture Mosul from ISIL. ](/news/2017/05/11/battle-of-mosul-the-iraqi-army-s-chief-of-staff-lt-gen-othman-al-ghanmi-states-that-his-security-forces-are-only-days-away-from-completin.md) _Context: Iraq, Mosul_
4. [Battle of Mosul. The United Nations announces expansion of civilian camps for people fleeing Mosul, following resumption of airstrikes on ISIL-held portions of the Iraqi city. ](/news/2017/04/4/battle-of-mosul-the-united-nations-announces-expansion-of-civilian-camps-for-people-fleeing-mosul-following-resumption-of-airstrikes-on-is.md) _Context: Iraq, Mosul_
5. [Battle of Mosul. Thousands of Iraqis flee western Mosul as the battle between Iraqi and allied forces and ISIL militants escalates in the densely populated Old City. ](/news/2017/03/18/battle-of-mosul-thousands-of-iraqis-flee-western-mosul-as-the-battle-between-iraqi-and-allied-forces-and-isil-militants-escalates-in-the-de.md) _Context: Iraq, Mosul_
6. [Spillover of the Syrian Civil War. Jordan declares its borders with Syria and Iraq are to be closed military zones following yesterday's suicide bomb attack in Rukban, Mafraq Governorate, that killed six soldiers. ](/news/2016/06/22/spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-jordan-declares-its-borders-with-syria-and-iraq-are-to-be-closed-military-zones-following-yesterday-s-sui.md) _Context: Iraq, suicide bombing_
7. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). A suicide bomber kills at least 60 people and wounds 70 others after ramming his explosives-laden truck into a security checkpoint at one of the entrances to the Iraqi city of Hillah, south of Baghdad. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/03/6/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-60-people-and-wounds-70-others-after-ramming-his-explosives-laden-truck-in.md) _Context: Iraq, suicide bombing_
8. [U.S. Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Joseph Dunford makes a proposal to President Barack Obama to increase the number of American troops in Iraq, so as to help the Iraqi Army with advisors closer to the front lines and to recapture Mosul, which fell to ISIL in June 2014. ](/news/2016/03/26/u-s-chairman-of-the-joint-chiefs-of-staff-joseph-dunford-makes-a-proposal-to-president-barack-obama-to-increase-the-number-of-american-troo.md) _Context: Iraq, Mosul_
9. [Iraqi engineers warn that the Mosul Dam could collapse at anytime, resulting in a catastrophic flash flood that could kill up to one million people along the Tigris, with the major Iraqi cites of Mosul, Tikrit, Samarra and Baghdad all at risk. The U.S. embassy in Baghdad has urged American citizens to leave the area. ](/news/2016/03/2/iraqi-engineers-warn-that-the-mosul-dam-could-collapse-at-anytime-resulting-in-a-catastrophic-flash-flood-that-could-kill-up-to-one-million.md) _Context: Iraq, Mosul_
10. [Iraqi Civil War. Military intervention against ISIL. Iraqi authorities are searching for 10 grams of iridium-192, a radioactive material stolen from a Weatherford International oilfield services facility near Basra in November 2015. Authorities are concerned about its potential use by Islamic State, or the like, to develop a dirty bomb weapon. ](/news/2016/02/17/iraqi-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-iraqi-authorities-are-searching-for-10-grams-of-iridium-192-a-radioactive-material-sto.md) _Context: Basra, Iraq_
