### [2010-05-10](/news/2010/05/10/index.md)

# Severe rainstorms have killed at least 70 people since a powerful tornado hit Chongqing municipality in south-western China in Dianjiang and Liangping counties. Inclement weather in the next two days will affect Guangdong, Fujian, Hunan, Jiangxi, Zhejiang, Guizhou and Yunnan provinces. 




### Source:

1. [Sina](http://english.sina.com/china/2010/0509/318654.html)

### Related:

1. [A powerful tornado hits Chongqing municipality in south-western China, killing at least 25 and injuring more than 160 people in Dianjiang and Liangping counties. ](/news/2010/05/6/a-powerful-tornado-hits-chongqing-municipality-in-south-western-china-killing-at-least-25-and-injuring-more-than-160-people-in-dianjiang-an.md) _Context: Chongqing, Dianjiang, Liangping, southwest China, tornado_
2. [ Flooding in the southern Chinese provinces of Guangdong, Guangxi, Guizhou, Hunan, Fujian, and Jiangxi damage agricultural land and crops, kill 66 people, and force 600,000 people from their homes. ](/news/2007/06/11/flooding-in-the-southern-chinese-provinces-of-guangdong-guangxi-guizhou-hunan-fujian-and-jiangxi-damage-agricultural-land-and-crops-k.md) _Context: Fujian, Guangdong, Guizhou, Hunan, Jiangxi_
3. [ Heavy rainstorm and major flooding continues in the South China region. Millions of people are affected in Anhui, Hunan, Jiangxi, Fujian and Guangdong. Tens of thousands of victims of the 2008 Sichuan earthquake are evacuated due to heavy rains as 65 people are dead or missing with flood warnings on the Yangtze River and Pearl River amongst other rivers. ](/news/2008/06/16/heavy-rainstorm-and-major-flooding-continues-in-the-south-china-region-millions-of-people-are-affected-in-anhui-hunan-jiangxi-fujian-an.md) _Context: Fujian, Guangdong, Hunan, Jiangxi_
4. [Wu Yingjie becomes the Communist Party Secretary of the Tibet Autonomous Region, replacing Chen Quanguo, who will assume another post.Chen Hao becomes Communist Party Secretary of Yunnan, replacing Li Jiheng, who will assume another post.Du Jiahao becomes Communist Party Secretary of Hunan, replacing Xu Shousheng. ](/news/2016/08/28/wu-yingjie-becomes-the-communist-party-secretary-of-the-tibet-autonomous-region-replacing-chen-quanguo-who-will-assume-another-post-chen-h.md) _Context: Hunan, Yunnan_
5. [Tropical Storm Meranti is forecast to bring heavy rains to Fujian, Guangdong, Guangxi and Hainan provinces in the People's Republic of China, as well as in Taiwan. ](/news/2010/09/9/tropical-storm-meranti-is-forecast-to-bring-heavy-rains-to-fujian-guangdong-guangxi-and-hainan-provinces-in-the-people-s-republic-of-china.md) _Context: Fujian, Guangdong_
6. [Rescuers have recovered eight bodies from the ruins of a southwest China village, two days after a devastating rain-triggered landslide destroyed 37 houses and buried 99 villagers under mud. 91 residents of Dazhai Village, Guanling County, Guizhou Province, remained missing. ](/news/2010/06/30/rescuers-have-recovered-eight-bodies-from-the-ruins-of-a-southwest-china-village-two-days-after-a-devastating-rain-triggered-landslide-dest.md) _Context: Guizhou, southwest China_
7. [ In another regional leadership reshuffle following the 17th Party Congress in the People's Republic of China, Minister of Commerce Bo Xilai is appointed the CPC Chongqing Committee Secretary, replacing Wang Yang, who is now Party Secretary in Guangdong. Zhang Dejiang resigns from his posts in Guangdong. ](/news/2007/12/1/in-another-regional-leadership-reshuffle-following-the-17th-party-congress-in-the-people-s-republic-of-china-minister-of-commerce-bo-xilai.md) _Context: Chongqing, Guangdong_
8. [ Typhoon Krosa moves towards China's southern Zhejiang and northern Fujian provinces. ](/news/2007/10/7/typhoon-krosa-moves-towards-china-s-southern-zhejiang-and-northern-fujian-provinces.md) _Context: Fujian, Zhejiang_
9. [ As China struggles to deal with flooding in the provinces of Sichuan, Guizhou, Anhui, Hubei, and Jiangsu, the city of Chongqing is hit with the largest rainstorm in the city's meteorological records, killing 32. 12 people are reported missing. The city's transportation network has been shut down completely. ](/news/2007/07/18/as-china-struggles-to-deal-with-flooding-in-the-provinces-of-sichuan-guizhou-anhui-hubei-and-jiangsu-the-city-of-chongqing-is-hit-with.md) _Context: Chongqing, Guizhou_
10. [ Typhoon Kaemi hits Taiwan with 119 kilometre winds, injuring four people. The landfall in Jinjiang, Fujian 4 hours later prompts the evacuation of more than 500,000 residents in Fujian and Zhejiang, where Typhoon Bilis claimed 612 lives. ](/news/2006/07/25/typhoon-kaemi-hits-taiwan-with-119-kilometre-winds-injuring-four-people-the-landfall-in-jinjiang-fujian-4-hours-later-prompts-the-evacua.md) _Context: Fujian, Zhejiang_
