### [2001-01-17](/news/2001/01/17/index.md)

#  Impeachment proceedings against Philippine President Joseph Estrada, accused of playing Jueteng, end preeminently and trigger the second EDSA People Power Revolution or People Power II. His Vice-President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo succeeds him as the 14th President of the Republic.




### Related:

1. [Former Philippines president and current mayor of Manila Joseph Estrada is hospitalized for pneumonia. ](/news/2016/12/23/former-philippines-president-and-current-mayor-of-manila-joseph-estrada-is-hospitalized-for-pneumonia.md) _Context: Joseph Estrada, Philippines_
2. [Celebrity British lawyer Amal Clooney files a case in the United Nations on behalf of former Philippines President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo. ](/news/2015/03/9/celebrity-british-lawyer-amal-clooney-files-a-case-in-the-united-nations-on-behalf-of-former-philippines-president-gloria-macapagal-arroyo.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, Philippines_
3. [Former Philippine First Lady Imelda Marcos visits the detained ex-President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo and criticizes the current President Benigno Aquino III as "cruel, unjust". ](/news/2014/01/23/former-philippine-first-lady-imelda-marcos-visits-the-detained-ex-president-gloria-macapagal-arroyo-and-criticizes-the-current-president-ben.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, Philippines_
4. [Former Philippine President Joseph Estrada visits former President Gloria Arroyo in the hospital where she is currently detained. ](/news/2013/12/23/former-philippine-president-joseph-estrada-visits-former-president-gloria-arroyo-in-the-hospital-where-she-is-currently-detained.md) _Context: Joseph Estrada, Philippines_
5. [Former President of the Philippines Joseph Estrada is sworn-in as the newly elected Mayor of Manila, the nation's capital. ](/news/2013/06/30/former-president-of-the-philippines-joseph-estrada-is-sworn-in-as-the-newly-elected-mayor-of-manila-the-nation-s-capital.md) _Context: Joseph Estrada, Philippines_
6. [Noynoy Aquino is elected as President of the Philippines in the Philippines presidential election, taking 42% of the vote, about 16 percentage points more than second-place Joseph Estrada. ](/news/2010/06/8/noynoy-aquino-is-elected-as-president-of-the-philippines-in-the-philippines-presidential-election-taking-42-of-the-vote-about-16-percenta.md) _Context: Joseph Estrada, Philippines_
7. [Andal Ampatuan Jr., former ally of President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo, and 196 other people are charged with murder in the Philippines, in connection with the Maguindanao massacre in November 2009. ](/news/2010/02/9/andal-ampatuan-jr-former-ally-of-president-gloria-macapagal-arroyo-and-196-other-people-are-charged-with-murder-in-the-philippines-in-co.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, Philippines_
8. [ Philippine police name a political ally of President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo as prime suspect in the Maguindanao massacre. ](/news/2009/11/25/philippine-police-name-a-political-ally-of-president-gloria-macapagal-arroyo-as-prime-suspect-in-the-maguindanao-massacre.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, Philippines_
9. [ Philippine President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo declares a state of emergency in the entire Maguindanao province in southern Philippines following the bloodiest election-related massacre in Philippine history which left at least 40 people dead, including a local politician and about a dozen journalists. ](/news/2009/11/24/philippine-president-gloria-macapagal-arroyo-declares-a-state-of-emergency-in-the-entire-maguindanao-province-in-southern-philippines-follo.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, Philippines_
10. [ Philippine President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo pardons the 10 remaining convicted murderers involved in the assassination of politician Benigno Aquino, Jr. ](/news/2009/03/5/philippine-president-gloria-macapagal-arroyo-pardons-the-10-remaining-convicted-murderers-involved-in-the-assassination-of-politician-benig.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, Philippines_
