### [2011-11-10](/news/2011/11/10/index.md)

# British Home Secretary Theresa May bans the Islamic extremist group Muslims Against Crusades, which planned to repeat a poppy-burning demonstration held on Remembrance Day in 2010. 

Home Secretary Theresa May is banning Muslims Against Crusades, a group planning an anti-Armistice Day protest.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-15678275)

### Related:

1. [Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 2016: Conservative Party members of parliament vote in a second ballot to choose the next leader of the party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron. The Home Secretary Theresa May secured the highest number votes with 199, while Department of Energy and Climate Change minister Andrea Leadsom received the second highest amount, with 84. The Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove received just 46 votes and is eliminated from the race, meaning a run-off contest will now take place between May and Leadsom, with the result to be announced on September 9. ](/news/2016/07/7/conservative-party-uk-leadership-election-2016-conservative-party-members-of-parliament-vote-in-a-second-ballot-to-choose-the-next-leade.md) _Context: Home Secretary, Theresa May_
2. [Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 2016: Home Secretary Theresa May gets 165 votes after the first ballot of Conservative members of parliament to select a new Leader and the next Prime Minister. Her nearest rival, Minister of State for Energy Andrea Leadsom, picked up 66 votes. Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove won 48 votes, and Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Stephen Crabb got 34 votes. Former Secretary of State for Defence Liam Fox is eliminated from consideration as he received just 16. Later, Crabb pulled out of the race and endorsed front-runner Theresa May. Fox also endorsed May. ](/news/2016/07/5/conservative-party-uk-leadership-election-2016-home-secretary-theresa-may-gets-165-votes-after-the-first-ballot-of-conservative-members.md) _Context: Home Secretary, Theresa May_
3. [Formation of the May ministry: The new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Theresa May begins forming her ministry following the end of the Second Cameron ministry. The former Mayor of London Boris Johnson is appointed Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, Philip Hammond is appointed as Chancellor of the Exchequer, Amber Rudd is appointed Home Secretary filling Theresa May's former position, Liam Fox is appointed as Secretary of State for International Trade and David Davis is appointed as minister for the newly created Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union. ](/news/2016/07/13/formation-of-the-may-ministry-the-new-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-theresa-may-begins-forming-her-ministry-following-the-end-of-the.md) _Context: Home Secretary, Theresa May_
4. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:: On Victory Day, the Ukrainian Institute of National Memory calls on Ukrainians to replace the ribbon of Saint George with a red poppy flower, a symbol that is used in Commonwealth countries on Remembrance Day. ](/news/2014/05/9/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-on-victory-day-the-ukrainian-institute-of-national-memory-calls-on-ukrainians-to-replace-the-ribbon-of.md) _Context: Remembrance Day, symbol_
5. [The British computer hacker Gary McKinnon wins his ten-year legal battle to avoid extradition to the United States after Home Secretary Theresa May tells the House of Commons she has blocked the order. ](/news/2012/10/16/the-british-computer-hacker-gary-mckinnon-wins-his-ten-year-legal-battle-to-avoid-extradition-to-the-united-states-after-home-secretary-ther.md) _Context: Home Secretary, Theresa May_
6. [UK Home Secretary Theresa May announces plans to introduce new laws to jail parents who force their children into arranged marriages. ](/news/2012/06/8/uk-home-secretary-theresa-may-announces-plans-to-introduce-new-laws-to-jail-parents-who-force-their-children-into-arranged-marriages.md) _Context: Home Secretary, Theresa May_
7. [In the United Kingdom, Home Secretary Theresa May announces plans to split the UK Border Agency into two separate organisations after revelations that hundreds of thousands of people were let into the country without appropriate checks. ](/news/2012/02/20/in-the-united-kingdom-home-secretary-theresa-may-announces-plans-to-split-the-uk-border-agency-into-two-separate-organisations-after-revela.md) _Context: Home Secretary, Theresa May_
8. [Brodie Clark, head of the UK Border Agency, resigns after saying that comments made by Home Secretary Theresa May amounted to "constructive dismissal", and states that he will launch legal proceedings against the government. ](/news/2011/11/8/brodie-clark-head-of-the-uk-border-agency-resigns-after-saying-that-comments-made-by-home-secretary-theresa-may-amounted-to-constructive.md) _Context: Home Secretary, Theresa May_
9. [An inquiry is launched following claims identity checks on travellers entering the United Kingdom from outside Europe were scaled back during the summer. Home Secretary Theresa May tells the House of Commons she does not know how many entered the country without proper checks. ](/news/2011/11/7/an-inquiry-is-launched-following-claims-identity-checks-on-travellers-entering-the-united-kingdom-from-outside-europe-were-scaled-back-durin.md) _Context: Home Secretary, Theresa May_
10. [News International phone hacking scandal: British Home Secretary Theresa May will address MPs on Monday following revelations that the Metropolitan Police hired former "News of the World" deputy editor Neil Wallis to give PR advice. ](/news/2011/07/17/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-british-home-secretary-theresa-may-will-address-mps-on-monday-following-revelations-that-the-metro.md) _Context: Home Secretary, Theresa May_
