### [2011-11-10](/news/2011/11/10/index.md)

# Lucas Papademos is appointed interim prime minister of Greece's new unity government, and pledges to implement a European bailout package to help resolve the Greek government debt crisis. 

Lucas Papademos, a former vice president of the European Central Bank, will lead a government that has pledged to abide by the tough terms of a European aid package.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-15671354)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2011/11/10/world/europe/greece-main/index.html?hpt=ieu_c1)
3. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2011/11/11/world/europe/greek-leaders-resume-talks-on-interim-government.html?_r=1)

### Related:

1. [The new Greek prime minister, Lucas Papademos, wins a vote of confidence in Parliament, opening the way for his government of national unity to take the steps to restore financial stability in Greece. ](/news/2011/11/16/the-new-greek-prime-minister-lucas-papademos-wins-a-vote-of-confidence-in-parliament-opening-the-way-for-his-government-of-national-unity.md) _Context: Greek Prime Minister, Greek government-debt crisis, Lucas Papademos_
2. [Former Greek Prime Minister Lucas Papademos is injured when a booby-trapped package explodes inside his vehicle in Athens. Authorities report his injuries are not life threatening. ](/news/2017/05/25/former-greek-prime-minister-lucas-papademos-is-injured-when-a-booby-trapped-package-explodes-inside-his-vehicle-in-athens-authorities-repor.md) _Context: Greek Prime Minister, Lucas Papademos_
3. [Greek government-debt crisis: Greece demands an explanation from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) after an apparent leaked transcript suggested the IMF may threaten to pull out of the country's bailout as a tactic to force European lenders to offer more debt relief. Whistleblowing site WikiLeaks published what it said was the transcript of a March 19 conference call of three senior IMF officials discussing tactics to apply pressure on Greece, Germany and the EU to reach a deal in April. ](/news/2016/04/2/greek-government-debt-crisis-greece-demands-an-explanation-from-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-after-an-apparent-leaked-transcript-s.md) _Context: Greek, Greek government-debt crisis_
4. [Greek government-debt crisis: A new study shows Greece's six-year austerity program is even affecting prostitution. Gregory Laxos, a sociology professor at the Panteion University in Athens, told the "Times of London" the going rate for sex with a prostitute was 50 euros ($53) when the economic crisis began. Now, it-s fallen to as low as two euros ($2.12) for a 30-minute session, or to a cheese pie, a sandwich because they are hungry. ](/news/2015/11/27/greek-government-debt-crisis-a-new-study-shows-greece-s-six-year-austerity-program-is-even-affecting-prostitution-gregory-laxos-a-sociolo.md) _Context: Greek, Greek government-debt crisis_
5. [Greek government-debt crisis: Interim Prime Minister of Greece Vassiliki Thanou-Christophilou, the country's first female prime minister, was sworn in Thursday. The PM named her caretaker government cabinet that will oversee implementation of austerity measures required by the latest debt bailout with Eurogroup. Elections, required after Alexis Tsipras resigned last week, are scheduled for September 20, 2015, the third time Greeks will be going to the polls this year. ](/news/2015/08/28/greek-government-debt-crisis-interim-prime-minister-of-greece-vassiliki-thanou-christophilou-the-country-s-first-female-prime-minister-wa.md) _Context: Greek Prime Minister, Greek government-debt crisis_
6. [Greek government-debt crisis: The Bundestag votes to approve a third bailout for Greece. ](/news/2015/08/19/greek-government-debt-crisis-the-bundestag-votes-to-approve-a-third-bailout-for-greece.md) _Context: Greek, Greek government-debt crisis_
7. [Greek government-debt crisis: The Hellenic Parliament approves (with 222 yes votes) Prime Minister of Greece Alexis Tsipras's bailout package, despite opposition by almost one-third of his Syriza party. This third bailout plan is almost identical to the one rejected by the Greek people in the referendum. Tsipras will seek a vote of confidence following the country's August 20th payment to the European Central Bank. ](/news/2015/08/14/greek-government-debt-crisis-the-hellenic-parliament-approves-with-222-yes-votes-prime-minister-of-greece-alexis-tsipras-s-bailout-packag.md) _Context: Greek Prime Minister, Greek government-debt crisis_
8. [Greek government-debt crisis: Greece becomes the first advanced economy to miss a payment to the International Monetary Fund in the 71-year history of the IMF, unwinding decades of precedent and affecting consequences for the fund's future rescues. ](/news/2015/07/1/greek-government-debt-crisis-greece-becomes-the-first-advanced-economy-to-miss-a-payment-to-the-international-monetary-fund-in-the-71-year.md) _Context: Greek, Greek government-debt crisis_
9. [Greek government-debt crisis: The Greek bailout program by the European Union ends today with Greece failing to make a payment to the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2015/06/30/greek-government-debt-crisis-the-greek-bailout-program-by-the-european-union-ends-today-with-greece-failing-to-make-a-payment-to-the-intern.md) _Context: Greek, Greek government-debt crisis_
10. [Greek government-debt crisis: The BBC reports that the European Central Bank will cap lending to Greece's struggling banks, causing the run on the nation's banks to become even worse. Next week a referendum will be held about leaving the Euro currency. ](/news/2015/06/28/greek-government-debt-crisis-the-bbc-reports-that-the-european-central-bank-will-cap-lending-to-greece-s-struggling-banks-causing-the-run.md) _Context: Greek, Greek government-debt crisis_
