### [2011-11-10](/news/2011/11/10/index.md)

# Response to IAEA report on Iran's nuclear program:The supreme leader of Iran, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, condemns the incriminating International Atomic Energy Agency report about the Iranian nuclear program, and warns of harsh retaliation in response to a military attack against it.  

The remarks by Ayatollah Ali Khamenei come in the aftermath of incriminating U.N. report on the Iranian nuclear program.


### Source:

1. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/IranianThreat/News/Article.aspx?id=245019)
2. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2011/11/11/world/middleeast/irans-supreme-leader-attackers-risk-iron-fist.html?ref=internationalatomicenergyagency)

### Related:

1. [The International Atomic Energy Agency states that Iran has complied with its commitments under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, paving the way for international sanctions to be lifted by the United States and European Union. ](/news/2016/01/16/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-states-that-iran-has-complied-with-its-commitments-under-the-joint-comprehensive-plan-of-action-pavi.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, nuclear scientist_
2. [The International Atomic Energy Agency begins a new round of talks with Iran over their nuclear program. ](/news/2013/02/13/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-begins-a-new-round-of-talks-with-iran-over-their-nuclear-program.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, nuclear scientist_
3. [Yukiya Amano, the head of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), urges Iran to grant IAEA inspectors immediate access to its contentious suspected nuclear facility in Parchin. ](/news/2012/09/10/yukiya-amano-the-head-of-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-iaea-urges-iran-to-grant-iaea-inspectors-immediate-access-to-its-content.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, nuclear scientist_
4. [The International Atomic Energy Agency releases a report on the Nuclear program of Iran, stating that Iran has doubled its number of centrifuges at the Fordow facility and highlighting concern over the nuclear program. ](/news/2012/08/30/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-releases-a-report-on-the-nuclear-program-of-iran-stating-that-iran-has-doubled-its-number-of-centrif.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, nuclear scientist_
5. [Supreme Leader of Iran Ali Khamenei calls nuclear weapons and their use "an unforgivable sin" and defends Iran's right to use nuclear energy for medical and peaceful purposes. ](/news/2012/08/30/supreme-leader-of-iran-ali-khamenei-calls-nuclear-weapons-and-their-use-an-unforgivable-sin-and-defends-iran-s-right-to-use-nuclear-energy.md) _Context: Supreme Leader of Iran, nuclear scientist_
6. [Response to IAEA report on Iran's nuclear program:Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad says the International Atomic Energy Agency report is based on "empty claims" and that Iran would not budge from its nuclear program despite allegations it may be trying to develop nuclear weapons;  European countries and the US say they will consider fresh sanctions against Iran. ](/news/2011/11/9/response-to-iaea-report-on-iran-s-nuclear-program-piranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-says-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-report.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, nuclear scientist_
7. [The International Atomic Energy Agency releases a report that says that Iran has carried out activities relevant to the development of a nuclear device, and that the project may still be under way. ](/news/2011/11/8/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-releases-a-report-that-says-that-iran-has-carried-out-activities-relevant-to-the-development-of-a-nuc.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, nuclear scientist_
8. [Response to IAEA report on Iran's nuclear program:United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton demands that Iran respond soon to  the "serious concerns" raised by the International Atomic Energy Agency report that Iran appeared to be working on nuclear bomb technology. ](/news/2011/11/12/response-to-iaea-report-on-iran-s-nuclear-program-punited-states-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-demands-that-iran-respond-soon-to-the.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, nuclear scientist_
9. [Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, Supreme Leader of Iran, says that the 2011 Egyptian protests and Tunisian uprising are a result of "Islamic awareness". ](/news/2011/02/4/ayatollah-ali-khamenei-supreme-leader-of-iran-says-that-the-2011-egyptian-protests-and-tunisian-uprising-are-a-result-of-islamic-awarenes.md) _Context: Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, Supreme Leader of Iran_
10. [The Iranian government says the International Atomic Energy Agency spies on its nuclear program and reiterates its belief that the CIA, Mossad and MI6 murdered Majid Shahriari earlier this week. ](/news/2010/12/4/the-iranian-government-says-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-spies-on-its-nuclear-program-and-reiterates-its-belief-that-the-cia-moss.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, nuclear scientist_
