### [2011-11-10](/news/2011/11/10/index.md)

# The supreme leader of Iran, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, condemns the incriminating International Atomic Energy Agency report about the Iranian nuclear program, and warns of harsh retaliation in response to a military attack against it. 

The remarks by Ayatollah Ali Khamenei come in the aftermath of incriminating U.N. report on the Iranian nuclear program.


### Source:

1. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/IranianThreat/News/Article.aspx?id=245019)
2. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2011/11/11/world/middleeast/irans-supreme-leader-attackers-risk-iron-fist.html?ref=internationalatomicenergyagency)

### Related:

1. [Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, Supreme Leader of Iran, says that the 2011 Egyptian protests and Tunisian uprising are a result of "Islamic awareness". ](/news/2011/02/4/ayatollah-ali-khamenei-supreme-leader-of-iran-says-that-the-2011-egyptian-protests-and-tunisian-uprising-are-a-result-of-islamic-awarenes.md) _Context: Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, Supreme Leader of Iran_
2. [An IAEA report says Iran remains within key limits set in the 2015 agreement with world powers on development of its nuclear program. ](/news/2017/08/31/an-iaea-report-says-iran-remains-within-key-limits-set-in-the-2015-agreement-with-world-powers-on-development-of-its-nuclear-program.md) _Context: IAEA_
3. [Tasnim News Agency reports that, in a Nowruz speech, Supreme Leader of Iran Ali Khamenei said experts in his country can enrich uranium to 99 percent. ISNA reports that Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif is threatening to quit the Iran nuclear deal if the United States blocks Iran's version of the deal's implementation. ](/news/2017/03/21/tasnim-news-agency-reports-that-in-a-nowruz-speech-supreme-leader-of-iran-ali-khamenei-said-experts-in-his-country-can-enrich-uranium-to-9.md) _Context: Supreme Leader of Iran_
4. [Europe and the United States lift sanctions imposed on Iran regarding its nuclear programme, and the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action begins to be implemented. ](/news/2016/01/17/europe-and-the-united-states-lift-sanctions-imposed-on-iran-regarding-its-nuclear-programme-and-the-joint-comprehensive-plan-of-action-begi.md) _Context: nuclear programme_
5. [The International Atomic Energy Agency states that Iran has complied with its commitments under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, paving the way for international sanctions to be lifted by the United States and European Union. ](/news/2016/01/16/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-states-that-iran-has-complied-with-its-commitments-under-the-joint-comprehensive-plan-of-action-pavi.md) _Context: IAEA_
6. [Russia's envoy to the International Atomic Energy Agency says he expects the historic nuclear deal between Iran and world powers, the P5+1, to be implemented in January. Before the end of the year, Iran will exchange its stockpile of low-enriched uranium for Russia's non-enriched forms of uranium, he said. ](/news/2015/12/7/russia-s-envoy-to-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-says-he-expects-the-historic-nuclear-deal-between-iran-and-world-powers-the-p5-1.md) _Context: IAEA_
7. [Eleven tons of enriched uranium are on a ship heading from Iran to Russia, per the July 14th international agreement. Iran delivers 200 tons of Russian yellowcake in return. The International Atomic Energy Agency will decide when Tehran has complied with its obligations which would make dismantling of economic sanctions possible. ](/news/2015/12/28/eleven-tons-of-enriched-uranium-are-on-a-ship-heading-from-iran-to-russia-per-the-july-14th-international-agreement-iran-delivers-200-tons.md) _Context: IAEA_
8. [Iran Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei calls the recent Paris attacks "blind terrorism," according to IRNA, the country's official news agency. The Iranian government condemned the attacks immediately after they occurred. ](/news/2015/11/29/iran-supreme-leader-ayatollah-ali-khamenei-calls-the-recent-paris-attacks-ablind-terrorism-a-according-to-irna-the-country-s-official-n.md) _Context: Supreme Leader of Iran_
9. [Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei approves the nuclear deal between Tehran and world powers, and orders it to be implemented subject to certain conditions. The letter states the United States and European Union should clearly announce the elimination of sanctions against Iran. The imposition of sanctions at any level and under any pretext from any of the negotiating countries would violate the JCPOA. ](/news/2015/10/21/iran-s-supreme-leader-ayatollah-ali-khamenei-approves-the-nuclear-deal-between-tehran-and-world-powers-and-orders-it-to-be-implemented-subj.md) _Context: Supreme Leader of Iran_
10. [Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei warns Saudi Arabia of "harsh" measures if the Kingdom fails to promptly repatriate the bodies of more than 200 Iranian pilgrims killed in last week's Hajj stampede. ](/news/2015/09/30/iran-s-supreme-leader-ayatollah-ali-khamenei-warns-saudi-arabia-of-harsh-measures-if-the-kingdom-fails-to-promptly-repatriate-the-bodies-o.md) _Context: Supreme Leader of Iran_
