### [2015-01-7](/news/2015/01/7/index.md)

# Philippines President Benigno Aquino III demands an investigation after a drone purportedly belonging to the United States Navy is found in the Philippine province of Quezon, the second found in the country. 




### Source:

1. [Manila Standard Today](http://manilastandardtoday.com/2015/01/07/us-navy-drone-in-quezon-probed)

### Related:

1. [An unknown gunman shoots dead Nerlita Ledesma, a journalist from the Philippine tabloid "Abante" in the province of Bataan; her death is the 172nd murder of a journalist since the return of democracy in 1986 and the 31st during the presidency of Benigno Aquino III. ](/news/2015/01/8/an-unknown-gunman-shoots-dead-nerlita-ledesma-a-journalist-from-the-philippine-tabloid-abante-in-the-province-of-bataan-her-death-is-the.md) _Context: Philippines, President of the Philippines, his predecessor, provinces_
2. ["Philippines v. China". On his final day as President of the Philippines, Benigno Aquino III says he was right when he sued China over the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/06/29/philippines-v-china-on-his-final-day-as-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-aquino-iii-says-he-was-right-when-he-sued-china-over-the-s.md) _Context: Philippines, President of the Philippines, his predecessor_
3. [ASEAN Summit. United States President Barack Obama hosts a two-day summit in Rancho Mirage, California with leaders of the ASEAN member states, including democratically-elected Benigno Aquino III of the Philippines and Joko Widodo of Indonesia as well as autocratic rulers such as Hun Sen of Cambodia and Najib Razak of Malaysia. ](/news/2016/02/15/asean-summit-united-states-president-barack-obama-hosts-a-two-day-summit-in-rancho-mirage-california-with-leaders-of-the-asean-member-stat.md) _Context: Philippines, United States, his predecessor_
4. [ President Benigno Aquino III says the Philippines doesn't have the capacity to permanently house Manus Island refugees from Australian-run detention camps. ](/news/2015/10/27/president-benigno-aquino-iii-says-the-philippines-doesn-t-have-the-capacity-to-permanently-house-manus-island-refugees-from-australian-run.md) _Context: Philippines, President of the Philippines, his predecessor_
5. [2015 Mamasapano clash. The Catholic Bishops Conference of the Philippines says that it will not join growing calls for the impeachment and resignation of Philippines President Benigno Aquino III following the January 25 botched police operation. ](/news/2015/02/4/2015-mamasapano-clash-the-catholic-bishops-conference-of-the-philippines-says-that-it-will-not-join-growing-calls-for-the-impeachment-and-r.md) _Context: Philippines, President of the Philippines, his predecessor_
6. [Moro insurgency in the Philippines. Philippines President Benigno Aquino III distances himself from a botched raid against a terrorist, Zulkifli Abdhir, that killed around 50 people, including police officers and Abdhir, while pledging support for a peace process with the Moro people. Supreme Court Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno urges the public to continue to support the peace treaty. ](/news/2015/01/29/moro-insurgency-in-the-philippines-philippines-president-benigno-aquino-iii-distances-himself-from-a-botched-raid-against-a-terrorist-zulk.md) _Context: Philippines, President of the Philippines, his predecessor_
7. [Pope Francis' visit to the Philippines. Pope Francis arrives in Manila and meets Philippines President Benigno Aquino III. ](/news/2015/01/15/pope-francis-visit-to-the-philippines-pope-francis-arrives-in-manila-and-meets-philippines-president-benigno-aquino-iii.md) _Context: Philippines, President of the Philippines, his predecessor_
8. [Philippine President Benigno Aquino III downplays the significance of the recent surge of violence against journalists in the country after three deaths. ](/news/2013/12/14/philippine-president-benigno-aquino-iii-downplays-the-significance-of-the-recent-surge-of-violence-against-journalists-in-the-country-after.md) _Context: Philippines, President of the Philippines, his predecessor_
9. [Extrajudicial killings and forced disappearances in the Philippines:. Human Rights Watch and the Committee to Protect Journalists criticize the administration of Philippine President Benigno Aquino III for his failure to protect journalists after the deaths of at least 12 in 2013. ](/news/2013/12/12/extrajudicial-killings-and-forced-disappearances-in-the-philippines-human-rights-watch-and-the-committee-to-protect-journalists-criticize.md) _Context: Philippines, President of the Philippines, his predecessor_
10. [The Supreme Court of the Philippines abolishes the Priority Development Assistance Fund, otherwise known as the 'pork barrel', prompting Philippine President Benigno Aquino III to fly back to Manila. ](/news/2013/11/20/the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-abolishes-the-priority-development-assistance-fund-otherwise-known-as-the-pork-barrel-prompting-phi.md) _Context: Philippines, President of the Philippines, his predecessor_
