### [2015-01-7](/news/2015/01/7/index.md)

# The United States denounces a flag-raising ceremony at Taiwan's de facto embassy in Washington DC, saying the ceremony violated US-Taiwan ties. 

The United States on Tuesday denounced a flag-raising ceremony at Taiwan&#x27;s de facto embassy in Washington, saying it violated a long-standing pact on US-Taiwan ties. &quot;We&#x27;re disappointed with the action,&quot; State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said when asked about the hoisting of the


### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo](http://news.yahoo.com/us-anger-raising-taiwan-flag-washington-211205938.html)
1. [Cover Image](https://s.yimg.com/uu/api/res/1.2/T7nkH3c7b391WKKN9mtBVg--/aD0xNjk2O3c9MjU0NDtzbT0xO2FwcGlkPXl0YWNoeW9u/http://media.zenfs.com/en_us/News/afp.com/f39c224849ae536991f4b0c0fc22e43b6eee1a36.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The United States plans to sell Taiwan $1.42 billion in arms, the first such sale under the administration of Donald Trump. ](/news/2017/06/29/the-united-states-plans-to-sell-taiwan-1-42-billion-in-arms-the-first-such-sale-under-the-administration-of-donald-trump.md) _Context: Taiwan, Taiwan-United States relations, U.S._
2. [The People's Republic of China lodges a complaint with the United States after President-elect of the United States Donald Trump speaks with President of Taiwan Tsai Ing-wen. The PRC and the United States view Taiwan as a breakaway province. ](/news/2016/12/3/the-people-s-republic-of-china-lodges-a-complaint-with-the-united-states-after-president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-speaks-with.md) _Context: Taiwan, U.S._
3. [United States President-elect Donald Trump holds a telephone conversation with Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen, the first known contact between a U.S. president or president-elect with a Taiwanese leader since the United States recognized the People's Republic of China in 1979. ](/news/2016/12/2/united-states-president-elect-donald-trump-holds-a-telephone-conversation-with-taiwanese-president-tsai-ing-wen-the-first-known-contact-bet.md) _Context: Taiwan-United States relations, U.S._
4. [The President of Taiwan Ma Ying-jeou visits Taiping Island, Taiwan's largest island in the South China Sea, despite the United States warning it could provoke diplomatic tensions with the People's Republic of China and other nations in the area. ](/news/2016/01/28/the-president-of-taiwan-ma-ying-jeou-visits-taiping-island-taiwan-s-largest-island-in-the-south-china-sea-despite-the-united-states-warnin.md) _Context: Taiwan, U.S._
5. [The United States announces a deal to sell $1.83 billion worth of arms to Taiwan, which includes two decommissioned U.S. Navy frigates, Assault Amphibious Vehicles, and surface-to-air missiles. China has also expressed its disapproval over the deal, claiming it would affect their internal affairs. ](/news/2015/12/16/the-united-states-announces-a-deal-to-sell-1-83-billion-worth-of-arms-to-taiwan-which-includes-two-decommissioned-u-s-navy-frigates-assa.md) _Context: Taiwan, Taiwan-United States relations_
6. [Taiwanese smartphone manufacturer HTC loses a patent infringement case in the United States, with the United States International Trade Commission ruling that Apple Inc.'s iPhone technology does not violate HTC's patents. ](/news/2011/10/18/taiwanese-smartphone-manufacturer-htc-loses-a-patent-infringement-case-in-the-united-states-with-the-united-states-international-trade-comm.md) _Context: Taiwan, U.S._
7. [Yang Jiechi, the Foreign Minister of the People's Republic of China, warns the United States that relations between China and the US will deteriorate if it sells weapons to Taiwan. ](/news/2011/03/7/yang-jiechi-the-foreign-minister-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-warns-the-united-states-that-relations-between-china-and-the-us-will-de.md) _Context: Taiwan, U.S._
8. [China and the United States officially resume military ties after a 10-month break following US arms sales to Taiwan, with the two countries emphasizing the importance of a close military dialogue. The two countries will also confer on maritime issues next month.](/news/2010/09/30/china-and-the-united-states-officially-resume-military-ties-after-a-10-month-break-following-us-arms-sales-to-taiwan-with-the-two-countries.md) _Context: Taiwan, U.S._
9. [The United States and Australia issue travel warnings for India following the shooting of two Taiwanese tourists outside the Jama Masjid mosque in Delhi. ](/news/2010/09/20/the-united-states-and-australia-issue-travel-warnings-for-india-following-the-shooting-of-two-taiwanese-tourists-outside-the-jama-masjid-mos.md) _Context: Taiwan, U.S._
10. [ Thousands of protesters demonstrate in Taipei, Taiwan, against imports of certain U.S. beef products. ](/news/2009/11/14/thousands-of-protesters-demonstrate-in-taipei-taiwan-against-imports-of-certain-u-s-beef-products.md) _Context: Taiwan, U.S._
