### [2007-08-25](/news/2007/08/25/index.md)

#  2007 Greek fires: More than 53 people, including children, die during the Peloponnese forest fires in Greece and many are missing in burnt villages. Huge fires also occur in the Imitos mountain area, Filothei, Athens and also in the Styra, Euboea and Keratea regions. The Greek government declares a national emergency and seeks assistance from the European Union. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/6963373.stm)
2. [Times of India](http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/Europe/Death_toll_from_forest_fires_rises_to_27_in_Greece/articleshow/2309461.cms)

### Related:

1. [Greece resumes shipping mail and packages overseas following a 48-hour suspension imposed following a spate of parcel bombs sent to embassies in Athens and to European Union leaders. ](/news/2010/11/5/greece-resumes-shipping-mail-and-packages-overseas-following-a-48-hour-suspension-imposed-following-a-spate-of-parcel-bombs-sent-to-embassie.md) _Context: Athens, EU, Greece_
2. [The European Union and Germany deny a report of a 20-25 billion euro (PS22 billion) aid plan for Greece, and Athens pledge again to take new steps if needed to keep tough deficit-cutting plans on target. ](/news/2010/02/22/the-european-union-and-germany-deny-a-report-of-a-20-25-billion-euro-aps22-billion-aid-plan-for-greece-and-athens-pledge-again-to-take-new.md) _Context: Athens, EU, Greece_
3. [Germany announces plans to start deporting newly-arrived migrants to Greece starting in March. According to EU's Dublin Regulation, asylum seekers must file for asylum in the member state they arrived in. ](/news/2017/01/12/germany-announces-plans-to-start-deporting-newly-arrived-migrants-to-greece-starting-in-march-according-to-eu-s-dublin-regulation-asylum-s.md) _Context: EU, Greece_
4. [Police in northern Greece move  more than 400 Syrians and Iraqis by bus from a makeshift camp near the Macedonian border to a shelter near the northern city of Thessaloniki. More than 50,000 migrants remain stranded in Greece following European border closures, and the European Union's agreement with Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/13/police-in-northern-greece-move-more-than-400-syrians-and-iraqis-by-bus-from-a-makeshift-camp-near-the-macedonian-border-to-a-shelter-near-t.md) _Context: EU, Greece_
5. [Greece demands an explanation from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) after an apparent leaked transcript suggested the IMF may threaten to pull out of the country's bailout as a tactic to force European lenders to offer more debt relief. Whistleblowing site WikiLeaks published what it said was the transcript of a March 19 conference call of three senior IMF officials discussing tactics to apply pressure on Greece, Germany and the EU to reach a deal in April. ](/news/2016/04/2/greece-demands-an-explanation-from-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-after-an-apparent-leaked-transcript-suggested-the-imf-may-threaten.md) _Context: EU, Greece_
6. [The European Union launches a new aid program  worth an initial 700 million euros (US$760 million) to address the growing refugee crisis in Greece. EU Humanitarian Aid Commissioner Christos Stylianides says the so-called Emergency Assistance Instrument will be used  to help migrants trapped in Greece and, if needed, in  other countries on the migration route front lines. Approval by a  majority of EU members is required. The next EU meeting is scheduled for Monday. ](/news/2016/03/2/the-european-union-launches-a-new-aid-program-worth-an-initial-700-million-euros-us-760-million-to-address-the-growing-refugee-crisis-in.md) _Context: EU, Greece_
7. [Greece recalls its ambassador to Austria in response to Austria's hosting of a meeting with Balkan states, to which Greece was not invited, about European migrant crisis policies that would make it harder for migrants to head north across Europe. Greece's foreign ministry called the move an "unfriendly act." More than 100,000 migrants have entered the EU illegally so far in 2016, nearly all of them arriving in Greece. ](/news/2016/02/25/greece-recalls-its-ambassador-to-austria-in-response-to-austria-s-hosting-of-a-meeting-with-balkan-states-to-which-greece-was-not-invited.md) _Context: EU, Greece_
8. [Greece faces suspension or expulsion from the European Union's Schengen Area if it can not prevent waves of migrants from crossing over the country into Macedonia. ](/news/2016/01/25/greece-faces-suspension-or-expulsion-from-the-european-union-s-schengen-area-if-it-can-not-prevent-waves-of-migrants-from-crossing-over-the.md) _Context: EU, Greece_
9. [A new study shows Greece's six-year austerity program is even affecting prostitution. Gregory Laxos, a sociology professor at the Panteion University in Athens, told the ''Times of London'' the going rate for sex with a prostitute was 50 euros ($53) when the economic crisis began. Now, it's fallen to as low as two euros ($2.12) for a 30-minute session, or to a cheese pie, a sandwich because they are hungry. ](/news/2015/11/27/a-new-study-shows-greece-s-six-year-austerity-program-is-even-affecting-prostitution-gregory-laxos-a-sociology-professor-at-the-panteion-u.md) _Context: Athens, Greece_
10. [A bomb blast at the Hellenic Business Federation offices in central Athens, Greece, damages the Cypriot Embassy across the street.  While there is yet no claim for responsibility the authorities suspect a domestic guerrilla group set off the blast. ](/news/2015/11/24/a-bomb-blast-at-the-hellenic-business-federation-offices-in-central-athens-greece-damages-the-cypriot-embassy-across-the-street-while-th.md) _Context: Athens, Greece_
