### [2007-08-25](/news/2007/08/25/index.md)

#  On the 132-year anniversary of the first crossing, Bulgarian swimmer Petar Stoychev becomes the fastest person ever to swim across the English Channel. 




### Source:

1. [ (Timed Finals](http://www.timedfinals.com/24082007/petar-stoychev-becames-fastest-ever-to-swim-across-english-channel/)

### Related:

1. [Scientists discover 7.2 million-year-old "pre-human" remains in the Balkans area near Bulgaria and Greece. ](/news/2017/05/23/scientists-discover-7-2-million-year-old-pre-human-remains-in-the-balkans-area-near-bulgaria-and-greece.md) _Context: Bulgaria_
2. [United States-European Union relations: The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/united-states-european-union-relations-the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-go.md) _Context: Bulgaria_
3. [Bulgarian parliamentary election, 2017: Bulgarians vote to elect a new Prime Minister after the resignation of Boyko Borissov. Opinion polls predict a close contest between Borissov's centre-right GERB and the Socialist Party. ](/news/2017/03/26/bulgarian-parliamentary-election-2017-bulgarians-vote-to-elect-a-new-prime-minister-after-the-resignation-of-boyko-borissov-opinion-polls.md) _Context: Bulgaria_
4. [Hitrino train derailment: At least seven people have been killed and 25 others are injured after an explosion caused by the derailment of a train carrying propane and butane in the Bulgarian village of Hitrino, near Shumen. ](/news/2016/12/10/hitrino-train-derailment-at-least-seven-people-have-been-killed-and-25-others-are-injured-after-an-explosion-caused-by-the-derailment-of-a.md) _Context: Bulgaria_
5. [Bulgarian presidential election, 2016: Voters in Bulgaria go to the polls for a presidential election, with exit polls showing no candidate receiving the majority necessary to win outright, and Rumen Radev and Tsetska Tsacheva likely to face one another in a run-off on 13 November. ](/news/2016/11/6/bulgarian-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-bulgaria-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-with-exit-polls-showing-no-candidate.md) _Context: Bulgaria_
6. [Russia-United States relations: Russia's Foreign Ministry warns of "retaliatory measures" over the entry of the United States Navy destroyer, USS "Porter". The USS "Porter" arrived in the Black Sea port of Varna, Bulgaria, earlier this week for what the U.S. Navy called a routine deployment. ](/news/2016/06/10/russia-united-states-relations-russia-s-foreign-ministry-warns-of-retaliatory-measures-over-the-entry-of-the-united-states-navy-destroy.md) _Context: Bulgaria_
7. [Erasmus bus crash: Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/erasmus-bus-crash-thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-fall.md) _Context: Bulgaria_
8. [European migrant crisis: At least one person is reportedly killed after Bulgarian border guards open fire on a group of illegal migrants after they attempted to cross the border from Turkey. The incident happened near the southeastern town of Sredets. ](/news/2015/10/15/european-migrant-crisis-at-least-one-person-is-reportedly-killed-after-bulgarian-border-guards-open-fire-on-a-group-of-illegal-migrants-aft.md) _Context: Bulgaria_
9. [Russia abandons its plans for the South Stream pipeline to Bulgaria due to European Union objections instead looking at a pipeline to Turkey. ](/news/2014/12/1/russia-abandons-its-plans-for-the-south-stream-pipeline-to-bulgaria-due-to-european-union-objections-instead-looking-at-a-pipeline-to-turkey.md) _Context: Bulgaria_
10. [A series of explosions at a gunpowder plant in the village of Gorni Lom in Northwestern Bulgaria completely destroys the factory, killing 15 people who were working inside it at the time. ](/news/2014/10/2/a-series-of-explosions-at-a-gunpowder-plant-in-the-village-of-gorni-lom-in-northwestern-bulgaria-completely-destroys-the-factory-killing-15.md) _Context: Bulgaria_
