### [2007-08-25](/news/2007/08/25/index.md)

#  Twin blasts panic people in Hyderabad, India. A gas cylinder explosion at a food mart kills 27, injures 50. Another blast at a park kills at least 14.




### Related:

1. [ Pakistan and Bangladesh reject charges by India that terror outfits operating in their countries were behind the Hyderabad bomb blasts which killed 42 and injured over 60. ](/news/2007/08/27/pakistan-and-bangladesh-reject-charges-by-india-that-terror-outfits-operating-in-their-countries-were-behind-the-hyderabad-bomb-blasts-whic.md) _Context: Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India, bomb blasts_
2. [ 25 August 2007 Hyderabad bombings. Seven more unexploded bombs are found in Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India a day after the bombings. ](/news/2007/08/26/25-august-2007-hyderabad-bombings-seven-more-unexploded-bombs-are-found-in-hyderabad-andhra-pradesh-india-a-day-after-the-bombings.md) _Context: Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India, bomb blasts_
3. [ At least 15 dead and many injured when a flyover under construction at Panjagutta junction, Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India collapsed. Wikinews](/news/2007/09/9/at-least-15-dead-and-many-injured-when-a-flyover-under-construction-at-panjagutta-junction-hyderabad-andhra-pradesh-india-collapsed-wik.md) _Context: Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India_
4. [ 9 people are killed in a bomb blast at the Mecca Masjid mosque in the Indian city of Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh. [http://www.rediff.com/news/2007/may/18blast.htm]](/news/2007/05/18/9-people-are-killed-in-a-bomb-blast-at-the-mecca-masjid-mosque-in-the-indian-city-of-hyderabad-andhra-pradesh-http-www-rediff-com-news.md) _Context: Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India_
5. [2017 Khatauli train derailment. A train derails near Khatauli, Uttar Pradesh, India, resulting in at least 23 deaths and 156 injuries. ](/news/2017/08/19/2017-khatauli-train-derailment-a-train-derails-near-khatauli-uttar-pradesh-india-resulting-in-at-least-23-deaths-and-156-injuries.md) _Context: India_
6. [August 2017 Nepal and India floods. Flooding in South Asia has displaced tens of thousands of people and resulted in an estimated 500 deaths across India, Bangladesh, and Nepal. ](/news/2017/08/18/august-2017-nepal-and-india-floods-flooding-in-south-asia-has-displaced-tens-of-thousands-of-people-and-resulted-in-an-estimated-500-deaths.md) _Context: India_
7. [2016-17 Rohingya persecution in Myanmar. India announces that it is to deport an estimated 40,000 Rohingya refugees including 14,000 of those registered with the U.N. refugee agency. In the months leading up to the announcement, a string of anti-Rohingya protests had been held in the country.](/news/2017/08/14/2016-17-rohingya-persecution-in-myanmar-india-announces-that-it-is-to-deport-an-estimated-40-000-rohingya-refugees-including-14-000-of-th.md) _Context: India_
8. [2017 China-India border standoff. India increases its military alert amid a border standoff with the People's Liberation Army of China at Doklam. ](/news/2017/08/12/2017-china-india-border-standoff-india-increases-its-military-alert-amid-a-border-standoff-with-the-people-s-liberation-army-of-china-at.md) _Context: India_
9. [2017 Doklam crisis. Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ](/news/2017/07/6/2017-doklam-crisis-despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhu.md) _Context: India_
10. [China-India relations. Bhutan-China relations. Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/china-india-relations-bhutan-china-relations-amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india.md) _Context: India_
