### [2012-05-28](/news/2012/05/28/index.md)

# "Awaara" has been included in the All-Time 100 greatest films by the "Time Magazine". [http://entertainment.time.com/2012/05/17/movie-masterpieces-richard-corliss-expands-times-list-of-cinematic-greats/slide/awaara/ "(Time Entertainment)"]




### Related:

1. [Presidency of Donald Trump. The Trump White House bars "The New York Times", CNN, the "Los Angeles Times", the "New York Daily News", "The Hill", the "Daily Mail", BBC, Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as Breitbart News, One America News Network, and "The Washington Times". Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News, "The Wall Street Journal", Bloomberg News, and Fox News. "Time" magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to in protest. The White House Correspondents- Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House-s actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/presidency-of-donald-trump-the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-h.md) _Context: Time_
2. [Angela Merkel is named as "Time"'s Person of the Year. ](/news/2015/12/9/angela-merkel-is-named-as-time-s-person-of-the-year.md) _Context: Time_
3. ["Time" magazine names Pope Francis its Person of the Year. ](/news/2013/12/11/time-magazine-names-pope-francis-its-person-of-the-year.md) _Context: Time_
4. [U.S. news magazine "Time" selects U.S. President Barack Obama as its 2012 Person of the Year, following on from his 2008 award, and those of his predecessors George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004, Bill Clinton in 1992 and 1998, George H. W. Bush in 1990, Ronald Reagan in 1980 and 1983, Jimmy Carter in 1976, Richard Nixon in 1971 and 1972 and Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 and 1967. ](/news/2012/12/19/u-s-news-magazine-time-selects-u-s-president-barack-obama-as-its-2012-person-of-the-year-following-on-from-his-2008-award-and-those-of.md) _Context: Time_
5. ["Time" magazine editors announce their list of 38 contenders nominated as the 2012 Time Person of the Year, including Barack Obama, Mitt Romney, Sheldon Adelson, Malala Yousafzai, Sandra Fluke, Felix Baumgartner, Curiosity rover, Bashar Assad, Mohamed Morsi, Psy, Pussy Riot, Higgs boson, Michael Phelps, and others. The winner of the people's choice will be announced on 14 December. ](/news/2012/11/30/time-magazine-editors-announce-their-list-of-38-contenders-nominated-as-the-2012-time-person-of-the-year-including-barack-obama-mitt-rom.md) _Context: Time_
6. ["Time" names "The Protester" the magazine's 2011 Person of the Year, as a result of the Arab Spring and subsequent movements. ](/news/2011/12/14/time-names-the-protester-the-magazine-s-2011-person-of-the-year-as-a-result-of-the-arab-spring-and-subsequent-movements.md) _Context: Time_
7. [Iraq War:. "Time" reports that a Federal Grand Jury is investigating claims of war crimes and torture by the US Central Intelligence Agency at Iraq's Abu Ghraib prison in 2003. ](/news/2011/06/14/iraq-war-time-reports-that-a-federal-grand-jury-is-investigating-claims-of-war-crimes-and-torture-by-the-us-central-intelligence-agency.md) _Context: Time_
8. [Julian Assange grants an interview to "TIME" in which he talks about secrecy, saying "we keep secret the identity of our sources" but that secrecy "shouldn't be used to cover up abuses". ](/news/2010/12/2/julian-assange-grants-an-interview-to-time-in-which-he-talks-about-secrecy-saying-we-keep-secret-the-identity-of-our-sources-but-that-s.md) _Context: Time_
9. [An article in "Time" states Egypt helped Israel assassinate Palestinian Muhammad Jamal al-Namnam, a senior member of the al-Qaeda-affiliated Army of Islam organization. He was killed last week, after his car exploded in Gaza City. ](/news/2010/11/10/an-article-in-time-states-egypt-helped-israel-assassinate-palestinian-muhammad-jamal-al-namnam-a-senior-member-of-the-al-qaeda-affiliated.md) _Context: Time_
10. [ President of Russia Vladimir Putin is ""Time" magazine's Person of the Year". ](/news/2007/12/19/president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-is-time-magazine-s-person-of-the-year.md) _Context: Time_
