### [2012-05-28](/news/2012/05/28/index.md)

# Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair tells the Leveson Inquiry he had a "working relationship" with News Corporation chairman Rupert Murdoch, but that Murdoch did not influence policy during his time in office. 

Ex-Prime Minister Tony Blair tells the Leveson Inquiry his friendship with Rupert Murdoch was &quot;a working relationship&quot; until he left office.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/europe/2012/05/2012528113625209878.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-18228898)
3. [MSNBC](http://video.msnbc.msn.com/msnbc-tv/47589503/#47589503)
4. [The Belfast Telegraph](http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/local-national/uk/video-blair-interrupted-by-leveson-inquiry-protester-16164743.html)
5. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/World-News/2012/05/28/Protester-calls-Blair-war-criminal/UPI-36811338215492/)
5. [Cover Image](https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/60538000/jpg/_60538324_blair.jpg)

### Related:

1. [John Major, who was British Prime Minister between 1990 and 1997, tells the Leveson Inquiry that Rupert Murdoch warned him before the 1997 general election to switch policy on Europe or his newspapers would not support him. The Conservative Party subsequently lost power to Labour, with Murdoch's "The Sun" tabloid daily supporting Major's rival Tony Blair. ](/news/2012/06/12/john-major-who-was-british-prime-minister-between-1990-and-1997-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-that-rupert-murdoch-warned-him-before-the-1997-g.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Rupert Murdoch, Tony Blair_
2. [Tony Blair's former Director of Communications, Alastair Campbell, tells the Leveson Inquiry that there was no "express deal" between Blair and News Corporation CEO Rupert Murdoch in the run-up to the 1997 UK general election. ](/news/2012/05/14/tony-blair-s-former-director-of-communications-alastair-campbell-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-that-there-was-no-express-deal-between-blair.md) _Context: News Corporation, Rupert Murdoch, Tony Blair_
3. [David Cameron, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, makes a statement to the House of Commons in relation to the judicial inquiry into the "News of the World" phone hacking affair, hours before the announcement that Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation had withdrawn its bid to take full ownership of BSkyB. ](/news/2011/07/13/david-cameron-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-makes-a-statement-to-the-house-of-commons-in-relation-to-the-judicial-inquiry-into.md) _Context: News Corporation, Prime Minister, Rupert Murdoch_
4. [Former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Tony Blair resigns as the peace envoy of the Quartet on the Middle East. ](/news/2015/05/27/former-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-tony-blair-resigns-as-the-peace-envoy-of-the-quartet-on-the-middle-east.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Tony Blair_
5. [Former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown tells the Leveson Inquiry into press standards that he did not declare war on Rupert Murdoch after the Labour Party lost the support of "The Sun" newspaper in 2009. ](/news/2012/06/11/former-british-prime-minister-gordon-brown-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-into-press-standards-that-he-did-not-declare-war-on-rupert-murdoch-afte.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Rupert Murdoch_
6. [British Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt appears at the Leveson Inquiry into media practices in the UK. The inquiry hears that he congratulated James Murdoch on the progress of News Corporation's takeover bid for BSkyB just hours before he was charged with overseeing it, but acted impartially once he took on the role. Prime Minister David Cameron says he will not order an inquiry into Hunt's ministerial conduct. ](/news/2012/05/31/british-culture-secretary-jeremy-hunt-appears-at-the-leveson-inquiry-into-media-practices-in-the-uk-the-inquiry-hears-that-he-congratulated.md) _Context: News Corporation, Prime Minister_
7. [As the Leveson Inquiry releases emails exchanged between UK Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport Jeremy Hunt and News Corporation lobbyist Fred Michel, Prime Minister David Cameron says he does not regret his decision to let Hunt rule on News Corp's bid for BSkyB. ](/news/2012/05/25/as-the-leveson-inquiry-releases-emails-exchanged-between-uk-secretary-of-state-for-culture-media-and-sport-jeremy-hunt-and-news-corporation.md) _Context: News Corporation, Prime Minister_
8. [The News Corporation board expresses its "full confidence" in Rupert Murdoch following a UK government media committee's conclusion yesterday that Murdoch is "not a fit person" to run a major international business. ](/news/2012/05/2/the-news-corporation-board-expresses-its-full-confidence-in-rupert-murdoch-following-a-uk-government-media-committee-s-conclusion-yesterda.md) _Context: News Corporation, Rupert Murdoch_
9. [News International phone hacking scandal: The House of Commons Culture, Media and Sport Committee publishes its report into phone hacking at the "News of the World". The committee concludes that Rupert Murdoch "is not a fit person" to run a major international company and exhibited "wilful blindness" to phone-hacking and other practices going on in his media empire. The report also accuses three News Corporation executives of giving misleading evidence. ](/news/2012/05/1/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-the-house-of-commons-culture-media-and-sport-committee-publishes-its-report-into-phone-hacking-at.md) _Context: News Corporation, Rupert Murdoch_
10. [Adam Smith, a special adviser to Jeremy Hunt, the United Kingdom Secretary of State for Culture, Olympics, Media and Sport, resigns over his role in Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation's attempt to take over satellite broadcaster BSkyB. ](/news/2012/04/25/adam-smith-a-special-adviser-to-jeremy-hunt-the-united-kingdom-secretary-of-state-for-culture-olympics-media-and-sport-resigns-over-his.md) _Context: News Corporation, Rupert Murdoch_
