### [2003-08-7](/news/2003/08/7/index.md)

#  2003 California recall: Republican Darrell Issa, the person behind the effort of recall election of Gray Davis, quickly and without warning dropped out of the gubernatorial race.




### Related:

1. [ 2003 California recall: Arnold Schwarzenegger announces he will run for Governor of California in the recall election of Gray Davis.](/news/2003/08/6/2003-california-recall-arnold-schwarzenegger-announces-he-will-run-for-governor-of-california-in-the-recall-election-of-gray-davis.md) _Context: 2003 California recall, Gray Davis, recall referendum_
2. [ California recall: Republican Arnold Schwarzenegger wins the election with 48.6% after voters decide to recall California Governor Gray Davis. Schwarzenegger's closest rival was the Democratic Lieutenant Governor Cruz Bustamante, with 31.7%.](/news/2003/10/8/california-recall-republican-arnold-schwarzenegger-wins-the-election-with-48-6-after-voters-decide-to-recall-california-governor-gray-dav.md) _Context: 2003 California recall, Gray Davis_
3. [ California recall: The state of California held a special election to decide whether to recall Governor Gray Davis, and, if so, who to replace him with. Also on the ballot: Proposition 53, the "California Twenty-First Century Infrastructure Investment Fund," and Proposition 54, the "Racial Privacy Initiative."](/news/2003/10/7/california-recall-the-state-of-california-held-a-special-election-to-decide-whether-to-recall-governor-gray-davis-and-if-so-who-to-repl.md) _Context: 2003 California recall, Gray Davis_
4. [ California recall: Republican Bill Simon drops out of the California gubernatorial recall race.](/news/2003/08/23/california-recall-republican-bill-simon-drops-out-of-the-california-gubernatorial-recall-race.md) _Context: 2003 California recall, Republican_
5. [U.S. officials are investigating the hacking of election system databases in Illinois and Arizona. The FBI alerted all election officials nationwide about this issue earlier this month. ](/news/2016/08/29/u-s-officials-are-investigating-the-hacking-of-election-system-databases-in-illinois-and-arizona-the-fbi-alerted-all-election-officials-na.md) _Context: election_
6. [After many delays, Venezuela's electoral council releases petition sheets to the opposition alliance that wants to initiate a recall referendum against President Nicolas Maduro. Within three days, the petitioners need to collect about 200,000 signatures (1 percent of registered voters) before proceeding to the next step, the collection of 20 million signatures to get the referendum on the ballot. ](/news/2016/04/26/after-many-delays-venezuela-s-electoral-council-releases-petition-sheets-to-the-opposition-alliance-that-wants-to-initiate-a-recall-referen.md) _Context: recall referendum_
7. [A United Nations rights investigator raises concern whether Myanmar's election, scheduled for November 8, 2015, could be considered free and fair because dozens of candidates have been disqualified and hundreds of thousands of people denied the right to vote. ](/news/2015/10/28/a-united-nations-rights-investigator-raises-concern-whether-myanmar-s-election-scheduled-for-november-8-2015-could-be-considered-free-and.md) _Context: election_
8. [The chairman of the U.S. House of Representatives' Oversight Committee, Darrell Issa, whose panel has been investigating charges that defunct lender Countrywide Financial used its VIP-lending program to buy influence, says that a forthcoming report will include "significant new findings" on that point. ](/news/2011/11/16/the-chairman-of-the-u-s-house-of-representatives-oversight-committee-darrell-issa-whose-panel-has-been-investigating-charges-that-defunc.md) _Context: Darrell Issa_
9. [The Governor of the U.S. state of Arizona calls a recall election for state Senate President Russell Pearce known for his immigration legislation. ](/news/2011/07/12/the-governor-of-the-u-s-state-of-arizona-calls-a-recall-election-for-state-senate-president-russell-pearce-known-for-his-immigration-legisl.md) _Context: recall referendum_
10. [The Mayor of Miami-Dade County in the U.S. state of Florida, Carlos Alvarez, and County commissioner Natacha Seijas are defeated in recall elections. ](/news/2011/03/15/the-mayor-of-miami-dade-county-in-the-u-s-state-of-florida-carlos-alvarez-and-county-commissioner-natacha-seijas-are-defeated-in-recall-e.md) _Context: recall referendum_
