### [2012-09-9](/news/2012/09/9/index.md)

# Elections for the 70-member Legislative Council are held in Hong Kong. Forty seats are elected by direct popular vote, the remainder are attributed by the "functional constituencies": business and special interest groups. China has promised a fully popular vote by the year 2020; the roadmap is still being laid out. 

The Hong Kong government backs down over plans to force schoolchildren to take Chinese patriotism classes, after weeks of protests.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-china-19529867)
2. [Pakistan Today](http://www.pakistantoday.com.pk/2012/09/10/news/foreign/hong-kong-votes-in-crucial-legislative-polls/)
3. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/asia_pacific/hong-kong-votes-in-key-elections-that-will-help-shape-future-democracy-plans/2012/09/09/fe3b2b0c-fa47-11e1-a0a1-b07778c66e04_story.html)
4. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/china/2012-09/09/c_131837151.htm)

### Related:

1. [Baggio Leung and Yau Wai-ching are banned by China from taking office in Hong Kong over the oath-taking controversy. ](/news/2016/11/7/baggio-leung-and-yau-wai-ching-are-banned-by-china-from-taking-office-in-hong-kong-over-the-oath-taking-controversy.md) _Context: Hong Kong, People's Republic of China_
2. [In Hong Kong, police clash with protesters after more than 10,000 locals march against the Chinese government interpretation of the Basic Law in the Legislative Council oath-taking controversy. ](/news/2016/11/6/in-hong-kong-police-clash-with-protesters-after-more-than-10-000-locals-march-against-the-chinese-government-interpretation-of-the-basic-la.md) _Context: Hong Kong, People's Republic of China_
3. [Two Hong Kong Youngspiration party Legislative Council election victors  lose their appeal to take their seats in parliament by a High Court three-judge panel. Tomorrow, the High Court will hear the independence supporters' petition for a hearing by the Court of Final Appeal. ](/news/2016/11/30/two-hong-kong-youngspiration-party-legislative-council-election-victors-lose-their-appeal-to-take-their-seats-in-parliament-by-a-high-court.md) _Context: Hong Kong, Legislative Council_
4. [Police in China detain 75 people in connection with a service that determined the female gender of unborn babies for the purpose of abortion. Authorities say that at least 300 people were involved in the illegal service in the eastern Chinese province of Zhejiang. Expectant parents wanting male children smuggled fetal blood samples to Hong Kong for gender testing. China ended its one-child policy last year. ](/news/2016/10/15/police-in-china-detain-75-people-in-connection-with-a-service-that-determined-the-female-gender-of-unborn-babies-for-the-purpose-of-abortion.md) _Context: Hong Kong, People's Republic of China_
5. [Voters in Hong Kong go to the polls for a Legislative Council election, the first major election since the 2014 pro-democracy street protests. Several young pro-independence candidates win seats in the election. ](/news/2016/09/4/voters-in-hong-kong-go-to-the-polls-for-a-legislative-council-election-the-first-major-election-since-the-2014-pro-democracy-street-protest.md) _Context: Hong Kong, Legislative Council_
6. [Thousands of people take to the streets of Hong Kong, demanding answers over China's alleged abduction of five booksellers in late 2015 and that Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying resign from office. ](/news/2016/07/1/thousands-of-people-take-to-the-streets-of-hong-kong-demanding-answers-over-china-s-alleged-abduction-of-five-booksellers-in-late-2015-and.md) _Context: Hong Kong, People's Republic of China_
7. [Jia Jia, a columnist for China's Tencent media company is reported missing after not being heard from since Tuesday, when he was on his way to Hong Kong. He was last heard from when he tried to warn a friend about publishing an anonymous letter calling for President Xi Jinping's resignation. ](/news/2016/03/18/jia-jia-a-columnist-for-china-s-tencent-media-company-is-reported-missing-after-not-being-heard-from-since-tuesday-when-he-was-on-his-way.md) _Context: Hong Kong, People's Republic of China_
8. [China's Alibaba Group Holding Limited acquires Hong Kong's largest English-language newspaper, the ''South China Morning Post'', in a deal reported to be worth about $100 million. ](/news/2015/12/11/china-s-alibaba-group-holding-limited-acquires-hong-kong-s-largest-english-language-newspaper-the-south-china-morning-post-in-a-deal-r.md) _Context: Hong Kong, People's Republic of China_
9. [Thousands of people march in Hong Kong to demand the Legislative Council reject a China backed proposal for the naming of candidates for Chief Executive be done by a nominating committee. ](/news/2015/06/14/thousands-of-people-march-in-hong-kong-to-demand-the-legislative-council-reject-a-china-backed-proposal-for-the-naming-of-candidates-for-chi.md) _Context: Hong Kong, Legislative Council_
10. [Food safety incidents in China:McDonald's restaurants stop selling Chicken McNuggets and some other chicken products in Hong Kong, China and Japan from Shanghai Husi Foods that allegedly sold out-of-date items to fast food restaurants. ](/news/2014/07/25/food-safety-incidents-in-china-pmcdonald-s-restaurants-stop-selling-chicken-mcnuggets-and-some-other-chicken-products-in-hong-kong-china-an.md) _Context: Hong Kong, People's Republic of China_
