### [2006-12-26](/news/2006/12/26/index.md)

#  Almaz Atambayev, Chairman of the Social Democratic Party of Kyrgyzstan, warns that if Prime Minister Felix Kulov's proposed amendments to the constitution are passed, giving greater power to the executive branch, Kyrgyzstan will descend into civil war. 




### Source:

1. [RadioFreeEurope/RadioLiberty](http://www.rferl.org/featuresarticle/2006/12/BA9BA77F-140E-477E-A444-D7A8B3A594AE.html)

### Related:

1. [ Kyrgyz President Kurmanbek Bakiyev formally signs the new Constitution of Kyrgyzstan. The Constitution drastically weakens the power of the executive branch in favor of the legislative. Bakiyev and Prime Minister Felix Kulov are expected to maintain their positions until 2010. ](/news/2006/11/9/kyrgyz-president-kurmanbek-bakiyev-formally-signs-the-new-constitution-of-kyrgyzstan-the-constitution-drastically-weakens-the-power-of-the.md) _Context: Felix Kulov, Prime Minister, constitution, executive branch_
2. [ The Prime Minister of Kyrgyzstan Almaz Atambayev and the President of the People's Republic of China Hu Jintao meet to discuss Kyrgyz participation in a Turkmenistan-China gas pipeline. ](/news/2007/08/16/the-prime-minister-of-kyrgyzstan-almaz-atambayev-and-the-president-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-hu-jintao-meet-to-discuss-kyrgyz-parti.md) _Context: Almaz Atambayev, Kyrgyzstan, Prime Minister_
3. [ The Supreme Council of Kyrgyzstan votes 50 to 1 in favor of amendments to the Constitution giving greater power to the executive branch after President Kurmanbek Bakiyev accuses Parliamentarians of "sabotaging" the political process. The President will now have the power to appoint and dismiss the Prime Minister and his cabinet and regional governors. The SNB, the domestic intelligence organization, will report to the President, not the legislature. ](/news/2006/12/30/the-supreme-council-of-kyrgyzstan-votes-50-to-1-in-favor-of-amendments-to-the-constitution-giving-greater-power-to-the-executive-branch-aft.md) _Context: Prime Minister, constitution, executive branch_
4. [ The Supreme Council of Kyrgyzstan does not pass amendments proposed by acting Prime Minister Felix Kulov to the Constitution, some of which would alter the make up of the Council by expanding the number of Parliamentarians and electing members by party-line-voting. The Supreme Council may vote again on the amendments over the next week. ](/news/2006/12/25/the-supreme-council-of-kyrgyzstan-does-not-pass-amendments-proposed-by-acting-prime-minister-felix-kulov-to-the-constitution-some-of-which.md) _Context: Felix Kulov, Prime Minister, constitution_
5. [Kyrgyzstani constitutional referendum, 2016: Kyrgyzstani voters vote for a new constitution. ](/news/2016/12/11/kyrgyzstani-constitutional-referendum-2016-kyrgyzstani-voters-vote-for-a-new-constitution.md) _Context: Kyrgyzstan, constitution_
6. [The new government of Kyrgyzstan is sworn in with Prime Minister Sooronbay Jeenbekov taking the oath of office. ](/news/2016/04/28/the-new-government-of-kyrgyzstan-is-sworn-in-with-prime-minister-sooronbay-jeenbekov-taking-the-oath-of-office.md) _Context: Kyrgyzstan, Prime Minister_
7. [The Prime Minister of Kyrgyzstan Temir Sariyev announces he will resign from his post. This comes after several Parliament members accused Sariyev and his cabinet of corruption. The Kyrgyz presidential press service said President Almazbek Atambayev accepted his resignation. ](/news/2016/04/11/the-prime-minister-of-kyrgyzstan-temir-sariyev-announces-he-will-resign-from-his-post-this-comes-after-several-parliament-members-accused-s.md) _Context: Kyrgyzstan, Prime Minister_
8. [Kyrgyzstani parliamentary election, 2015: Voters in Kyrgyzstan go to the polls with the Social Democratic Party of Kyrgyzstan winning the most votes which will lead to a pro-Russian coalition. ](/news/2015/10/4/kyrgyzstani-parliamentary-election-2015-voters-in-kyrgyzstan-go-to-the-polls-with-the-social-democratic-party-of-kyrgyzstan-winning-the-mo.md) _Context: Kyrgyzstan, Social Democratic Party of Kyrgyzstan_
9. [ Kyrgyz President Kurmanbek Bakiyev appoints former mayor of Bishkek, Daniar Usenov, as the new Prime Minister following the resignation of his predecessor, Igor Chudinov. ](/news/2009/10/21/kyrgyz-president-kurmanbek-bakiyev-appoints-former-mayor-of-bishkek-daniar-usenov-as-the-new-prime-minister-following-the-resignation-of.md) _Context: Kyrgyzstan, Prime Minister_
10. [ Felix Kulov, former Prime Minister of Kyrgyzstan, breaks his political alliance with President Kurmanbek Bakiyev. Kulov forms the United Front for a Worthy Future for Kyrgyzstan with Ar-Namys and other political parties. ](/news/2007/02/20/felix-kulov-former-prime-minister-of-kyrgyzstan-breaks-his-political-alliance-with-president-kurmanbek-bakiyev-kulov-forms-the-united-fr.md) _Context: Felix Kulov, Prime Minister_
