### [2006-12-26](/news/2006/12/26/index.md)

#  Trial of Saddam Hussein: An appeal court in Baghdad has rejected former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein's appeal against the death sentence handed down on November 5 for the 1982 killings of Shias in Dujail. By Iraqi law, the execution by hanging has to be carried out within 30 days after the announcement of the rejection. 




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/6210245.stm)

### Related:

1. [A suicide bomber attacks a Shia pilgrimage in Baghdad, Iraq killing at least 41 and wounding 174. ](/news/2010/07/7/a-suicide-bomber-attacks-a-shia-pilgrimage-in-baghdad-iraq-killing-at-least-41-and-wounding-174.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Shia_
2. [ Iraq broadcasts a video of former police chief Wissam Ali Kadhem Ibrahim, a Saddam Hussein loyalist, confessing to orchestrating a truck bombing at the finance ministry, the first of two bombings that killed 95 people and maimed hundreds more in Baghdad on 19 August. ](/news/2009/08/23/iraq-broadcasts-a-video-of-former-police-chief-wissam-ali-kadhem-ibrahim-a-saddam-hussein-loyalist-confessing-to-orchestrating-a-truck-bo.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
3. [ Iraq War: Shia cleric Moqtada al-Sadr calls for an anti-American protest on the fourth anniversary of the overthrow of Saddam Hussein. Hundreds of thousands of Shias gather in Najaf for a demonstration calling for U.S.-led troops to leave Iraq. ](/news/2007/04/9/iraq-war-shia-cleric-moqtada-al-sadr-calls-for-an-anti-american-protest-on-the-fourth-anniversary-of-the-overthrow-of-saddam-hussein-hund.md) _Context: Iraq, Saddam Hussein, Shia_
4. [ Taha Yassin Ramadan, former Baathist Vice President of Iraq and the "Ten of Diamonds" in the most-wanted Iraqi playing cards, is hanged in Baghdad for his role in the Dujail killings. ](/news/2007/03/20/taha-yassin-ramadan-former-baathist-vice-president-of-iraq-and-the-ten-of-diamonds-in-the-most-wanted-iraqi-playing-cards-is-hanged-in.md) _Context: Baghdad, Dujail, Iraq_
5. [ Iraq's High Tribunal sentences former Vice President Taha Yassin Ramadan to death for his role in the 1982 killing of 148 men and boys in Dujail following an unsuccessful assassination attempt against Saddam Hussein. ](/news/2007/02/12/iraq-s-high-tribunal-sentences-former-vice-president-taha-yassin-ramadan-to-death-for-his-role-in-the-1982-killing-of-148-men-and-boys-in-d.md) _Context: Dujail, Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
6. [ Sweeping curfews go into effect in Baghdad, Iraq, in anticipation of the reading of the verdict by the Supreme Iraqi Criminal Tribunal in the trial of Saddam Hussein. ](/news/2006/11/5/sweeping-curfews-go-into-effect-in-baghdad-iraq-in-anticipation-of-the-reading-of-the-verdict-by-the-supreme-iraqi-criminal-tribunal-in-t.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Trial of Saddam Hussein_
7. [ Saddam Hussein, 69, the deposed former Iraqi President, has been force-fed in a Baghdad hospital through a tube after 16 days of hunger strike. ](/news/2006/07/24/saddam-hussein-69-the-deposed-former-iraqi-president-has-been-force-fed-in-a-baghdad-hospital-through-a-tube-after-16-days-of-hunger-str.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
8. [ A series of Suicide bombings kill 74 Shia worshippers at two mosques in eastern Iraq while in Baghdad two car bombs destroy the blast wall protecting a hotel housing foreign journalists and kill eight Iraqis. ](/news/2005/11/18/a-series-of-suicide-bombings-kill-74-shia-worshippers-at-two-mosques-in-eastern-iraq-while-in-baghdad-two-car-bombs-destroy-the-blast-wall.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Shia_
9. [ Saddam Hussein goes on trial in Baghdad for crimes against humanity. The former President of Iraq is led into court with seven associates, charged with ordering the killing of 143 Shi'a men in the town of Dujail in 1982. If convicted, Hussein could face capital punishment. ](/news/2005/10/19/saddam-hussein-goes-on-trial-in-baghdad-for-crimes-against-humanity-the-former-president-of-iraq-is-led-into-court-with-seven-associates.md) _Context: Baghdad, Dujail, Saddam Hussein_
10. [ Iraq hanged three men in the first executions in the country since the 2003 invasion. They were part of the Jaish Ansar al-Sunna group and had been convicted of kidnapping and murdering three policemen and abducting, raping and killing Iraqi women. Iraqi President Jalal Talabani refused to sign the death warrants, but his Deputy President Adel Abdul Mehdi signed instead. Talabani has also said he will refuse to sign the death warrant of Saddam Hussein should he be convicted and sentenced to death. ](/news/2005/09/1/iraq-hanged-three-men-in-the-first-executions-in-the-country-since-the-2003-invasion-they-were-part-of-the-jaish-ansar-al-sunna-group-and.md) _Context: Iraq, Saddam Hussein, hanging_
