### [2017-05-2](/news/2017/05/2/index.md)

# Conservative leader Theresa May states she will be a "bloody difficult woman" in her negotiations with Jean-Claude Juncker regarding the rights of EU nationals after Brexit. 

Theresa May responds to claims she clashed with the EU Commission chief over Brexit.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-39784170)

### Related:

1. [Conservative politician Theresa May accuses European Union officials of trying to influence the upcoming elections. ](/news/2017/05/3/conservative-politician-theresa-may-accuses-european-union-officials-of-trying-to-influence-the-upcoming-elections.md) _Context: Conservatives, European Union, Theresa May, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
2. [British Prime Minister Theresa May faces backlash after accusations emerge that the Conservatives allegedly planned on reducing social welfare spending. ](/news/2017/05/22/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-faces-backlash-after-accusations-emerge-that-the-conservatives-allegedly-planned-on-reducing-social-welfa.md) _Context: Conservatives, Theresa May, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
3. [British Prime Minister Theresa May signs a letter invoking Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union. Its notification to the European Council tomorrow will formally begin the UK's withdrawal from the European Union. ](/news/2017/03/28/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-signs-a-letter-invoking-article-50-of-the-treaty-on-european-union-its-notification-to-the-european-coun.md) _Context: Brexit, European Union, Theresa May_
4. [British Prime Minister Theresa May announces that her government will trigger article 50, which begins the process of withdrawing from the European Union, on March 29. ](/news/2017/03/20/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-announces-that-her-government-will-trigger-article-50-which-begins-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-the-e.md) _Context: Brexit, European Union, Theresa May_
5. [Results of yesterday's snap election are counted, revealing a hung parliament as the Conservative Party fails to retain its parliamentary majority, despite remaining the party with the most seats. Prime Minister Theresa May announced that she will form a minority government with the support of the Northern Irish Democratic Unionist Party. ](/news/2017/06/9/results-of-yesterday-s-snap-election-are-counted-revealing-a-hung-parliament-as-the-conservative-party-fails-to-retain-its-parliamentary-ma.md) _Context: Theresa May, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
6. [Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-conservatives-battling-in-a-tight-race.md) _Context: Theresa May, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
7. [Aftermath of the Prime Minister Theresa May's closest advisers, Fiona Hill and Nick Timothy, resign as her Chief of Staffs amid criticism over their role in the Conservative Party's election campaign. ](/news/2017/06/10/aftermath-of-the-prime-minister-theresa-may-s-closest-advisers-fiona-hill-and-nick-timothy-resign-as-her-chief-of-staffs-amid-criticism-ov.md) _Context: Theresa May, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
8. [Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn debates with Conservative leader Theresa May. ](/news/2017/05/29/labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-debates-with-conservative-leader-theresa-may.md) _Context: Theresa May, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
9. [European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expatriates.md) _Context: Brexit, European Union_
10. [British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held-on-the-8th-of-june-a-two-thirds-major.md) _Context: Theresa May, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
