### [2017-05-2](/news/2017/05/2/index.md)

# Philippine vice president Leni Robredo faces an impeachment charge before the House of Representatives for condemning the country's war on drugs at the United Nations. 

An impeachment complaint is set to be filed against Vice President Leni Robredo before the House of Representatives on Tuesday afternoon, according to reports. 


### Source:

1. [Philippine Star](http://www.philstar.com/headlines/2017/05/02/1695984/impeachment-complaint-be-filed-vs-robredo)

### Related:

1. [The United Nations Human Rights Council conducts a periodic review of the human rights situation in the Philippines. ](/news/2017/05/8/the-united-nations-human-rights-council-conducts-a-periodic-review-of-the-human-rights-situation-in-the-philippines.md) _Context: Philippine, Philippine Drug War, United Nations_
2. [Philippines president  Rodrigo Duterte accuses the opposition Liberal Party of trying to oust him and install the current vice president  Leni Robredo to the presidency. ](/news/2016/12/7/philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-accuses-the-opposition-liberal-party-of-trying-to-oust-him-and-install-the-current-vice-president-le.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, Philippine, Philippine Drug War_
3. [Rodrigo Duterte threatens to withdraw the Philippines from its founding membership of the United Nations after the international body criticized him over alleged human rights violations. ](/news/2016/08/21/rodrigo-duterte-threatens-to-withdraw-the-philippines-from-its-founding-membership-of-the-united-nations-after-the-international-body-critic.md) _Context: Philippine, Philippine Drug War, United Nations_
4. [Rodrigo Duterte is inaugurated as President of the Philippines and Leni Robredo as Vice President. ](/news/2016/06/30/rodrigo-duterte-is-inaugurated-as-president-of-the-philippines-and-leni-robredo-as-vice-president.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, Philippine, Vice President of the Philippines_
5. [  The Congress of the Philippines proclaims Rodrigo Duterte and Leni Robredo as President-elect and Vice President-elect of the Philippines, respectively. ](/news/2016/05/30/the-congress-of-the-philippines-proclaims-rodrigo-duterte-and-leni-robredo-as-president-elect-and-vice-president-elect-of-the-philippines.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, Philippine, Vice President of the Philippines_
6. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte threatens the ''Philippine Daily Inquirer'' with an expose. The newspaper has been a long-time ally of the politically prominent Aquino family (ever since the 1986 EDSA People Power Revolution), as well as the minority opposition Liberal Party (of which the Vice President of the Philippines Leni Robredo is its prominent member); both have been consistent in their criticisms of the Duterty presidency and its policies since its inauguration in 2016. ](/news/2017/07/1/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-threatens-the-philippine-daily-inquirer-with-an-exposa-c-the-newspaper-has-been-a-long-time.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, Vice President of the Philippines_
7. [A Filipino lawyer files a complaint of "mass murder and crimes against humanity" against Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte and eleven other officials at the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2017/04/24/a-filipino-lawyer-files-a-complaint-of-mass-murder-and-crimes-against-humanity-against-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-and-eleven-ot.md) _Context: Philippine, Philippine Drug War_
8. [Bongbong Marcos asks the Philippine Supreme Court to dismiss a counter-protest by current vice president Leni Robredo regarding her narrow victory in last year's national elections. ](/news/2017/04/20/bongbong-marcos-asks-the-philippine-supreme-court-to-dismiss-a-counter-protest-by-current-vice-president-leni-robredo-regarding-her-narrow-v.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, Vice President of the Philippines_
9. [Bongbong Marcos pays [?]36 million, half of the required amount to hold a recount against Philippine vice president Leni Robredo.](/news/2017/04/17/bongbong-marcos-pays-a-36-million-half-of-the-required-amount-to-hold-a-recount-against-philippine-vice-president-leni-robredo.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, Vice President of the Philippines_
10. [The Liberal Party of the Philippines, the party of vice president Leni Robredo and detained senator Leila de Lima, formally becomes the opposition after its members and its ally from the Akbayan party are ousted from key positions in the Senate. ](/news/2017/02/27/the-liberal-party-of-the-philippines-the-party-of-vice-president-leni-robredo-and-detained-senator-leila-de-lima-formally-becomes-the-oppo.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, Philippine_
