### [2004-07-13](/news/2004/07/13/index.md)

#  Al Jazeera television reports that a Bulgarian hostage held in Iraq by suspected al-Qaeda ally Abu Musab al-Zarqawi has been executed. A video tape of the murder was provided to Al Jazeera. The group vows to execute another hostage within 24 hours. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=5659862)

### Related:

1. [ The "pre-election offensive" against the Iraqi resistance continues in the rebel-held city of Fallujah, with air-strikes killing at least 16, including women and children. Joint U.S.-Iraqi forces say that they are targeting Jordanian militant Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, who is linked to al-Qaeda. The U.S. military says it is investigating an incident that occurred September 12 in Baghdad in which five people, including an "al-Arabiya" journalist broadcasting live, were killed in a helicopter attack. ](/news/2004/09/13/the-pre-election-offensive-against-the-iraqi-resistance-continues-in-the-rebel-held-city-of-fallujah-with-air-strikes-killing-at-least-1.md) _Context: Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, al-Qaeda, rebel-held_
2. [ Al Jazeera television releases an audio tape featuring a message believed to have been recorded by al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden. ](/news/2007/11/29/al-jazeera-television-releases-an-audio-tape-featuring-a-message-believed-to-have-been-recorded-by-al-qaeda-leader-osama-bin-laden.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, al-Qaeda_
3. [ Al Jazeera airs an audiotape from Osama bin Laden saying al-Qaeda is making preparations for attacks in the United States but offering a "long-term truce" to rebuild Iraq and Afghanistan. ](/news/2006/01/19/al-jazeera-airs-an-audiotape-from-osama-bin-laden-saying-al-qaeda-is-making-preparations-for-attacks-in-the-united-states-but-offering-a-l.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, al-Qaeda_
4. [ Imad Yarkas is convicted in Spain of conspiracy with al-Qaeda in the September 11, 2001 attacks and sentenced to 27 years. Driss Chebli, was convicted of collaborating with a terrorist group and sentenced to six years, Al Jazeera journalist Tayseer Allouni was also convicted of collaborating with a terrorist group and sentenced to seven years, while Ghasoub al-Abrash Ghalyoun was acquitted on all counts. [http://news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&u=/ap/20050926/ap_on_re_eu/spain_sept11_trial (AP)] (Link dead as of 21:25, 14 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/09/26/imad-yarkas-is-convicted-in-spain-of-conspiracy-with-al-qaeda-in-the-september-11-2001-attacks-and-sentenced-to-27-years-driss-chebli-wa.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, al-Qaeda_
5. [ Al Jazeera broadcasts a video tape claimed to be supplied by Al-Qaeda which apparently shows suicide bomber Mohammad Sidique Khan prior to the 7 July 2005 London bombings stating that he would take part in the attacks. He warned Westerners that they would not be safe because of their "crimes against humanity." ](/news/2005/09/1/al-jazeera-broadcasts-a-video-tape-claimed-to-be-supplied-by-al-qaeda-which-apparently-shows-suicide-bomber-mohammad-sidique-khan-prior-to.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, al-Qaeda_
6. [ Al-Qaeda in Iraq claims in its website that Abu Musab al-Zarqawi has been wounded. ](/news/2005/05/24/al-qaeda-in-iraq-claims-in-its-website-that-abu-musab-al-zarqawi-has-been-wounded.md) _Context: Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, al-Qaeda_
7. [ Conflict in Iraq: Tawhid and Jihad, a militant group led by Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, beheads American hostage Jack Hensley. The group threatens to behead the remaining hostage, Briton Kenneth Bigley, within 24 hours unless the United States meets its demands. Eugene Armstrong was beheaded yesterday. ](/news/2004/09/21/conflict-in-iraq-tawhid-and-jihad-a-militant-group-led-by-abu-musab-al-zarqawi-beheads-american-hostage-jack-hensley-the-group-threaten.md) _Context: Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, rebel-held_
8. [ Conflict in Iraq: Tawhid and Jihad, a militant group led by Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, beheads American hostage Eugene Armstrong. The group threatens to behead two additional hostages, American Jack Hensley and Briton Kenneth Bigley, within 24 hours unless the United States meets its demands. ](/news/2004/09/20/conflict-in-iraq-tawhid-and-jihad-a-militant-group-led-by-abu-musab-al-zarqawi-beheads-american-hostage-eugene-armstrong-the-group-thre.md) _Context: Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, rebel-held_
9. [ The Iraqi government blames Al Qaeda ally Abu Musab al-Zarqawi for a series of church bombings that killed at least 11 people, saying the aim was to spark religious strife and drive Christians out of the country. ](/news/2004/08/2/the-iraqi-government-blames-al-qaeda-ally-abu-musab-al-zarqawi-for-a-series-of-church-bombings-that-killed-at-least-11-people-saying-the-a.md) _Context: Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, al-Qaeda_
10. [ Terrorism: On the eve of the second anniversary of the September 11 terrorist attacks, the Arabic-language television channel Al Jazeera airs a videotape, purportedly from Osama bin Laden. The videotape shows two men, including one meant to be bin Laden, walking down an (unidentified) rocky hillside. Al Jazeera said the other man seen on the tape, carrying an automatic rifle, was Ayman al-Zawahri, the Egyptian physician who merged his Islamic Jihad organization with Al Qaeda. The tape was claimed to have been made in late April or early May. An accompanying audiotape, attributed to the deputy, Ayman al-Zawahri, called on Iraqis to "bury" American troops in Iraq.](/news/2003/09/10/terrorism-on-the-eve-of-the-second-anniversary-of-the-september-11-terrorist-attacks-the-arabic-language-television-channel-al-jazeera-ai.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, al-Qaeda_
