### [2017-04-14](/news/2017/04/14/index.md)

# The Afghan Ministry of Defense reports as many as 36 suspected ISIL militants were killed while no civilians were harmed in yesterday's bombing in Nangarhar Province using the so-called "mother of all bombs" (GBU-43). The ministry spokesman added these deaths have not been independently verified. 

The top U.S. military commander in Afghanistan said on Friday the decision to deploy one of the largest conventional bombs ever unleashed in combat was a purely tactical decision made as part of the campaign against Islamic State-linked fighters.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-afghanistan-bomb-idUSKBN17F27U)

### Related:

1. [A U.S. special forces service member is killed while taking part in an operation against ISIL militants in Afghanistan's eastern Nangarhar Province. ](/news/2017/04/8/a-u-s-special-forces-service-member-is-killed-while-taking-part-in-an-operation-against-isil-militants-in-afghanistan-s-eastern-nangarhar-p.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Nangarhar Province, War in Afghanistan_
2. [The United States Air Force drops the GBU-43/B Massive Ordnance Air Blast in Nangarhar Province, Afghanistan, reportedly on an ISIL complex of tunnels and caves. This is the first use of the weapon on the battlefield.  ](/news/2017/04/13/the-united-states-air-force-drops-the-gbu-43-b-massive-ordnance-air-blast-in-nangarhar-province-afghanistan-reportedly-on-an-isil-complex.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Nangarhar Province, mother of all bombs_
3. [The death toll according to a Nangarhar official source now stands at 94 militants, including 4 commanders. Former president Hamid Karzai says the strike was in violation of national sovereignty. ](/news/2017/04/15/the-death-toll-according-to-a-nangarhar-official-source-now-stands-at-94-militants-including-4-commanders-former-president-hamid-karzai-sa.md) _Context: 2017 Nangarhar airstrike, Nangarhar Province_
4. [At least seven people are killed when their vehicle hits a roadside bomb in Nangarhar Province. ](/news/2017/01/15/at-least-seven-people-are-killed-when-their-vehicle-hits-a-roadside-bomb-in-nangarhar-province.md) _Context: Nangarhar Province, War in Afghanistan_
5. [At least two people are killed and dozens more are wounded in a suicide bombing in Jalalabad, Nangarhar Province. ](/news/2016/07/2/at-least-two-people-are-killed-and-dozens-more-are-wounded-in-a-suicide-bombing-in-jalalabad-nangarhar-province.md) _Context: Nangarhar Province, War in Afghanistan_
6. [Fighting breaks out between ISIL militants and Afghan police in the Haska Mina District, Nangarhar Province, leaving six police officers and 15 militants dead, according to officials. ](/news/2016/06/11/fighting-breaks-out-between-isil-militants-and-afghan-police-in-the-haska-mina-district-nangarhar-province-leaving-six-police-officers-and.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Nangarhar Province_
7. [A U.S. drone strike kills at least 6 ISIL militants in Afghanistan's Nangarhar Province, according to the Afghan defense ministry. ](/news/2016/01/26/a-u-s-drone-strike-kills-at-least-6-isil-militants-in-afghanistan-s-nangarhar-province-according-to-the-afghan-defense-ministry.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Nangarhar Province_
8. [Militants reportedly allied to the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant launch coordinated attacks on government positions in the eastern Nangarhar Province close to the border with Pakistan. Two police officers are reportedly killed. ](/news/2015/09/27/militants-reportedly-allied-to-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-launch-coordinated-attacks-on-government-positions-in-the-eastern-na.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Nangarhar Province_
9. [Despite opposition from Turkey, President Donald Trump authorizes an arms deal with the Syrian Kurds to assist the Syrian Democratic Forces in their fight against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). ](/news/2017/05/9/despite-opposition-from-turkey-president-donald-trump-authorizes-an-arms-deal-with-the-syrian-kurds-to-assist-the-syrian-democratic-forces.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
