### [2017-04-14](/news/2017/04/14/index.md)

# The Shadow Brokers group releases files allegedly from the National Security Agency which indicate efforts to monitor financial transactions made through the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication. 

Hackers released documents and files on Friday that cybersecurity experts said indicated the U.S. National Security Agency had accessed the SWIFT interbank messaging system, allowing it to monitor money flows among some Middle Eastern and Latin American banks.


### Source:

1. [Engadget](https://www.engadget.com/2017/04/14/shadow-brokers-dump-windows-zero-day/)
2. [Motherboard](https://motherboard.vice.com/en_us/article/we-can-calm-down-microsoft-already-patched-most-of-the-shadow-brokers-exploits)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-cyber-swift-idUSKBN17G1HC)

### Related:

1. [NSA documents show the US and UK spied on Israeli military drones and fighter jets. ](/news/2016/01/30/nsa-documents-show-the-us-and-uk-spied-on-israeli-military-drones-and-fighter-jets.md) _Context: Global surveillance disclosures (2013-present), National Security Agency_
2. [The Wikimedia Foundation and eight other organisations file a lawsuit in the state of Maryland, US against the National Security Agency and the United States Department of Justice regarding the NSA's mass surveillance program. The Wikimedia Foundation is the owner and parent company of Wikipedia. ](/news/2015/03/10/the-wikimedia-foundation-and-eight-other-organisations-file-a-lawsuit-in-the-state-of-maryland-us-against-the-national-security-agency-and.md) _Context: Global surveillance disclosures (2013-present), National Security Agency_
3. [''Wikimedia Foundation v. NSA''The United States Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals rules that Wikimedia Foundation has the legal right to challenge the National Security Agency Upstream program of mass online surveillance. This decision reinstates the suit that had been dismissed by a Federal district judge in Baltimore, Maryland. Eight other organizations, including Amnesty International USA and the Global Fund for Women, are also plaintiffs in this case. ](/news/2017/05/23/wikimedia-foundation-v-nsa-pthe-united-states-fourth-circuit-court-of-appeals-rules-that-wikimedia-foundation-has-the-legal-right-to-cha.md) _Context: National Security Agency_
4. [A ransomware cyberattack continues to infect computers of private and public organisations around the world, and demand payment in bitcoin. The method used by the program, EternalBlue, was originally developed by the National Security Agency to exploit a vulnerability in Microsoft Windows, and was leaked by The Shadow Brokers in April. ](/news/2017/05/13/a-ransomware-cyberattack-continues-to-infect-computers-of-private-and-public-organisations-around-the-world-and-demand-payment-in-bitcoin.md) _Context: National Security Agency_
5. [The Supreme Court of Norway rejects NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden's extradition lawsuit against the Norwegian government. ](/news/2016/11/25/the-supreme-court-of-norway-rejects-nsa-whistleblower-edward-snowden-s-extradition-lawsuit-against-the-norwegian-government.md) _Context: National Security Agency_
6. [The United States Department of Justice charges a top secret security clearance National Security Agency contractor, Harold Thomas Martin III, with theft of government property and unauthorised removal of "highly classified" materials. ](/news/2016/10/5/the-united-states-department-of-justice-charges-a-top-secret-security-clearance-national-security-agency-contractor-harold-thomas-martin-ii.md) _Context: National Security Agency_
7. [Following his October 5 arrest, U.S. federal prosecutors in Baltimore charge Harold T. Martin III, a former National Security Agency contractor, for violating the Espionage Act, specifically, with felony theft of government property. Prosecutors state that, over a 20-year time period, Martin stole at least 50 terabytes of data and "six full bankers boxes" of classified and other documents. The prosecutors state that Martin had an "arsenal" of weapons in his home. ](/news/2016/10/20/following-his-october-5-arrest-u-s-federal-prosecutors-in-baltimore-charge-harold-t-martin-iii-a-former-national-security-agency-contrac.md) _Context: National Security Agency_
8. [Computer security firm Symantec warns a second hacking group, going by the name Odinaff, is trying to rob banks using fraudulent SWIFT messages, the same approach that yielded U.S.$81 million in February's attack on Bangladesh's central bank. So far, the group has infected 10 to 20 organizations with this  malware. ](/news/2016/10/11/computer-security-firm-symantec-warns-a-second-hacking-group-going-by-the-name-odinaff-is-trying-to-rob-banks-using-fraudulent-swift-messa.md) _Context: Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication_
9. [The U.S. House Intelligence Committee releases a summary of its two-year investigation into former NSA contractor Edward Snowden which downplays his alleged status as a whistleblower while acknowledging "tremendous damage to national security" as a result of the classified documents he stole. ](/news/2016/09/15/the-u-s-house-intelligence-committee-releases-a-summary-of-its-two-year-investigation-into-former-nsa-contractor-edward-snowden-which-downp.md) _Context: National Security Agency_
10. [The U.S. National Security Agency's website goes down amid hacking fears. ](/news/2016/08/17/the-u-s-national-security-agency-s-website-goes-down-amid-hacking-fears.md) _Context: National Security Agency_
