### [2009-07-31](/news/2009/07/31/index.md)

#  Briton Gary McKinnon, accused of carrying out the biggest ever U.S. military hacking operation, loses his court appeal to have his case heard in Britain, and faces extradition to the United States. 

The British High Court has ruled against a last-ditch bid by Gary McKinnon to avoid extradition to the US where he faces trial for hacking into military networks.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2009/WORLD/europe/07/31/british.hacker.mckinnon/index.html)
2. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2009/0731/mckinnong.html)

### Related:

1. [ In the United Kingdom, the Appellate Committee of the House of Lords rejects an appeal by alleged British computer hacker Gary McKinnon against extradition to the United States to face charges of hacking into Pentagon and NASA computers. ](/news/2008/07/30/in-the-united-kingdom-the-appellate-committee-of-the-house-of-lords-rejects-an-appeal-by-alleged-british-computer-hacker-gary-mckinnon-aga.md) _Context: Gary McKinnon, United Kingdom, United States, extradited_
2. [The European Union narrowly votes (285-281) to recommend that its 28 member nations drop criminal charges against Edward Snowden and protect him from U.S. extradition and to recognize him as a defender of human rights because of his revelations regarding U.S. and British spying. ](/news/2015/10/29/the-european-union-narrowly-votes-285a281-to-recommend-that-its-28-member-nations-drop-criminal-charges-against-edward-snowden-and-prote.md) _Context: United Kingdom, United States, extradited_
3. [ The City of Westminster Magistrates' Court rules Egyptian-born Muslim cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri can be extradited from the United Kingdom to the United States, where he is accused of terrorism. ](/news/2007/11/15/the-city-of-westminster-magistrates-court-rules-egyptian-born-muslim-cleric-abu-hamza-al-masri-can-be-extradited-from-the-united-kingdom-t.md) _Context: United Kingdom, United States, extradited_
4. [Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-charter-08-is-suffering-fr.md) _Context: United Kingdom, United States_
5. [American consumer goods company Post Holdings agrees to acquire British cereal maker Weetabix Limited from China's Bright Food for $1.8 billion. ](/news/2017/04/18/american-consumer-goods-company-post-holdings-agrees-to-acquire-british-cereal-maker-weetabix-limited-from-china-s-bright-food-for-1-8-bill.md) _Context: United Kingdom, United States_
6. [Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states-calli.md) _Context: United Kingdom, United States_
7. [The United States and the United Kingdom call for, "within hours," an immediate and unconditional ceasefire in Yemen to end the violence following last week's Saudi airstrikes, based on bad information, that killed around 140 people. ](/news/2016/10/16/the-united-states-and-the-united-kingdom-call-for-within-hours-an-immediate-and-unconditional-ceasefire-in-yemen-to-end-the-violence-fol.md) _Context: United Kingdom, United States_
8. [The United States, United Kingdom, and France seek a meeting of the United Nations Security Council to discuss the declining security situation in Aleppo. ](/news/2016/09/25/the-united-states-united-kingdom-and-france-seek-a-meeting-of-the-united-nations-security-council-to-discuss-the-declining-security-situat.md) _Context: United Kingdom, United States_
9. [The United Kingdom agrees to allow alleged hacker Lauri Love to be extradited to the United States. ](/news/2016/09/16/the-united-kingdom-agrees-to-allow-alleged-hacker-lauri-love-to-be-extradited-to-the-united-states.md) _Context: United Kingdom, United States_
10. [Threatening robocalls lead to mass evacuation of students in the United States and United Kingdom. None of the threats were found to be credible but disrupted General Certificate of Secondary Education tests in the UK. ](/news/2016/05/23/threatening-robocalls-lead-to-mass-evacuation-of-students-in-the-united-states-and-united-kingdom-none-of-the-threats-were-found-to-be-cred.md) _Context: United Kingdom, United States_
