### [2004-03-27](/news/2004/03/27/index.md)

#  John Kerry joins other Democrats calling for National Security Advisor Condoleezza Rice to testify before the September 11 commission and states the White House should learn from President Franklin Delano Roosevelt's openness during an inquiry after Pearl Harbor. 




### Source:

1. [The Atlanta Journal-Constitution](http://www.ajc.com/news/content/news/election/0304nation/28kerry.html)

### Related:

1. [ US National Security Advisor Condoleezza Rice testifies before the September 11 Commission. Rice states President George W. Bush understood threat from al-Qaeda before September 11. She asserts "the terrorists were at war with us, but we were not yet at war with them." She also says that President George W. Bush came into office in 2001 determined to develop a "more robust" policy to combat Al-Qaida. The commission asks the White House to declassify a key August 2001 document entitled ""Bin Ladin Determined to Strike in US"". ](/news/2004/04/8/us-national-security-advisor-condoleezza-rice-testifies-before-the-september-11-commission-rice-states-president-george-w-bush-understood.md) _Context: 9/11 Commission, Condoleezza Rice, National Security Advisor, White House_
2. [ The White House allows Condoleezza Rice, the president's National Security Advisor, to publicly testify under oath on the investigation into the September 11, 2001 attacks. ](/news/2004/03/30/the-white-house-allows-condoleezza-rice-the-president-s-national-security-advisor-to-publicly-testify-under-oath-on-the-investigation-int.md) _Context: Condoleezza Rice, National Security Advisor, White House_
3. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met today in Berlin with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu regarding the recent spate of violence between Palestinians and Israelis. Kerry will meet on Saturday with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and King Abdullah of Jordan in Amman. ](/news/2015/10/22/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-met-today-in-berlin-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-regarding-the-recent-spate-of-violence.md) _Context: John Kerry, President_
4. [ United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice says the White House wants to broker a permanent deal between Israel and the Palestinian Authority before President George W. Bush leaves office. ](/news/2007/11/21/united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-says-the-white-house-wants-to-broker-a-permanent-deal-between-israel-and-the-palestinian.md) _Context: Condoleezza Rice, White House_
5. [ White House officials announce that Condoleezza Rice will be nominated to succeed Colin Powell as Secretary of State. ](/news/2004/11/16/white-house-officials-announce-that-condoleezza-rice-will-be-nominated-to-succeed-colin-powell-as-secretary-of-state.md) _Context: Condoleezza Rice, White House_
6. [ Sandy Berger resigns as a foreign affairs advisor to John Kerry's presidential campaign after it is reported that Berger was under investigation for allegedly illegally taking classified documents belonging to the U.S. National Archives, intended for review by the 9/11 Commission, related to the Clinton administration's handling of millennium terror threats. ](/news/2004/07/20/sandy-berger-resigns-as-a-foreign-affairs-advisor-to-john-kerry-s-presidential-campaign-after-it-is-reported-that-berger-was-under-investig.md) _Context: 9/11 Commission, John Kerry_
7. [ Responding to requests by the September 11th Commission, the White House releases a newly declassified President's Daily Brief from a month before the September 11, 2001 attacks warning of possible al-Qaeda activity, including planned hijackings, within the United States. ](/news/2004/04/10/responding-to-requests-by-the-september-11th-commission-the-white-house-releases-a-newly-declassified-president-s-daily-brief-from-a-month.md) _Context: 9/11 Commission, White House_
8. [ The White House reserves judgement on the Federal Marriage Amendment, a proposed constitutional amendment to define marriage as a "union of a man and a woman", until Massachusetts legislature and San Francisco courts take further action. Media reports speculate that the White House will probably also keep their opinion quiet until Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry takes a stand on the issue. ](/news/2004/02/19/the-white-house-reserves-judgement-on-the-federal-marriage-amendment-a-proposed-constitutional-amendment-to-define-marriage-as-a-union-of.md) _Context: John Kerry, White House_
9. [Kurt Volker, U.S. special representative for Ukraine, says in a BBC News interview that the White House is considering arming Ukrainian government forces fighting Pro-Russian militants with defensive weapons. ](/news/2017/07/25/kurt-volker-u-s-special-representative-for-ukraine-says-in-a-bbc-news-interview-that-the-white-house-is-considering-arming-ukrainian-gove.md) _Context: White House_
10. [The White House releases unredacted emails of people concerned about the Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity. Sensitive information revealed in the emails prompts immediate backlash and privacy concerns. ](/news/2017/07/14/the-white-house-releases-unredacted-emails-of-people-concerned-about-the-presidential-advisory-commission-on-election-integrity-sensitive-i.md) _Context: White House_
