### [2003-10-19](/news/2003/10/19/index.md)

#  A new biography, reported in "The Sunday Times", claims that the prosecution of Oscar Wilde for sodomy was ordered by the then Liberal government, in a deal with the Marquess of Queensberry, the father of Lord Alfred Douglas, to prevent his exposure of a homosexual relationship between another of his sons, Viscount Drumlanrig, and British Prime Minister Lord Rosebery. According to reports, future prime minister H. H. Asquith played a key role in negotiating the deal, which led to the imprisonment of the Irish writer.date=February 2010




### Related:

1. [British Prime Minister David Cameron, under pressure from Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn and the Foreign Affairs Committee, will not ask for a vote by Parliament to join the U.S. airstrikes in Syria. ](/news/2015/11/5/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-under-pressure-from-labour-party-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-the-foreign-affairs-committee-will-not-ask.md) _Context: British Prime Minister_
2. [British Prime Minister David Cameron, in a speech to the House of Commons says that Islamic extremists have already threatened citizens of the United Kingdom and UK military airstrikes against ISIL in Syria will serve only to make the UK safer. Cameron also says that the UK cannot outsource its security and must stand by France in the wake of the November 2015 Paris attacks. ](/news/2015/11/26/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-in-a-speech-to-the-house-of-commons-says-that-islamic-extremists-have-already-threatened-citizens-of-t.md) _Context: British Prime Minister_
3. [The Federal Court of Malaysia rejects opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim's appeal against sodomy charges meaning he will start serving a five-year sentence. ](/news/2015/02/10/the-federal-court-of-malaysia-rejects-opposition-leader-anwar-ibrahim-s-appeal-against-sodomy-charges-meaning-he-will-start-serving-a-five-y.md) _Context: sodomy_
4. [British Prime Minister David Cameron orders a fresh investigation into allegations of sexual abuse involving a senior Conservative politician from the Thatcher era. The allegations concern sexual abuse at children's homes in Wales during the 1970s and 1980s. ](/news/2012/11/5/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-orders-a-fresh-investigation-into-allegations-of-sexual-abuse-involving-a-senior-conservative-politicia.md) _Context: British Prime Minister_
5. [The High Court of Kuala Lumpur rules that Malaysian Opposition Leader Anwar Ibrahim has a case to answer on sodomy charges. ](/news/2011/05/16/the-high-court-of-kuala-lumpur-rules-that-malaysian-opposition-leader-anwar-ibrahim-has-a-case-to-answer-on-sodomy-charges.md) _Context: sodomy_
6. [Newly released cables from Australian intelligence show the intelligence assessment that charges of sodomy laid against Malaysian opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim are due to a "set up job" that he "walked into". Others refer to Malaysia as a "confused and dangerous" state, Thai politicians as corrupt and Crown Prince Maha Vajiralongkorn as "very erratic and easily subject to influence", and Japan as a "big fat loser". ](/news/2010/12/12/newly-released-cables-from-australian-intelligence-show-the-intelligence-assessment-that-charges-of-sodomy-laid-against-malaysian-opposition.md) _Context: sodomy_
7. [Oscar Wilde receives a Google doodle on the 156th anniversary of his birthday, a portrait from his novel "The Picture of Dorian Gray". ](/news/2010/10/16/oscar-wilde-receives-a-google-doodle-on-the-156th-anniversary-of-his-birthday-a-portrait-from-his-novel-the-picture-of-dorian-gray.md) _Context: Oscar Wilde_
8. [18-year-old Ebrahim Hamidi is sentenced to death for sodomy in Iran, without legal representation after human rights lawyer Mohammad Mostafaei flees in the wake of the Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani case. ](/news/2010/08/8/18-year-old-ebrahim-hamidi-is-sentenced-to-death-for-sodomy-in-iran-without-legal-representation-after-human-rights-lawyer-mohammad-mostafa.md) _Context: sodomy_
9. [The trial of Malaysian opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim on sodomy charges is deferred until August 9. ](/news/2010/08/2/the-trial-of-malaysian-opposition-leader-anwar-ibrahim-on-sodomy-charges-is-deferred-until-august-9.md) _Context: sodomy_
10. [British Prime Minister Gordon Brown calls a general election for 6 May. ](/news/2010/04/6/british-prime-minister-gordon-brown-calls-a-general-election-for-6-may.md) _Context: British Prime Minister_
