### [2003-10-19](/news/2003/10/19/index.md)

#  Bomb blows up a pickup truck on a dirt road in Afghanistan's eastern Kunar Province, killing four people, and two Afghan soldiers are killed in a separate land mine explosion in the country's south. The explosions come two days after the Taliban "allegedly" distributed pamphlets warning against working with the post-Taliban government of President Hamid Karzai.




### Related:

1. [Fifteen Taliban militants, including the shadow governor for Kunar Province, are killed in a NATO airstrike. ](/news/2015/06/14/fifteen-taliban-militants-including-the-shadow-governor-for-kunar-province-are-killed-in-a-nato-airstrike.md) _Context: Kunar Province, Taliban_
2. [The Taliban attack an Afghan Armed Forces base in Kunar province, killing 19 soldiers and kidnapping seven. ](/news/2014/02/23/the-taliban-attack-an-afghan-armed-forces-base-in-kunar-province-killing-19-soldiers-and-kidnapping-seven.md) _Context: Kunar Province, Taliban_
3. [Attorney general Mohammad Ishaq Aloko is fired by Afghan President Hamid Karzai, over an unsanctioned meeting with Taliban peace negotiators in the United Arab Emirates. ](/news/2013/08/19/attorney-general-mohammad-ishaq-aloko-is-fired-by-afghan-president-hamid-karzai-over-an-unsanctioned-meeting-with-taliban-peace-negotiators.md) _Context: Hamid Karzai, Taliban_
4. [Afghanistan President Hamid Karzai denounces the reported death of eleven children at the hands of NATO forces in Kunar Province and orders a government inquiry into the killings. ](/news/2013/04/8/afghanistan-president-hamid-karzai-denounces-the-reported-death-of-eleven-children-at-the-hands-of-nato-forces-in-kunar-province-and-orders.md) _Context: Hamid Karzai, Kunar Province_
5. [President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai meets with Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani, the Emir of Qatar, to discuss plans for the Taliban to open an office in Doha in order to help solve the conflict in Afghanistan. ](/news/2013/03/31/president-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-meets-with-sheikh-hamad-bin-khalifa-al-thani-the-emir-of-qatar-to-discuss-plans-for-the-taliban-to-o.md) _Context: Hamid Karzai, Taliban_
6. [Afghan President Hamid Karzai confirms holding unofficial talks with Taliban "for quite some time" in order to end the nine-year war. ](/news/2010/10/11/afghan-president-hamid-karzai-confirms-holding-unofficial-talks-with-taliban-for-quite-some-time-in-order-to-end-the-nine-year-war.md) _Context: Hamid Karzai, Taliban_
7. [President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai's senior adviser says the government has commenced talks with some Taliban leaders. ](/news/2010/08/8/president-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-s-senior-adviser-says-the-government-has-commenced-talks-with-some-taliban-leaders.md) _Context: Hamid Karzai, Taliban_
8. [General Stanley A. McChrystal, America's top military commander in Afghanistan, submits his resignation after being summoned home by an "angry" Barack Obama due to his expression of critical opinions about senior American politicians and diplomats in a "Rolling Stone" magazine profile. Afghan President Hamid Karzai supports McChrystal, while the Taliban say the incident is "another sign of the start of the political defeat" for America's Afghan policies. ](/news/2010/06/23/general-stanley-a-mcchrystal-america-s-top-military-commander-in-afghanistan-submits-his-resignation-after-being-summoned-home-by-an-ang.md) _Context: Hamid Karzai, Taliban_
9. [Hamid Karzai, the President of Afghanistan, opens a national peace conference to discuss negotiating with the Taliban. A rocket lands near the venue of the conference in Kabul and a suicide bomber sets off explosives outside the conference. ](/news/2010/06/2/hamid-karzai-the-president-of-afghanistan-opens-a-national-peace-conference-to-discuss-negotiating-with-the-taliban-a-rocket-lands-near-t.md) _Context: Hamid Karzai, Taliban_
10. [President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai threatens to join the Taliban if the Afghani Parliament refuses to approve his proposal to take control of the electoral apparatus from the United Nations. ](/news/2010/04/4/president-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-threatens-to-join-the-taliban-if-the-afghani-parliament-refuses-to-approve-his-proposal-to-take-contro.md) _Context: Hamid Karzai, Taliban_
