### [2003-10-19](/news/2003/10/19/index.md)

#  British Prime Minister Tony Blair is rushed to hospital with heart problems. An irregular heart-beat is diagnosed. Blair is given a cardioversion in hospital, where he stays for four or five hours before going back to Number 10 Downing Street, and is ordered by his doctors to take 24 hours complete rest.




### Related:

1. [ British Prime Minister Tony Blair urges Labour Party to 'weather the storm' during current political crisis for the party, and that 'policies will win the next election'. ](/news/2007/02/3/british-prime-minister-tony-blair-urges-labour-party-to-weather-the-storm-during-current-political-crisis-for-the-party-and-that-polici.md) _Context: British Prime Minister, Tony Blair_
2. [ British Prime Minister, Tony Blair, questioned for a second time in Scotland Yard's 'Cash for peerages' probe. Calls for an early departure for Blair increase.](/news/2007/02/1/british-prime-minister-tony-blair-questioned-for-a-second-time-in-scotland-yard-s-cash-for-peerages-probe-calls-for-an-early-departure.md) _Context: British Prime Minister, Tony Blair_
3. [ In an interview British Prime Minister Tony Blair says Iraq "is pretty much a disaster." ](/news/2006/11/17/in-an-interview-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-says-iraq-is-pretty-much-a-disaster.md) _Context: British Prime Minister, Tony Blair_
4. [ British Prime Minister Tony Blair's Labour Party suffers one of its worst electoral defeats, losing more than 200 council seats in the 2006 UK local elections, and coming third in total votes, behind the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats. ](/news/2006/05/4/british-prime-minister-tony-blair-s-labour-party-suffers-one-of-its-worst-electoral-defeats-losing-more-than-200-council-seats-in-the-2006.md) _Context: British Prime Minister, Tony Blair_
5. [ United Kingdom referendum on the European Constitution: P.M. Tony Blair confirms that a referendum will be held on the UK's ratification of the future EU constitution. ](/news/2004/04/20/united-kingdom-referendum-on-the-european-constitution-p-m-tony-blair-confirms-that-a-referendum-will-be-held-on-the-uk-s-ratification-of.md) _Context: British Prime Minister, Tony Blair_
6. [A researcher from the University of California, San Francisco discovers that the sugar industry may have manipulated studies about heart diseases. ](/news/2016/09/12/a-researcher-from-the-university-of-california-san-francisco-discovers-that-the-sugar-industry-may-have-manipulated-studies-about-heart-dis.md) _Context: heart disease_
7. [British Prime Minister David Cameron, under pressure from Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn and the Foreign Affairs Committee, will not ask for a vote by Parliament to join the U.S. airstrikes in Syria. ](/news/2015/11/5/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-under-pressure-from-labour-party-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-the-foreign-affairs-committee-will-not-ask.md) _Context: British Prime Minister_
8. [British Prime Minister David Cameron, in a speech to the House of Commons says that Islamic extremists have already threatened citizens of the United Kingdom and UK military airstrikes against ISIL in Syria will serve only to make the UK safer. Cameron also says that the UK cannot outsource its security and must stand by France in the wake of the November 2015 Paris attacks. ](/news/2015/11/26/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-in-a-speech-to-the-house-of-commons-says-that-islamic-extremists-have-already-threatened-citizens-of-t.md) _Context: British Prime Minister_
9. [Former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Tony Blair resigns as the peace envoy of the Quartet on the Middle East. ](/news/2015/05/27/former-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-tony-blair-resigns-as-the-peace-envoy-of-the-quartet-on-the-middle-east.md) _Context: Tony Blair_
10. [Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair agrees to become Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi's economic adviser as part of a program funded by the United Arab Emirates. ](/news/2014/07/2/former-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-agrees-to-become-egyptian-president-abdel-fattah-el-sisi-s-economic-adviser-as-part-of-a-program-fu.md) _Context: Tony Blair_
