### [2003-10-19](/news/2003/10/19/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Palestinian gunmen attack an Israeli army foot patrol near a West Bank village, kills three soldiers and wounds a fourth, rescue services and security sources state. Gunfire attacks near the Palestinian village of Ein Yabrud, east of the town of Ramallah, not far from the Israeli settlement of Ofra.




### Related:

1. [An Israeli soldier is killed during a car ramming attack near Ofra, in the West Bank. Another Israeli soldier was injured. A Palestinian suspected of committing the attack is taken into custody. ](/news/2017/04/6/an-israeli-soldier-is-killed-during-a-car-ramming-attack-near-ofra-in-the-west-bank-another-israeli-soldier-was-injured-a-palestinian-sus.md) _Context: Israel, Ofra, Palestinian, West Bank_
2. [ Israeli forces detain Palestinian Deputy Prime Minister Nasser al-Shaer in a raid on his home in the West Bank town of Ramallah. ](/news/2006/08/19/israeli-forces-detain-palestinian-deputy-prime-minister-nasser-al-shaer-in-a-raid-on-his-home-in-the-west-bank-town-of-ramallah.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, Ramallah, West Bank_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A Palestinian stone thrower is shot in the head and killed by Israeli troops raiding the West Bank city of Nablus. At least ten other Palestinians were injured by the IDF troops while two Israeli soldiers were injured by a bomb during the raid. ](/news/2005/12/13/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-palestinian-stone-thrower-is-shot-in-the-head-and-killed-by-israeli-troops-raiding-the-west-bank-city-of-na.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian, West Bank_
4. [ Israeli troops, who are still in the process of withdrawing from Gaza, shoot dead a Palestinian teenager as he and about 50 others breach a fence around the evacuated Israeli settlement of Gush Katif and climbed atop of IDF tanks. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220914.stm (BBC)] [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/621804.html (Haaretz)] The Israeli Minister for Education, Limor Livnat, has called on her government to expand Israeli settlements in the West Bank as "dividend" of the pullout of the Gaza Strip. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220300.stm (BBC)], [http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13718&Itemid=1 (IMEMC)] The Israeli Housing Minister, Isaac Herzog, told Israel Radio that Israel does not intend to construct in E1 the area between the Maale Adumim Israeli settlement and Jerusalem in the coming years, adding that Israeli government statements to the contrary were part of the "internal conflict" at the Likud party. ([http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13724&Itemid=1 IMEMC])](/news/2005/09/6/israeli-troops-who-are-still-in-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-gaza-shoot-dead-a-palestinian-teenager-as-he-and-about-50-others-breach-a.md) _Context: Israel, Jewish settlement, Palestinian, West Bank_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: An Israeli settler kills 3 Palestinian civilians in the West Bank. The attack was condemned by Ariel Sharon as a "Jewish Terror act" and "twisted thinking" while Hamas claimed the right to avenge the deaths. ](/news/2005/08/17/israeli-palestinian-conflict-an-israeli-settler-kills-3-palestinian-civilians-in-the-west-bank-the-attack-was-condemned-by-ariel-sharon-a.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Jewish settlement, Palestinian, West Bank_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israel has carried out a series of raids into the West Bank and the Gaza Strip. Two armed men were shot and killed in Ramallah, while four men were arrested in Gaza City. An Israeli civilian was also killed, and three Israeli soldiers were wounded following an Islamic Jihad attack on Morag, in the southern Gaza Strip. ](/news/2005/01/12/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-has-carried-out-a-series-of-raids-into-the-west-bank-and-the-gaza-strip-two-armed-men-were-shot-and-k.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Ramallah, West Bank_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A Palestinian gunman enters a home in Negohot (an Israeli settlement in the West Bank, near Hebron), murders 7-month-old Shaked Avraham and 27-year-old Eyal Yeberbaum, and injures both of the baby girl's parents as they were celebrating the Jewish New Year. The shooter was later killed by Israeli security forces. The Palestinian Islamic Jihad claimed responsibility for the attack.](/news/2003/09/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-palestinian-gunman-enters-a-home-in-negohot-an-israeli-settlement-in-the-west-bank-near-hebron-murders.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Jewish settlement, Palestinian, West Bank_
8. [Israel ground troops invade the West Bank and Gaza Strip in her largest offensive since the 1982 invasion of Lebanon. Dozens of tanks occupy Ramallah. Thirty-seven total dead so far, Israeli and Palestinian.](/news/2002/03/12/israel-ground-troops-invade-the-west-bank-and-gaza-strip-in-her-largest-offensive-since-the-1982-invasion-of-lebanon-dozens-of-tanks-occupy.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, Ramallah, West Bank_
9. [Israeli security forces begin evicting people from the illegal Amona, Mateh Binyamin, outpost built on private Palestinian-owned land near Ramallah in the central West Bank. The Supreme Court ordered residents to leave the area last year. ](/news/2017/02/1/israeli-security-forces-begin-evicting-people-from-the-illegal-amona-mateh-binyamin-outpost-built-on-private-palestinian-owned-land-near-r.md) _Context: Israel, Ramallah, West Bank_
10. [Israel approves the construction of 2,500 more new settlement homes in the West Bank, the most in years and the second time new homes were approved since Donald Trump was inaugurated as President of the United States. ](/news/2017/01/24/israel-approves-the-construction-of-2-500-more-new-settlement-homes-in-the-west-bank-the-most-in-years-and-the-second-time-new-homes-were-a.md) _Context: Israel, Jewish settlement, West Bank_
