### [2003-10-19](/news/2003/10/19/index.md)

#  Occupation of Iraq: A Fallujah roadside attack on a military convoy leaves an American armored car and munitions truck burning wrecks. No one was reported killed. Iraqis nearby were reportedly cheering. Emerging series of threats.




### Related:

1. [The Iraqi government recaptures the main government compound in Fallujah. ](/news/2016/06/17/the-iraqi-government-recaptures-the-main-government-compound-in-fallujah.md) _Context: Fallujah, Iraq_
2. [Two separate car bombs kill at least 12 people in Iraq's capital, Baghdad. The Islamic State claims responsibility for the blast at the security checkpoint in a northern district that killed nine and injured 28 others. Three people are killed and 11 injured at the second bombing in southern Baghdad that targeted an army convoy; no group has claimed responsibility. ](/news/2016/04/23/two-separate-car-bombs-kill-at-least-12-people-in-iraq-s-capital-baghdad-the-islamic-state-claims-responsibility-for-the-blast-at-the-secu.md) _Context: Iraq, convoy_
3. [Ongoing protests by Sunni Muslims in Iraq against the government of Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki turn deadly, as clashes leave 7 protesters and 2 soldiers dead in Fallujah. More than 60 others are injured, and at least 3 soldiers are kidnapped by unidentified gunmen. ](/news/2013/01/25/ongoing-protests-by-sunni-muslims-in-iraq-against-the-government-of-prime-minister-nouri-al-maliki-turn-deadly-as-clashes-leave-7-protester.md) _Context: Fallujah, Iraq_
4. [5 Iraqi policemen are killed in an overnight shootout in western Baghdad, while 1 policeman is killed at a checkpoint outside Fallujah. ](/news/2010/08/7/5-iraqi-policemen-are-killed-in-an-overnight-shootout-in-western-baghdad-while-1-policeman-is-killed-at-a-checkpoint-outside-fallujah.md) _Context: Fallujah, Iraq_
5. [Gunmen raided a jewelry shop Saturday morning in western Iraq, killing four people before fleeing with a large amount of gold in Fallujah, 40 miles (65 kilometers) west of Baghdad. ](/news/2010/06/26/gunmen-raided-a-jewelry-shop-saturday-morning-in-western-iraq-killing-four-people-before-fleeing-with-a-large-amount-of-gold-in-fallujah-4.md) _Context: Fallujah, Iraq_
6. [ A roadside bomb kills five Iraqi policemen in the western city of Fallujah. ](/news/2009/06/25/a-roadside-bomb-kills-five-iraqi-policemen-in-the-western-city-of-fallujah.md) _Context: Fallujah, Iraq_
7. [ A United States Marine Corps reservist is found guilty of killing an Iraqi soldier while they stood guard together in Fallujah. ](/news/2007/12/13/a-united-states-marine-corps-reservist-is-found-guilty-of-killing-an-iraqi-soldier-while-they-stood-guard-together-in-fallujah.md) _Context: Fallujah, Iraq_
8. [ A U.S. F-16 fighter aircraft has gone down near the city of Fallujah in western Iraq. The United States Air Force said the plane's pilot was missing and an investigation into the cause of the incident has been launched. ](/news/2006/11/27/a-u-s-f-16-fighter-aircraft-has-gone-down-near-the-city-of-fallujah-in-western-iraq-the-united-states-air-force-said-the-plane-s-pilot-wa.md) _Context: Fallujah, Iraq_
9. [ Italian state-owned channel RaiNews 24 airs a controversial documentary in which Iraqi people and ex-U.S. soldiers report that white phosphorus, a chemical weapon, and Mk-77 napalm bombs were used by the U.S. Army against civilians in Fallujah last year. ](/news/2005/11/8/italian-state-owned-channel-rainews-24-airs-a-controversial-documentary-in-which-iraqi-people-and-ex-u-s-soldiers-report-that-white-phosph.md) _Context: Fallujah, Iraq_
10. [ Four U.S. civilian contractors are killed in a grenade attack by Iraqi guerrillas in Fallujah, Iraq. A violent mob pulls charred bodies from the burning vehicles and hang two bodies from a bridge over the Euphrates. In a separate incident, five U.S. soldiers are killed in a large roadside bomb attack 12 mi northwest of Fallujah. ](/news/2004/03/31/four-u-s-civilian-contractors-are-killed-in-a-grenade-attack-by-iraqi-guerrillas-in-fallujah-iraq-a-violent-mob-pulls-charred-bodies-fro.md) _Context: Fallujah, Iraq_
