### [2007-04-2](/news/2007/04/2/index.md)

#  The University of Florida Gators defeat the Ohio State Buckeyes 84-75 in the 2007 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament championship game, becoming the first school in Division I history to win both the men's college basketball and college football titles in the same academic year. 

Get a recap of the Ohio State Buckeyes vs. Florida Gators basketball game.


### Source:

1. [ESPN](http://scores.espn.go.com/ncb/recap?gameId=274000063)
1. [Cover Image](http://s.espncdn.com/stitcher/sports/basketball/mens-college-basketball/events/274000063.png?templateId=espn.com.share.1)

### Related:

1. [ College football: At the Fiesta Bowl in Tempe, Arizona, the Ohio State University Buckeyes defeated the University of Miami (Florida) Hurricanes, 31-24, to win the national championship. Willis McGahee blows up his knee in his eventual final game as a Miami Hurricane and Maurice Clarett concludes his Buckeyes career as a National Bowl Champion before challenging the NFL on entering the 2003 NFL Draft.](/news/2003/01/3/college-football-at-the-fiesta-bowl-in-tempe-arizona-the-ohio-state-university-buckeyes-defeated-the-university-of-miami-florida-hurri.md) _Context: Ohio State University, college football_
2. [Law enforcement officials believed Abdul Razak Ali Artan, the perpetrator of a car ramming and stabbing attack at Ohio State University (OSU)'s Watts Hall, was inspired by terrorist propaganda from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, and radical Muslim cleric Anwar al-Awlaki. ](/news/2016/11/29/law-enforcement-officials-believed-abdul-razak-ali-artan-the-perpetrator-of-a-car-ramming-and-stabbing-attack-at-ohio-state-university-osu.md) _Context: Ohio State University_
3. [ Eleven people are hospitalized, one in critical condition, after a suspect rammed his car into a crowd, and then stabbed numerous people on Ohio State's Columbus campus. Police have declared the scene secure. The suspect, a refugee from Somalia, and a student at the university, is shot and killed by a police officer after he failed to obey orders to stop. ](/news/2016/11/28/eleven-people-are-hospitalized-one-in-critical-condition-after-a-suspect-rammed-his-car-into-a-crowd-and-then-stabbed-numerous-people-on.md) _Context: Ohio State University_
4. [Ohio State University president E. Gordon Gee announces his retirement effective July 1 amidst controversy over insulting remarks he made in December 2012. ](/news/2013/06/4/ohio-state-university-president-e-gordon-gee-announces-his-retirement-effective-july-1-amidst-controversy-over-insulting-remarks-he-made-in.md) _Context: Ohio State University_
5. [ U.S. college football: On the heels of last week's historic AP Poll shakeup, another one of comparable size occurs, in which four Top Ten teams and eleven ranked teams overall move down the list or off the poll entirely. LSU receives first place from all 65 sports critics, the first time that has occurred for any team since December 2006. #2 California earns its highest rank since 1951, #4 Boston College earns its highest showing since 1984, and #5 South Florida continues its ascent after first moving into the AP Poll three weeks ago. ](/news/2007/10/7/u-s-college-football-on-the-heels-of-last-week-s-historic-ap-poll-shakeup-another-one-of-comparable-size-occurs-in-which-four-top-ten-t.md) _Context: college football_
6. [ U.S. college football: The new AP Poll results are released, with nine of the ten ranked teams that lost this past weekend either dropping further down the list or out of the poll completely. LSU rose to #1 for the first time since 1959, Kentucky and Boston College rise into the Top Ten for the first time since 1977 and 1992, respectively, and South Florida ascends into the Top Ten for the first time ever. ](/news/2007/09/30/u-s-college-football-the-new-ap-poll-results-are-released-with-nine-of-the-ten-ranked-teams-that-lost-this-past-weekend-either-dropping.md) _Context: college football_
7. [ In a stunning college football upset, Appalachian State defeated #5-ranked Michigan at Michigan Stadium by a score of 34-32. This is the first time a team from the second-tier NCAA Division I FCS has defeated an AP-ranked Division I FBS opponent. Armanti Edwards was the quarterback for the underdog Mountaineers. ](/news/2007/09/1/in-a-stunning-college-football-upset-appalachian-state-defeated-5-ranked-michigan-at-michigan-stadium-by-a-score-of-34-32-this-is-the-fi.md) _Context: college football_
8. [ A University of Florida scientist, Thomas DeMarse, announces that he has grown a "brain" of rat neurons that can fly an airplane simulator. A "brain" such as this could be used to study how actual brains compute information and, potentially, as a sort of living computer. ](/news/2004/10/21/a-university-of-florida-scientist-thomas-demarse-announces-that-he-has-grown-a-brain-of-rat-neurons-that-can-fly-an-airplane-simulator.md) _Context: University of Florida_
9. [ University of Connecticut becomes the first NCAA Division I school to win the men's and the women's U.S. amateur national basketball championships in the same season, after the women's team three-peats. ](/news/2004/04/6/university-of-connecticut-becomes-the-first-ncaa-division-i-school-to-win-the-men-s-and-the-women-s-u-s-amateur-national-basketball-champi.md) _Context: championship game_
10. [ Saint John's University football coach John Gagliardi breaks Eddie Robinson's record of 408 career coaching victories to become college football's all-time winningest coach with 409 wins.](/news/2003/11/8/saint-john-s-university-football-coach-john-gagliardi-breaks-eddie-robinson-s-record-of-408-career-coaching-victories-to-become-college-foo.md) _Context: college football_
