### [2007-07-24](/news/2007/07/24/index.md)

#  Republic of Macedonia, Albania and Serbian autonomous province of Kosovo are experiencing blackouts as a result of the 2007 European heatwave that spreads over the Balkans. It also causes bushfires everywhere in the region between Croatia, Hungary, Serbia and Greece. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/6914490.stm)
2. [International Herald Tribune](http://www.iht.com/articles/ap/2007/07/24/europe/EU-GEN-Albania-Blackout.php)
3. [MIA-Macedonian Informative Agency](http://www.mia.com.mk/portal/page?_pageid=113,166290&_dad=portal&_schema=PORTAL&VestID=23216856&prikaz=3)

### Related:

1. [ Albania, Bulgaria, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia, Moldova, Montenegro, Romania, Serbia, Republic of Macedonia, and Kosovo sign the Central European Free Trade Agreement extending the free trade zone to southeastern Europe. ](/news/2006/12/20/albania-bulgaria-bosnia-and-herzegovina-croatia-moldova-montenegro-romania-serbia-republic-of-macedonia-and-kosovo-sign-the-centra.md) _Context: Albania, Croatia, Kosovo, Macedonian, Serbia_
2. [European migrant crisis. Macedonia, Serbia, Croatia, and Slovenia shut their borders to so-called economic migrants, those not coming from war-torn countries such as Syria, Afghanistan, or Iraq, leaving thousands stranded at Balkan border crossings. Around 500 migrants from Iran, Morocco, and Algeria gather on the border between Greece and Macedonia to protest the closure. ](/news/2015/11/20/european-migrant-crisis-macedonia-serbia-croatia-and-slovenia-shut-their-borders-to-so-called-economic-migrants-those-not-coming-from-w.md) _Context: Croatia, Macedonian, Serbia_
3. [European migrant crisis. Hungary's parliament passes a law allowing the Hungarian military to help handle the migrant crisis at its borders with Serbia and Croatia, including the right to use non-lethal force such as rubber bullets, pyrotechnical devices, tear gas grenades or net guns. ](/news/2015/09/21/european-migrant-crisis-hungary-s-parliament-passes-a-law-allowing-the-hungarian-military-to-help-handle-the-migrant-crisis-at-its-borders.md) _Context: Croatia, Hungary, Serbia_
4. [European migrant crisis. Dozens of migrants reach the border of Serbia and Croatia which has become the new route for migrants denied entry to Hungary. ](/news/2015/09/16/european-migrant-crisis-dozens-of-migrants-reach-the-border-of-serbia-and-croatia-which-has-become-the-new-route-for-migrants-denied-entry.md) _Context: Croatia, Hungary, Serbia_
5. [ Radio Television of Kosovo wants to participate as soon as possible in the Eurovision Song Contest and therefore aims to join the European Broadcasting Union. Some EBU members such as Serbia, Russia and Greece may object, as they don't recognise the new Republic of Kosovo. ](/news/2008/04/20/radio-television-of-kosovo-wants-to-participate-as-soon-as-possible-in-the-eurovision-song-contest-and-therefore-aims-to-join-the-european.md) _Context: Greek, Kosovo, Serbia_
6. [ Bulgaria, Croatia, Hungary and Monaco jointly recognize Kosovo's independence. ](/news/2008/03/19/bulgaria-croatia-hungary-and-monaco-jointly-recognize-kosovo-s-independence.md) _Context: Croatia, Hungary, Kosovo_
7. [Kosovo-Serbia relations. Serbian President Tomislav Nikolic accuses Kosovo of "seeking a war" after a train, en route to the Serb-majority city of Mitrovica in North Kosovo, and decorated in Serbian national colors and the words ""Kosovo je Srbija"" (Kosovo is Serbia), was prevented from crossing the Kosovan border. The Prime Minister of Kosovo Isa Mustafa says the train had been stopped "to protect the country's sovereignty". ](/news/2017/01/15/kosovo-serbia-relations-serbian-president-tomislav-nikolia-accuses-kosovo-of-seeking-a-war-after-a-train-en-route-to-the-serb-majorit.md) _Context: Kosovo, Serbia_
8. [European migrant crisis. Police in northern Greece move more than 400 Syrians and Iraqis by bus from a makeshift camp near the Macedonian border to a shelter near the northern city of Thessaloniki. More than 50,000 migrants remain stranded in Greece following European border closures, and the European Union's agreement with Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/13/european-migrant-crisis-police-in-northern-greece-move-more-than-400-syrians-and-iraqis-by-bus-from-a-makeshift-camp-near-the-macedonian-bo.md) _Context: Greek, Macedonian_
9. [European migrant crisis. Macedonian police fire tear gas at refugees as they attempted to break through a fence at the Greece-Macedonia border near Idomeni, sparking clashes that injured 200 people. ](/news/2016/04/10/european-migrant-crisis-macedonian-police-fire-tear-gas-at-refugees-as-they-attempted-to-break-through-a-fence-at-the-greece-macedonia-bord.md) _Context: Greek, Macedonian_
10. [European migrant crisis. Macedonia says it will no longer let any migrants through its southern border with Greece, effectively blocking the Balkan route for migrants. The decision came after Slovenia barred access to migrants transiting the country. There are around 13,000 migrants now stranded at the Macedonia-Greece border. ](/news/2016/03/9/european-migrant-crisis-macedonia-says-it-will-no-longer-let-any-migrants-through-its-southern-border-with-greece-effectively-blocking-the.md) _Context: Greek, Macedonian_
