### [2007-07-24](/news/2007/07/24/index.md)

#  Vladimir Putin, the President of Russia, accuses the United Kingdom of "colonial thinking" for wishing to extradite Andrei Lugovoi to face trial for the alleged murder of Alexander Litvinenko. 

Latest breaking news, including politics, crime and celebrity. Find stories, updates and expert opinion.


### Source:

1. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml?xml=/news/2007/07/24/wputin124.xml)

### Related:

1. [ Russia says that it will launch a criminal case against Andrei Lugovoi if the United Kingdom provides it with convincing evidence of Lugovoi's involvement in the murder of Alexander Litvinenko. ](/news/2007/08/3/russia-says-that-it-will-launch-a-criminal-case-against-andrei-lugovoi-if-the-united-kingdom-provides-it-with-convincing-evidence-of-lugovo.md) _Context: Alexander Litvinenko, Andrei Lugovoi, United Kingdom_
2. [ The UK Crown Prosecution Service announces that Andrei Lugovoi, an ex-KGB agent, will be  charged in connection with the poisoning of Alexander Litvinenko, also a former KGB agent. ](/news/2007/05/22/the-uk-crown-prosecution-service-announces-that-andrei-lugovoi-an-ex-kgb-agent-will-be-charged-in-connection-with-the-poisoning-of-alexa.md) _Context: Alexander Litvinenko, Andrei Lugovoi, United Kingdom_
3. [ Russian President Vladimir Putin in a ceremony at 10 Downing Street awards the Order of Maritime Service to six British military and civilian personnel responsible for the rescue of the mini-submarine AS-28 off the Kamchatka Peninsula. ](/news/2005/10/5/russian-president-vladimir-putin-in-a-ceremony-at-10-downing-street-awards-the-order-of-maritime-service-to-six-british-military-and-civili.md) _Context: Russian President, United Kingdom, Vladimir Putin_
4. [When Russian President Vladimir Putin, during the January telephone conversation with President Donald Trump,  raised the possibility of extending the 2010  New START treaty that caps U.S. and Russian deployment of nuclear warheads, President Trump    declined, stating that this treaty  is a bad deal for the United States. ](/news/2017/02/9/when-russian-president-vladimir-putin-during-the-january-telephone-conversation-with-president-donald-trump-raised-the-possibility-of-ext.md) _Context: Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
5. [President of Russia Vladimir Putin signs into law the decriminalization of domestic violence. ](/news/2017/02/7/president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-signs-into-law-the-decriminalization-of-domestic-violence.md) _Context: Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
6. [Russian President Vladimir Putin signs a symbolic order to withdraw Russia's signature from the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court (ICC) amid calls by pro-rebel western Non-governmental organisations for an investigation into alleged Russian war crimes in Syria. ](/news/2016/11/16/russian-president-vladimir-putin-signs-a-symbolic-order-to-withdraw-russia-s-signature-from-the-rome-statute-of-the-international-criminal-c.md) _Context: Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
7. [U.S. President Barack Obama and Russian President Vladimir Putin fail to agree on a peace deal regarding the Syrian civil war. ](/news/2016/09/5/u-s-president-barack-obama-and-russian-president-vladimir-putin-fail-to-agree-on-a-peace-deal-regarding-the-syrian-civil-war.md) _Context: Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
8. [A fire at a warehouse in Moscow, Russia, kills at least 17 people, all migrant workers from Kyrgyzstan.  The Investigative Committee of Russia, which reports directly to President Vladimir Putin, says a criminal inquiry has been launched. ](/news/2016/08/27/a-fire-at-a-warehouse-in-moscow-russia-kills-at-least-17-people-all-migrant-workers-from-kyrgyzstan-the-investigative-committee-of-russ.md) _Context: Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
9. [Democratic presidential election nominee Hillary Clinton accuses Russian intelligence services of being behind recent hacks into Democratic National Committee computers, while also accusing Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump of supporting Russian President Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2016/07/31/democratic-presidential-election-nominee-hillary-clinton-accuses-russian-intelligence-services-of-being-behind-recent-hacks-into-democratic.md) _Context: Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
10. [Following his meeting at Finnish  President Sauli Niinisto's residence, Russian President Vladimir Putin says that Russia would respect Finland's choice whether to join NATO, though as part of NATO's military infrastructure, Finnish Defence Forces would overnight be at the borders of the Russian Federation. Putin and Niinisto call for improved security in Baltic airspace where Russian and Western aircraft have had close encounters in recent months. ](/news/2016/07/1/following-his-meeting-at-finnish-president-sauli-niinistap-s-residence-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-that-russia-would-respect-fin.md) _Context: Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
