### [2017-05-23](/news/2017/05/23/index.md)

# 2017 Marawi clash. President Rodrigo Duterte declares martial law in the island of Mindanao after Maute militants clash with army troops in Marawi, Lanao del Sur. 

Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte makes the declaration while on an official visit to Russia, as Maute Group members attack Marawi City in Mindanao


### Source:

1. [Rappler](http://www.rappler.com/nation/170745-philippines-duterte-declares-martial-law-mindanao)
2. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/world/asia_pacific/philippine-troops-battle-is-linked-gunmen-in-southern-city/2017/05/23/0d481914-3fa5-11e7-b29f-f40ffced2ddb_story.html&freshcontent=1)

### Related:

1. [Martial law in the Philippines. President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte plans to appeal to the Congress of the Philippines to extend Proclamation No. 216 (martial law on the whole of Mindanao, which will end on 22 July 10 PM PST) until the end of 2017, due to constitutional constraints as well as the ongoing Marawi crisis. ](/news/2017/07/17/martial-law-in-the-philippines-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-plans-to-appeal-to-the-congress-of-the-philippines-to-extend-pr.md) _Context: Martial law in the Philippines, Mindanao, President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
2. [Martial law in the Philippines. The Supreme Court of the Philippines says President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte can declare martial law in the whole Philippines. Two days prior, the Supreme Court had ](/news/2017/07/6/martial-law-in-the-philippines-the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-says-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-can-declare-martial-l.md) _Context: Martial law in the Philippines, President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
3. [CPP-NPA-NDF rebellion. The government of the Philippines and the Communist Party cancel peace talks after president Rodrigo Duterte declares martial law in Mindanao. ](/news/2017/05/28/cpp-npa-ndf-rebellion-the-government-of-the-philippines-and-the-communist-party-cancel-peace-talks-after-president-rodrigo-duterte-declares.md) _Context: Martial law in the Philippines, Mindanao, Rodrigo Duterte_
4. [Marawi crisis. President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte tells soldiers fighting in Mindanao, where he proclaimed martial law earlier this week, that he will accept responsibility for abuses they commit, and jokes that "[i]f you had raped three, I will admit it, that's on me." ](/news/2017/05/27/marawi-crisis-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-tells-soldiers-fighting-in-mindanao-where-he-proclaimed-martial-law-earlier-thi.md) _Context: Mindanao, President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
5. [Philippines-Russia relations. Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, who later had to cut short his visit to Moscow because of terrorist attacks on the Philippine southern island of Mindanao, tells Russia President Vladimir Putin that the Philippines is looking to Russia for modern arms to fight ISIL. ](/news/2017/05/22/philippines-russia-relations-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-who-later-had-to-cut-short-his-visit-to-moscow-because-of-terrorist-at.md) _Context: Mindanao, President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
6. [Philippines-United States relations. In response to criticism of his government's extrajudicial killings of 1,800 people since July, Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte says that U.S. forces advising the Armed Forces of the Philippines against an Islamic insurgency in Mindanao are doing more harm than good and must leave the country, saying, -I do not want a rift with America, but they have to go," during a speech in Manila. ](/news/2016/09/12/philippines-united-states-relations-in-response-to-criticism-of-his-government-s-extrajudicial-killings-of-1-800-people-since-july-phili.md) _Context: Mindanao, President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
7. [Regions of the Philippines. President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte abolishes the Negros Island Region (first created in 2015 by his predecessor) through Executive Order no. 38, citing lack of funds to fully establish the region. Negros Occidental reverts back to the Western Visayas region, Negros Oriental back to the Central Visayas region. ](/news/2017/08/9/regions-of-the-philippines-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-abolishes-the-negros-island-region-first-created-in-2015-by-his-pr.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
8. [Battle of Marawi. The Pentagon is considering conducting airstrikes in Marawi, which if approved would later put U.S. troops on the ground to battle the ISIS-affiliated Maute group as well as related Islamist terror groups. A spokesperson later denied the claims as well as clarified that the Philippines has yet to make a request. ](/news/2017/08/8/battle-of-marawi-the-pentagon-is-considering-conducting-airstrikes-in-marawi-which-if-approved-would-later-put-u-s-troops-on-the-ground-t.md) _Context: Marawi, Maute group_
9. [Philippines-United States relations. History of the Philippines (1898-1946), Philippine-American War. Balangiga massacre. During the annual State of the Nation Address through the Congress of the Philippines, President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte has outright demanded that the United States return the controversial Balangiga bells, taken during one of the campaigns of the Philippine-American War as spoils of war. Previous attempts to recover the bells have all failed so far. ](/news/2017/07/24/philippines-united-states-relations-history-of-the-philippines-1898-1946-philippine-american-war-balangiga-massacre-during-the-a.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
10. [Martial law in the Philippines. Proclamation No. 216. After seven hours of debate, the joint special session of the Congress of the Philippines votes 261-18 in favour of the motion to extend Proclamation No. 216 (martial law on the whole of Mindanao in response to the Marawi crisis), that was set to expire 10 PM Philippine Standard Time, until the end of the year. ](/news/2017/07/22/martial-law-in-the-philippines-proclamation-no-216-after-seven-hours-of-debate-the-joint-special-session-of-the-congress-of-the-philippi.md) _Context: Martial law in the Philippines, Mindanao_
