### [2017-05-23](/news/2017/05/23/index.md)

# Former CIA Director John Brennan tells the House Intelligence Committee he knew of contacts between Trump associates and Russian officials, but is not sure collusion existed. Brennan said he warned the Russian intelligence service last August against meddling in the U.S. election. 

Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats on Tuesday refused to address — but he did not deny — reports that President Donald Trump asked him to push back against allegations the Trump campaign colluded with Russia, while a former CIA chief testified he was aware of &quot;interactions&quot; between the campaign and Moscow.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/coats-won-t-say-whether-trump-asked-him-push-back-n763551)
1. [Cover Image](https://media3.s-nbcnews.com/j/newscms/2017_21/2009801/170523-john-brennan-testify-ew-1151a_735112f9cd3b23f212e49523f21bf898.nbcnews-fp-1200-800.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ Facebook, Google, and Twitter executives have been asked to testify before the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee in October and the Senate Intelligence Committee on November 1, according to committee sources. ](/news/2017/09/27/facebook-google-and-twitter-executives-have-been-asked-to-testify-before-the-house-of-representatives-intelligence-committee-in-october-a.md) _Context: House of Representatives Intelligence Committee, Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections _
2. [United States House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence Chairman Rep. Devin Nunes recuses himself from the committee's probe into Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election; Rep. Mike Conaway will take the lead in this investigation. ](/news/2017/04/6/united-states-house-permanent-select-committee-on-intelligence-chairman-rep-devin-nunes-recuses-himself-from-the-committeeas-probe-into-r.md) _Context: House of Representatives Intelligence Committee, Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections _
3. [The United States House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence holds a hearing about Russian interference in the 2016 election and confirms that there is an ongoing investigation into ties between Trump's team and Russia. ](/news/2017/03/20/the-united-states-house-permanent-select-committee-on-intelligence-holds-a-hearing-about-russian-interference-in-the-2016-election-and-confi.md) _Context: House of Representatives Intelligence Committee, Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections _
4. [Facebook agrees to disclose ads that ran in the U.S. in 2016 from accounts associated with a Russian entity known as the Internet Research Agency to United States Congressional investigators. Earlier, this information was provided to Special Counsel Robert Mueller. ](/news/2017/09/21/facebook-agrees-to-disclose-ads-that-ran-in-the-u-s-in-2016-from-accounts-associated-with-a-russian-entity-known-as-the-internet-research-a.md) _Context: Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections _
5. [The United States Department of Justice has requested Moscow-based Russian media channel RT America to register as a foreign lobbying firm in the United States. ](/news/2017/09/12/the-united-states-department-of-justice-has-requested-moscow-based-russian-media-channel-rt-america-to-register-as-a-foreign-lobbying-firm-i.md) _Context: Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections _
6. [Special counsel Robert Mueller has impaneled a grand jury in Washington, D.C. to investigate allegations of Russia's interference in the 2016 elections. ](/news/2017/08/3/special-counsel-robert-mueller-has-impaneled-a-grand-jury-in-washington-d-c-to-investigate-allegations-of-russiaas-interference-in-the-2.md) _Context: Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections _
7. [The U.S. House of Representatives votes in favor of economic sanctions against Russia for its interference in the 2016 U.S. election, and against Iran and North Korea for their weapons programs. ](/news/2017/07/25/the-u-s-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-economic-sanctions-against-russia-for-its-interference-in-the-2016-u-s-election-and-ag.md) _Context: Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections _
8. [James Comey, the former FBI Director who was dismissed by President Donald Trump last month, appears before the United States Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. Comey says he believes he was fired because of the FBI investigation into the possible collusion between President Trump's campaign team and Russia's interference in the 2016 elections.](/news/2017/06/8/james-comey-the-former-fbi-director-who-was-dismissed-by-president-donald-trump-last-month-appears-before-the-united-states-senate-select.md) _Context: Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections _
9. [After "The Intercept" publishes a classified NSA document describing Russian efforts to launch cyberattacks on U.S. voting software suppliers, the United States Department of Justice announces it had brought charges upon Reality Winner, the alleged leaker. ](/news/2017/06/5/after-the-intercept-publishes-a-classified-nsa-document-describing-russian-efforts-to-launch-cyberattacks-on-u-s-voting-software-supplier.md) _Context: Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections _
10. [Sally Yates testifies before the United States Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism concerning investigations into Russia's role in the 2016 U.S. presidential election and in the Trump administration. ](/news/2017/05/8/sally-yates-testifies-before-the-united-states-senate-judiciary-subcommittee-on-crime-and-terrorism-concerning-investigations-into-russia-s.md) _Context: Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections _
