### [2017-05-23](/news/2017/05/23/index.md)

# Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte declares martial law on the island of Mindanao after ISIL-linked Maute group militants clash with Philippine Army troops in Marawi, Lanao del Sur. 

Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte makes the declaration while on an official visit to Russia, as Maute Group members attack Marawi City in Mindanao


### Source:

1. [Metro](http://metro.co.uk/2017/05/23/isis-militants-raise-black-flag-as-they-battle-for-control-of-city-in-philippines-6655959/)
2. [Rappler](http://www.rappler.com/nation/170745-philippines-duterte-declares-martial-law-mindanao)

### Related:

1. [In response to criticism of his government's extrajudicial killings of 1,800 people since July, Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte says that U.S. forces advising the Armed Forces of the Philippines against an Islamic insurgency in Mindanao are doing more harm than good and must leave the country, saying, "I do not want a rift with America, but they have to go," during a speech in Manila. ](/news/2016/09/12/in-response-to-criticism-of-his-government-s-extrajudicial-killings-of-1-800-people-since-july-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-says-th.md) _Context: Mindanao, Moro conflict, Philippine President, Rodrigo Duterte_
2. [Philippine security forces kill as many as 42 ISIL-linked militants, and captures their stronghold in the predominantly Muslim Lanao del Sur province. Three Philippine Army soldiers were also killed during the fighting. ](/news/2016/02/26/philippine-security-forces-kill-as-many-as-42-isil-linked-militants-and-captures-their-stronghold-in-the-predominantly-muslim-lanao-del-sur.md) _Context: ISIL, Lanao del Sur, Moro conflict, Philippine Army_
3. [Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte threatens to suspend the country's habeas corpus "if forced to" by what he says the worsening lawlessness in the country. He mentioned in the same speech, the alleged widespread illegal drug trade in the country, the rebellion in Mindanao, and the worsening campaign against the militant Maute group. ](/news/2016/11/13/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-threatens-to-suspend-the-country-s-habeas-corpus-if-forced-to-by-what-he-says-the-worsening-lawlessne.md) _Context: Maute group, Moro conflict, Rodrigo Duterte_
4. [Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants break free supporters from a Marawi jail in the Philippines. ](/news/2016/08/28/islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-militants-break-free-supporters-from-a-marawi-jail-in-the-philippines.md) _Context: ISIL, Marawi, Moro conflict_
5. [The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant urges its supporters in Indonesia and Malaysia to go to the Philippines and fight against newly-elected president Rodrigo Duterte. ](/news/2016/06/25/the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-urges-its-supporters-in-indonesia-and-malaysia-to-go-to-the-philippines-and-fight-against-newly-ele.md) _Context: ISIL, Moro conflict, Rodrigo Duterte_
6. [ Abu Sayyaf militants, who threatened to kill three foreigners kidnapped in September, 2015,  from a "high-end" Philippine resort, unless they were paid 900 million pesos (17 mil Euros) by midnight today (15:00 UTC), have beheaded one of the hostages, Canadian John Ridsdel. Philippine President Benigno Aquino III  had ordered an all-out effort to rescue the hostages, including a Philippine woman, kidnapped  by the Daesh-linked group. ](/news/2016/04/25/abu-sayyaf-militants-who-threatened-to-kill-three-foreigners-kidnapped-in-september-2015-from-a-high-end-philippine-resort-unless-th.md) _Context: ISIL, Moro conflict, Philippine President_
7. [ISIL claims responsibility for clashes between militants linked to the group and the Philippine Army that claimed 23 lives. ](/news/2016/04/13/isil-claims-responsibility-for-clashes-between-militants-linked-to-the-group-and-the-philippine-army-that-claimed-23-lives.md) _Context: ISIL, Moro conflict, Philippine Army_
8. [The cabinet of Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte investigates an email leak that allegedly indicates the involvement of the vice president Leni Robredo in attempts to overthrow Duterte. ](/news/2017/01/9/the-cabinet-of-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-investigates-an-email-leak-that-allegedly-indicates-the-involvement-of-the-vice-presiden.md) _Context: Philippine President, Rodrigo Duterte_
9. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte suspends the war on drugs so  resources can focus on ridding "corrupt" officers from the Philippine National Police. The ''cause celebre'' is the kidnapping and strangulation of South Korean businessman  Jee Ick-joo last October. ](/news/2017/01/30/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-suspends-the-war-on-drugs-so-resources-can-focus-on-ridding-acorrupta-officers-from-the-philippine.md) _Context: Philippine President, Rodrigo Duterte_
10. [Muslim rebel group Moro National Liberation Front leader Nur Misuari meets with Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte in Malacanang Palace after receiving a reprieve from previous crimes of rebellion. ](/news/2016/11/3/muslim-rebel-group-moro-national-liberation-front-leader-nur-misuari-meets-with-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-in-malacaa-ang-palace.md) _Context: Moro conflict, Rodrigo Duterte_
