### [2017-05-23](/news/2017/05/23/index.md)

# Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte declares martial law on the island of Mindanao after Maute militants clash with army troops in Marawi, Lanao del Sur. 

Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte makes the declaration while on an official visit to Russia, as Maute Group members attack Marawi City in Mindanao


### Source:

1. [Rappler](http://www.rappler.com/nation/170745-philippines-duterte-declares-martial-law-mindanao)
2. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/world/asia_pacific/philippine-troops-battle-is-linked-gunmen-in-southern-city/2017/05/23/0d481914-3fa5-11e7-b29f-f40ffced2ddb_story.html&freshcontent=1)

### Related:

1. [In response to criticism of his government's extrajudicial killings of 1,800 people since July, Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte says that U.S. forces advising the Armed Forces of the Philippines against an Islamic insurgency in Mindanao are doing more harm than good and must leave the country, saying, "I do not want a rift with America, but they have to go," during a speech in Manila. ](/news/2016/09/12/in-response-to-criticism-of-his-government-s-extrajudicial-killings-of-1-800-people-since-july-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-says-th.md) _Context: Mindanao, Moro conflict, Rodrigo Duterte, president_
2. [Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte threatens to suspend the country's habeas corpus "if forced to" by what he says the worsening lawlessness in the country. He mentioned in the same speech, the alleged widespread illegal drug trade in the country, the rebellion in Mindanao, and the worsening campaign against the militant Maute group. ](/news/2016/11/13/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-threatens-to-suspend-the-country-s-habeas-corpus-if-forced-to-by-what-he-says-the-worsening-lawlessne.md) _Context: Maute, Moro conflict, Rodrigo Duterte_
3. [Philippine security forces kill as many as 42 ISIL-linked militants, and captures their stronghold in the predominantly Muslim Lanao del Sur province. Three Philippine Army soldiers were also killed during the fighting. ](/news/2016/02/26/philippine-security-forces-kill-as-many-as-42-isil-linked-militants-and-captures-their-stronghold-in-the-predominantly-muslim-lanao-del-sur.md) _Context: Lanao del Sur, Moro conflict, army_
4. [The cabinet of Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte investigates an email leak that allegedly indicates the involvement of the vice president Leni Robredo in attempts to overthrow Duterte. ](/news/2017/01/9/the-cabinet-of-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-investigates-an-email-leak-that-allegedly-indicates-the-involvement-of-the-vice-presiden.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, president_
5. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte suspends the war on drugs so  resources can focus on ridding "corrupt" officers from the Philippine National Police. The ''cause celebre'' is the kidnapping and strangulation of South Korean businessman  Jee Ick-joo last October. ](/news/2017/01/30/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-suspends-the-war-on-drugs-so-resources-can-focus-on-ridding-acorrupta-officers-from-the-philippine.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, president_
6. [Muslim rebel group Moro National Liberation Front leader Nur Misuari meets with Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte in Malacanang Palace after receiving a reprieve from previous crimes of rebellion. ](/news/2016/11/3/muslim-rebel-group-moro-national-liberation-front-leader-nur-misuari-meets-with-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-in-malacaa-ang-palace.md) _Context: Moro conflict, Rodrigo Duterte_
7. [The Philippines top historian resigns to protest President Rodrigo Duterte's decision to allow the burial of Ferdinand Marcos in the Heroes' Cemetery at Fort Bonifacio in Manila. ](/news/2016/11/29/the-philippines-top-historian-resigns-to-protest-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-decision-to-allow-the-burial-of-ferdinand-marcos-in-the-heroes.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, president_
8. [The Philippines Secretary of National Defense Delfin Lorenzana suspends participation in any joint patrols with the United States in the disputed South China Sea. Lorenzana will ask a detachment of 107 U.S. troops providing counterterrorism assistance on the southern island of Mindanao to leave as President Rodrigo Duterte requested. ](/news/2016/10/7/the-philippines-secretary-of-national-defense-delfin-lorenzana-suspends-participation-in-any-joint-patrols-with-the-united-states-in-the-dis.md) _Context: Mindanao, Rodrigo Duterte_
9. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte tells U.S. President Barack Obama to "go to hell" after the United States refuses to sell some weapons to his country, while also acknowledging the cooperation of Russia and China. ](/news/2016/10/4/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-tells-u-s-president-barack-obama-to-go-to-hell-after-the-united-states-refuses-to-sell-some-weapons.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, president_
10. [Datu Saudi-Ampatuan mayor Samsudin Dimaukom, publicly accused by Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte of involvement in the illegal drug trade, is killed, along with nine others, by Philippine police at a  highway checkpoint in what police describe as an anti-drug operation. ](/news/2016/10/28/datu-saudi-ampatuan-mayor-samsudin-dimaukom-publicly-accused-by-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-of-involvement-in-the-illegal-drug-tra.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, president_
