### [2017-05-23](/news/2017/05/23/index.md)

# Scientists discover 7.2 million-year-old "pre-human" remains in the Balkans area near Bulgaria and Greece. 

The common lineage of great apes and humans split several hundred thousand earlier than hitherto assumed, according to an international research team headed by Professor Madelaine Böhme from the Senckenberg Centre for Human Evolution and Palaeoenvironment at the University of Tübingen and Professor Nikolai Spassov from the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences. The researchers investigated two fossils of Graecopithecus freybergi with state-of-the-art methods and came to the conclusion that they belong to pre-humans. Their findings, published today in two papers in the journal PLOS ONE, further indicate that the split of the human lineage occurred in the Eastern Mediterranean and not - as customarily assumed - in Africa.


### Source:

1. [Phys.org](https://phys.org/news/2017-05-scientists-million-year-old-pre-human-balkans.html)

### Related:

1. [Macedonia says it will no longer let any migrants through its southern border with Greece, effectively blocking the Balkan route for migrants. The decision came after Slovenia barred access to migrants transiting the country. There are around 13,000 migrants now stranded at the Macedonia-Greece border. ](/news/2016/03/9/macedonia-says-it-will-no-longer-let-any-migrants-through-its-southern-border-with-greece-effectively-blocking-the-balkan-route-for-migrant.md) _Context: Balkans, Greece_
2. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Bulgaria, Greece_
3. [Greece recalls its ambassador to Austria in response to Austria's hosting of a meeting with Balkan states, to which Greece was not invited, about European migrant crisis policies that would make it harder for migrants to head north across Europe. Greece's foreign ministry called the move an "unfriendly act." More than 100,000 migrants have entered the EU illegally so far in 2016, nearly all of them arriving in Greece. ](/news/2016/02/25/greece-recalls-its-ambassador-to-austria-in-response-to-austria-s-hosting-of-a-meeting-with-balkan-states-to-which-greece-was-not-invited.md) _Context: Balkans, Greece_
4. [Slovenia's army begins erecting a razor wire fence along parts of its southern border with Croatia in order to stop a tide of illegal migrants entering the country. Around 180,000 people, mainly from Syria and Afghanistan have streamed into Slovenia since mid-October after trekking northwards along a Balkan corridor from Greece, most of them bound ultimately for Germany. ](/news/2015/11/11/slovenia-s-army-begins-erecting-a-razor-wire-fence-along-parts-of-its-southern-border-with-croatia-in-order-to-stop-a-tide-of-illegal-migran.md) _Context: Balkans, Greece_
5. [Greek mail bombsParcel bombs explode at the Mexican, Russian and Swiss embassies in Greece. Similar packages were sent or addressed to the embassies of Belgium, Bulgaria, Chile, Germany and the Netherlands over the past two days. ](/news/2010/11/2/greek-mail-bombspparcel-bombs-explode-at-the-mexican-russian-and-swiss-embassies-in-greece-similar-packages-were-sent-or-addressed-to-the.md) _Context: Bulgaria, Greece_
6. [ Russia, Greece and Bulgaria sign a deal to build a pipeline to transport Russian oil to the Greek port of Alexandroupolis. ](/news/2007/03/15/russia-greece-and-bulgaria-sign-a-deal-to-build-a-pipeline-to-transport-russian-oil-to-the-greek-port-of-alexandroupolis.md) _Context: Bulgaria, Greece_
7. [A TrainOSE passenger train derails near the Greek village of Adendro, leaving at least four people dead and five seriously injured. ](/news/2017/05/13/a-trainose-passenger-train-derails-near-the-greek-village-of-adendro-leaving-at-least-four-people-dead-and-five-seriously-injured.md) _Context: Greece_
8. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: Greece_
9. [Four Hellenic Army officers are killed and one is injured when their Bell UH-1 Iroquois border patrol helicopter crashes near Elassona in northern Greece. ](/news/2017/04/19/four-hellenic-army-officers-are-killed-and-one-is-injured-when-their-bell-uh-1-iroquois-border-patrol-helicopter-crashes-near-elassona-in-no.md) _Context: Greece_
10. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: Bulgaria_
