### [2017-05-23](/news/2017/05/23/index.md)

# The United States Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals rules that Wikimedia Foundation has the legal right to challenge the National Security Agency Upstream program of mass online surveillance. This decision reinstates the suit that had been dismissed by a Federal district judge in Baltimore, Maryland. Eight other organizations, including Amnesty International USA and the Global Fund for Women, are also plaintiffs in this case. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-wikipedia-nsa-idUSKBN18J206)
1. [Cover Image](//s4.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20170523&t=2&i=1185951514&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXMPED4M19Y)

### Related:

1. [ The U.S. Supreme Court rules that a lawsuit challenging Maryland's congressional redistricting plan following the 2010 Census on grounds of unconstitutional gerrymandering may proceed. The suit, which alleges that congressional district boundaries were changed to make it easier for Democrats to win in seven of the state's eight districts, had been rejected by both district and circuit courts due to lack of standing. ](/news/2015/12/8/the-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-a-lawsuit-challenging-maryland-s-congressional-redistricting-plan-following-the-2010-census-on-grounds-of.md) _Context: Fourth Circuit Appeals Court, Maryland, Maryland district court_
2. [The Wikimedia Foundation and eight other organisations file a lawsuit in the state of Maryland, US against the National Security Agency and the United States Department of Justice regarding the NSA's mass surveillance program. The Wikimedia Foundation is the owner and parent company of Wikipedia. ](/news/2015/03/10/the-wikimedia-foundation-and-eight-other-organisations-file-a-lawsuit-in-the-state-of-maryland-us-against-the-national-security-agency-and.md) _Context: Maryland, National Security Agency, Wikimedia Foundation_
3. [Several Confederate monuments are taken down overnight in the city of Baltimore, Maryland, including the Stonewall Jackson and Robert E. Lee Monument, Confederate Soldiers and Sailors Monument, Confederate Women's Monument and the Roger B. Taney sculpture. The Baltimore City Council unanimously voted to remove the monuments on August 14. ](/news/2017/08/16/several-confederate-monuments-are-taken-down-overnight-in-the-city-of-baltimore-maryland-including-the-stonewall-jackson-and-robert-e-lee.md) _Context: Baltimore, Maryland_
4. [A Ninth Circuit Appeals Court panel unanimously upholds the Hawaii district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780. On May 25, the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court affirmed a similar ruling by the Maryland district court. ](/news/2017/06/12/a-ninth-circuit-appeals-court-panel-unanimously-upholds-the-hawaii-district-court-decision-to-prevent-implementation-of-revised-executive-or.md) _Context: Fourth Circuit Appeals Court, Maryland district court_
5. [The United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit refuses to reinstate Executive Order 13780 on the basis of religious discrimination, upholding the District Court for Maryland's March 7 ruling. ](/news/2017/05/25/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-fourth-circuit-refuses-to-reinstate-executive-order-13780-on-the-basis-of-religious-discriminatio.md) _Context: Fourth Circuit Appeals Court, Maryland district court_

### Changes:

1. [The United States Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals rules that Wikimedia Foundation has the legal right to challenge the National Security Agency Upstream program of mass online surveillance. This decision reinstates the suit that had been dismissed by a Federal district judge in Baltimore, Maryland. Eight other organizations, including Amnesty International USA and the Global Fund for Women, are also plaintiffs in this case. ](/news/2017/05/23/the-united-states-fourth-circuit-court-of-appeals-rules-that-wikimedia-foundation-has-the-legal-right-to-challenge-the-national-security-ag.md) _2017-05-24 14:30:07 (First version)_
2. [''Wikimedia Foundation v. NSA''The United States Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals rules that Wikimedia Foundation has the legal right to challenge the National Security Agency Upstream program of mass online surveillance. This decision reinstates the suit that had been dismissed by a Federal district judge in Baltimore, Maryland. Eight other organizations, including Amnesty International USA and the Global Fund for Women, are also plaintiffs in this case. ](/news/2017/05/23/wikimedia-foundation-v-nsa-pthe-united-states-fourth-circuit-court-of-appeals-rules-that-wikimedia-foundation-has-the-legal-right-to-cha.md) _2017-08-25 03:47:56 (Update)_
3. ["Wikimedia Foundation v. NSA": The United States Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals rules that Wikimedia Foundation has the legal right to challenge the National Security Agency Upstream program of mass online surveillance. This decision reinstates the suit that had been dismissed by a Federal district judge in Baltimore, Maryland. Eight other organizations, including Amnesty International USA and the Global Fund for Women, are also plaintiffs in this case. ](/news/2017/05/23/wikimedia-foundation-v-nsa-the-united-states-fourth-circuit-court-of-appeals-rules-that-wikimedia-foundation-has-the-legal-right-to-chal.md) _2017-08-27 03:48:23 (Update)_
3. [The United States Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals rules that Wikimedia Foundation has the legal right to challenge the National Security Agency Upstream program of mass online surveillance. This decision reinstates the suit that had been dismissed by a Federal district judge in Baltimore, Maryland. Eight other organizations, including Amnesty International USA and the Global Fund for Women, are also plaintiffs in this case. ](/news/2017/05/23/the-united-states-fourth-circuit-court-of-appeals-rules-that-wikimedia-foundation-has-the-legal-right-to-challenge-the-national-security-age.md) _(Current version)_
