### [2017-05-23](/news/2017/05/23/index.md)

# ''Wikimedia Foundation v. NSA''The United States Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals rules that Wikimedia Foundation has the legal right to challenge the National Security Agency Upstream program of mass online surveillance. This decision reinstates the suit that had been dismissed by a Federal district judge in Baltimore, Maryland. Eight other organizations, including Amnesty International USA and the Global Fund for Women, are also plaintiffs in this case. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-wikipedia-nsa-idUSKBN18J206)

### Related:

1. [ The U.S. Supreme Court rules that a lawsuit challenging Maryland's congressional redistricting plan following the 2010 Census on grounds of unconstitutional gerrymandering may proceed. The suit, which alleges that congressional district boundaries were changed to make it easier for Democrats to win in seven of the state's eight districts, had been rejected by both district and circuit courts due to lack of standing. ](/news/2015/12/8/the-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-a-lawsuit-challenging-maryland-s-congressional-redistricting-plan-following-the-2010-census-on-grounds-of.md) _Context: District Court for Maryland's, Maryland, United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit_
2. [The Wikimedia Foundation and eight other organisations file a lawsuit in the state of Maryland, US against the National Security Agency and the United States Department of Justice regarding the NSA's mass surveillance program. The Wikimedia Foundation is the owner and parent company of Wikipedia. ](/news/2015/03/10/the-wikimedia-foundation-and-eight-other-organisations-file-a-lawsuit-in-the-state-of-maryland-us-against-the-national-security-agency-and.md) _Context: Maryland, National Security Agency, Wikimedia Foundation_
3. [The United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit refuses to reinstate Executive Order 13780 on the basis of religious discrimination, upholding the District Court for Maryland's March 7 ruling. ](/news/2017/05/25/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-fourth-circuit-refuses-to-reinstate-executive-order-13780-on-the-basis-of-religious-discriminatio.md) _Context: District Court for Maryland's, United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit_
4. [Two people are killed and at least 15 are hospitalized following a 55-vehicle accident, involving a gas  tanker explosion, on Interstate 95 in Baltimore, Maryland, as cold air causes rain and wet roads to freeze across the Eastern U.S.  Three other deaths are reported from other accidents in the Baltimore-Washington, D.C. area. At least six people have been killed in total on icy roads. ](/news/2016/12/17/two-people-are-killed-and-at-least-15-are-hospitalized-following-a-55-vehicle-accident-involving-a-gas-tanker-explosion-on-interstate-95.md) _Context: Baltimore, Maryland_
5. [Following his October 5 arrest, U.S. federal prosecutors in Baltimore charge Harold T. Martin III, a former National Security Agency contractor, for violating the Espionage Act, specifically, with felony theft of government property. Prosecutors state that, over a 20-year time period, Martin stole at least 50 terabytes of data and "six full bankers boxes" of classified and other documents. The prosecutors state that Martin had an "arsenal" of weapons in his home. ](/news/2016/10/20/following-his-october-5-arrest-u-s-federal-prosecutors-in-baltimore-charge-harold-t-martin-iii-a-former-national-security-agency-contrac.md) _Context: Baltimore, National Security Agency_
6. [Judge Barry Williams finds Baltimore, Maryland, Police Officer Edward Nero not guilty of all charges. Nero  was accused of second-degree intentional assault, two counts of misconduct in office, and reckless endangerment. Community leaders and elected officials appeal for calm. ](/news/2016/05/23/judge-barry-williams-finds-baltimore-maryland-police-officer-edward-nero-not-guilty-of-all-charges-nero-was-accused-of-second-degree-int.md) _Context: Baltimore, Maryland_
7. [Maryland state elections officials decertify the results of Baltimore's April 26, 2016, primary election because, for example, the number of ballots cast was hundreds more than the number of voters who checked in at polling places. ](/news/2016/05/12/maryland-state-elections-officials-decertify-the-results-of-baltimoreas-april-26-2016-primary-election-because-for-example-the-number.md) _Context: Baltimore, Maryland_
8. [A helicopter crashes near Baltimore-Washington International Airport in Baltimore, Maryland. However, no fatalities are reported. ](/news/2016/04/16/a-helicopter-crashes-near-baltimoreawashington-international-airport-in-baltimore-maryland-however-no-fatalities-are-reported.md) _Context: Baltimore, Maryland_
9. [After the jury fails to reach a unanimous decision, a Baltimore, Maryland, judge declares a mistrial in the trial of police officer William Porter, the first officer to be charged in the death of Freddie Gray.  ](/news/2015/12/16/after-the-jury-fails-to-reach-a-unanimous-decision-a-baltimore-maryland-judge-declares-a-mistrial-in-the-trial-of-police-officer-william.md) _Context: Baltimore, Maryland_
10. [A Baltimore, Maryland deadlocked jury was told by the trial judge to resume deliberations after closing arguments in the first trial of police officer William Porter, charged in the death of Freddie Gray.  With demonstrations and unrest following the death, the city has cancelled leave for police officers and the mayor has called for calm when a verdict is announced. ](/news/2015/12/15/a-baltimore-maryland-deadlocked-jury-was-told-by-the-trial-judge-to-resume-deliberations-after-closing-arguments-in-the-first-trial-of-poli.md) _Context: Baltimore, Maryland_
