### [2013-07-5](/news/2013/07/5/index.md)

# In three states-Wisconsin, Minnesota (where an elderly person's death was reported), and Illinois-in the United States, Whole Foods Market Inc. is recalling three types of the Crave Brothers (based in Waterloo, Wisconsin) Les Freres cheese, sold in 30 states and in Washington, D.C., due to concerns that it may be contaminated with "Listeria monocytogenes", which causes listeriosis, dangerous especially to the immunocompromised and pregnant women. 

Whole Foods Market Inc. is recalling Crave Brothers Les Freres cheese in response to an outbreak of a bacterial infection that has sickened people in several states and killed at least one person. Whole Foods says the cheese may be contaminated with Listeria monocytogenes. It was sold in 30 states and Washington DC under names including Les Freres and Crave Brothers Les Freres.


### Source:

1. [NBC](http://www.nbcnews.com/health/illnesses-prompt-wide-whole-foods-cheese-recall-6C10553986)

### Related:

1. [A heavy blizzard in the midwestern US states of Minnesota, Wisconsin, Iowa, Illinois and Michigan dropping about three feet of snow results in two deaths, road closures, flight cancellations and the inflatable roof of the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome in Minneapolis, Minnesota, collapsing. ](/news/2010/12/12/a-heavy-blizzard-in-the-midwestern-us-states-of-minnesota-wisconsin-iowa-illinois-and-michigan-dropping-about-three-feet-of-snow-results.md) _Context: Illinois, Minnesota, Wisconsin_
2. [ North America: The Canadian provinces, Ontario and Quebec and the US states Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin sign an international agreement to preclude significant water diversion from the Great Lakes. ](/news/2005/12/13/north-america-the-canadian-provinces-ontario-and-quebec-and-the-us-states-illinois-indiana-michigan-minnesota-new-york-ohio-pennsyl.md) _Context: Illinois, Minnesota, Wisconsin_
3. [The Maryland Court of Appeals rules the state's Public Information Act does not apply to abortion clinic license applicants' names, denying the Maryland Coalition for Life's appeal which had noted that courts in Illinois, Kansas and Minnesota have ordered these names released. The ruling can not be appealed to federal courts. ](/news/2016/02/22/the-maryland-court-of-appeals-rules-the-state-s-public-information-act-does-not-apply-to-abortion-clinic-license-applicants-names-denying.md) _Context: Illinois, Minnesota_
4. [Health authorities in the United States say that 53 people in nine states have been sickened in a salmonella outbreak. California is the worst affected state with 31 cases with the other states with cases include Arizona, Illinois, Mississippi, New Mexico, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin. ](/news/2015/05/21/health-authorities-in-the-united-states-say-that-53-people-in-nine-states-have-been-sickened-in-a-salmonella-outbreak-california-is-the-wor.md) _Context: Illinois, Wisconsin_
5. [A heavy thunderstorm hits the midwestern United States of Illinois and Wisconsin leaving thousands of homes without power and causing transport problems in Chicago. ](/news/2011/06/30/a-heavy-thunderstorm-hits-the-midwestern-united-states-of-illinois-and-wisconsin-leaving-thousands-of-homes-without-power-and-causing-transp.md) _Context: Illinois, Wisconsin_
6. [The U.S. state of Wisconsin has demonstrations in the tens of thousands against a bill forcing public service workers to pay increased pension costs, increased healthcare coverage as well as stripping them of almost all union rights. Senators yesterday fled the state to Illinois. ](/news/2011/02/18/the-u-s-state-of-wisconsin-has-demonstrations-in-the-tens-of-thousands-against-a-bill-forcing-public-service-workers-to-pay-increased-pensi.md) _Context: Illinois, Wisconsin_
7. [ At least 20 people have died as a result of flooding in the United States with further flooding likely in Minnesota and Wisconsin. ](/news/2007/08/20/at-least-20-people-have-died-as-a-result-of-flooding-in-the-united-states-with-further-flooding-likely-in-minnesota-and-wisconsin.md) _Context: Minnesota, Wisconsin_
8. [Minnehaha Academy gas explosion. A natural gas explosion at college prep school Minnehaha Academy in Minneapolis, Minnesota, kills two staff members. Another nine people were injured, seven of whom are hospitalized, three in critical and four in serious condition. ](/news/2017/08/2/minnehaha-academy-gas-explosion-a-natural-gas-explosion-at-college-prep-school-minnehaha-academy-in-minneapolis-minnesota-kills-two-staff.md) _Context: Minnesota_
9. [Shooting of Justine Damond. Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull expresses shock and demands answers after an Australian woman, who called 9-1-1 for help because of a suspected assault near her home, was shot and killed on Saturday by a U.S. police officer who had responded in Minneapolis, Minnesota. ](/news/2017/07/19/shooting-of-justine-damond-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-expresses-shock-and-demands-answers-after-an-australian-woman-who-ca.md) _Context: Minnesota_
10. [President Trump's Executive Orders. As expected, during a visit to Kenosha, Wisconsin, President Donald Trump signed an executive order requiring U.S. federal agencies to take measures aimed at protecting U.S. workers, boost protections for some U.S. products, and examine the H-1B visa program which affords foreign workers opportunities for employment in U.S. specialty fields. ](/news/2017/04/18/president-trump-s-executive-orders-as-expected-during-a-visit-to-kenosha-wisconsin-president-donald-trump-signed-an-executive-order-requ.md) _Context: Wisconsin_
