### [2013-07-5](/news/2013/07/5/index.md)

# NSA spying scandalBolivian president Evo Morales calls the Eurozone for a violation of international law and threatens to close down the U.S. embassy in Bolivia after the episode of having his official airplane being refused to land ''en route'' to Vienna, amid suspicions of having former NSA employee Edward Snowden on board. Ambassadors of France, Italy, Spain and Portugal are summoned to give full explanations.

MANAGUA, Nicaragua (AP) — Presidents Daniel Ortega of Nicaragua and Nicolas Maduro of Venezuela said Friday they were willing to grant asylum to NSA leaker Edward Snowden.


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2013/jul/05/bolivia-morales-close-us-embassy)
2. [AP via ''USA today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2013/07/05/wikileaks-6-asylum-requests/2493225/)

### Related:

1. [Bolivia summons the ambassadors of France, Spain and Portugal to explain why their countries blocked President Evo Morales' official jet ''en route'' to land on the Eurozone last week, amid orders to be searched if Edward Snowden was on board. ](/news/2013/07/8/bolivia-summons-the-ambassadors-of-france-spain-and-portugal-to-explain-why-their-countries-blocked-president-evo-morales-official-jet-e.md) _Context: Bolivia, Edward Snowden, Eurozone, France, Portuguese, Spain_
2. [European sovereign debt crisis:The Standard & Poor's credit rating agency lowers its long-term credit ratings on the eurozone countries of Cyprus, Italy, Portugal, and Spain by two notches each and Austria, France, Malta, Slovakia, and Slovenia by one notch each. ](/news/2012/01/13/european-sovereign-debt-crisis-pthe-standard-poor-s-credit-rating-agency-lowers-its-long-term-credit-ratings-on-the-eurozone-countries-of.md) _Context: Eurozone, France, Italian, Portuguese, Spain_
3. [Diversion of Bolivian president Evo Morales' flight:The presidential jet of Bolivia is denied access to European airspace and forced to land in Vienna amid concerns that Edward Snowden is on board. ](/news/2013/07/3/diversion-of-bolivian-president-evo-morales-flight-pthe-presidential-jet-of-bolivia-is-denied-access-to-european-airspace-and-forced-to-lan.md) _Context: Bolivia, Edward Snowden, Evo Morales, Vienna_
4. [The Eurozone records its sixth straight quarter of recession with France, Italy and Spain all recording negative growth and Germany growing weakly. ](/news/2013/05/15/the-eurozone-records-its-sixth-straight-quarter-of-recession-with-france-italy-and-spain-all-recording-negative-growth-and-germany-growing.md) _Context: Eurozone, France, Italian, Spain_
5. [Moody's Investors Service downgrades the credit ratings of several European Union members including Italy, Malta, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia and Spain and issues a negative outlook for the ratings of Austria, France and the United Kingdom. ](/news/2012/02/13/moody-s-investors-service-downgrades-the-credit-ratings-of-several-european-union-members-including-italy-malta-portugal-slovakia-sloven.md) _Context: France, Italian, Portuguese, Spain_
6. [Bolivia, Ethiopia, Italy, Kazakhstan, and Sweden begin their terms on the United Nations Security Council, replacing Angola, Malaysia, New Zealand, Spain, and Venezuela. ](/news/2017/01/1/bolivia-ethiopia-italy-kazakhstan-and-sweden-begin-their-terms-on-the-united-nations-security-council-replacing-angola-malaysia-new-z.md) _Context: Bolivia, Italian, Spain_
7. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: France, Italian, Spain_
8. [The remnants of former Tropical Storm Henri combines with another storm in western Europe to cause heavy rains and possible floods in the United Kingdom, France, Spain and Portugal. ](/news/2015/09/16/the-remnants-of-former-tropical-storm-henri-combines-with-another-storm-in-western-europe-to-cause-heavy-rains-and-possible-floods-in-the-un.md) _Context: France, Portuguese, Spain_
9. [Food giant Nestl removes its beef pasta meals from supermarkets in France, Spain, and Italy, after tests confirmed that the product contained horse meat. ](/news/2013/02/18/food-giant-nestle-removes-its-beef-pasta-meals-from-supermarkets-in-france-spain-and-italy-after-tests-confirmed-that-the-product-contain.md) _Context: France, Italian, Spain_
10. [Protests against unemployment and austerity measures take place across several European countries.  The largest protests reportedly take place in Spain and Portugal, with smaller protests in Greece, Italy, and Belgium. ](/news/2012/11/14/protests-against-unemployment-and-austerity-measures-take-place-across-several-european-countries-the-largest-protests-reportedly-take-pla.md) _Context: Italian, Portuguese, Spain_
