### [2013-07-5](/news/2013/07/5/index.md)

# Syrian civil war:. The Syrian opposition calls for immediate humanitarian aid to Homs after the Syrian army and Hezbollah step up their siege of the city with increased artillery shelling and incendiary bombs. 

Syria&#39;s main opposition bloc on Friday urged the international community to take action to protect civilians in the cities of Homs and Daraa that have been targeted by military as part of a government campaign to regain control of the territory it lost to the opposition.


### Source:

1. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2013/07/05/syrian-opposition-bloc-urges-world-to-protect-homs/2491139/)

### Related:

1. [Syrian civil war:. Dozens of people are killed in Al-Qusayr, Homs, Syria, as the Syrian Army and Hezbollah bombard the rebel-held town with heavy artillery. ](/news/2013/05/25/syrian-civil-war-dozens-of-people-are-killed-in-al-qusayr-homs-syria-as-the-syrian-army-and-hezbollah-bombard-the-rebel-held-town-with.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Homs, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Syrian Civil War. A suicide bomb attack on a Syrian Army (SAA) checkpoint in the city of Homs kills at least 22 people, including around a dozen soldiers. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/01/26/syrian-civil-war-a-suicide-bomb-attack-on-a-syrian-army-saa-checkpoint-in-the-city-of-homs-kills-at-least-22-people-including-around-a-d.md) _Context: Homs, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian Civil War. The Syrian Army backed by Hezbollah fighters retakes a key airbase on the eastern outskirts of Damascus. The Marj al-Sultan airbase had been under rebel control since November 2012. ](/news/2015/12/14/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-army-backed-by-hezbollah-fighters-retakes-a-key-airbase-on-the-eastern-outskirts-of-damascus-the-marj-al-sulta.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian Civil War. Following Russian airstrikes, the Syrian army and allied Lebanese Hezbollah militia take control of a highland area in Idlib province close to insurgent-held positions, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2015/10/11/syrian-civil-war-following-russian-airstrikes-the-syrian-army-and-allied-lebanese-hezbollah-militia-take-control-of-a-highland-area-in-idl.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Syrian Civil War: Hezbollah and Syrian Army gain strategic territories in Qalamoun Mountains north of Damascus, which was held by opposition factions, particularly al-Nusra Front. ](/news/2015/05/13/syrian-civil-war-hezbollah-and-syrian-army-gain-strategic-territories-in-qalamoun-mountains-north-of-damascus-which-was-held-by-opposition.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian Civil War:. The Syrian Army and their Lebanese ally Hezbollah begin an assault to retake the strategic border town Yabrud from the Syrian rebels. ](/news/2014/02/12/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-army-and-their-lebanese-ally-hezbollah-begin-an-assault-to-retake-the-strategic-border-town-yabrud-from-the-sy.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian civil war:. The LCC report that up to 400 people have been killed across Syria on Saturday, including about 200 reported executed by the Syrian Army in the Deir Ballba neighborhood of Homs. ](/news/2012/12/29/syrian-civil-war-the-lcc-report-that-up-to-400-people-have-been-killed-across-syria-on-saturday-including-about-200-reported-executed-by.md) _Context: Homs, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian Civil War. Central Syria campaign (July 2017-present). A Syrian Army commando unit backed by Russian warplanes and helicopters kills 25 ISIL militants in Central Syria, in the northeast of the Homs Governorate. ](/news/2017/08/13/syrian-civil-war-central-syria-campaign-july-2017-present-a-syrian-army-commando-unit-backed-by-russian-warplanes-and-helicopters-kill.md) _Context: Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian Civil War. The Syrian Army captures at least 23 villages in North East Aleppo Governorate from ISIL in a matter of hours after an ISIL withdrawal caused by the SAA capturing Al-Khafsah. ](/news/2017/03/7/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-army-captures-at-least-23-villages-in-north-east-aleppo-governorate-from-isil-in-a-matter-of-hours-after-an-isi.md) _Context: Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian Civil War. East Aleppo offensive (February 2017). CJTFOIR deploys U.S. forces near Manbij to "reassure Coalition" members and to "deter aggression." This comes days after the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces' Manbij Military Council agreed to hand over territory west of Manbij to the Syrian Army to create a buffer zone between the SDF and Turkish-backed rebels. ](/news/2017/03/4/syrian-civil-war-east-aleppo-offensive-february-2017-cjtfoir-deploys-u-s-forces-near-manbij-to-reassure-coalition-members-and-to-det.md) _Context: Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
