### [2013-07-5](/news/2013/07/5/index.md)

# The European Central Bank and the European Commission release a joint report on the banking system in Spain, indicating that system is solvent and will not require "further program disbursements." 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/07/05/us-spain-banks-ec-idUSBRE9640A820130705)

### Related:

1. [Greece secures an additional 6.2 billion euros from the European Commission, the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund despite warnings that the Greek government is moving too slow to reform the government. ](/news/2013/07/9/greece-secures-an-additional-6-2-billion-euros-from-the-european-commission-the-european-central-bank-and-the-international-monetary-fund-d.md) _Context: European Central Bank, European Commission_
2. [2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis: Cypriot lawmakers overwhelmingly reject the EC-ECB-IMF troika plan to tax all bank deposits. ](/news/2013/03/19/2012a2013-cypriot-financial-crisis-cypriot-lawmakers-overwhelmingly-reject-the-ecaecbaimf-troika-plan-to-tax-all-bank-deposits.md) _Context: European Central Bank, European Commission_
3. [2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis: A deal is reached between Cyprus and the EC-ECB-IMF troika. The terms of the EUR10 billion "bailout" package cause widespread anger among Cypriots who queue from early morning to withdraw their savings as it emerges that up to 10% of each citizen's deposits are to be wiped out to raise billions. ](/news/2013/03/16/2012a2013-cypriot-financial-crisis-a-deal-is-reached-between-cyprus-and-the-ecaecbaimf-troika-the-terms-of-the-a-10-billion-bailou.md) _Context: European Central Bank, European Commission_
4. [In a letter ordering terms for the next installment of the second bailout, the European Commission, European Central Bank and International Monetary Fund (''the troika'') want Greece to raise the maximum amount of weekly work days to six. Prime Minister of the Netherlands Mark Rutte rules out a third bailout loan. Diederik Samsom of the Labour Party, excludes Greece from leaving the eurozone; he mentions tutelage. ](/news/2012/09/5/in-a-letter-ordering-terms-for-the-next-installment-of-the-second-bailout-the-european-commission-european-central-bank-and-international.md) _Context: European Central Bank, European Commission_
5. [ The European Commission predicts the U.K., Germany, and Spain 'to fall into recession'; the outlook for rest of the Eurozone is gloomy. ](/news/2008/09/10/the-european-commission-predicts-the-u-k-germany-and-spain-to-fall-into-recession-the-outlook-for-rest-of-the-eurozone-is-gloomy.md) _Context: European Commission, Spain_
6. [The European Union is investigating a series of parcel bombs targeting the European Central Bank in Frankfurt and Europol headquarters at The Hague. Investigators state that it is too early to draw any connections between these bombs and the letter bomb sent two days ago to the Bologna home of Romano Prodi, the head of the European Commission. [http://www.iht.com/articles/123228.html]](/news/2003/12/30/the-european-union-is-investigating-a-series-of-parcel-bombs-targeting-the-european-central-bank-in-frankfurt-and-europol-headquarters-at-th.md) _Context: European Central Bank, European Commission_
7. [Approximately fifty migrants are feared drowned off the coast of Morocco. Three men were rescued near Alboran Island near the coast of Spain. ](/news/2017/07/4/approximately-fifty-migrants-are-feared-drowned-off-the-coast-of-morocco-three-men-were-rescued-near-alboran-island-near-the-coast-of-spain.md) _Context: Spain_
8. [Polish President Andrzej Duda announces he will veto two judicial reform bills passed by Poland's parliament, which the European Commission said would result in sanctions, and which have generated continuous demonstrations across the country.  The ruling Law and Justice Party needs to put together a three-fifths majority to override the veto. ](/news/2017/07/24/polish-president-andrzej-duda-announces-he-will-veto-two-judicial-reform-bills-passed-by-poland-s-parliament-which-the-european-commission.md) _Context: European Commission_
9. [The remains of surrealist painter Salvador Dali are exhumed following a Madrid court order on settling the paternity claim of a woman who is allegedly the painter's natural daughter. Various experts contest the claim, noting Dali's sexual eccentrism (including a public boast about his "impotency") and that the action being against the state (Dali bequeathed his estate to Spain). If proven, this woman could assume part of Dali's estate. ](/news/2017/07/21/the-remains-of-surrealist-painter-salvador-dala-are-exhumed-following-a-madrid-court-order-on-settling-the-paternity-claim-of-a-woman-who-i.md) _Context: Spain_
10. [The European Commission imposes a record EUR2.42bn antitrust fine on internet giant Google for allegedly manipulating its search engine results. ](/news/2017/06/27/the-european-commission-imposes-a-record-a-2-42bn-antitrust-fine-on-internet-giant-google-for-allegedly-manipulating-its-search-engine-resu.md) _Context: European Commission_
