### [2013-07-5](/news/2013/07/5/index.md)

# The Portuguese Parliament votes down a motion to apologize to the Government of Bolivia for not allowing the plane carrying President Evo Morales to land and fly over Portuguese national airspace.




### Related:

1. [The President of Bolivia Evo Morales declares a national emergency due to water shortages caused by a drought. ](/news/2016/11/21/the-president-of-bolivia-evo-morales-declares-a-national-emergency-due-to-water-shortages-caused-by-a-drought.md) _Context: Evo Morales_
2. [Non-aligned Movement. Around ten heads of state attend the 17th Non-aligned Movement summit in Isla Margarita, Venezuela, including Evo Morales of Bolivia, Raul Castro of Cuba, Rafael Correa of Ecuador, Hassan Rouhani of Iran, Mahmoud Abbas of the State of Palestine, Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe, and Venezuela's president Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/09/17/non-aligned-movement-around-ten-heads-of-state-attend-the-17th-non-aligned-movement-summit-in-isla-margarita-venezuela-including-evo-mora.md) _Context: Evo Morales_
3. [Bolivian constitutional referendum, 2016. According to exit polls, Bolivian voters reject a constitutional amendment that would have permitted President Evo Morales to stand for a fourth term in office. His current term expires in 2020. ](/news/2016/02/21/bolivian-constitutional-referendum-2016-according-to-exit-polls-bolivian-voters-reject-a-constitutional-amendment-that-would-have-permitt.md) _Context: Evo Morales_
4. [Portuguese legislative election, 2015. Exit polls show Portugal-s center-right government, in its first contest since tough austerity measures were launched to combat a debt crisis, is headed for victory, but, could lose its majority in parliament. ](/news/2015/10/4/portuguese-legislative-election-2015-exit-polls-show-portugal-s-center-right-government-in-its-first-contest-since-tough-austerity-meas.md) _Context: parliament_
5. [Evo Morales, president of Bolivia is re-elected for a third 5 year term. ](/news/2014/10/13/evo-morales-president-of-bolivia-is-re-elected-for-a-third-5-year-term.md) _Context: Evo Morales_
6. [Bolivian general election, 2014. Voters in Bolivia go to the polls for a general election with incumbent President Evo Morales winning in a landslide with 60 per cent of the vote. ](/news/2014/10/12/bolivian-general-election-2014-voters-in-bolivia-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-with-incumbent-president-evo-morales-winning-in-a.md) _Context: Evo Morales_
7. [NSA spying scandal. Bolivian president Evo Morales calls the Eurozone for a violation of international law and threatens to close down the U.S. embassy in Bolivia after the episode of having his official airplane being refused to land "en route" to Vienna, amid suspicions of having former NSA employee Edward Snowden on board. Ambassadors of France, Italy, Spain and Portugal are summoned to give full explanations.](/news/2013/07/5/nsa-spying-scandal-bolivian-president-evo-morales-calls-the-eurozone-for-a-violation-of-international-law-and-threatens-to-close-down-the-u.md) _Context: Evo Morales_
8. [Diversion of Bolivian president Evo Morales' flight:. The presidential jet of Bolivia is denied access to European airspace and forced to land in Vienna amid concerns that Edward Snowden is on board. ](/news/2013/07/3/diversion-of-bolivian-president-evo-morales-flight-the-presidential-jet-of-bolivia-is-denied-access-to-european-airspace-and-forced-to-la.md) _Context: Evo Morales_
9. [France and Portugal refuse to allow the plane of Bolivian President Evo Morales to land on their respective territories after suspicions that Edward Snowden was on board. ](/news/2013/07/2/france-and-portugal-refuse-to-allow-the-plane-of-bolivian-president-evo-morales-to-land-on-their-respective-territories-after-suspicions-tha.md) _Context: Evo Morales_
10. [Bolivia's President Evo Morales vows to take a border dispute with Chile to the International Court of Justice in The Hague. ](/news/2013/03/24/bolivia-s-president-evo-morales-vows-to-take-a-border-dispute-with-chile-to-the-international-court-of-justice-in-the-hague.md) _Context: Evo Morales_
