### [2013-07-5](/news/2013/07/5/index.md)

# The Syrian opposition calls for immediate humanitarian aid to Homs after the Syrian army and Hezbollah step up their siege of the city with increased artillery shelling and incendiary bombs. 

Syria&#39;s main opposition bloc on Friday urged the international community to take action to protect civilians in the cities of Homs and Daraa that have been targeted by military as part of a government campaign to regain control of the territory it lost to the opposition.


### Source:

1. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2013/07/05/syrian-opposition-bloc-urges-world-to-protect-homs/2491139/)
1. [Cover Image](https://www.gannett-cdn.com/GDContent/applogos/usatoday.png)

### Related:

1. [Dozens of people are killed in Al-Qusayr, Homs, Syria, as the Syrian Army and Hezbollah bombard the rebel-held town with heavy artillery. ](/news/2013/05/25/dozens-of-people-are-killed-in-al-qusayr-homs-syria-as-the-syrian-army-and-hezbollah-bombard-the-rebel-held-town-with-heavy-artillery.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Homs, Syrian Army_
2. [The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-israeli-air-force-launches-several-airstrikes-on-targets-inside-syria-and-for-the-first-time-publicly-claims-responsibility-syrian-ai.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Syrian Army_
3. [A suicide bomb attack on a Syrian Army (SAA) checkpoint in the city of Homs kills at least 22 people, including around a dozen soldiers. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/01/26/a-suicide-bomb-attack-on-a-syrian-army-saa-checkpoint-in-the-city-of-homs-kills-at-least-22-people-including-around-a-dozen-soldiers-the.md) _Context: Homs, Syrian Army_
4. [The Syrian Army backed by Hezbollah fighters retakes a key airbase on the eastern outskirts of Damascus. The Marj al-Sultan airbase had been under rebel control since November 2012. ](/news/2015/12/14/the-syrian-army-backed-by-hezbollah-fighters-retakes-a-key-airbase-on-the-eastern-outskirts-of-damascus-the-marj-al-sultan-airbase-had-been.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Syrian Army_
5. [Following Russian airstrikes, the Syrian army and allied Lebanese Hezbollah militia take control of a highland area in Idlib province close to insurgent-held positions, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2015/10/11/following-russian-airstrikes-the-syrian-army-and-allied-lebanese-hezbollah-militia-take-control-of-a-highland-area-in-idlib-province-close.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Syrian Army_
6. [Syrian Civil War: Hezbollah and Syrian Army gain strategic territories in Qalamoun Mountains north of Damascus, which was held by opposition factions, particularly al-Nusra Front. ](/news/2015/05/13/syrian-civil-war-hezbollah-and-syrian-army-gain-strategic-territories-in-qalamoun-mountains-north-of-damascus-which-was-held-by-opposition.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Syrian Army_
7. [The Syrian Army and their Lebanese ally Hezbollah begin an assault to retake the strategic border town Yabrud from the Syrian rebels. ](/news/2014/02/12/the-syrian-army-and-their-lebanese-ally-hezbollah-begin-an-assault-to-retake-the-strategic-border-town-yabrud-from-the-syrian-rebels.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Syrian Army_
8. [The LCC report that up to 400 people have been killed across Syria on Saturday, including about 200 reported executed by the Syrian Army in the Deir Ballba neighborhood of Homs. ](/news/2012/12/29/the-lcc-report-that-up-to-400-people-have-been-killed-across-syria-on-saturday-including-about-200-reported-executed-by-the-syrian-army-in.md) _Context: Homs, Syrian Army_
9. [Syrian activists claim that at least 35 people have died in an Syrian Army offensive in Homs over the past day. ](/news/2012/06/10/syrian-activists-claim-that-at-least-35-people-have-died-in-an-syrian-army-offensive-in-homs-over-the-past-day.md) _Context: Homs, Syrian Army_
10. [The Red Cross is denied access to the Baba Amr district of Homs following its capture by the Syrian Army despite having been granted permission earlier to provide relief to 4,000 residents. ](/news/2012/03/2/the-red-cross-is-denied-access-to-the-baba-amr-district-of-homs-following-its-capture-by-the-syrian-army-despite-having-been-granted-permiss.md) _Context: Homs, Syrian Army_
