### [1999-10-31](/news/1999/10/31/index.md)

#  Roman Catholic Church and Lutheran Church leaders sign the Joint Declaration on the Doctrine of Justification, ending a centuries-old doctrinal dispute over the nature of faith and salvation.




### Related:

1. [ Pope Benedict XVI approves a document issued by the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith which redeclares the doctrine of Extra Ecclesiam nulla salus, that only the Roman Catholic Church is the true Christian church, and no other Christian denomination has the "means of salvation." ](/news/2007/07/10/pope-benedict-xvi-approves-a-document-issued-by-the-congregation-for-the-doctrine-of-the-faith-which-redeclares-the-doctrine-of-extra-eccle.md) _Context: Roman Catholic Church, salvation_
2. [Pope Francis meets with Patriarch Kirill of Moscow in Havana, Cuba. It is the first time that the heads of the Roman Catholic Church and Russian Orthodox Church have ever met. ](/news/2016/02/12/pope-francis-meets-with-patriarch-kirill-of-moscow-in-havana-cuba-it-is-the-first-time-that-the-heads-of-the-roman-catholic-church-and-rus.md) _Context: Roman Catholic Church_
3. [Bon Secours Mother and Baby Home:Dr Diarmuid Martin, the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Dublin, calls for an independent inquiry into mass graves for women and children warning that more sites are likely to be found in Ireland. ](/news/2014/06/8/bon-secours-mother-and-baby-home-pdr-diarmuid-martin-the-roman-catholic-archbishop-of-dublin-calls-for-an-independent-inquiry-into-mass-gr.md) _Context: Roman Catholic Church_
4. [Pope Francis appoints Alfred Xuereb, an Honorary Prelate of the Roman Catholic Church, to succeed archbishop Georg Ganswein as his first private secretary. ](/news/2013/03/18/pope-francis-appoints-alfred-xuereb-an-honorary-prelate-of-the-roman-catholic-church-to-succeed-archbishop-georg-ga-nswein-as-his-first-pr.md) _Context: Roman Catholic Church_
5. [Papal conclave, 2013:Roman Catholic Cardinals meet in Rome in a conclave to appoint a successor to Pope Benedict XVI. ](/news/2013/03/12/papal-conclave-2013-proman-catholic-cardinals-meet-in-rome-in-a-conclave-to-appoint-a-successor-to-pope-benedict-xvi.md) _Context: Roman Catholic Church_
6. [Roman Catholic Church:Pope Benedict XVI formally appoints 22 new Cardinals. ](/news/2012/02/18/roman-catholic-church-ppope-benedict-xvi-formally-appoints-22-new-cardinals.md) _Context: Roman Catholic Church_
7. [Twenty-one Catholic priests in the US city of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, are suspended after being named in an investigation in claims of widespread child molestation. ](/news/2011/03/8/twenty-one-catholic-priests-in-the-us-city-of-philadelphia-pennsylvania-are-suspended-after-being-named-in-an-investigation-in-claims-of-w.md) _Context: Roman Catholic Church_
8. [The Cuban Roman Catholic Church claims that the Government of Cuba plans to release 10 dissidents including Oscar Elias Biscet. ](/news/2011/03/10/the-cuban-roman-catholic-church-claims-that-the-government-of-cuba-plans-to-release-10-dissidents-including-ascar-elaas-biscet.md) _Context: Roman Catholic Church_
9. [Pope Benedict XVI's visit to the United Kingdom:Pope Benedict XVI apologizes to the victims of sexual abuse within the Roman Catholic Church during his visit to Britain. ](/news/2010/09/18/pope-benedict-xvi-s-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-ppope-benedict-xvi-apologizes-to-the-victims-of-sexual-abuse-within-the-roman-catholic-churc.md) _Context: Roman Catholic Church_
10. [Response to child sexual abuse in the Roman Catholic Church:Bishop of Bruges since 1984 Roger Joseph Vangheluwe admits sexually abusing a boy and resigns with immediate effect. ](/news/2010/04/23/response-to-child-sexual-abuse-in-the-roman-catholic-church-pbishop-of-bruges-since-1984-roger-joseph-vangheluwe-admits-sexually-abusing-a-b.md) _Context: Roman Catholic Church_
