### [2017-02-9](/news/2017/02/9/index.md)

# China-United States relations: Donald Trump, the President of the United States, agrees to continue the One China Policy after a discussion with Chinese President Xi Jinping. 

The president had earlier called the policy on Taiwan into question, a red line for China.


### Source:

1. [Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/world/wp/2017/02/09/trump-agrees-to-follow-one-china-policy-in-a-call-with-president-xi-jinping-earlier-trump-questioned-that-bedrock-policy/?wpisrc=al_alert-COMBO-world%252Bnation)

### Related:

1. [China-United States relations: The People's Republic of China lodges a complaint with the United States after President-elect of the United States Donald Trump speaks with President of Taiwan Tsai Ing-wen. The PRC and the United States view Taiwan as a breakaway province. ](/news/2016/12/3/china-united-states-relations-the-people-s-republic-of-china-lodges-a-complaint-with-the-united-states-after-president-elect-of-the-unite.md) _Context: China-United States relations, Donald Trump, One-China policy_
2. [One-China policy: China-United States relations: President-elect Donald Trump says he sees no reason why the U.S. should continue to abide by the One China policy unless a bargain is reached with Beijing involving trade. ](/news/2016/12/12/one-china-policy-china-united-states-relations-president-elect-donald-trump-says-he-sees-no-reason-why-the-u-s-should-continue-to-abide.md) _Context: China-United States relations, Donald Trump, One-China policy_
3. [Sexual orientation and gender identity in the United States military: Five transgender United States military personnel sue President Donald Trump and top Pentagon officials over the President's policy change announced late last month banning transgender people from serving in the military. The suit asks the court to prevent the ban from going into effect. ](/news/2017/08/9/sexual-orientation-and-gender-identity-in-the-united-states-military-five-transgender-united-states-military-personnel-sue-president-donald.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President_
4. [U.S. President Donald Trump pardons former sheriff of Maricopa County, Arizona, Joe Arpaio. ](/news/2017/08/25/u-s-president-donald-trump-pardons-former-sheriff-of-maricopa-county-arizona-joe-arpaio.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President_
5. [Russia-United States relations: President of the United States Donald Trump signs the Countering America-s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act. Prime Minister of Russia Dmitry Medvedev calls it a "trade war". ](/news/2017/08/2/russia-united-states-relations-president-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-signs-the-countering-america-s-adversaries-through-sanctions.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President_
6. [Political appointments by Donald Trump: Steve Bannon resigns as President Donald Trump's White House Chief Strategist. ](/news/2017/08/18/political-appointments-by-donald-trump-steve-bannon-resigns-as-president-donald-trump-s-white-house-chief-strategist.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President_
7. [Presidency of Donald Trump: President Donald Trump has ended his planned Presidential Advisory Council on Infrastructure after only a month, coming a day after two other advisory councils, the Strategic and Policy Forum and the American Manufacturing Council, were scrapped. No reason was given. ](/news/2017/08/17/presidency-of-donald-trump-president-donald-trump-has-ended-his-planned-presidential-advisory-council-on-infrastructure-after-only-a-month.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President_
8. [CNN controversies: CNN is accused of threatening to reveal the personal identity of a Reddit user who made a GIF depicting United States President Donald Trump tackling a man to the ground, with CNN's logo superimposed on the man's face. The GIF was modified and posted on Trump's Twitter feed. ](/news/2017/07/4/cnn-controversies-cnn-is-accused-of-threatening-to-reveal-the-personal-identity-of-a-reddit-user-who-made-a-gif-depicting-united-states-pre.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President_
9. [Sexual orientation and gender identity in the United States military: U.S. President Donald Trump tweets that transgender Americans will not be allowed to serve "in any capacity" in the United States Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/07/26/sexual-orientation-and-gender-identity-in-the-united-states-military-u-s-president-donald-trump-tweets-that-transgender-americans-will-not.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President_
10. [Efforts to impeach Donald Trump: Representative Brad Sherman files the first articles for the formal impeachment of Donald Trump in his position of President of the United States. ](/news/2017/07/12/efforts-to-impeach-donald-trump-representative-brad-sherman-files-the-first-articles-for-the-formal-impeachment-of-donald-trump-in-his-posi.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President_
