### [2017-02-9](/news/2017/02/9/index.md)

# When Russian President Vladimir Putin, during the January telephone conversation with President Donald Trump,  raised the possibility of extending the 2010  New START treaty that caps U.S. and Russian deployment of nuclear warheads, President Trump    declined, stating that this treaty  is a bad deal for the United States. 

In his first call as president with Russian leader Vladimir Putin, Donald Trump denounced a treaty that caps U.S. and Russian deployment of nuclear warheads as a bad deal for the United States, according to two U.S. officials and one former U.S. official with knowledge of the call.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-putin-idUSKBN15O2A5)
2. [The Hill](http://thehill.com/policy/national-security/318733-trump-denounced-arms-reduction-treaty-in-putin-call-report)

### Related:

1. [U.S. President Donald Trump says he and Russian President Vladimir Putin "discussed forming an impenetrable cybersecurity unit so that election hacking, and many other negative things, will be guarded and safe." Trump later says he does not think this will happen. ](/news/2017/07/9/u-s-president-donald-trump-says-he-and-russian-president-vladimir-putin-discussed-forming-an-impenetrable-cybersecurity-unit-so-that-elect.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Russia-United States relations, Vladimir Putin_
2. [Leaders from the Group of Twenty come together at the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, including United States President Donald Trump who is set to meet with President of Russia Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2017/07/7/leaders-from-the-group-of-twenty-come-together-at-the-g20-summit-in-hamburg-germany-including-united-states-president-donald-trump-who-is.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
3. [Democratic presidential election nominee Hillary Clinton accuses Russian intelligence services of being behind recent hacks into Democratic National Committee computers, while also accusing Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump of supporting Russian President Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2016/07/31/democratic-presidential-election-nominee-hillary-clinton-accuses-russian-intelligence-services-of-being-behind-recent-hacks-into-democratic.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
4. [President of Russia Vladimir Putin accuses the United States of reneging on a 16-year-old deal that called for reducing Russia's and the United States' stockpiles of weapons-grade plutonium. He accused Washington of trying to preserve its ability to turn some of its plutonium stockpile back into a form usable for nuclear weapons. ](/news/2016/04/23/president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-accuses-the-united-states-of-reneging-on-a-16-year-old-deal-that-called-for-reducing-russia-s-and-the-uni.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
5. [Russia-United States relations,  U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry leaves for Moscow for talks on Syria and Ukraine with Russian President Vladimir Putin and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on  Wednesday. Kerry is also  expected to discuss the case of Ukrainian pilot Nadiya Savchenko,  who today was sentenced to 22 years in prison in the city of Donetsk. ](/news/2016/03/22/russiaaunited-states-relations-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-leaves-for-moscow-for-talks-on-syria-and-ukraine-with-russian-presiden.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
6. [Russian President Vladimir Putin calls U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, "a very colorful person. Talented, without any doubt" as well as an "absolute leader" in the race for the presidency. ](/news/2015/12/17/russian-president-vladimir-putin-calls-u-s-republican-presidential-candidate-donald-trump-a-very-colorful-person-talented-without-any-d.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
7. [ Russian President Vladimir Putin announces that Russia may consider targeting new sites across Europe with nuclear weapons if part of the United States' nuclear capability is introduced into Europe. ](/news/2007/06/4/russian-president-vladimir-putin-announces-that-russia-may-consider-targeting-new-sites-across-europe-with-nuclear-weapons-if-part-of-the-u.md) _Context: Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin, nuclear warheads_
8. [Russian President Vladimir Putin expels 755 U.S. diplomats in response to new sanctions imposed by the United States. ](/news/2017/07/30/russian-president-vladimir-putin-expels-755-u-s-diplomats-in-response-to-new-sanctions-imposed-by-the-united-states.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations, Russian President Vladimir Putin_
9. [Russian President Vladimir Putin appoints Vasily Nebenzya to be the new Permanent Representative of Russia to the United Nations following the sudden death of Vitaly Churkin in February. ](/news/2017/07/27/russian-president-vladimir-putin-appoints-vasily-nebenzya-to-be-the-new-permanent-representative-of-russia-to-the-united-nations-following-t.md) _Context: Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
10. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, who later had to cut short his visit to Moscow because of terrorist attacks on the Philippine southern island of Mindanao, tells Russia President Vladimir Putin that the Philippines is looking to Russia for modern arms to fight ISIL. ](/news/2017/05/22/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-who-later-had-to-cut-short-his-visit-to-moscow-because-of-terrorist-attacks-on-the-philippine-southern.md) _Context: Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
