### [2015-10-4](/news/2015/10/4/index.md)

# Israeli-Palestinian conflict Stabbing attacks carried out by Palestinians in Jerusalem's Old City kill two Israeli civilians and injures three others. As a result, Isreal bans Palestinians from entering the Old City for two days unless they live there. 

Israel barred Palestinians from Jerusalem&#x27;s Old City Sunday as violence spread after two Israelis were stabbed to death, and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu spoke of &quot;a fight to the death against Palestinian terror&quot;. Netanyahu convened his top security officials immediately after landing


### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-34435197)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2015/10/04/middleeast/jerusalem-violence/)
3. [Yahoo News](https://news.yahoo.com/israel-bars-palestinians-jerusalem-old-city-2-days-054647300.html#)

### Related:

1. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu  prohibits all members of the Knesset (MKs) from visiting the Jerusalem site revered by Jews as the Temple Mount, and by Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary, in an attempt to calm several days of violence in the Old City. The prohibition applies to both Jewish and Muslim parliamentarians. ](/news/2015/10/8/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-prohibits-all-members-of-the-knesset-mks-from-visiting-the-jerusalem-site-revered-by-jews-as-th.md) _Context: Israeli–Palestinian conflict, Jerusalem, Old City's_
2. [A Palestinian wielding an ax attacks an Israeli soldier near Hebron and is shot dead while two 12-year-old Palestinians in Jerusalem are arrested by Israeli Police with three knives concealed in their coats on suspicion of planning to carry out a stabbing attack. ](/news/2016/04/14/a-palestinian-wielding-an-ax-attacks-an-israeli-soldier-near-hebron-and-is-shot-dead-while-two-12-year-old-palestinians-in-jerusalem-are-arr.md) _Context: Israeli–Palestinian conflict, Jerusalem_
3. [Two Palestinian attackers stab passers-by at the Old City's Jaffa Gate in Jerusalem, Israel, killing two and injuring one; the attackers are shot and killed by two Israeli Border Police officers. ](/news/2015/12/23/two-palestinian-attackers-stab-passers-by-at-the-old-city-s-jaffa-gate-in-jerusalem-israel-killing-two-and-injuring-one-the-attackers-are.md) _Context: Jerusalem, Old City's_
4. [Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation" with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaza-will-fulfil-its-role-in-the-je.md) _Context: Israeli–Palestinian conflict, Jerusalem_
5. [Israel destroys the homes of three Palestinian terrorists. Rassen and Udai abu-Jamal who committed the 2014 Jerusalem synagogue attack and Moatez Hijazi who committed the excavator rampage in Jerusalem during the 2014 Israel-Gaza conflict. ](/news/2015/10/6/israel-destroys-the-homes-of-three-palestinian-terrorists-rassen-and-udai-abu-jamal-who-committed-the-2014-jerusalem-synagogue-attack-and-m.md) _Context: Israeli–Palestinian conflict, Jerusalem_
6. [Israel deploys an extra 800 Israeli police officers as Palestinians call for a "day of rage" protests in Jerusalem over entry restrictions to Al-Aqsa mosque. A police vehicle in Jerusalem was attacked with assault rifle fire. ](/news/2015/09/18/israel-deploys-an-extra-800-israeli-police-officers-as-palestinians-call-for-a-day-of-rage-protests-in-jerusalem-over-entry-restrictions-t.md) _Context: Israeli–Palestinian conflict, Jerusalem_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:A vehicular attack in Jerusalem leaves one person dead and injures fourteen others as Hamas claims responsibility and calls for similar acts. ](/news/2014/11/5/israeliapalestinian-conflict-pa-vehicular-attack-in-jerusalem-leaves-one-person-dead-and-injures-fourteen-others-as-hamas-claims-responsib.md) _Context: Israeli–Palestinian conflict, Jerusalem_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:Four rabbis (three American and one British) are killed, and eight other people wounded in a terrorist attack on a Jerusalem synagogue by two men armed with meat cleavers and guns. The two attackers were killed by police who arrived at the scene. One of the policemen died from his wounds. ](/news/2014/11/18/israeliapalestinian-conflict-pfour-rabbis-three-american-and-one-british-are-killed-and-eight-other-people-wounded-in-a-terrorist-attac.md) _Context: Israeli–Palestinian conflict, Jerusalem_
9. [ A gun battle in the Old City in Jerusalem results in the death of a gunman and injures at least ten other people. ](/news/2007/08/10/a-gun-battle-in-the-old-city-in-jerusalem-results-in-the-death-of-a-gunman-and-injures-at-least-ten-other-people.md) _Context: Jerusalem, Old City's_
10. [  A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-two-other-passengers-are-injured-a-p.md) _Context: Jerusalem_
