## [2015-10-4](/news/2015/10/4/index.md)

### [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Stabbing attacks carried out by Palestinians in Jerusalem's Old City kill two Israeli civilians and injures three others. As a result, Israel bans Palestinians from entering the Old City for two days unless they live there. ](/news/2015/10/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-stabbing-attacks-carried-out-by-palestinians-in-jerusalem-s-old-city-kill-two-israeli-civilians-and-injures.md)
Israel barred Palestinians from Jerusalem&#x27;s Old City Sunday as violence spread after two Israelis were stabbed to death, and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu spoke of &quot;a fight to the death against Palestinian terror&quot;. Netanyahu convened his top security officials immediately after la...

### [Turkey-PKK conflict. Turkey's air force launches a new wave of air-raids bombing PKK positions in northern Iraq and southeastern Turkey. Turkish warplanes destroy PKK fuel and ammunition depots in the Hakkari province on the border with Iraq, as well as, in the eastern Kars province, according to a military statement. ](/news/2015/10/4/turkey-pkk-conflict-turkey-s-air-force-launches-a-new-wave-of-air-raids-bombing-pkk-positions-in-northern-iraq-and-southeastern-turkey-t.md)
Turkish warplanes struck Kurdistan Workers&#x27; Party (PKK) targets in northern Iraq and eastern Turkey overnight, in a new air operation against the Kurdish militant group, the army said Sunday. Turkish F-16 fighters hit 17 PKK positions in northern Iraq, destroying shelters used by the militant g...

### [Syrian Civil War. Syrian President Bashar al-Assad says reforms in Syria are unlikely until all of the government-s armed opponents are vanquished. The country will continue to send representatives to peace negotiations sponsored by Moscow, but rule out negotiations with the Western-backed groups opposing his government. ](/news/2015/10/4/syrian-civil-war-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-says-reforms-in-syria-are-unlikely-until-all-of-the-government-s-armed-opponents-are-va.md)
A 2,000-year-old Roman arch of triumph in the ancient city of Palmyra in Syria has been blown up by Isis militants, the country’s antiquities chief has said. IS blow up Arch of Triumph Maamoun Abdulkarim told Reuters that local sources had confirmed that the arch had been virtually destroyed.

### [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). The death toll from Saturday's airstrikes on the Doctors Without Borders' hospital in Kunduz, Afghanistan rises to at least 10 patients and 12 hospital staff in Doctors Without Borders, also known as Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF). Doctors without Borders issues a statement expressing its "clear assumption that a war crime has been committed," and announces that all staff have left the hospital and the city. ](/news/2015/10/4/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-the-death-toll-from-saturday-s-airstrikes-on-the-doctors-without-borders-hospital-in-kunduz-afghanist.md)
Doctors Without Borders staff have left the hospital in the city of Kunduz, Afghanistan, that was bombed in airstrikes blamed on the U.S.-led NATO coalition.

### [Heavy flooding along the French Riviera in the southeast of France killls at least 17 people with four more still missing. Rail, road, and air traffic are all suspended, and 27,000 homes are without electricity. A major stretch of the French Riviera has been declared a natural disaster zone. According to local radio station France Bleu-Azur, more than 17cm of rain fell on the Alpes-Maritimes region in two hours, the same amount the region would usually expect over two months. ](/news/2015/10/4/heavy-flooding-along-the-french-riviera-in-the-southeast-of-france-killls-at-least-17-people-with-four-more-still-missing-rail-road-and-a.md)
Violent storms and flooding along the French Riviera have killed at least 17 people and another four are still missing in what were described as &quot;apocalyptic&quot; scenes, local officials said Sunday. Up to 180 millimetres (seven inches) of rain fell in just three hours overnight, transforming

### [October 2015 nor'easter. U.S. President Barack Obama declares a state of emergency for South Carolina, after the state receives over two feet of rain in some areas. More than 250 roads across the state close. A low pressure area funnels heavy tropical moisture into the region, as well as, pulls in Hurricane Joaquin-related precipitation. ](/news/2015/10/4/october-2015-nor-easter-u-s-president-barack-obama-declares-a-state-of-emergency-for-south-carolina-after-the-state-receives-over-two-fee.md)
&quot;We haven&#x27;t seen this level of rain in the Low Country in 1,000 years,&quot; said Gov. Nikki Haley during a news conference Sunday. &quot;That&#x27;s how big this is.&quot;

### [2015 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Joaquin. U.S. Coast Guard searchers, looking for the 790-foot El Faro cargo ship missing since Thursday, locate multiple objects, including life jackets, life rings, containers, and an oil sheen in the waters off The Bahamas. Connection to El Faro is not immediately confirmed. ](/news/2015/10/4/2015-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-joaquin-u-s-coast-guard-searchers-looking-for-the-790-foot-el-faro-cargo-ship-missing-since-thu.md)
The U.S. Coast Guard continued searching Sunday for a cargo ship that went missing near the Bahamas with 33 crewmembers aboard after it was caught in Hurricane Joaquin and began taking on water.

### [Portuguese legislative election, 2015. Exit polls show Portugal-s center-right government, in its first contest since tough austerity measures were launched to combat a debt crisis, is headed for victory, but, could lose its majority in parliament. ](/news/2015/10/4/portuguese-legislative-election-2015-exit-polls-show-portugal-s-center-right-government-in-its-first-contest-since-tough-austerity-meas.md)
Portugal Ahead pro-austerity coalition under Pedro Passos Coelho took 36.8% of the vote but looks set to lose its parliamentary majority

### [In Minsk, about 1,000 opposition activists protest Russia's plans to establish a military air base in Belarus, saying it would turn the former Soviet republic into a Kremlin "vassal" and add to regional tensions. Belarussian President Alexander Lukashenko has refrained from commenting on the initiative to establish the base. ](/news/2015/10/4/in-minsk-about-1-000-opposition-activists-protest-russia-s-plans-to-establish-a-military-air-base-in-belarus-saying-it-would-turn-the-form.md)
_Context: Alexander Lukashenko, Belarus, Minsk_

### [Kyrgyzstani parliamentary election, 2015. Voters in Kyrgyzstan go to the polls with the Social Democratic Party of Kyrgyzstan winning the most votes which will lead to a pro-Russian coalition. ](/news/2015/10/4/kyrgyzstani-parliamentary-election-2015-voters-in-kyrgyzstan-go-to-the-polls-with-the-social-democratic-party-of-kyrgyzstan-winning-the-mo.md)
The Social Democratic Party of Kyrgyzstan, linked to pro-Moscow President Almazbek Atambayev, came out on top at Sunday&#x27;s parliamentary election in the ex-Soviet state, with five other pro-Russian parties also winning seats. Results released by the country&#x27;s Central Electoral Commission sh...

## [Previous Day...](/news/2015/10/3/index.md)

