### [2015-10-4](/news/2015/10/4/index.md)

# Stabbing attacks carried out by Palestinians in Jerusalem's Old City kill two Israeli civilians and injures three others. As a result, Israel bans Palestinians from entering the Old City for two days unless they live there. 

Israel barred Palestinians from Jerusalem&#x27;s Old City Sunday as violence spread after two Israelis were stabbed to death, and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu spoke of &quot;a fight to the death against Palestinian terror&quot;. Netanyahu convened his top security officials immediately after landing


### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-34435197)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2015/10/04/middleeast/jerusalem-violence/)
3. [Yahoo News](https://news.yahoo.com/israel-bars-palestinians-jerusalem-old-city-2-days-054647300.html#)
3. [Cover Image](https://s.yimg.com/uu/api/res/1.2/K8KKP14v1S4bgDYrbzpFNQ--/aD02ODI7dz0xMDI0O3NtPTE7YXBwaWQ9eXRhY2h5b24-/http://media.zenfs.com/en_us/News/afp.com/Part-NIC-Nic6492062-1-1-0.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu prohibits all members of the Knesset (MKs) from visiting the Jerusalem site revered by Jews as the Temple Mount, and by Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary, in an attempt to calm several days of violence in the Old City. The prohibition applies to both Jewish and Muslim parliamentarians. ](/news/2015/10/8/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-prohibits-all-members-of-the-knesset-mks-from-visiting-the-jerusalem-site-revered-by-jews-as-the.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Jerusalem, Old City_
2. [A 6th century mosaic dated from the rule of Justinian I is discovered while installing communication cables in Jerusalem's Old City. ](/news/2017/08/24/a-6th-century-mosaic-dated-from-the-rule-of-justinian-i-is-discovered-while-installing-communication-cables-in-jerusalem-s-old-city.md) _Context: Jerusalem, Old City_
3. [The Israeli government says it will remove metal detectors and some cameras recently installed at the entrances to the Temple Mount in Jerusalem that resulted in a wave of protests and some deaths. Instead, less obtrusive surveillance means will be used. ](/news/2017/07/25/the-israeli-government-says-it-will-remove-metal-detectors-and-some-cameras-recently-installed-at-the-entrances-to-the-temple-mount-in-jerus.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Jerusalem_
4. [A United Nations Security Council session is to be held to address the escalating violence in Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/07/22/a-united-nations-security-council-session-is-to-be-held-to-address-the-escalating-violence-in-jerusalem.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Jerusalem_
5. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Jerusalem_

### Changes:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict Stabbing attacks carried out by Palestinians in Jerusalem's Old City kill two Israeli civilians and injures three others. As a result, Isreal bans Palestinians from entering the Old City for two days unless they live there. ](/news/2015/10/4/israeliapalestinian-conflict-pstabbing-attacks-carried-out-by-palestinians-in-jerusalem-s-old-city-kill-two-israeli-civilians-and-injures.md) _2017-05-25 03:45:05 (First version)_
2. [Stabbing attacks carried out by Palestinians in Jerusalem's Old City kill two Israeli civilians and injures three others. As a result, Isreal bans Palestinians from entering the Old City for two days unless they live there. ](/news/2015/10/4/stabbing-attacks-carried-out-by-palestinians-in-jerusalem-s-old-city-kill-two-israeli-civilians-and-injures-three-others-as-a-result-isrea.md) _2017-07-14 03:43:46 (Update)_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Stabbing attacks carried out by Palestinians in Jerusalem's Old City kill two Israeli civilians and injures three others. As a result, Israel bans Palestinians from entering the Old City for two days unless they live there. ](/news/2015/10/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-stabbing-attacks-carried-out-by-palestinians-in-jerusalem-s-old-city-kill-two-israeli-civilians-and-injures.md) _2017-08-27 03:43:13 (Update)_
3. [Stabbing attacks carried out by Palestinians in Jerusalem's Old City kill two Israeli civilians and injures three others. As a result, Israel bans Palestinians from entering the Old City for two days unless they live there. ](/news/2015/10/4/stabbing-attacks-carried-out-by-palestinians-in-jerusalem-s-old-city-kill-two-israeli-civilians-and-injures-three-others-as-a-result-israe.md) _(Current version)_
