### [2015-10-4](/news/2015/10/4/index.md)

# Syrian President Bashar al-Assad says reforms in Syria are unlikely until all of the government's armed opponents are vanquished. The country will continue to send representatives to peace negotiations sponsored by Moscow, but rule out negotiations with the Western-backed groups opposing his government. 

A 2,000-year-old Roman arch of triumph in the ancient city of Palmyra in Syria has been blown up by Isis militants, the country’s antiquities chief has said. IS blow up Arch of Triumph Maamoun Abdulkarim told Reuters that local sources had confirmed that the arch had been virtually destroyed.


### Source:

1. [AP](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/M/ML_SYRIA_ISLAMIC_STATE_DESTROYING_HERITAGE?SITE=AP&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT)
2. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/palmyra-isis-destroys-roman-triumphal-arch-in-ancient-syrian-city-a6679526.html)
3. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/middle_east/assad-says-no-peace-settlement-until-war-against-terrorists-is-won/2015/10/04/2ec11b7c-6914-11e5-bdb6-6861f4521205_story.html)
3. [Cover Image](https://static.independent.co.uk/s3fs-public/thumbnails/image/2015/10/01/17/playmra.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Israeli Minister of Construction Yoav Galant states that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should be assassinated. Yesterday, the United States Department of State accused the al-Assad government of using a crematory at Sednaya Prison to cover up the mass murders of thousands of political prisoners. The Syrian government denies the accusations. ](/news/2017/05/16/israeli-minister-of-construction-yoav-galant-states-that-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-should-be-assassinated-yesterday-the-united-stat.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
2. [At least 75 Syrian Army soldiers and pro-Assad militiamen are killed following a multi-front attack on the eastern Syrian city of Deir ez-Zor by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant forces. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports ISIL fighters had advanced into the northern tip of Deir ez-Zor city, and captured the suburb of Al-Baghaliyeh. The pro-government Syrian Arab News Agency (SANA) reports that government forces had repelled an attack on the city leaving dozens of militants dead. ](/news/2016/01/16/at-least-75-syrian-army-soldiers-and-pro-assad-militiamen-are-killed-following-a-multi-front-attack-on-the-eastern-syrian-city-of-deir-ez-zo.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Russia expands its military presence in Syria with an additional airbase that can accommodate fixed-winged military aircraft. The U.S. Department of Defense also confirms that Russia added S-400 surface-to-air missiles to its Syrian stockpile and armed its military aircraft with air-to-air missiles. According to Military Times, "A Pentagon spokesman expressed concern" these moves indicate Russia's commitment to aiding the embattled Assad regime as opposed to combating ISIL. No Syrian opposition groups including ISIL have combat-ready aircraft that require air-to-air missiles. ](/news/2015/12/2/russia-expands-its-military-presence-in-syria-with-an-additional-airbase-that-can-accommodate-fixed-winged-military-aircraft-the-u-s-depar.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
4. [U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says new talks aimed to help end Syria's war shouldn't be held up by wrangling over whether President Bashar Assad stays or goes. ](/news/2015/10/31/u-n-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-says-new-talks-aimed-to-help-end-syria-s-war-shouldn-t-be-held-up-by-wrangling-over-whether-president-bas.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Russian President Vladimir Putin confirms that Russia is providing military aid in Syrian Civil War in support of the Bashar al-Assad regime and is providing heavy weapons, aircraft, tanks, serious training and logistical support to the Syrian Army. ](/news/2015/09/4/russian-president-vladimir-putin-confirms-that-russia-is-providing-military-aid-in-syrian-civil-war-in-support-of-the-bashar-al-assad-regime.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian TV reports that 39 people have been killed and 205 injured as a result of a mortar attack on a pro-Assad rally. ](/news/2014/05/23/syrian-tv-reports-that-39-people-have-been-killed-and-205-injured-as-a-result-of-a-mortar-attack-on-a-pro-assad-rally.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian civil war: Syrian President Bashar al-Assad rejects an offer to safely leave Syria and vows to "live and die" in the country. ](/news/2012/11/8/syrian-civil-war-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-rejects-an-offer-to-safely-leave-syria-and-vows-to-live-and-die-in-the-country.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Several people are killed in clashes in the Lebanese city of Tripoli between supporters and opponents of the Syrian president Bashar al-Assad, in a violent spillover from the Syrian civil war. ](/news/2012/05/13/several-people-are-killed-in-clashes-in-the-lebanese-city-of-tripoli-between-supporters-and-opponents-of-the-syrian-president-bashar-al-assa.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian civil war: At least 13 people are killed in a continuing crackdown by security forces in Syria; opposition leaders meeting in Turkey call for President Bashar al-Assad to step down. ](/news/2011/06/2/syrian-civil-war-at-least-13-people-are-killed-in-a-continuing-crackdown-by-security-forces-in-syria-opposition-leaders-meeting-in-turkey.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
10. [ISIL militants and their families, estimated to be around 600 people, begin to leave their strongholds on the Lebanon-Syria border and Qalamun Mountains for the Deir ez-Zor Governorate under Syrian military escort. A ceasefire was reached between warring parties yesterday. ](/news/2017/08/28/isil-militants-and-their-families-estimated-to-be-around-600-people-begin-to-leave-their-strongholds-on-the-lebanonasyria-border-and-qal.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
