### [2015-10-4](/news/2015/10/4/index.md)

# The death toll from Saturday's airstrikes on the Doctors Without Borders' hospital in Kunduz, Afghanistan rises to at least 10 patients and 12 hospital staff in Doctors Without Borders, also known as Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF). Doctors without Borders issues a statement expressing its "clear assumption that a war crime has been committed," and announces that all staff have left the hospital and the city.  

Doctors Without Borders staff have left the hospital in the city of Kunduz, Afghanistan, that was bombed in airstrikes blamed on the U.S.-led NATO coalition.


### Source:

1. [International Business Times](http://www.ibtimes.com/afghanistan-kunduz-airstrikes-are-nato-admission-war-crime-22-die-airstrikes-doctors-2126801)
2. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/World-News/2015/10/04/Doctors-Without-Borders-staff-leave-Kunduz-hospital-death-toll-rises/4711443970653/)

### Related:

1. [Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors without Borders) calls for activating the International Humanitarian Fact-Finding Commission - for the first time since its 1991 creation under the Geneva Conventions - to investigate the deadly U.S. bombing of MSF's hospital in Kunduz, Afghanistan. MSF says it does not trust internal military inquiries into the bombing that killed at least 22 people, which it considers a war crime. ](/news/2015/10/7/ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doctors-without-borders-calls-for-activating-the-international-humanitarian-fact-finding-commission-a-for-the.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kunduz, Medecins Sans Frontieres, War in Afghanistan (2015-present), war crime_
2. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present) The United Nations mission in Afghanistan  reports 289 civilians were killed  (''301 with MSF update'')  and 559  injured during fighting in Kunduz between Taliban militants and Afghan National Security Forces in September and October. The U.N. says these numbers include casualties from the friendly-fire attack on the Doctors Without Borders hospital and noted the totals were likely to rise as more information becomes available. ](/news/2015/12/12/war-in-afghanistan-2015apresent-pthe-united-nations-mission-in-afghanistan-reports-289-civilians-were-killed-301-with-msf-update.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kunduz, Medecins Sans Frontieres, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
3. [Carrying coffins holding the beheaded bodies of seven ethnic Hazara, thousands of demonstrators from  Afghanistan's different ethnic groups - Pashtun, Tajik, Uzbek, and Hazara -  march on the  Presidential Palace in Kabul,  urging the government to take action against the rising violence against Afghan civilians. The murders, which the United Nations denounced as a potential war crime, have fueled a growing sense of insecurity since the Taliban briefly seized control of  Kunduz in late September. ](/news/2015/11/11/carrying-coffins-holding-the-beheaded-bodies-of-seven-ethnic-hazara-thousands-of-demonstrators-from-afghanistan-s-different-ethnic-groups.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kunduz, War in Afghanistan (2015-present), war crime_
4. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Afghanistan's acting defense minister has stated that the Medecins Sans Frontieres hospital in Kunduz bombed on 3 October by U.S. forces was being used as a safe haven by insurgents. MSF has repeatedly denied the allegation, stating "Every staff member in Kunduz working for MSF has repeatedly reported to us that there were no armed people in the hospital at the time of the bombing". ](/news/2015/10/19/war-in-afghanistan-2015apresent-afghanistanas-acting-defense-minister-has-stated-that-the-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-hospital-in-kund.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kunduz, Medecins Sans Frontieres, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
5. [  Suspect Taliban militants kill nine and kidnap 170 in an attack on three passenger buses in Kunduz, Afghanistan. ](/news/2016/05/31/suspect-taliban-militants-kill-nine-and-kidnap-170-in-an-attack-on-three-passenger-buses-in-kunduz-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kunduz, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
6. [According to the United States Department of Defense, an airstrike that hit a hospital in Kunduz, Afghanistan, last October did not amount to a war crime because the airstrike was "unintentional" and that those involved would face suspension but not criminal charges. In response to the briefing, a president of the organization which operated the hospital described it as "an admission of an uncontrolled military operation in a densely populated urban area, during which US forces failed to follow the basic laws of war." ](/news/2016/04/30/according-to-the-united-states-department-of-defense-an-airstrike-that-hit-a-hospital-in-kunduz-afghanistan-last-october-did-not-amount-t.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Medecins Sans Frontieres, war crime_
7. [Heavy fighting continues in the north of Afghanistan as Taliban fighters intensify their attacks in several districts around Kunduz in their bid to retake the city. According to a police chief, militants overnight attacked several police checkpoints in the southwest outskirts of the city while government forces repelled a major attack to the east of Kunduz. ](/news/2016/04/17/heavy-fighting-continues-in-the-north-of-afghanistan-as-taliban-fighters-intensify-their-attacks-in-several-districts-around-kunduz-in-their.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kunduz, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
8. [According to a police chief, at least 40 Taliban fighters are killed after launching an offensive against Afghan security forces to seize the strategic northern city of Kunduz while four security force personnel are also killed. ](/news/2016/04/16/according-to-a-police-chief-at-least-40-taliban-fighters-are-killed-after-launching-an-offensive-against-afghan-security-forces-to-seize-th.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kunduz, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
9. [A battle rages in the Kunduz Province of Afghanistan as the Taliban launches its spring offensive to capture the city of Kunduz. According to a Taliban spokesperson, several outposts already fell to them but this could not be verified immediately while a police chief says that the security forces were keeping "the situation under control". ](/news/2016/04/15/a-battle-rages-in-the-kunduz-province-of-afghanistan-as-the-taliban-launches-its-spring-offensive-to-capture-the-city-of-kunduz-according-t.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kunduz, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
10. [Several American personnel are suspended after an official report finds that human error was to blame for an airstrike on a Doctors without Borders hospital in the Afghan city of Kunduz in October that killed 30 people. No criminal charges were filed. ](/news/2015/11/25/several-american-personnel-are-suspended-after-an-official-report-finds-that-human-error-was-to-blame-for-an-airstrike-on-a-doctors-without.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kunduz, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
