### [2015-10-4](/news/2015/10/4/index.md)

# Turkey's air force launches a new wave of air-raids bombing PKK positions in northern Iraq and southeastern Turkey. Turkish warplanes destroy PKK fuel and ammunition depots in the Hakkari province on the border with Iraq, as well as, in the eastern Kars province, according to a military statement. 

Turkish warplanes struck Kurdistan Workers&#x27; Party (PKK) targets in northern Iraq and eastern Turkey overnight, in a new air operation against the Kurdish militant group, the army said Sunday. Turkish F-16 fighters hit 17 PKK positions in northern Iraq, destroying shelters used by the militant group


### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo News](http://news.yahoo.com/turkey-launches-overnight-air-raids-against-pkk-army-003648366.html)

### Related:

1. [The Turkish Air Force launches a wave of airstrikes against PKK targets in northern Iraq and southeastern Turkey. Turkish security officials have also rejected a PKK ceasefire declared on Saturday shortly after the bombings in Ankara, saying "The PKK ceasefire means nothing for us. The operations will continue without a break". ](/news/2015/10/11/the-turkish-air-force-launches-a-wave-of-airstrikes-against-pkk-targets-in-northern-iraq-and-southeastern-turkey-turkish-security-officials.md) _Context: Iraqi Kurdistan, PKK, Turkey–PKK conflict, Turkish_
2. [Turkey bombs PKK sites in northern Iraq after a bombing yesterday in Hakkari Province that killed at least 16 soldiers. ](/news/2015/09/8/turkey-bombs-pkk-sites-in-northern-iraq-after-a-bombing-yesterday-in-hakkac-ri-province-that-killed-at-least-16-soldiers.md) _Context: Hakkâri Province, Iraq, Turkey–PKK conflict, Turkish_
3. [Fighting in the south-eastern Sirnak Province kills thirty-four PKK militants, four civilians, and two Turkish soldiers. Also, the Turkish military conducts airstrikes on PKK camps in Iraq's northern Dohuk Governorate. ](/news/2015/09/26/fighting-in-the-south-eastern-aa-rnak-province-kills-thirty-four-pkk-militants-four-civilians-and-two-turkish-soldiers-also-the-turkish.md) _Context: Iraq, PKK, Turkey–PKK conflict, Turkish_
4. [Two Turkish police officers and two PKK militants are killed following a PKK raid on a police station in the south-eastern town of Pozanti. Also, in the eastern province of Kars, PKK militants bombed a railway line and then fired at repair workers, leaving one dead. ](/news/2015/07/31/two-turkish-police-officers-and-two-pkk-militants-are-killed-following-a-pkk-raid-on-a-police-station-in-the-south-eastern-town-of-pozanta.md) _Context: Kars province, PKK, Turkey–PKK conflict, Turkish_
5. [Turkey calls on all its citizens to leave all areas of Iraq except Iraqi Kurdistan, due to "increased security risks". ](/news/2015/12/9/turkey-calls-on-all-its-citizens-to-leave-all-areas-of-iraq-except-iraqi-kurdistan-due-to-increased-security-risks.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Kurdistan, Turkish_
6. [Turkey refuses to withdraw its forces from northern Iraq despite being given a 48 hour ultimatum by Iraq to leave the country. Turkey says the troops are there as part of an international mission to train and equip Iraqi forces to fight against the Islamic State. The Iraqi government says it never invited such a force, and will take its case to the United Nations if they are not pulled out. ](/news/2015/12/7/turkey-refuses-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-northern-iraq-despite-being-given-a-48-hour-ultimatum-by-iraq-to-leave-the-country-turkey-says-t.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Kurdistan, Turkish_
7. [Iraq's government gives Turkey 48 hours to withdraw its forces from northern Iraq or face "all available options", including recourse to the UN Security Council. ](/news/2015/12/6/iraq-s-government-gives-turkey-48-hours-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-northern-iraq-or-face-all-available-options-including-recourse-to-the.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Kurdistan, Turkish_
8. [Turkish security forces backed up by tanks and combat helicopters launch a large-scale operation against PKK militants in the mainly Kurdish town of Silvan, which has been under a punishing curfew for nine days. At least five people are killed in the fighting, including a Turkish soldier. ](/news/2015/11/11/turkish-security-forces-backed-up-by-tanks-and-combat-helicopters-launch-a-large-scale-operation-against-pkk-militants-in-the-mainly-kurdish.md) _Context: PKK, Turkey–PKK conflict, Turkish_
9. [Three Turkish troops, including a lieutenant colonel, are killed following clashes with PKK insurgents around Daglica vlliage, in the southeastern Hakkari Province. At least 17 PKK insurgents were also reportedly killed in the fighting. ](/news/2015/10/17/three-turkish-troops-including-a-lieutenant-colonel-are-killed-following-clashes-with-pkk-insurgents-around-daala-ca-vlliage-in-the-sout.md) _Context: Hakkâri Province, PKK, Turkish_
10. [Twin bomb blasts in the Turkish capital Ankara near the main train station leave at least 97 people dead and over 400 wounded. The bombing occurred during a peace rally protesting the conflict between Turkey and the militant Kurdish PKK.  ](/news/2015/10/10/twin-bomb-blasts-in-the-turkish-capital-ankara-near-the-main-train-station-leave-at-least-97-people-dead-and-over-400-wounded-the-bombing-o.md) _Context: PKK, Turkey–PKK conflict, Turkish_
