### [2014-10-25](/news/2014/10/25/index.md)

# Kurdish peshmergas retake the city of Zumar and several nearby villages from ISIS, while Iraqi government forces and Shi'ite militias seize control of Jurf Al Sakhar. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters/Huffington Post](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/10/25/kurdish-fighters-recapture-zumar_n_6046476.html)

### Related:

1. [According to the United States Department of Defense, ISIL fighters killed a Navy SEAL near Erbil. The sailor was assisting Kurdish Peshmerga forces in repelling an attack on the area. The SEAL was later identified as Arizona native Charles Keating IV, the son of Charles Keating III, and the grandson of the convicted noted late financier Charles Keating Jr., who was embroiled in the 1980s savings and loan scandal. ](/news/2016/05/3/according-to-the-united-states-department-of-defense-isil-fighters-killed-a-navy-seal-near-erbil-the-sailor-was-assisting-kurdish-peshmerg.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Peshmerga_
2. [During a visit to Baghdad, U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter announces  that the United States will be sending more troops to the country to help in the fight against ISIL. The U.S. also plans to give Kurdish Peshmerga forces, which are fighting ISIL on the ground, more than $400m (PS280m; EUR350m) in assistance. ](/news/2016/04/18/during-a-visit-to-baghdad-u-s-defense-secretary-ash-carter-announces-that-the-united-states-will-be-sending-more-troops-to-the-country-to.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Peshmerga_
3. [Kurdish Peshmerga forces backed by U.S. airstrikes seize control of Sinjar in northern Iraq. Sinjar has been under Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant occupation since August 2014. ](/news/2015/11/13/kurdish-peshmerga-forces-backed-by-u-s-airstrikes-seize-control-of-sinjar-in-northern-iraq-sinjar-has-been-under-islamic-state-of-iraq-and.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Peshmerga_
4. [Kurdish forces, backed by U.S. airstrikes, capture several villages in an offensive to retake the Iraqi town of Sinjar from Islamic State militants, who overran it more than a year ago. The operation aims to cordon off the town, take control of Islamic State supply routes, and establish a buffer zone to protect the town from artillery, according to the Kurdish national security council. ](/news/2015/11/12/kurdish-forces-backed-by-u-s-airstrikes-capture-several-villages-in-an-offensive-to-retake-the-iraqi-town-of-sinjar-from-islamic-state-mi.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Peshmerga_
5. [Islamic State fighters kill Kurdish commander Brigadier General Shirko Rauf and five other peshmerga soldiers in heavy fighting in Iraq's Kirkuk province. ](/news/2015/01/30/islamic-state-fighters-kill-kurdish-commander-brigadier-general-shirko-rauf-and-five-other-peshmerga-soldiers-in-heavy-fighting-in-iraq-s-ki.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Peshmerga_
6. [Iraqi insurgency (2011-present):Kurdish forces, supported by U.S. airstrikes, retake control of the Mosul Dam after its capture by IS militants. ](/news/2014/08/17/iraqi-insurgency-2011apresent-pkurdish-forces-supported-by-u-s-airstrikes-retake-control-of-the-mosul-dam-after-its-capture-by-is-mil.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Peshmerga_
7. [Despite opposition from Turkey, President Donald Trump authorizes an arms deal with the Syrian Kurds to assist the Syrian Democratic Forces in their fight against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). ](/news/2017/05/9/despite-opposition-from-turkey-president-donald-trump-authorizes-an-arms-deal-with-the-syrian-kurds-to-assist-the-syrian-democratic-forces.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [A U.S. special forces service member is killed while taking part in an operation against ISIL militants in Afghanistan's eastern Nangarhar Province. ](/news/2017/04/8/a-u-s-special-forces-service-member-is-killed-while-taking-part-in-an-operation-against-isil-militants-in-afghanistan-s-eastern-nangarhar-p.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [According to security sources, dozens of people are killed in an overnight attack in Tikrit by suspected ISIL militants. 31 bodies were taken to a hospital, according to a local doctor, while more continued to be found by morning. ](/news/2017/04/5/according-to-security-sources-dozens-of-people-are-killed-in-an-overnight-attack-in-tikrit-by-suspected-isil-militants-31-bodies-were-take.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
