### [2013-02-23](/news/2013/02/23/index.md)

# A container truck slams into several vehicles in Sukabumi, West Java, Indonesia, killing 16 people and injuring several others. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''The New Zealand Herald](http://www.nzherald.co.nz/world/news/article.cfm?c_id=2&objectid=10867274)

### Related:

1. [Heavy rainfall, flooding, and landslides in the Indonesian province of West Java kill at least ten people and leave three others missing. ](/news/2016/09/21/heavy-rainfall-flooding-and-landslides-in-the-indonesian-province-of-west-java-kill-at-least-ten-people-and-leave-three-others-missing.md) _Context: Indonesia, West Java_
2. [At least six people are dead and another six missing after a landslide at an illegal gold mine in the Bogor district in Indonesia's West Java area. ](/news/2012/05/26/at-least-six-people-are-dead-and-another-six-missing-after-a-landslide-at-an-illegal-gold-mine-in-the-bogor-district-in-indonesia-s-west-jav.md) _Context: Indonesia, West Java_
3. [The black box from a Russian passenger jet that crashed in the Indonesian province of West Java on May 9 is recovered by Indonesian authorities. ](/news/2012/05/16/the-black-box-from-a-russian-passenger-jet-that-crashed-in-the-indonesian-province-of-west-java-on-may-9-is-recovered-by-indonesian-authorit.md) _Context: Indonesia, West Java_
4. [A bomb explodes in a mosque in the Indonesian city of Cirebon in West Java with at least one person dead and seventeen injured. ](/news/2011/04/15/a-bomb-explodes-in-a-mosque-in-the-indonesian-city-of-cirebon-in-west-java-with-at-least-one-person-dead-and-seventeen-injured.md) _Context: Indonesia, West Java_
5. [Muslim cleric Abu Bakar Bashir is arrested - along with his wife, the driver of the car he was in and another woman - by Indonesian police in Ciamis, West Java. ](/news/2010/08/9/muslim-cleric-abu-bakar-bashir-is-arrested-along-with-his-wife-the-driver-of-the-car-he-was-in-and-another-woman-by-indonesian-police-i.md) _Context: Indonesia, West Java_
6. [At least five people are killed and dozens buried in a landslide near Bandung in West Java, Indonesia. ](/news/2010/02/23/at-least-five-people-are-killed-and-dozens-buried-in-a-landslide-near-bandung-in-west-java-indonesia.md) _Context: Indonesia, West Java_
7. [ Twenty-four people are killed as a Fokker F27 airliner crashes in Bandung, West Java, Indonesia. ](/news/2009/04/7/twenty-four-people-are-killed-as-a-fokker-f27-airliner-crashes-in-bandung-west-java-indonesia.md) _Context: Indonesia, West Java_
8. [A rescue helicopter crashes while attempting to evacuate residents near the Dieng Volcanic Complex in Central Java, Indonesia, killing all eight people on board. ](/news/2017/07/3/a-rescue-helicopter-crashes-while-attempting-to-evacuate-residents-near-the-dieng-volcanic-complex-in-central-java-indonesia-killing-all-e.md) _Context: Indonesia_
9. [In alleged emulation of Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte's war on drugs, Indonesian President Joko Widodo announces orders for police to "shoot" suspected drug dealers without trial. ](/news/2017/07/23/in-alleged-emulation-of-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-war-on-drugs-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-announces-orders-for-police-to.md) _Context: Indonesia_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Indonesia_
