### [2013-02-23](/news/2013/02/23/index.md)

# Fighting between rival Arab tribes in Sudan's Darfur region kills 51 people and injures 62 others. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/02/24/us-sudan-fighting-idUSBRE91N0FE20130224)

### Related:

1. [55 people are killed and 85 injured after clashes between Arab nomads from the Darfur region of Sudan and the Southern Sudan army. ](/news/2010/04/25/55-people-are-killed-and-85-injured-after-clashes-between-arab-nomads-from-the-darfur-region-of-sudan-and-the-southern-sudan-army.md) _Context: Arab, Darfur, Sudan_
2. [ United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan calls upon African Union leaders to take action to resolve the crisis in Darfur where an estimated 30,000 black Sudanese have been killed by Sudanese Arabs in cultural and racial strife. ](/news/2004/07/6/united-nations-secretary-general-kofi-annan-calls-upon-african-union-leaders-to-take-action-to-resolve-the-crisis-in-darfur-where-an-estima.md) _Context: Arab, Darfur, Sudan_
3. [ The European Union's 25 foreign ministers jointly call on the United Nations to pass a resolution threatening sanctions if the Sudanese government does not rein in the Arab militias blamed for atrocities in Darfur. ](/news/2004/07/27/the-european-union-s-25-foreign-ministers-jointly-call-on-the-united-nations-to-pass-a-resolution-threatening-sanctions-if-the-sudanese-gov.md) _Context: Arab, Darfur, Sudan_
4. [ Human Rights Watch releases a [http://hrw.org/english/docs/2004/07/19/darfur9096.htm report] stating that Sudanese government documents confirm support for the Arab Janjaweed militia in their campaign of ethnic cleansing against African Muslims in Darfur.](/news/2004/07/20/human-rights-watch-releases-a-http-hrw-org-english-docs-2004-07-19-darfur9096-htm-report-stating-that-sudanese-government-documents-con.md) _Context: Arab, Darfur, Sudan_
5. [ Amnesty International releases its report citing systematic killing, torturing and gang raping of females from ages 8 to 80 by Muslim Arab Janjaweed militia in the Darfur region of Sudan. ](/news/2004/07/19/amnesty-international-releases-its-report-citing-systematic-killing-torturing-and-gang-raping-of-females-from-ages-8-to-80-by-muslim-arab.md) _Context: Arab, Darfur, Sudan_
6. [ The United Nations warns of an imminent humanitarian crisis in the Darfur region of Sudan, where it is alleged that Arabs are waging a campaign of ethnic cleansing against the African population. ](/news/2004/04/14/the-united-nations-warns-of-an-imminent-humanitarian-crisis-in-the-darfur-region-of-sudan-where-it-is-alleged-that-arabs-are-waging-a-camp.md) _Context: Arab, Darfur, Sudan_
7. [Amnesty International say dozens of children in Darfur are among more than 200 people estimated to have been killed by Sudan government chemical weapons since January. ](/news/2016/09/28/amnesty-international-say-dozens-of-children-in-darfur-are-among-more-than-200-people-estimated-to-have-been-killed-by-sudan-government-chem.md) _Context: Darfur, Sudan_
8. [According to the Sudanese electoral commission, more than 97% of voters in Darfur choose to remain as five states rather than form a single region. However, The vote was held amid ongoing insecurity and many of Sudan's 2.5 million displaced people were not registered to vote, with the U.S. State Department warning that the referendum could not be considered credible "under current rules and conditions". ](/news/2016/04/23/according-to-the-sudanese-electoral-commission-more-than-97-of-voters-in-darfur-choose-to-remain-as-five-states-rather-than-form-a-single.md) _Context: Darfur, Sudan_
9. [Voting for a referendum begins in Darfur, Sudan. Voters will be asked during the three-day referendum to decide on the permanent administrative status of the region. The choices are for the creation of a Darfur Region composed of the States of Darfur, or the retention of the status quo states system. Darfur is currently divided into five states. Voters will decide this week whether the area should go back to being one region, as it was until 1994. However, there are fears of voter apathy and if the referendum will be credible. ](/news/2016/04/11/voting-for-a-referendum-begins-in-darfur-sudan-voters-will-be-asked-during-the-three-day-referendum-to-decide-on-the-permanent-administrat.md) _Context: Darfur, Sudan_
10. [Sudan's Electoral Commission declares that incumbent President of Sudan Omar al-Bashir won re-election with 94.4 per cent of the vote extending his 25 year rule. He has been indicted multiple times by the International Criminal Court for being personally responsible for war crimes committed in Darfur and elsewhere in Sudan. ](/news/2015/04/27/sudan-s-electoral-commission-declares-that-incumbent-president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-won-re-election-with-94-4-per-cent-of-the-vote-extend.md) _Context: Darfur, Sudan_
