### [2013-02-23](/news/2013/02/23/index.md)

# Israeli-Palestinian conflict:Two Palestinians are shot by Jewish settlers when conflict erupts in the West Bank. 

Jewish settlers confronted Palestinian demonstrators in a West Bank village, according to villagers and an Israeli official.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2013/02/24/world/middleeast/2-palestinians-shot-in-clashes-with-israeli-settlers.html)

### Related:

1. [Two Palestinian teenagers, from the nearby village of Qaryout, got into a Jewish settlement and stabbed an Israeli settler at his home in the  Eli settlement near Nablus in the occupied West Bank. They were stopped and killed by the army. The injured settler was taken to a hospital. ](/news/2016/03/2/two-palestinian-teenagers-from-the-nearby-village-of-qaryout-got-into-a-jewish-settlement-and-stabbed-an-israeli-settler-at-his-home-in-th.md) _Context: Israeli settlement, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
2. [Faulty readings from a  GPS system apparently resulted in two Israeli soldiers driving into the Qalandiya refugee camp in the occupied West Bank. Israeli forces sent in on a rescue mission, engaged armed Palestinians. One 22-year-old Palestinian man was killed with 10 others wounded, one seriously, in the ensuing gun battle.  At least 10 Israeli soldiers were wounded. ](/news/2016/03/1/faulty-readings-from-a-gps-system-apparently-resulted-in-two-israeli-soldiers-driving-into-the-qalandiya-refugee-camp-in-the-occupied-west.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians, West Bank_
3. [Israeli troops and settlers open fire upon Palestinians in the West Bank while they repaired orchards previously attacked by settlers, injuring 8 Palestinians. ](/news/2011/03/8/israeli-troops-and-settlers-open-fire-upon-palestinians-in-the-west-bank-while-they-repaired-orchards-previously-attacked-by-settlers-injur.md) _Context: Israeli settlement, Palestinians, West Bank_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A Palestinian man is shot dead near the Israeli settlement of Netzarim in the Gaza Strip. Israel Defence Force sources claim he was armed. ](/news/2005/07/17/israeliapalestinian-conflict-p-a-palestinian-man-is-shot-dead-near-the-israeli-settlement-of-netzarim-in-the-gaza-strip-israel-defence-f.md) _Context: Israeli settlement, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The Gaza Strip has been completely sealed off by Israel, following yesterday's events which saw the first major attacks by Palestinians on Israeli civilians since Mahmoud Abbas was elected, and followed several Israeli raids in the Gaza Strip and the West Bank. ](/news/2005/01/14/israeliapalestinian-conflict-the-gaza-strip-has-been-completely-sealed-off-by-israel-following-yesterday-s-events-which-saw-the-first-m.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians, West Bank_
6. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
7. [Following last month's manslaughter conviction, Israeli soldier Elor Azaria is sentenced to 18 months in prison by a military court for, during a violent incident, his deadly shooting of the wounded, unarmed, prone Palestinian Abdel Fattah al-Sharif, who had stabbed a soldier last March in Hebron. ](/news/2017/02/21/following-last-month-s-manslaughter-conviction-israeli-soldier-elor-azaria-is-sentenced-to-18-months-in-prison-by-a-military-court-for-dur.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
8. [Israel approves the construction of 2,500 more new settlement homes in the West Bank, the most in years and the second time new homes were approved since Donald Trump was inaugurated as President of the United States. ](/news/2017/01/24/israel-approves-the-construction-of-2-500-more-new-settlement-homes-in-the-west-bank-the-most-in-years-and-the-second-time-new-homes-were-a.md) _Context: Israeli settlement, West Bank_
9. [A rock throwing 19-year old Palestinian is killed by IDF troops amid clashes in the West Bank village of Beit Rima. ](/news/2016/12/18/a-rock-throwing-19-year-old-palestinian-is-killed-by-idf-troops-amid-clashes-in-the-west-bank-village-of-beit-rima.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
10. [A 17-year-old Palestinian stabs and kills a sleeping 13-year-old Israeli and American citizen girl Hallel Yaffa Ariel in her bedroom. The assailant is fatally shot by security guards. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu blamed "incitement-driven terrorists" while the U.S. State Department condemned the "outrageous terrorist attack." ](/news/2016/06/30/a-17-year-old-palestinian-stabs-and-kills-a-sleeping-13-year-old-israeli-and-american-citizen-girl-hallel-yaffa-ariel-in-her-bedroom-the-as.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
