### [2013-02-23](/news/2013/02/23/index.md)

# Six tanks at Hanford Nuclear Reservation in the U.S. state of Washington are leaking radioactive waste, but the leak has not posed an immediate public health risk. 

Six underground tanks holding a mix of radioactive and toxic waste are leaking at America’s most contaminated nuclear site in Washington, federal and state officials say, posing an eventual risk to groundwater and rivers.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/02/22/us-usa-nuclear-leak-idUSBRE91L19G20130222)
2. [AP via CBC News](http://www.cbc.ca/news/world/story/2013/02/22/us-washington-hanford-nuclear-leak.html)
3. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2013/feb/23/radiactive-waste-leak-washington-state)
4. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/us/2013/02/23/6-underground-hanford-nuclear-tanks-leaking-washington-governor-says/)

### Related:

1. [U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron, at the upcoming Nuclear Security Summit in Washington, D.C.,   will announce  a three-way deal with the United States and Euratom, the European Union nuclear agency, to turn nuclear waste into medical isotopes to help fight cancer. ](/news/2016/03/30/u-k-prime-minister-david-cameron-at-the-upcoming-nuclear-security-summit-in-washington-d-c-will-announce-a-three-way-deal-with-the-u.md) _Context: United States, nuclear waste_
2. [The Seattle City Council  unanimously votes  to give Uber, Lyft, and other contract drivers the power to unionize. The Washington city becomes the first in the United States to do so. Seattle Mayor Ed Murray opposes the bill which can still become law without his signature. Court challenges are expected. ](/news/2015/12/14/the-seattle-city-council-unanimously-votes-to-give-uber-lyft-and-other-contract-drivers-the-power-to-unionize-the-washington-city-becom.md) _Context: United States, Washington_
3. [U.S. federal health officials are investigating an outbreak of deadly E. coli bacteria that has sickened 19 people in California, Colorado, Missouri, Montana, Utah, Virginia, and Washington. Preliminary evidence suggests that rotisserie chicken salad made and sold in Costco Wholesale stores is the likely source. This follows a totally unrelated outbreak earlier this month connected to Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants. Those restaurants have been cleaned, new ingredients ordered, and have been reopened. The Costco E. coli 157 strain, which has caused five people to be hospitalized- two of which developed hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS; which can readily lead to acute renal failure and sepsis), is more dangerous than the Chipotle E. coli 026 strain, though there have been no deaths yet. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-federal-health-officials-are-investigating-an-outbreak-of-deadly-e-coli-bacteria-that-has-sickened-19-people-in-california-colorado.md) _Context: United States, Washington_
4. [Xi Jinping begins his first visit to the United States as President of the People's Republic of China, meeting with technology company leaders and representatives in Seattle, Washington. ](/news/2015/09/22/xi-jinping-begins-his-first-visit-to-the-united-states-as-president-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-meeting-with-technology-company-leade.md) _Context: United States, Washington_
5. [Health authorities in the United States say that 53 people in nine states have been sickened in a salmonella outbreak. California is the worst affected state with 31 cases with the other states with cases include Arizona, Illinois, Mississippi, New Mexico, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin. ](/news/2015/05/21/health-authorities-in-the-united-states-say-that-53-people-in-nine-states-have-been-sickened-in-a-salmonella-outbreak-california-is-the-wor.md) _Context: United States, Washington_
6. [Effective midnight, Washington, D.C. joins Alaska, Colorado, and Washington state as the only places in the United States that locally purport to override federal law and allow the use of marijuana for recreational purposes. ](/news/2015/02/26/effective-midnight-washington-d-c-joins-alaska-colorado-and-washington-state-as-the-only-places-in-the-united-states-that-locally-purpo.md) _Context: United States, Washington_
7. [2014 Oso mudslide:A landslide kills two people, and injures six in Oso, Washington, United States. ](/news/2014/03/22/2014-oso-mudslide-pa-landslide-kills-two-people-and-injures-six-in-oso-washington-united-states.md) _Context: United States, Washington_
8. [Five people are killed in a shooting incident at an apartment complex in Federal Way, Washington, south of Seattle, United States. ](/news/2013/04/21/five-people-are-killed-in-a-shooting-incident-at-an-apartment-complex-in-federal-way-washington-south-of-seattle-united-states.md) _Context: United States, Washington_
9. [Authorities believe that a U.S. man suspected of killing his grandparents on March 8 in Renton, Washington, is barricaded in a hotel in Lincoln City, Oregon. ](/news/2013/03/12/authorities-believe-that-a-u-s-man-suspected-of-killing-his-grandparents-on-march-8-in-renton-washington-is-barricaded-in-a-hotel-in-linc.md) _Context: United States, Washington_
10. [An EA-6B Prowler military plane crashes about 50 miles west of Spokane, Washington, United States, and kills three American Navy crew members. ](/news/2013/03/11/an-ea-6b-prowler-military-plane-crashes-about-50-miles-west-of-spokane-washington-united-states-and-kills-three-american-navy-crew-member.md) _Context: United States, Washington_
