### [2003-12-12](/news/2003/12/12/index.md)

# A European Union defence policy is agreed upon by Britain, France and Germany at the beginning of an EU summit in Brussels where the member countries will discuss a forthcoming constitution for the EU. Defence policy: 




### Related:

1. [Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-berlin-to-discuss-the-consequences-of-the-united-kin.md) _Context: European Union, France, German, United Kingdom_
2. [Iran, the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, People's Republic of China, Germany, and the European Union (the P5+1) reach a breakthrough agreement on the general framework for an agreement on Iran's nuclear program, but sign no verbal agreement or official document. The deadline for a full deal is June 30, 2015. ](/news/2015/04/2/iran-the-united-states-the-united-kingdom-france-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-germany-and-the-european-union-the-p5-1-reach-a.md) _Context: European Union, France, German, United Kingdom_
3. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: France, German, United Kingdom_
4. [The European Parliament adopts a resolution calling for the introduction of an arms embargo against Saudi Arabia, saying the United Kingdom, France and other EU governments should no longer sell weapons to a country accused of targeting civilians in Yemen. ](/news/2016/02/25/the-european-parliament-adopts-a-resolution-calling-for-the-introduction-of-an-arms-embargo-against-saudi-arabia-saying-the-united-kingdom.md) _Context: European Union, France, United Kingdom_
5. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of  talks  over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan,  the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saud.md) _Context: France, German, United Kingdom_
6. [British Prime Minister David Cameron travels to Berlin to discuss his demands for sweeping reform of the European Union with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. ](/news/2013/04/12/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-travels-to-berlin-to-discuss-his-demands-for-sweeping-reform-of-the-european-union-with-german-chancell.md) _Context: European Union, German, United Kingdom_
7. [Representatives of six major world powers - China, France, Germany, United Kingdom, Russia and the United States - meet with Iranian officials to discuss the nation's nuclear program. ](/news/2013/02/26/representatives-of-six-major-world-powers-a-china-france-germany-united-kingdom-russia-and-the-united-states-a-meet-with-iranian-off.md) _Context: France, German, United Kingdom_
8. [France and Germany follow the United States and United Kingdom in withdrawing civilian staff from Afghan government facilities following the killing of two senior NATO officers. ](/news/2012/02/26/france-and-germany-follow-the-united-states-and-united-kingdom-in-withdrawing-civilian-staff-from-afghan-government-facilities-following-the.md) _Context: France, German, United Kingdom_
9. [Moody's Investors Service downgrades the credit ratings of several European Union members including Italy, Malta, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia and Spain and issues a negative outlook for the ratings of Austria, France and the United Kingdom. ](/news/2012/02/13/moody-s-investors-service-downgrades-the-credit-ratings-of-several-european-union-members-including-italy-malta-portugal-slovakia-sloven.md) _Context: European Union, France, United Kingdom_
10. [Four European nations (the United Kingdom, France, Germany and Portugal) circulate a draft United Nations Security Council resolution condemning the Government of Syria for its recent crackdown on protesters. ](/news/2011/08/2/four-european-nations-the-united-kingdom-france-germany-and-portugal-circulate-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-condem.md) _Context: France, German, United Kingdom_
