### [2003-12-12](/news/2003/12/12/index.md)

#  A plot by militants linked to Al Qaeda to blow up the United Kingdom embassy in Yemen is foiled. [http://www.reuters.co.uk/newsPackageArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=421471&section=news]




### Related:

1. [The United States and United Kingdom close their embassies in Yemen, citing threats from Al-Qaeda. ](/news/2010/01/3/the-united-states-and-united-kingdom-close-their-embassies-in-yemen-citing-threats-from-al-qaeda.md) _Context: Britain, Yemen, al-Qaeda_
2. [Yemeni Crisis. The United States and the United Kingdom call for, "within hours," an immediate and unconditional ceasefire in Yemen to end the violence following last week's Saudi airstrikes, based on bad information, that killed around 140 people. ](/news/2016/10/16/yemeni-crisis-the-united-states-and-the-united-kingdom-call-for-within-hours-an-immediate-and-unconditional-ceasefire-in-yemen-to-end-t.md) _Context: Britain, Yemen_
3. [Yemeni Crisis (2011-present). Al Qaeda militants kill at least 13 Yemeni government troops near the city of Mukalla. ](/news/2016/05/12/yemeni-crisis-2011-present-al-qaeda-militants-kill-at-least-13-yemeni-government-troops-near-the-city-of-mukalla.md) _Context: Yemen, al-Qaeda_
4. [Foreign relations of Saudi Arabia. Yemeni Civil War (2015-present). The European Parliament adopts a resolution calling for the introduction of an arms embargo against Saudi Arabia, saying the United Kingdom, France and other EU governments should no longer sell weapons to a country accused of targeting civilians in Yemen. ](/news/2016/02/25/foreign-relations-of-saudi-arabia-yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-the-european-parliament-adopts-a-resolution-calling-for-the-introducti.md) _Context: Britain, Yemen_
5. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present). Yemen's top salafist cleric, Samahan Abdel-Aziz, is found dead, with signs of torture, in Sheikh Othman, Aden Governorate, after being abducted by gunmen outside his mosque after delivering a sermon against Al-Qaeda and the Islamic State. ](/news/2016/01/31/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-yemen-s-top-salafist-cleric-samahan-abdel-aziz-is-found-dead-with-signs-of-torture-in-sheikh-othman.md) _Context: Yemen, al-Qaeda_
6. [Yemeni Civil War (2015), Al-Qaeda insurgency in Yemen. Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen. A drone strike kills four suspected Al-Qaeda militants in northern Yemen. ](/news/2015/09/12/yemeni-civil-war-2015-al-qaeda-insurgency-in-yemen-saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-a-drone-strike-kills-four-suspected-al-qaeda.md) _Context: Yemen, al-Qaeda_
7. [al-Qaeda insurgency in Yemen. Some 1,200 people escape from a Yemeni prison including al Qaeda members. ](/news/2015/06/30/al-qaeda-insurgency-in-yemen-some-1-200-people-escape-from-a-yemeni-prison-including-al-qaeda-members.md) _Context: Yemen, al-Qaeda_
8. [Yemeni Civil War. Fighters from the Al-Qaeda affiliated Ansar al-Sharia take control of an army base in southern Yemen. ](/news/2015/02/12/yemeni-civil-war-fighters-from-the-al-qaeda-affiliated-ansar-al-sharia-take-control-of-an-army-base-in-southern-yemen.md) _Context: Yemen, al-Qaeda_
9. [Yemeni Crisis (2011-present). The United States, United Kingdom, and France close their Yemeni embassies and evacuate their staff due to terrorist activities and continued unrest. ](/news/2015/02/11/yemeni-crisis-2011-present-the-united-states-united-kingdom-and-france-close-their-yemeni-embassies-and-evacuate-their-staff-due-to-t.md) _Context: Britain, Yemen_
10. [Shia insurgency in Yemen. Shiite Houthi rebels seize a Yemeni military base south of the capital, Sana'a, where U.S. military advisers once trained Yemeni counterterrorism forces to fight Al-Qaeda in the south of the country. Forces loyal to former President Ali Abdullah Saleh had manned the captured base. ](/news/2015/01/29/shia-insurgency-in-yemen-shiite-houthi-rebels-seize-a-yemeni-military-base-south-of-the-capital-sana-a-where-u-s-military-advisers-once.md) _Context: Yemen, al-Qaeda_
