### [2003-12-12](/news/2003/12/12/index.md)

# Paul Martin, Jr. is appointed Canada's 21st Prime Minister, and takes his oath of office along with his cabinet. Notable Ministers include Deputy Prime Minister Anne McLellan in Domestic Security, Ralph Goodale in Finance, Pierre Pettigrew in Health and Intergovernmental Affairs, Lucienne Robillard in Industry, Irwin Cotler in Justice, Bill Graham in Foreign Affairs and David Pratt in Defence. [http://www.cbc.ca/stories/2003/12/12/martin_cab031212]




### Related:

1. [ Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper's new Cabinet is sworn in after the October 14 federal election. ](/news/2008/10/30/canadian-prime-minister-stephen-harper-s-new-cabinet-is-sworn-in-after-the-october-14-federal-election.md) _Context: Canada, Canadian Prime Minister, new Cabinet_
2. [ Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper shuffles his cabinet. Among the changes, embattled defence minister Gordon O'Connor and heritage minister Bev Oda are moved to National Revenue and International Cooperation and replaced by Peter Mackay and Josee Verner, respectively. ](/news/2007/08/14/canadian-prime-minister-stephen-harper-shuffles-his-cabinet-among-the-changes-embattled-defence-minister-gordon-o-connor-and-heritage-min.md) _Context: Canada, Canadian Prime Minister, new Cabinet_
3. [ John Manley, Deputy Prime Minister of Canada, announces he will not take a position in the new cabinet of leadership rival Paul Martin that will take office on December 12, and will not run again in his riding of Ottawa South in the forthcoming federal election. Martin praises Manley's past accomplishments and takes the unusual step of publicly offering Manley the posting of Ambassador to the U.S.](/news/2003/11/28/john-manley-deputy-prime-minister-of-canada-announces-he-will-not-take-a-position-in-the-new-cabinet-of-leadership-rival-paul-martin-that.md) _Context: Deputy Prime Minister, Paul Martin, Jr., new Cabinet_
4. [ John Manley, Deputy Prime Minister of Canada, drops out of the race to succeed Jean Chrtien as leader of the Liberal Party of Canada and Prime Minister after conceding he cannot catch front-runner Paul Martin, Jr..](/news/2003/07/22/john-manley-deputy-prime-minister-of-canada-drops-out-of-the-race-to-succeed-jean-chretien-as-leader-of-the-liberal-party-of-canada-and-p.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Deputy Prime Minister, Paul Martin, Jr._
5. [Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau says his government has "compelling reason to believe" that Robert Hall, who was held hostage in the Philippines, has been killed by his captors, presumably the same Abu Sayyaf militants who beheaded another Canadian, John Ridsdel, on 25 April 2016. ](/news/2016/06/13/canadian-prime-minister-justin-trudeau-says-his-government-has-compelling-reason-to-believe-that-robert-hall-who-was-held-hostage-in-the.md) _Context: Canada, Canadian Prime Minister_
6. [Canada's Minister of Health Jane Philpott says federal legislation to legalize marijuana will be introduced in spring of 2017. ](/news/2016/04/20/canada-s-minister-of-health-jane-philpott-says-federal-legislation-to-legalize-marijuana-will-be-introduced-in-spring-of-2017.md) _Context: Canada, Minister of Health_
7. [John Baird resigns as the Canadian Minister of Foreign Affairs. ](/news/2015/02/3/john-baird-resigns-as-the-canadian-minister-of-foreign-affairs.md) _Context: Canada, Minister of Foreign Affairs_
8. [Canadian Minister of Finance Jim Flaherty resigns, planning a return to the private sector. Joe Oliver is named to replace him. ](/news/2014/03/19/canadian-minister-of-finance-jim-flaherty-resigns-planning-a-return-to-the-private-sector-joe-oliver-is-named-to-replace-him.md) _Context: Canada, Finance Minister_
9. [Justin Trudeau, son of former Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau, is chosen as the new leader of the Liberal Party of Canada. ](/news/2013/04/14/justin-trudeau-son-of-former-canadian-prime-minister-pierre-trudeau-is-chosen-as-the-new-leader-of-the-liberal-party-of-canada.md) _Context: Canada, Canadian Prime Minister_
10. [Canada closes its embassy in Iran and orders all Iranian diplomatic staff out of Canada, citing Iran's support for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, Iran's "among the worst" human rights record, its lack of respect for the Vienna conventions, its nuclear program and the security of Canadian diplomatic personnel. It sees Iran as the world's "most significant threat to global peace and security." Minister of foreign affairs Baird says the Canadian government files Iran as a "state sponsor of terrorism" under the Canadian ](/news/2012/09/7/canada-closes-its-embassy-in-iran-and-orders-all-iranian-diplomatic-staff-out-of-canada-citing-iran-s-support-for-syrian-president-bashar-a.md) _Context: Canada, Minister of Foreign Affairs_
