### [2004-01-19](/news/2004/01/19/index.md)

#  Cargo ship MS "Rocknes" with a crew of 30 including the pilot capsizes near Bergen, Norway at 1630 local time (1530 UTC). Two people are reported dead and 24 still missing the morning after the accident. The ship was carrying a heavy load of rocks for use as shielding on top of a gas pipeline to Emden, Germany, from the Norwegian Ormen Lange offshore gas field.




### Related:

1. [Authorities add a leap second on December 31 to bring UTC more inline with mean solar time. ](/news/2016/12/31/authorities-add-a-leap-second-on-december-31-to-bring-utc-more-inline-with-mean-solar-time.md) _Context: UTC_
2. [The last transit of Venus of the 21st century begins at 22:09 UTC on June 5, and ends at 04:49 UTC on June 6. ](/news/2012/06/5/the-last-transit-of-venus-of-the-21st-century-begins-at-22-09-utc-on-june-5-and-ends-at-04-49-utc-on-june-6.md) _Context: UTC_
3. [A SpaceX Dragon becomes the first commercial spacecraft ever to dock with the International Space Station, completing docking at 12:02 pm EDT (16:02 UTC). ](/news/2012/05/25/a-spacex-dragon-becomes-the-first-commercial-spacecraft-ever-to-dock-with-the-international-space-station-completing-docking-at-12-02-pm-ed.md) _Context: UTC_
4. [ Saddam Hussein is executed, by hanging, at approximately 06:00 local time (03:00 UTC). ](/news/2006/12/30/saddam-hussein-is-executed-by-hanging-at-approximately-06-00-local-time-03-00-utc.md) _Context: UTC_
5. [ An earthquake measuring 8.1 on the Richter scale occurs at 11:14:19 UTC on the Pacific Ocean seafloor with an epicentre 390 kilometres (244 miles) east of Etorofu island (latitude 46.7 North, longitude 153.5 East). Tsunami warnings and watches are issued by the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center and the East Coast and Alaska Tsunami Warning Center. After expectations of a tsunami at least 2 metres (6 feet) high, the largest wave to hit Hokkaido measures only 40 centimetres (16 inches).](/news/2006/11/15/an-earthquake-measuring-8-1-on-the-richter-scale-occurs-at-11-14-19-utc-on-the-pacific-ocean-seafloor-with-an-epicentre-390-kilometres-244.md) _Context: UTC_
6. [ Category 2 Hurricane John makes landfall near the tip of Baja California at around 7 p.m. PDT (0200 UTC September 2). ](/news/2006/09/1/category-2-hurricane-john-makes-landfall-near-the-tip-of-baja-california-at-around-7-p-m-pdt-0200-utc-september-2.md) _Context: UTC_
7. [ At 10 o'clock UTC NASA's Pluto probe "New Horizons" crossed the orbit of Mars, after 78 days journey. This is a new Earth-to-Mars-distance flight record.](/news/2006/04/7/at-10-o-clock-utc-nasa-s-pluto-probe-new-horizons-crossed-the-orbit-of-mars-after-78-days-journey-this-is-a-new-earth-to-mars-distance.md) _Context: UTC_
8. [ At 4 o'clock UTC NASA's Pluto probe "New Horizons" crossed the orbit of the Moon, eight hours and thirty-five minutes after launch. This is a new Earth-to-Moon-distance flight record.](/news/2006/01/20/at-4-o-clock-utc-nasa-s-pluto-probe-new-horizons-crossed-the-orbit-of-the-moon-eight-hours-and-thirty-five-minutes-after-launch-this-is.md) _Context: UTC_
9. [ The December solstice, occurring at 18:35 UTC, is observed around the world in both astronomical and spiritual terms; this day has the least hours of sunlight and the longest night of the year in the Northern Hemisphere (winter solstice), and vice versa in the Southern Hemisphere (summer solstice). ](/news/2005/12/21/the-december-solstice-occurring-at-18-35-utc-is-observed-around-the-world-in-both-astronomical-and-spiritual-terms-this-day-has-the-leas.md) _Context: UTC_
10. [ Hurricane Rita makes landfall as a Category 3 hurricane on the Texas - Louisiana border at 2:38 a.m. CDT . The storm was downgraded within four hours to Category 2. As of 10 p.m. CDT (0300 UTC, September 25), the center of Tropical Depression Rita was located on land 40 miles (65 km) north of Shreveport, Louisiana. Rita was moving north at 10 mph (16 km/h) with maximum sustained winds of 35 mph (55 km/h) ([http://www.cnn.com/2005/WEATHER/09/24/rita/ CNN])](/news/2005/09/24/hurricane-rita-makes-landfall-as-a-category-3-hurricane-on-the-texas-louisiana-border-at-2-38-a-m-cdt-the-storm-was-downgraded-within.md) _Context: UTC_
