### [2004-01-19](/news/2004/01/19/index.md)

#  "Snow White and The Madness of Truth" displayed at a Stockholm museum is again vandalized. A Russian-Jewish artist floats another image in the pool, that of Mijailo Mijailovic, the murderer of Swedish foreign minister Anna Lindh.




### Related:

1. [ Self-confessed killer of Swedish FM Anna Lindh, 25-year-old Mijailo Mijailovic, says during cross-examination in a Stockholm court that he heard voices in his head commanding him to attack Lindh when he encountered her in a Stockholm shopping mall 10 September last year. Lindh died the next day from the many stab wounds she received.](/news/2004/01/14/self-confessed-killer-of-swedish-fm-anna-lindh-25-year-old-mijailo-mijailovic-says-during-cross-examination-in-a-stockholm-court-that-he.md) _Context: Anna Lindh, Mijailo Mijailovic, Stockholm_
2. [ Mijailo Mijailovic is sentenced to life imprisonment for the equivalent of First-degree murder, found guilty of assassination of Sweden's Foreign Minister Anna Lindh, September 10, 2003.](/news/2004/03/22/mijailo-mijailovic-is-sentenced-to-life-imprisonment-for-the-equivalent-of-first-degree-murder-found-guilty-of-assassination-of-sweden-s-f.md) _Context: Anna Lindh, Mijailo Mijailovic_
3. [ The man charged for the murder of Sweden's FM Anna Lindh on September 10, Mijailo Mijailovic, through his defence lawyer requests an interrogation to give critical details on the stabbing. Seemingly Mijailovic thereby confesses the assault.](/news/2004/01/6/the-man-charged-for-the-murder-of-sweden-s-fm-anna-lindh-on-september-10-mijailo-mijailovic-through-his-defence-lawyer-requests-an-interr.md) _Context: Anna Lindh, Mijailo Mijailovic_
4. [ Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon praises the Israeli ambassador to Sweden, Zvi Mazel, for vandalising the artwork entitled "Snow White and The Madness of Truth" displayed at a Stockholm museum. The piece, created by an Israeli-born composer/musician, consists of a white float carrying a picture of a Palestinian suicide bomber in a pool of blood-coloured water. Mazel was caught on surveillance video disconnecting the electric power from the display and throwing a lamp into the water. Mazel says, "This exhibit was the culmination of dozens of anti-Israel and anti-Jewish events in Sweden."](/news/2004/01/18/israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-praises-the-israeli-ambassador-to-sweden-zvi-mazel-for-vandalising-the-artwork-entitled-snow-white-a.md) _Context: Snow White and The Madness of Truth, Stockholm_
5. [ Swedish Foreign Minister Anna Lindh dies in the hospital from stab wounds inflicted while she was shopping in a department store in the centre of Stockholm. In the wake of the incident, both the Yes and No Euro campaigns suspended their activities.](/news/2003/09/11/swedish-foreign-minister-anna-lindh-dies-in-the-hospital-from-stab-wounds-inflicted-while-she-was-shopping-in-a-department-store-in-the-cen.md) _Context: Anna Lindh, Stockholm_
6. [A vehicle is driven into a group of people on a street in Stockholm, Sweden, killing four people. ](/news/2017/04/7/a-vehicle-is-driven-into-a-group-of-people-on-a-street-in-stockholm-sweden-killing-four-people.md) _Context: Stockholm_
7. [The Swedish Academy announces that American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan has agreed to accept his Nobel Prize in Literature this weekend at a private location in Stockholm. ](/news/2017/03/29/the-swedish-academy-announces-that-american-singer-songwriter-bob-dylan-has-agreed-to-accept-his-nobel-prize-in-literature-this-weekend-at-a.md) _Context: Stockholm_
8. [After Swedish police arrest a suspect on drug-related charges, rioting occurs in Rinkeby, a suburb of the Swedish capital Stockholm. ](/news/2017/02/21/after-swedish-police-arrest-a-suspect-on-drug-related-charges-rioting-occurs-in-rinkeby-a-suburb-of-the-swedish-capital-stockholm.md) _Context: Stockholm_
9. [Ukraine's Jamala, performing the song "1944", wins the 2016 Eurovision Song Contest in Stockholm, Sweden. ](/news/2016/05/14/ukraine-s-jamala-performing-the-song-1944-wins-the-2016-eurovision-song-contest-in-stockholm-sweden.md) _Context: Stockholm_
10. [Romania is expelled from this year's Eurovision Song Contest in Stockholm, Sweden, after its national broadcaster, Romanian Television (TVR) failed to pay outstanding debts dating back to 2007. Ovidiu Anton was due to perform the song "Moment of Silence" at the contest. ](/news/2016/04/22/romania-is-expelled-from-this-year-s-eurovision-song-contest-in-stockholm-sweden-after-its-national-broadcaster-romanian-television-tvr.md) _Context: Stockholm_
