### [2014-10-17](/news/2014/10/17/index.md)

# Vladimir Putin, the President of Russia, and Petro Poroshenko, the President of Ukraine, will meet at the sidelines of the Asia-Europe Meeting in Milan, Italy to discuss the conflict and supplies of natural gas. 

The most anticipated meeting of the Asia-Europe summit (ASEM) in Milan will take place on Friday when Russian President Vladimir Putin and Ukrainian


### Source:

1. [Euronews](http://www.euronews.com/2014/10/16/putin-and-poroshenko-to-discuss-gas-and-ceasefire-in-milan/)

### Related:

1. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:The President of Russia Vladimir Putin meets with the President of Ukraine Petro Poroshenko in Minsk, Belarus, as disputes in eastern Ukraine continue. ](/news/2014/08/26/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-pthe-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-meets-with-the-president-of-ukraine-petro-poroshenko-in-minsk-be.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Petro Poroshenko, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Ukrainian President, Vladimir Putin_
2. [President of Russia Vladimir Putin warns in a letter to his Ukrainian counterpart Petro Poroshenko that Moscow will restrict Ukraine's access to Russian markets if Kiev implements any part of a trade agreement with the European Union. ](/news/2014/09/23/president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-warns-in-a-letter-to-his-ukrainian-counterpart-petro-poroshenko-that-moscow-will-restrict-ukraine-s-acces.md) _Context: Petro Poroshenko, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Ukrainian President, Vladimir Putin_
3. [2014 pro-Russian conflict in Ukraine:Russian President Vladimir Putin and Ukrainian President-elect Petro Poroshenko call for a quick and peaceful end to the violence in eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2014/06/6/2014-pro-russian-conflict-in-ukraine-prussian-president-vladimir-putin-and-ukrainian-president-elect-petro-poroshenko-call-for-a-quick-and-p.md) _Context: Petro Poroshenko, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
4. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:Russian President Vladimir Putin announces that he will respect the outcome of Ukraine's presidential election.  ](/news/2014/05/23/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-prussian-president-vladimir-putin-announces-that-he-will-respect-the-outcome-of-ukraine-s-presidential-el.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
5. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:Russia's President Vladimir Putin says he ordered troops in the Rostov, Belgorod and Bryansk regions to withdraw and return to their permanent bases.  ](/news/2014/05/19/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-prussia-s-president-vladimir-putin-says-he-ordered-troops-in-the-rostov-belgorod-and-bryansk-regions-to.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
6. [Euromaidan:President of Ukraine Viktor Yanukovych meets Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow amid mass protests against the relationship between the two. ](/news/2013/12/17/euromaidan-ppresident-of-ukraine-viktor-yanukovych-meets-russian-president-vladimir-putin-in-moscow-amid-mass-protests-against-the-relations.md) _Context: Russian President Vladimir Putin, Ukrainian President, Vladimir Putin_
7. [Leaders from the Group of Twenty come together at the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, including United States President Donald Trump who is set to meet with President of Russia Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2017/07/7/leaders-from-the-group-of-twenty-come-together-at-the-g20-summit-in-hamburg-germany-including-united-states-president-donald-trump-who-is.md) _Context: Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
8. [Russian President Vladimir Putin appoints Vasily Nebenzya to be the new Permanent Representative of Russia to the United Nations following the sudden death of Vitaly Churkin in February. ](/news/2017/07/27/russian-president-vladimir-putin-appoints-vasily-nebenzya-to-be-the-new-permanent-representative-of-russia-to-the-united-nations-following-t.md) _Context: Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
9. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, who later had to cut short his visit to Moscow because of terrorist attacks on the Philippine southern island of Mindanao, tells Russia President Vladimir Putin that the Philippines is looking to Russia for modern arms to fight ISIL. ](/news/2017/05/22/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-who-later-had-to-cut-short-his-visit-to-moscow-because-of-terrorist-attacks-on-the-philippine-southern.md) _Context: Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
10. [When Russian President Vladimir Putin, during the January telephone conversation with President Donald Trump,  raised the possibility of extending the 2010  New START treaty that caps U.S. and Russian deployment of nuclear warheads, President Trump    declined, stating that this treaty  is a bad deal for the United States. ](/news/2017/02/9/when-russian-president-vladimir-putin-during-the-january-telephone-conversation-with-president-donald-trump-raised-the-possibility-of-ext.md) _Context: Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
