### [2010-12-28](/news/2010/12/28/index.md)

# A fire in a New Orleans warehouse kills eight people and two dogs, most of them homeless artists and musicians.




### Related:

1. [The statue of Confederate President Jefferson Davis in New Orleans is removed. ](/news/2017/05/11/the-statue-of-confederate-president-jefferson-davis-in-new-orleans-is-removed.md) _Context: New Orleans_
2. [Multiple tornadoes tear through New Orleans, Baton Rouge, and other parts of  southeastern Louisiana, injuring at least 20 people; no deaths have been reported. The severe weather also delivers heavy rain and hail in Mississippi and Alabama.  ](/news/2017/02/7/multiple-tornadoes-tear-through-new-orleans-baton-rouge-and-other-parts-of-southeastern-louisiana-injuring-at-least-20-people-no-deaths.md) _Context: New Orleans_
3. [ A man is killed and two wounded in a triple shooting in Algiers neighborhood of New Orleans ](/news/2016/12/11/a-man-is-killed-and-two-wounded-in-a-triple-shooting-in-algiers-neighborhood-of-new-orleans.md) _Context: New Orleans_
4. [One person is killed, and nine others wounded in a mass shooting in the French Quarter section of New Orleans, following the Bayou Classic football game. Police arrest two men, one of whom was injured during the shooting. ](/news/2016/11/27/one-person-is-killed-and-nine-others-wounded-in-a-mass-shooting-in-the-french-quarter-section-of-new-orleans-following-the-bayou-classic-f.md) _Context: New Orleans_
5. [A bus carrying volunteers crashes into emergency vehicles responding to an earlier accident near New Orleans killing two, including the St. John the Baptist Fire District Chief, and injuring  43 more. ](/news/2016/08/28/a-bus-carrying-volunteers-crashes-into-emergency-vehicles-responding-to-an-earlier-accident-near-new-orleans-killing-two-including-the-st.md) _Context: New Orleans_
6. [In the United States, New York Governor Andrew M. Cuomo orders communities statewide to place homeless people in shelters when temperatures reach freezing. ](/news/2016/01/3/in-the-united-states-new-york-governor-andrew-m-cuomo-orders-communities-statewide-to-place-homeless-people-in-shelters-when-temperatures.md) _Context: homeless people_
7. [The U.S. Court of Appeals in New Orleans, Louisiana, in a 2-1 decision, upholds a lower court's injunction that blocks implementation of an Executive order to shield from deportation millions of undocumented immigrants  who entered the United States  as children. The White House is considering an appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court. ](/news/2015/11/9/the-u-s-court-of-appeals-in-new-orleans-louisiana-in-a-2-1-decision-upholds-a-lower-courtas-injunction-that-blocks-implementation-of-a.md) _Context: New Orleans_
8. [Sixteen (16) people are wounded in a gunfight between two groups that erupted in a New Orleans park's Bunny Friend playground where hundreds of people gathered for a block party and filming of a music video. No fatalities were reported. The fighters ran from the park immediately after the shooting. ](/news/2015/11/22/sixteen-16-people-are-wounded-in-a-gunfight-between-two-groups-that-erupted-in-a-new-orleans-park-s-bunny-friend-playground-where-hundreds.md) _Context: New Orleans_
9. [Hawaii Governor David Ige declares a state of emergency to address homelessness as the state has seen an alarming increase in unsheltered individuals and families over the past two years, particularly on O'ahu. Hawaii has the  highest per capita rate of homelessness among the 50 states at about 465 people per 100,000 citizens. This act "frees up" money for this problem. ](/news/2015/10/16/hawaii-governor-david-ige-declares-a-state-of-emergency-to-address-homelessness-as-the-state-has-seen-an-alarming-increase-in-unsheltered-in.md) _Context: homeless people_
10. [Although he is currently still being held in New Orleans, Louisiana, Los Angeles prosecutors formally charge Robert Durst with the murder of his former friend Susan Berman covered in the HBO  documentary miniseries ''The Jinx''. ](/news/2015/03/16/although-he-is-currently-still-being-held-in-new-orleans-louisiana-los-angeles-prosecutors-formally-charge-robert-durst-with-the-murder-of.md) _Context: New Orleans_
