### [2015-12-17](/news/2015/12/17/index.md)

# American-led intervention in Iraq (2014-present). American-led airstrikes kill at least 180 Islamic State fighters while local Kurdish forces repel an assault by 300 heavily armed militants in northern Iraq. 

At least 180 Islamist militants were killed in U.S. and allied airstrikes to support Kurdish forces.


### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/islamic-state-offensive-in-northern-iraq-although-repelled-shows-groups-resilience/2015/12/17/752f207c-a4ec-11e5-b53d-972e2751f433_story.html?wpmm=1&wpisrc=nl_headlines)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). During a visit to Baghdad, U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter announces that the United States will be sending more troops to the country to help in the fight against ISIL. The U.S. also plans to give Kurdish Peshmerga forces, which are fighting ISIL on the ground, more than $400m (GBP280m; -350m) in assistance. ](/news/2016/04/18/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-during-a-visit-to-baghdad-u-s-defense-secretary-ash-carter-announces-that-the-united-states-will-be-send.md) _Context: Iraqi Kurdistan, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, United States_
2. [American-led intervention in Iraq (2014-present). A United States Department of Defense official says a U.S. soldier was killed in the town of Makhmur, Erbil Governorate, by a rocket fired by ISIL. "It was a lucky strike by ISIS," according to the official. ](/news/2016/03/19/american-led-intervention-in-iraq-2014-present-a-united-states-department-of-defense-official-says-a-u-s-soldier-was-killed-in-the-tow.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, U.S. airstrikes, United States_
3. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). American-led intervention in Iraq (2014-present). The United States Army's elite Delta Force captures their first suspected ISIL operative during a raid in northern Iraq. The detainee is being interrogated by the U.S. and is expected to be turned over to Iraqi officials in the coming days. ](/news/2016/03/1/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-american-led-intervention-in-iraq-2014-present-the-united-states-army-s-elite-delta-force-captures-th.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, U.S. airstrikes, United States_
4. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). November 2015 Sinjar offensive. Kurdish Peshmerga forces backed by U.S. airstrikes seize control of Sinjar in northern Iraq. Sinjar has been under Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant occupation since August 2014. ](/news/2015/11/13/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-november-2015-sinjar-offensive-kurdish-peshmerga-forces-backed-by-u-s-airstrikes-seize-control-of-sinjar.md) _Context: Iraqi Kurdistan, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, United States_
5. [Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. American-led intervention in Iraq (2014-present). A joint early-morning raid conducted by Iraqi and US forces on an IS-run prison in Hawija, Kirkuk Province has freed 70 hostages. One U.S. Delta Force soldier was reported killed - the first American combat death since the start of the US-led intervention against IS. ](/news/2015/10/22/islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-american-led-intervention-in-iraq-2014-present-a-joint-early-morning-raid-conducted-by-iraqi-and.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, U.S. airstrikes, United States_
6. [Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. American-led intervention in Iraq (2014-present). ISIL confirms that U.S. forces killed its number two leader, Abu Mutaz al-Qurashi, in an airstrike near Mosul back in August. ](/news/2015/10/14/islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-american-led-intervention-in-iraq-2014-present-isil-confirms-that-u-s-forces-killed-its-number-t.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, U.S. airstrikes, United States_
7. [Syrian Civil War. The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) take control of the Baath Dam on the Euphrates, near the ISIL stronghold of Raqqa, and upon doing so, rename it "Freedom Dam". ](/news/2017/06/4/syrian-civil-war-the-u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-take-control-of-the-baath-dam-on-the-euphrates-near-the-isil-stronghold-of.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, United States_
8. [The Obama Administration and Bush Administration had failed to publicly disclose up to thousands of lethal airstrikes the U.S. made in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria against ISIL, Al-Qaeda, and the Taliban via U.S. Army helicopters and drones. ](/news/2017/02/5/the-obama-administration-and-bush-administration-had-failed-to-publicly-disclose-up-to-thousands-of-lethal-airstrikes-the-u-s-made-in-afgha.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, airstrike_
9. [Syrian Civil War. American-led intervention in Syria. At least 47 ISIL militants have been killed by Turkish and U.S.-led bombing raids by fighter jets on the town of al-Bab in the last 24 hours, with the Turkish Armed Forces attacking 135 other ISIL targets in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/02/3/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-at-least-47-isil-militants-have-been-killed-by-turkish-and-u-s-led-bombing-raids-by-f.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, United States_
10. [Iraqi Civil War. Battle of Mosul. Iraq Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi says U.S.-backed Iraqi forces have launched an operation to regain control of western Mosul from ISIL militants. The United Nations says humanitarian agencies are setting up in these older sections of the city where, already, food and fuel supplies are dwindling, running water is scarce, and electricity in many neighborhoods is unreliable for the estimated 800,000 civilians. ](/news/2017/02/19/iraqi-civil-war-battle-of-mosul-iraq-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-says-u-s-backed-iraqi-forces-have-launched-an-operation-to-regain-con.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, United States_
