### [2015-12-17](/news/2015/12/17/index.md)

# European migrant crisis. Riots break out in the western Dutch town of Geldermalsen over plans to establish a centre for asylum seekers in the town. Local police say they made several arrests. Including this year's arrivals, the Dutch government said in November it expected to receive 58,000 asylum seekers by the end of 2016. 

A meeting in a Dutch down discussing plans to build a centre to house asylum seekers is abandoned after protesters riot.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-35118496)

### Related:

1. [European migrant crisis. Germany announces plans to start deporting newly-arrived migrants to Greece starting in March. According to EU's Dublin Regulation, asylum seekers must file for asylum in the member state they arrived in. ](/news/2017/01/12/european-migrant-crisis-germany-announces-plans-to-start-deporting-newly-arrived-migrants-to-greece-starting-in-march-according-to-eu-s-du.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, asylum seeker_
2. [European migrant crisis. Germany's refugee crisis coordinator Peter Altmaier says, in an interview with German magazine "Focus", that he and Austrian special minister Josef Ostermayer are working on a proposal for a common European asylum law. He added other countries such as France and The Netherlands would be approached soon. ](/news/2015/12/19/european-migrant-crisis-germany-s-refugee-crisis-coordinator-peter-altmaier-says-in-an-interview-with-german-magazine-focus-that-he-and.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Netherlands_
3. [European migrant crisis. European Union ministers meet in Brussels and reach agreement on a plan to distribute asylum seekers. ](/news/2015/09/22/european-migrant-crisis-european-union-ministers-meet-in-brussels-and-reach-agreement-on-a-plan-to-distribute-asylum-seekers.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, asylum seeker_
4. [European migrant crisis. Approximately fifty migrants are feared drowned off the coast of Morocco. Three men were rescued near Alboran Island near the coast of Spain. ](/news/2017/07/4/european-migrant-crisis-approximately-fifty-migrants-are-feared-drowned-off-the-coast-of-morocco-three-men-were-rescued-near-alboran-islan.md) _Context: European migrant crisis_
5. [Aftermath of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17. In Vijfhuizen, the Netherlands, exactly three years after the Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 (MH17) disaster, the National Memorial for the victims is opened in the presence of King Willem-Alexander, Queen Maxima and Prime Minister Mark Rutte. ](/news/2017/07/17/aftermath-of-malaysia-airlines-flight-17-in-vijfhuizen-the-netherlands-exactly-three-years-after-the-malaysia-airlines-flight-17-mh17-d.md) _Context: Netherlands_
6. [Aftermath of the Bosnian War and Bosnian genocide. An appeals court in The Hague rules that Netherlands is partly to blame for the deaths of some 350 Muslim Bosnian men in the 1995 Srebrenica genocide and, in a move considered landmark, orders it to pay limited damages. ](/news/2017/06/27/aftermath-of-the-bosnian-war-and-bosnian-genocide-an-appeals-court-in-the-hague-rules-that-netherlands-is-partly-to-blame-for-the-deaths-of.md) _Context: Netherlands_
7. [Road incidents in the Netherlands. Eight people are injured, two seriously, when a car drives into several people in front of the Amsterdam Centraal station in the Netherlands. Police say the driver may have taken ill; they are not treating this as terrorism-related. ](/news/2017/06/10/road-incidents-in-the-netherlands-eight-people-are-injured-two-seriously-when-a-car-drives-into-several-people-in-front-of-the-amsterdam.md) _Context: Netherlands_
8. [European migrant crisis. The Italian Coast Guard reports that at least 20 migrants are killed when their 500-passenger boat capsizes in the Mediterranean Sea off Libya's coast. About 1,700 people have been rescued in 15 operations since Tuesday. ](/news/2017/05/24/european-migrant-crisis-the-italian-coast-guard-reports-that-at-least-20-migrants-are-killed-when-their-500-passenger-boat-capsizes-in-the.md) _Context: European migrant crisis_
9. [A judge in Alkmaar, the Netherlands, grants a 12-year-old boy the right to decide for himself on whether or not to continue chemotherapy. The ruling was based on a psychiatric evaluation of the patient as being "capable of a reasonable evaluation of his interests and realizes the consequences - including the negative ones - of his decision." ](/news/2017/05/12/a-judge-in-alkmaar-the-netherlands-grants-a-12-year-old-boy-the-right-to-decide-for-himself-on-whether-or-not-to-continue-chemotherapy-th.md) _Context: Netherlands_
10. [Philippine Drug War. A Filipino lawyer files a complaint of "mass murder and crimes against humanity" against Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte and eleven other officials at the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2017/04/24/philippine-drug-war-a-filipino-lawyer-files-a-complaint-of-mass-murder-and-crimes-against-humanity-against-philippines-president-rodrigo.md) _Context: Netherlands_
