### [2015-12-17](/news/2015/12/17/index.md)

# Japanese journalist Tatsuya Kato is acquitted by a South Korean court of defamation charges resulting from questions he raised about South Korean President Geun-hye Park's whereabouts during the Sewol ferry disaster. 

The former Seoul bureau chief of the Japanese daily Sankei Shimbun was found inn..


### Source:

1. [The Chosun Ilbo](http://english.chosun.com/site/data/html_dir/2015/12/18/2015121801092.html)
2. [Voice of America](http://www.voanews.com/content/japanese-journalist-cleared-in-south-korea-defamation-case/3106725.html)

### Related:

1. [Lee Jae-yong (Jay Y. Lee), the vice-chairman of the Samsung Group is sentenced to five years for graft for his involvement in the 2016 South Korean political scandal that led to the impeachment of President of South Korea Park Geun-hye. ](/news/2017/08/25/lee-jae-yong-jay-y-lee-the-vice-chairman-of-the-samsung-group-is-sentenced-to-five-years-for-graft-for-his-involvement-in-the-2016-south.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea_
2. [2016 South Korean political scandal. Authorities arrest Impeached South Korean President Park Geun-hye on charges of bribery, abuse of authority, coercion, and leaking government secrets. ](/news/2017/03/30/2016-south-korean-political-scandal-authorities-arrest-impeached-south-korean-president-park-geun-hye-on-charges-of-bribery-abuse-of-autho.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea_
3. [Impeachment of Park Geun-hye. South Korea's Constitutional Court upholds the impeachment of President Park Geun-hye, removing her from office. Hwang Kyo-ahn assumes powers as Acting President. ](/news/2017/03/10/impeachment-of-park-geun-hye-south-korea-s-constitutional-court-upholds-the-impeachment-of-president-park-geun-hye-removing-her-from-offic.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea_
4. [2016 South Korean political scandal. A court in South Korea strikes down a request by prosecutors to issue an arrest warrant for Samsung vice chairman Lee Jae-yong, who is accused of bribery and embezzlement, in connection to a corruption scandal involving impeached President Park Geun-hye. ](/news/2017/01/19/2016-south-korean-political-scandal-a-court-in-south-korea-strikes-down-a-request-by-prosecutors-to-issue-an-arrest-warrant-for-samsung-vic.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea_
5. [2016 South Korean political scandal. South Korean prosecutors issue an arrest warrant for Lee Jae-yong, a senior executive in the Samsung Group, in relation to the political scandal that has led to the impeachment of Park Geun-hye, the President of South Korea. ](/news/2017/01/16/2016-south-korean-political-scandal-south-korean-prosecutors-issue-an-arrest-warrant-for-lee-jae-yong-a-senior-executive-in-the-samsung-gr.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea_
6. [Impeachment process against Park Geun-hye. South Korean lawmakers impeach President Park Geun-hye by a 234-56 vote. Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn, a staunch defender of Ms. Park, will serve as acting president. South Korea's Constitutional Court has up to 180 days to render a final decision. ](/news/2016/12/9/impeachment-process-against-park-geun-hye-south-korean-lawmakers-impeach-president-park-geun-hye-by-a-234-56-vote-prime-minister-hwang-k.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea_
7. [Impeachment process against Park Geun-hye. A bill is introduced into the South Korean National Assembly to impeach President Park Geun-hye. A vote is expected tomorrow. ](/news/2016/12/8/impeachment-process-against-park-geun-hye-a-bill-is-introduced-into-the-south-korean-national-assembly-to-impeach-president-park-geun-hye.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea_
8. [Impeachment process against President Park Geun-hye. The South Korean National Assembly begins hearings ahead of an impeachment vote against President Park Geun-Hye. ](/news/2016/12/5/impeachment-process-against-president-park-geun-hye-the-south-korean-national-assembly-begins-hearings-ahead-of-an-impeachment-vote-against.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea_
9. [2016 South Korean political scandal. South Korean prosecutors raid the offices of Samsung Electronics as part of a ongoing probe into President Park Geun-hye's controversial association with Choi Soon-sil. Yonhap News Agency reports prosecutors are investigating whether Samsung improperly provided financial assistance to Choi's daughter, Chung Yoo-ra. ](/news/2016/11/8/2016-south-korean-political-scandal-south-korean-prosecutors-raid-the-offices-of-samsung-electronics-as-part-of-a-ongoing-probe-into-presid.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea_
10. [2016 South Korean protests. Tens of thousands protest in the South Korean capital, Seoul, calling for the resignation of President Park Geun-hye over her links with Choi Soon-sil, who was arrested on November 3, and charged with fraud and abuse of power. ](/news/2016/11/5/2016-south-korean-protests-tens-of-thousands-protest-in-the-south-korean-capital-seoul-calling-for-the-resignation-of-president-park-geun.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea_
