### [2015-12-17](/news/2015/12/17/index.md)

# Russian President Vladimir Putin calls U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, "a very colorful person. Talented, without any doubt" as well as an "absolute leader" in the race for the presidency. 




### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/russian-president-vladimir-putin-praises-donald-trump-talented/story?id=35816611)

### Related:

1. [Democratic presidential election nominee Hillary Clinton accuses Russian intelligence services of being behind recent hacks into Democratic National Committee computers, while also accusing Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump of supporting Russian President Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2016/07/31/democratic-presidential-election-nominee-hillary-clinton-accuses-russian-intelligence-services-of-being-behind-recent-hacks-into-democratic.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President of Russia, Republican, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
2. [ Russian President Vladimir Putin announces that Russia may consider targeting new sites across Europe with nuclear weapons if part of the United States' nuclear capability is introduced into Europe. ](/news/2007/06/4/russian-president-vladimir-putin-announces-that-russia-may-consider-targeting-new-sites-across-europe-with-nuclear-weapons-if-part-of-the-u.md) _Context: American, President of Russia, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
3. [ Russian President Vladimir Putin criticizes the United States for its "almost uncontained" use of force around the world during his speech at the 43rd annual Munich Conference on Security Policy. ](/news/2007/02/10/russian-president-vladimir-putin-criticizes-the-united-states-for-its-almost-uncontained-use-of-force-around-the-world-during-his-speech.md) _Context: American, President of Russia, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
4. [Leaders from the Group of Twenty come together at the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, including United States President Donald Trump who is set to meet with President of Russia Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2017/07/7/leaders-from-the-group-of-twenty-come-together-at-the-g20-summit-in-hamburg-germany-including-united-states-president-donald-trump-who-is.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President of Russia, Vladimir Putin_
5. [James Comey, the former FBI Director who was dismissed by President Donald Trump last month, appears before the United States Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. Comey says he believes he was fired because of the FBI investigation into the possible collusion between President Trump's campaign team and Russia's interference in the 2016 elections.](/news/2017/06/8/james-comey-the-former-fbi-director-who-was-dismissed-by-president-donald-trump-last-month-appears-before-the-united-states-senate-select.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Russia, Trump's campaign team_
6. [Russian president Vladimir Putin attends the International Arctic Forum in Arkhangelsk, Russia. He says there that he is ready to meet U.S. President Donald Trump in Helsinki, Finland. ](/news/2017/03/30/russian-president-vladimir-putin-attends-the-international-arctic-forum-in-arkhangelsk-russia-he-says-there-that-he-is-ready-to-meet-u-s.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
7. [When Russian President Vladimir Putin, during the January telephone conversation with President Donald Trump,  raised the possibility of extending the 2010  New START treaty that caps U.S. and Russian deployment of nuclear warheads, President Trump    declined, stating that this treaty  is a bad deal for the United States. ](/news/2017/02/9/when-russian-president-vladimir-putin-during-the-january-telephone-conversation-with-president-donald-trump-raised-the-possibility-of-ext.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President of Russia, Vladimir Putin_
8. [A study of former fashion model and current wife of presidential candidate Donald Trump Melania Trump's work history shows that she was an illegal worker in the United States before she received legal authorization. ](/news/2016/11/4/a-study-of-former-fashion-model-and-current-wife-of-presidential-candidate-donald-trump-melania-trump-s-work-history-shows-that-she-was-an-i.md) _Context: American, Donald Trump, Trump's campaign team_
9. [Russian President Vladimir Putin signs a symbolic order to withdraw Russia's signature from the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court (ICC) amid calls by pro-rebel western Non-governmental organisations for an investigation into alleged Russian war crimes in Syria. ](/news/2016/11/16/russian-president-vladimir-putin-signs-a-symbolic-order-to-withdraw-russia-s-signature-from-the-rome-statute-of-the-international-criminal-c.md) _Context: President of Russia, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
10. [Russian President Vladimir Putin suspends the 2000 treaty with the United States on cleaning up weapons-grade plutonium (Plutonium Management and Disposition Agreement) {{ru icon}}. ](/news/2016/10/3/russian-president-vladimir-putin-suspends-the-2000-treaty-with-the-united-states-on-cleaning-up-weapons-grade-plutonium-plutonium-managemen.md) _Context: American, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
