### [2015-12-17](/news/2015/12/17/index.md)

# "The New York Times" reports the U.S. Navy covered up a Naval Criminal Investigative Service (NCIS) report on Afghan detainee abuses. The NCIS investigation found that Navy SEAL Team 2's abuse resulted in the death of a 24-year old married Afghan detainee with a new baby, and that the SEALs failed to restrain the Afghan Local Police's detainee abuses. This drove some previously cooperative Afghans to leave for Taliban-controlled areas, the "Times" reports. Their commander in Afghanistan recommended these men be forced out of the elite SEAL teams. Two of the SEALs and their lieutenant have since been promoted. Rachel E. VanLandingham, former United States Central Command's chief legal adviser on detainee and interrogation issues from 2006 to 2010, and other military lawyers, have called for the case to be reopened. 

A new report shows the Navy tried to cover-up a 2012 incident in which SEAL Team 2 joined local Afghan police in the abuse of numerous, and killing of one Afghan detainee.


### Source:

1. [Headline & Global News](http://www.hngn.com/articles/161483/20151217/seals-death-cover-up-beatings-afghan-detainees.htm)
2. [Sky Valley Times](http://www.skyvalleychronicle.com/BREAKING-NEWS/U-S-NAVY-SEALS-BEAT-AFGHAN-MAN-TO-DEATH-THERE-WAS-A-COVER-UP-AND-NONE-WERE-CHARGED-br-Suggests-new-report-2349556)
3. [The New York Times'' - synopsis](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/17/world/asia/navy-seals-ncis-report.html?em_pos=large&emc=edit_nn_20151218&nl=morning-briefing&nlid=11553763&_r=0)
4. [The New York Times'' via ''Tampa Bay Times](http://www.tampabay.com/news/military/war/navy-seals-and-coverup-claims-after-an-afghan-detainees-death/2258174)
4. [Cover Image](http://images.hngn.com/data/images/full/176092/navy-seal.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Taliban insurgents attack an Afghan military base in Mazar-e-Sharif, Balkh Province, killing more than 140 soldiers. It is said to be the deadliest attack of its kind ](/news/2017/04/21/taliban-insurgents-attack-an-afghan-military-base-in-mazar-e-sharif-balkh-province-killing-more-than-140-soldiers-it-is-said-to-be-the-de.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
2. [At least 10 people are killed by a pair of explosions in the Tsamkani District in the eastern Afghan province of Paktia. Spokesman Naqib Ahmad Atal says the Taliban are to blame. ](/news/2016/08/5/at-least-10-people-are-killed-by-a-pair-of-explosions-in-the-tsamkani-district-in-the-eastern-afghan-province-of-paktia-spokesman-naqib-ahm.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
3. [The U.S. military warns that the Kabul Attack Network, comprised of fighters from various jihadist groups such as the Taliban and Haqqani networks, is planning attacks on people in the Parwan, Khost, Kabul, and Logar Provinces, Afghanistan, and asks for information from the Afghan public. ](/news/2016/04/27/the-u-s-military-warns-that-the-kabul-attack-network-comprised-of-fighters-from-various-jihadist-groups-such-as-the-taliban-and-haqqani-ne.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
4. [The Taliban kill 20 policemen in an attack in Helmand, Afghanistan. ](/news/2015/06/13/the-taliban-kill-20-policemen-in-an-attack-in-helmand-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
5. [ Stephen Farrell, a journalist with "The New York Times", is rescued in northern Afghanistan after four days as a captive of the Taliban, but his Afghan colleague Mohammad Sultan Munadi is shot dead during the raid. ](/news/2009/09/9/stephen-farrell-a-journalist-with-the-new-york-times-is-rescued-in-northern-afghanistan-after-four-days-as-a-captive-of-the-taliban-bu.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Taliban, the New York Times_

### Changes:

1. [''The New York Times'' reports the U.S. Navy covered up a Naval Criminal Investigative Service (NCIS) report on Afghan detainee abuses. The NCIS investigation found that Navy SEAL Team 2's abuse resulted in the death of a 24-year old married Afghan detainee with a new baby, and that the SEALs failed to restrain the Afghan Local Police's detainee abuses. This drove some previously cooperative Afghans to leave for Taliban-controlled areas, the ''Times'' reports. Their commander in Afghanistan recommended these men be forced out of the elite SEAL teams. Two of the SEALs and their lieutenant have since been promoted. Rachel E. VanLandingham, former United States Central Command's chief legal adviser on detainee and interrogation issues from 2006 to 2010, and other military lawyers, have called for the case to be reopened. ](/news/2015/12/17/the-new-york-times-reports-the-u-s-navy-covered-up-a-naval-criminal-investigative-service-ncis-report-on-afghan-detainee-abuses-the.md) _2017-08-25 03:44:03 (First version)_
2. [War in Afghanistan: "The New York Times" reports the U.S. Navy covered up a Naval Criminal Investigative Service (NCIS) report on Afghan detainee abuses. The NCIS investigation found that Navy SEAL Team 2's abuse resulted in the death of a 24-year old married Afghan detainee with a new baby, and that the SEALs failed to restrain the Afghan Local Police's detainee abuses. This drove some previously cooperative Afghans to leave for Taliban-controlled areas, the "Times" reports. Their commander in Afghanistan recommended these men be forced out of the elite SEAL teams. Two of the SEALs and their lieutenant have since been promoted. Rachel E. VanLandingham, former United States Central Command-s chief legal adviser on detainee and interrogation issues from 2006 to 2010, and other military lawyers, have called for the case to be reopened. ](/news/2015/12/17/war-in-afghanistan-the-new-york-times-reports-the-u-s-navy-covered-up-a-naval-criminal-investigative-service-ncis-report-on-afghan-det.md) _2017-08-27 03:44:25 (Update)_
2. ["The New York Times" reports the U.S. Navy covered up a Naval Criminal Investigative Service (NCIS) report on Afghan detainee abuses. The NCIS investigation found that Navy SEAL Team 2's abuse resulted in the death of a 24-year old married Afghan detainee with a new baby, and that the SEALs failed to restrain the Afghan Local Police's detainee abuses. This drove some previously cooperative Afghans to leave for Taliban-controlled areas, the "Times" reports. Their commander in Afghanistan recommended these men be forced out of the elite SEAL teams. Two of the SEALs and their lieutenant have since been promoted. Rachel E. VanLandingham, former United States Central Command's chief legal adviser on detainee and interrogation issues from 2006 to 2010, and other military lawyers, have called for the case to be reopened. ](/news/2015/12/17/the-new-york-times-reports-the-u-s-navy-covered-up-a-naval-criminal-investigative-service-ncis-report-on-afghan-detainee-abuses-the-nc.md) _(Current version)_
