### [2015-12-17](/news/2015/12/17/index.md)

# The United Nations General Assembly passes a resolution condemning North Korea's human rights abuses and calls on the Security Council to refer  violations  to the International Criminal Court. 

The U.N. General Assembly on Thursday formally endorsed a resolution by a majority vote condemning North Korea&#039;s human rights record and urging for the sec


### Source:

1. [The Japan Times](http://www.japantimes.co.jp/news/2015/12/18/asia-pacific/u-n-adopts-motion-north-korea-right-abuses-urging-criminal-court/#.VnQ0EcArI6V)
2. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/World-News/2015/12/18/UN-adopts-resolution-condemning-North-Korea-human-rights-violations/4051450461987/?spt=hs&or=tn_int)

### Related:

1. [The United Nations General Assembly humanitarian committee adopts, by a 112&ndash;19 vote (with 50 abstentions), a resolution that condemns North Korea for gross violations of human rights and supports referring the country and its leaders to the International Criminal Court in The Hague. The resolution will be sent to the full General Assembly, where it is expected to pass, given the committee vote. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-united-nations-general-assembly-humanitarian-committee-adopts-by-a-112-ndash-19-vote-with-50-abstentions-a-resolution-that-condemns.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, North Korea, United Nations General Assembly_
2. [China opposes any new sanctions against North Korea during a meeting in the United Nations Security Council. ](/news/2016/12/10/china-opposes-any-new-sanctions-against-north-korea-during-a-meeting-in-the-united-nations-security-council.md) _Context: North Korea, United Nations Security Council_
3. [The United Nations Security Council  condemns North Korea's most recent ballistic missile launches as a grave violation of the international ban, and urges all countries "to redouble their efforts" to fully implement the March sanctions.  ](/news/2016/06/23/the-united-nations-security-council-condemns-north-korea-s-most-recent-ballistic-missile-launches-as-a-grave-violation-of-the-international.md) _Context: North Korea, United Nations Security Council_
4. [The United Nations Security Council condemns North Korea's failed ballistic missile test yesterday, as well as two other unsuccessful ones in April. ](/news/2016/06/1/the-united-nations-security-council-condemns-north-korea-s-failed-ballistic-missile-test-yesterday-as-well-as-two-other-unsuccessful-ones-i.md) _Context: North Korea, United Nations Security Council_
5. [China's Ministry of Commerce says that it is restricting trade with North Korea, in line with the recent sanctions approved by the United Nations Security Council last March. China will be banning the export of jet fuel and import of gold, some coal and "rare earth metals" used in high-tech goods. ](/news/2016/04/5/china-s-ministry-of-commerce-says-that-it-is-restricting-trade-with-north-korea-in-line-with-the-recent-sanctions-approved-by-the-united-na.md) _Context: North Korea, United Nations Security Council_
6. [The People's Republic of China urges North Korea to abide by a United Nations Security Council resolution that bans the North from conducting ballistic missile tests, two days after Pyongyang claimed it conducted a test from a submarine. ](/news/2016/04/25/the-people-s-republic-of-china-urges-north-korea-to-abide-by-a-united-nations-security-council-resolution-that-bans-the-north-from-conductin.md) _Context: North Korea, United Nations Security Council_
7. [The United Nations Security Council adopts the toughest sanctions on North Korea in twenty years due to continued efforts to develop a nuclear weapons program. ](/news/2016/03/2/the-united-nations-security-council-adopts-the-toughest-sanctions-on-north-korea-in-twenty-years-due-to-continued-efforts-to-develop-a-nucle.md) _Context: North Korea, United Nations Security Council_
8. [The United Nations Security Council vote on the United States-China draft resolution on North Korea is rescheduled to 10:00 a.m. EST Wednesday.   Russia requests more time to review the text. ](/news/2016/03/1/the-united-nations-security-council-vote-on-the-united-states-china-draft-resolution-on-north-korea-is-rescheduled-to-10-00-a-m-est-wednesd.md) _Context: North Korea, United Nations Security Council_
9. [The United States will present the draft resolution, resulting from yesterday's meeting with China, to the United Nations Security Council expanding sanctions on North Korea over its nuclear program. ](/news/2016/02/25/the-united-states-will-present-the-draft-resolution-resulting-from-yesterday-s-meeting-with-china-to-the-united-nations-security-council-e.md) _Context: North Korea, United Nations Security Council_
10. [United States National Security Advisor Susan Rice and Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi agree on a draft resolution that would expand United Nations Security Council sanctions following North Korea's latest nuclear test. U.S. President Barack Obama participated in the meeting. The draft is now headed to the  full 15-member council. ](/news/2016/02/24/united-states-national-security-advisor-susan-rice-and-chinese-foreign-minister-wang-yi-agree-on-a-draft-resolution-that-would-expand-united.md) _Context: North Korea, United Nations Security Council_
