### [2015-12-17](/news/2015/12/17/index.md)

# The United Nations Security Council unanimously adopts a resolution aimed at disrupting revenue the Islamic State  gets from oil sales, ransom payments, and other criminal activities. 

Finance ministers from the UN Security Council on Thursday unanimously backed a resolution aimed at ramping up sanctions against the Islamic State group and cutting off its revenue flows. US Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew led the council&#x27;s first-ever meeting of finance ministers, shoring up a major


### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo News](http://news.yahoo.com/un-unanimously-adopts-resolution-targeting-finances-203644810.html)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-islamic-state-un-idUSKBN0U030P20151217)

### Related:

1. [The United Nations Security Council meets to discuss the rapid progress of an Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant offensive towards Baghdad. ](/news/2014/06/12/the-united-nations-security-council-meets-to-discuss-the-rapid-progress-of-an-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-offensive-towards-baghdad.md) _Context: Islamic State, United Nations Security Council_
2. [Despite opposition from Turkey, President Donald Trump authorizes an arms deal with the Syrian Kurds to assist the Syrian Democratic Forces in their fight against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). ](/news/2017/05/9/despite-opposition-from-turkey-president-donald-trump-authorizes-an-arms-deal-with-the-syrian-kurds-to-assist-the-syrian-democratic-forces.md) _Context: Islamic State_
3. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: Islamic State_
4. [According to a current and a former unnamed U.S. government official, President Donald Trump revealed classified information that jeopardized a critical source of intelligence on the Islamic State during  his Oval Office meeting with the Russian Foreign Minister and Ambassador on May 10. ](/news/2017/05/15/according-to-a-current-and-a-former-unnamed-u-s-government-official-president-donald-trump-revealed-classified-information-that-jeopardize.md) _Context: Islamic State_
5. [A U.S. special forces service member is killed while taking part in an operation against ISIL militants in Afghanistan's eastern Nangarhar Province. ](/news/2017/04/8/a-u-s-special-forces-service-member-is-killed-while-taking-part-in-an-operation-against-isil-militants-in-afghanistan-s-eastern-nangarhar-p.md) _Context: Islamic State_
6. [According to security sources, dozens of people are killed in an overnight attack in Tikrit by suspected ISIL militants. 31 bodies were taken to a hospital, according to a local doctor, while more continued to be found by morning. ](/news/2017/04/5/according-to-security-sources-dozens-of-people-are-killed-in-an-overnight-attack-in-tikrit-by-suspected-isil-militants-31-bodies-were-take.md) _Context: Islamic State_
7. [The United Nations announces expansion of civilian camps for people fleeing Mosul, following resumption of airstrikes  on ISIL-held portions of the Iraqi city. ](/news/2017/04/4/the-united-nations-announces-expansion-of-civilian-camps-for-people-fleeing-mosul-following-resumption-of-airstrikes-on-isil-held-portions.md) _Context: Islamic State_
8. [The United Nations Security Council extends the MINURSO mission for another year and attempts to restart Western Sahara peace process negotiations after both sides retracted their military from a standoff position in Guerguerat, near the border with Mauritania. ](/news/2017/04/28/the-united-nations-security-council-extends-the-minurso-mission-for-another-year-and-attempts-to-restart-western-sahara-peace-process-negoti.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
9. [The pro-government Popular Mobilization Forces militia takes control of the mostly destroyed ancient city of Hatra in Iraq's Nineveh Governorate, following clashes with ISIL, who seized the ruins in 2014. ](/news/2017/04/26/the-pro-government-popular-mobilization-forces-militia-takes-control-of-the-mostly-destroyed-ancient-city-of-hatra-in-iraq-s-nineveh-governo.md) _Context: Islamic State_
10. [Two people are killed in an attack in a Federal Security Service office in the Russian city of Khabarovsk. The gunman is also killed. The US-Israeli SITE Intelligence Group says Amaq News Agency claims the attack for Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. The Russian Federal Security Service says the native 18-year-old perpetrator was a known member of a neo-nazi group. ](/news/2017/04/21/two-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-in-a-federal-security-service-office-in-the-russian-city-of-khabarovsk-the-gunman-is-also-killed-the-us.md) _Context: Islamic State_
