### [2015-09-3](/news/2015/09/3/index.md)

# A military parade is held in Beijing featuring 12,000 members of the People's Liberation Army, 500 vehicles and 200 People's Liberation Army Air Force air craft. Women of the Chinese military are allowed to participate in this particular parade for the first time. 

The military parade in Beijing on September 3, celebrating Japan’s surrender in World War II, is going to demonstrate some 500 units of China’s military hardware rolling across Tiananmen Square, accompanied by 12,000 troops.


### Source:

1. [RT](https://www.rt.com/news/314089-china-parade-troops-hardware/)

### Related:

1. [Prime Minister of Norway Erna Solberg meets with Premier of the People's Republic of China Li Keqiang in Beijing to announce the end of a diplomatic freeze between the countries and the resumption of free trade negotiations between China and Norway. ](/news/2017/04/7/prime-minister-of-norway-erna-solberg-meets-with-premier-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-li-keqiang-in-beijing-to-announce-the-end-of-a-di.md) _Context: Beijing_
2. [Pro-Beijing Hong Kong leader CY Leung says he will quit after his term ends. ](/news/2016/12/9/pro-beijing-hong-kong-leader-cy-leung-says-he-will-quit-after-his-term-ends.md) _Context: Beijing_
3. [Companies shut down production in Beijing and cars are taken off the road after a red alert for smog is issued in northern China. Dozens of cities have closed schools due to the smog. ](/news/2016/12/19/companies-shut-down-production-in-beijing-and-cars-are-taken-off-the-road-after-a-red-alert-for-smog-is-issued-in-northern-china-dozens-of.md) _Context: Beijing_
4. [China's People's Liberation Army Air Force says it has conducted "combat patrols" near the disputed Spratly Islands and Scarborough Shoal in the South China Sea as part of an effort to normalize such drills and respond to security threats. Xian H-6 strategic bombers and Su-30 fighter jets took part in the patrols, according to Xinhua News Agency. ](/news/2016/08/6/china-s-people-s-liberation-army-air-force-says-it-has-conducted-combat-patrols-near-the-disputed-spratly-islands-and-scarborough-shoal-in.md) _Context: People's Liberation Army Air Force_
5. [Cybersecurity software maker Check Point reports  ''HummingBad'' malware has infected at least 10 million Android devices, mostly in China and India. Check Point says a team of developers based in Beijing is behind ''HummingBad'' which gives hackers administrative-level access to infected devices.  Apple devices have been hit by similar malware.  ](/news/2016/07/5/cybersecurity-software-maker-check-point-reports-hummingbad-malware-has-infected-at-least-10-million-android-devices-mostly-in-china-a.md) _Context: Beijing_
6. [ Gou Zhongwen replaces the disgraced Lu Xiwen as the Deputy Party Secretary of Beijing. ](/news/2016/05/8/gou-zhongwen-replaces-the-disgraced-lu-xiwen-as-the-deputy-party-secretary-of-beijing.md) _Context: Beijing_
7. [Authorities in China sentence Huang Yu, a computer technician from Sichuan who worked for a government department which handled state secrets, to death for leaking more than 150,000 classified documents to an unidentified foreign power. The documents in question covered secrets ranging from the ruling Communist Party to military and financial issues. ](/news/2016/04/19/authorities-in-china-sentence-huang-yu-a-computer-technician-from-sichuan-who-worked-for-a-government-department-which-handled-state-secret.md) _Context: military_
8. [Hong Kong's June 4th Museum, the first museum dedicated to the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989, is to close down. Organizers say they believe they are being targeted for political reasons. It comes at a time when concerns are growing in Hong Kong that Beijing is tightening its grip on the city. ](/news/2016/04/14/hong-kong-s-june-4th-museum-the-first-museum-dedicated-to-the-tiananmen-square-protests-of-1989-is-to-close-down-organizers-say-they-beli.md) _Context: Beijing_
9. [China's People's Liberation Army (PLA) will be deployed in Pakistan to protect the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor that connects the Chinese-operated Gwadar Port in Balochistan, Pakistan to China's Xinjiang region. Neighboring India has voiced concern about the planned move. ](/news/2016/03/13/china-s-people-s-liberation-army-pla-will-be-deployed-in-pakistan-to-protect-the-chinaapakistan-economic-corridor-that-connects-the-chin.md) _Context: military_
10. [Reform of the People's Liberation Army in China:The Second Artillery Corps is re-organized into the People's Liberation Army Rocket Force.The People's Liberation Army Strategic Support Force is founded, with Gao Jin as its inaugural commander and Liu Fulian as Political Commissar.The Ground Force is re-organized under the People's Liberation Army Ground Force Command, under commander Li Zuocheng. ](/news/2016/01/5/reform-of-the-people-s-liberation-army-in-china-pthe-second-artillery-corps-is-re-organized-into-the-people-s-liberation-army-rocket-force-p.md) _Context: military_
