### [2005-11-27](/news/2005/11/27/index.md)

#  The former Prime Minister of Iraq, Iyad Allawi, has claimed in "The Observer" newspaper, that human rights abuses by members of the Government of Iraq are as bad now as they were in the time of Saddam Hussein. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4475030.stm)

### Related:

1. [Kurdish MPs withdraw from the central government following a dispute with the Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki with Kurdish forces taking over control of two northern oil fields at Bai Hassan and Kirkuk. ](/news/2014/07/11/kurdish-mps-withdraw-from-the-central-government-following-a-dispute-with-the-prime-minister-nouri-al-maliki-with-kurdish-forces-taking-over.md) _Context: Government of Iraq, Iraq Prime Minister_
2. [Iraqi politicians seem to have brokered a deal to end the impasse over who would form the Government with the Iraqi National Movement agreeing to join a government led by Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki. ](/news/2010/11/11/iraqi-politicians-seem-to-have-brokered-a-deal-to-end-the-impasse-over-who-would-form-the-government-with-the-iraqi-national-movement-agreei.md) _Context: Government of Iraq, Iraq Prime Minister_
3. [ Former Prime Minister of Iraq Iyad Allawi says that he believes that Iraq is engaged in a civil war, although the country has not passed "the point of no return." British and American officials dispute calling the conflict a civil war. ](/news/2006/03/19/former-prime-minister-of-iraq-iyad-allawi-says-that-he-believes-that-iraq-is-engaged-in-a-civil-war-although-the-country-has-not-passed-t.md) _Context: Iraq Prime Minister, Iyad Allawi_
4. [ Iraqi President Jalal Talabani has called the former prime minister Iyad Allawi's comments ""nonsense"". Allawi claimed that the human rights abuses in Iraq were as bad now as they were under Saddam Hussein. Talabani stated that the government was against any form of torture or harming of Prisoners. ](/news/2005/11/28/iraqi-president-jalal-talabani-has-called-the-former-prime-minister-iyad-allawi-s-comments-nonsense-allawi-claimed-that-the-human-righ.md) _Context: Iyad Allawi, Saddam Hussein_
5. [ The United Iraqi Alliance, the leading coalition in the new Government of Iraq, demands the death penalty for Saddam Hussein, accused of genocide in Kurdistan as well as torture and other human rights violations in Baghdad. ([http://www.aljazeera.com/me.asp?service_ID=7807 Al Jazeera])](/news/2005/04/19/the-united-iraqi-alliance-the-leading-coalition-in-the-new-government-of-iraq-demands-the-death-penalty-for-saddam-hussein-accused-of-ge.md) _Context: Government of Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
6. [Iraq Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi says U.S.-backed Iraqi forces have launched an operation to regain control of western Mosul from ISIL militants. The United Nations says humanitarian agencies are setting up in these older sections of the city where, already, food and fuel supplies are dwindling, running water is scarce, and electricity in many neighborhoods is unreliable for the estimated 800,000 civilians. ](/news/2017/02/19/iraq-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-says-u-s-backed-iraqi-forces-have-launched-an-operation-to-regain-control-of-western-mosul-from-isil-mi.md) _Context: Iraq Prime Minister_
7. [Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi announces the start of the Battle of Mosul, backed by the U.S.-led coalition, to retake ISIL-held Mosul, the self-declared caliphate's capital in Iraq. ](/news/2016/10/17/iraqi-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-announces-the-start-of-the-battle-of-mosul-backed-by-the-u-s-led-coalition-to-retake-isil-held-mosul.md) _Context: Iraq Prime Minister_
8. [Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi rejects Turkey's claim that Turkish forces must be included in an operation to retake the militant-held city of Mosul. ](/news/2016/10/12/iraqi-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-rejects-turkey-s-claim-that-turkish-forces-must-be-included-in-an-operation-to-retake-the-militant-held.md) _Context: Iraq Prime Minister_
9. [Iraqi Interior Minister Mohammed Salem Al-Ghabban says he has submitted his resignation. Al-Ghabban cited a lack of "coordination among security systems" demonstrated by Sunday's bombings in Baghdad that killed over 200 people and injured at least 175 others. No report yet that Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi has accepted this resignation. ](/news/2016/07/5/iraqi-interior-minister-mohammed-salem-al-ghabban-says-he-has-submitted-his-resignation-al-ghabban-cited-a-lack-of-coordination-among-secu.md) _Context: Iraq Prime Minister_
10. [The Baghdad Provincial Council deputy head reports the death toll has passed 200, with at least 225 more injured. Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi, visiting the Kerrada site, is jeered by onlookers who blame his government for not stopping ISIL-related bloodshed. ](/news/2016/07/4/the-baghdad-provincial-council-deputy-head-reports-the-death-toll-has-passed-200-with-at-least-225-more-injured-iraqi-prime-minister-haide.md) _Context: Iraq Prime Minister_
