### [2010-04-12](/news/2010/04/12/index.md)

# Manchester City and Togo striker Emmanuel Adebayor announces his retirement from international football at the age of 26, saying he is "still haunted" by the Togo national football team attack which killed three of his colleagues in Angola ahead of the 2010 Africa Cup of Nations three months ago. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/sport2/hi/football/africa/8616196.stm)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/football/2010/apr/12/emmanuel-adebayor-manchester-city-worst-season)

### Related:

1. [Confederation of African Football (CAF) president Issa Hayatou asks his executive committee to lift sanctions imposed on the Togo national football team following an attack on their team bus ahead of the 2010 Africa Cup of Nations in Angola. ](/news/2010/05/7/confederation-of-african-football-caf-president-issa-hayatou-asks-his-executive-committee-to-lift-sanctions-imposed-on-the-togo-national-f.md) _Context: 2010 Africa Cup of Nations, Angola, Togo, Togo national football team attack_
2. [The Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) rejects the appeal for the inclusion of the Togo national football team in the draw for the 2012 Africa Cup of Nations which resulted from their ban due to the Togo national football team attack prior to the 2010 tournament in Angola. It also says that a new draw will be required if they rule in favor of Togo in upcoming proceedings. ](/news/2010/02/18/the-court-of-arbitration-for-sport-cas-rejects-the-appeal-for-the-inclusion-of-the-togo-national-football-team-in-the-draw-for-the-2012-af.md) _Context: 2010 Africa Cup of Nations, Angola, Togo, Togo national football team attack_
3. [The Togo national football team is banned for two tournaments and fined $50,000 for withdrawing from the 2010 Africa Cup of Nations after the fatal attack on their team bus in Angola. The Government of Angola and Confederation of African Football are both to be sued by the families of the dead. ](/news/2010/01/30/the-togo-national-football-team-is-banned-for-two-tournaments-and-fined-50-000-for-withdrawing-from-the-2010-africa-cup-of-nations-after-th.md) _Context: 2010 Africa Cup of Nations, Angola, Togo, Togo national football team attack_
4. [President Faure Gnassingb and national team captain Emmanuel Adebayor are among dignitaries to attend a funeral ceremony held in Lom for the two football officials killed during the Togo national football team attack in Angola. ](/news/2010/01/15/president-faure-gnassingbe-and-national-team-captain-emmanuel-adebayor-are-among-dignitaries-to-attend-a-funeral-ceremony-held-in-lome-for-t.md) _Context: Angola, Emmanuel Adebayor, Togo, Togo national football team attack_
5. [The ban given following the Togo national football team attack ahead of the 2010 Africa Cup of Nations in Angola is lifted with immediate effect as confirmed by the Confederation of African Football (CAF) at a meeting in Cairo. ](/news/2010/05/14/the-ban-given-following-the-togo-national-football-team-attack-ahead-of-the-2010-africa-cup-of-nations-in-angola-is-lifted-with-immediate-ef.md) _Context: 2010 Africa Cup of Nations, Angola, Togo national football team attack_
6. [Goalkeeper Kodjovi Obilale, shot in the Togo national football team attack prior to the 2010 Africa Cup of Nations in Angola, is to return to France after emergency surgery in Johannesburg. ](/news/2010/03/1/goalkeeper-kodjovi-obilala-c-shot-in-the-togo-national-football-team-attack-prior-to-the-2010-africa-cup-of-nations-in-angola-is-to-return.md) _Context: 2010 Africa Cup of Nations, Angola, Togo national football team attack_
7. [One person is killed and several are injured after gunmen open fire on a bus carrying the Togo national football team to the 2010 Africa Cup of Nations in Angola. ](/news/2010/01/8/one-person-is-killed-and-several-are-injured-after-gunmen-open-fire-on-a-bus-carrying-the-togo-national-football-team-to-the-2010-africa-cup.md) _Context: 2010 Africa Cup of Nations, Angola, Togo_
8. [The Confederation of African Football officially "disqualifies" and plans to punish the Togo national football team for failing to take part in the 2010 Africa Cup of Nations, despite the fatal machine gun attack on their team bus. ](/news/2010/01/12/the-confederation-of-african-football-officially-disqualifies-and-plans-to-punish-the-togo-national-football-team-for-failing-to-take-part.md) _Context: 2010 Africa Cup of Nations, Togo, Togo national football team attack_
9. [Angola makes two arrests over an attack on the Togo national football team in Cabinda Province. ](/news/2010/01/11/angola-makes-two-arrests-over-an-attack-on-the-togo-national-football-team-in-cabinda-province.md) _Context: Angola, Togo, Togo national football team attack_
10. [With the 2010 Africa Cup of Nations due to get underway in Angola, confusion surrounds the participation of Togo following the fatal attack on their team bus. Their Prime Minister Gilbert Houngbo sends a plane to bring them home. ](/news/2010/01/10/with-the-2010-africa-cup-of-nations-due-to-get-underway-in-angola-confusion-surrounds-the-participation-of-togo-following-the-fatal-attack.md) _Context: 2010 Africa Cup of Nations, Angola, Togo_
