### [2010-04-12](/news/2010/04/12/index.md)

# "The Washington Post" wins four awards at the 2010 Pulitzer Prizes. 




### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://mediadecoder.blogs.nytimes.com/2010/04/12/washington-post-wins-four-pulitzers-new-york-times-gets-three/)

### Related:

1. [Russia-United States relations: Russian Ambassador to the United States Sergey Kislyak, who was cited in "Washington Post" reports yesterday that American intelligence overheard him telling Moscow about his election-related discussions with a Trump campaign official, ends his nine-year assignment and leaves the United States. In May 2017, Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Anatoly Antonov was approved as the next ambassador. ](/news/2017/07/22/russia-united-states-relations-russian-ambassador-to-the-united-states-sergey-kislyak-who-was-cited-in-washington-post-reports-yesterd.md) _Context: Washington Post_
2. [Australia-United States relations: Citing unnamed U.S. officials, "The Washington Post" reports that U.S. President Donald Trump berated Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull. Trump claimed it was "the worst call by far" and criticized a refugee settlement deal organised between the Turnbull Government and the Obama administration in late 2016. ](/news/2017/02/2/australia-united-states-relations-citing-unnamed-u-s-officials-the-washington-post-reports-that-u-s-president-donald-trump-berated-a.md) _Context: Washington Post_
3. [United States presidential election, 2016: Federal District Judge Gonzalo Curiel unseals documents requested by "The Washington Post" that had been filed with the court in connection with pending civil cases against Trump University, a former business of the Republican Party's presumptive presidential nominee Donald Trump. The judge noted that Trump's candidacy has increased interest in these cases, and that Trump's comments "... (have) placed the integrity of these court proceedings at issue." ](/news/2016/05/28/united-states-presidential-election-2016-federal-district-judge-gonzalo-curiel-unseals-documents-requested-by-the-washington-post-that-h.md) _Context: Washington Post_
4. [Kunduz hospital airstrike: Afghanistan War: The United States says that last month's airstrikes in Kunduz hit three locations, mistakenly including the Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) (MSF) hospital where at least 30 were killed. Afghan commanders, whose forces were actively engaged with the Taliban, requested the attacks. "The Washington Post" reports a warehouse and a mansion in two densely populated residential areas were "pulverized" without loss of civilian lives. According to residents, earlier their neighborhoods had been conflict zones, but no militants were there the time of the attacks. "Together, the three attacks raise questions about the quality and reliability of the intelligence that Afghan security forces are providing to their American partners, as well as U.S. decisions to act on that intelligence," writes the Post. ](/news/2015/11/4/kunduz-hospital-airstrike-afghanistan-war-the-united-states-says-that-last-month-s-airstrikes-in-kunduz-hit-three-locations-mistakenly-in.md) _Context: Washington Post_
5. [Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos purchases "The Washington Post" for $250 million.](/news/2013/08/5/amazon-ceo-jeff-bezos-purchases-the-washington-post-for-250-million.md) _Context: Washington Post_
6. [War in Afghanistan:: "The Washington Post" reports that U.S. special operations personnel temporarily halt the training of all Afghan army and police recruits while a full background check of 27,000 people is ongoing. 45 NATO troops have been killed this year in so-called green-on-blue attacks. ](/news/2012/09/2/war-in-afghanistan-the-washington-post-reports-that-u-s-special-operations-personnel-temporarily-halt-the-training-of-all-afghan-army-a.md) _Context: Washington Post_
7. ["The Washington Post" reports that the military forces imprisoned alleged whistleblower Bradley Manning to strip each night and sleep naked, having confiscated his boxers earlier this week following Manning's protest that restrictions imposed on him were "absurd". A spokesperson for the facility denies "any sort of humiliation or embarrassment" is intended. ](/news/2011/03/6/the-washington-post-reports-that-the-military-forces-imprisoned-alleged-whistleblower-bradley-manning-to-strip-each-night-and-sleep-naked.md) _Context: Washington Post_
8. ["The Washington Post" reports that an FBI informant so frightened Muslim worshippers by referring to violent jihad while spying on an Islamic community centre in Irvine, California, that they reported him to the authorities. The FBI spy, a convicted fraudster, sues the FBI. ](/news/2010/12/6/the-washington-post-reports-that-an-fbi-informant-so-frightened-muslim-worshippers-by-referring-to-violent-jihad-while-spying-on-an-islami.md) _Context: Washington Post_
9. [Ads website Craigslist faces allegations of "pay to rape" underage prostitution after a letter is published in "The Washington Post". ](/news/2010/08/8/ads-website-craigslist-faces-allegations-of-pay-to-rape-underage-prostitution-after-a-letter-is-published-in-the-washington-post.md) _Context: Washington Post_
10. [A two-year "Top Secret America" investigation by "The Washington Post" concludes that United States intelligence gathering has grown so much since the September 11 attacks that neither its true cost, size nor effectiveness in keeping the country safe is actually known. ](/news/2010/07/19/a-two-year-top-secret-america-investigation-by-the-washington-post-concludes-that-united-states-intelligence-gathering-has-grown-so-much.md) _Context: Washington Post_
