### [2002-12-17](/news/2002/12/17/index.md)

# Congo's government, rebels and opposition parties signed a peace accord to end four years of civil war and set up a transitional government to lead Africa's third-largest nation to its first democratic elections since independence in 1960. 




### Related:

1. [ The International Criminal Court will hear its first case, the allegations of war crimes during a civil war in the Democratic Republic of Congo. ](/news/2005/03/15/the-international-criminal-court-will-hear-its-first-case-the-allegations-of-war-crimes-during-a-civil-war-in-the-democratic-republic-of-c.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo, civil war_
2. [Kamwina Nsapu rebellion. The United Nations MONUSCO reports that 20 Chowe-Pende community members have been killed in clashes with the Lulua-Luba community in Kasai-Central, Democratic Republic of Congo. ](/news/2017/04/26/kamwina-nsapu-rebellion-the-united-nations-monusco-reports-that-20-chowe-pende-community-members-have-been-killed-in-clashes-with-the-lulua.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo_
3. [Clashes between Pygmy and Bantu tribes in Tanganyika region of Democratic Republic of Congo leave 20 people dead. ](/news/2016/10/18/clashes-between-pygmy-and-bantu-tribes-in-tanganyika-region-of-democratic-republic-of-congo-leave-20-people-dead.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo_
4. [2015 PKK rebellion. Fighting continues to rage between the Turkish Army and PKK militants across southeastern Turkey, with the Kurdish-majority cities of Cizre and Silopi both becoming war zones as street-to-street fighting takes place. Turkish tanks shelled civilian houses in Silopi, while a Turkish military helicopter was damaged by PKK fire as it attempted to land in Cizre. Also, two Turkish soldiers were killed and six others wounded in a roadside bombing near the town of Bitlis. Many within Turkey are saying a civil war is now underway. ](/news/2015/12/21/2015-pkk-rebellion-fighting-continues-to-rage-between-the-turkish-army-and-pkk-militants-across-southeastern-turkey-with-the-kurdish-major.md) _Context: civil war_
5. [Police in the Democratic Republic of Congo's capital Kinshasa fire on protesters opposing efforts by President Joseph Kabila to delay presidential and parliamentary elections due in 2016 leaving at least four people dead and ten injured. ](/news/2015/01/19/police-in-the-democratic-republic-of-congo-s-capital-kinshasa-fire-on-protesters-opposing-efforts-by-president-joseph-kabila-to-delay-presid.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo_
6. [The Democratic Republic of Congo confirms two deaths from Ebola in the north of the country, the first cases reported from the current outbreak. ](/news/2014/08/24/the-democratic-republic-of-congo-confirms-two-deaths-from-ebola-in-the-north-of-the-country-the-first-cases-reported-from-the-current-outbr.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo_
7. [The M23 rebel movement and the Congolese Army are engaged in heavy fighting in the environs of Goma. ](/news/2013/07/15/the-m23-rebel-movement-and-the-congolese-army-are-engaged-in-heavy-fighting-in-the-environs-of-goma.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo_
8. [2012-13 Central African Republic conflict:. Rebels in the Central African Republic reportedly take the presidential palace in Bangui, as President Francois Bozize flees to the neighbouring Democratic Republic of Congo. ](/news/2013/03/24/2012-13-central-african-republic-conflict-rebels-in-the-central-african-republic-reportedly-take-the-presidential-palace-in-bangui-as-p.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo_
9. [M23 rebellion:. The March 23 Movement in the Democratic Republic of Congo announces that peace talks will only commence if President Joseph Kabila's government signs a ceasefire. ](/news/2013/01/3/m23-rebellion-the-march-23-movement-in-the-democratic-republic-of-congo-announces-that-peace-talks-will-only-commence-if-president-joseph.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo_
10. [Nestor Louis Michel calls Rwandan President Paul Kagame a "great leader" ("groot leider"). Kagame has been accused of war crimes during Rwanda's invasion of the DR Congo in 1996, and of having led a subsequent proxy war against the DR Congo by arming the CNDP until January 20, 2009. Congo currently accuses Rwandan defence officials of supporting a new destabilisation of East Congo. Louis Michel urges the international community for "more time" to "objectivate the facts first" before taking any action. ](/news/2012/09/9/nestor-louis-michel-calls-rwandan-president-paul-kagame-a-great-leader-groot-leider-kagame-has-been-accused-of-war-crimes-during-rwan.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo_
