### [2003-07-18](/news/2003/07/18/index.md)

#  The corpse of Dr. David Kelly is discovered, it appears that he committed suicide. Kelly was a British government advisor involved in the "September Dossier" investigation relating to the 2003 war on Iraq. Former Labour Junior Minister Glenda Jackson calls for Prime Minister Blair's resignation and a Mail on Sunday reporter asks, "Do you have blood on your hands. Prime Minister?" Blair refuses to comment, as does Communications Director Campbell.




### Related:

1. [ The Hutton Inquiry report is released, stating the suicide of Iraqi weapons expert David Kelly did not involve "dishonourable conduct" on the part of the United Kingdom's government and exonerates Prime Minister Tony Blair of any wrongdoing in Kelly's death. The BBC receives harsh criticism for the allegations within Andrew Gilligan's report on weapons of mass destruction and the BBC's subsequent backing of the report. Gavyn Davies takes full responsibility for any wrongdoing and resigns as the Chairman of the Board of Governors of the BBC.](/news/2004/01/28/the-hutton-inquiry-report-is-released-stating-the-suicide-of-iraqi-weapons-expert-david-kelly-did-not-involve-dishonourable-conduct-on-t.md) _Context: David Christopher Kelly, Tony Blair, suicide_
2. [Tony Blair's former Director of Communications, Alastair Campbell, tells the Leveson Inquiry that there was no "express deal" between Blair and News Corporation CEO Rupert Murdoch in the run-up to the 1997 UK general election. ](/news/2012/05/14/tony-blair-s-former-director-of-communications-alastair-campbell-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-that-there-was-no-express-deal-between-blair.md) _Context: Alastair Campbell, Tony Blair_
3. [A private note, due to remain secret despite calls for it to be published by the chairman of the Iraq Inquiry, shows former British prime minister Tony Blair privately assured former American president George W. Bush "you can count on us" before they jointly invaded Iraq prior to the Iraq War. ](/news/2011/01/21/a-private-note-due-to-remain-secret-despite-calls-for-it-to-be-published-by-the-chairman-of-the-iraq-inquiry-shows-former-british-prime-mi.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Tony Blair_
4. [Iraq Inquiry documents show former British prime minister Tony Blair was offered an alternative to attacking Iraq during a secret meeting held eight days before its soldiers invaded the country in 2003. ](/news/2011/01/20/iraq-inquiry-documents-show-former-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-was-offered-an-alternative-to-attacking-iraq-during-a-secret-meeting-he.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Tony Blair_
5. [Lord Jay, Permanent Under-Secretary at the Foreign and Commonwealth Office ahead of the 2003 invasion of Iraq, tells the Iraq Inquiry he felt "very uncomfortable" about Tony Blair declaring war on Iraq without another "necessary" United Nations resolution. ](/news/2010/06/30/lord-jay-permanent-under-secretary-at-the-foreign-and-commonwealth-office-ahead-of-the-2003-invasion-of-iraq-tells-the-iraq-inquiry-he-fel.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Tony Blair_
6. [The BBC intervenes and tensions escalate after the UK cabinet members' threat to boycott "Question Time" unless Alastair Campbell, former adviser to Tony Blair, is removed from the panel. ](/news/2010/05/28/the-bbc-intervenes-and-tensions-escalate-after-the-uk-cabinet-members-threat-to-boycott-question-time-unless-alastair-campbell-former-ad.md) _Context: Alastair Campbell, Tony Blair_
7. [ United Kingdom: Former actress and current Labour MP Glenda Jackson announces she intends to stand against Tony Blair in a leadership bid if he doesn't stand down in the near future. ](/news/2005/10/9/united-kingdom-former-actress-and-current-labour-mp-glenda-jackson-announces-she-intends-to-stand-against-tony-blair-in-a-leadership-bid-i.md) _Context: Glenda Jackson, Tony Blair_
8. [ British Prime Minister Tony Blair publishes the advice of Lord Goldsmith, the Attorney General, on the legality of the 2003 invasion of Iraq. ](/news/2005/04/28/british-prime-minister-tony-blair-publishes-the-advice-of-lord-goldsmith-the-attorney-general-on-the-legality-of-the-2003-invasion-of-ira.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Tony Blair_
9. [ Tony Blair defends the war in Iraq, stating that "global threat we face in Britain and round the world is real and existential and it is the task of leadership to expose it and fight it, whatever the political cost." ](/news/2004/03/5/tony-blair-defends-the-war-in-iraq-stating-that-global-threat-we-face-in-britain-and-round-the-world-is-real-and-existential-and-it-is-th.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Tony Blair_
10. [ Robin Cook, former United Kingdom Foreign Secretary who resigned from the British Government in protest prior the Iraq war, publishes his personal diaries. In them he alleges "inter alia" that Tony Blair knew before the Iraq war began that the 45 minutes to launch claim was false.](/news/2003/10/4/robin-cook-former-united-kingdom-foreign-secretary-who-resigned-from-the-british-government-in-protest-prior-the-iraq-war-publishes-his-p.md) _Context: 45 minutes to launch claim, Tony Blair_
