### [2003-07-18](/news/2003/07/18/index.md)

#  The United States Senate passes a defense appropriations bill which explicitly forbids the Department of Defense from spending any money on Terrorist Information Awareness research, effectively putting an end to the Information Awareness Office.




### Related:

1. [ Iraq War: A report by the U.S. Defense Department's inspector general has found the The Pentagon "purposely manipulated" pre-war intelligence. Senator Carl Levin, D-MI, as chair of the Senate Armed Services Committee has called the report "very damning" and said of its results, "highly disturbing". ](/news/2007/02/9/iraq-war-a-report-by-the-u-s-defense-department-s-inspector-general-has-found-the-the-pentagon-purposely-manipulated-pre-war-intelligen.md) _Context: U.S. military, United States Senate_
2. [ DARPA's Congressional report announces that the controversial Total Information Awareness program will be known as the Terrorist Information Awareness program from now on, to emphasize that its purpose is to compile data on terrorists, and not to compile dossiers on US citizens.](/news/2003/05/20/darpa-s-congressional-report-announces-that-the-controversial-total-information-awareness-program-will-be-known-as-the-terrorist-informatio.md) _Context: Information Awareness Office, Terrorist Information Awareness_
3. [ US Senator Russ Feingold introduces a bill to halt the Information Awareness Office and Total Information Awareness pending a review of privacy issues involved. The US Congress attempting to suspend an internal Department of Defense project is a highly unusual step.](/news/2003/01/16/us-senator-russ-feingold-introduces-a-bill-to-halt-the-information-awareness-office-and-total-information-awareness-pending-a-review-of-pri.md) _Context: Information Awareness Office, U.S. military_
4. [Five transgender United States military personnel sue President Donald Trump and top Pentagon officials over the President's policy change announced late last month banning transgender people from serving in the military. The suit asks the court to prevent the ban from going into effect. ](/news/2017/08/9/five-transgender-united-states-military-personnel-sue-president-donald-trump-and-top-pentagon-officials-over-the-president-s-policy-change-a.md) _Context: U.S. military_
5. [The Pentagon is considering conducting airstrikes in Marawi, which if approved would later put U.S. troops on the ground to battle the ISIS-affiliated Maute group as well as related Islamist terror groups. A spokesperson later denied the claims as well as clarified that the Philippines has yet to make a request. ](/news/2017/08/8/the-pentagon-is-considering-conducting-airstrikes-in-marawi-which-if-approved-would-later-put-u-s-troops-on-the-ground-to-battle-the-isis.md) _Context: U.S. military_
6. [The South Korean military reports North Korea has fired several short-range projectiles into the sea from its eastern Kangwon province. The U.S. military says three short-range missile launches either exploded on launch or failed in flight. ](/news/2017/08/26/the-south-korean-military-reports-north-korea-has-fired-several-short-range-projectiles-into-the-sea-from-its-eastern-kangwon-province-the.md) _Context: U.S. military_
7. [The United States Senate, in a 92-5 vote, confirms Christopher A. Wray as Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ](/news/2017/08/1/the-united-states-senate-in-a-92a5-vote-confirms-christopher-a-wray-as-director-of-the-federal-bureau-of-investigation.md) _Context: United States Senate_
8. [The American Health Care Act of 2017, an attempt to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, fails passage in the United States Senate. ](/news/2017/07/28/the-american-health-care-act-of-2017-an-attempt-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-fails-passage-in-the-united-state.md) _Context: United States Senate_
9. [The United States Senate rejects "repeal only" propositions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. United States President Donald Trump lashes out at Republican Senator Lisa Murkowski, who voted against the proposal. ](/news/2017/07/26/the-united-states-senate-rejects-repeal-only-propositions-of-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-united-states-president-donal.md) _Context: United States Senate_
10. [The U.S. Senate votes to open debate on repealing and possibly replacing Obamacare. ](/news/2017/07/25/the-u-s-senate-votes-to-open-debate-on-repealing-and-possibly-replacing-obamacare.md) _Context: United States Senate_
