### [2003-07-18](/news/2003/07/18/index.md)

#  U.S. Basketball: Eagle County, Colorado District Attorney Mark Hurlbert announces that Los Angeles Lakers star Kobe Bryant has been charged with one count of felony sexual assault, stemming from a June 30 incident at a gated resort involving a 19-year-old woman.




### Related:

1. [ Former basketball referee Tim Donaghy accuses other referees in the National Basketball Association of rigging games, including Game 6 in the 2002 Western Conference Finals, allowing the Los Angeles Lakers to win that game, the series, and ultimately the 2002 NBA Finals. ](/news/2008/06/11/former-basketball-referee-tim-donaghy-accuses-other-referees-in-the-national-basketball-association-of-rigging-games-including-game-6-in-t.md) _Context: Los Angeles Lakers, basketball_
2. [ The rape prosecution brought against U.S. basketball star Kobe Bryant is dismissed, with prejudice, when it becomes clear that his accuser will refuse to testify. The civil suit filed by his accuser proceeds. ](/news/2004/09/1/the-rape-prosecution-brought-against-u-s-basketball-star-kobe-bryant-is-dismissed-with-prejudice-when-it-becomes-clear-that-his-accuser.md) _Context: Kobe Bryant, basketball_
3. [The office of the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York announces that 10 individuals, including assistant coaches at four NCAA Division I men's basketball programs--Arizona, Auburn, Oklahoma State, and USC--have been arrested on federal corruption charges. The accused are alleged to be part of a scheme by which coaches accepted bribes to steer NBA-bound college players toward certain agents and financial advisers. Court documents also allege that an apparel company later identified as Adidas paid $100,000 to the family of an unnamed player to ensure his signing with an unnamed Division I school, which was later confirmed as the University of Louisville. ](/news/2017/09/26/the-office-of-the-united-states-attorney-for-the-southern-district-of-new-york-announces-that-10-individuals-including-assistant-coaches-at.md) _Context: basketball_
4. [The UN's John Ging says more than 7,000 Palestinian children have successfully attempted a Guinness World Record by simultaneously dribbling basketballs. ](/news/2010/07/22/the-un-s-john-ging-says-more-than-7-000-palestinian-children-have-successfully-attempted-a-guinness-world-record-by-simultaneously-dribbling.md) _Context: basketball_
5. [South Sudan's 7ft 7in basketball legend and humanitarian, Manute Bol, dies. ](/news/2010/06/20/south-sudan-s-7ft-7in-basketball-legend-and-humanitarian-manute-bol-dies.md) _Context: basketball_
6. [The Los Angeles Lakers win the 2010 NBA Finals defeating the Boston Celtics 83-79 in Game 7. ](/news/2010/06/17/the-los-angeles-lakers-win-the-2010-nba-finals-defeating-the-boston-celtics-83-79-in-game-7.md) _Context: Los Angeles Lakers_
7. [ The Los Angeles Lakers defeat the Orlando Magic four games to one to win the 2009 NBA Finals. Lakers coach Phil Jackson wins his tenth NBA Championship, becoming the all-time leader. ](/news/2009/06/14/the-los-angeles-lakers-defeat-the-orlando-magic-four-games-to-one-to-win-the-2009-nba-finals-lakers-coach-phil-jackson-wins-his-tenth-nba.md) _Context: Los Angeles Lakers_
8. [ The Boston Celtics defeat the Los Angeles Lakers to win the 2008 NBA Finals. ](/news/2008/06/17/the-boston-celtics-defeat-the-los-angeles-lakers-to-win-the-2008-nba-finals.md) _Context: Los Angeles Lakers_
9. [ A collision near Bathurst, New Brunswick results in the deaths of 7 Bathurst High School basketball team members. ](/news/2008/01/12/a-collision-near-bathurst-new-brunswick-results-in-the-deaths-of-7-bathurst-high-school-basketball-team-members.md) _Context: basketball_
10. [ Five basketball players at Duquesne University in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania are shot on campus after they tried to calm a disturbed man at a dance in the Student Union. Three of the five are hospitalized, with one in critical condition. ](/news/2006/09/17/five-basketball-players-at-duquesne-university-in-pittsburgh-pennsylvania-are-shot-on-campus-after-they-tried-to-calm-a-disturbed-man-at-a.md) _Context: basketball_
