### [2011-07-15](/news/2011/07/15/index.md)

# Ireland's Taoiseach Enda Kenny attacks the Vatican's approach to the child abuse scandals in the country as "absolutely disgraceful", while the Socialist Party's Joe Higgins tells Dail Eireann that people were "throwing their hands in the air" after the report into the sexual abuse scandal in Cloyne diocese was published this week. 




### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2011/jul/14/vatican-child-abuse-ireland)

### Related:

1. [Politics of the Republic of Ireland: Irish Taoiseach Enda Kenny makes his farewell address to Dail Eireann, and will submit his resignation to President Michael D. Higgins after six years in office. It is expected that his successor, Leo Varadkar, will be elected by the Dail to succeed him tomorrow. ](/news/2017/06/13/politics-of-the-republic-of-ireland-irish-taoiseach-enda-kenny-makes-his-farewell-address-to-da-il-aireann-and-will-submit-his-resignatio.md) _Context: Dail Eireann, Enda Kenny, Taoiseach_
2. [The Irish Dail Eireann (parliament) fails to elect a new taoiseach (Prime Minister) with incumbent Enda Kenny carrying on as a caretaker. ](/news/2016/03/10/the-irish-da-il-aireann-parliament-fails-to-elect-a-new-taoiseach-prime-minister-with-incumbent-enda-kenny-carrying-on-as-a-caretaker.md) _Context: Dail Eireann, Enda Kenny, Taoiseach_
3. [Irish lawmakers vote 113 to 36 to liquidate the Irish Bank Resolution Corporation (IBRC), with Joe Higgins of the opposition Socialist Party describing the rapid developments as "chaotic". ](/news/2013/02/7/irish-lawmakers-vote-113-to-36-to-liquidate-the-irish-bank-resolution-corporation-ibrc-with-joe-higgins-of-the-opposition-socialist-party.md) _Context: Ireland, Joe Higgins, Socialist Party_
4. [Irish politicians respond to High Court Judge Paul Carney's order that a man who plead guilty in court to repeatedly raping his daughter as a child be granted bail and provisional released. Taoiseach Enda Kenny comments on a nation "filled with revulsion" at the outcome of the case, while opposition politician Gerry Adams refers to abuse his father inflicted on others. ](/news/2013/01/22/irish-politicians-respond-to-high-court-judge-paul-carney-s-order-that-a-man-who-plead-guilty-in-court-to-repeatedly-raping-his-daughter-as.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Ireland, Taoiseach_
5. [A bomb explodes in Omagh, County Tyrone, Northern Ireland, killing one, hours after around 2,000 participants in a half marathon pass by. The incident evokes memories of the 1998 Omagh bombing, while taoiseach Enda Kenny (Republic of Ireland) accuses the perpetrators of "acting in defiance of the Irish people". ](/news/2011/04/2/a-bomb-explodes-in-omagh-county-tyrone-northern-ireland-killing-one-hours-after-around-2-000-participants-in-a-half-marathon-pass-by-th.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Ireland, Taoiseach_
6. [Enda Kenny is elected as the 13th Taoiseach of Ireland by a margin of 117-27 in the 31st Dail Eireann, replacing Brian Cowen. ](/news/2011/03/9/enda-kenny-is-elected-as-the-13th-taoiseach-of-ireland-by-a-margin-of-117-27-in-the-31st-da-il-aireann-replacing-brian-cowen.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Ireland, Taoiseach_
7. [Moriarty Tribunal:: Taoiseach Enda Kenny confirms that disgraced former minister Michael Lowry is to be censured by Dail Eireann today without any discussion of the matter, following two days of debate on the tribunal's findings. ](/news/2011/03/31/moriarty-tribunal-taoiseach-enda-kenny-confirms-that-disgraced-former-minister-michael-lowry-is-to-be-censured-by-da-il-aireann-today-wit.md) _Context: Dail Eireann, Enda Kenny, Taoiseach_
8. [Moriarty Tribunal in Ireland:: Former government minister Michael Lowry refuses to resign the seat he recently claimed back in Dail Eireann in the aftermath of the Moriarty Tribunal's findings that he assisted billionaire businessman Denis O'Brien "beyond doubt" in gaining a mobile phone license for Esat Digifone, in actions judged "disgraceful and insidious" by the tribunal. Taoiseach Enda Kenny admits Fine Gael accepted a donation worth thousands of dollars from Esat at the time. ](/news/2011/03/24/moriarty-tribunal-in-ireland-former-government-minister-michael-lowry-refuses-to-resign-the-seat-he-recently-claimed-back-in-da-il-airean.md) _Context: Dail Eireann, Enda Kenny, Taoiseach_
9. [The leaders of Ireland's two main political parties, Fianna Fail and Fine Gael, come under fire. Irish Taoiseach Brian Cowen faces a motion of no confidence in Dail Eireann, his second in just over a year. Leader of the Opposition, Enda Kenny, who sacked his deputy leader yesterday to prevent a potential coup, faces further revolt from his party as nine more members of his frontbench call on him to resign. ](/news/2010/06/15/the-leaders-of-ireland-s-two-main-political-parties-fianna-fa-il-and-fine-gael-come-under-fire-irish-taoiseach-brian-cowen-faces-a-motion.md) _Context: Dail Eireann, Enda Kenny, Taoiseach_
10. [Ireland's Fine Gael Deputy Leader and Finance Spokesperson Richard Bruton, brother of former Taoiseach John Bruton, is sacked after publicly declaring his lack of confidence in Fine Gael's leader Enda Kenny. ](/news/2010/06/14/ireland-s-fine-gael-deputy-leader-and-finance-spokesperson-richard-bruton-brother-of-former-taoiseach-john-bruton-is-sacked-after-publicly.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Ireland, Taoiseach_
