### [2012-10-28](/news/2012/10/28/index.md)

# Chelsea lose their unbeaten league record against Manchester United as Manchester United wins 3-2 at Stamford Bridge. Referee Mark Clattenburg sends off Branislav Ivanovic and Fernando Torres. In addition, Javier Hernandez is pelted with objects after scoring the winning goal, a steward is injured and hospitalized, and Chelsea issue a formal complaint to the Premier League over the referee's alleged racial abuse of several players, including Mikel John Obi. 

Chelsea make a formal complaint against referee Mark Clattenburg, alleging he used racial language against a player.


### Source:

1. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/sport/football/premier-league/match-report-mark-clattenburg-provides-a-cruel-twist-to-pulsating-encounter-between-chelsea-and-manchester-united-8229797.html)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/football/2012/oct/28/mark-clattenburg-accused-racial-slur-chelsea)
3. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/chelsea/9639556/Chelsea-accuse-Mark-Clattenburg-of-racial-remark-in-defeat-to-Manchester-United.html)
4. [Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/football/article-2224566/Graham-Poll-Mark-Clattenburg-got-big-calls-wrong-Chelsea-v-Manchester-United.html?ito=feeds-newsxml)
5. [GOAL](http://www.goal.com/en-gb/news/2896/premier-league/2012/10/28/3482687/mata-van-persie-overshadowed-by-impetuous-clattenburg?source=breakingnews)
6. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/0/football/20119340)

### Related:

1. [Following a 2-2 draw between Chelsea F.C. and Tottenham Hotspur F.C. at Stamford Bridge, Leicester City F.C. are confirmed as champions of the Premier League for the first time in their history. Leicester City were 5000-1 outsiders at the beginning of the season. ](/news/2016/05/2/following-a-2-2-draw-between-chelsea-f-c-and-tottenham-hotspur-f-c-at-stamford-bridge-leicester-city-f-c-are-confirmed-as-champions-of-t.md) _Context: Chelsea F.C., English Premier League, Stamford Bridge_
2. [The first legs of the 2012-13 UEFA Europa League quarter-finals are held in Europe. Fernando Torres scores twice and helps Chelsea to a 3-1 defeat of Rubin Kazan. ](/news/2013/04/4/the-first-legs-of-the-2012a13-uefa-europa-league-quarter-finals-are-held-in-europe-fernando-torres-scores-twice-and-helps-chelsea-to-a-3a.md) _Context: Chelsea F.C., Fernando Torres_
3. [Liverpool striker Luis Suarez is banned for 10 games by the FA for biting Chelsea's Branislav Ivanovic. ](/news/2013/04/24/liverpool-striker-luis-sua-rez-is-banned-for-10-games-by-the-fa-for-biting-chelsea-s-branislav-ivanovia.md) _Context: Branislav Ivanović, Chelsea F.C._
4. [2012-13 Premier League:Manchester United secure the 2012-13 Premier League title thanks to a Robin van Persie hat trick against Aston Villa at Old Trafford, which moves them 16 points clear of rivals and reigning champions Manchester City who have only a maximum of 15 points left to play for. This is Sir Alex Ferguson's 13th title of his 27-year tenure as United's manager. ](/news/2013/04/22/2012a13-premier-league-pmanchester-united-secure-the-2012a13-premier-league-title-thanks-to-a-robin-van-persie-hat-trick-against-aston-v.md) _Context: English Premier League, Manchester United_
5. [Real Madrid defeat Manchester United by a 2-1 scoreline (3-2 on aggregate) in the second leg of their 2012-13 UEFA Champions League last 16 tie. With the Premier League club leading 1-0, Nani's controversial second half sending off provides the game's main turning point, and Cristiano Ronaldo ultimately scores the winning goal on his first return to Old Trafford since leaving in the summer of 2009. ](/news/2013/03/5/real-madrid-defeat-manchester-united-by-a-2a1-scoreline-3a2-on-aggregate-in-the-second-leg-of-their-2012a13-uefa-champions-league-la.md) _Context: English Premier League, Manchester United_
6. [Titleholders Chelsea comes from two goals down to draw 2-2 with Manchester United and earns a replay of their 2012-13 FA Cup quarter-final. ](/news/2013/03/10/titleholders-chelsea-comes-from-two-goals-down-to-draw-2a2-with-manchester-united-and-earns-a-replay-of-their-2012a13-fa-cup-quarter-fin.md) _Context: Chelsea F.C., Manchester United_
7. [Manchester United win the Manchester derby, defeating reigning league champions Manchester City by a score of 3-2 in the 2012-13 Premier League. Robin van Persie scores a last-minute goal and Rio Ferdinand is injured after being hit by a coin. ](/news/2012/12/9/manchester-united-win-the-manchester-derby-defeating-reigning-league-champions-manchester-city-by-a-score-of-3a2-in-the-2012a13-premier.md) _Context: English Premier League, Manchester United_
8. [Papiss Cisse fires two goals past UEFA Champions League finalists Chelsea to keep Newcastle United firmly in contention for a place in the Premier League's top four which would require Chelsea to defeat Bayern Munich in the final to qualify for next season. ](/news/2012/05/2/papiss-cissa-c-fires-two-goals-past-uefa-champions-league-finalists-chelsea-to-keep-newcastle-united-firmly-in-contention-for-a-place-in-the.md) _Context: Chelsea F.C., English Premier League_
9. [Manchester City win the Premier League for the first time, beating Manchester United on goal difference. ](/news/2012/05/13/manchester-city-win-the-premier-league-for-the-first-time-beating-manchester-united-on-goal-difference.md) _Context: English Premier League, Manchester United_
10. [In association football, Manchester City defeat Manchester United in what had been described as the biggest match in Premier League history. Vincent Kompany scores the winning goal to take City to the summit of the Premier League table with two games of the season left to play. ](/news/2012/04/30/in-association-football-manchester-city-defeat-manchester-united-in-what-had-been-described-as-the-biggest-match-in-premier-league-history.md) _Context: English Premier League, Manchester United_
