### [2012-10-28](/news/2012/10/28/index.md)

# In Major League Baseball, the San Francisco Giants defeat the Detroit Tigers in game four of the 2012 World Series, sweeping the Tigers and winning their second World Series in three years. Pablo Sandoval is named World Series MVP. 

Marco Scutaro singled home the tiebreaking run in the 10th inning, and the Giants beat the Tigers 4-3 on Sunday night to complete a four-game sweep and win their second World Series title in three years.


### Source:

1. [ESPN](http://espn.go.com/mlb/playoffs/2012/story/_/id/8568080/pablo-sandoval-wins-world-series-mvp)
2. [ESPN](http://scores.espn.go.com/mlb/recap?gameId=321028106)

### Related:

1. [ In American Major League Baseball, the Chicago Cubs defeat the Cleveland Indians 8-7 in 10 innings, winning the Series 4-3 and claiming their first MLB title since 1908. The Cubs' Ben Zobrist is named series MVP. Cubs win game 7 and the title in the early hours of November 3rd, 2016. ](/news/2016/11/2/in-american-major-league-baseball-the-chicago-cubs-defeat-the-cleveland-indians-8a7-in-10-innings-winning-the-series-4a3-and-claiming.md) _Context: Major League Baseball, series MVP_
2. [In Major League Baseball, the San Francisco Giants win the 2014 World Series, defeating the Kansas City Royals by 4 games to 3 for the Giants' third World Series win in five seasons, followed by civil disorder in the streets. Giants pitcher Madison Bumgarner is named as series MVP. ](/news/2014/10/29/in-major-league-baseball-the-san-francisco-giants-win-the-2014-world-series-defeating-the-kansas-city-royals-by-4-games-to-3-for-the-giant.md) _Context: Giants', Major League Baseball_
3. [ Barry Bonds of the San Francisco Giants hits his 756th career home run, passing Hank Aaron as the all-time leader in Major League Baseball. Bonds hits the shot against Washington Nationals pitcher Mike Bacsik in the fifth inning of their game at AT&T Park in San Francisco, California. ](/news/2007/08/7/barry-bonds-of-the-san-francisco-giants-hits-his-756th-career-home-run-passing-hank-aaron-as-the-all-time-leader-in-major-league-baseball.md) _Context: Giants', Major League Baseball_
4. [ San Francisco Giants outfielder Barry Bonds ties Hank Aaron for most career home runs with 755, while Alex Rodriguez becomes the youngest player to hit 500 home runs in Major League Baseball. ](/news/2007/08/4/san-francisco-giants-outfielder-barry-bonds-ties-hank-aaron-for-most-career-home-runs-with-755-while-alex-rodriguez-becomes-the-youngest-p.md) _Context: Giants', Major League Baseball_
5. [ In baseball, the Miami Marlins' Ichiro Suzuki becomes the 30th Major League Baseball player with 3,000 career hits, reaching the milestone with a seventh-inning triple against the Colorado Rockies. ](/news/2016/08/7/in-baseball-the-miami-marlins-ichiro-suzuki-becomes-the-30th-major-league-baseball-player-with-3-000-career-hits-reaching-the-milestone.md) _Context: Major League Baseball_
6. [In baseball, Ichiro Suzuki reaches a combined total of career hits of 4,257 spanning Major League Baseball and Nippon Professional Baseball. It passes Pete Rose's career total encompassing Major League Baseball only of 4,256 but the MLB is considered to be a higher quality competition. ](/news/2016/06/15/in-baseball-ichiro-suzuki-reaches-a-combined-total-of-career-hits-of-4-257-spanning-major-league-baseball-and-nippon-professional-baseball.md) _Context: Major League Baseball_
7. [Major League Baseball Commissioner Rob Manfred says the decision whether the Miami Marlins and Pittsburgh Pirates two-game series scheduled for later this month will be moved from Puerto Rico  because of concerns about the Zika virus, will be announced Monday "at the latest." ](/news/2016/05/5/major-league-baseball-commissioner-rob-manfred-says-the-decision-whether-the-miami-marlins-and-pittsburgh-pirates-two-game-series-scheduled.md) _Context: Major League Baseball_
8. [MLB announces the Tampa Bay Rays professional baseball team will play an exhibition game with the Cuban National Team on March 22, 2016, in Havana. United States President Barack Obama, who is scheduled to visit the island nation then, is expected to attend. ](/news/2016/03/1/mlb-announces-the-tampa-bay-rays-professional-baseball-team-will-play-an-exhibition-game-with-the-cuban-national-team-on-march-22-2016-in.md) _Context: Major League Baseball_
9. [ In Major League Baseball, Ken Griffey Jr. and Mike Piazza are elected to the Hall of Fame by the Baseball Writers' Association of America. Griffey was named on all but three of the 440 ballots received, surpassing Tom Seaver for the highest voting percentage in Hall history. Griffey and Piazza will be formally inducted on July 24. ](/news/2016/01/6/in-major-league-baseball-ken-griffey-jr-and-mike-piazza-are-elected-to-the-hall-of-fame-by-the-baseball-writers-association-of-america.md) _Context: Major League Baseball_
10. [In Major League Baseball, the Kansas City Royals defeat the New York Mets in the 2015 World Series 4 games to 1. ](/news/2015/11/1/in-major-league-baseball-the-kansas-city-royals-defeat-the-new-york-mets-in-the-2015-world-series-4-games-to-1.md) _Context: Major League Baseball_
