### [2012-10-28](/news/2012/10/28/index.md)

# The Euromillions lottery website is hacked; its homepage is replaced by a Quran passage which condemns gambling. 

The French site of the Euromillions lottery is hacked, with a passage from the Koran discouraging gambling posted on its homepage.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-20118960)

### Related:

1. [Former Jakarta Governor Basuki Tjahaja Purnama, popularly known as "Ahok", is found guilty of blasphemy and sentenced to two years in prison. The accusation that he insulted the Quran sparked large protests last November. ](/news/2017/05/9/former-jakarta-governor-basuki-tjahaja-purnama-popularly-known-as-ahok-is-found-guilty-of-blasphemy-and-sentenced-to-two-years-in-prison.md) _Context: Quran_
2. [Ten gunmen storm the five-star Radisson Blu Hotel in the Malian capital Bamako, taking 170 hostages with at least 27 people killed. The grenade-toting assailants free captives who are able to recite the Quran. The hotel is "often used" by Air France staff. ](/news/2015/11/20/ten-gunmen-storm-the-five-star-radisson-blu-hotel-in-the-malian-capital-bamako-taking-170-hostages-with-at-least-27-people-killed-the-gren.md) _Context: Quran_
3. [The "Washington Post" reports that a US military report into the accidental burning of Qurans at Bagram airfield in Afghanistan that led to widespread protests has found that five US service personnel were involved. ](/news/2012/03/2/the-washington-post-reports-that-a-us-military-report-into-the-accidental-burning-of-qurans-at-bagram-airfield-in-afghanistan-that-led-to.md) _Context: Quran_
4. [Hundreds of Afghans hold violent protests against the alleged burning of Qurans at the Bagram Airbase north of Kabul. ](/news/2012/02/22/hundreds-of-afghans-hold-violent-protests-against-the-alleged-burning-of-qurans-at-the-bagram-airbase-north-of-kabul.md) _Context: Quran_
5. [US General John R. Allen, the head of the International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan commissions an inquiry into allegations that Qurans were burnt at an American Air Force base as Afghans protest. ](/news/2012/02/21/us-general-john-r-allen-the-head-of-the-international-security-assistance-force-in-afghanistan-commissions-an-inquiry-into-allegations-tha.md) _Context: Quran_
6. [A British ticket scoops the largest ever lottery prize in Europe, the GBP161,653,000 EuroMillions jackpot, by securing all five numbers and both Lucky Stars. ](/news/2011/07/12/a-british-ticket-scoops-the-largest-ever-lottery-prize-in-europe-the-agbp161-653-000-euromillions-jackpot-by-securing-all-five-numbers-and.md) _Context: Euromillions_
7. [ Queues build up at vendors as the EuroMillions lottery offers a jackpot of EUR180 million after 11 successive rollovers (statistically expected once in 25 years). Some British vendors report a 1200% increase in sales. EuroMillions tickets are sold in Austria, Belgium. France, Ireland, Luxembourg, Portugal, Spain, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. An Irish woman won EUR115,436,126 last July. ](/news/2006/02/3/queues-build-up-at-vendors-as-the-euromillions-lottery-offers-a-jackpot-of-a-180-million-after-11-successive-rollovers-statistically-expe.md) _Context: Euromillions_
8. [ President of Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, addresses the American Jewish Congress, the first leader of a Muslim nation not recognizing Israel to do so. He broke bread and led salat from the Quran. ](/news/2005/09/18/president-of-pakistan-pervez-musharraf-addresses-the-american-jewish-congress-the-first-leader-of-a-muslim-nation-not-recognizing-israel.md) _Context: Quran_
9. [ Following allegations that the Muslim holy book, the Quran, was urinated on in front of inmates at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, the Bush administration drastically changes its position on the credibility of these reports, and now admits that desecration did in fact occur. (Wikinews)](/news/2005/06/4/following-allegations-that-the-muslim-holy-book-the-quran-was-urinated-on-in-front-of-inmates-at-guantanamo-bay-cuba-the-bush-administr.md) _Context: Quran_
10. [ Guantnamo Bay Qur'an desecration allegations: United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice promises "prompt action" if investigations prove that the Quran was desecrated by U.S. soldiers in Guantnamo Bay, Cuba. The Saudi Arabian government voices its "deep indignation" and has demanded a quick investigation and punishment for the perpetrators if found to be true. Seven people have died in Afghanistan following Anti-American protests in the wake of the allegations. There have also been protests in Pakistan and Indonesia. ](/news/2005/05/13/guantanamo-bay-qur-an-desecration-allegations-united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-promises-prompt-action-if-investigations.md) _Context: Quran_
