### [2008-04-22](/news/2008/04/22/index.md)

#  The United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice says that former President of the United States Jimmy Carter was advised not to hold talks with Hamas. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://africa.reuters.com/wire/news/usnL22821837.html)

### Related:

1. [ Former President of the United States Jimmy Carter reiterates that no person from the United States Department of State ever asked him not to meet with representatives from Hamas or Syria. ](/news/2008/04/23/former-president-of-the-united-states-jimmy-carter-reiterates-that-no-person-from-the-united-states-department-of-state-ever-asked-him-not.md) _Context: Hamas, Jimmy Carter, president_
2. [ United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice says the White House wants to broker a permanent deal between Israel and the Palestinian Authority before President George W. Bush leaves office. ](/news/2007/11/21/united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-says-the-white-house-wants-to-broker-a-permanent-deal-between-israel-and-the-palestinian.md) _Context: Condoleezza Rice, United States Secretary of State, president_
3. [ United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice announces that the Bush administration will cut its security package to the government of the Palestinian National Authority by nearly half in order to ensure that Hamas does not receive funding. ](/news/2007/03/21/united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-announces-that-the-bush-administration-will-cut-its-security-package-to-the-government-of.md) _Context: Condoleezza Rice, Hamas, United States Secretary of State_
4. [Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter announceds that his liver cancer (melanoma) has spread to his brain. In addition to radiation, Carter will be treated with a new drug, Keytruda (pembrolizumab), that boosts the immune system without the debilitating side effects of older treatments. ](/news/2015/08/20/former-u-s-president-jimmy-carter-announceds-that-his-liver-cancer-melanoma-has-spread-to-his-brain-in-addition-to-radiation-carter-wil.md) _Context: Jimmy Carter, president_
5. [Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter, aged 90, announces that recent liver surgery revealed that he is suffering from an as-yet unspecified form of cancer which has spread to other parts of his body. ](/news/2015/08/12/former-u-s-president-jimmy-carter-aged-90-announces-that-recent-liver-surgery-revealed-that-he-is-suffering-from-an-as-yet-unspecified-fo.md) _Context: Jimmy Carter, president_
6. [2014 Israel-Gaza conflict:. A cease fire deal proposed by U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry is rejected by Israel and not commented on by Hamas. Israel agrees to a uni-lateral 12 hour humanitarian ceasefire as negotiations continue. ](/news/2014/07/25/2014-israel-gaza-conflict-a-cease-fire-deal-proposed-by-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-is-rejected-by-israel-and-not-commented-on-by.md) _Context: Hamas, United States Secretary of State_
7. [U.S. President Barack Obama nominates John Kerry to succeed Hillary Clinton as Secretary of State. ](/news/2012/12/21/u-s-president-barack-obama-nominates-john-kerry-to-succeed-hillary-clinton-as-secretary-of-state.md) _Context: United States Secretary of State, president_
8. [U.S. news magazine "Time" selects U.S. President Barack Obama as its 2012 Person of the Year, following on from his 2008 award, and those of his predecessors George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004, Bill Clinton in 1992 and 1998, George H. W. Bush in 1990, Ronald Reagan in 1980 and 1983, Jimmy Carter in 1976, Richard Nixon in 1971 and 1972 and Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 and 1967. ](/news/2012/12/19/u-s-news-magazine-time-selects-u-s-president-barack-obama-as-its-2012-person-of-the-year-following-on-from-his-2008-award-and-those-of.md) _Context: Jimmy Carter, president_
9. [A statue of former President of the United States Ronald Reagan is unveiled at a ceremony outside the American embassy in Grosvenor Square, Central London, opposite a statue of Dwight D. Eisenhower. Those invited include Margaret Thatcher and Condoleezza Rice, while a piece of the Berlin Wall also features. ](/news/2011/07/4/a-statue-of-former-president-of-the-united-states-ronald-reagan-is-unveiled-at-a-ceremony-outside-the-american-embassy-in-grosvenor-square.md) _Context: Condoleezza Rice, president_
10. [Hillary Clinton, the United States Secretary of State, states that she will not serve a second term in President Obama's Cabinet if he is reelected in 2012 and will retire from public life. ](/news/2011/03/16/hillary-clinton-the-united-states-secretary-of-state-states-that-she-will-not-serve-a-second-term-in-president-obama-s-cabinet-if-he-is-re.md) _Context: United States Secretary of State, president_
