### [2003-08-18](/news/2003/08/18/index.md)

#  Terrorists associated with al-Qaida releases a statement in which it claims responsibility for the blackout. The statement says that the group acted on Osama bin Laden's orders.




### Related:

1. [Sulaiman Abu Ghaith, Osama bin Laden's son-in-law, is convicted in New York City of conspiring to kill Americans in his role as spokesman for al-Qaida. ](/news/2014/03/26/sulaiman-abu-ghaith-osama-bin-laden-s-son-in-law-is-convicted-in-new-york-city-of-conspiring-to-kill-americans-in-his-role-as-spokesman-fo.md) _Context: Al Qaida's, Osama bin Laden_
2. [In a second audio recording in 24 hours, Al-Qaida leader Osama bin Laden says Muslim nations haven't done enough to support relief efforts in flood-hit Pakistan. ](/news/2010/10/3/in-a-second-audio-recording-in-24-hours-al-qaida-leader-osama-bin-laden-says-muslim-nations-haven-t-done-enough-to-support-relief-efforts-i.md) _Context: Al Qaida's, Osama bin Laden_
3. [ Salim Hamdan, the former driver for Osama Bin Laden, is convicted of supporting terrorism in the United States in the first military war crimes trial of a terror suspect captured after the September 11, 2001 attacks. ](/news/2008/08/6/salim-hamdan-the-former-driver-for-osama-bin-laden-is-convicted-of-supporting-terrorism-in-the-united-states-in-the-first-military-war-cr.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, terrorism_
4. [ The first terrorism trial of a Guantanamo Bay inmate begins with Salim Ahmed Hamdan, the former driver and bodyguard of Osama bin Laden, pleading not guilty. ](/news/2008/07/21/the-first-terrorism-trial-of-a-guantanamo-bay-inmate-begins-with-salim-ahmed-hamdan-the-former-driver-and-bodyguard-of-osama-bin-laden-pl.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, terrorism_
5. [ The United States government announces that fourteen suspected terrorists are to be transferred to the Guantanamo Bay detainment camp and admits that these suspects have been held in CIA black sites. These people include Khalid Sheik Mohammed, believed to be the No. 3 al-Qaida leader before he was captured in Pakistan in 2003; Ramzi Binalshibh, an alleged would-be 9/11 hijacker; and Abu Zubaydah, who was believed to be a link between Osama bin Laden and many al-Qaida cells before he was also captured in Pakistan in March 2002. ](/news/2006/09/6/the-united-states-government-announces-that-fourteen-suspected-terrorists-are-to-be-transferred-to-the-guantanamo-bay-detainment-camp-and-a.md) _Context: Al Qaida's, Osama bin Laden_
6. [ Seventy suspected Taliban or Al Qaida terrorists are said to have been killed in a Pakistani air raid close to the Pakistan-Afghanistan border. Several civilians are also believed to have been killed. ](/news/2004/09/9/seventy-suspected-taliban-or-al-qaida-terrorists-are-said-to-have-been-killed-in-a-pakistani-air-raid-close-to-the-pakistan-afghanistan-bor.md) _Context: Al Qaida's, terrorism_
7. [ US National Security Advisor Condoleezza Rice testifies before the September 11 Commission. Rice states President George W. Bush understood threat from al-Qaeda before September 11. She asserts "the terrorists were at war with us, but we were not yet at war with them." She also says that President George W. Bush came into office in 2001 determined to develop a "more robust" policy to combat Al-Qaida. The commission asks the White House to declassify a key August 2001 document entitled ""Bin Ladin Determined to Strike in US"". ](/news/2004/04/8/us-national-security-advisor-condoleezza-rice-testifies-before-the-september-11-commission-rice-states-president-george-w-bush-understood.md) _Context: Al Qaida's, Osama bin Laden_
8. [ Abdurahman Khadr, a suspected terrorist, and his family confess on CBC national television that "We are an al-Qaeda family" and that they lived with Osama bin Laden in Afghanistan.](/news/2004/03/3/abdurahman-khadr-a-suspected-terrorist-and-his-family-confess-on-cbc-national-television-that-we-are-an-al-qaeda-family-and-that-they-l.md) _Context: Al Qaida's, Osama bin Laden_
9. [ U.S. forces launch new offensive aimed at the Taliban and al-Qaeda and the capture of Osama bin Laden and Mullah Omar in Afghanistan. ](/news/2004/03/13/u-s-forces-launch-new-offensive-aimed-at-the-taliban-and-al-qaeda-and-the-capture-of-osama-bin-laden-and-mullah-omar-in-afghanistan.md) _Context: Al Qaida's, Osama bin Laden_
10. [ Terrorism: Pakistan dismisses and condemns al-Qaida terrorist network threat against President Pervez Musharraf, saying the war against terrorism will continue. Pakistan Foreign Ministry spokesman Masood Khan states (in Islamabad) Pakistan will not be deterred by such threats. The identity of the speaker on the audio tape or the authenticity of the tape has not been verified. The message was attributed to al-Qaida's second-ranking leader, Ayman al-Zawahri, and was aired on Al Jazeera and Al-Arabiya.](/news/2003/09/29/terrorism-pakistan-dismisses-and-condemns-al-qaida-terrorist-network-threat-against-president-pervez-musharraf-saying-the-war-against-ter.md) _Context: Al Qaida's, terrorism_
