### [2017-10-5](/news/2017/10/5/index.md)

# The Trump administration, through the Department of Justice, reverses an Obama-era policy which used Title VII of the Civil Rights Act to protect transgender employees from discrimination. 




### Source:

1. [CBS News](https://www.cbsnews.com/news/sessions-doj-reverses-obama-era-transgender-work-protections/)
1. [Cover Image](https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/2017/06/13/56a09265-26bb-4f5f-8ac5-03debcff666d/sessions2.jpg)

### Related:

1. [A Trump administration executive order reverses an Obamacare policy which mandated that employers and insurers provide their employees with birth control, regardless of one's "religious beliefs" or "moral convictions". ](/news/2017/10/6/a-trump-administration-executive-order-reverses-an-obamacare-policy-which-mandated-that-employers-and-insurers-provide-their-employees-with.md) _Context: List of executive actions by Donald Trump, Trump administration_
2. [The United States Education and Justice Departments advise U.S. public school districts across the country to allow transgender students to use the bathrooms that match their gender identity, rather than their gender at birth. The new guidance comes as Justice and North Carolina battle in federal court over the state's new so-called bathroom bill. ](/news/2016/05/13/the-united-states-education-and-justice-departments-advise-u-s-public-school-districts-across-the-country-to-allow-transgender-students-to.md) _Context: Department of Justice, transgender_
3. [The U.S. Department of Education's Office for Civil Rights (OCR) issues a two-year investigative report finding the Palatine, Illinois, school district unfairly denied a transgender teenager -- who was undergoing hormone therapy but had not undergone gender reassignment surgery -- access to school facilities in violation of Title IX, that bars discrimination in federally funded education programs, causing her "isolation," "ostracism" and at least one "tearful breakdown." The school district has 30 days to reach an agreement with authorities or risk losing up to $6 million in federal funding and case-referral to the Department of Justice. The "Washington Post" report called this "The Palatine standoff". ](/news/2015/11/3/the-u-s-department-of-educationas-office-for-civil-rights-ocr-issues-a-two-year-investigative-report-finding-the-palatine-illinois-sc.md) _Context: Department of Justice, transgender_
4. [Unnamed White House officials believe White House Chief of Staff John F. Kelly's personal cellphone was hacked, possibly since December 2016. Kelly was Secretary of Homeland Security from January 20 to July 31, 2017, when he moved to his current position. ](/news/2017/10/6/unnamed-white-house-officials-believe-white-house-chief-of-staff-john-f-kelly-s-personal-cellphone-was-hacked-possibly-since-december-2016.md) _Context: Trump administration_
5. [U.S. President Donald Trump signs an executive order allowing the sale of health insurance plans that are exempt from some Obamacare regulations including purchases effective across state lines. The order seeks consumer optimum pricing through market competition. The order does not replace Obamacare. ](/news/2017/10/12/u-s-president-donald-trump-signs-an-executive-order-allowing-the-sale-of-health-insurance-plans-that-are-exempt-from-some-obamacare-regulat.md) _Context: List of executive actions by Donald Trump_

### Changes:

1. [The Department of Justice reverses an Obama-era policy which applied Title VII of the Civil Rights Act to disallow discrimination of transgender employees. ](/news/2017/10/5/the-department-of-justice-reverses-an-obama-era-policy-which-applied-title-vii-of-the-civil-rights-act-to-disallow-discrimination-of-transge.md) _2017-10-05 21:30:07 (First version)_
2. [The Department of Justice, reverses an Obama-era policy which applied Title VII of the Civil Rights Act to disallow discrimination of transgender employees. ](/news/2017/10/5/the-department-of-justice-reverses-an-obama-era-policy-which-applied-title-vii-of-the-civil-rights-act-to-disallow-discrimination-of-transg.md) _2017-10-05 23:30:07 (Update)_
3. [The Trump administration, through the Department of Justice, reverses an Obama-era policy which applied Title VII of the Civil Rights Act to disallow discrimination of transgender employees. ](/news/2017/10/5/the-trump-administration-through-the-department-of-justice-reverses-an-obama-era-policy-which-applied-title-vii-of-the-civil-rights-act-to.md) _2017-10-06 03:57:03 (Update)_
4. [The Department of Justice reverses an Obama-era policy which used Title VII of the Civil Rights Act to protect transgender employees from discrimination. ](/news/2017/10/5/the-department-of-justice-reverses-an-obama-era-policy-which-used-title-vii-of-the-civil-rights-act-to-protect-transgender-employees-from-di.md) _2017-10-07 21:30:07 (Update)_
5. [The Department of Justice, reverses an Obama-era policy which used Title VII of the Civil Rights Act to protect transgender employees from discrimination. ](/news/2017/10/5/the-department-of-justice-reverses-an-obama-era-policy-which-used-title-vii-of-the-civil-rights-act-to-protect-transgender-employees-from-d.md) _2017-10-13 20:30:04 (Update)_
5. [The Trump administration, through the Department of Justice, reverses an Obama-era policy which used Title VII of the Civil Rights Act to protect transgender employees from discrimination. ](/news/2017/10/5/the-trump-administration-through-the-department-of-justice-reverses-an-obama-era-policy-which-used-title-vii-of-the-civil-rights-act-to-pr.md) _(Current version)_
