### [2007-10-23](/news/2007/10/23/index.md)

#  Pakistani Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz rejects a demand for a probe by foreign experts in recent Karachi suicide bombings.date=December 2007 




### Related:

1. [ Gunmen attack a party office of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto in Karachi, Pakistan, killing three supporters. ](/news/2007/12/8/gunmen-attack-a-party-office-of-former-prime-minister-benazir-bhutto-in-karachi-pakistan-killing-three-supporters.md) _Context: Karachi, Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
2. [ Return of Benazir Bhutto: Former Prime Minister of Pakistan Benazir Bhutto returns to Pakistan after eight years of self-exile, with a crowd of a million expected in Karachi to welcome her back. ](/news/2007/10/18/return-of-benazir-bhutto-p-former-prime-minister-of-pakistan-benazir-bhutto-returns-to-pakistan-after-eight-years-of-self-exile-with-a-cro.md) _Context: Karachi, Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
3. [Pakistan's opposition interrupts Parliament's scheduled session demanding   Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif resign during the investigation of his finances, per Thursday's Supreme Court ruling. ](/news/2017/04/21/pakistan-s-opposition-interrupts-parliament-s-scheduled-session-demanding-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-resign-during-the-investigation-of-h.md) _Context: Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
4. [An Afghan diplomat is shot dead at the Afghan consulate in Karachi, Pakistan. ](/news/2017/02/6/an-afghan-diplomat-is-shot-dead-at-the-afghan-consulate-in-karachi-pakistan.md) _Context: Karachi, Pakistan_
5. [At least 22 people have been killed and 65 injured following a collision of the Bahauddin Zakaria Express  with a stationary train at Juma Goth Train station, Karachi, Pakistan. ](/news/2016/11/3/at-least-22-people-have-been-killed-and-65-injured-following-a-collision-of-the-bahauddin-zakaria-express-with-a-stationary-train-at-juma-g.md) _Context: Karachi, Pakistan_
6. [Five people are killed and several other civilians injured as armed terrorists, targeting Shia Muslims, open fire on participants of a Majlis at a home in the Nazimabad district of Karachi, Pakistan. ](/news/2016/10/29/five-people-are-killed-and-several-other-civilians-injured-as-armed-terrorists-targeting-shia-muslims-open-fire-on-participants-of-a-majli.md) _Context: Karachi, Pakistan_
7. [ A Pakistani police officer accidentally detonates a grenade in an anti-terrorism court in Karachi, injuring himself and a court assistant. The officer was attempting to demonstrate a grenade detonator to a judge and said the grenade was defused before pulling the pin. ](/news/2016/04/12/a-pakistani-police-officer-accidentally-detonates-a-grenade-in-an-anti-terrorism-court-in-karachi-injuring-himself-and-a-court-assistant.md) _Context: Karachi, Pakistan_
8. [Former President Pervez Musharraf travels to Dubai for medical treatment of his back and leg, before moving on to either the U.S. or U.K. for additional treatment, spokesperson Aasia Ishaque said. Musharraf, 72, will return to Pakistan to face all pending legal cases. Earlier this week, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's government implemented the Supreme Court ruling, and lifted the 2013 ban that barred  Musharraf from international trips. ](/news/2016/03/18/former-president-pervez-musharraf-travels-to-dubai-for-medical-treatment-of-his-back-and-leg-before-moving-on-to-either-the-u-s-or-u-k-fo.md) _Context: Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
9. [Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi is met by Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif  at Allama Iqbal International Airport in Lahore for a two-hour meeting. Modi's surprise stopover is the first since Indian Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee visited Pakistan in 2004.  ](/news/2015/12/25/indian-prime-minister-narendra-modi-is-met-by-pakistani-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-at-allama-iqbal-international-airport-in-lahore-for-a-t.md) _Context: Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
10. [At least 13 people are killed as a rockslide hits shanties in the Gulistan-i-Jauhar in the Pakistani city of Karachi. ](/news/2015/10/13/at-least-13-people-are-killed-as-a-rockslide-hits-shanties-in-the-gulistan-i-jauhar-in-the-pakistani-city-of-karachi.md) _Context: Karachi, Pakistan_
