### [2003-08-14](/news/2003/08/14/index.md)

#  6.4 Richter scale earthquake near the Greek Ionian island of Lefkada - 24 injured




### Related:

1. [The Meteorological, Climatological and Geophysical Agency of Indonesia (BMKG) and the Australian Bureau of Meteorology (BOM) issue tsunami warnings, after an undersea 7.9 magnitude earthquake strikes southwest of Sumatra, in the Indian Ocean. ](/news/2016/03/2/the-meteorological-climatological-and-geophysical-agency-of-indonesia-bmkg-and-the-australian-bureau-of-meteorology-bom-issue-tsunami-w.md) _Context: earthquake, magnitude_
2. [A 6.5-magnitude earthquake strikes southwest of Ioannina in Greece, at a depth of 6.2 mi killing at least two people. The quake damages the main road in the southwestern part of Lefkada. ](/news/2015/11/17/a-6-5-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-southwest-of-ioannina-in-greece-at-a-depth-of-6-2-mi-killing-at-least-two-people-the-quake-damages-the.md) _Context: Lefkada, earthquake_
3. [2013 Bushehr earthquake: A 6.1-magnitude earthquake rocks the Iranian towns of Khvormuj, Bandar Deyr and Kangan, killing 37 people and injuring over 850, and was felt as far as Bahrain. ](/news/2013/04/9/2013-bushehr-earthquake-a-6-1amagnitude-earthquake-rocks-the-iranian-towns-of-khvormuj-bandar-deyr-and-kangan-killing-37-people-and-inj.md) _Context: earthquake, magnitude_
4. [2013 Lushan earthquake: An earthquake of 7.0 magnitude strikes Lushan County, Sichuan province, China, with the latest estimate showing 193 people dead, 24 missing and 11,826 injured. ](/news/2013/04/20/2013-lushan-earthquake-an-earthquake-of-7-0-magnitude-strikes-lushan-county-sichuan-province-china-with-the-latest-estimate-showing-193.md) _Context: earthquake, magnitude_
5. [At least 37 people are dead after a 7.8 magnitude earthquake strikes with its epicenter below Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran, near the border with Pakistan. Tremors are felt throughout the Middle East, Pakistan and North India, and hundreds of deaths are expected by the Iran government. ](/news/2013/04/16/at-least-37-people-are-dead-after-a-7-8-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-with-its-epicenter-below-khash-county-sistan-and-baluchestan-province.md) _Context: earthquake, magnitude_
6. [An earthquake estimated at a magnitude of 6.0 hits Kobe, Japan, injuring at least 22 people. ](/news/2013/04/13/an-earthquake-estimated-at-a-magnitude-of-6-0-hits-kobe-japan-injuring-at-least-22-people.md) _Context: earthquake, magnitude_
7. [2013 Nantou earthquake: At least one person is killed and 19 others are injured when a 6.0-magnitude earthquake strikes near Taipei, Taiwan, causing a fire and shaking buildings. ](/news/2013/03/27/2013-nantou-earthquake-at-least-one-person-is-killed-and-19-others-are-injured-when-a-6-0-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-near-taipei-taiwan.md) _Context: earthquake, magnitude_
8. [2013 Narino earthquake: A magnitude 6.9 earthquake strikes southwest Colombia causing major disruption to the region and injuring at least 8 people. ](/news/2013/02/9/2013-naria-o-earthquake-a-magnitude-6-9-earthquake-strikes-southwest-colombia-causing-major-disruption-to-the-region-and-injuring-at-least.md) _Context: earthquake, magnitude_
9. [2013 Solomon Islands earthquake: The death toll from a magnitude 8.0 earthquake and subsequent tsunami in the Solomon Islands rises to nine, while government officials express fear regarding remote areas where emergency personnel are arriving. ](/news/2013/02/7/2013-solomon-islands-earthquake-the-death-toll-from-a-magnitude-8-0-earthquake-and-subsequent-tsunami-in-the-solomon-islands-rises-to-nine.md) _Context: earthquake, magnitude_
10. [A tsunami warning is issued for a wide range of islands in the South Pacific after a magnitude 8.0 earthquake occurs off the coast of the Solomon Islands. ](/news/2013/02/6/a-tsunami-warning-is-issued-for-a-wide-range-of-islands-in-the-south-pacific-after-a-magnitude-8-0-earthquake-occurs-off-the-coast-of-the-so.md) _Context: earthquake, magnitude_
