### [2003-08-14](/news/2003/08/14/index.md)

#  A major power outage due to a power grid failure affects more than 50 million people in the northeast of North America, including New York City, New Jersey, Cleveland, Ottawa, Toronto and Detroit [http://abcnews.go.com/sections/us/DailyNews/power_outage030814.html ABC] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/3152451.stm BBC] [http://www.cnn.com/2003/US/08/14/power.outage/index.html CNN]. According to U.S. authorities, the cause is still unclear; according to the Canadian Department of National Defense, the chain reaction was started by a lightning strike in the Niagara Falls region on the U.S. side of the border. A press release with some technical details of the event is available at. The NRC reports that all nine affected nuclear power plants have been safely shut down.




### Related:

1. [ Major blackout: Power is now restored in New York City, Toronto, and most of Ottawa. Authorities warn of possible future disruptions and advise conservation as work continues to restore power to the entire grid. Theories as to the cause of the event, meanwhile, are becoming more substantial and coherent.](/news/2003/08/16/major-blackout-power-is-now-restored-in-new-york-city-toronto-and-most-of-ottawa-authorities-warn-of-possible-future-disruptions-and-ad.md) _Context: North American blackout, Ottawa, Toronto_
2. [An earthquake occurs 56 kilometres north-northeast of Ottawa, registering a 5.0 on the Richter scale. Slight damage was reported near the epicenter, and the tremor was felt in Sudbury, Windsor, Ann Arbor, Detroit, Toronto, Milwaukee, Northern Pennsylvania, Ohio and New York State. ](/news/2010/06/23/an-earthquake-occurs-56-kilometres-north-northeast-of-ottawa-registering-a-5-0-on-the-richter-scale-slight-damage-was-reported-near-the-ep.md) _Context: Ottawa, Toronto_
3. [ A mass mobilization pulls together global protests against the Iraq war in cities around the world, including Tokyo, Moscow, Paris, London, Montreal, Ottawa, Toronto, Cologne, Bonn, Gothenburg, Istanbul and Cairo. NION and ANSWER hold protests in Washington, D.C. and San Francisco, California.](/news/2003/01/18/a-mass-mobilization-pulls-together-global-protests-against-the-iraq-war-in-cities-around-the-world-including-tokyo-moscow-paris-london.md) _Context: Ottawa, Toronto_
4. [Amid a budget crisis, Governor Chris Christie shuts down the state government of New Jersey. ](/news/2017/07/1/amid-a-budget-crisis-governor-chris-christie-shuts-down-the-state-government-of-new-jersey.md) _Context: New Jersey_
5. [American voters in the state of New Jersey select party candidates to succeed term-limited incumbent Republican Chris Christie. Democrat Phil Murphy and Republican Kim Guadagno win nominations their parties' nominations. ](/news/2017/06/6/american-voters-in-the-state-of-new-jersey-select-party-candidates-to-succeed-term-limited-incumbent-republican-chris-christie-democrat-phi.md) _Context: New Jersey_
6. [Newark Liberty International Airport in northern New Jersey is closed for almost two hours after flames are spotted coming from a United Airlines Boeing 757 jet engine. All 124 passengers and seven crew members safely evacuate the plane. ](/news/2017/05/23/newark-liberty-international-airport-in-northern-new-jersey-is-closed-for-almost-two-hours-after-flames-are-spotted-coming-from-a-united-air.md) _Context: New Jersey_
7. [A Philadelphia-originating Learjet crashes in Carlstadt as it approached Teterboro Airport in New Jersey, killing at least two people. ](/news/2017/05/15/a-philadelphia-originating-learjet-crashes-in-carlstadt-as-it-approached-teterboro-airport-in-new-jersey-killing-at-least-two-people.md) _Context: New Jersey_
8. [A commuter train accident at the Hoboken Terminal in New Jersey leaves one woman dead and 114 others injured. Major structural damage occurs to the station with portions of the roof collapsed. ](/news/2016/09/29/a-commuter-train-accident-at-the-hoboken-terminal-in-new-jersey-leaves-one-woman-dead-and-114-others-injured-major-structural-damage-occurs.md) _Context: New Jersey_
9. [Three people are killed and two are injured after a crossbow attack in Scarborough, Toronto. A suspicious package was also found in another linked event.](/news/2016/08/25/three-people-are-killed-and-two-are-injured-after-a-crossbow-attack-in-scarborough-toronto-a-suspicious-package-was-also-found-in-another.md) _Context: Toronto_
10. [A road collapse at a major intersection near the Canadian Parliament in Ottawa, Ontario, forces evacuation of a mall, a hotel, the Shaw Convention Centre, and a book store because of the smell of gas. Power and water are now shut off. ](/news/2016/06/8/a-road-collapse-at-a-major-intersection-near-the-canadian-parliament-in-ottawa-ontario-forces-evacuation-of-a-mall-a-hotel-the-shaw-conv.md) _Context: Ottawa_
