### [2003-08-14](/news/2003/08/14/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel frees another 76 prisoners, a week after releasing more than 300 people. Israel argues that it is a gesture of goodwill and in accordance with agreements. The Palestinian authority disagrees and says that most not arrested for terrorist activities, and that it was the people arrested for the latter that Israel originally agreed to release. Palestinian officials want the release of 6000 prisoners, many of whom it claims were wrongly arrested, to obtain public support for the US-backed road map for peace.




### Related:

1. [ The British Foreign Minister Jack Straw comments on Israeli actions in the Gaza Strip, saying that the United Kingdom "unreservedly condemns all acts of terrorism including the firing of Qassam rockets", but that "Israel has an obligation under international law to ensure that its response to terrorism is proportionate to the threat it faces, as well as a duty to avoid innocent civilian casualties", and that "&#91;Israel&#93; is not meeting those obligations". ](/news/2004/10/13/the-british-foreign-minister-jack-straw-comments-on-israeli-actions-in-the-gaza-strip-saying-that-the-united-kingdom-unreservedly-condemn.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, terrorism_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel says that the United Nations resolution on Yasser Arafat (passed 133-4 with 15 abstentions) "is meaningless. It is only a declaration and not legally binding." Yasser Arafat states it is of the "utmost importance" as a sign of international support for the Palestinians. Israel states Palestinians should focus their energy on fighting terrorism. Israel also insists that a new government being formed by incoming Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia cut links to Arafat. Israel says Arafat is tainted by terrorism. Qureia's criticism of United States policy is the strongest sign yet he does not plan to challenge Arafat.](/news/2003/09/20/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-says-that-the-united-nations-resolution-on-yasser-arafat-passed-133a4-with-15-abstentions-is-mean.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, terrorism_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Palestinian militants and the Israeli Government vow to continue attacks on each other after the terrorist attacks and bloodshed. Hamas and Islamic Jihad release an official joint statement on their participation ending in the peace plan. They urge militant cells in Palestine to strike. Israeli security officials state this is ""only the beginning"" of responses to Palestinian attacks.](/news/2003/08/22/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-militants-and-the-israeli-government-vow-to-continue-attacks-on-each-other-after-the-terrorist-at.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, terrorism_
4. [ A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-two-other-passengers-are-injured-a-pa.md) _Context: Israel, terrorism_
5. [Israel charges a UN administrative manager of being a Hamas-linked operative from Gaza. ](/news/2016/08/9/israel-charges-a-un-administrative-manager-of-being-a-hamas-linked-operative-from-gaza.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
6. [Israel claims its forces shot dead five Palestinian attackers in three separate incidents. ](/news/2016/02/14/israel-claims-its-forces-shot-dead-five-palestinian-attackers-in-three-separate-incidents.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
7. [Palestinians carried out three stabbing attacks against Israeli citizens and police in Jerusalem today with two of the attackers shot dead as the wave of violence continues, police said. There have been a series of stabbing attacks in Israel and the West Bank in recent days that have wounded several Israelis; nine attackers have been shot dead. Also, at least 16 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli forces during/after violent demonstrations in the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2015/10/12/palestinians-carried-out-three-stabbing-attacks-against-israeli-citizens-and-police-in-jerusalem-today-with-two-of-the-attackers-shot-dead-a.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
8. [President Obama gives a speech in support of the Arab Spring during which he states that the solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict must include Israel reverting its borders back to the pre-1967 borders.](/news/2011/05/19/president-obama-gives-a-speech-in-support-of-the-arab-spring-during-which-he-states-that-the-solution-to-the-israeli-palestinian-conflict-mu.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
9. [The Israeli Knesset approves an amendment to the Nationality Law in a 37-11 vote. The amendment empowers the Israeli court system to revoke the citizenships of Israeli citizens convicted of terrorism, aiding the enemy in wartime, causing war, serving in enemy forces or espionage.](/news/2011/03/29/the-israeli-knesset-approves-an-amendment-to-the-nationality-law-in-a-37-11-vote-the-amendment-empowers-the-israeli-court-system-to-revoke.md) _Context: Israel, terrorism_
10. [ The Israel Police kill a Palestinian militant after he rammed a bulldozer into a squad car and a bus in a suspected terror attack in Jerusalem. ](/news/2009/03/5/the-israel-police-kill-a-palestinian-militant-after-he-rammed-a-bulldozer-into-a-squad-car-and-a-bus-in-a-suspected-terror-attack-in-jerusa.md) _Context: Israel, terrorism_
