### [2003-08-14](/news/2003/08/14/index.md)

#  Terrorism: Hambali, an important leader of Jemaah Islamiyah, is in U.S. custody after being captured in Thailand.




### Related:

1. [ A powerful car bomb explodes outside the Marriott Hotel, killing at least fourteen people and injuring about 150 in downtown Jakarta, a popular district for foreigners. It is believed to be a suicide bombing. The blast comes two days before a Bali court was due to deliver the verdict of the first suspect of the 2002 Bali terrorist bombing and four days after President Megawati Sukarnoputri vowed to wipe out terrorist networks in Indonesia. Jemaah Islamiyah claimed responsibility for the attack through a Singapore newspaper.](/news/2003/08/5/a-powerful-car-bomb-explodes-outside-the-marriott-hotel-killing-at-least-fourteen-people-and-injuring-about-150-in-downtown-jakarta-a-pop.md) _Context: Jemaah Islamiyah, terrorism_
2. [ Terrorist: Terrorism group Jemaah Islamiyah has schemes, revealed in a 40-page manifesto (the Pupji book or "General Guide to the Struggle of Jemaah Islamiyah"), for a suicide bombing campaign designed to change Asia and the Pacific region into Islamic provinces. Jemaah Islamiyah is also shown to be a well-formed organization with a constitution, rules of operation, and leadership structure.](/news/2003/08/31/terrorist-terrorism-group-jemaah-islamiyah-has-schemes-revealed-in-a-40-page-manifesto-the-pupji-book-or-general-guide-to-the-struggle.md) _Context: Jemaah Islamiyah, terrorism_
3. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: terrorism_
4. [ A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-two-other-passengers-are-injured-a-pa.md) _Context: terrorism_
5. [German police shoot a man, who was trying to escape after apparently driving into a group of pedestrians in a central square in Heidelberg. A 73-year-old man was killed and two other people injured. Police do not believe terrorism is involved. ](/news/2017/02/25/german-police-shoot-a-man-who-was-trying-to-escape-after-apparently-driving-into-a-group-of-pedestrians-in-a-central-square-in-heidelberg.md) _Context: terrorism_
