### [2012-05-16](/news/2012/05/16/index.md)

# The trial of former Bosnian Serb Army Colonel General Ratko Mladic starts in the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in The Hague, Netherlands. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2012/05/16/world/europe/netherlands-mladic-trial/index.html?hpt=hp_t2)

### Related:

1. [The trial of former Bosnian Serb Army Colonel General Ratko Mladic is deferred indefinitely due to errors by prosecutors in disclosing evidence to the defence. ](/news/2012/05/17/the-trial-of-former-bosnian-serb-army-colonel-general-ratko-mladia-is-deferred-indefinitely-due-to-errors-by-prosecutors-in-disclosing-evid.md) _Context: Army, Bosnian Serb, Colonel General, Ratko Mladic_
2. [Trial of Ratko Mladic in The Hague:: Former Bosnian Serb Colonel General Ratko Mladic is scheduled to enter a plea on charges of genocide in the Srebrenica massacre during the Bosnian war at a United Nations war crimes court. ](/news/2011/07/4/trial-of-ratko-mladia-in-the-hague-former-bosnian-serb-colonel-general-ratko-mladia-is-scheduled-to-enter-a-plea-on-charges-of-genocide.md) _Context: Bosnian Serb, Colonel General, Ratko Mladic, The Hague_
3. [Serbia's war crimes court rejects an appeal from former Bosnian Serb Colonel General Ratko Mladic against a transfer to a United Nations tribunal in The Hague to face genocide charges. ](/news/2011/05/31/serbia-s-war-crimes-court-rejects-an-appeal-from-former-bosnian-serb-colonel-general-ratko-mladia-against-a-transfer-to-a-united-nations-tr.md) _Context: Bosnian Serb, Colonel General, Ratko Mladic, The Hague_
4. [Bosnian Serb genocide suspect Ratko Mladic makes his first appearance at the war crimes tribunal in The Hague, Netherlands, and dismisses charges against him as "obnoxious." ](/news/2011/06/3/bosnian-serb-genocide-suspect-ratko-mladia-makes-his-first-appearance-at-the-war-crimes-tribunal-in-the-hague-netherlands-and-dismisses-c.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Ratko Mladic, The Hague_
5. [The trial of former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic resumes at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2010/09/27/the-trial-of-former-bosnian-serb-leader-radovan-karada3-4ia-resumes-at-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-in-the-h.md) _Context: Bosnian Serb, International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, The Hague_
6. [ Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic is flown to The Hague to face a trial in the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia. ](/news/2008/07/30/bosnian-serb-leader-radovan-karada3-4ia-is-flown-to-the-hague-to-face-a-trial-in-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslav.md) _Context: Bosnian Serb, International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, The Hague_
7. [ The trial of seven former Bosnian Serb officers for alleged involvement in the Srebrenica massacre begins at The Hague war crimes tribunal. Five of the seven standing trial face genocide charges, as well as crimes against humanity. The trial is the largest yet staged at The Hague. ](/news/2006/07/14/the-trial-of-seven-former-bosnian-serb-officers-for-alleged-involvement-in-the-srebrenica-massacre-begins-at-the-hague-war-crimes-tribunal.md) _Context: Bosnian Serb, International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, The Hague_
8. [ Former Bosnian Serb Army General Ratko Mladic, wanted by the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia in The Hague in connection with the massacre of 8,000 men and boys on July 11, 1995, in Srebrenica, has been reported by Belgrade's Studio B TV to have been arrested. The Serbian government has denied the capture, decrying the report as "manipulation which damages the government". ](/news/2006/02/21/former-bosnian-serb-army-general-ratko-mladia-wanted-by-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-in-the-hague-in-con.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Ratko Mladic, The Hague_
9. [The war crime convictions of Momcilo Perisic are overturned by a war crimes tribunal in The Hague. The Serbian general had been convicted and sentenced in 2011 for atrocities perpetrated both during wars in Croatia and Bosnia. ](/news/2013/02/28/the-war-crime-convictions-of-momailo-peria-ia-are-overturned-by-a-war-crimes-tribunal-in-the-hague-the-serbian-general-had-been-convicted.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, The Hague_
10. [Former Bosnian intelligence chief Zdravko Tolimir, believed to be a top aide to Ratko Mladic, is sentenced to life imprisonment by ICTY for his role in the Srebrenica massacre. ](/news/2012/12/13/former-bosnian-intelligence-chief-zdravko-tolimir-believed-to-be-a-top-aide-to-ratko-mladia-is-sentenced-to-life-imprisonment-by-icty-for.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Ratko Mladic_
