### [2016-05-18](/news/2016/05/18/index.md)

# A United States Air Force B-52 Stratofortress crashes at Andersen Air Force Base on Guam. All seven aircrew members escaped. No injuries have been reported. 

A B-52 crashed around 8:30 a.m. Thursday on Andersen AFB&#39;s flight line. 


### Source:

1. [Pacific Daily News](http://www.guampdn.com/story/news/2016/05/18/downed-aircraft-reported-andersen-air-force-base-gfd-responding/84564970/)

### Related:

1. [2016 North Korean nuclear test. A single United States Air Force B-52 long-range strategic bomber makes a low-level flight over South Korea, close to the Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ), in a show of force following North Korea's fourth nuclear test on January 6, before returning to its base in Guam. ](/news/2016/01/10/2016-north-korean-nuclear-test-a-single-united-states-air-force-b-52-long-range-strategic-bomber-makes-a-low-level-flight-over-south-korea.md) _Context: Air Force, American B-52 strategic bomber, Guam_
2. [Military intervention against ISIL. The United States Air Force deploys B-52 bombers to Al Udeid Air Base in Qatar to join operations against ISIL in Syria and Iraq. This is the first time they have been stationed in the Middle East since the end of the Gulf War in 1991. ](/news/2016/04/9/military-intervention-against-isil-the-united-states-air-force-deploys-b-52-bombers-to-al-udeid-air-base-in-qatar-to-join-operations-agains.md) _Context: Air Force, American B-52 strategic bomber_
3. [The United States Air Force unveils the Northrop Grumman B-21 long-range strategic bomber at the Air Force Association-s annual Air Warfare Symposium in Orlando, Florida. The B-21 is designed to replace the aging fleet of B-1 Lancer and B-52 bombers. ](/news/2016/02/26/the-united-states-air-force-unveils-the-northrop-grumman-b-21-long-range-strategic-bomber-at-the-air-force-association-s-annual-air-warfar.md) _Context: Air Force, American B-52 strategic bomber_
4. [ A United States Air Force B-52 bomber crashes near Guam in the western Pacific Ocean. ](/news/2008/07/21/a-united-states-air-force-b-52-bomber-crashes-near-guam-in-the-western-pacific-ocean.md) _Context: Air Force, Guam_
5. [ A United States Air Force B-2 Spirit stealth bomber crashes at Anderson Air Force Base on Guam. The two pilots ejected, with one hospitalized. It is the first B-2 to crash. ](/news/2008/02/22/a-united-states-air-force-b-2-spirit-stealth-bomber-crashes-at-anderson-air-force-base-on-guam-the-two-pilots-ejected-with-one-hospitaliz.md) _Context: Air Force, Guam_
6. [Space launch market competition. United Launch Alliance says it was not given an opportunity to bid against rival SpaceX for the upcoming launch of the U.S. Air Force miniature X-37B space plane. The Air Force declined to comment. ](/news/2017/06/9/space-launch-market-competition-united-launch-alliance-says-it-was-not-given-an-opportunity-to-bid-against-rival-spacex-for-the-upcoming-la.md) _Context: Air Force_
7. [Russia-United States relations. A Russian SU-27 fighter jet intercepts an American B-52 strategic bomber that was flying over international waters of the Baltic Sea parallel to the Russian border, and escorts the B-52 until it flew away from the border area. The United States military confirmed that the US Air Force B-52 was operating in international airspace, but had no further comment about the incident. ](/news/2017/06/6/russia-united-states-relations-a-russian-su-27-fighter-jet-intercepts-an-american-b-52-strategic-bomber-that-was-flying-over-internationa.md) _Context: American B-52 strategic bomber_
8. [The United States Air Force's unmanned spacecraft X-37B successfully lands at Kennedy Space Center's Shuttle Landing Facility in Merritt Island, Florida, after spending a record-breaking 718 days in orbit. The landing was responsible for reports of sonic booms across central Florida. ](/news/2017/05/7/the-united-states-air-force-s-unmanned-spacecraft-x-37b-successfully-lands-at-kennedy-space-center-s-shuttle-landing-facility-in-merritt-isl.md) _Context: Air Force_
9. [A USAF F-16 crashes shortly after takeoff from Joint Base Andrews in Prince George's County, Maryland. The pilot inside ejected safely and was taken to a local hospital with non-life threatening injuries. ](/news/2017/04/5/a-usaf-f-16-crashes-shortly-after-takeoff-from-joint-base-andrews-in-prince-george-s-county-maryland-the-pilot-inside-ejected-safely-and-w.md) _Context: Air Force_
10. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). April 2017 Nangarhar airstrike. The United States Air Force drops the GBU-43/B Massive Ordnance Air Blast in Nangarhar Province, Afghanistan, reportedly on an ISIL complex of tunnels and caves. This is the first use of the weapon on the battlefield. ](/news/2017/04/13/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-april-2017-nangarhar-airstrike-the-united-states-air-force-drops-the-gbu-43-b-massive-ordnance-air-bla.md) _Context: Air Force_
