### [2016-05-18](/news/2016/05/18/index.md)

# Amid a state of emergency, Venezuelan police clash and fire tear gas at protesters calling for the downfall of socialist president Nicolas Maduro in central Caracas. The protests come a day after Maduro warned that the opposition-controlled National Assembly may soon "disappear". 

Wednesday’s protests in Caracas came the day after Maduro said the opposition-controlled parliament had become irrelevant amid a shrinking economy


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/may/18/venezuela-police-fire-teargas-protesters-crisis)

### Related:

1. [Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro orders the seizure of factories that have stopped production and the jailing of their owners amid a nationwide state of emergency. During a speech to pro-government supporters in Caracas, he said the country had to recover the means of production, to counter its deep economic crisis. He also said military exercises would take place next weekend to counter "foreign threats". ](/news/2016/05/14/venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-orders-the-seizure-of-factories-that-have-stopped-production-and-the-jailing-of-their-owners-amid-a-nat.md) _Context: 2016 state of emergency in Venezuela, Caracas, Nicolas Maduro, President_
2. [Protests erupt in various cities of Venezuela as the country faces increased food and power shortages, forcing the government to ration them, leading to widespread looting and violence. According to the opposition, who control the National Assembly, over a million people support its bid to start a referendum on ousting President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/04/29/protests-erupt-in-various-cities-of-venezuela-as-the-country-faces-increased-food-and-power-shortages-forcing-the-government-to-ration-them.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests, National Assembly, Nicolas Maduro, President_
3. [The new Constituent Assembly votes to remove Attorney General Luisa Ortega Diaz, a prominent critic of President Nicolas Maduro, from her post. The move comes hours after troops from the National Guard surrounded her home in Caracas. ](/news/2017/08/5/the-new-constituent-assembly-votes-to-remove-attorney-general-luisa-ortega-daaz-a-prominent-critic-of-president-nicola-s-maduro-from-her.md) _Context: Caracas, Nicolas Maduro, President_
4. [Venezuelans continue their march against President Nicolas Maduro with thousands flocking into the streets of Caracas for a second day. ](/news/2017/04/20/venezuelans-continue-their-march-against-president-nicola-s-maduro-with-thousands-flocking-into-the-streets-of-caracas-for-a-second-day.md) _Context: Caracas, Nicolas Maduro, President_
5. [Venezuelan security forces clash with opposition demonstrators in the so-called "Mother of All Marches" against President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas. Two students and a National Guard sergeant are shot dead. ](/news/2017/04/19/venezuelan-security-forces-clash-with-opposition-demonstrators-in-the-so-called-mother-of-all-marches-against-president-nicola-s-maduro-in.md) _Context: Caracas, Nicolas Maduro, President_
6. [Venezuela's National Electoral Council says the opposition successfully met the one percent of voter signatures in every state requirement for a referendum to recall President Nicolas Maduro. Council head Tibisay Lucena did not name a date for the next phase of the referendum process: collect 20 percent of voters' signatures. ](/news/2016/08/1/venezuela-s-national-electoral-council-says-the-opposition-successfully-met-the-one-percent-of-voter-signatures-in-every-state-requirement-f.md) _Context: 2016 state of emergency in Venezuela, Nicolas Maduro, President_
7. [Venezuelan opposition lawmaker, Julio Borges, is left bloodied after being hit in the face with a pipe in downtown Caracas. He spoke at a press conference after the attack with blood streaming down from his nose and mouth, and bloody stains on his button-down shirt, accusing the attackers of being supporters of President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/06/9/venezuelan-opposition-lawmaker-julio-borges-is-left-bloodied-after-being-hit-in-the-face-with-a-pipe-in-downtown-caracas-he-spoke-at-a-pr.md) _Context: Caracas, Nicolas Maduro, President_
8. [Venezuelan opposition leaders say they have now secured enough signatures on a petition to move to the next stage in a recall referendum of President Nicolas Maduro. The process must now be validated by electoral officials. ](/news/2016/06/25/venezuelan-opposition-leaders-say-they-have-now-secured-enough-signatures-on-a-petition-to-move-to-the-next-stage-in-a-recall-referendum-of.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests, Nicolas Maduro, President_
9. [Per Venezuela's National Electoral Council's ruling, citizens across the country queue up for fingerprint validation of 1,850,000 signatures on referendum to recall President Nicolas Maduro. The opposition Democratic Unity Roundtable must validate 197,000 signatures (1 percent of registered voters) by Friday, in this first step of the recall referendum process. ](/news/2016/06/20/per-venezuela-s-national-electoral-council-s-ruling-citizens-across-the-country-queue-up-for-fingerprint-validation-of-1-850-000-signatures.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests, Nicolas Maduro, President_
10. [ The Venezuelan Army holds the biggest military exercise in its history, citing threats to national security, amidst opposition demands of a recall referendum on President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/05/21/the-venezuelan-army-holds-the-biggest-military-exercise-in-its-history-citing-threats-to-national-security-amidst-opposition-demands-of-a.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests, Nicolas Maduro, President_
