### [2016-05-18](/news/2016/05/18/index.md)

# China stages joint war games featuring mock beach landing, helicopter assaults and tank battles along its east coast, just days before the inauguration of Taiwanese president Tsai Ing-Wen. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/ap/article-3596057/China-stages-war-games-days-ahead-Taiwan-inauguration.html)

### Related:

1. [A spokesman for the Taiwan Affairs Office of People's Republic of China says Taiwan is barred from observing this year's World Health Assembly because current President Tsai Ing-wen has not endorsed the Beijing view that both sides belong to a single China. ](/news/2017/05/10/a-spokesman-for-the-taiwan-affairs-office-of-people-s-republic-of-china-says-taiwan-is-barred-from-observing-this-yearas-world-health-asse.md) _Context: Cross-Strait relations, Taiwan, Tsai Ing-wen_
2. [China is blocking Taiwan's efforts to join the International Civil Aviation Organization despite 58 million air passengers passing over Taiwan's flight information region annually, citing the One-China principle. ](/news/2016/08/4/china-is-blocking-taiwan-s-efforts-to-join-the-international-civil-aviation-organization-despite-58-million-air-passengers-passing-over-taiw.md) _Context: China, Cross-Strait relations, Taiwan_
3. [China cancels an invitation to a Taiwanese children's choir after it performed the island's national anthem at last month's inauguration of President Tsai Ing-wen; the Puzangalan Choir consisting of children from the Paiwan aboriginal tribe had been due to take part in a choral festival in Guangdong province in July. ](/news/2016/06/16/china-cancels-an-invitation-to-a-taiwanese-children-s-choir-after-it-performed-the-island-s-national-anthem-at-last-month-s-inauguration-of.md) _Context: China, Taiwan, Tsai Ing-wen_
4. [  Taiwan accuses China of "extrajudicial abduction" after 45 Taiwanese acquitted of fraud in Kenya were forcibly deported to China. ](/news/2016/04/12/taiwan-accuses-china-of-extrajudicial-abduction-after-45-taiwanese-acquitted-of-fraud-in-kenya-were-forcibly-deported-to-china.md) _Context: China, Cross-Strait relations, Taiwan_
5. [The presidents of China and Taiwan are scheduled to meet in Singapore on November 7th, the first such meeting since the Chinese Communist Revolution. ](/news/2015/11/4/the-presidents-of-china-and-taiwan-are-scheduled-to-meet-in-singapore-on-november-7th-the-first-such-meeting-since-the-chinese-communist-re.md) _Context: China, Cross-Strait relations, Taiwan_
6. [The People's Liberation Army of China holds three days of live-fire drills in the Taiwan Strait, while Taiwan holds exercises simulating Chinese submarines attacking Kinmen and being repelled by Taiwanese amphibious forces. ](/news/2015/09/11/the-people-s-liberation-army-of-china-holds-three-days-of-live-fire-drills-in-the-taiwan-strait-while-taiwan-holds-exercises-simulating-chi.md) _Context: China, Cross-Strait relations, Taiwan_
7. [2014 Wang-Zhang Meeting:China's top cross-strait negotiator for Taiwan, on a landmark visit, cancels three public appearances at the last minute after protests against his bridge-building trip turned violent; protesters earlier splashed white paint and threw ghost money at the negotiator's motorcade while shouting slogans such as "Taiwan, China, one country on each side". ](/news/2014/06/28/2014-wang-zhang-meeting-pchina-s-top-cross-strait-negotiator-for-taiwan-on-a-landmark-visit-cancels-three-public-appearances-at-the-last-m.md) _Context: China, Cross-Strait relations, Taiwan_
8. [Burkina Faso and Swaziland refuse to break relations with Taiwan and recognize the One-China policy despite being offered aid from China. ](/news/2017/01/25/burkina-faso-and-swaziland-refuse-to-break-relations-with-taiwan-and-recognize-the-one-china-policy-despite-being-offered-aid-from-china.md) _Context: China, Taiwan_
9. [Taiwan scrambles navy ships and jets as Chinese warships, led by the aircraft carrier ''Liaoning'', sail through the Taiwan Strait following exercises in the South China Sea. ](/news/2017/01/11/taiwan-scrambles-navy-ships-and-jets-as-chinese-warships-led-by-the-aircraft-carrier-liaoning-sail-through-the-taiwan-strait-following.md) _Context: China, Taiwan_
10. [The People's Republic of China lodges a complaint with the United States after President-elect of the United States Donald Trump speaks with President of Taiwan Tsai Ing-wen. The PRC and the United States view Taiwan as a breakaway province. ](/news/2016/12/3/the-people-s-republic-of-china-lodges-a-complaint-with-the-united-states-after-president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-speaks-with.md) _Context: Taiwan, Tsai Ing-wen_
