### [2016-05-18](/news/2016/05/18/index.md)

# Iraqi civil war (2014-present). Use of chemical weapons in the Iraqi civil war. Iraqi police claim ISIL militants fired chemical weapons, suspected to be mustard gas or chlorine, in the May 8 attacks on Bashir near Kirkuk, Iraq. 




### Source:

1. [Swiss Info](http://www.swissinfo.ch/eng/bomb-kills-nine-iraqi-soldiers-during-raid-south-of-baghdad/42163872)
2. [Time](http://time.com/4327503/isis-chemical-weapons-iraq-bashir/?xid=gonewsedit&google_editors_picks=true)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). ISIL militants launch attacks on government buildings, police stations, and a power station in the city of Kirkuk, Iraqi Kurdistan, killing dozens of people. ](/news/2016/10/21/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-isil-militants-launch-attacks-on-government-buildings-police-stations-and-a-power-station-in-the-city-of.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Kirkuk_
2. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Islamic State militants attack two gas facilities northwest of Kirkuk in northern Iraq, killing at least five people and wounding six policemen. Three assailants detonated their explosive vests and a fourth was killed in clash with security forces. ](/news/2016/07/31/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-islamic-state-militants-attack-two-gas-facilities-northwest-of-kirkuk-in-northern-iraq-killing-at-least-f.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Kirkuk_
3. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Use of chemical weapons in the Iraqi Civil War. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant fire mortars containing an unidentified chemical agent killing one and injuring 600 in Taza Khurmatu, Iraq. ](/news/2016/03/12/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-use-of-chemical-weapons-in-the-iraqi-civil-war-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-fire-mortars-cont.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Use of chemical weapons in the Iraqi civil war_
4. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). A suicide bomber at a market in Musayyib kills 31 and wounds 35. ISIL claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/06/9/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-a-suicide-bomber-at-a-market-in-musayyib-kills-31-and-wounds-35-isil-claims-responsibility.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). According to security sources, dozens of people are killed in an overnight attack in Tikrit by suspected ISIL militants. 31 bodies were taken to a hospital, according to a local doctor, while more continued to be found by morning. ](/news/2017/04/5/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-according-to-security-sources-dozens-of-people-are-killed-in-an-overnight-attack-in-tikrit-by-suspected-i.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). The pro-government Popular Mobilization Forces militia takes control of the mostly destroyed ancient city of Hatra in Iraq's Nineveh Governorate, following clashes with ISIL, who seized the ruins in 2014. ](/news/2017/04/26/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-the-pro-government-popular-mobilization-forces-militia-takes-control-of-the-mostly-destroyed-ancient-city.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). A car bomb explodes in a Shi'ite neighbourhood in Baghdad, killing at least 48 people. ISIL claimed responsibility for the bombing. ](/news/2017/02/16/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-a-car-bomb-explodes-in-a-shi-ite-neighbourhood-in-baghdad-killing-at-least-48-people-isil-claimed-respon.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Battle of Mosul (2016-17). The Iraqi Army announces the liberation of the eastern part of Mosul following the collapse of ISIL defenses. ](/news/2017/01/18/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-battle-of-mosul-2016-17-the-iraqi-army-announces-the-liberation-of-the-eastern-part-of-mosul-followin.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). November 2016 Hillah suicide truck bombing. At least 80 Shia pilgrims are killed in a truck bomb attack in Iraq. Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/11/24/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-november-2016-hillah-suicide-truck-bombing-at-least-80-shia-pilgrims-are-killed-in-a-truck-bomb-attack-in.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [ Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Battle of Mosul (2016). The UN reports 232 civilians have been murdered in and near Mosul by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2016/10/28/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-battle-of-mosul-2016-the-un-reports-232-civilians-have-been-murdered-in-and-near-mosul-by-the-islamic.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
