### [2016-05-25](/news/2016/05/25/index.md)

# In the United States, Hillary Clinton is criticized by the State Department-s inspector general for her usage of a private email server while she was secretary of state. The finding also concluded though that former secretary of state Colin Powell also had a private email server, as did former ambassador to Kenya Scott Gration. The inspector referred to the email server usage as "longstanding systemic weaknesses". 




### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/26/us/politics/state-department-hillary-clinton-emails.html)

### Related:

1. [Hillary Clinton email controversy: Federal Bureau of Investigation chief James Comey tells the United States Congress that he has found no evidence of criminality by Hillary Clinton in relation to a new batch of emails. ](/news/2016/11/6/hillary-clinton-email-controversy-federal-bureau-of-investigation-chief-james-comey-tells-the-united-states-congress-that-he-has-found-no-e.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, email server_
2. [Presidency of Donald Trump: Trump's aide Kellyanne Conway announces that the president-elect will not seek new charges against Hillary Clinton for possible crimes related to her email server. ](/news/2016/11/22/presidency-of-donald-trump-trump-s-aide-kellyanne-conway-announces-that-the-president-elect-will-not-seek-new-charges-against-hillary-clint.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, email server_
3. [Hillary Clinton email scandal: The United States Department of State reopens an investigation into the possible mishandling of classified information by former Secretary of State and presumptive Democratic Party presidential nominee Hillary Clinton and her top aides. ](/news/2016/07/7/hillary-clinton-email-scandal-the-united-states-department-of-state-reopens-an-investigation-into-the-possible-mishandling-of-classified-in.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, United States State Department_
4. [Hillary Clinton email controversy: Loretta Lynch, the Attorney General of the United States, closes the investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a personal email system to conduct official business without charges being laid. ](/news/2016/07/6/hillary-clinton-email-controversy-loretta-lynch-the-attorney-general-of-the-united-states-closes-the-investigation-into-hillary-clinton-s.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, email server_
5. [Hillary Clinton email investigation: The FBI recommends, with numerous reservations about her actions, no charges be filed against Hillary Clinton over her emails. ](/news/2016/07/5/hillary-clinton-email-investigation-the-fbi-recommends-with-numerous-reservations-about-her-actions-no-charges-be-filed-against-hillary-c.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, email server_
6. [United States presidential election, 2016: Hillary Clinton email controversy: During a press conference, Republican nominee Donald Trump calls on Russia to find Hillary Clinton's 30,000 missing emails. ](/news/2016/07/27/united-states-presidential-election-2016-hillary-clinton-email-controversy-during-a-press-conference-republican-nominee-donald-trump-cal.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, email server_
7. [Hillary Clinton email controversy: The United States Department of State releases the final batch of emails recovered from the private server of former Secretary of State and Democratic Party front runner in the race for the nomination for the 2016 presidential election. ](/news/2016/02/29/hillary-clinton-email-controversy-the-united-states-department-of-state-releases-the-final-batch-of-emails-recovered-from-the-private-serve.md) _Context: United States State Department, email server_
8. [Hillary Clinton email controversy: The Government of the United States rules that 22 emails on Hillary Clinton's home server contained closely guarded information rated as "Top Secret". ](/news/2016/01/29/hillary-clinton-email-controversy-the-government-of-the-united-states-rules-that-22-emails-on-hillary-clinton-s-home-server-contained-close.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, email server_
9. [United States presidential election, 2016: Hillary Clinton, former United States Secretary of State, announces that she is seeking the Democratic Party nomination for President in the 2016 election. ](/news/2015/04/12/united-states-presidential-election-2016-hillary-clinton-former-united-states-secretary-of-state-announces-that-she-is-seeking-the-democ.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, United States Secretary of State_
10. [A woman is arrested after she throws a shoe at the head of former United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton as she was giving a speech in Las Vegas, Nevada. ](/news/2014/04/11/a-woman-is-arrested-after-she-throws-a-shoe-at-the-head-of-former-united-states-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-as-she-was-giving-a-speec.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, United States Secretary of State_
