### [2016-05-25](/news/2016/05/25/index.md)

# In the United States, Hillary Clinton is criticized by the State Department's inspector general for her usage of a private email server while she was secretary of state. The finding also concluded though that former secretary of state Colin Powell also had a private email server, as did former ambassador to Kenya Scott Gration. The inspector referred to the email server usage as "longstanding systemic weaknesses". 




### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/26/us/politics/state-department-hillary-clinton-emails.html)

### Related:

1. [ In an interview with the Saudi-owned "Al-Arabiyya" satellite television network, U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell plays down the importance of Wednesday's report by the State Department&mdash;which listed Saudi Arabia as a country that severely restricts religious freedom&mdash;saying that he hopes that he will be able to use dialogue to remove Saudi Arabia from the list.](/news/2004/09/17/in-an-interview-with-the-saudi-owned-al-arabiyya-satellite-television-network-u-s-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-plays-down-the-import.md) _Context: Colin Powell, State Department, United States Secretary of State_
2. [Federal Bureau of Investigation chief James Comey tells the United States Congress that he has found no evidence of criminality by Hillary Clinton in relation to a new batch of emails. ](/news/2016/11/6/federal-bureau-of-investigation-chief-james-comey-tells-the-united-states-congress-that-he-has-found-no-evidence-of-criminality-by-hillary-c.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, email server_
3. [Trump's aide Kellyanne Conway announces that the president-elect will not seek new charges against Hillary Clinton for possible crimes related to her email server. ](/news/2016/11/22/trump-s-aide-kellyanne-conway-announces-that-the-president-elect-will-not-seek-new-charges-against-hillary-clinton-for-possible-crimes-relat.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, email server_
4. [The United States Department of State reopens an investigation into the possible mishandling of classified information by former Secretary of State and presumptive Democratic Party presidential nominee Hillary Clinton and her top aides. ](/news/2016/07/7/the-united-states-department-of-state-reopens-an-investigation-into-the-possible-mishandling-of-classified-information-by-former-secretary-o.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, State Department_
5. [Loretta Lynch, the Attorney General of the United States, closes the investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a personal email system to conduct official business without charges being laid. ](/news/2016/07/6/loretta-lynch-the-attorney-general-of-the-united-states-closes-the-investigation-into-hillary-clinton-s-use-of-a-personal-email-system-to.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, email server_
6. [The FBI recommends, with numerous reservations about her actions, no charges be filed against Hillary Clinton over her emails. ](/news/2016/07/5/the-fbi-recommends-with-numerous-reservations-about-her-actions-no-charges-be-filed-against-hillary-clinton-over-her-emails.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, email server_
7. [During a press conference, Republican nominee Donald Trump calls on Russia to find Hillary Clinton's 30,000 missing emails. ](/news/2016/07/27/during-a-press-conference-republican-nominee-donald-trump-calls-on-russia-to-find-hillary-clinton-s-30-000-missing-emails.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, email server_
8. [The United States Department of State releases the final batch of emails recovered from the private server of former Secretary of State and Democratic Party front runner in the race for the nomination for the 2016 presidential election. ](/news/2016/02/29/the-united-states-department-of-state-releases-the-final-batch-of-emails-recovered-from-the-private-server-of-former-secretary-of-state-and.md) _Context: State Department, email server_
9. [The Government of the United States rules that 22 emails on Hillary Clinton's home server contained closely guarded information rated as "Top Secret". ](/news/2016/01/29/the-government-of-the-united-states-rules-that-22-emails-on-hillary-clinton-s-home-server-contained-closely-guarded-information-rated-as-to.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, email server_
10. [Hillary Clinton, former United States Secretary of State, announces that she is seeking the Democratic Party nomination for President in the 2016 election. ](/news/2015/04/12/hillary-clinton-former-united-states-secretary-of-state-announces-that-she-is-seeking-the-democratic-party-nomination-for-president-in-the.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, United States Secretary of State_
