### [2011-07-13](/news/2011/07/13/index.md)

# A Palestinian university student is killed as he attempts to defy arrest after residents throw stones at Israeli soldiers in a community north of Nablus. 

A Palestinian man is killed in an Israeli military raid on a West Bank refugee camp as Israel carries out overnight air strikes in Gaza.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-14134711)

### Related:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Two Palestinian teenagers, from the nearby village of Qaryout, got into a Jewish settlement and stabbed an Israeli settler at his home in the Eli settlement near Nablus in the occupied West Bank. They were stopped and killed by the army. The injured settler was taken to a hospital. ](/news/2016/03/2/israeli-palestinian-conflict-two-palestinian-teenagers-from-the-nearby-village-of-qaryout-got-into-a-jewish-settlement-and-stabbed-an-i.md) _Context: Nablus_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015): Two assailants are shot dead by Israeli police after knife-wielding Palestinians attacked Israelis in Jerusalem and in the West Bank. Another four people, including a Palestinian assailant, are injured in incidents at an Israeli checkpoint outside the West Bank city of Nablus and at a tram station in East Jerusalem. ](/news/2015/10/30/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-two-assailants-are-shot-dead-by-israeli-police-after-knife-wielding-palestinians-attacked-israelis-in.md) _Context: Nablus_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015): The Israeli military evacuated dozens of Jewish worshippers who were surrounded by Palestinians after entering Joseph's Tomb compound in Nablus, which was recently torched by Palestinians. The area is under full Palestinian control but Jewish prayer is permitted there when coordinated with authorities. The military said Sunday's visit was not, and the worshippers had no permit. ](/news/2015/10/18/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-the-israeli-military-evacuated-dozens-of-jewish-worshippers-who-were-surrounded-by-palestinians-after.md) _Context: Nablus_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Palestinian political violence: Palestinian rioters set fire to the building containing Joseph's Tomb in the West Bank city of Nablus causing heavy damage to the structure before the fire is put out. Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas condemns the attack. ](/news/2015/10/16/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-political-violence-palestinian-rioters-set-fire-to-the-building-containing-joseph-s-tomb-in-the-w.md) _Context: Nablus_
5. [Syrian civil war: A 15-year-old Israeli boy is killed and three Israelis wounded when their truck is hit by an unknown weapon in the Golan heights near the Quneitra border crossing; Israeli Defense Forces fire at Syrian government targets in response. ](/news/2014/06/22/syrian-civil-war-a-15-year-old-israeli-boy-is-killed-and-three-israelis-wounded-when-their-truck-is-hit-by-an-unknown-weapon-in-the-golan-h.md) _Context: Israeli Defense Forces_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: An 85-year-old man dies during Israeli suppression of a violent riot at Kufr Qaddoum near Nablus; he is the first Palestinian casualty from conflict with Israel in 2014. ](/news/2014/01/3/israeli-palestinian-conflict-an-85-year-old-man-dies-during-israeli-suppression-of-a-violent-riot-at-kufr-qaddoum-near-nablus-he-is-the.md) _Context: Nablus_
7. [The Tal Law, which granted a sweeping exemption from military service to a majority of the Israeli ultra-Orthodox population in Israel, expires. As a result Defense Minister Ehud Barak orders the Israeli Defense Forces to prepare for a universal draft of ultra-Orthodox Jewish males in 30 days. ](/news/2012/08/1/the-tal-law-which-granted-a-sweeping-exemption-from-military-service-to-a-majority-of-the-israeli-ultra-orthodox-population-in-israel-expi.md) _Context: Israeli Defense Forces_
8. [Israeli army officer Shalom Eisner, who struck a Danish activist in the face with the butt of his gun, is dismissed from his post but not from the Israeli Defense Forces. ](/news/2012/04/18/israeli-army-officer-shalom-eisner-who-struck-a-danish-activist-in-the-face-with-the-butt-of-his-gun-is-dismissed-from-his-post-but-not-fr.md) _Context: Israeli Defense Forces_
9. [The Lebanese Armed Forces exchanged fire with the Israeli Defense Forces patrolling the border, with one Lebanese soldier being injured. ](/news/2011/08/1/the-lebanese-armed-forces-exchanged-fire-with-the-israeli-defense-forces-patrolling-the-border-with-one-lebanese-soldier-being-injured.md) _Context: Israeli Defense Forces_
10. [A group of 15 Israeli Jewish worshipers entered the Palestinian city of Nablus to pray in the Jewish holy site Joseph's Tomb, without coordinating their visit with the IDF as required by law. After finishing praying, as the Jewish worshipers were leaving Nablus, their cars came under fire from a Palestinian Authority police jeep. Five Israelis were injured in the attack and the nephew of Israeli Culture and Sport Minister Limor Livnat was killed.](/news/2011/04/24/a-group-of-15-israeli-jewish-worshipers-entered-the-palestinian-city-of-nablus-to-pray-in-the-jewish-holy-site-joseph-s-tomb-without-coordi.md) _Context: Nablus_
