### [2011-07-13](/news/2011/07/13/index.md)

# David Cameron, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, makes a statement to the House of Commons in relation to the judicial inquiry into the ''News of the World'' phone hacking affair, hours before the announcement that Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation had withdrawn its bid to take full ownership of BSkyB. 

The scandal enveloping Murdoch&rsquo;s News Corp. is also sullying Britain&rsquo;s prime minister.


### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-14142307)
2. [The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/murdochs-news-corp-withdraws-bskyb-bid/2011/07/13/gIQAG7YKCI_story.html?wpisrc=al_national)

### Related:

1. [British Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt appears at the Leveson Inquiry into media practices in the UK. The inquiry hears that he congratulated James Murdoch on the progress of News Corporation's takeover bid for BSkyB just hours before he was charged with overseeing it, but acted impartially once he took on the role. Prime Minister David Cameron says he will not order an inquiry into Hunt's ministerial conduct. ](/news/2012/05/31/british-culture-secretary-jeremy-hunt-appears-at-the-leveson-inquiry-into-media-practices-in-the-uk-the-inquiry-hears-that-he-congratulated.md) _Context: BSkyB, David Cameron, News Corporation, Prime Minster_
2. [As the Leveson Inquiry releases emails exchanged between UK Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport Jeremy Hunt and News Corporation lobbyist Fred Michel, Prime Minister David Cameron says he does not regret his decision to let Hunt rule on News Corp's bid for BSkyB. ](/news/2012/05/25/as-the-leveson-inquiry-releases-emails-exchanged-between-uk-secretary-of-state-for-culture-media-and-sport-jeremy-hunt-and-news-corporation.md) _Context: BSkyB, David Cameron, News Corporation, Prime Minster_
3. [News International phone hacking scandal:The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron faces questions in parliament over his decision to hire Andy Coulson, a former editor of the ''News of the World'' at the time of the phone hacking affair. ](/news/2011/07/20/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-pthe-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-faces-questions-in-parliament-over-his-deci.md) _Context: David Cameron, News of the World, Prime Minster, phone hacking affair_
4. [News Corporation affairNews Corporation Chief Executive Rupert Murdoch and his son James Murdoch appear before a select committee of the United Kingdom parliament over the ''News of the World'' phone hacking affair. Murdoch Senior apologises for the scandal, but says he is not responsible for it. ](/news/2011/07/19/news-corporation-affairpnews-corporation-chief-executive-rupert-murdoch-and-his-son-james-murdoch-appear-before-a-select-committee-of-the-un.md) _Context: News Corporation, News of the World, Rupert Murdoch, phone hacking affair_
5. [Prime Minister David Cameron tells the House of Commons that legal experts advise that the UK-wide Brexit result binds the entire nation, even though  Northern Ireland and Scotland voted to stay in the EU. Yesterday, both Scottish and Northern Irish representatives told the European Parliament's plenary session they will leave the UK if that is the required price to keep their homelands fully connected to Europe. ](/news/2016/06/29/prime-minister-david-cameron-tells-the-house-of-commons-that-legal-experts-advise-that-the-uk-wide-brexit-result-binds-the-entire-nation-ev.md) _Context: David Cameron, House of Commons, Prime Minster_
6. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):British Prime Minister David Cameron tells the House of Commons that 3,800 British troops will be withdrawn from Afghanistan in 2013. The figure represents half the current British deployment in that country. ](/news/2012/12/19/war-in-afghanistan-2001apresent-pbritish-prime-minister-david-cameron-tells-the-house-of-commons-that-3-800-british-troops-will-be-withd.md) _Context: David Cameron, House of Commons, Prime Minster_
7. [Leveson Inquiry:Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair tells the Leveson Inquiry he had a "working relationship" with News Corporation chairman Rupert Murdoch, but that Murdoch did not influence policy during his time in office. ](/news/2012/05/28/leveson-inquiry-pformer-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-he-had-a-working-relationship-with-news-corporation-ch.md) _Context: News Corporation, Prime Minster, Rupert Murdoch_
8. [News Corporation lobbyist Fred Michel tells the Leveson Inquiry there was nothing inappropriate in his relationship with Adam Smith, a special adviser to UK Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport Jeremy Hunt. Smith later tells the hearing Hunt sent a memorandum to Prime Minister David Cameron in which he said he was in favour of News Corp's bid to take control of BSkyB before he was given a key role in the process. ](/news/2012/05/24/news-corporation-lobbyist-fred-michel-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-there-was-nothing-inappropriate-in-his-relationship-with-adam-smith-a-speci.md) _Context: BSkyB, David Cameron, News Corporation_
9. [News International phone hacking scandal: The House of Commons Culture, Media and Sport Committee publishes its report into phone hacking at the ''News of the World''. The committee concludes that Rupert Murdoch "is not a fit person" to run a major international company and exhibited "wilful blindness" to phone-hacking and other practices going on in his media empire. The report also accuses three News Corporation executives of giving misleading evidence. ](/news/2012/05/1/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-the-house-of-commons-culture-media-and-sport-committee-publishes-its-report-into-phone-hacking-at.md) _Context: News Corporation, News of the World, Rupert Murdoch_
10. [News International phone hacking scandal:Adam Smith, a special adviser to Jeremy Hunt, the United Kingdom Secretary of State for Culture, Olympics, Media and Sport, resigns over his role in Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation's attempt to take over satellite broadcaster BSkyB. ](/news/2012/04/25/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-padam-smith-a-special-adviser-to-jeremy-hunt-the-united-kingdom-secretary-of-state-for-culture-o.md) _Context: BSkyB, News Corporation, Rupert Murdoch_
