### [2015-01-16](/news/2015/01/16/index.md)

# The U.S. Supreme Court agrees to consolidate and hear four appellate rulings whether there is a constitutional right to same-sex marriage. It is currently allowed in Washington, D.C. and 36 states. Oral arguments will take place in April and a ruling may occur by June. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2015/01/16/politics/court-gay-marriage/index.html)
2. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/01/17/us/supreme-court-to-decide-whether-gays-nationwide-can-marry.html?hp&action=click&pgtype=Homepage&module=span-ab-top-region&region=top-news&WT.nav=top-news&_r=0)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. Supreme Court declines to review assault weapons bans in Connecticut and New York, as it did last December concerning Chicago, Illinois, city law. Five other states and Washington, D.C. have similar restrictions. ](/news/2016/06/20/the-u-s-supreme-court-declines-to-review-assault-weapons-bans-in-connecticut-and-new-york-as-it-did-last-december-concerning-chicago-illi.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court, Washington, D.C._
2. [Same-sex marriage in the United States:The U.S. Supreme Court rules that Section 3 of the Defense of Marriage Act is unconstitutional and in violation of the Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution. ](/news/2013/06/26/same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-pthe-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-section-3-of-the-defense-of-marriage-act-is-unconstitutional-and-i.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court, same-sex marriage_
3. [ Five Guantnamo Bay detainees who successfully argued ''Boumediene v. Bush'' before the Supreme Court are ordered freed by Judge Richard J. Leon of the District Court for Washington, D.C. ](/news/2008/11/20/five-guantanamo-bay-detainees-who-successfully-argued-boumediene-v-bush-before-the-supreme-court-are-ordered-freed-by-judge-richard-j.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court, Washington, D.C._
4. [ In a 5-4 decision, the Supreme Court of the United States holds in ''District of Columbia v. Heller'' that the Second Amendment to the United States Constitution protects an individual right to own a firearm and keep it on their property, ruling a District of Columbia gun control law unconstitutional and putting many other similar measures in jeopardy. ](/news/2008/06/26/in-a-5a4-decision-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-holds-in-district-of-columbia-v-heller-that-the-second-amendment-to-the-un.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court, Washington, D.C._
5. [The U.S. Supreme Court rules that the North Carolina state legislative members do not have standing to request an appeal of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit ruling against a law which barred unidentified voters from the ballot. The Supreme Court's decision makes no explicit judgements on the previous law, but the decision's outcome nevertheless prohibits the voter identification requirement. In his statement, Chief Justice John Roberts wrote (''North Carolina v. North Carolina State Conference of the NAACP'') that the high court's denied ''certiorari'' in hearing the case should not be interpreted as commenting on the law's merit, noting that one reason for not hearing it was a dispute over who represented the state - referencing a "blizzard of filings over who is and who is not authorized to seek review in this court under North Carolina law." ](/news/2017/05/15/the-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-the-north-carolina-state-legislative-members-do-not-have-standing-to-request-an-appeal-of-the-u-s-court-o.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
6. [Neil Gorsuch is confirmed as the 113th justice of the Supreme Court of the United States by a 54-45 vote in the United States Senate after invocation of the "nuclear option". ](/news/2017/04/7/neil-gorsuch-is-confirmed-as-the-113th-justice-of-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-by-a-54a45-vote-in-the-united-states-senate-after.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
7. [Tens of thousands of people protest in Washington, D.C. to bring awareness to climate change. ](/news/2017/04/29/tens-of-thousands-of-people-protest-in-washington-d-c-to-bring-awareness-to-climate-change.md) _Context: Washington, D.C._
8. [The Supreme Court of the United States refuses to vacate a stay of execution issued by the Arkansas Supreme Court. Arkansas's highest court has also put on hold the execution of another inmate, Bruce Ward. The state had planned to execute eight inmates in eleven days. That schedule, as well as the use of the drug midazolam, sparked a broad range of legal challenges and humanitarian concerns about the executions. Today's planned execution of Don W. Davis would have been the state's first since 2005. ](/news/2017/04/18/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-refuses-to-vacate-a-stay-of-execution-issued-by-the-arkansas-supreme-court-arkansas-s-highest-court.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
9. [U.S. President Donald Trump's lawyers tell a federal court, in a case alleging negligence and incitement to riot during a 2016 campaign rally in Louisville, Kentucky, that he is "immune from suit because he is President of the United States." A lawyer for the plaintiffs responds that, in ''Clinton v. Jones'', the Supreme Court found the president could be sued for events that occurred before he took office. ](/news/2017/04/15/u-s-president-donald-trump-s-lawyers-tell-a-federal-court-in-a-case-alleging-negligence-and-incitement-to-riot-during-a-2016-campaign-rall.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
10. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
