### [2010-03-4](/news/2010/03/4/index.md)

# A Cairo court orders the retrial of Hisham Talaat Moustafa and Muhsin Sukkari who were sentenced to death for killing Lebanese singer Suzanne Tamim in Dubai in 2008. 

An Egyptian property tycoon, who was sentenced to death for murdering his former lover, a Lebanese pop star, is to face a retrial.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/8549214.stm)
2. [Houston Chronicle](http://www.chron.com/disp/story.mpl/ap/top/all/6896625.html)
3. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/africaandindianocean/egypt/7367719/Egyptian-tycoon-faces-retrial-for-murdering-Lebanese-pop-star.html)
4. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2010/mar/04/egyptian-billionaire-retrial-popstar-murder)
5. [The Los Angeles Times](http://www.latimes.com/news/la-fgw-lebanon-singer5-2010mar05,0,6332886.story?track=rss)

### Related:

1. [ Egyptian businessman Hisham Talaat Moustafa is convicted of murdering Lebanese pop singer Suzanne Tamim. ](/news/2009/05/21/egyptian-businessman-hisham-talaat-moustafa-is-convicted-of-murdering-lebanese-pop-singer-suzanne-tamim.md) _Context: Hisham Talaat Moustafa, Lebanon, Suzanne Tamim_
2. [Hisham Talaat Moustafa, an Egyptian millionaire who had been sentenced to death in 2009 for inciting the murder of pop star Suzanne Tamim, is sentenced to 15 years' imprisonment in a retrial. ](/news/2010/09/28/hisham-talaat-moustafa-an-egyptian-millionaire-who-had-been-sentenced-to-death-in-2009-for-inciting-the-murder-of-pop-star-suzanne-tamim-i.md) _Context: Hisham Talaat Moustafa, Suzanne Tamim_
3. [A cease-fire brings calm after heavy fighting between Fatah and extremists that left two people dead at the Palestinian refugees camp of Ain al-Hilweh, Lebanon. ](/news/2017/08/21/a-cease-fire-brings-calm-after-heavy-fighting-between-fatah-and-extremists-that-left-two-people-dead-at-the-palestinian-refugees-camp-of-ain.md) _Context: Lebanon_
4. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Lebanon_
5. [Saeed Karimian, the founder and director of GEM TV, a Persian language network based in Dubai, is shot dead in Istanbul, Turkey, along with his Kuwaiti business partner. Karimian had previously been tried in absentia by a Tehran court and sentenced to six years in prison for spreading propaganda against Iran. ](/news/2017/04/30/saeed-karimian-the-founder-and-director-of-gem-tv-a-persian-language-network-based-in-dubai-is-shot-dead-in-istanbul-turkey-along-with.md) _Context: Dubai_
6. [An Egyptian excavation team discovers the remains of a pyramid dating back 3,700 years to the thirteenth Dynasty of Egypt at the Dahshur necropolis 40km south of Cairo. ](/news/2017/04/3/an-egyptian-excavation-team-discovers-the-remains-of-a-pyramid-dating-back-3-700-years-to-the-thirteenth-dynasty-of-egypt-at-the-dahshur-nec.md) _Context: Cairo_
7. [Citing a drop in demand, the Dubai-based, United Arab Emirates-owned airline Emirates Air announces a cut in flights to five of its 12 U.S. destinations.  The airline's Dubai hub, third-busiest in the world, is a major stop for travelers in countries affected by President Donald Trump's travel ban, and is also one of several Middle East airports affected by a U.S. ban on tablets, laptops, and similar devices in the passenger cabin. ](/news/2017/04/19/citing-a-drop-in-demand-the-dubai-based-united-arab-emirates-owned-airline-emirates-air-announces-a-cut-in-flights-to-five-of-its-12-u-s.md) _Context: Dubai_
8. [German and Egyptian archaeologists uncover a humanoid statue with an approximate height of eight metres, believed to be of Ramesses II, at the former site of Heliopolis in northeast Cairo. ](/news/2017/03/9/german-and-egyptian-archaeologists-uncover-a-humanoid-statue-with-an-approximate-height-of-eight-metres-believed-to-be-of-ramesses-ii-at-t.md) _Context: Cairo_
9. [Former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak is released from detention in Cairo. ](/news/2017/03/24/former-egyptian-president-hosni-mubarak-is-released-from-detention-in-cairo.md) _Context: Cairo_
10. [The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-israeli-air-force-launches-several-airstrikes-on-targets-inside-syria-and-for-the-first-time-publicly-claims-responsibility-syrian-ai.md) _Context: Lebanon_
