### [2010-03-4](/news/2010/03/4/index.md)

# Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak says he does not mind the nomination of the former Director-General of International Atomic Energy Agency Mohamed ElBaradei in the next presidential election as long as it is under the framework of existing constitution. 




### Source:

1. [Gulf NEWS](http://gulfnews.com/news/region/egypt/mubarak-breaks-silence-on-divisive-al-baradei-1.592682)

### Related:

1. [Ex-IAEA head Mohamed ElBaradei is set to return to Egypt hoping to run for the presidency in the 2011 election. ](/news/2010/02/19/ex-iaea-head-mohamed-elbaradei-is-set-to-return-to-egypt-hoping-to-run-for-the-presidency-in-the-2011-election.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian President, Egyptian presidential election in September, Mohamed ElBaradei_
2. [ Former Director General of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) Mohamed ElBaradei says that if he decides to run in the presidential election in Egypt in 2011, he will run as an independent candidate instead of running as a candidate of any of the political parties in Egypt. ](/news/2009/12/11/former-director-general-of-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-iaea-mohamed-elbaradei-says-that-if-he-decides-to-run-in-the-presidenti.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian presidential election in September, International Atomic Energy Agency, Mohamed ElBaradei_
3. [Egypt's highest court overturns and initiates a retrial on the only remaining conviction against former President Hosni Mubarak (a May 2014 sentencing of three years in prison for embezzlement). ](/news/2015/01/13/egypt-s-highest-court-overturns-and-initiates-a-retrial-on-the-only-remaining-conviction-against-former-president-hosni-mubarak-a-may-2014.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian President, Hosni Mubarak_
4. [Former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak's retrial on charges of corruption and conspiracy to kill protesters during the 2011 Egyptian revolution is transferred to another court. ](/news/2013/04/13/former-egyptian-president-hosni-mubarak-s-retrial-on-charges-of-corruption-and-conspiracy-to-kill-protesters-during-the-2011-egyptian-revolu.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian President, Hosni Mubarak_
5. [Egyptian officials scrap a deeply unpopular agreement to supply Israel with natural gas. Former President of Egypt Hosni Mubarak, ousted in last year's revolution, had been accused of selling the gas too cheaply. ](/news/2012/04/22/egyptian-officials-scrap-a-deeply-unpopular-agreement-to-supply-israel-with-natural-gas-former-president-of-egypt-hosni-mubarak-ousted-in.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian President, Hosni Mubarak_
6. [Former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak appears in court for the second session of his trial with his two sons Alaa and Gamal who share corruption charges with him; the trial is subsequently adjourned and ordered to be merged with that of former Interior Minister Habib al-Adly. ](/news/2011/08/15/former-egyptian-president-hosni-mubarak-appears-in-court-for-the-second-session-of-his-trial-with-his-two-sons-alaa-and-gamal-who-share-corr.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian President, Hosni Mubarak_
7. [An Egyptian court decides to try former President of Egypt Hosni Mubarak and Interior Minister Habib al-Adly together on charges relating to the death of protesters in the 2011 Egyptian revolution. ](/news/2011/07/25/an-egyptian-court-decides-to-try-former-president-of-egypt-hosni-mubarak-and-interior-minister-habib-al-adly-together-on-charges-relating-to.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian President, Hosni Mubarak_
8. [2011 Egyptian revolution: Ousted President of Egypt Hosni Mubarak receives the first ruling against him, being fined US$34 million for cutting off communications services during the revolution that overthrew him. ](/news/2011/05/28/2011-egyptian-revolution-ousted-president-of-egypt-hosni-mubarak-receives-the-first-ruling-against-him-being-fined-us-34-million-for-cutti.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian President, Hosni Mubarak_
9. [Egyptian authorities detain former president Hosni Mubarak and his sons Alaa and Gamal for 15 days as part of an investigation related to possible charges of corruption and abuse of power. ](/news/2011/04/13/egyptian-authorities-detain-former-president-hosni-mubarak-and-his-sons-alaa-and-gamal-for-15-days-as-part-of-an-investigation-related-to-po.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian President, Hosni Mubarak_
10. [A report states that U.S. and European intelligence agencies believe Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak is dying of stomach and pancreatic cancer, and has one year left to live. The report states that Mubarak will likely die before the country's next presidential election. ](/news/2010/07/19/a-report-states-that-u-s-and-european-intelligence-agencies-believe-egyptian-president-hosni-mubarak-is-dying-of-stomach-and-pancreatic-can.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian presidential election in September, Hosni Mubarak_
