### [2010-03-4](/news/2010/03/4/index.md)

# Forty-one scientists publish a paper in "Science" affirming that the Cretaceous-Paleogene extinction event, the large-scale mass extinction of dinosaurs and other lifeforms on Earth ~65.5 million years ago, was caused by an asteroid impact. 

A giant asteroid smashing into Earth is the only plausible explanation for the extinction of the dinosaurs, a global scientific team said on Thursday, hoping to settle a row that has divided experts for decades.


### Source:

1. [Science](http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSTRE6233YW20100304)
2. [Science](http://www.sciencemag.org/cgi/content/abstract/327/5970/1214)

### Related:

1. [ New observations from the Arecibo radio telescope confirm that asteroid 2004 MN4 (later named 99942 Apophis in July 2005), once briefly considered an impact risk, will pass Earth on April 13 2029 at a distance of 36,350 km (22,600 mi) and will reach magnitude 3.3, easily visible to the naked eye from Europe, Africa and western Asia. ](/news/2005/02/4/new-observations-from-the-arecibo-radio-telescope-confirm-that-asteroid-2004-mn4-later-named-99942-apophis-in-july-2005-once-briefly-con.md) _Context: asteroid, comet impacts_
2. [Evolution: Researchers discover that the diversity of frogs is a direct result of the extinction of the dinosaurs. ](/news/2017/07/4/evolution-researchers-discover-that-the-diversity-of-frogs-is-a-direct-result-of-the-extinction-of-the-dinosaurs.md) _Context: extinction of the dinosaurs_
3. [ Two Harvard scientists report, in the peer-reviewed journal "Science", the first creation of metallic hydrogen in a laboratory, using a diamond anvil cell. Other researchers did not agree with this finding when it was first posted on the arXiv preprint server in October 2016, and have not yet changed their positions. ](/news/2017/01/27/two-harvard-scientists-report-in-the-peer-reviewed-journal-science-the-first-creation-of-metallic-hydrogen-in-a-laboratory-using-a-dia.md) _Context: Science_
4. [Researchers in Iceland report on CarbFix, in the journal "Science", that carbon dioxide emissions can be pumped into the earth and changed chemically to stone &nbsp;- significantly faster than expected. ](/news/2016/06/9/researchers-in-iceland-report-on-carbfix-in-the-journal-science-that-carbon-dioxide-emissions-can-be-pumped-into-the-earth-and-changed-c.md) _Context: Science_
5. [Research, published in the peer-reviewed scientific journal "Nature Geoscience", confirms that Mercury's darker than expected crusty exterior is from carbon, likely the remains of the planet's ancient surface crust of graphite, rather than carbon dust from comet impacts as previously postulated. ](/news/2016/03/7/research-published-in-the-peer-reviewed-scientific-journal-nature-geoscience-confirms-that-mercury-s-darker-than-expected-crusty-exterio.md) _Context: comet impacts_
6. [A report by a team of Japanese scientists, published in the American Association for the Advancement of Science journal "Science", has identified bacteria -- isolated from outside a bottle recycling facility -- that can break down and metabolize plastic. The microbe appears to have evolved a pair of enzymes it uses to break down polyethylene terephthalate or PET, the most common thermoplastic polymer resin in consumer products. ](/news/2016/03/11/a-report-by-a-team-of-japanese-scientists-published-in-the-american-association-for-the-advancement-of-science-journal-science-has-ident.md) _Context: Science_
7. ["Science" publishes a series of papers on biodiversity in the deep sea, including tens of thousands of single-celled organisms most of which had not been previously identified. ](/news/2015/05/22/science-publishes-a-series-of-papers-on-biodiversity-in-the-deep-sea-including-tens-of-thousands-of-single-celled-organisms-most-of-which.md) _Context: Science_
8. [Research shows that the Chelyabinsk meteor was the remnants of an asteroid that collided with another asteroid 290 million years before entering the Earth's atmosphere over Russia in February of last year. ](/news/2014/05/23/research-shows-that-the-chelyabinsk-meteor-was-the-remnants-of-an-asteroid-that-collided-with-another-asteroid-290-million-years-before-ente.md) _Context: asteroid_
9. [Studies published in "Geophysical Research Letters" and "Science" find that the West Antarctic ice sheet is potentially irrevocably melting. ](/news/2014/05/13/studies-published-in-geophysical-research-letters-and-science-find-that-the-west-antarctic-ice-sheet-is-potentially-irrevocably-melting.md) _Context: Science_
10. [A large near-Earth asteroid, 2000 EM26, passes by the Earth safely with no threat of collision at 8.8 times further from the Earth than the Moon. ](/news/2014/02/17/a-large-near-earth-asteroid-2000-em26-passes-by-the-earth-safely-with-no-threat-of-collision-at-8-8-times-further-from-the-earth-than-the.md) _Context: comet impacts_
