### [2010-03-4](/news/2010/03/4/index.md)

# Four German Islamists are imprisoned after being convicted of planning "a second 11 September 2001". 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/8549044.stm)

### Related:

1. [Saudi Arabia-United States relations: The United States Congress passes a law allowing families of the victims of the September 11 attacks to sue Saudi Arabia. U.S. president Barack Obama threatens to veto it. ](/news/2016/09/9/saudi-arabia-united-states-relations-the-united-states-congress-passes-a-law-allowing-families-of-the-victims-of-the-september-11-attacks.md) _Context: September 11 attacks_
2. [The Police Department of Everett, Washington, identifies and returns the American flag from the September 11 attacks to Ground Zero, the World Trade Center site in New York City. ](/news/2016/09/8/the-police-department-of-everett-washington-identifies-and-returns-the-american-flag-from-the-september-11-attacks-to-ground-zero-the-wor.md) _Context: September 11 attacks_
3. [United States presidential election, 2016: Hillary Clinton's doctor says she is being treated for pneumonia and dehydration after the Democratic Party presidential candidate fell ill and abruptly left a ceremony in New York City honoring the 15th anniversary of the September 11 attacks. ](/news/2016/09/11/united-states-presidential-election-2016-hillary-clinton-s-doctor-says-she-is-being-treated-for-pneumonia-and-dehydration-after-the-democr.md) _Context: September 11 attacks_
4. [2016 Orlando nightclub shooting: In what is the deadliest mass shooting and the worst terror attack since 9/11 to occur in the United States, a mass shooting at a gay nightclub in the U.S. city of Orlando, Florida, kills at least 50 people, including the shooter, and injures 53. ](/news/2016/06/12/2016-orlando-nightclub-shooting-in-what-is-the-deadliest-mass-shooting-and-the-worst-terror-attack-since-9-11-to-occur-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: September 11 attacks_
5. [Bangladesh-United States relations: U.S. State Department spokesman Mark Toner condemns Wednesday's "barbaric murder" of Nazimuddin Samad, and says federal officials are considering granting refuge to a select number of Bangladeshi writers who are under "imminent danger" because of their critical views of radical Islamists. ](/news/2016/04/8/bangladesh-united-states-relations-u-s-state-department-spokesman-mark-toner-condemns-wednesday-s-barbaric-murder-of-nazimuddin-samad.md) _Context: radical Islamists_
6. [Sweden-United States relations: Swedish deputy prime minister Asa Romson is criticized after referring to the September 11 attacks in New York as mere "accidents". Romson made the comments on public television while discussing the resignation of housing minister Mehmet Kaplan who had compared Israel's treatment of Arabs to the Nazis' treatment of Jews during the Holocaust. ](/news/2016/04/19/sweden-united-states-relations-swedish-deputy-prime-minister-asa-romson-is-criticized-after-referring-to-the-september-11-attacks-in-new.md) _Context: September 11 attacks_
7. [The government of Pakistan warns that it will push to clear the Islamist protests occurring in Islamabad. Protests have broken out in the capital and other cities ever since Mumtaz Qadri was executed last February for his role in killing Punjab governor Salmaan Taseer in 2011 because he opposed Pakistan's blasphemy laws. ](/news/2016/03/30/the-government-of-pakistan-warns-that-it-will-push-to-clear-the-islamist-protests-occurring-in-islamabad-protests-have-broken-out-in-the-ca.md) _Context: radical Islamists_
8. [2016 Lahore suicide bombing: Pakistan officials tell Reuters its forces will launch a paramilitary crackdown on Islamist militants in Punjab. Sunday's attack was Taliban-affiliated Jamaat-ul-Ahrar's fifth bombing since December. ](/news/2016/03/28/2016-lahore-suicide-bombing-pakistan-officials-tell-reuters-its-forces-will-launch-a-paramilitary-crackdown-on-islamist-militants-in-punjab.md) _Context: radical Islamists_
9. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): The Libyan National Army says it has taken control of the town of Ajdabiya and several areas of Benghazi following heavy clashes with Islamist militant groups. ](/news/2016/02/21/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-libyan-national-army-says-it-has-taken-control-of-the-town-of-ajdabiya-and-several-areas-of-benghazi.md) _Context: radical Islamists_
10. [Insurgency in the Maghreb (2002-present): Germany is considering sending troops to Tunisia to help train the Tunisian Army in the fight against Islamist militants, particularly ISIL who control territory in neighboring Libya. ](/news/2016/02/21/insurgency-in-the-maghreb-2002-present-germany-is-considering-sending-troops-to-tunisia-to-help-train-the-tunisian-army-in-the-fight-ag.md) _Context: radical Islamists_
