### [2010-03-4](/news/2010/03/4/index.md)

# The Committee on Foreign Affairs of the United States House of Representatives accepts a resolution describing the Armenian Genocide as "genocide", prompting Turkey to recall its ambassador and threatening Turkey-United States relations. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/8550765.stm)

### Related:

1. [The German Bundestag passes a resolution classifying the Ottoman Empire's killing of Armenians in 1915 as genocide, provoking a furious reaction in Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/2/the-german-bundestag-passes-a-resolution-classifying-the-ottoman-empire-s-killing-of-armenians-in-1915-as-genocide-provoking-a-furious-reac.md) _Context: Turkey, genocide, genocide of Armenians_
2. [The United States House of Representatives decides not to take up a resolution declaring the mass killings of Armenians early last century a genocide, helping the administration to avoid a diplomatic clash with Turkey. ](/news/2010/12/22/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-decides-not-to-take-up-a-resolution-declaring-the-mass-killings-of-armenians-early-last-century-a.md) _Context: Turkey, United States House of Representatives, genocide of Armenians_
3. [Turkey recalls its ambassador to Sweden and cancels the Turkey - Sweden summit planned for March 17 after the Riksdag votes in favour of calling the Armenian Genocide a genocide. ](/news/2010/03/11/turkey-recalls-its-ambassador-to-sweden-and-cancels-the-turkey-sweden-summit-planned-for-march-17-after-the-riksdag-votes-in-favour-of-cal.md) _Context: Turkey, genocide, genocide of Armenians_
4. [Despite opposition from Turkey, President Donald Trump authorizes an arms deal with the Syrian Kurds to assist the Syrian Democratic Forces in their fight against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). ](/news/2017/05/9/despite-opposition-from-turkey-president-donald-trump-authorizes-an-arms-deal-with-the-syrian-kurds-to-assist-the-syrian-democratic-forces.md) _Context: Turkey, Turkey-United States relations_
5. [The U.S. summons Turkish ambassador Serdar Kilic after violence between protesters and Turkish security personnel outside the Embassy of Turkey, Washington, D.C. leaves over a dozen people injured. U.S. Senator John McCain calls on the Trump administration to expel the ambassador. ](/news/2017/05/18/the-u-s-summons-turkish-ambassador-serdar-ka-la-ass-after-violence-between-protesters-and-turkish-security-personnel-outside-the-embassy-of.md) _Context: Turkey, Turkey-United States relations_
6. [The United States Department of State says Turkey has formally requested the extradition of Pennsylvania-based cleric Fethullah Gulen and is now considering the merits of the request. ](/news/2016/08/23/the-united-states-department-of-state-says-turkey-has-formally-requested-the-extradition-of-pennsylvania-based-cleric-fethullah-ga1-4len-and-i.md) _Context: Turkey, Turkey-United States relations_
7. [The United States Secretary of State John Kerry warns Turkey it could lose its NATO membership if it fails to uphold the principles of democracy. Around 8,000 police officers have been sacked in the country following the attempted coup, with more than 6,000 people in the army, the judiciary and other state bodies detained as part of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's crackdown. ](/news/2016/07/18/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-warns-turkey-it-could-lose-its-nato-membership-if-it-fails-to-uphold-the-principles-of-democ.md) _Context: Turkey, Turkey-United States relations_
8. [Pope Francis's visit to Armenia this weekend may stress relations with Turkey. The Pope is seeking to avoid reigniting the diplomatic dispute that arose last year when he described the 1915 mass killings of Armenians as a genocide. The Vatican prefers the Armenian phrase "Medz Yeghern," which roughly translates as "the great evil or calamity." ](/news/2016/06/23/pope-francis-s-visit-to-armenia-this-weekend-may-stress-relations-with-turkey-the-pope-is-seeking-to-avoid-reigniting-the-diplomatic-disput.md) _Context: Turkey, genocide of Armenians_
9. [Eleven Turkish-German members of Germany's Parliament, the Bundestag, who voted in support of declaring the Ottoman Turks slaughter of Armenians in 1915 a genocide, are under police protection.  The legislators have faced heavy criticism from Turkish officials, as well as from Turkish Germans. ](/news/2016/06/13/eleven-turkish-german-members-of-germany-s-parliament-the-bundestag-who-voted-in-support-of-declaring-the-ottoman-turks-slaughter-of-armen.md) _Context: Turkey, genocide of Armenians_
10. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan warns Germany against recognizing the Armenian Genocide. ](/news/2016/06/1/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-warns-germany-against-recognizing-the-armenian-genocide.md) _Context: Turkey, genocide of Armenians_
