### [2012-09-26](/news/2012/09/26/index.md)

# Ireland's Minister of State for Primary Care Risn Shortall resigns due to a dispute with Minister for Health James Reilly. She also resigns from the Labour Party. 

Roisin Shortall has resigned as junior minister for health, over what she described as a &quot;lack of support for the reforms in the Programme for Government and the values which underpin it&quot;.


### Source:

1. [RTE](http://www.rte.ie/news/2012/0926/reilly-and-shortall-meeting-tense-and-difficult.html)
2. [The Irish Times](http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/breaking/2012/0926/breaking52.html)

### Related:

1. [Voters in Ireland go to the polls for a general election. Exit polls indicate that the ruling coalition of Fine Gael party led by Enda Kenny and the Labour Party will fall short of re-election with 34% of the vote between them. ](/news/2016/02/26/voters-in-ireland-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-exit-polls-indicate-that-the-ruling-coalition-of-fine-gael-party-led-by-enda-kenny.md) _Context: Ireland, Labour Party_
2. [Veteran Labour Party TD Michael D. Higgins writes to the Irish Department of Justice regarding the activities of undercover British police officer Mark Kennedy, who infiltrated protest movements across Europe, including several on Republic of Ireland territory. He describes it as "of grave concern" and that "this type of activity undermines respect for the law and it is very sinister in that it can damage good causes." ](/news/2011/01/15/veteran-labour-party-td-michael-d-higgins-writes-to-the-irish-department-of-justice-regarding-the-activities-of-undercover-british-police-o.md) _Context: Ireland, Labour Party_
3. [Veteran Irish Labour Party TD Michael D. Higgins demands that the British government explain why one of Britain's undercover policemen was operating on Republic of Ireland territory on May Day 2004, as the European Union expanded to the east. Higgins compares it to illegal activities carried out by British state agents in the same country during the 1970s. ](/news/2011/01/14/veteran-irish-labour-party-td-michael-d-higgins-demands-that-the-british-government-explain-why-one-of-britain-s-undercover-policemen-was-o.md) _Context: Ireland, Labour Party_
4. [Ireland's Labour Party tops an opinion poll, the first time in the country's history that this has occurred and an event which would "radically alter" Irish politics in a general election. ](/news/2010/06/10/ireland-s-labour-party-tops-an-opinion-poll-the-first-time-in-the-country-s-history-that-this-has-occurred-and-an-event-which-would-radica.md) _Context: Ireland, Labour Party_
5. [ An institutional child abuse museum is suggested in Ireland by the Labour Party's Ruairi Quinn, with Education Minister Batt O'Keeffe criticising the Opposition on the issue. ](/news/2009/07/7/an-institutional-child-abuse-museum-is-suggested-in-ireland-by-the-labour-party-s-ruairi-quinn-with-education-minister-batt-o-keeffe-criti.md) _Context: Ireland, Labour Party_
6. [A 3 year-old boy is stabbed to death in an incident in the Poddle Park area of Kimmage in Dublin, Ireland. The child's mother, believed to be an Iranian national, is being treated for knife wounds in hospital. ](/news/2017/07/10/a-3-year-old-boy-is-stabbed-to-death-in-an-incident-in-the-poddle-park-area-of-kimmage-in-dublin-ireland-the-child-s-mother-believed-to-b.md) _Context: Ireland_
7. [Leo Varadkar becomes the new party leader of Fine Gael, after winning 51 of 73 votes in the parliamentary party, and is expected to become Taoiseach (Prime Minister) of Ireland, which would make him the youngest and first openly gay man to be Taoiseach, as well as being the first of half-Indian descent. ](/news/2017/06/2/leo-varadkar-becomes-the-new-party-leader-of-fine-gael-after-winning-51-of-73-votes-in-the-parliamentary-party-and-is-expected-to-become-t.md) _Context: Ireland_
8. [Leo Varadkar becomes the first gay Taoiseach of the Republic of Ireland. ](/news/2017/06/14/leo-varadkar-becomes-the-first-gay-taoiseach-of-the-republic-of-ireland.md) _Context: Ireland_
9. [European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expatriates.md) _Context: Ireland_
10. [A mass grave is discovered at a former Catholic orphanage in Tuam, Ireland, containing "significant quantities of human remains", all of them children. It is alleged over 800 children died at this orphanage and most were buried in the 1950s. ](/news/2017/03/3/a-mass-grave-is-discovered-at-a-former-catholic-orphanage-in-tuam-ireland-containing-asignificant-quantities-of-human-remainsa-all-of.md) _Context: Ireland_
