### [2012-09-26](/news/2012/09/26/index.md)

# Trade unions in Greece call a general strike in protest against continuing austerity measures. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-19724284)

### Related:

1. [Greek government-debt crisis:Greek labor unions begin a general strike to protest ongoing government austerity measures shuting down public medical, educational, and transportational services. ](/news/2014/11/27/greek-government-debt-crisis-pgreek-labor-unions-begin-a-general-strike-to-protest-ongoing-government-austerity-measures-shuting-down-public.md) _Context: Greece, general strike_
2. [Unions in Greece call a general strike over new austerity measures. ](/news/2013/07/16/unions-in-greece-call-a-general-strike-over-new-austerity-measures.md) _Context: Greece, general strike_
3. [Amid major riots and a general strike, the Hellenic Parliament approves a highly controversial package of austerity measures aimed at resolving Greece's ongoing debt crisis. The austerity measures include higher taxes and cuts to public sector wages. ](/news/2011/10/20/amid-major-riots-and-a-general-strike-the-hellenic-parliament-approves-a-highly-controversial-package-of-austerity-measures-aimed-at-resolv.md) _Context: Greece, general strike_
4. [A man is killed and at least 74 people are injured in major riots in the Greek capital Athens on the second day of a nationwide general strike, as Greeks protest in their thousands against new austerity measures intended to alleviate the country's ongoing debt crisis. ](/news/2011/10/20/a-man-is-killed-and-at-least-74-people-are-injured-in-major-riots-in-the-greek-capital-athens-on-the-second-day-of-a-nationwide-general-stri.md) _Context: Greece, general strike_
5. [2010-2011 Greek protests:Greek trade unions go on a general strike with transport links including airline flights being cancelled. ](/news/2011/06/28/2010a2011-greek-protests-pgreek-trade-unions-go-on-a-general-strike-with-transport-links-including-airline-flights-being-cancelled.md) _Context: general strike, unionize_
6. [Trade unions in India declare a bandh or general strike to protest a hike in fuel prices. India is crippled. ](/news/2010/09/7/trade-unions-in-india-declare-a-bandh-or-general-strike-to-protest-a-hike-in-fuel-prices-india-is-crippled.md) _Context: general strike, unionize_
7. [ 2007 Guinean general strike: Unions in Guinea resume a general strike to protest the President of Guinea Lansana Conte appointing Eugene Camara as Prime Minister of Guinea. At least 17 people have died in protests over the weekend. The protest started on the morning of the 12th with a march from the centre of Conakry to the palace. Widespread problems with armed bandits taking advantage of the insecurity have also been reported. Lansana Conte has now declared a state of emergency. ](/news/2007/02/12/2007-guinean-general-strike-unions-in-guinea-resume-a-general-strike-to-protest-the-president-of-guinea-lansana-conta-c-appointing-euga-ne.md) _Context: general strike, unionize_
8. [ A general strike starts in Guinea, with trade unions calling for pay rises, the return to jail of Mamadou Sylla and the resignation of President Lansana Conte. ](/news/2007/01/10/a-general-strike-starts-in-guinea-with-trade-unions-calling-for-pay-rises-the-return-to-jail-of-mamadou-sylla-and-the-resignation-of-pres.md) _Context: general strike, unionize_
9. [Two million to three million trade union members rally in Rome in protest both of labor legislation filed by Prime Minister of Italy Silvio Berlusconi and of the assassination of Marco Biagi, an advisor to the Labor Minister, by the re-formed Red Brigades.  Labor leaders threaten a general strike if the legislation is passed.](/news/2002/03/23/two-million-to-three-million-trade-union-members-rally-in-rome-in-protest-both-of-labor-legislation-filed-by-prime-minister-of-italy-silvio.md) _Context: general strike, unionize_
10. [The Zimbabwe Congress of Trade Unions calls a three-day general strike protesting police interference with union meetings, harassment of trade unionists, and general lawlessness following the general elections, which has led to slow-downs in business.  In South Korea, 5,600 power plant workers are on the 25th day of their strike, protesting the neoliberal government plans to privatize the state-run electricity plants.  A vote among the remaining power plant workers to strike is cancelled due to company interference.](/news/2002/03/19/the-zimbabwe-congress-of-trade-unions-calls-a-three-day-general-strike-protesting-police-interference-with-union-meetings-harassment-of-tra.md) _Context: general strike, unionize_
