### [2006-10-17](/news/2006/10/17/index.md)

#  UN Security Council election: The contest between Guatemala and Venezuela for a seat on the United Nations Security Council remains stalemated after a second day of voting. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/6059990.stm)

### Related:

1. [ UN Security Council election: The United Nations General Assembly elects Belgium, Indonesia, Italy and South Africa to two-year terms on the Security Council, commencing 1 January 2007. The fifth seat remains deadlocked after ten rounds of voting between Guatemala and Venezuela and may be thrown open to other candidates from Latin America and the Caribbean. ](/news/2006/10/16/un-security-council-election-the-united-nations-general-assembly-elects-belgium-indonesia-italy-and-south-africa-to-two-year-terms-on-th.md) _Context: After 48 rounds of voting, Guatemala, Security Council, United Nations, Venezuela_
2. [ After 48 rounds of voting, Panama is elected to a non-permanent seat on the United Nations Security Council. ](/news/2006/11/7/after-48-rounds-of-voting-panama-is-elected-to-a-non-permanent-seat-on-the-united-nations-security-council.md) _Context: After 48 rounds of voting, Security Council, United Nations_
3. [Guatemala arrests 11 in a public hospital, medicine-buying kickback scheme. Two others remain at large, including  Gustavo Alejos Cambara, the former private secretary to ex-President Alvaro Colom. A U.N. commission set up to tackle criminal networks in Guatemala participated in the investigation. ](/news/2015/10/27/guatemala-arrests-11-in-a-public-hospital-medicine-buying-kickback-scheme-two-others-remain-at-large-including-gustavo-alejos-cambara-t.md) _Context: Guatemala, United Nations_
4. [A United Nations investigation clears Guatemalan President Alvaro Colom in the murder of lawyer Rodrigo Rosenberg Marzano, and rules that Rosenberg plotted his own murder. ](/news/2010/01/12/a-united-nations-investigation-clears-guatemalan-president-alvaro-colom-in-the-murder-of-lawyer-rodrigo-rosenberg-marzano-and-rules-that-r.md) _Context: Guatemala, United Nations_
5. [ Venezuela and Guatemala have agreed to withdraw from the race for a seat on the United Nations Security Council; both agreeing to support Panama after 47 rounds of voting. ](/news/2006/11/1/venezuela-and-guatemala-have-agreed-to-withdraw-from-the-race-for-a-seat-on-the-united-nations-security-council-both-agreeing-to-support-p.md) _Context: Guatemala, Venezuela_
6. [ United Nations says eight Guatemalan special forces soldiers deployed as U.N. peacekeepers in eastern DR Congo were killed and five wounded in a battle with Ugandan LRA rebels. ](/news/2006/01/23/united-nations-says-eight-guatemalan-special-forces-soldiers-deployed-as-u-n-peacekeepers-in-eastern-dr-congo-were-killed-and-five-wounded.md) _Context: Guatemala, United Nations_
7. [The U.S.  imposes new sanctions on eight Venezuelan officials, including Secretary of the 2017 Constituent Assembly Adan Chavez - the late President Hugo Chavez's brother,  to "deter further democratic backsliding" in the South American country. ](/news/2017/08/9/the-u-s-imposes-new-sanctions-on-eight-venezuelan-officials-including-secretary-of-the-2017-constituent-assembly-ada-n-cha-vez-the-late.md) _Context: Venezuela_
8. [Socorro Flores Liera, Mexico's deputy foreign minister for Latin America and the Caribbean, speaks during an interview with Reuters in Mexico City, that during the first half of 2017, 1,420 Venezuelans have sought asylum in Mexico, a nearly four-fold jump compared to the 361 total Venezuelan asylum applicants for all of 2016, as the result of Venezuela's deepening political and economic crisis. ](/news/2017/08/4/socorro-flores-liera-mexico-s-deputy-foreign-minister-for-latin-america-and-the-caribbean-speaks-during-an-interview-with-reuters-in-mexic.md) _Context: Venezuela_
9. [South American trade bloc Mercosur will trigger its democratic clause this weekend to suspend Venezuela indefinitely, furthering its past temporary suspension, and not allow the country back until internal political issues have been resolved. ](/news/2017/08/3/south-american-trade-bloc-mercosur-will-trigger-its-democratic-clause-this-weekend-to-suspend-venezuela-indefinitely-furthering-its-past-te.md) _Context: Venezuela_
10. [Venezuelan security forces raid a prison in Puerto Ayacucho, Amazonas State, killing at least 37 inmates. Amazonas Governor Liborio Guarulla describes the killings as a "massacre". ](/news/2017/08/16/venezuelan-security-forces-raid-a-prison-in-puerto-ayacucho-amazonas-state-killing-at-least-37-inmates-amazonas-governor-liborio-guarulla.md) _Context: Venezuela_
