### [2012-12-29](/news/2012/12/29/index.md)

# Syrian civil war:. The LCC report that up to 400 people have been killed across Syria on Saturday, including about 200 reported executed by the Syrian Army in the Deir Ballba neighborhood of Homs. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2012/12/29/world/meast/syria-civil-war/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Syrian civil war. Several bombings kill at least 40 people in government and Kurdish held territory across Syria, including Tartus, Homs, Al-Hasakah and Damascus. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/09/5/syrian-civil-war-several-bombings-kill-at-least-40-people-in-government-and-kurdish-held-territory-across-syria-including-tartus-homs-al.md) _Context: Homs, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Syrian civil war. American-led intervention in Syria. The United States acknowledges that its warplanes may have hit a Syrian Army position near Deir ez-Zor Airport in eastern Syria, while conducting an operation against ISIL, killing more than 60 Syrian troops. ](/news/2016/09/17/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-the-united-states-acknowledges-that-its-warplanes-may-have-hit-a-syrian-army-position.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian Civil War. Palmyra offensive (March 2016). Airstrikes by Syrian or Russian warplanes on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah in northern Syria, leaves at least 39 people dead, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. Airstrikes on the city of Palmyra and nearby villages are said to have killed at least 18 ISIL militants, as the Syrian Army advance on the city. ](/news/2016/03/19/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-march-2016-airstrikes-by-syrian-or-russian-warplanes-on-isil-s-de-facto-capital-al-raqqah-in-northern.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian Civil War. February 2016 Homs bombings. Twin bomb blasts hit the Syrian city of Homs with at least 57 people reportedly killed and more than 100 injured. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/02/21/syrian-civil-war-february-2016-homs-bombings-twin-bomb-blasts-hit-the-syrian-city-of-homs-with-at-least-57-people-reportedly-killed-and-mo.md) _Context: Homs, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Syrian Civil War. A suicide bomb attack on a Syrian Army (SAA) checkpoint in the city of Homs kills at least 22 people, including around a dozen soldiers. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/01/26/syrian-civil-war-a-suicide-bomb-attack-on-a-syrian-army-saa-checkpoint-in-the-city-of-homs-kills-at-least-22-people-including-around-a-d.md) _Context: Homs, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian Civil War. The Syrian Army takes control of the strategic Turkmen town of Rabia in Syria's Latakia Governorate. The town had been under rebel control since 2012. ](/news/2016/01/24/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-army-takes-control-of-the-strategic-turkmen-town-of-rabia-in-syria-s-latakia-governorate-the-town-had-been-und.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian Civil War. 2016 Deir ez-Zor massacre. At least 75 Syrian Army soldiers and pro-Assad militiamen are killed following a multi-front attack on the eastern Syrian city of Deir ez-Zor by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant forces. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports ISIL fighters had advanced into the northern tip of Deir ez-Zor city, and captured the suburb of Al-Baghaliyeh. The pro-government Syrian Arab News Agency (SANA) reports that government forces had repelled an attack on the city leaving dozens of militants dead. ](/news/2016/01/16/syrian-civil-war-2016-deir-ez-zor-massacre-at-least-75-syrian-army-soldiers-and-pro-assad-militiamen-are-killed-following-a-multi-front-at.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian Civil War. Syria's government says a U.S.-led military coalition airstrike on a Syrian Army camp in the eastern Deir ez-Zor Governorate, killed three Syrian soldiers and wounded 13 others. A senior U.S. military official denied responsibility for the airstrike and said that the U.S. is certain it was a Russian airstrike. ](/news/2015/12/7/syrian-civil-war-syria-s-government-says-a-u-s-led-military-coalition-airstrike-on-a-syrian-army-camp-in-the-eastern-deir-ez-zor-governora.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian Civil War. At least 32 people are killed and 90 injured following a car bomb and suicide-bomb attack in the al-Zahra district of the Syrian city of Homs. ](/news/2015/12/28/syrian-civil-war-at-least-32-people-are-killed-and-90-injured-following-a-car-bomb-and-suicide-bomb-attack-in-the-al-zahra-district-of-the.md) _Context: Homs, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian Civil War. Sixteen people are killed and many more injured by a car bomb and a second, delayed explosion near a hospital in Syria's mainly Alawite, government-controlled neighborhood of al-Zahra, east of Homs' old city, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports. The attack comes just five days after the government and rebels agreed on a local ceasefire in the western al-Waer suburb. ](/news/2015/12/12/syrian-civil-war-sixteen-people-are-killed-and-many-more-injured-by-a-car-bomb-and-a-second-delayed-explosion-near-a-hospital-in-syria-s-m.md) _Context: Homs, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
