### [2017-01-9](/news/2017/01/9/index.md)

# January 2017 Jerusalem vehicular attack: Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu blames the Islamic State for the attack that killed four soldiers and injured 15 others in East Jerusalem. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2017/01/08/middleeast/jerusalem-vehicle-attack/index.html)

### Related:

1. [January 2017 Jerusalem vehicular attack: A truck rams into a group of Israeli soldiers in a deliberate attack in East Jerusalem, killing four and wounding 21. The perpetrator was previously convicted of terrorism and was jailed for 10 years. ](/news/2017/01/8/january-2017-jerusalem-vehicular-attack-a-truck-rams-into-a-group-of-israeli-soldiers-in-a-deliberate-attack-in-east-jerusalem-killing-fou.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, January 2017 Jerusalem vehicular attack_
2. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu orders a review of the status of certain Palestinian neighborhoods in East Jerusalem. Netanyahu says he is considering revoking residency status for Palestinians living there, according to Israel's Channel 2. ](/news/2015/10/26/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-orders-a-review-of-the-status-of-certain-palestinian-neighborhoods-in-east-jerusalem-netanyahu-sa.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, East Jerusalem_
3. [Middle East:: Israel refuses renewed calls to stop building homes in East Jerusalem, with a representative of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu stating in writing: "Israeli construction policy in Jerusalem has remained the same for 42 years and isn-t changing". ](/news/2010/03/26/middle-east-israel-refuses-renewed-calls-to-stop-building-homes-in-east-jerusalem-with-a-representative-of-prime-minister-benjamin-netany.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, East Jerusalem_
4. [Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu launches an inquiry into how plans for hundreds of new homes in East Jerusalem were announced.](/news/2010/03/13/israeli-prime-minister-binyamin-netanyahu-launches-an-inquiry-into-how-plans-for-hundreds-of-new-homes-in-east-jerusalem-were-announced.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, East Jerusalem_
5. [Israel-Jordan relations: 2017 Amman incident: Israel's embassy staff in Jordan, including a security guard involved in a shooting incident in which two Jordanians were killed yesterday, return to Israel from Amman. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu thanked U.S. President Donald Trump and Jordan's King Abdullah for their help and cooperation. ](/news/2017/07/24/israel-jordan-relations-2017-amman-incident-israel-s-embassy-staff-in-jordan-including-a-security-guard-involved-in-a-shooting-incident.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu_
6. [Politics of Israel: The Jewish Agency for Israel Board of Governors cancels Monday's dinner with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to protest Sunday's decision by his cabinet to rescind plans for a mixed-gender prayer area at Jerusalem's Western Wall, a compromise agreement reached after three years of intense negotiations. ](/news/2017/06/26/politics-of-israel-the-jewish-agency-for-israel-board-of-governors-cancels-monday-s-dinner-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-t.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu_
7. [Battle of Mosul: Two Iraqi Army pilots are killed when their Mi-24 helicopter is shot down by ISIS over the city of Mosul. ](/news/2017/04/6/battle-of-mosul-two-iraqi-army-pilots-are-killed-when-their-mi-24-helicopter-is-shot-down-by-isis-over-the-city-of-mosul.md) _Context: ISIS_
8. [Germany-Israel relations: Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu cancels a visit with the foreign minister of Germany Sigmar Gabriel after the latter's refusal to cancel a meeting with the Israel Defense Forces veterans NGO Breaking the Silence saying the group "slanders IDF soldiers as war criminals](/news/2017/04/25/germany-israel-relations-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-cancels-a-visit-with-the-foreign-minister-of-germany-sigmar-gabriel.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu_
9. [Raqqa offensive: U.S.-backed SDF forces on two fronts meet up northeast of Raqqa, encircling a pocket of villages still held by ISIS. ](/news/2017/02/22/raqqa-offensive-u-s-backed-sdf-forces-on-two-fronts-meet-up-northeast-of-raqqa-encircling-a-pocket-of-villages-still-held-by-isis.md) _Context: ISIS_
10. [Israeli settlement: Following the inauguration of Donald Trump as President of the United States, Israel approves the construction of 566 new settlement homes in East Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/01/22/israeli-settlement-following-the-inauguration-of-donald-trump-as-president-of-the-united-states-israel-approves-the-construction-of-566-ne.md) _Context: East Jerusalem_
