### [2017-01-9](/news/2017/01/9/index.md)

# Lawyers of former Chadian President Hissene Habre, who was convicted of crimes against humanity last May and sentenced to life in prison, appeal the verdict, claiming there were irregularities in the trial and question the credibility of some witnesses. 

Former president’s lawyers claim trial last year contained irregularities and question credibility of some witnesses


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/jan/09/chad-dictator-hissene-habre-appeals-against-war-crimes-contviction)

### Related:

1. [The Extraordinary African Chambers tribunal in Dakar, Senegal, upholds its conviction of former Chadian president Hissene Habre for crimes against humanity, but acquits him of rape. ](/news/2017/04/27/the-extraordinary-african-chambers-tribunal-in-dakar-senegal-upholds-its-conviction-of-former-chadian-president-hissa-ne-habra-c-for-crimes.md) _Context: Hissène Habré, crimes against humanity_
2. [Lawyers for former President of Chad Hissene Habre, who was recently found guilty of crimes against humanity and sentenced to life in prison, appeal the verdict. However, a tribunal spokesman said the appeal process is not expected to be done before April 2017. ](/news/2016/06/12/lawyers-for-former-president-of-chad-hissa-ne-habra-c-who-was-recently-found-guilty-of-crimes-against-humanity-and-sentenced-to-life-in-pris.md) _Context: Chadian President, Hissène Habré_
3. [Court proceedings against former Chadian President Hissene Habre commence in Senegal, with charges including war crimes, crimes against humanity, and torture. ](/news/2013/07/2/court-proceedings-against-former-chadian-president-hissa-ne-habra-c-commence-in-senegal-with-charges-including-war-crimes-crimes-against-hu.md) _Context: Chadian President, Hissène Habré_
4. [Belgium asks the International Court of Justice to order Senegal to put former Chadian President Hissne Habr on trial or to extradite him on charges of torture and crimes against humanity. ](/news/2012/03/12/belgium-asks-the-international-court-of-justice-to-order-senegal-to-put-former-chadian-president-hissene-habre-on-trial-or-to-extradite-him.md) _Context: Chadian President, crimes against humanity_
5. [A Filipino lawyer files a complaint of "mass murder and crimes against humanity" against Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte and eleven other officials at the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2017/04/24/a-filipino-lawyer-files-a-complaint-of-mass-murder-and-crimes-against-humanity-against-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-and-eleven-ot.md) _Context: crimes against humanity_
6. [Simone Gbagbo, the former First Lady of Ivory Coast, is acquitted of crimes against humanity. She remains in prison for a previous conviction for undermining state security. ](/news/2017/03/28/simone-gbagbo-the-former-first-lady-of-ivory-coast-is-acquitted-of-crimes-against-humanity-she-remains-in-prison-for-a-previous-convictio.md) _Context: crimes against humanity_
7. [The United Nations Human Rights Council releases a report detailing mass atrocities by the military and police forces against Myanmar's Rohingya minority, including gang-rapes, mass killings, and possible ethnic cleansing, which could amount to crimes against humanity. ](/news/2017/02/3/the-united-nations-human-rights-council-releases-a-report-detailing-mass-atrocities-by-the-military-and-police-forces-against-myanmar-s-rohi.md) _Context: crimes against humanity_
8. [United Nations officials announce the creation of a new team in Geneva to investigate possible war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide during the Syrian Civil War in order to prepare for future prosecutions of those responsible. ](/news/2017/02/16/united-nations-officials-announce-the-creation-of-a-new-team-in-geneva-to-investigate-possible-war-crimes-crimes-against-humanity-and-genoc.md) _Context: crimes against humanity_
9. [According to Myanmar's military, it has ended its "clearance operation" against the country's Rohingya minority in Rakhine State, which the United Nations says may amount to ethnic cleansing and crimes against humanity. ](/news/2017/02/16/according-to-myanmar-s-military-it-has-ended-its-clearance-operation-against-the-country-s-rohingya-minority-in-rakhine-state-which-the.md) _Context: crimes against humanity_
10. [A French court sentences two former Rwandan mayors of the town of Kabarondo to life in prison on charges of crimes against humanity and genocide committed during the Rwandan Genocide in 1994. During the genocide, Hutu extremists massacred over 2,000 Tutsi who sought refuge in the town. ](/news/2016/07/7/a-french-court-sentences-two-former-rwandan-mayors-of-the-town-of-kabarondo-to-life-in-prison-on-charges-of-crimes-against-humanity-and-geno.md) _Context: crimes against humanity_
