### [2017-01-9](/news/2017/01/9/index.md)

# Renewable Heat Incentive scandal. Martin McGuinness of Sinn Fein resigns as the NI deputy first minister in protest of handling by the Democratic Unionist Party of a failed energy scheme that cost Northern Irish taxpayers GBP490 million. His decision will likely lead to a snap election. 

Martin McGuinness steps down in protest against the handling of a botched energy scheme - a move likely to spark a snap election in Northern Ireland.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-northern-ireland-38561507)

### Related:

1. [Northern Ireland Assembly election, 2017. Northern Irish voters go to the polls to elect their new MLA representatives after a snap election was called following the resignation of Deputy First minister Martin McGuinness of Sinn Fin over the mishandling by Democratic Unionist Party over the recent Renewable Heat Incentive scandal. ](/news/2017/03/2/northern-ireland-assembly-election-2017-northern-irish-voters-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-their-new-mla-representatives-after-a-snap-election.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Martin McGuinness, Northern Irish, Renewable Heat Incentive scandal_
2. [Northern Ireland Assembly election, 2017. Renewable Heat Incentive scandal. The Secretary of State for Northern Ireland James Brokenshire announces a snap election is to take place on March 2 to elect members to the Northern Ireland Assembly after the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) and Sinn Fein failed to agree on a power-sharing agreement. ](/news/2017/01/16/northern-ireland-assembly-election-2017-renewable-heat-incentive-scandal-the-secretary-of-state-for-northern-ireland-james-brokenshire-an.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Renewable Heat Incentive scandal, Sinn Fein_
3. [Former Northern Irish First Minister Peter Robinson, leader of the Democratic Unionist Party, tells "The Sunday Times" that the conduct of his wife, politician Iris Robinson, with her young lover has led him to shake hands with deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness (Sinn Fein) for the first time. ](/news/2010/01/17/former-northern-irish-first-minister-peter-robinson-leader-of-the-democratic-unionist-party-tells-the-sunday-times-that-the-conduct-of-h.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Martin McGuinness, Sinn Fein_
4. [ Home rule returns to Northern Ireland. DUP leader Ian Paisley and Sinn Fein's Martin McGuinness take office as First Minister and Deputy First Minister, respectively. ](/news/2007/05/8/home-rule-returns-to-northern-ireland-dup-leader-ian-paisley-and-sinn-fa-c-in-s-martin-mcguinness-take-office-as-first-minister-and-deputy-f.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Martin McGuinness, Sinn Fein_
5. [Northern Ireland Assembly election, 2017. The deadline for the Government formation in Northern Ireland has expired following the refusal of the Democratic Unionist Party and Sinn Fein to enter a power sharing agreement with each other, with both parties blaming each other for the impasse. ](/news/2017/03/27/northern-ireland-assembly-election-2017-the-deadline-for-the-government-formation-in-northern-ireland-has-expired-following-the-refusal-of.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Sinn Fein_
6. [Sinn Fein politician Martin McGuinness retires from politics for health reasons. ](/news/2017/01/19/sinn-fa-c-in-politician-martin-mcguinness-retires-from-politics-for-health-reasons.md) _Context: Martin McGuinness, Sinn Fein_
7. [Sinn Fein-s Martin McGuinness, the Deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland accepts an invitation to attend several events during the forthcoming State visit of Irish President Michael D. Higgins to the United Kingdom, including a banquet to be held by Elizabeth II at Windsor Castle. ](/news/2014/04/5/sinn-fa-c-in-s-martin-mcguinness-the-deputy-first-minister-of-northern-ireland-accepts-an-invitation-to-attend-several-events-during-the-fo.md) _Context: Martin McGuinness, Sinn Fein_
8. [Sinn Fein's Francie Molloy wins the Mid Ulster by-election, holding onto the seat vacated by Martin McGuinness at the end of 2012. ](/news/2013/03/8/sinn-fa-c-in-s-francie-molloy-wins-the-mid-ulster-by-election-holding-onto-the-seat-vacated-by-martin-mcguinness-at-the-end-of-2012.md) _Context: Martin McGuinness, Sinn Fein_
9. [Britain's Queen Elizabeth II and former IRA commander and Sinn Fein deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland Martin McGuinness shake hands at a historic meeting in Belfast. ](/news/2012/06/27/britain-s-queen-elizabeth-ii-and-former-ira-commander-and-sinn-fa-c-in-deputy-first-minister-of-northern-ireland-martin-mcguinness-shake-hands.md) _Context: Martin McGuinness, Sinn Fein_
10. [Sinn Fein nominate John O'Dowd to replace Martin McGuinness on a temporary basis as deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland. ](/news/2011/09/19/sinn-fa-c-in-nominate-john-o-dowd-to-replace-martin-mcguinness-on-a-temporary-basis-as-deputy-first-minister-of-northern-ireland.md) _Context: Martin McGuinness, Sinn Fein_
