### [2016-01-26](/news/2016/01/26/index.md)

# A U.S. drone strike kills at least 6 ISIL militants in Afghanistan's Nangarhar Province, according to the Afghan defense ministry. 




### Source:

1. [AL Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/01/attack-kills-10-afghan-police-160126083547130.html)
2. [The New Indian Express](http://www.newindianexpress.com/world/Six-IS-Militants-Killed-in-Afghanistan-US-Drone-Attack/2016/01/26/article3246076.ece)

### Related:

1. [The United States Air Force drops the GBU-43/B Massive Ordnance Air Blast in Nangarhar Province, Afghanistan, reportedly on an ISIL complex of tunnels and caves. This is the first use of the weapon on the battlefield.  ](/news/2017/04/13/the-united-states-air-force-drops-the-gbu-43-b-massive-ordnance-air-blast-in-nangarhar-province-afghanistan-reportedly-on-an-isil-complex.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Nangarhar Province, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
2. [A U.S. special forces service member is killed while taking part in an operation against ISIL militants in Afghanistan's eastern Nangarhar Province. ](/news/2017/04/8/a-u-s-special-forces-service-member-is-killed-while-taking-part-in-an-operation-against-isil-militants-in-afghanistan-s-eastern-nangarhar-p.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Nangarhar Province_
3. [Two U.S. service members are killed and a third is injured during a raid against ISIL militants in Afghanistan's Nangarhar Province. ](/news/2017/04/27/two-u-s-service-members-are-killed-and-a-third-is-injured-during-a-raid-against-isil-militants-in-afghanistan-s-nangarhar-province.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Nangarhar Province, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
4. [Fighting breaks out between ISIL militants and Afghan police in the Haska Mina District, Nangarhar Province, leaving six police officers and 15 militants dead, according to officials. ](/news/2016/06/11/fighting-breaks-out-between-isil-militants-and-afghan-police-in-the-haska-mina-district-nangarhar-province-leaving-six-police-officers-and.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Nangarhar Province, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
5. [A suicide bomber kills 12 new police recruits in the Nangarhar Province of Afghanistan. The Taliban claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/04/11/a-suicide-bomber-kills-12-new-police-recruits-in-the-nangarhar-province-of-afghanistan-the-taliban-claims-responsibility-for-the-attack.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Nangarhar Province, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
6. [Militants reportedly allied to the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant launch coordinated attacks on government positions in the eastern Nangarhar Province close to the border with Pakistan. Two police officers are reportedly killed. ](/news/2015/09/27/militants-reportedly-allied-to-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-launch-coordinated-attacks-on-government-positions-in-the-eastern-na.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Nangarhar Province, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
7. [Afghan Civil War:According to witnesses who fled fighting in Nangarhar province, fighters loyal to Islamic State seize substantial territory in Afghanistan for the first time, wresting areas in the east from rival Taliban insurgents in a new threat to stability, scorching opium poppy fields that help to fund the Taliban's campaign to overthrow the Afghan government. ](/news/2015/06/29/afghan-civil-war-paccording-to-witnesses-who-fled-fighting-in-nangarhar-province-fighters-loyal-to-islamic-state-seize-substantial-territor.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Nangarhar Province, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
8. [War in Afghanistan Taliban insurgents attack an Afghan military base in Mazar-e-Sharif, Balkh Province, killing more than 140 soldiers. It is said to be the deadliest attack of its kind ](/news/2017/04/21/war-in-afghanistan-ptaliban-insurgents-attack-an-afghan-military-base-in-mazar-e-sharif-balkh-province-killing-more-than-140-soldiers-it.md) _Context: Afghanistan, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
9. [The Afghan Ministry of Defense reports as many as 36 suspected ISIL militants were killed while no civilians were harmed in yesterday's bombing in Nangarhar Province using the so-called "mother of all bombs" (GBU-43). The ministry spokesman added these deaths have not been independently verified. ](/news/2017/04/14/the-afghan-ministry-of-defense-reports-as-many-as-36-suspected-isil-militants-were-killed-while-no-civilians-were-harmed-in-yesterday-s-bomb.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Nangarhar Province_
10. [A suicide bomber kills at least five people and wounds ten more near government offices in Kabul. ISIL claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/04/12/a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-five-people-and-wounds-ten-more-near-government-offices-in-kabul-isil-claims-responsibility-for-the-attack.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
