### [2016-01-26](/news/2016/01/26/index.md)

# Malaysian authorities find 13 bodies washed up on Johor beach believed to be Indonesian migrants. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters via Channel News Asia](http://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/asiapacific/malaysian-police-discover/2458782.html?cid=twtcna)

### Related:

1. [At least one person is dead, one missing and thousands evacuated as floods hit Malaysia with the states of Johor, Pahang and Terengganu worst affected. ](/news/2013/12/4/at-least-one-person-is-dead-one-missing-and-thousands-evacuated-as-floods-hit-malaysia-with-the-states-of-johor-pahang-and-terengganu-wors.md) _Context: Johor, Malaysia_
2. [A man holds thirty children and teachers hostage in a kindergarten in the city of Muar in Malaysia's Johor state; the hostages are all later rescued when police storm the classroom. ](/news/2011/07/7/a-man-holds-thirty-children-and-teachers-hostage-in-a-kindergarten-in-the-city-of-muar-in-malaysia-s-johor-state-the-hostages-are-all-later.md) _Context: Johor, Malaysia_
3. [2 people are killed and 29,000 are evacuated following floods in Johor, southern Malaysia. ](/news/2011/01/31/2-people-are-killed-and-29-000-are-evacuated-following-floods-in-johor-southern-malaysia.md) _Context: Johor, Malaysia_
4. [ About 60,000 people in Johor, Malaysia have been displaced by the 2006 Malaysian floods. ](/news/2006/12/22/about-60-000-people-in-johor-malaysia-have-been-displaced-by-the-2006-malaysian-floods.md) _Context: Johor, Malaysia_
5. [ The 2006 Malaysian floods caused by heavy monsoon rain force the evacuation of 26,000 people in the southern Malaysian state of Johor. Flooding is also reported in the southern states of Malacca and Negeri Sembilan but the situation there is not as serious. ](/news/2006/12/20/the-2006-malaysian-floods-caused-by-heavy-monsoon-rain-force-the-evacuation-of-26-000-people-in-the-southern-malaysian-state-of-johor-floo.md) _Context: Johor, Malaysia_
6. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Malaysia_
7. [Indonesia, Malaysia and the Philippines begin joint patrols in the pirate havens within the Celebes and Sulu Seas. ](/news/2017/06/19/indonesia-malaysia-and-the-philippines-begin-joint-patrols-in-the-pirate-havens-within-the-celebes-and-sulu-seas.md) _Context: Malaysia_
8. [North Korea temporarily bans all Malaysian nationals (estimated to be at least 11 people including embassy employees) from leaving the country amid a growing dispute between the two countries over the death of Kim Jong-nam, the half-brother of Kim Jong-un. Malaysian official Khairy Jamaluddin calls the move "tantamount to taking hostages". ](/news/2017/03/7/north-korea-temporarily-bans-all-malaysian-nationals-estimated-to-be-at-least-11-people-including-embassy-employees-from-leaving-the-count.md) _Context: Malaysia_
9. [Malaysia expels Kang Chol, North Korea's ambassador, after he criticised the former's investigation into the death of Kim Jong-nam. ](/news/2017/03/4/malaysia-expels-kang-chol-north-korea-s-ambassador-after-he-criticised-the-former-s-investigation-into-the-death-of-kim-jong-nam.md) _Context: Malaysia_
10. [Malaysia recalls its ambassador from North Korea amid an ongoing dispute over the alleged assassination of Kim Jong-nam by North Korean agents in the country. ](/news/2017/02/20/malaysia-recalls-its-ambassador-from-north-korea-amid-an-ongoing-dispute-over-the-alleged-assassination-of-kim-jong-nam-by-north-korean-agen.md) _Context: Malaysia_
