### [2016-01-26](/news/2016/01/26/index.md)

# Romania offers neighboring Moldova a $65 million (60 million euros) loan to help stave off economic collapse and keep the former Soviet Republic on a pro-European course, provided the Moldovan government implements major reforms. Government funds were needed to cover more than $1 billion that "disappeared" from three Moldovan banks in November 2014. In the frigid capital Chisinau, 15,000 people from both the pro-European and pro-Russian sides of the political divide, protested on Sunday against the current government and demanded new elections. Prime Minister Pavel Filip, who took office last week, is the country's sixth PM in a year. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/E/EU_ROMANIA_MOLDOVA?SITE=AP&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-romania-moldova-politics-idUSKCN0V41JK)
3. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/26/world/europe/oppositions-groups-in-moldova-unite-to-protest-new-government.html?_r=0)
3. [Cover Image](http://s2.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20160126&t=2&i=1112507462&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXNPEC0P0S4)

### Related:

1. [Protests continue in Moldova as thousands of anti-government protesters demonstrate in the capital Chisinau despite concessions given to the protesters last month by the government. ](/news/2016/04/24/protests-continue-in-moldova-as-thousands-of-anti-government-protesters-demonstrate-in-the-capital-chieinau-despite-concessions-given-to-t.md) _Context: Chisinau, Moldova_
2. [U.S. General Curtis Scaparrotti, the incoming head of the United States military forces in Europe, says he supports a permanent brigade-sized presence of U.S. combat troops in Eastern Europe to deter Russia's expanded and assertive actions. ](/news/2016/04/22/u-s-general-curtis-scaparrotti-the-incoming-head-of-the-united-states-military-forces-in-europe-says-he-supports-a-permanent-brigade-size.md) _Context: Europe, the Russian Federation_
3. [The United States Air Force sends 12 F-15C Eagles and 350 personnel to Iceland and the Netherlands to deter further Russian aggression in Europe. ](/news/2016/04/2/the-united-states-air-force-sends-12-f-15c-eagles-and-350-personnel-to-iceland-and-the-netherlands-to-deter-further-russian-aggression-in-eu.md) _Context: Europe, the Russian Federation_
4. [Thousands of people rally in the streets of Chisinau, the capital of Moldova, demanding reunification with Romania. The rally is meant to mark the 98th anniversary since the former Romanian province of Bessarabia was unified with the Kingdom of Romania on March 27, 1918. The protesters say unification with Romania is the way for corruption-ridden Moldova to move forward and join the European Union. ](/news/2016/03/27/thousands-of-people-rally-in-the-streets-of-chieinau-the-capital-of-moldova-demanding-reunification-with-romania-the-rally-is-meant-to.md) _Context: Chisinau, Moldova_
5. [Thousands of people in Moldova march against proposed candidate for Prime Minister Vlad Plahotniuc. ](/news/2016/01/14/thousands-of-people-in-moldova-march-against-proposed-candidate-for-prime-minister-vlad-plahotniuc.md) _Context: Moldova, Moldovan Prime Minister_

### Changes:

1. [Romania offers neighboring Moldova a $65 million (60 million euros) loan to help stave off economic collapse and keep the former Soviet Republic on a pro-European course, provided the Moldovan government implements major reforms. Government funds were needed to cover more than $1 billion that "disappeared" from three Moldovan banks in November 2014. In the frigid capital Chisinau, 15,000 people from both the pro-European and pro-Russian sides of the political divide, protested on Sunday against the current government and demanded new elections. Prime Minister Pavel Filip, who took office last week, is the country's sixth PM in a year. ](/news/2016/01/26/romania-offers-neighboring-moldova-a-65-million-60-million-euros-loan-to-help-stave-off-economic-collapse-and-keep-the-former-soviet-rep.md) _2017-08-25 03:44:24 (First version)_
2. [Moldova-Romania relations: Romania offers neighboring Moldova a $65 million (60 million euros) loan to help stave off economic collapse and keep the former Soviet Republic on a pro-European course, provided the Moldovan government implements major reforms. Government funds were needed to cover more than $1 billion that "disappeared" from three Moldovan banks in November 2014. In the frigid capital Chisinau, 15,000 people from both the pro-European and pro-Russian sides of the political divide, protested on Sunday against the current government and demanded new elections. Prime Minister Pavel Filip, who took office last week, is the country's sixth PM in a year. ](/news/2016/01/26/moldova-romania-relations-romania-offers-neighboring-moldova-a-65-million-60-million-euros-loan-to-help-stave-off-economic-collapse-an.md) _2017-08-27 03:44:46 (Update)_
2. [Romania offers neighboring Moldova a $65 million (60 million euros) loan to help stave off economic collapse and keep the former Soviet Republic on a pro-European course, provided the Moldovan government implements major reforms. Government funds were needed to cover more than $1 billion that "disappeared" from three Moldovan banks in November 2014. In the frigid capital Chisinau, 15,000 people from both the pro-European and pro-Russian sides of the political divide, protested on Sunday against the current government and demanded new elections. Prime Minister Pavel Filip, who took office last week, is the country's sixth PM in a year. ](/news/2016/01/26/romania-offers-neighboring-moldova-a-65-million-60-million-euros-loan-to-help-stave-off-economic-collapse-and-keep-the-former-soviet-repu.md) _(Current version)_
