### [2016-01-26](/news/2016/01/26/index.md)

# War in Afghanistan (2015-present): A U.S. drone strike kills at least 6 ISIL militants in Afghanistan's Nangarhar Province, according to the Afghan defense ministry. 




### Source:

1. [AL Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/01/attack-kills-10-afghan-police-160126083547130.html)
2. [The New Indian Express](http://www.newindianexpress.com/world/Six-IS-Militants-Killed-in-Afghanistan-US-Drone-Attack/2016/01/26/article3246076.ece)

### Related:

1. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): April 2017 Nangarhar airstrike: The United States Air Force drops the GBU-43/B Massive Ordnance Air Blast in Nangarhar Province, Afghanistan, reportedly on an ISIL complex of tunnels and caves. This is the first use of the weapon on the battlefield. ](/news/2017/04/13/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-april-2017-nangarhar-airstrike-the-united-states-air-force-drops-the-gbu-43-b-massive-ordnance-air-bla.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Nangarhar Province, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
2. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): An Afghan soldier kills 3 U.S. troops and injures 1 other in Achin, Nangarhar Province. The Taliban claims responsibility, saying the Afghan soldier was one of several Taliban infiltrators in the Afghan Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/06/10/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-an-afghan-soldier-kills-3-u-s-troops-and-injures-1-other-in-achin-nangarhar-province-the-taliban-cla.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Nangarhar Province, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
3. [War in Afghanistan: A U.S. special forces service member is killed while taking part in an operation against ISIL militants in Afghanistan's eastern Nangarhar Province. ](/news/2017/04/8/war-in-afghanistan-a-u-s-special-forces-service-member-is-killed-while-taking-part-in-an-operation-against-isil-militants-in-afghanistan-s.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Nangarhar Province_
4. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Two U.S. service members are killed and a third is injured during a raid against ISIL militants in Afghanistan's Nangarhar Province. ](/news/2017/04/27/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-two-u-s-service-members-are-killed-and-a-third-is-injured-during-a-raid-against-isil-militants-in-afgh.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Nangarhar Province, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
5. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Fighting breaks out between ISIL militants and Afghan police in the Haska Mina District, Nangarhar Province, leaving six police officers and 15 militants dead, according to officials. ](/news/2016/06/11/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-fighting-breaks-out-between-isil-militants-and-afghan-police-in-the-haska-mina-district-nangarhar-prov.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Nangarhar Province, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
6. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): A suicide bomber kills 12 new police recruits in the Nangarhar Province of Afghanistan. The Taliban claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/04/11/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-suicide-bomber-kills-12-new-police-recruits-in-the-nangarhar-province-of-afghanistan-the-taliban-cla.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Nangarhar Province, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
7. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Militants reportedly allied to the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant launch coordinated attacks on government positions in the eastern Nangarhar Province close to the border with Pakistan. Two police officers are reportedly killed. ](/news/2015/09/27/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-militants-reportedly-allied-to-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-launch-coordinated-attacks-on-g.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Nangarhar Province, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
8. [Afghan Civil War:: According to witnesses who fled fighting in Nangarhar province, fighters loyal to Islamic State seize substantial territory in Afghanistan for the first time, wresting areas in the east from rival Taliban insurgents in a new threat to stability, scorching opium poppy fields that help to fund the Taliban's campaign to overthrow the Afghan government. ](/news/2015/06/29/afghan-civil-war-according-to-witnesses-who-fled-fighting-in-nangarhar-province-fighters-loyal-to-islamic-state-seize-substantial-territo.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Nangarhar Province, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
9. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): A suicide bomber attacks a convoy in Afghanistan's Kabul province, killing a Georgian soldier and three civilians and wounding 13 others, including six Resolute Support personnel. ](/news/2017/08/3/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-suicide-bomber-attacks-a-convoy-in-afghanistan-s-kabul-province-killing-a-georgian-soldier-and-three.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
10. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): An explosion kills at least 29 people and injures dozens more at a Shia mosque in Herat, Afghanistan. ](/news/2017/08/1/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-an-explosion-kills-at-least-29-people-and-injures-dozens-more-at-a-shia-mosque-in-herat-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
