### [2013-04-5](/news/2013/04/5/index.md)

# 2013 Korean crisis:South Korea deploys two warships with Aegis missile-defense systems as a precautionary measure, following reports that North Korea had repositioned intermediate-range ballistic missiles to its east coast a day earlier. 

South Korea deploys two warships with missile-defence systems, reports say, after the North reportedly moved a mid-range missile to the coast.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-22037844)
2. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/asia/northkorea/9973577/North-Korea-missile-threat-latest-live.html)
3. [AFP via NDTV](http://www.ndtv.com/article/world/north-korea-warns-it-cannot-protect-embassies-after-april-10-350633)

### Related:

1. [South Korea reports that North Korea has tested two BM25 Musudan intermediate-range ballistic missiles. ](/news/2016/06/22/south-korea-reports-that-north-korea-has-tested-two-bm25-musudan-intermediate-range-ballistic-missiles.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, intermediate-range ballistic missile_
2. [North Korea attempts again to launch a BM25 Musudan intermediate-range ballistic missile capable of striking South Korea or Japan but is unsuccessful. ](/news/2016/05/31/north-korea-attempts-again-to-launch-a-bm25-musudan-intermediate-range-ballistic-missile-capable-of-striking-south-korea-or-japan-but-is-uns.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, intermediate-range ballistic missile_
3. [South Korea's Yonhap news agency reports that North Korea tried to launch a BM25 Musudan intermediate-range ballistic missile but was unsuccessful. ](/news/2016/04/15/south-korea-s-yonhap-news-agency-reports-that-north-korea-tried-to-launch-a-bm25-musudan-intermediate-range-ballistic-missile-but-was-unsucc.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, intermediate-range ballistic missile_
4. [Aftermath of the 2013 Korean crisis:North Korea warns against an underway joint military drill by South Korea and the United States, stating that the exercise could jeopardize a recent easing of tension on the Korean Peninsula. ](/news/2013/08/29/aftermath-of-the-2013-korean-crisis-pnorth-korea-warns-against-an-underway-joint-military-drill-by-south-korea-and-the-united-states-statin.md) _Context: 2013 Korean crisis, North Korea, South Korea_
5. [2013 Korean crisis: North and South Korea agree to reopen the jointly-operated Kaesong Industrial Region. ](/news/2013/08/14/2013-korean-crisis-north-and-south-korea-agree-to-reopen-the-jointly-operated-kaesong-industrial-region.md) _Context: 2013 Korean crisis, North Korea, South Korea_
6. [2013 Korean crisis:A senior South Korean government official says that North Korea may be preparing for its fourth nuclear test, as increased activity is detected at its main test site. However, the South Korean Defence Ministry denied having clear signs that the test may be imminent. ](/news/2013/04/8/2013-korean-crisis-pa-senior-south-korean-government-official-says-that-north-korea-may-be-preparing-for-its-fourth-nuclear-test-as-increas.md) _Context: 2013 Korean crisis, North Korea, South Korea_
7. [2013 Korean crisis:South Korea's Ministry of Unification says that North Korea is denying workers entry to joint-Korean Kaesong complex amid tensions on the peninsula. The Ministry of Defence will consider a military action if the workers' security is threatened. The U.S. Navy sends USS ''John McCain'' and USS ''Decatur'' into the area. ](/news/2013/04/3/2013-korean-crisis-psouth-korea-s-ministry-of-unification-says-that-north-korea-is-denying-workers-entry-to-joint-korean-kaesong-complex-ami.md) _Context: 2013 Korean crisis, North Korea, South Korea_
8. [2013 Korean crisis:North Korea blocks a delegation of South Korean businessmen from delivering food and supplies to 200 of their staff inside the closed Kaesong joint industrial zone. ](/news/2013/04/17/2013-korean-crisis-pnorth-korea-blocks-a-delegation-of-south-korean-businessmen-from-delivering-food-and-supplies-to-200-of-their-staff-insi.md) _Context: 2013 Korean crisis, North Korea, South Korea_
9. [2013 Korean crisis:North Korea issues an "ultimatum" to South Korea, demanding blanket apologies and an immediate cessation of anti-DPRK activities. Some protesters in Seoul were noted burning portraits of North Korean leaders on Monday, while North Korea celebrated the birthday of the late Kim Il-sung. The new threat comes amid what is otherwise perceived as an easing of tensions on the Korean Peninsula. North Korean authorities say that an attack may occur without warning at any moment. ](/news/2013/04/16/2013-korean-crisis-pnorth-korea-issues-an-ultimatum-to-south-korea-demanding-blanket-apologies-and-an-immediate-cessation-of-anti-dprk-ac.md) _Context: 2013 Korean crisis, North Korea, South Korea_
10. [2013 Korean crisis:North Korea rebuffs an offer of dialogue by South Korea. ](/news/2013/04/14/2013-korean-crisis-pnorth-korea-rebuffs-an-offer-of-dialogue-by-south-korea.md) _Context: 2013 Korean crisis, North Korea, South Korea_
