### [2013-04-5](/news/2013/04/5/index.md)

# Queen Elizabeth of the United Kingdom receives an honorary BAFTA award for her support of British film and television and she is honored as the "most memorable Bond girl" for her appearance at the 2012 London Olympics. 




### Source:

1. [Channel NewsAsia](http://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/entertainment/queen-elizabeth-honoured-as-most-memorab/628224.html)

### Related:

1. [U.S. President Barack Obama, in an op-ed in London's ''Daily Telegraph'', urges Britons  to keep the U.K. in the European Union. Tomorrow, Obama is scheduled to have lunch with Prince Philip and Queen Elizabeth, who celebrated her 90th birthday today. He then will hold talks with Prime Minister David Cameron. ](/news/2016/04/21/u-s-president-barack-obama-in-an-op-ed-in-london-s-daily-telegraph-urges-britons-to-keep-the-u-k-in-the-european-union-tomorrow-o.md) _Context: Elizabeth II, UK_
2. [Elizabeth II, queen regnant of the United Kingdom and Head of the Commonwealth of Nations, celebrates her 90th birthday. ](/news/2016/04/21/elizabeth-ii-queen-regnant-of-the-united-kingdom-and-head-of-the-commonwealth-of-nations-celebrates-her-90th-birthday.md) _Context: Elizabeth II, UK_
3. [Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom attends a Cabinet meeting for the first time to receive a gift in honour of her Diamond Jubilee, including having an area of the British Antarctic Territory named for her. It is believed to be the first time that a British monarch has attended a Cabinet meeting in peace-time since Queen Victoria's reign. ](/news/2012/12/18/queen-elizabeth-ii-of-the-united-kingdom-attends-a-cabinet-meeting-for-the-first-time-to-receive-a-gift-in-honour-of-her-diamond-jubilee-in.md) _Context: Elizabeth II, UK_
4. [Queen Elizabeth II marks the 60th anniversary of her becoming the monarch of the United Kingdom and seven other sovereign states in the Commonwealth of Nations with events to celebrate her Diamond Jubilee set for later in the year. ](/news/2012/02/6/queen-elizabeth-ii-marks-the-60th-anniversary-of-her-becoming-the-monarch-of-the-united-kingdom-and-seven-other-sovereign-states-in-the-comm.md) _Context: Elizabeth II, UK_
5. [U.S. President Barack Obama meets Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh and senior royals at the start of a three-day state visit to the United Kingdom. ](/news/2011/05/24/u-s-president-barack-obama-meets-queen-elizabeth-ii-and-prince-philip-duke-of-edinburgh-and-senior-royals-at-the-start-of-a-three-day-stat.md) _Context: Elizabeth II, UK_
6. [The Emir of Qatar begins a state visit to the United Kingdom by meeting Queen Elizabeth II at Windsor Palace. ](/news/2010/10/26/the-emir-of-qatar-begins-a-state-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-by-meeting-queen-elizabeth-ii-at-windsor-palace.md) _Context: Elizabeth II, UK_
7. [The United Kingdom announces it is withdrawing from the 1964 London Fisheries Convention, which allows several European countries to fish within 6 to 12 nautical miles of each other's coastlines. ](/news/2017/07/2/the-united-kingdom-announces-it-is-withdrawing-from-the-1964-london-fisheries-convention-which-allows-several-european-countries-to-fish-wi.md) _Context: UK_
8. [Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-charter-08-is-suffering-fr.md) _Context: UK_
9. [The United Kingdom and Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation sponsor a summit that plans on raising funds for family planning in developing countries. ](/news/2017/07/11/the-united-kingdom-and-bill-melinda-gates-foundation-sponsor-a-summit-that-plans-on-raising-funds-for-family-planning-in-developing-countr.md) _Context: UK_
10. [The Trump Administration announces this year's presidential state visit to the United Kingdom is delayed until at least 2018. Both the White House and 10 Downing Street state the two countries had been unable to agree on a 2017 date. This planned visit has drawn protests in the United Kingdom since February, and more than 1.8 million signatures on a petition to Parliament to cancel the meeting.  ](/news/2017/07/11/the-trump-administration-announces-this-year-s-presidential-state-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-is-delayed-until-at-least-2018-both-the-white.md) _Context: UK_
