### [2006-03-26](/news/2006/03/26/index.md)

#  The CBS television program ''60 Minutes'' airs a story on a lawsuit against the hedge fund SAC, alleging that it orchestrated a fall in the stock price of Canadian drug company Biovail.




### Related:

1. [CBS terminates its contract with Scott Pelley as anchor, managing editor and reporter of ''CBS Evening News''. Pelley will remain with ''CBS News'' as a correspondent in ''60 Minutes''. ](/news/2017/05/31/cbs-terminates-its-contract-with-scott-pelley-as-anchor-managing-editor-and-reporter-of-cbs-evening-news-pelley-will-remain-with-cbs.md) _Context: 60 Minutes, CBS_
2. [2012 Benghazi attack:CBS suspends Lara Logan and her producer after she admitted that portions of her ''60 Minutes'' report on the death of U.S. Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens were false. ](/news/2013/11/26/2012-benghazi-attack-pcbs-suspends-lara-logan-and-her-producer-after-she-admitted-that-portions-of-her-60-minutes-report-on-the-death-of.md) _Context: 60 Minutes, CBS_
3. [Hedge fund impresario Bill Ackman faces skeptical questioning from investors after his Pershing Square fund loses big on both Herbalife and Valeant Pharmaceuticals. ](/news/2016/04/6/hedge-fund-impresario-bill-ackman-faces-skeptical-questioning-from-investors-after-his-pershing-square-fund-loses-big-on-both-herbalife-and.md) _Context: Hedge fund_
4. [Starboard Value LP, an activist hedge fund, begins a proxy contest to oust the entire board of directors of internet pioneer Yahoo. ](/news/2016/03/24/starboard-value-lp-an-activist-hedge-fund-begins-a-proxy-contest-to-oust-the-entire-board-of-directors-of-internet-pioneer-yahoo.md) _Context: Hedge fund_
5. [A United States district court judge orders documents turned over to hedge fund NML Capital with regard to the flow of funds in a February 9 issuance of Argentina dollar denominated sovereign bonds. ](/news/2015/02/25/a-united-states-district-court-judge-orders-documents-turned-over-to-hedge-fund-nml-capital-with-regard-to-the-flow-of-funds-in-a-february-9.md) _Context: Hedge fund_
6. [Following a court order that payments to most bondholders be stopped until holdouts were paid, Argentina has defaulted on some of its bonds after negotiations fell short of reaching a deal with hedge fund investors demanding a full payout of US$1.3 billion on bonds. ](/news/2014/07/31/following-a-court-order-that-payments-to-most-bondholders-be-stopped-until-holdouts-were-paid-argentina-has-defaulted-on-some-of-its-bonds.md) _Context: Hedge fund_
7. [The U.S. Supreme Court finds against the Republic of Argentina on a discovery issue in its litigation against hedge fund NML Capital, and refuses to hear appeals on the substantive issues in the same litigation: a victory for hold-out bond-holders against a defaulting sovereign. ](/news/2014/06/16/the-u-s-supreme-court-finds-against-the-republic-of-argentina-on-a-discovery-issue-in-its-litigation-against-hedge-fund-nml-capital-and-re.md) _Context: Hedge fund_
8. [Comedian David Letterman, host of CBS's ''Late Show with David Letterman'', announces his planned retirement in 2015. ](/news/2014/04/3/comedian-david-letterman-host-of-cbs-s-late-show-with-david-letterman-announces-his-planned-retirement-in-2015.md) _Context: CBS_
9. [Scottish-American comedian Craig Ferguson announces his departure from the CBS late-night talk show ''The Late Late Show'', effective December 2014. ](/news/2014/04/28/scottish-american-comedian-craig-ferguson-announces-his-departure-from-the-cbs-late-night-talk-show-the-late-late-show-effective-decemb.md) _Context: CBS_
10. [American comedian Stephen Colbert, host of ''The Colbert Report'' is announced to replace David Letterman to host the ''Late Show'' on CBS in 2015. ](/news/2014/04/10/american-comedian-stephen-colbert-host-of-the-colbert-report-is-announced-to-replace-david-letterman-to-host-the-late-show-on-cbs-i.md) _Context: CBS_
