### [2014-01-25](/news/2014/01/25/index.md)

# Post-civil war violence in Libya:. Five Egyptian embassy staff are kidnapped in the Libyan capital of Tripoli. 




### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/jan/25/five-egyptian-embassy-staff-kidnapped-libya-tripoli-cairo)

### Related:

1. [Post-civil war violence in Libya:. A huge fire at the National Oil Corp. depot started by a stray rocket threatens the Libyan capital Tripoli. ](/news/2014/07/28/post-civil-war-violence-in-libya-a-huge-fire-at-the-national-oil-corp-depot-started-by-a-stray-rocket-threatens-the-libyan-capital-tripol.md) _Context: Libya, Post-civil war violence in Libya, Tripoli_
2. [Post-civil war violence in Libya. Libyan police found the bodies of seven Egyptian Christians shot dead execution-style on a beach near the city of Benghazi. ](/news/2014/02/24/post-civil-war-violence-in-libya-libyan-police-found-the-bodies-of-seven-egyptian-christians-shot-dead-execution-style-on-a-beach-near-the.md) _Context: Egypt, Libya, Post-civil war violence in Libya_
3. [Amnesty International condemns Sunday's execution, in Tripoli and Benghazi, Libya, of 18 people, some of whom were from Chad, Egypt and Nigeria. ](/news/2010/06/2/amnesty-international-condemns-sunday-s-execution-in-tripoli-and-benghazi-libya-of-18-people-some-of-whom-were-from-chad-egypt-and-nige.md) _Context: Egypt, Libya, Tripoli_
4. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis. Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognize.md) _Context: Egypt, Libya_
5. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). At least eight are killed in clashes in Tripoli, Libya. ](/news/2016/12/2/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-at-least-eight-are-killed-in-clashes-in-tripoli-libya.md) _Context: Libya, Tripoli_
6. [European migrant crisis. A Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) ship rescues 209 people, including 50 children, from two dinghies in distress in the Mediterranean Sea but finds 22 dead bodies, 21 women and a child, lying in a pool of fuel in the bottom of one of the boats. The dinghies were 17 miles east of Tripoli, Libya. Cause of death is unknown, though an MSF official says it could be that fumes from mixed fuel and water rendered the people unconscious. The MSF ship is expected to arrive in the Sicilian port of Trapani on Friday.](/news/2016/07/20/european-migrant-crisis-a-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doctors-without-borders-ship-rescues-209-people-including-50-children-from-two-din.md) _Context: Libya, Tripoli_
7. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). The self-declared National Salvation government, one of the rival governments of Libya, resigns and gives up power to the UN-backed Libyan Presidential Council in Tripoli. ](/news/2016/04/6/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-self-declared-national-salvation-government-one-of-the-rival-governments-of-libya-resigns-and-gives.md) _Context: Libya, Tripoli_
8. [Libyan Civil War. The unrecognized House of Representatives, one of the rival governments based in eastern Libya, ships its first cargo of crude oil in defiance of the U.N.-backed authorities in the capital Tripoli in a move that could deepen divisions within the country. The Tripoli-based government asked the United Nations Security Council yesterday to blacklist the tanker. ](/news/2016/04/27/libyan-civil-war-the-unrecognized-house-of-representatives-one-of-the-rival-governments-based-in-eastern-libya-ships-its-first-cargo-of-c.md) _Context: Libya, Tripoli_
9. [ Libyan Civil War. Rival governments in eastern and western Libya reach the initial phase of an agreement designed to foster elections that would bring about a single ruling entity in the North African country. The deal must be endorsed by the internationally-recognized government in Tobruk and the General National Congress in Tripoli. ](/news/2015/12/6/libyan-civil-war-rival-governments-in-eastern-and-western-libya-reach-the-initial-phase-of-an-agreement-designed-to-foster-elections-that.md) _Context: Libya, Tripoli_
10. [Hannibal Gaddafi, son of Libya's late leader Muammar Gaddafi, who was kidnapped by militants, is released in Baalbek, Lebanon. Gaddafi's abductors said they were seeking information on the fate of Shiite cleric Imam Moussa al-Sadr, who disappeared during a trip to Tripoli in 1978. ](/news/2015/12/11/hannibal-gaddafi-son-of-libya-s-late-leader-muammar-gaddafi-who-was-kidnapped-by-militants-is-released-in-baalbek-lebanon-gaddafi-s-abd.md) _Context: Libya, Tripoli_
