### [2007-01-16](/news/2007/01/16/index.md)

#  Thailand summons the Singaporean ambassador to Bangkok to protest about a visit made by former Prime Minister of Thailand Thaksin Shinawatra, deposed in the 2006 Thai coup d'tat, to Singapore. Thaksin was able to meet the Singaporean Deputy Prime Minister, S Jayakumar, but Singapore played down the meeting as "purely social and private". 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/6265857.stm)

### Related:

1. [Thousands of protesters fill the streets of Bangkok, Thailand, after lawmakers pass a draft bill for political amnesty which could allow self-exiled Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra to re-enter the country. ](/news/2013/11/5/thousands-of-protesters-fill-the-streets-of-bangkok-thailand-after-lawmakers-pass-a-draft-bill-for-political-amnesty-which-could-allow-sel.md) _Context: Bangkok, Prime Minister of Thailand, Thailand, Thaksin_
2. [ More than 5,000 Royal Police are deployed to Bangkok, Thailand, as supporters of deposed Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra protest. ](/news/2009/01/31/more-than-5-000-royal-police-are-deployed-to-bangkok-thailand-as-supporters-of-deposed-prime-minister-thaksin-shinawatra-protest.md) _Context: Bangkok, Prime Minister of Thailand, Thailand, Thaksin_
3. [2013 Thai protests:As anti-government protests in Thailand continue to spread beyond the capital Bangkok, the parliament discusses a no-confidence motion against the Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra. ](/news/2013/11/27/2013-thai-protests-pas-anti-government-protests-in-thailand-continue-to-spread-beyond-the-capital-bangkok-the-parliament-discusses-a-no-con.md) _Context: Bangkok, Prime Minister of Thailand, Thailand_
4. [Flooding in Thailand reaches the residence of the Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra in Bangkok, forcing her to withdraw from the Hawaii APEC summit to deal with the crisis. ](/news/2011/11/8/flooding-in-thailand-reaches-the-residence-of-the-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-in-bangkok-forcing-her-to-withdraw-from-the-hawaii-ape.md) _Context: Bangkok, Prime Minister of Thailand, Thailand_
5. [The Prime Minister of Thailand, Yingluck Shinawatra, reassures residents that the capital, Bangkok, will largely escape from major flooding over the weekend. An estimated 289 people have been killed by flooding in Thailand since July 2011. ](/news/2011/10/14/the-prime-minister-of-thailand-yingluck-shinawatra-reassures-residents-that-the-capital-bangkok-will-largely-escape-from-major-flooding.md) _Context: Bangkok, Prime Minister of Thailand, Thailand_
6. [Thailand votes in its 26th general election with results showing the Pheu Thai Party loyal to former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra winning a majority. Yingluck Shinawatra, the opposition party leader, is expected to be the first female Prime Minister of Thailand. ](/news/2011/07/3/thailand-votes-in-its-26th-general-election-with-results-showing-the-pheu-thai-party-loyal-to-former-prime-minister-thaksin-shinawatra-winni.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Thailand, Thailand, Thaksin_
7. [Thailand's red shirt movement holds rallies in the lead up to the fourth anniversary of the removal of former Prime Minister of Thailand Thaksin Shinawatra on Sunday. ](/news/2010/09/17/thailand-s-red-shirt-movement-holds-rallies-in-the-lead-up-to-the-fourth-anniversary-of-the-removal-of-former-prime-minister-of-thailand-tha.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Thailand, Thailand, Thaksin_
8. [Cambodia and Thailand resume diplomatic relations after former Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra resigns his post as economic advisor to the Cambodian government. ](/news/2010/08/23/cambodia-and-thailand-resume-diplomatic-relations-after-former-thai-prime-minister-thaksin-shinawatra-resigns-his-post-as-economic-advisor-t.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Thailand, Thailand, Thaksin_
9. [A court in Thailand issues an arrest warrant for former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra on charges of terrorism, following a report by the Thai Department of Special Investigations, which concluded that he had financed Red Shirt protesters and had helped them smuggle in weapons and fighters from Cambodia, during the 2010 political crisis. ](/news/2010/05/25/a-court-in-thailand-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-former-prime-minister-thaksin-shinawatra-on-charges-of-terrorism-following-a-report-by-the.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Thailand, Thailand, Thaksin_
10. [Senior red-shirt leader Arisman Pongruangrong climbs down a rope to escape an arrest attempt by Thai security forces laying siege to Thaksin Shinawatra's SC Park Hotel in Bangkok. He urges protesters to leave Ratchaprasong "to avoid being used as human shields".  ](/news/2010/04/16/senior-red-shirt-leader-arisman-pongruangrong-climbs-down-a-rope-to-escape-an-arrest-attempt-by-thai-security-forces-laying-siege-to-thaksin.md) _Context: Bangkok, Thailand, Thaksin_
