### [2005-03-4](/news/2005/03/4/index.md)

#  Abducted Italian journalist Giuliana Sgrena, a reporter for ''Il Manifesto'', is released in Iraq. An Italian secret service agent, Nicola Calipari, was killed and Sgrena wounded when a U.S. armored vehicle opened fire on her car after it allegedly failed to slow as it approached a checkpoint. 

Get the latest breaking news and top news headlines at Reuters.com


### Source:

1. [ABCNews - AP](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory?id=551781)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=7813116)
3. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/4320111.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Gianfranco Fini, the foreign minister of Italy has demanded that the U.S. "identify and punish" those responsible for the death of Nicola Calipari, the Italian intelligence agent killed by US soldiers in Iraq. ](/news/2005/03/8/gianfranco-fini-the-foreign-minister-of-italy-has-demanded-that-the-u-s-identify-and-punish-those-responsible-for-the-death-of-nicola-c.md) _Context: Iraq, Italian, Nicola Calipari, U.S._
2. [ Italian state-owned channel RaiNews 24 airs a controversial documentary in which Iraqi people and ex-U.S. soldiers report that white phosphorus, a chemical weapon, and Mk-77 napalm bombs were used by the U.S. Army against civilians in Fallujah last year. ](/news/2005/11/8/italian-state-owned-channel-rainews-24-airs-a-controversial-documentary-in-which-iraqi-people-and-ex-u-s-soldiers-report-that-white-phosph.md) _Context: Iraq, Italian, U.S._
3. [ Italy intends to publish its own view of the killing of Nicola Calipari. Italian media has released classified details about a report the United States made.   ](/news/2005/05/1/italy-intends-to-publish-its-own-view-of-the-killing-of-nicola-calipari-italian-media-has-released-classified-details-about-a-report-the-u.md) _Context: Italian, Nicola Calipari, U.S._
4. [ US releases a report that clears soldiers who shot Italian intelligence agent Nicola Calipari and journalist Giuliana Sgrena. ](/news/2005/04/30/us-releases-a-report-that-clears-soldiers-who-shot-italian-intelligence-agent-nicola-calipari-and-journalist-giuliana-sgrena.md) _Context: Giuliana Sgrena, Italian, Nicola Calipari_
5. [The Iraqi Parliament votes in favour of a reciprocal travel ban on U.S. citizens if U.S. President Donald Trump's executive order barring citizens of Iraq and six other Muslim-majority countries is not reversed. The Iraqi travel ban will not be implemented while tens of thousands of U.S. soldiers and contractors are involved in the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2017/01/30/the-iraqi-parliament-votes-in-favour-of-a-reciprocal-travel-ban-on-u-s-citizens-if-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-executive-order-barring-ci.md) _Context: Iraq, U.S._
6. [The United States announces it will be sending 560 more United States Armed Forces soldiers to Iraq to help fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/07/11/the-united-states-announces-it-will-be-sending-560-more-united-states-armed-forces-soldiers-to-iraq-to-help-fight-against-isil.md) _Context: Iraq, U.S._
7. [United States  President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Iraq, U.S._
8. [U.S. Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Joseph Dunford makes a proposal to President Barack Obama to increase the number of American troops in Iraq, so as to help the Iraqi Army with advisors closer to the front lines and to recapture Mosul, which fell to ISIL in June 2014. ](/news/2016/03/26/u-s-chairman-of-the-joint-chiefs-of-staff-joseph-dunford-makes-a-proposal-to-president-barack-obama-to-increase-the-number-of-american-troo.md) _Context: Iraq, U.S._
9. [The United States Army's elite Delta Force captures their first suspected ISIL operative during a raid in northern Iraq. The detainee is being interrogated by the U.S. and is expected to be turned over to Iraqi officials in the coming days. ](/news/2016/03/1/the-united-states-army-s-elite-delta-force-captures-their-first-suspected-isil-operative-during-a-raid-in-northern-iraq-the-detainee-is-bei.md) _Context: Iraq, U.S._
10. [A newly released ISIS video threatens attacks on the White House in the U.S., monuments in France, U.S. President Obama, French President Francois Hollande, and targets in Italy. ](/news/2015/11/20/a-newly-released-isis-video-threatens-attacks-on-the-white-house-in-the-u-s-monuments-in-france-u-s-president-obama-french-president-fr.md) _Context: Italian, U.S._
