### [2010-07-13](/news/2010/07/13/index.md)

# A ship bound from Libya, the "Al-Amal", due to deliver humanitarian aid from Algeria, Morocco and Nigeria to the Gaza Strip, changes course for Egypt after being warned to stay away by the Israeli Navy and receiving pressure from the United States to "act responsibly". 

Libyan vessel changes course following warning from Israeli navy.


### Source:

1. [Aljazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2010/07/2010713124046138256.html)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.aljazeera.com)

### Related:

1. [The Israeli Navy fires warning shots at a Malaysian ship travelling to the Gaza Strip, forcing it to return to Egypt. ](/news/2011/05/16/the-israeli-navy-fires-warning-shots-at-a-malaysian-ship-travelling-to-the-gaza-strip-forcing-it-to-return-to-egypt.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza, Israeli Navy_
2. [A man from Israel is released after being detained as a suspected spy in Libya in return for the safe delivery to Gaza of 20 prefabricated houses, whose ship was forced to divert to Egypt in July. ](/news/2010/08/9/a-man-from-israel-is-released-after-being-detained-as-a-suspected-spy-in-libya-in-return-for-the-safe-delivery-to-gaza-of-20-prefabricated-h.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza, Libya_
3. [Amnesty International condemns Sunday's execution, in Tripoli and Benghazi, Libya, of 18 people, some of whom were from Chad, Egypt and Nigeria. ](/news/2010/06/2/amnesty-international-condemns-sunday-s-execution-in-tripoli-and-benghazi-libya-of-18-people-some-of-whom-were-from-chad-egypt-and-nige.md) _Context: Egypt, Libya, Nigeria_
4. [ Tomihiro Taniguchi, Deputy Director-General of the International Atomic Energy Agency, announces that Algeria, Egypt, Morocco and Saudi Arabia, and possibly Tunisia and the United Arab Emirates, will launch nuclear programs for desalination. A proliferation expert asserts the real reason behind the programs is for a "security hedge." ](/news/2006/11/4/tomihiro-taniguchi-deputy-director-general-of-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-announces-that-algeria-egypt-morocco-and-saudi-ara.md) _Context: Algeria, Egypt, Morocco_
5. [ Experts and officials from Interpol and 19 countries met Tuesday in Burkina Faso to elaborate a strategy to combat terrorism and crime in Africa. Countries participating included France, the United States, Britain, Morocco, Algeria, Egypt, Turkey, Senegal, Burkina Faso, Chad, Sudan, Cte d'Ivoire, Lesotho, Zimbabwe, Cambodia, Benin, Burundi, Togo and Mauritania. ](/news/2004/09/22/experts-and-officials-from-interpol-and-19-countries-met-tuesday-in-burkina-faso-to-elaborate-a-strategy-to-combat-terrorism-and-crime-in-a.md) _Context: Algeria, Egypt, Morocco_
6. [Hamas, through Egyptian-mediated talks, agrees to dissolve its Gaza administration, hold talks with the Fatah West Bank government, and hold elections for a Palestinian unity government. ](/news/2017/09/17/hamas-through-egyptian-mediated-talks-agrees-to-dissolve-its-gaza-administration-hold-talks-with-the-fatah-west-bank-government-and-hold.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza_
7. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Egypt, Libya_
8. [An airstrike hits a tunnel in the Gaza Strip near the Egyptian border, killing at least two people and injuring five more. It is unclear who launched the airstrike. ](/news/2017/02/9/an-airstrike-hits-a-tunnel-in-the-gaza-strip-near-the-egyptian-border-killing-at-least-two-people-and-injuring-five-more-it-is-unclear-who.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza_
9. [The Spanish-based Proactiva Open Arms NGO rescues more than 700 migrants in the Mediterranean Sea about 17 miles north of Sabratha, Libya. The rescued, who are from Nigeria, are transferred to the Italian Coast Guard. ](/news/2016/08/28/the-spanish-based-proactiva-open-arms-ngo-rescues-more-than-700-migrants-in-the-mediterranean-sea-about-17-miles-north-of-sabratha-libya-t.md) _Context: Libya, Nigeria_
10. [Four Egyptian security personnel are killed and another four are injured by a roadside bomb near the border town Rafah in the Sinai Peninsula. Islamist militants are suspected to have remotely detonated the device as an armored vehicle drove by the town's center, near the border with the Gaza Strip and Israel, security sources told Ahram Online. ](/news/2015/12/8/four-egyptian-security-personnel-are-killed-and-another-four-are-injured-by-a-roadside-bomb-near-the-border-town-rafah-in-the-sinai-peninsul.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza_
