### [2010-07-13](/news/2010/07/13/index.md)

# French Labour Minister Eric Woerth resigns as UMP party treasurer at the request of President Nicolas Sarkozy to focus on pension reform. 

French&#x20;Labour&#x20;Minister&#x20;Eric&#x20;Woerth&#x20;has&#x20;said&#x20;he&#x20;will&#x20;resign&#x20;as&#x20;UMP&#x20;party&#x20;treasurer&#x20;at&#x20;the&#x20;request&#x20;of&#x20;President&#x20;Nicolas&#x20;Sarkozy&#x20;to&#x20;focus&#x20;on&#x20;pension&#x20;reform.&#x20;Woerth&#x20;has&#x20;been&#x20;the&#x20;focus&#x20;of&#x20;allegations&#x20;involving&#x20;illegal&#x20;donations&#x20;to&#x20;Sarkozy&#x27;s&#x20;2007&#x20;campaign.


### Source:

1. [France24](http://www.france24.com/en/20100713-sarkozy-woerth-resigns-treasurer-ump-party-scandal-illegal-campaign-donations-bettencourt)

### Related:

1. [Voters in France go to the polls for local government elections with initial polling suggesting favorable results for former President Nicolas Sarkozy's UMP. ](/news/2015/03/29/voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-for-local-government-elections-with-initial-polling-suggesting-favorable-results-for-former-president-nicol.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, UMP, president_
2. [The Union for a Popular Movement reelects former French President Nicolas Sarkozy,  as the party leader. ](/news/2014/11/29/the-union-for-a-popular-movement-reelects-former-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-as-the-party-leader.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, UMP, president_
3. [ French President Nicolas Sarkozy's Union for a Popular Movement party loses the 2008 municipal elections. ](/news/2008/03/17/french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-union-for-a-popular-movement-party-loses-the-2008-municipal-elections.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, UMP, president_
4. [ French voters go to the polls in the second round of the 2008 municipal elections, with President Nicolas Sarkozy's party Union for a Popular Movement likely to lose. ](/news/2008/03/16/french-voters-go-to-the-polls-in-the-second-round-of-the-2008-municipal-elections-with-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-party-union-for-a-popul.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, UMP, president_
5. [ The Union for a Popular Movement nominates Nicolas Sarkozy as its candidate to become the next President of France in the 2007 French presidential election. ](/news/2007/01/14/the-union-for-a-popular-movement-nominates-nicolas-sarkozy-as-its-candidate-to-become-the-next-president-of-france-in-the-2007-french-presi.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, UMP, president_
6. [Former President of France Nicolas Sarkozy is ordered to stand trial for alleged campaign finance fraud during his failed 2012 presidential election campaign. ](/news/2017/02/7/former-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-is-ordered-to-stand-trial-for-alleged-campaign-finance-fraud-during-his-failed-2012-presidential.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, president_
7. [Former President of France Nicolas Sarkozy officially declares his candidacy for president in 2017. ](/news/2016/08/22/former-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-officially-declares-his-candidacy-for-president-in-2017.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, president_
8. [Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy resigns as leader of The Republicans party and announces his candidacy for President again. ](/news/2016/07/3/former-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-resigns-as-leader-of-the-republicans-party-and-announces-his-candidacy-for-president-again.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, president_
9. [France's National Assembly votes to adopt a non-binding resolution to lift European Union sanctions against Russia, applied after Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014. Former President Nicolas Sarkozy's Republicans, as well as center-right and far-left groups voted in favor of lifting the sanctions, while the ruling Socialist Party and The Greens voted against the resolution. ](/news/2016/04/28/france-s-national-assembly-votes-to-adopt-a-non-binding-resolution-to-lift-european-union-sanctions-against-russia-applied-after-russia-s-a.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, president_
10. [With most of the votes counted, the opposition conservatives of former president Nicolas Sarkozy's party win in six of the country's 13  regions and lead in the Paris region. The ruling Socialists of President Francois Hollande's  party capture five regions. The winner in Corsica is not affiliated with a major party. France's far-right National Front (FN) fails to win a single region but did record its best showing in its history. Voter turnout was 58 percent. Definitive results are expected Monday. ](/news/2015/12/13/with-most-of-the-votes-counted-the-opposition-conservatives-of-former-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-party-win-in-six-of-the-countryas-13-r.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, president_
