### [2010-07-13](/news/2010/07/13/index.md)

# Human rights groups express concern that some of the soldiers due to march down the Champs Elysees in Paris tomorrow as part of the Bastille Day celebrations may be war criminals and write an open letter to President of France Nicolas Sarkozy. 

Soldiers&#x20;from&#x20;13&#x20;former&#x20;French&#x20;African&#x20;colonies&#x20;will&#x20;march&#x20;down&#x20;the&#x20;Champs&#x20;Elys&#x00E9;es&#x20;in&#x20;Paris&#x20;on&#x20;July&#x20;14&#x20;as&#x20;part&#x20;of&#x20;France&#x2019;s&#x20;Bastille&#x20;Day&#x20;celebrations.&#x20;However,&#x20;human&#x20;rights&#x20;groups&#x20;are&#x20;concerned&#x20;that&#x20;some&#x20;of&#x20;the&#x20;soldiers&#x20;involved&#x20;may&#x20;be&#x20;war&#x20;criminals.


### Source:

1. [France24](http://www.france24.com/en/20100713-human-rights-groups-question-african-involvement-july-14-parade-bastille-day)

### Related:

1. [Former President of France Nicolas Sarkozy is ordered to stand trial for alleged campaign finance fraud during his failed 2012 presidential election campaign. ](/news/2017/02/7/former-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-is-ordered-to-stand-trial-for-alleged-campaign-finance-fraud-during-his-failed-2012-presidential.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
2. [French presidential election, 2017: The Republicans (France) presidential primary, 2016: Former President of France Nicolas Sarkozy officially declares his candidacy for president in 2017. ](/news/2016/08/22/french-presidential-election-2017-the-republicans-france-presidential-primary-2016-former-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-official.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
3. [French presidential election, 2017: Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy resigns as leader of The Republicans party and announces his candidacy for President again. ](/news/2016/07/3/french-presidential-election-2017-former-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-resigns-as-leader-of-the-republicans-party-and-announces-his-can.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
4. [France-Russia relations: International sanctions during the Ukrainian crisis: France's National Assembly votes to adopt a non-binding resolution to lift European Union sanctions against Russia, applied after Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014. Former President Nicolas Sarkozy's Republicans, as well as center-right and far-left groups voted in favor of lifting the sanctions, while the ruling Socialist Party and The Greens voted against the resolution. ](/news/2016/04/28/france-russia-relations-international-sanctions-during-the-ukrainian-crisis-france-s-national-assembly-votes-to-adopt-a-non-binding-reso.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
5. [French regional elections, 2015: With most of the votes counted, the opposition conservatives of former president Nicolas Sarkozy's party win in six of the country-s 13 regions and lead in the Paris region. The ruling Socialists of President Francois Hollande's party capture five regions. The winner in Corsica is not affiliated with a major party. France's far-right National Front (FN) fails to win a single region but did record its best showing in its history. Voter turnout was 58 percent. Definitive results are expected Monday. ](/news/2015/12/13/french-regional-elections-2015-with-most-of-the-votes-counted-the-opposition-conservatives-of-former-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-party-wi.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
6. [The President of France Francois Hollande warns that France "will not tolerate" acts that threaten its security following claims by Wikileaks that the United States spied on him and his two predecessors Nicolas Sarkozy and Jacques Chirac between 2006 and 2012. ](/news/2015/06/24/the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-warns-that-france-will-not-tolerate-acts-that-threaten-its-security-following-claims-by-wikilea.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
7. [French departmental elections, 2015: Voters in France go to the polls for local government elections with initial polling suggesting favorable results for former President Nicolas Sarkozy's UMP. ](/news/2015/03/29/french-departmental-elections-2015-voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-for-local-government-elections-with-initial-polling-suggesting-favorab.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
8. [The Union for a Popular Movement reelects former French President Nicolas Sarkozy, as the party leader. ](/news/2014/11/29/the-union-for-a-popular-movement-reelects-former-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-as-the-party-leader.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
9. [Former President of France Nicolas Sarkozy is charged with corruption and influence peddling. ](/news/2014/07/2/former-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-is-charged-with-corruption-and-influence-peddling.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
10. [Former President of France Nicolas Sarkozy is held for questioning over alleged corruption. ](/news/2014/07/1/former-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-is-held-for-questioning-over-alleged-corruption.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
