### [2010-07-13](/news/2010/07/13/index.md)

# The United States 2nd Circuit Court of Appeals in New York City strikes down the Federal Communications Commission's "fleeting expletives" policy that gave it power to fine broadcasters who air a single expletive on air. 




### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2010/07/13/AR2010071303385.html?hpid=moreheadlines)

### Related:

1. [American comedian and ''Late Show'' host Stephen Colbert is to be investigated by the Federal Communications Commission over a sexually explicit joke about U.S. president Donald Trump's relationship with Russian president Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2017/05/6/american-comedian-and-late-show-host-stephen-colbert-is-to-be-investigated-by-the-federal-communications-commission-over-a-sexually-expl.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission_
2. [In American football, a United States appeals court has denied New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady's appeal for his role in the Deflategate controversy. ](/news/2016/07/13/in-american-football-a-united-states-appeals-court-has-denied-new-england-patriots-quarterback-tom-brady-s-appeal-for-his-role-in-the-defla.md) _Context: United States appeals court_
3. [A U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit three-judge  panel upholds the Federal Communications Commission's net neutrality rules that prohibit broadband providers from giving or selling access to faster internet service to selected customers. ](/news/2016/06/14/a-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-district-of-columbia-circuit-three-judge-panel-upholds-the-federal-communications-commission-s-net-neutrali.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission_
4. [The United States Federal Communications Commission announces an expansion of  the federal Lifeline program, which currently offers monthly subsidies for phone and basic cell service, to include broadband Internet service, pending approval at the Commissioners' March 31 meeting. ](/news/2016/03/8/the-united-states-federal-communications-commission-announces-an-expansion-of-the-federal-lifeline-program-which-currently-offers-monthly.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission_
5. [Apple Inc. must pay the $450 million July 2014 settlement in a price fixing case since the U.S. Supreme Court will not hear its appeal of the June 2015 Court of Appeals ruling that it played a "central role" in a conspiracy with publishers to eliminate retail price competition and raise e-book prices. ](/news/2016/03/7/apple-inc-must-pay-the-450-million-july-2014-settlement-in-a-price-fixing-case-since-the-u-s-supreme-court-will-not-hear-its-appeal-of-th.md) _Context: United States appeals court_
6. [U.S. Federal Communications Commissioner Michael O'Rielly says, during a speech at the American Action Forum, that Netflix's admission last week that it has been intentionally slowing its video streaming transmission on some wireless mobile carriers for five years "deeply disturbing" which might warrant an investigation by the Federal Trade Commission and/or Congress. ](/news/2016/03/29/u-s-federal-communications-commissioner-michael-o-rielly-says-during-a-speech-at-the-american-action-forum-that-netflix-s-admission-last.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission_
7. [A three-judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit hears arguments about whether the net neutrality rules of the Federal Communications Commission are within the FCC's statutory mandate. ](/news/2015/12/4/a-three-judge-panel-of-the-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-d-c-circuit-hears-arguments-about-whether-the-net-neutrality-rules-of-the-federal.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission_
8. [The United States Federal Communications Commission rejects  privacy advocacy group Consumer Watchdog's petition to make it illegal for Internet companies like Google, Facebook and ad providers to ignore  "Do Not Track" browser settings. ](/news/2015/11/6/the-united-states-federal-communications-commission-rejects-privacy-advocacy-group-consumer-watchdog-s-petition-to-make-it-illegal-for-inte.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission_
9. [A United States appeals court rules the Google Books Library Project, the scanning of millions of books with snippets searchable online, is legal under copyright law, affirming a 2013 district court decision. ](/news/2015/10/16/a-united-states-appeals-court-rules-the-google-books-library-project-the-scanning-of-millions-of-books-with-snippets-searchable-online-is.md) _Context: United States appeals court_
10. [A three-judge panel of the U.S. Second Circuit Court of Appeals rules that the National Security Agency's mass surveillance of telephones metadata is illegal under the Patriot Act. ](/news/2015/05/7/a-three-judge-panel-of-the-u-s-second-circuit-court-of-appeals-rules-that-the-national-security-agency-s-mass-surveillance-of-telephones-me.md) _Context: United States appeals court_
