### [2012-06-25](/news/2012/06/25/index.md)

# Channel 4 news anchor Jon Snow tells the Leveson Inquiry that Associated Newspapers, which publishes the "Daily Mail" and "Mail on Sunday", is worse than News International's titles, that it has a "pernicious" and sometimes "mendacious" agenda to undermine people in public life, and predicts that "very possibly they will go after me for saying so". 




### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/media/2012/jun/25/jon-snow-leveson-inquiry)

### Related:

1. [British Prime Minister David Cameron appears before the Leveson Inquiry. The hearing is told of his relationship with former News International Chief Executive Rebekah Brooks, while he says his decision to appoint Andy Coulson as his Director of Communications will haunt him. ](/news/2012/06/14/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-appears-before-the-leveson-inquiry-the-hearing-is-told-of-his-relationship-with-former-news-internatio.md) _Context: Leveson Inquiry, News International_
2. [At the Leveson Inquiry into British media practices, former News International chief executive Rebekah Brooks discloses an email that appears to show that Britain's Culture Secretary, Jeremy Hunt, sought advice from News International over how Downing Street should respond to the News of the World phone hacking scandal. ](/news/2012/05/11/at-the-leveson-inquiry-into-british-media-practices-former-news-international-chief-executive-rebekah-brooks-discloses-an-email-that-appear.md) _Context: Leveson Inquiry, News International_
3. [Appearing before the Leveson Inquiry, James Murdoch tells the hearing that News International's corporate systems failed to pick up on legal issues posed by its news gathering techniques. ](/news/2012/04/24/appearing-before-the-leveson-inquiry-james-murdoch-tells-the-hearing-that-news-international-s-corporate-systems-failed-to-pick-up-on-legal.md) _Context: Leveson Inquiry, News International_
4. [The Trump White House bars "The New York Times", CNN, the "Los Angeles Times", the "New York Daily News", "The Hill", the "Daily Mail", BBC, Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as Breitbart News, One America News Network, and "The Washington Times". Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News, "The Wall Street Journal", Bloomberg News, and Fox News. "Time" magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-mail-bbc.md) _Context: Daily Mail_
5. [Former News International tabloid editor Andy Coulson is found guilty in relation to conspiracy to hack mobile phones. Rebekah Brooks, Charlie Brooks, Clive Goodman, Ian Edmondson, Stuart Kuttner, Cheryl Carter and Mark Hanna are acquitted. ](/news/2014/06/24/former-news-international-tabloid-editor-andy-coulson-is-found-guilty-in-relation-to-conspiracy-to-hack-mobile-phones-rebekah-brooks-charl.md) _Context: News International_
6. [The jailing for two years of former Met Police officer Paul Flattley, who sold information to News International daily tabloid "The Sun" about Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, Paul Gascoigne and a 15-year-old girl who died of an overdose, is revealed for the first time today, "legal reasons" having prevented its disclosure until now. ](/news/2013/06/5/the-jailing-for-two-years-of-former-met-police-officer-paul-flattley-who-sold-information-to-news-international-daily-tabloid-the-sun-abo.md) _Context: News International_
7. [Thousands of people sign an online petition requesting the "Daily Mail" to sack its controversial columnist Richard Littlejohn after the possible hounding to death of a primary school teacher Lucy Meadows by the British media. ](/news/2013/03/26/thousands-of-people-sign-an-online-petition-requesting-the-daily-mail-to-sack-its-controversial-columnist-richard-littlejohn-after-the-pos.md) _Context: Daily Mail_
8. [Hundreds of people gather outside "Daily Mail" headquarters to hold a vigil after the possible hounding to death of a primary school teacher Lucy Meadows by the British media. ](/news/2013/03/25/hundreds-of-people-gather-outside-daily-mail-headquarters-to-hold-a-vigil-after-the-possible-hounding-to-death-of-a-primary-school-teacher.md) _Context: Daily Mail_
9. [Lord Leveson announces the findings of the Leveson Inquiry into the British media. ](/news/2012/11/29/lord-leveson-announces-the-findings-of-the-leveson-inquiry-into-the-british-media.md) _Context: Leveson Inquiry_
10. [It is reported that UK Work and Pensions Secretary Iain Duncan Smith's department has made a formal complaint to the BBC over claims of anti-Government bias, as Duncan Smith himself attacks the Corporation in a "Mail on Sunday" article for what he perceives to be its negative stance towards the coalition. ](/news/2012/08/19/it-is-reported-that-uk-work-and-pensions-secretary-iain-duncan-smith-s-department-has-made-a-formal-complaint-to-the-bbc-over-claims-of-anti.md) _Context: Mail on Sunday_
