### [2012-06-25](/news/2012/06/25/index.md)

# Cyprus says that it plans to ask its European partners for a loan of about 1.8 billion euros by the end of this week; this would make Cyprus the fifth European country to seek help. 

The fifth eurozone nation to seek help says it wants to limit exposure of its financial institutions to Greece crisis.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/europe/2012/06/201262517189248721.html)
2. [Reuters](http://ca.reuters.com/article/topNews/idCABRE85O0CS20120625)

### Related:

1. [United States-European Union relations. The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/united-states-european-union-relations-the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-go.md) _Context: Cyprus, European Union_
2. [European Union finance ministers and central bank governors begin a two-day meeting at Dublin Castle to talk about austerity, the collapse of the Cypriot economy and the creation of a federal bank. ](/news/2013/04/12/european-union-finance-ministers-and-central-bank-governors-begin-a-two-day-meeting-at-dublin-castle-to-talk-about-austerity-the-collapse-o.md) _Context: Cyprus, European Union_
3. [2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis: President of Cyprus Nicos Anastasiades says the island has no intention of abandoning the euro, despite the tough conditions imposed by its 10 billion euro bailout deal with the European Union and International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2013/03/29/2012-2013-cypriot-financial-crisis-president-of-cyprus-nicos-anastasiades-says-the-island-has-no-intention-of-abandoning-the-euro-despit.md) _Context: Cyprus, European Union_
4. [2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis: Security tightens in Cyprus as banks prepare to reopen after nearly two weeks, following a controversial international bailout that was negotiated with the European Union and the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2013/03/28/2012-2013-cypriot-financial-crisis-security-tightens-in-cyprus-as-banks-prepare-to-reopen-after-nearly-two-weeks-following-a-controversi.md) _Context: Cyprus, European Union_
5. [2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis:. Cyprus reportedly reaches an outline bank bailout deal with international lenders including the European Union, the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2013/03/25/2012-2013-cypriot-financial-crisis-cyprus-reportedly-reaches-an-outline-bank-bailout-deal-with-international-lenders-including-the-europ.md) _Context: Cyprus, European Union_
6. [ The European Union's parliamentary election continues in Cyprus, Italy, Latvia, Malta, Slovakia, the Czech Republic, and France's overseas departments and territories. ](/news/2009/06/6/the-european-union-s-parliamentary-election-continues-in-cyprus-italy-latvia-malta-slovakia-the-czech-republic-and-france-s-overseas.md) _Context: Cyprus, European Union_
7. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict:. The European Union sends experts to Cyprus to help coordinate provision of emergency humanitarian aid to Lebanon. ](/news/2006/07/22/2006-israel-lebanon-conflict-the-european-union-sends-experts-to-cyprus-to-help-coordinate-provision-of-emergency-humanitarian-aid-to-leb.md) _Context: Cyprus, European Union_
8. [ Turkish Cypriots elect Mehmet Ali Talat as their new president. Talat endorses unification of Cyprus and membership in the European Union. ](/news/2005/04/17/turkish-cypriots-elect-mehmet-ali-talat-as-their-new-president-talat-endorses-unification-of-cyprus-and-membership-in-the-european-union.md) _Context: Cyprus, European Union_
9. [The European Union invited Poland, Hungary, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Slovenia, Latvia, Estonia, Lithuania, Cyprus and Malta to join. Expansion is scheduled for May 2004.](/news/2002/12/13/the-european-union-invited-poland-hungary-the-czech-republic-slovakia-slovenia-latvia-estonia-lithuania-cyprus-and-malta-to-join-ex.md) _Context: Cyprus, European Union_
10. [ The European Commission of the European Union has announced that ten countries - Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia, and Slovenia - have met its criteria for entry, opening the way for an expansion of the EU from 15 member states to 25. The European Parliament has still to consider each candidate individually and the final decision will require the approval of the current member states.](/news/2002/10/9/the-european-commission-of-the-european-union-has-announced-that-ten-countries-cyprus-the-czech-republic-estonia-hungary-latvia-li.md) _Context: Cyprus, European Union_
