### [2012-02-24](/news/2012/02/24/index.md)

# A Palestinian man is shot and killed after clashes at an Israeli checkpoint near Ramallah in the West Bank. 

A Palestinian man has died after being injured in clashes at an Israeli army checkpoint in the West Bank, Palestinian medical sources say.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-17161891)
1. [Cover Image](http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/58712000/jpg/_58712083_hebron.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Israeli security forces begin evicting people from the illegal Amona, Mateh Binyamin, outpost built on private Palestinian-owned land near Ramallah in the central West Bank. The Supreme Court ordered residents to leave the area last year. ](/news/2017/02/1/israeli-security-forces-begin-evicting-people-from-the-illegal-amona-mateh-binyamin-outpost-built-on-private-palestinian-owned-land-near-r.md) _Context: Ramallah, West Bank_
2. [ Israeli forces detain Palestinian Deputy Prime Minister Nasser al-Shaer in a raid on his home in the West Bank town of Ramallah. ](/news/2006/08/19/israeli-forces-detain-palestinian-deputy-prime-minister-nasser-al-shaer-in-a-raid-on-his-home-in-the-west-bank-town-of-ramallah.md) _Context: Ramallah, West Bank_
3. [ Mahmoud Abbas (a.k.a. Abu Mazen) is sworn in as president of the Palestinian Authority in a ceremony in the West Bank town of Ramallah, six days after winning the Palestinian presidential election. ](/news/2005/01/15/mahmoud-abbas-a-k-a-abu-mazen-is-sworn-in-as-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-in-a-ceremony-in-the-west-bank-town-of-ramallah-six.md) _Context: Ramallah, West Bank_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israel has carried out a series of raids into the West Bank and the Gaza Strip. Two armed men were shot and killed in Ramallah, while four men were arrested in Gaza City. An Israeli civilian was also killed, and three Israeli soldiers were wounded following an Islamic Jihad attack on Morag, in the southern Gaza Strip. ](/news/2005/01/12/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-has-carried-out-a-series-of-raids-into-the-west-bank-and-the-gaza-strip-two-armed-men-were-shot-and-k.md) _Context: Ramallah, West Bank_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Palestinian gunmen attack an Israeli army foot patrol near a West Bank village, kills three soldiers and wounds a fourth, rescue services and security sources state. Gunfire attacks near the Palestinian village of Ein Yabrud, east of the town of Ramallah, not far from the Israeli settlement of Ofra.](/news/2003/10/19/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-gunmen-attack-an-israeli-army-foot-patrol-near-a-west-bank-village-kills-three-soldiers-and-woun.md) _Context: Ramallah, West Bank_
6. [ The Security Cabinet of Israel votes in principle to expel President of the Palestinian National Authority Yasser Arafat from the West Bank. According to one source, the cabinet decided to ask the Israeli Defense Force to draw up a plan to expel Arafat. No timeline was specified, and Israeli government sources say that the decision was not to expel him immediately. The U.S. Department of States criticises such a move as "unhelpful". Thousands of Palestinians travel to the presidential compound in Ramallah to protest at the Israeli decision. Ahmed Qurei, Prime Minister of the Palestinian National Authority-designate, announces in response that he is halting efforts to form a government. Russian Foreign Minister Igor Ivanov states an international force may be needed to end spiraling violence in the Palestinian territories.](/news/2003/09/11/the-security-cabinet-of-israel-votes-in-principle-to-expel-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-yasser-arafat-from-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Ramallah, West Bank_
7. [Israel ground troops invade the West Bank and Gaza Strip in her largest offensive since the 1982 invasion of Lebanon. Dozens of tanks occupy Ramallah. Thirty-seven total dead so far, Israeli and Palestinian.](/news/2002/03/12/israel-ground-troops-invade-the-west-bank-and-gaza-strip-in-her-largest-offensive-since-the-1982-invasion-of-lebanon-dozens-of-tanks-occupy.md) _Context: Ramallah, West Bank_
8. [Three Israelis are killed and one other is wounded after a Palestinian gunman opens fire in an entrance to the Israeli settlement of Har Adar in the West Bank. ](/news/2017/09/26/three-israelis-are-killed-and-one-other-is-wounded-after-a-palestinian-gunman-opens-fire-in-an-entrance-to-the-israeli-settlement-of-har-ada.md) _Context: West Bank_
9. [Hamas, through Egyptian-mediated talks, agrees to dissolve its Gaza administration, hold talks with the Fatah West Bank government, and hold elections for a Palestinian unity government. ](/news/2017/09/17/hamas-through-egyptian-mediated-talks-agrees-to-dissolve-its-gaza-administration-hold-talks-with-the-fatah-west-bank-government-and-hold.md) _Context: West Bank_
10. [UNESCO declares the old city of Hebron and the Cave of the Patriarchs, both in the West Bank, as world heritage sites. ](/news/2017/07/7/unesco-declares-the-old-city-of-hebron-and-the-cave-of-the-patriarchs-both-in-the-west-bank-as-world-heritage-sites.md) _Context: West Bank_
