### [2010-08-25](/news/2010/08/25/index.md)

# The Royal Canadian Mounted Police arrests two suspects in Ottawa for alleged terrorism offences. 




### Source:

1. [CTV](http://edmonton.ctv.ca/servlet/an/local/CTVNews/20100825/rcmp-charges-100825/20100825/?hub=EdmontonHome)

### Related:

1. [ 2006 Toronto terrorism arrests: The Royal Canadian Mounted Police announce the arrest of 17 suspected Islamic terrorists in connection with a planned terrorist attack around Toronto.  The RCMP say that three tons of ammonium nitrate was seized.  In comparison, the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing used one ton. ](/news/2006/06/3/2006-toronto-terrorism-arrests-the-royal-canadian-mounted-police-announce-the-arrest-of-17-suspected-islamic-terrorists-in-connection-with.md) _Context: Royal Canadian Mounted Police, terrorism_
2. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: terrorism_
3. [  A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-two-other-passengers-are-injured-a-p.md) _Context: terrorism_
4. [German police shoot a man, who was trying to escape after apparently driving into a group of pedestrians in a central square in Heidelberg. A 73-year-old man was killed and two other people injured. Police  do not believe  terrorism is involved. ](/news/2017/02/25/german-police-shoot-a-man-who-was-trying-to-escape-after-apparently-driving-into-a-group-of-pedestrians-in-a-central-square-in-heidelberg.md) _Context: terrorism_
5. [Turkey probes around 10,000 social media users for allegedly insulting government officials or supporting "terror-related activity." ](/news/2016/12/25/turkey-probes-around-10-000-social-media-users-for-allegedly-insulting-government-officials-or-supporting-terror-related-activity.md) _Context: terrorism_
6. [Royal Canadian Mounted Police kill 24-year-old Aaron Driver in Strathroy, Ontario. Driver was accused of supporting the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, and was believed to have been plotting an "imminent" attack against Canadians. ](/news/2016/08/10/royal-canadian-mounted-police-kill-24-year-old-aaron-driver-in-strathroy-ontario-driver-was-accused-of-supporting-the-islamic-state-of-ira.md) _Context: Royal Canadian Mounted Police_
7. [Three people, including the perpetrator, are killed in a shooting in the town of Spalding, Lincolnshire in the United Kingdom. Lincolnshire Police have ruled out a potential link to terrorism. ](/news/2016/07/19/three-people-including-the-perpetrator-are-killed-in-a-shooting-in-the-town-of-spalding-lincolnshire-in-the-united-kingdom-lincolnshire.md) _Context: terrorism_
8. [A road collapse at a major intersection near the  Canadian Parliament   in Ottawa, Ontario, forces evacuation of a mall, a hotel, the Shaw Convention Centre, and a book store because  of the smell of gas. Power and water are now shut off. ](/news/2016/06/8/a-road-collapse-at-a-major-intersection-near-the-canadian-parliament-in-ottawa-ontario-forces-evacuation-of-a-mall-a-hotel-the-shaw-c.md) _Context: Ottawa_
9. [The first of seventy British military personnel arrive in Somalia to help combat the threat of Islamist militants. The remaining troops will join the United Nations peacekeepers and AMISOM soldiers in countering Al-Shabaab later on this year. This deployment is part of a greater effort by the United Kingdom to target terrorism. ](/news/2016/05/2/the-first-of-seventy-british-military-personnel-arrive-in-somalia-to-help-combat-the-threat-of-islamist-militants-the-remaining-troops-will.md) _Context: terrorism_
10. [Six high ranking Pakistan Army officers, including a lieutenant-general and major-general, are sacked by Chief of Army Staff Raheel Sharif amid corruption allegations within the army. Sharif said corruption had to be uprooted to fight terrorism. ](/news/2016/04/21/six-high-ranking-pakistan-army-officers-including-a-lieutenant-general-and-major-general-are-sacked-by-chief-of-army-staff-raheel-sharif-a.md) _Context: terrorism_
