### [2010-08-25](/news/2010/08/25/index.md)

# Wikileaks publishes a CIA analysis claiming that the United States could be perceived as an "exporter of terrorism". 




### Source:

1. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2010/08/25/AR2010082506591.html)

### Related:

1. [ U.S. authorities detain Luis Posada Carriles, a CIA-linked anti-Castro militant, considered a terrorist by Cuba. ](/news/2005/05/17/u-s-authorities-detain-luis-posada-carriles-a-cia-linked-anti-castro-militant-considered-a-terrorist-by-cuba.md) _Context: American, CIA, terrorism_
2. [WikiLeaks releases thousands of documents that it claims provides details of surveillance software used by the United States Central Intelligence Agency. ](/news/2017/03/7/wikileaks-releases-thousands-of-documents-that-it-claims-provides-details-of-surveillance-software-used-by-the-united-states-central-intelli.md) _Context: American, WikiLeaks_
3. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan blasts the United States over its support for Syrian Kurdish groups which Turkey considers to be terrorists. ](/news/2016/02/10/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-blasts-the-united-states-over-its-support-for-syrian-kurdish-groups-which-turkey-considers-to-be-ter.md) _Context: American, terrorism_
4. [In the United States, the hacking group Anonymous starts releasing names and information about alleged members of the Ku Klux Klan (KKK), a white-supremacist terrorist group originally founded after the Civil War by former Confederate soldiers. Prominent individuals listed deny the allegations. The group says they also infiltrated  KKK-affiliated websites, and warned of more action  culminating on November 24, the anniversary of the Ferguson, Missouri grand jury's decision not to indict. ](/news/2015/11/2/in-the-united-states-the-hacking-group-anonymous-starts-releasing-names-and-information-about-alleged-members-of-the-ku-klux-klan-kkk-a.md) _Context: American, terrorism_
5. [Wikileaks releases U.S. Central Intelligence Agency director John O. Brennan's personal information after the top spy's personal email account was allegedly hacked by a 13-year-old and information sent to Wikileaks. All of the documents predate Brennan's time in the Obama administration and reveal no classified data. Among the information released are Social Security numbers,  an incomplete questionnaire for security clearance, and addresses of his family and associates. ](/news/2015/10/21/wikileaks-releases-u-s-central-intelligence-agency-director-john-o-brennan-s-personal-information-after-the-top-spy-s-personal-email-accou.md) _Context: American, WikiLeaks_
6. [London police end their three-year long, round-the-clock guard outside the Ecuadorian Embassy   waiting to arrest WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. Officers have been stationed at this embassy since June 2012.  Police said the operation cost 11.1 million pounds (17.6 million dollars) through April 2015. Assange is wanted for jumping bail in England and sexual assault allegations in Sweden. Assange denies the Swedish charges and suspects the real reason is to bring him to the U.S. ](/news/2015/10/12/london-police-end-their-three-year-long-round-the-clock-guard-outside-the-ecuadorian-embassy-waiting-to-arrest-wikileaks-founder-julian-a.md) _Context: American, WikiLeaks_
7. [The President of France Francois Hollande warns that France "will not tolerate" acts that threaten its security following claims by Wikileaks that the United States spied on him and his two predecessors Nicolas Sarkozy and Jacques Chirac between 2006 and 2012. ](/news/2015/06/24/the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-warns-that-france-will-not-tolerate-acts-that-threaten-its-security-following-claims-by-wikilea.md) _Context: American, WikiLeaks_
8. [Wikileaks announces the release of 1.7 million United States diplomatic and intelligence documents from 1973-1976 when Henry Kissinger was United States Secretary of State. ](/news/2013/04/8/wikileaks-announces-the-release-of-1-7-million-united-states-diplomatic-and-intelligence-documents-from-1973a1976-when-henry-kissinger-was.md) _Context: American, WikiLeaks_
9. [Iran accuses the United States of "double standards" over the U.S.' delisting of the Mujahideen-e Khalq as a terrorist entity. ](/news/2012/09/29/iran-accuses-the-united-states-of-double-standards-over-the-u-s-delisting-of-the-mujahideen-e-khalq-as-a-terrorist-entity.md) _Context: American, terrorism_
10. [In the stand-off between Britain and Ecuador over Julian Assange, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange gives a speech critical of the United States' policy against Wikileaks, "dragging us all in a dark, repressive world in which journalists live under fear of prosecution", from the balcony of Ecuador's London embassy. ](/news/2012/08/19/in-the-stand-off-between-britain-and-ecuador-over-julian-assange-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-gives-a-speech-critical-of-the-united-sta.md) _Context: American, WikiLeaks_
