### [2010-11-25](/news/2010/11/25/index.md)

# The European Commission passes a ban on the use of bisphenol A in baby bottles. 

The European Commission is to ban the chemical bisphenol A from plastic baby bottles - but one expert calls it an &quot;overreaction&quot;.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-11843820)

### Related:

1. [Politics of Poland: Polish President Andrzej Duda announces he will veto two judicial reform bills passed by Poland's parliament, which the European Commission said would result in sanctions, and which have generated continuous demonstrations across the country. The ruling Law and Justice Party needs to put together a three-fifths majority to override the veto. ](/news/2017/07/24/politics-of-poland-polish-president-andrzej-duda-announces-he-will-veto-two-judicial-reform-bills-passed-by-poland-s-parliament-which-the.md) _Context: European Commission_
2. [European Union competition law: The European Commission imposes a record -2.42bn antitrust fine on internet giant Google for allegedly manipulating its search engine results. ](/news/2017/06/27/european-union-competition-law-the-european-commission-imposes-a-record-2-42bn-antitrust-fine-on-internet-giant-google-for-allegedly-man.md) _Context: European Commission_
3. [French presidential election, 2017: The closely-watched CEVIPOF poll shows Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen clinging to a narrow lead heading into the first stage of the election, with Le Pen recently becoming embroiled in a spat with the European Commission after refusing to appear on TF1 while there remained a Flag of Europe in the background. ](/news/2017/04/19/french-presidential-election-2017-the-closely-watched-cevipof-poll-shows-emmanuel-macron-and-marine-le-pen-clinging-to-a-narrow-lead-headi.md) _Context: European Commission_
4. [Turkish constitutional referendum, 2017: The European Commission, based on the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe report, calls on Turkey to launch an investigation into allegations of referendum voting irregularities. ](/news/2017/04/18/turkish-constitutional-referendum-2017-the-european-commission-based-on-the-organization-for-security-and-co-operation-in-europe-report.md) _Context: European Commission_
5. [The European Commission blocks the third attempt of the London Stock Exchange and Deutsche Borse at a merger, citing the danger of a "de facto monopoly in the crucial area of fixed income instruments". ](/news/2017/03/29/the-european-commission-blocks-the-third-attempt-of-the-london-stock-exchange-and-deutsche-baprse-at-a-merger-citing-the-danger-of-a-de-fa.md) _Context: European Commission_
6. [Accession of Bosnia and Herzegovina to the European Union: The European Union's 28 member states formally accept Bosnia and Herzegovina's membership application. The European Commission (EC) will now determine whether Bosnia meets the criteria to join the union, a process that is expected to take a year. ](/news/2016/09/20/accession-of-bosnia-and-herzegovina-to-the-european-union-the-european-union-s-28-member-states-formally-accept-bosnia-and-herzegovina-s-me.md) _Context: European Commission_
7. [The French government calls on former European Commission chief Jose Manuel Barroso not to take a job with investment bank Goldman Sachs, after some EU politicians demanded Barroso be sanctioned for accepting the new position that raises questions about the EU's conflict of interest rules. ](/news/2016/07/14/the-french-government-calls-on-former-european-commission-chief-josa-c-manuel-barroso-not-to-take-a-job-with-investment-bank-goldman-sachs-a.md) _Context: European Commission_
8. [United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016:: European Commission president Jean-Claude Juncker warns the British voters, saying that there would be no re-negotiations with Britain whatever outcome of its membership referendum. ](/news/2016/06/22/united-kingdom-european-union-membership-referendum-2016-european-commission-president-jean-claude-juncker-warns-the-british-voters-sayi.md) _Context: European Commission_
9. [European migrant crisis: The European Commission proposes an end-of-year target date for lifting internal border checks and restoring the 26-nation, passport-free Schengen Area. ](/news/2016/03/4/european-migrant-crisis-the-european-commission-proposes-an-end-of-year-target-date-for-lifting-internal-border-checks-and-restoring-the-26.md) _Context: European Commission_
10. [Negotiators for the European Commission and the United States agree on a pact protecting data transfers across the North Atlantic by companies such as Google and Amazon, imposing on such companies certain privacy shield obligations. ](/news/2016/02/2/negotiators-for-the-european-commission-and-the-united-states-agree-on-a-pact-protecting-data-transfers-across-the-north-atlantic-by-compani.md) _Context: European Commission_
