### [2015-08-23](/news/2015/08/23/index.md)

# Authorities arrest two Iowa men in Saugus, Massachusetts after heavy firearms are discovered in their hotel room. The two men had made threats on social media stating their targeting of the 2015 Pokemon Video Game World Championships that are being held in Boston. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2015/08/23/us/pokemon-championships-threats/)

### Related:

1. [Ten people are injured when a taxi jumped a curb and hit a group of cabdrivers outside the taxi pool building at Logan International Airport in Boston, Massachusetts. ](/news/2017/07/3/ten-people-are-injured-when-a-taxi-jumped-a-curb-and-hit-a-group-of-cabdrivers-outside-the-taxi-pool-building-at-logan-international-airport.md) _Context: Boston_
2. [The first penis transplant in the United States is performed successfully at the Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH) in Boston, Massachusetts. Doctors call the operation "a surgical milestone". The patient, 64-year-old Thomas Manning from Halifax, Massachusetts, is the third man worldwide to have had the experimental surgery performed. ](/news/2016/05/16/the-first-penis-transplant-in-the-united-states-is-performed-successfully-at-the-massachusetts-general-hospital-mgh-in-boston-massachuset.md) _Context: Boston_
3. [The United States Supreme Court,  in a 6-2 ruling written by Justice Anthony Kennedy, upholds the  8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals' $5.8 million class action judgment against Tyson Foods Incorporated filed by workers at an Iowa pork-processing facility who contended they were underpaid. ](/news/2016/03/22/the-united-states-supreme-court-in-a-6-2-ruling-written-by-justice-anthony-kennedy-upholds-the-8th-u-s-circuit-court-of-appeals-5-8-m.md) _Context: Iowa_
4. [A dangerous cold snap hits the northeastern United States with the city of Boston, Massachusetts, to face its coldest Valentine's Day in four decades. ](/news/2016/02/13/a-dangerous-cold-snap-hits-the-northeastern-united-states-with-the-city-of-boston-massachusetts-to-face-its-coldest-valentine-s-day-in-fou.md) _Context: Boston_
5. [Voters in Iowa go to Democratic and Republican Party caucuses in the first formal stage of the U.S. elections. ](/news/2016/02/1/voters-in-iowa-go-to-democratic-and-republican-party-caucuses-in-the-first-formal-stage-of-the-u-s-elections.md) _Context: Iowa_
6. [The seventh Republican Party presidential debate, the second hosted by Fox News, and the final debate before voting begins with the Iowa caucuses on February 1, is held in Des Moines, Iowa. The seven candidates featuring in the primetime debate were Jeb Bush, Ben Carson, Chris Christie, Ted Cruz, John Kasich, Rand Paul and Marco Rubio. Donald Trump, the current front-runner in the polls, was also invited to the primetime debate but opted to boycott the debate and instead hosted a town hall with charitable proceeds going to veterans groups. ](/news/2016/01/28/the-seventh-republican-party-presidential-debate-the-second-hosted-by-fox-news-and-the-final-debate-before-voting-begins-with-the-iowa-cau.md) _Context: Iowa_
7. [A bank in Minnesota (U.S.) is robbed by the same person a second time while an Iowa television station was doing a live update on the first robbery. The robber was arrested shortly afterwards. ](/news/2015/12/16/a-bank-in-minnesota-u-s-is-robbed-by-the-same-person-a-second-time-while-an-iowa-television-station-was-doing-a-live-update-on-the-first.md) _Context: Iowa_
8. [During U.S. Labor Day holiday activities in Boston, President Barack Obama announces a new executive order requiring federal government contractors to offer workers seven days of paid sick leave per year. On July 1st, Massachusetts became the third state, Connecticut and California being the others, with similar requirements. ](/news/2015/09/7/during-u-s-labor-day-holiday-activities-in-boston-president-barack-obama-announces-a-new-executive-order-requiring-federal-government-cont.md) _Context: Boston_
9. [ Norwegian Cruise Line's ''Norwegian Dawn'' ran aground three miles off Bermuda when departing for a return trip to Boston, Massachusetts, U.S.A.. ](/news/2015/05/19/norwegian-cruise-line-s-norwegian-dawn-ran-aground-three-miles-off-bermuda-when-departing-for-a-return-trip-to-boston-massachusetts-u.md) _Context: Boston_
10. [The U.S. city of Boston, Massachusetts, sets all-time records for amount of snow on the ground and amount of snow over 30-day and 40-day periods in 17 days. ](/news/2015/02/9/the-u-s-city-of-boston-massachusetts-sets-all-time-records-for-amount-of-snow-on-the-ground-and-amount-of-snow-over-30-day-and-40-day-per.md) _Context: Boston_
