### [2015-08-23](/news/2015/08/23/index.md)

# Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant is reported to have blown up the ancient Baalshamin temple in Palmyra, Syria. 

Islamic State militants have blown up the ancient temple of Baalshamin at Palmyra, Syrian officials and activists say.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-34036644)

### Related:

1. [Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant. Islamic State captures the Syrian city of Tadmur from the Syrian Army with grave concerns held about the Palmyra site. ](/news/2015/05/20/islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-islamic-state-captures-the-syrian-city-of-tadmur-from-the-syrian-army-with-grave-concerns-held-about-t.md) _Context: ISIL, Palmyra, Syria_
2. [March 2017 Israel-Syria incident. Israeli-Syrian ceasefire line incidents during the Syrian Civil War. The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/march-2017-israel-syria-incident-israeli-syrian-ceasefire-line-incidents-during-the-syrian-civil-war-the-israeli-air-force-launches-se.md) _Context: Palmyra, Syria_
3. [2017 Istanbul nightclub attack. The Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack in what it claims is a response to Turkey's actions in neighbouring Syria. ](/news/2017/01/2/2017-istanbul-nightclub-attack-the-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility-for-the-attack-in-what-it-claims-is-a-respons.md) _Context: ISIL, Syria_
4. [Syrian Civil War. Palmyra offensive (December 2016). ISIL recaptures the Syrian city of Palmyra despite heavy Russian airstrikes, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and Palmyra Coordination Committee (PCC). ](/news/2016/12/11/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-december-2016-isil-recaptures-the-syrian-city-of-palmyra-despite-heavy-russian-airstrikes-according.md) _Context: Palmyra, Syria_
5. [Russian intervention. A Russian Air Force Mi-24 helicopter crashes near Palmyra, Syria, while assisting Syrian Army forces in the area. Russia's Ministry of Defence confirms two Russian pilots, Riafa'at Habibulin and Yevgeny Dolgin, are killed. ](/news/2016/07/9/russian-intervention-a-russian-air-force-mi-24-helicopter-crashes-near-palmyra-syria-while-assisting-syrian-army-forces-in-the-area-russ.md) _Context: Palmyra, Syria_
6. [Syrian Civil War. Syrian Government forces enter Raqqa province, the joint capital of Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant. It is one of three simultaneous attacks in Iraq and Syria. ](/news/2016/06/4/syrian-civil-war-syrian-government-forces-enter-raqqa-province-the-joint-capital-of-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-it-is-one-of-thr.md) _Context: ISIL, Syria_
7. [Spillover of the Syrian Civil War. Turkey claims that its artillery fire together with U.S. air strikes killed more than 104 ISIL militants after rockets fired from northern Syria killed several people in the Turkish town of Kilis. ](/news/2016/05/28/spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-turkey-claims-that-its-artillery-fire-together-with-u-s-air-strikes-killed-more-than-104-isil-militants.md) _Context: ISIL, Syria_
8. [Syrian Civil War. Palmyra offensive (March 2016). Airstrikes by Syrian or Russian warplanes on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah in northern Syria, leaves at least 39 people dead, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. Airstrikes on the city of Palmyra and nearby villages are said to have killed at least 18 ISIL militants, as the Syrian Army advance on the city. ](/news/2016/03/19/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-march-2016-airstrikes-by-syrian-or-russian-warplanes-on-isil-s-de-facto-capital-al-raqqah-in-northern.md) _Context: Palmyra, Syria_
9. [Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant. ISIS claims responsibility for the deaths of two Syrian refugee activists who fled to Sanliurfa, Turkey, raising concerns about the group-s reach in countries outside of Syria and Iraq. Ibrahim Abdel Qader, a founder of Raqqa Is Being Slaughtered Silently, and Fares Hammadi are said to have been killed by an acquaintance posing as a defector from ISIS. ](/news/2015/11/3/islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-isis-claims-responsibility-for-the-deaths-of-two-syrian-refugee-activists-who-fled-to-sanliurfa-turke.md) _Context: ISIL, Syria_
10. [France-led coalition intervention against ISIL. France launches a series of airstrikes on Raqqa, the Islamic State's de facto capital in Syria, destroying a jihadi training camp and a munitions dump. ](/news/2015/11/15/france-led-coalition-intervention-against-isil-france-launches-a-series-of-airstrikes-on-raqqa-the-islamic-state-s-de-facto-capital-in-syr.md) _Context: ISIL, Syria_
