### [2005-09-1](/news/2005/09/1/index.md)

#  Al Jazeera broadcasts a video tape claimed to be supplied by Al-Qaeda which apparently shows suicide bomber Mohammad Sidique Khan prior to the 7 July 2005 London bombings stating that he would take part in the attacks. He warned Westerners that they would not be safe because of their "crimes against humanity." 




### Source:

1. [Guardian/AP](http://www.guardian.co.uk/worldlatest/story/0,1280,-5249082,00.html?gusrc=ticker-103704)

### Related:

1. [ Ayman al Zawahri, deputy of al-Qaeda claims that two of the London bombers trained with al-Qaeda on a video posted on a website. The two men he identified as training with them are Shehzad Tanweer and Mohammad Sidique Khan. ](/news/2006/07/7/ayman-al-zawahri-deputy-of-al-qaeda-claims-that-two-of-the-london-bombers-trained-with-al-qaeda-on-a-video-posted-on-a-website-the-two-me.md) _Context: 7 July, Mohammad Sidique Khan, al-Qaeda_
2. [ Al Jazeera television releases an audio tape featuring a message believed to have been recorded by al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden. ](/news/2007/11/29/al-jazeera-television-releases-an-audio-tape-featuring-a-message-believed-to-have-been-recorded-by-al-qaeda-leader-osama-bin-laden.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, al-Qaeda_
3. [ Al Jazeera airs an audiotape from Osama bin Laden saying al-Qaeda is making preparations for attacks in the United States but offering a "long-term truce" to rebuild Iraq and Afghanistan. ](/news/2006/01/19/al-jazeera-airs-an-audiotape-from-osama-bin-laden-saying-al-qaeda-is-making-preparations-for-attacks-in-the-united-states-but-offering-a-l.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, al-Qaeda_
4. [ Imad Yarkas is convicted in Spain of conspiracy with al-Qaeda in the September 11, 2001 attacks and sentenced to 27 years. Driss Chebli, was convicted of collaborating with a terrorist group and sentenced to six years, Al Jazeera journalist Tayseer Allouni was also convicted of collaborating with a terrorist group and sentenced to seven years, while Ghasoub al-Abrash Ghalyoun was acquitted on all counts. [http://news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&u=/ap/20050926/ap_on_re_eu/spain_sept11_trial (AP)] (Link dead as of 21:25, 14 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/09/26/imad-yarkas-is-convicted-in-spain-of-conspiracy-with-al-qaeda-in-the-september-11-2001-attacks-and-sentenced-to-27-years-driss-chebli-wa.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, al-Qaeda_
5. [ 7 July 2005 London bombings: Four explosions are reported on the London Underground and bus system, leading to the entire transport network being shut down. A previously unheard-of splinter group of al-Qaeda has claimed responsibility, though their involvement has not yet been verified. The attacks have left at least 50 people dead and roughly 700 others injured. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/england/london/4659093.stm (BBC (1))] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/4661059.stm (BBC (2))] (Wikinews)](/news/2005/07/7/7-july-2005-london-bombings-four-explosions-are-reported-on-the-london-underground-and-bus-system-leading-to-the-entire-transport-network.md) _Context: 7 July, al-Qaeda_
6. [ Terrorism: On the eve of the second anniversary of the September 11 terrorist attacks, the Arabic-language television channel Al Jazeera airs a videotape, purportedly from Osama bin Laden. The videotape shows two men, including one meant to be bin Laden, walking down an (unidentified) rocky hillside. Al Jazeera said the other man seen on the tape, carrying an automatic rifle, was Ayman al-Zawahri, the Egyptian physician who merged his Islamic Jihad organization with Al Qaeda. The tape was claimed to have been made in late April or early May. An accompanying audiotape, attributed to the deputy, Ayman al-Zawahri, called on Iraqis to "bury" American troops in Iraq.](/news/2003/09/10/terrorism-on-the-eve-of-the-second-anniversary-of-the-september-11-terrorist-attacks-the-arabic-language-television-channel-al-jazeera-ai.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, al-Qaeda_
7. [Israel plans to shut down all of Al Jazeera's operations in the country, alleging support of terrorism. ](/news/2017/08/6/israel-plans-to-shut-down-all-of-al-jazeera-s-operations-in-the-country-alleging-support-of-terrorism.md) _Context: Al Jazeera_
8. [Tahrir al-Sham, al-Qaeda's branch in Syria, claims responsibility for yesterday's twin bomb attacks in Damascus which left dozens dead. ](/news/2017/03/12/tahrir-al-sham-al-qaeda-s-branch-in-syria-claims-responsibility-for-yesterday-s-twin-bomb-attacks-in-damascus-which-left-dozens-dead.md) _Context: al-Qaeda_
9. [The Obama Administration and Bush Administration had failed to publicly disclose up to thousands of lethal airstrikes the U.S. made in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria against ISIL, Al-Qaeda, and the Taliban via U.S. Army helicopters and drones. ](/news/2017/02/5/the-obama-administration-and-bush-administration-had-failed-to-publicly-disclose-up-to-thousands-of-lethal-airstrikes-the-u-s-made-in-afgha.md) _Context: al-Qaeda_
10. [A producer of Al Jazeera is arrested in Egypt. ](/news/2016/12/25/a-producer-of-al-jazeera-is-arrested-in-egypt.md) _Context: Al Jazeera_
