### [2005-09-1](/news/2005/09/1/index.md)

#  Iraq hanged three men in the first executions in the country since the 2003 invasion. They were part of the Jaish Ansar al-Sunna group and had been convicted of kidnapping and murdering three policemen and abducting, raping and killing Iraqi women. Iraqi President Jalal Talabani refused to sign the death warrants, but his Deputy President Adel Abdul Mehdi signed instead. Talabani has also said he will refuse to sign the death warrant of Saddam Hussein should he be convicted and sentenced to death. 

News and opinion from The Times &amp; The Sunday Times


### Source:

1. [Times Online](http://www.timesonline.co.uk/article/0,,7374-1761079,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ 2003 occupation of Iraq: 7 newly US-trained Iraqi policemen are killed and at least 13 are wounded by an explosion while they are marching from training school in Ramadi. The American forces overseeing the rebuilding of Iraq's infrastructure, who gave their blessing to the march taking place, blames loyalists to Saddam Hussein; some people on the scene blame U.S. forces. It is the first attack on Iraqis collaborating with the invading coalition forces, as opposed to on the forces themselves. ](/news/2003/07/5/2003-occupation-of-iraq-7-newly-us-trained-iraqi-policemen-are-killed-and-at-least-13-are-wounded-by-an-explosion-while-they-are-marching.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq, Saddam Hussein, police_
2. [ Iraqi President Jalal Talabani criticizes Syrian President Bashar al-Assad for his support of a possible Turkish attack against Kurdistan Workers Party fighters in the Iraqi Kurdistan. ](/news/2007/10/20/iraqi-president-jalal-talabani-criticizes-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-for-his-support-of-a-possible-turkish-attack-against-kurdistan-w.md) _Context: Iraq, Jalal Talabani, President_
3. [ The United States Federal Bureau of Investigation names Alexis Flores as the 487th person placed on the FBI Ten Most Wanted Fugitives list. He is wanted for the kidnapping, rape and murder of a five-year-old girl in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. ](/news/2007/06/2/the-united-states-federal-bureau-of-investigation-names-alexis-flores-as-the-487th-person-placed-on-the-fbi-ten-most-wanted-fugitives-list.md) _Context: kidnapped, murder, rape_
4. [ Iraq:: President Jalal Talabani has been flown to Jordan for medical treatment after falling ill. ](/news/2007/02/25/iraq-president-jalal-talabani-has-been-flown-to-jordan-for-medical-treatment-after-falling-ill.md) _Context: Iraq, Jalal Talabani, President_
5. [ Trial of Saddam Hussein: An appeal court in Baghdad has rejected former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein's appeal against the death sentence handed down on November 5 for the 1982 killings of Shias in Dujail. By Iraqi law, the execution by hanging has to be carried out within 30 days after the announcement of the rejection. ](/news/2006/12/26/trial-of-saddam-hussein-an-appeal-court-in-baghdad-has-rejected-former-iraqi-leader-saddam-hussein-s-appeal-against-the-death-sentence-han.md) _Context: Iraq, Saddam Hussein, hanging_
6. [ At least 21 people have been killed after a truck bomb went off in the northern Iraqi city of Kirkuk, according to local police. Reports indicate that the bomb exploded near the offices of the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan of Jalal Talabani, the President of Iraq. ](/news/2006/09/17/at-least-21-people-have-been-killed-after-a-truck-bomb-went-off-in-the-northern-iraqi-city-of-kirkuk-according-to-local-police-reports-in.md) _Context: Iraq, Jalal Talabani, President_
7. [ Deposed Iraq president Saddam Hussein has refused to attend his trial for crimes against humanity, throwing the sometimes chaotic Iraqi proceedings into further confusion. ](/news/2005/12/6/deposed-iraq-president-saddam-hussein-has-refused-to-attend-his-trial-for-crimes-against-humanity-throwing-the-sometimes-chaotic-iraqi-pro.md) _Context: Iraq, President, Saddam Hussein_
8. [ Iraqi President Jalal Talabani has called the former prime minister Iyad Allawi's comments ""nonsense"". Allawi claimed that the human rights abuses in Iraq were as bad now as they were under Saddam Hussein. Talabani stated that the government was against any form of torture or harming of Prisoners. ](/news/2005/11/28/iraqi-president-jalal-talabani-has-called-the-former-prime-minister-iyad-allawi-s-comments-nonsense-allawi-claimed-that-the-human-righ.md) _Context: Iraq, Jalal Talabani, Saddam Hussein_
9. [ Lawyers for the former President of Iraq, Saddam Hussein, claim he was attacked by an unidentified man after questioning by the Iraqi special tribunal on Thursday; however the United States denies the event. ](/news/2005/07/30/lawyers-for-the-former-president-of-iraq-saddam-hussein-claim-he-was-attacked-by-an-unidentified-man-after-questioning-by-the-iraqi-speci.md) _Context: Iraq, President, Saddam Hussein_
10. [ George Galloway, British MP and anti-war campaigner, appears before the United States Senate to defend himself against charges that he profited from Saddam Hussein's regime, launching a tirade against the senators who had accused him and attacking the war in Iraq. ](/news/2005/05/17/george-galloway-british-mp-and-anti-war-campaigner-appears-before-the-united-states-senate-to-defend-himself-against-charges-that-he-prof.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
