### [2005-09-1](/news/2005/09/1/index.md)

#  On the eve of People's Republic of China President Hu Jintao's first visit to North America next week, a PRC foreign ministry spokesman warned against any government providing Taiwan (ROC) with missile defense systems. Hu Jintao arrives in Washington, D.C. on Monday, then visits Canada and Mexico before visiting the United Nations General Assembly. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/4204612.stm)

### Related:

1. [ People's Republic of China President Hu Jintao has postponed his scheduled visit to Washington in the coming week. He plans to meet with President Bush later in the month while attending the United Nations General Assembly in New York City. ](/news/2005/09/3/people-s-republic-of-china-president-hu-jintao-has-postponed-his-scheduled-visit-to-washington-in-the-coming-week-he-plans-to-meet-with-pr.md) _Context: Chinese President, Hu Jintao, United Nations General Assembly, Washington, D.C._
2. [China surpassed the United States last year as the country with the most clean energy investment. China's clean energy investments were $34.6 billion, compared with U.S.A.'s $18.6 billion last year. The US still leads the world in installed renewable energy, with 52.2 gigawatts of wind energy, small hydroelectric, biomass and waste generating capacity, per a report by the nonprofit Pew Charitable Trusts, but has dropped below ten other countries, including Canada and Mexico in investments as a share of the national economy.](/news/2010/03/26/china-surpassed-the-united-states-last-year-as-the-country-with-the-most-clean-energy-investment-china-s-clean-energy-investments-were-34.md) _Context: Canada, China, Mexico_
3. [ At the 11th National People's Congress, Hu Jintao is elected to a second term as the President of China, and Xi Jinping is elected Vice-President. ](/news/2008/03/15/at-the-11th-national-people-s-congress-hu-jintao-is-elected-to-a-second-term-as-the-president-of-china-and-xi-jinping-is-elected-vice-pre.md) _Context: China, Chinese President, Hu Jintao_
4. [ The Prime Minister of Kyrgyzstan Almaz Atambayev and the President of the People's Republic of China Hu Jintao meet to discuss Kyrgyz participation in a Turkmenistan-China gas pipeline. ](/news/2007/08/16/the-prime-minister-of-kyrgyzstan-almaz-atambayev-and-the-president-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-hu-jintao-meet-to-discuss-kyrgyz-parti.md) _Context: China, Chinese President, Hu Jintao_
5. [ People's Republic of China President Hu Jintao meets with Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin in Ottawa. The event is met with protesters and supporters of the Chinese government. Martin and Hu agree on a new "Strategic Partnership", and sign a series of agreements on transportation, food inspection, and scientific research. Hu also meets with Governor General Adrienne Clarkson. ](/news/2005/09/9/people-s-republic-of-china-president-hu-jintao-meets-with-canadian-prime-minister-paul-martin-in-ottawa-the-event-is-met-with-protesters-a.md) _Context: Canada, Chinese President, Hu Jintao_
6. [ US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice arrives in Beijing for the last leg of her six-country Asian trip. Rice met with President Hu Jintao and Premier Wen Jiabao; talks about North Korea nuclear missiles program and Taiwan are on the top of the agenda. ](/news/2005/03/20/us-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-arrives-in-beijing-for-the-last-leg-of-her-six-country-asian-trip-rice-met-with-president-hu-jintao.md) _Context: Chinese President, Hu Jintao, Taiwan_
7. [FIRST Robotics Competition: Six teenagers, four males and two females, from a Burundi robotics team are reported missing after competing in the FIRST Global Robotics Competition in Washington, D.C. A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year old girl reportedly crossed the United States border into Canada. There is no indication of foul play. ](/news/2017/07/20/first-robotics-competition-six-teenagers-four-males-and-two-females-from-a-burundi-robotics-team-are-reported-missing-after-competing-in.md) _Context: Canada, Washington, D.C._
8. [Politics of Hong Kong: Protests mark the 20th anniversary of the transfer of sovereignty over Hong Kong to China from the United Kingdom alongside the arrival of Chinese President Xi Jinping. ](/news/2017/06/29/politics-of-hong-kong-protests-mark-the-20th-anniversary-of-the-transfer-of-sovereignty-over-hong-kong-to-china-from-the-united-kingdom-alo.md) _Context: China, Chinese President_
9. [Foreign relations of Panama: Panama severs diplomatic ties with Taiwan and establishes formal relations with China. ](/news/2017/06/12/foreign-relations-of-panama-panama-severs-diplomatic-ties-with-taiwan-and-establishes-formal-relations-with-china.md) _Context: China, Taiwan_
10. [Foreign relations of Taiwan: Burkina Faso and Swaziland refuse to break relations with Taiwan and recognize the One-China policy despite being offered aid from China. ](/news/2017/01/25/foreign-relations-of-taiwan-burkina-faso-and-swaziland-refuse-to-break-relations-with-taiwan-and-recognize-the-one-china-policy-despite-bei.md) _Context: China, Taiwan_
