### [2005-09-1](/news/2005/09/1/index.md)

#  Russia marks the first anniversary of the Beslan tragedy in which militants seized nearly 1,200 hostages, killing 331, more than half of them children. 




### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/worldlatest/story/0,1280,-5248562,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ Beslan school hostage crisis: Armed men and women continue to hold over 1,300 adults and children hostage in Beslan, North Ossetia, Russia. Russian authorities announce that they have, for the moment, ruled out the use of force to end the standoff, while Chechen rebel leader Aslan Maskhadov denies that his forces are responsible. Late in the day, 26 women and children are released by the hostage-takers. (BBC: [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/3620498.stm 1], [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/3621418.stm 2])](/news/2004/09/2/beslan-school-hostage-crisis-armed-men-and-women-continue-to-hold-over-1-300-adults-and-children-hostage-in-beslan-north-ossetia-russia.md) _Context: Beslan, Beslan children killed a year ago_
2. [ Vladimir Putin tells mothers of Beslan children killed a year ago that the government could not guarantee complete security in the face of terrorism. ](/news/2005/09/2/vladimir-putin-tells-mothers-of-beslan-children-killed-a-year-ago-that-the-government-could-not-guarantee-complete-security-in-the-face-of.md) _Context: Beslan children killed a year ago_
3. [ In Russia, the trial of Nur-Pashi Kulayev, the only survivor of the attackers in the Beslan school hostage crisis, begins. Relatives of the victims disrupt the proceedings. ](/news/2005/05/17/in-russia-the-trial-of-nur-pashi-kulayev-the-only-survivor-of-the-attackers-in-the-beslan-school-hostage-crisis-begins-relatives-of-the.md) _Context: Beslan children killed a year ago_
4. [ Shamil Basayev, the Chechen rebel commander who claimed responsibility for the September 2004 Beslan school hostage crisis, threatens more attacks against Russian civilians. ](/news/2004/10/31/shamil-basayev-the-chechen-rebel-commander-who-claimed-responsibility-for-the-september-2004-beslan-school-hostage-crisis-threatens-more.md) _Context: Beslan children killed a year ago_
5. [ Three Russian policemen are charged with negligence over the Beslan school hostage crisis; more than 350 people, about half of whom were children, died in that event. ](/news/2004/10/27/three-russian-policemen-are-charged-with-negligence-over-the-beslan-school-hostage-crisis-more-than-350-people-about-half-of-whom-were-ch.md) _Context: Beslan children killed a year ago_
6. [ The hostage crisis in Beslan, North Ossetia, Russia, ends violently as fighting erupts in the early afternoon between the hostage-takers and Russian special forces. Special forces teams storm the school, in attempt to save the remaining hostages, after two explosions are heard and the hostage-takers fire on a medical team attempting to remove dead bodies. Several hundred people die in the ensuing battle; the hostage-takers shoot some hostages are shot in the back as the hostages attempt to flee. Official reports list 335 confirmed dead, including 156 children, and more than 700 wounded; 176 remain missing. Some of the hostage-takers briefly escape, but eventually all are reported killed or captured by Russian authorities. (BBC: [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/3624024.stm 1], [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/3624024.stm 2], [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/3624024.stm 3], Interfax: [http://www2.interfax.ru/eng/news/politics/040903/64859/story.html 1], [http://www.interfax.ru/e/B/0/28.html?id_issue=10699281 2])](/news/2004/09/3/the-hostage-crisis-in-beslan-north-ossetia-russia-ends-violently-as-fighting-erupts-in-the-early-afternoon-between-the-hostage-takers-an.md) _Context: Beslan_
7. [ Beslan hostage crisis: Approximately 30 armed men and women seize a school in Beslan, North Ossetia, a Russian city close to Chechnya, taking over 1,300 adults and children hostage. Russian police and army units quickly surround the school, beginning a three-day standoff. ](/news/2004/09/1/beslan-hostage-crisis-approximately-30-armed-men-and-women-seize-a-school-in-beslan-north-ossetia-a-russian-city-close-to-chechnya-taki.md) _Context: Beslan_
