### [2005-09-1](/news/2005/09/1/index.md)

#  U.S. President George W. Bush in an early morning interview with ABC's Diane Sawyer at the White House said: "I fully understand people wanting things to have happened yesterday" 




### Source:

1. [ABC](http://abcnews.go.com/GMA/HurricaneKatrina/story?id=1086311&page=1)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/4205074.stm)
3. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=10000103&sid=askwHltK.MiU&refer=us)
4. [MarketWatch](http://www.marketwatch.com/news/story.asp?siteid=google&guid=%7B110CA7EA%2DC83D%2D4369%2DAE3F%2DA082CE036F38%7D&)
4. [Cover Image](http://mw3.wsj.net/mw5/content/logos/mw_logo_social.png)

### Related:

1. [ Charles Gibson announces he will step down as anchor of World News and retire from ABC in January 2010. Diane Sawyer will replace him at ABC World News. ](/news/2009/09/2/charles-gibson-announces-he-will-step-down-as-anchor-of-world-news-and-retire-from-abc-in-january-2010-diane-sawyer-will-replace-him-at-ab.md) _Context: ABC, Diane Sawyer_
2. [ United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice says the White House wants to broker a permanent deal between Israel and the Palestinian Authority before President George W. Bush leaves office. ](/news/2007/11/21/united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-says-the-white-house-wants-to-broker-a-permanent-deal-between-israel-and-the-palestinian.md) _Context: George W. Bush, White House_
3. [ Former White House Press Secretary Scott McClellan claims that United States President George W. Bush was involved in the Plame affair. ](/news/2007/11/21/former-white-house-press-secretary-scott-mcclellan-claims-that-united-states-president-george-w-bush-was-involved-in-the-plame-affair.md) _Context: George W. Bush, White House_
4. [ The United States House Committee on the Judiciary votes 22-17 to approve a report citing former White House counsel Harriet Miers and current Chief of Staff for President George W. Bush Joshua Bolten for failing to comply with subpoenas regarding the dismissal of U.S. attorneys controversy. ](/news/2007/07/25/the-united-states-house-committee-on-the-judiciary-votes-22-17-to-approve-a-report-citing-former-white-house-counsel-harriet-miers-and-curr.md) _Context: George W. Bush, White House_
5. [ Jack Abramoff scandals: David Safavian, former George W. Bush White House official, is convicted of four felony counts of lying and obstruction of justice related to his dealings with lobbyist Jack Abramoff. ](/news/2006/06/20/jack-abramoff-scandals-david-safavian-former-george-w-bush-white-house-official-is-convicted-of-four-felony-counts-of-lying-and-obstruc.md) _Context: George W. Bush, White House_
6. [ U.S. President George W. Bush welcomes the Chinese President Hu Jintao at the White House. A Falun Gong protester--an accredited journalist from "The Epoch Times"--interrupts Hu's speech at the arrival ceremony before being removed by the Secret Service. The announcer violates protocol by accidentally calling the March of the Volunteers the "National Anthem of the Republic of China". ](/news/2006/04/20/u-s-president-george-w-bush-welcomes-the-chinese-president-hu-jintao-at-the-white-house-a-falun-gong-protesteraan-accredited-journalis.md) _Context: George W. Bush, White House_
7. [ United States Secretary of Education Rod Paige announces his intent to resign from his post, making him the third member of President George W. Bush's Cabinet to resign since his re-election. No time-table has been set for his actually leaving the post. White House domestic policy adviser Margaret Spellings has been suggested as his successor. ](/news/2004/11/12/united-states-secretary-of-education-rod-paige-announces-his-intent-to-resign-from-his-post-making-him-the-third-member-of-president-georg.md) _Context: George W. Bush, White House_
8. [ Americans commemorate the third anniversary of the September 11, 2001, attacks. U.S. President George Bush and First Lady Laura Bush observe a moment of silence on the South Lawn of the White House to officially begin the day of remembrance. ](/news/2004/09/11/americans-commemorate-the-third-anniversary-of-the-september-11-2001-attacks-u-s-president-george-bush-and-first-lady-laura-bush-observ.md) _Context: George W. Bush, White House_
9. [ The White House releases a February 7, 2002, memo in which President George W. Bush ordered humane treatment of captured Taliban and al Qaeda fighters despite a Justice Department legal opinion that the Geneva Convention does not apply. Twenty-one other memos requested by Senate Democrats have not yet been released; no released memos address Iraq or Abu-Ghraib Prison. [http://msnbc.msn.com/ID/5259200/ (MSNBC)] [http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/A61651-2004Jun22.html (Memo)] Gordon B. Hinckley, 15th president of the LDS church, awarded presidential medal of Freedom from George W. Bush. The U.S. administration releases a U.S. Justice Department memo asserting that the legal opinion that the president had "the legal authority to order prisoners to be tortured". The memo indicates that Donald Rumsfeld denied approval to strongly coercive physical measures, but approved what has been described as "mild, noninjurious physical contact", and use of "detainee's individuals phobias (such as fear of dogs)". [http://www.voanews.com/article.cfm?objectID=287A07AA-33E4-42B5-A908D73E080FF8A3 (VOA)] [http://www.news24.com/News24/World/News/0,,2-10-1462_1546723,00.html (News24)] The U.S. administration asserts that it refused to permit the use of torture, even if to do so would be legally permissible.](/news/2004/06/23/the-white-house-releases-a-february-7-2002-memo-in-which-president-george-w-bush-ordered-humane-treatment-of-captured-taliban-and-al-qae.md) _Context: George W. Bush, White House_
10. [ US National Security Advisor Condoleezza Rice testifies before the September 11 Commission. Rice states President George W. Bush understood threat from al-Qaeda before September 11. She asserts "the terrorists were at war with us, but we were not yet at war with them." She also says that President George W. Bush came into office in 2001 determined to develop a "more robust" policy to combat Al-Qaida. The commission asks the White House to declassify a key August 2001 document entitled ""Bin Ladin Determined to Strike in US"". ](/news/2004/04/8/us-national-security-advisor-condoleezza-rice-testifies-before-the-september-11-commission-rice-states-president-george-w-bush-understood.md) _Context: George W. Bush, White House_
