### [2015-02-11](/news/2015/02/11/index.md)

# SpaceX launches a weather observation satellite, Deep Space Climate Observatory, at 6:03 p.m. EST from Cape Canaveral, Florida (for the US Air Force/NASA/NOAA), but postpones making of a second attempt to land a Falcon 9 v1.1 rocket on a floating platform called the autonomous spaceport drone ship, following the January 10 failure during the SpaceX CRS-5 mission. SpaceX instead, attempts a "mock" soft-landing into the Atlantic ocean 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/290fff0e1e8440cd83283cb3c74bf08f/spacex-tries-3rd-time-launch-observatory-land-rocket)
2. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/b185f13dde9c487d8fc4864e2de6070c/spacex-looks-launch-space-weather-satellite-land-rocket)

### Related:

1. [SpaceX successfully launches Japanese communication satellite JCSAT-16 into geostationary orbit from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. The Falcon 9 Full Thrust rocket used to place the satellite in orbit successfully landed on an autonomous spaceport drone ship in the Atlantic Ocean. ](/news/2016/08/14/spacex-successfully-launches-japanese-communication-satellite-jcsat-16-into-geostationary-orbit-from-cape-canaveral-air-force-station-in-flo.md) _Context: Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Florida, SpaceX, autonomous drone ship_
2. [A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket explodes during a routine firing test at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. SpaceX say there were no injuries, but that an "anomaly" during the static fire test resulted in the loss of the rocket and the Israeli Amos-6 communication satellite it was carrying. ](/news/2016/09/1/a-spacex-falcon-9-rocket-explodes-during-a-routine-firing-test-at-cape-canaveral-air-force-station-in-florida-spacex-say-there-were-no-inju.md) _Context: Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Florida, SpaceX_
3. [SpaceX launches a NASA cargo run to the International Space Station, and in a spaceflight first, successfully lands its reusable main-stage booster on an autonomous spaceport drone ship. ](/news/2016/04/8/spacex-launches-a-nasa-cargo-run-to-the-international-space-station-and-in-a-spaceflight-first-successfully-lands-its-reusable-main-stage.md) _Context: NASA, SpaceX, autonomous drone ship_
4. [Following the previous explosion of Orbital Sciences' Cygnus CRS Orb-3 on October 28, 2014, an unmanned Atlas V 401 rocket carrying Orbital ATK's Cygnus CRS Orb-4 resupply mission to NASA's International Space Station launches from Cape Canaveral in the U.S. state of Florida. The mission includes 7,380 pounds of cargo. ](/news/2015/12/6/following-the-previous-explosion-of-orbital-sciences-cygnus-crs-orb-3-on-october-28-2014-an-unmanned-atlas-v-401-rocket-carrying-orbital.md) _Context: Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Florida, NASA_
5. [SpaceX successfully launches a Falcon 9 rocket from Cape Canaveral, Florida, as part of boosting its Dragon spacecraft into space for a Monday arrival at the ISS in the SpaceX CRS-5 resupply mission. However, an experimental recovery attempt of the first stage fails when it crash-lands on a floating platform possibly due to insufficient hydraulic fluid, resulting in damage to the platform. The state of the destruction of the launch vehicle is publically unknown. ](/news/2015/01/10/spacex-successfully-launches-a-falcon-9-rocket-from-cape-canaveral-florida-as-part-of-boosting-its-dragon-spacecraft-into-space-for-a-mond.md) _Context: Florida, SpaceX, SpaceX CRS-5_
6. [SpaceX launched the first working Dragon spacecraft on a test flight at 10:43am EST (15:43 UTC) from Launch Complex 40, Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. ](/news/2010/12/8/spacex-launched-the-first-working-dragon-spacecraft-on-a-test-flight-at-10-43am-est-15-43-utc-from-launch-complex-40-cape-canaveral-air-f.md) _Context: Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Florida, SpaceX_
7. [ NASA launches its Kepler spacecraft from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. ](/news/2009/03/7/nasa-launches-its-kepler-spacecraft-from-cape-canaveral-air-force-station-in-florida.md) _Context: Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Florida, NASA_
8. [United Launch Alliance says it was not given an opportunity to bid against rival SpaceX for the upcoming launch of the U.S. Air Force miniature X-37B space plane. The Air Force declined to comment. ](/news/2017/06/9/united-launch-alliance-says-it-was-not-given-an-opportunity-to-bid-against-rival-spacex-for-the-upcoming-launch-of-the-u-s-air-force-miniat.md) _Context: Air Force, SpaceX_
9. [The United States Air Force's unmanned spacecraft X-37B successfully lands at Kennedy Space Center's Shuttle Landing Facility in Merritt Island, Florida, after spending a record-breaking 718 days in orbit. The landing was responsible for reports of sonic booms across central Florida. ](/news/2017/05/7/the-united-states-air-force-s-unmanned-spacecraft-x-37b-successfully-lands-at-kennedy-space-center-s-shuttle-landing-facility-in-merritt-isl.md) _Context: Air Force, Florida_
10. [SpaceX successfully places the SES-10 telecommunications satellite on a geostationary transfer orbit. The event is notable because of the implied economic cost savings of reusing, for the first time, a used Falcon 9 first stage which had previously been recovered. That first stage had previously launched a Dragon spacecraft to the International Space Station and landed on an autonomous drone ship during the CRS-8 mission. ](/news/2017/03/30/spacex-successfully-places-the-ses-10-telecommunications-satellite-on-a-geostationary-transfer-orbit-the-event-is-notable-because-of-the-im.md) _Context: SpaceX, autonomous drone ship_
