### [2010-05-15](/news/2010/05/15/index.md)

# Following the phenomenal success of James Cameron's Avatar, a ceremony marking the start of the shoot of China's first IMAX3D film. 




### Source:

1. [Global Times](http://life.globaltimes.cn/entertainment/2010-05/531878.html)

### Related:

1. [James Cameron's film ''Avatar'' is expected to become the second-highest grossing movie of all time, just passing ''The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King''. ](/news/2010/01/7/james-cameron-s-film-avatar-is-expected-to-become-the-second-highest-grossing-movie-of-all-time-just-passing-the-lord-of-the-rings-t.md) _Context: Avatar, James Cameron_
2. [James Cameron's ''Avatar'' becomes the highest-grossing film of all time (not accounting inflation), surpassing his 1997 ''Titanic''. ](/news/2010/01/26/james-cameron-s-avatar-becomes-the-highest-grossing-film-of-all-time-not-accounting-inflation-surpassing-his-1997-titanic.md) _Context: Avatar, James Cameron_
3. [James Cameron's ''Avatar'' becomes (not accounting for inflation) the second highest grossing movie in the United States and Canada and the best selling movie overseas. ](/news/2010/01/24/james-cameron-s-avatar-becomes-not-accounting-for-inflation-the-second-highest-grossing-movie-in-the-united-states-and-canada-and-the.md) _Context: Avatar, James Cameron_
4. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/no-dispute-with-bhutan-in-doklam-china/articleshow/59456533.cms (The Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: China_
5. [A Chinese state company signs an order with Airbus for 100 A320 and 40 A350 airplanes. ](/news/2017/07/5/a-chinese-state-company-signs-an-order-with-airbus-for-100-a320-and-40-a350-airplanes.md) _Context: China_
6. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: China_
7. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: China_
8. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: China_
9. [ Amid a stand-off between India and China over the disputed territory of Doklam which is claimed by Bhutan, the Indian National Congress denies the meeting of Rahul Gandhi with the Chinese ambassador to India. ](/news/2017/07/10/amid-a-stand-off-between-india-and-china-over-the-disputed-territory-of-doklam-which-is-claimed-by-bhutan-the-indian-national-congress-den.md) _Context: China_
10. [Carrie Lam is sworn in as the first female Chief Executive of Hong Kong by President Xi Jinping amid protests against the 20th anniversary of the transfer of sovereignty to China. ](/news/2017/07/1/carrie-lam-is-sworn-in-as-the-first-female-chief-executive-of-hong-kong-by-president-xi-jinping-amid-protests-against-the-20th-anniversary-o.md) _Context: China_
