### [2014-12-14](/news/2014/12/14/index.md)

# A battle between Bashar al-Assad loyalist forces and Islamist rebels in Aleppo Governorate leave 34 rebels dead and 3 loyalist fighters captured. 




### Source:

1. [EFE via Fox News](http://latino.foxnews.com/latino/news/2014/12/14/34-islamist-rebels-die-in-combat-with-syrian-army-in-aleppo/)

### Related:

1. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights estimates that barrel bombs dropped by the Bashar al-Assad regime have killed at least 45 people in the Aleppo Governorate and injured dozens more. ](/news/2015/05/30/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-estimates-that-barrel-bombs-dropped-by-the-bashar-al-assad-regime-have-killed-at-least-45-people-in.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Bashar al-Assad_
2. [The Central Bank of Syria announces a new 2,000 Syrian lira (pound) bank note that will feature a portrait of President Bashar al-Assad, the President's first appearance on Syrian currency during his 17-years in office. ](/news/2017/07/2/the-central-bank-of-syria-announces-a-new-2-000-syrian-lira-pound-bank-note-that-will-feature-a-portrait-of-president-bashar-al-assad-the.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad_
3. [In the first declared visit to the town since the beginning of the war, President Bashar al-Assad attends the Eid al-Fitr prayer in Hama. ](/news/2017/06/25/in-the-first-declared-visit-to-the-town-since-the-beginning-of-the-war-president-bashar-al-assad-attends-the-eid-al-fitr-prayer-in-hama.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad_
4. [Israeli Minister of Construction Yoav Galant states that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should be assassinated. Yesterday, the United States Department of State accused the al-Assad government of using a crematory at Sednaya Prison to cover up the mass murders of thousands of political prisoners. The Syrian government denies the accusations. ](/news/2017/05/16/israeli-minister-of-construction-yoav-galant-states-that-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-should-be-assassinated-yesterday-the-united-stat.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad_
5. [The Syrian Army captures at least 23 villages in North East Aleppo Governorate from ISIL in a matter of hours after an ISIL withdrawal caused by the SAA capturing Al-Khafsah. ](/news/2017/03/7/the-syrian-army-captures-at-least-23-villages-in-north-east-aleppo-governorate-from-isil-in-a-matter-of-hours-after-an-isil-withdrawal-cause.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate_
6. [United States Secretary of State Rex Tillerson says he thinks the longer term status of president Bashar al-Assad is to be "decided by the Syrian people". This appears as a policy shift, since under president Barack Obama's administration, the United States made the departure of Assad a key policy aim. ](/news/2017/03/30/united-states-secretary-of-state-rex-tillerson-says-he-thinks-the-longer-term-status-of-president-bashar-al-assad-is-to-be-decided-by-the-s.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad_
7. [In response to several Israeli airstrikes against suspected Hezbollah-related targets inside Syria, Syrian president Bashar al-Assad has threatened wider war with the State of Israel, stating its intention to fire Scud missiles, and specifically target the Israeli city of Haifa. Israel responded by stating that any such actions by the Assad regime, or attacks on its aircraft, will cause Israel to "annihilate" Syrian air defense systems. ](/news/2017/03/25/in-response-to-several-israeli-airstrikes-against-suspected-hezbollah-related-targets-inside-syria-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-has-thr.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad_
8. [Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states-calli.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad_
9. [The Syrian Army recaptures the strategic town of Tadef from ISIL, south of al-Bab, securing key transportation routes in eastern Aleppo Governorate. ](/news/2017/02/26/the-syrian-army-recaptures-the-strategic-town-of-tadef-from-isil-south-of-al-bab-securing-key-transportation-routes-in-eastern-aleppo-gove.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate_
10. [The Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons says, for the first time, that they suspect Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and other senior officials of the Syrian government are responsible for the use of chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/01/13/the-organisation-for-the-prohibition-of-chemical-weapons-says-for-the-first-time-that-they-suspect-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-and-ot.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad_
