### [2014-12-14](/news/2014/12/14/index.md)

# At least 18 are held hostage in a chocolate shop in Sydney, Australia. Police stormed the cafe the following day.




### Related:

1. [A gunman, who killed one man, injured two others, and was holding three people hostage, is found dead when an armed tactical response police team storms a building in the Ingleburn industrial area in suburban Sydney, Australia. All hostages were unharmed. ](/news/2016/03/7/a-gunman-who-killed-one-man-injured-two-others-and-was-holding-three-people-hostage-is-found-dead-when-an-armed-tactical-response-police.md) _Context: Australia, Sydney_
2. [Australian police in Sydney arrest two men who, police say, were planning attacks on locations such as naval bases and police headquarters. New South Wales Deputy Police Commissioner Catherine Burn said Wednesday's activity brings the number of people arrested in connection with last year's Operation Appleby to 13. ](/news/2015/12/23/australian-police-in-sydney-arrest-two-men-who-police-say-were-planning-attacks-on-locations-such-as-naval-bases-and-police-headquarters.md) _Context: Australia, Sydney_
3. [ Five individuals - four men and a teenage boy - are arrested in connection with the gang-rape of a 16-year-old girl at a Sydney, Australia, house party. ](/news/2015/10/15/five-individuals-a-four-men-and-a-teenage-boy-a-are-arrested-in-connection-with-the-gang-rape-of-a-16-year-old-girl-at-a-sydney-austra.md) _Context: Australia, Sydney_
4. [The storm in Australia's New South Wales is declared a "catastrophe" with four deaths, heavy flooding and disruption of transport to the state's largest cities Sydney and Newcastle. ](/news/2015/04/22/the-storm-in-australia-s-new-south-wales-is-declared-a-catastrophe-with-four-deaths-heavy-flooding-and-disruption-of-transport-to-the-sta.md) _Context: Australia, Sydney_
5. [A coronial inquest into the siege at the Lindt Cafe in the center of Sydney begins. The inquest hears that one hostage was killed by gunman Man Haron Monis while another was killed by fragments of a bullet or bullets fired by New South Wales Police Force officers. ](/news/2015/01/29/a-coronial-inquest-into-the-siege-at-the-lindt-cafe-in-the-center-of-sydney-begins-the-inquest-hears-that-one-hostage-was-killed-by-gunman.md) _Context: 2014 Sydney hostage crisis, Sydney_
6. [A gunman, Man Haron Monis, takes 17 people hostage at Lindt Chocolate Cafe in Martin Place, Sydney. ](/news/2014/12/15/a-gunman-man-haron-monis-takes-17-people-hostage-at-lindt-chocolate-cafa-c-in-martin-place-sydney.md) _Context: 2014 Sydney hostage crisis, Sydney_
7. [Prince Harry arrives in Sydney, Australia, to celebrate 100 years of the Royal Australian Navy. ](/news/2013/10/5/prince-harry-arrives-in-sydney-australia-to-celebrate-100-years-of-the-royal-australian-navy.md) _Context: Australia, Sydney_
8. [2012 Sydney Islamic riots: Muslim protesters shouting anti-American slogans clash with police outside the US embassy in Sydney, Australia. ](/news/2012/09/15/2012-sydney-islamic-riots-muslim-protesters-shouting-anti-american-slogans-clash-with-police-outside-the-us-embassy-in-sydney-australia.md) _Context: Australia, Sydney_
9. [Thousands of people attend pro- and anti-carbon tax (part of a phase-in of an emissions trading program) rallies in Sydney, Australia. ](/news/2011/04/2/thousands-of-people-attend-pro-and-anti-carbon-tax-part-of-a-phase-in-of-an-emissions-trading-program-rallies-in-sydney-australia.md) _Context: Australia, Sydney_
10. [Royal Dutch Shell announces that it will close the Clyde oil refinery in Sydney, Australia, resulting in the loss of hundreds of jobs. ](/news/2011/04/13/royal-dutch-shell-announces-that-it-will-close-the-clyde-oil-refinery-in-sydney-australia-resulting-in-the-loss-of-hundreds-of-jobs.md) _Context: Australia, Sydney_
