### [2014-12-14](/news/2014/12/14/index.md)

# Japanese citizens vote in a general election. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's Liberal Democratic Party and its junior coalition partner win 325 seats out of 475 and thus a new term. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-30444230)

### Related:

1. [ Shinzo Abe is elected as party leader of the Liberal Democratic Party in Japan, replacing the current Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi. He will likely be elected as the new prime minister on 30 September 2006. ](/news/2006/09/20/shinzo-abe-is-elected-as-party-leader-of-the-liberal-democratic-party-in-japan-replacing-the-current-prime-minister-junichiro-koizumi-he.md) _Context: Liberal Democratic Party, Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
2. [ Japanese Cabinet Secretary Shinzo Abe announces that if elected president of the Liberal Democratic Party, and thus Prime Minister, he will propose an amendment to the pacifist Constitution of Japan allowing Japanese troops to be sent overseas. Abe currently leads in polls over candidates Taro Aso and Sadakazu Tanigaki by about 30%. ([http://mdn.mainichi-msn.co.jp/national/news/20060822p2a00m0na016000c.html Mainichi Daily News])](/news/2006/08/22/japanese-cabinet-secretary-shinzo-abe-announces-that-if-elected-president-of-the-liberal-democratic-party-and-thus-prime-minister-he-will.md) _Context: Liberal Democratic Party, Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
3. [ Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi announces his fifth cabinet. Shinzo Abe, former Secretary General of the Liberal Democratic Party, becomes Chief Cabinet Secretary and is widely speculated to be Koizumi's chosen successor. Former Interior Minister Taro Aso becomes Foreign Minister, and is replaced by former economic advisor Heizo Takenaka. ](/news/2005/10/31/japanese-prime-minister-junichiro-koizumi-announces-his-fifth-cabinet-shinzo-abe-former-secretary-general-of-the-liberal-democratic-party.md) _Context: Liberal Democratic Party, Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
4. [Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe plans on increasing the spending for the Japan Self-Defense Force. ](/news/2016/08/31/japanese-prime-minister-shinzo-abe-plans-on-increasing-the-spending-for-the-japan-self-defense-force.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
5. [Yuriko Koike, of the Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) but not their preferred candidate, is elected the Tokyo prefecture's first female governor, replacing Yoichi Masuzoe who resigned last month. The former Minister of Defense defeated the LDP-Komeito ruling coalition's Hiroya Masuda and the opposition bloc's Shuntaro Torigoe. Turnout is over 40 percent. ](/news/2016/07/31/yuriko-koike-of-the-liberal-democratic-party-ldp-but-not-their-preferred-candidate-is-elected-the-tokyo-prefecture-s-first-female-govern.md) _Context: Komeito, Liberal Democratic Party_
6. [Voters in Japan go to the polls with the ruling Liberal Democratic Party and its Komeito partners looking for a two-thirds majority that will allow them to put forward a referendum to change the constitution. The governing parties won 70 of the 121 seats. ](/news/2016/07/10/voters-in-japan-go-to-the-polls-with-the-ruling-liberal-democratic-party-and-its-komeito-partners-looking-for-a-two-thirds-majority-that-wil.md) _Context: Komeito, Liberal Democratic Party_
7. [Hokkaido 5th district by-election, 2016: LDP candidate Yoshiaki Wada staved off the competition from independent candidate Maki Ikeda. Despite the LDP's winning margin decreasing from 14% (in 2014) to 2%, this win is seen as a boost for Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in the upcoming upper house election.Kyoto 3rd district by-election, 2016: The newly formed Democratic Party wrested back the seat from the LDP after their candidate and former MP for the district Kenta Izumi won by a landslide.](/news/2016/04/24/hokkaido-5th-district-by-election-2016-ldp-candidate-yoshiaki-wada-staved-off-the-competition-from-independent-candidate-maki-ikeda-despi.md) _Context: 2014, Shinzo Abe_
8. [A day after Sunday's trilateral summit between China, Japan, and South Korea, South Korean President Park Geun-hye and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe are meeting in Seoul. The two countries haven't met in over three years. Expected topics include trade ties, North Korea's pursuit of nuclear bombs, and long-running disputes over Japanese wartime aggression and behavior. ](/news/2015/11/2/a-day-after-sunday-s-trilateral-summit-between-china-japan-and-south-korea-south-korean-president-park-geun-hye-and-japanese-prime-minist.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
9. [The Japanese economy goes into recession for the second time since the election of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. ](/news/2015/11/16/the-japanese-economy-goes-into-recession-for-the-second-time-since-the-election-of-prime-minister-shinzo-abe.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
10. [The United States Navy and the Japanese Maritime Self-Defense Force held a triennial fleet review off Tokyo Bay. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe became the first sitting Japanese leader to board a U.S. aircraft carrier when he visited the USS "Ronald Reagan". ](/news/2015/10/19/the-united-states-navy-and-the-japanese-maritime-self-defense-force-held-a-triennial-fleet-review-off-tokyo-bay-prime-minister-shinzo-abe-b.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
