### [2014-12-14](/news/2014/12/14/index.md)

# Turkish police arrest 24 journalists, all of whom are supporters of Fethullah Gulen who is a rival of current Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and is currently in self-imposed exile in the United States. 




### Source:

1. [Voice of America](http://www.voanews.com/content/reu-turkish-police-raid-media-close-to-cleric-rival-gulen-detain-twenty-three/2558278.html)

### Related:

1. [A Turkish court places the influential ''Zaman'' newspaper under state control. ''Zaman'' is closely linked to the Gulen movement of influential U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, a former ally of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. ](/news/2016/03/4/a-turkish-court-places-the-influential-zaman-newspaper-under-state-control-zaman-is-closely-linked-to-the-ga1-4len-movement-of-influe.md) _Context: Fethullah Gülen, President, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Turkish, U.S._
2. [Voters in Turkey go to the polls for a referendum that seeks to replace the country's parliamentary system with an executive presidency, thereby giving President Recep Tayyip Erdogan sweeping new powers. Erdogan's AK Party has claimed victory while the opposition CHP has said that it will challenge the result. ](/news/2017/04/16/voters-in-turkey-go-to-the-polls-for-a-referendum-that-seeks-to-replace-the-country-s-parliamentary-system-with-an-executive-presidency-the.md) _Context: President, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Turkish_
3. [Amnesty International releases a report criticizing the rise of populist leaders such as Donald Trump of the United States, Viktor Orban of Hungary, Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines and Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey. ](/news/2017/02/22/amnesty-international-releases-a-report-criticizing-the-rise-of-populist-leaders-such-as-donald-trump-of-the-united-states-viktor-orba-n-of.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Turkish, U.S._
4. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan threatens to open Turkey's borders to allow refugees and migrants to reach Europe after the European Parliament votes to temporarily freeze talks of Turkey's accession to the EU. ](/news/2016/11/25/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-threatens-to-open-turkey-s-borders-to-allow-refugees-and-migrants-to-reach-europe-after-the-european.md) _Context: President, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Turkish_
5. [President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's  order under the state of emergency declared Wednesday after the failed military coup calls for closure of thousands of private schools, charities, and other institutions suspected of having links to Fethullah Gulen. ](/news/2016/07/23/president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-s-order-under-the-state-of-emergency-declared-wednesday-after-the-failed-military-coup-calls-for-closure-of.md) _Context: Fethullah Gülen, President, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan_
6. [The United States Secretary of State John Kerry warns Turkey it could lose its NATO membership if it fails to uphold the principles of democracy. Around 8,000 police officers have been sacked in the country following the attempted coup, with more than 6,000 people in the army, the judiciary and other state bodies detained as part of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's crackdown. ](/news/2016/07/18/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-warns-turkey-it-could-lose-its-nato-membership-if-it-fails-to-uphold-the-principles-of-democ.md) _Context: President, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Turkish_
7. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan warns Germany against recognizing the Armenian Genocide. ](/news/2016/06/1/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-warns-germany-against-recognizing-the-armenian-genocide.md) _Context: President, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Turkish_
8. [Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu announces his resignation effective 22 May amid conflict with President Recep Tayyip Erdogan  over Turkey's increasingly authoritarian rule. Davutoglu said he would step down following an extraordinary meeting of AKP party leaders scheduled for May 22. ](/news/2016/05/5/turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-announces-his-resignation-effective-22-may-amid-conflict-with-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-over.md) _Context: President, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Turkish_
9. [Ebru Umar, a Dutch journalist of Turkish descent, is arrested in Kusadasi, Turkey, for tweets deemed critical of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. This comes as a political storm erupted this week over reports that the Turkish consulate asked Turkish organizations in the Netherlands to forward emails and social media posts which insult Erdogan or Turkey. ](/news/2016/04/24/ebru-umar-a-dutch-journalist-of-turkish-descent-is-arrested-in-kuaadasa-turkey-for-tweets-deemed-critical-of-president-recep-tayyip-er.md) _Context: President, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Turkish_
10. [The United States State Department and the Pentagon order families of U.S. diplomats and military personnel to leave posts in southern Turkey due to "increased threats from terrorist groups" in the country. This order comes two days before Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's arrival in the U.S. for security meetings. ](/news/2016/03/29/the-united-states-state-department-and-the-pentagon-order-families-of-u-s-diplomats-and-military-personnel-to-leave-posts-in-southern-turke.md) _Context: President, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Turkish_
