### [2002-06-11](/news/2002/06/11/index.md)

#  Technology - Microsoft's .Net service is being examined by the European Union for possible breaking of data privacy laws.




### Related:

1. [The European Commission fines Microsoft EUR561 million for failing to provide residents of the European Union with a selection of web browsers as an alternative to Internet Explorer. ](/news/2013/03/6/the-european-commission-fines-microsoft-a-561-million-for-failing-to-provide-residents-of-the-european-union-with-a-selection-of-web-browse.md) _Context: EU, Microsoft_
2. [ Microsoft loses its appeal against a European Union antitrust ruling forcing it to pay a 497 million euro fine. ](/news/2007/09/17/microsoft-loses-its-appeal-against-a-european-union-antitrust-ruling-forcing-it-to-pay-a-497-million-euro-fine.md) _Context: EU, Microsoft_
3. [ In Brussels, Microsoft claims a breakthrough, as an independent monitor of its hearings with European Union regulators in Brussels has outlined what it can do to avoid paying fines of 2 million euros a day. ](/news/2006/03/31/in-brussels-microsoft-claims-a-breakthrough-as-an-independent-monitor-of-its-hearings-with-european-union-regulators-in-brussels-has-outl.md) _Context: EU, Microsoft_
4. [ Computer and Communications Industry Association report, written by a handful of security experts, Microsoft's dominance in key technologies poses security risk and threatens the national infrastructure. Computer and Communications Industry Association states reliance on a single technology, such as the Windows operating system, threatens economic security and critical infrastructure. The paper warns that many security improvements planned by Microsoft are likely designed to deter customers from switching to another operating system.](/news/2003/09/24/computer-and-communications-industry-association-report-written-by-a-handful-of-security-experts-microsoft-s-dominance-in-key-technologie.md) _Context: Microsoft, technology_
5. [ Technology&nbsp;- A US federal judge decided that Microsoft is not required to reveal its lobbying contacts.](/news/2002/07/2/technology-nbsp-a-a-us-federal-judge-decided-that-microsoft-is-not-required-to-reveal-its-lobbying-contacts.md) _Context: Microsoft, technology_
6. [The European Court of Justice dismisses complaints by Slovakia and Hungary about EU migration policy, upholding Brussels' right to force member states to take in asylum seekers. ](/news/2017/09/6/the-european-court-of-justice-dismisses-complaints-by-slovakia-and-hungary-about-eu-migration-policy-upholding-brusselsa-right-to-force-m.md) _Context: EU_
7. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: Microsoft_
8. [The European Union's executive branch sends a formal notice to Poland expressing their concern that the new "discretionary" powers given to the country's justice minister threaten the independence of the courts in violation of EU laws. Poland has a month to respond. ](/news/2017/07/29/the-european-union-s-executive-branch-sends-a-formal-notice-to-poland-expressing-their-concern-that-the-new-discretionary-powers-given-to.md) _Context: EU_
9. [Amid a public backlash, Microsoft reneges on its decision to end its Paint program and states that it will be placed on its app store rather than bundled with future editions of Windows. ](/news/2017/07/25/amid-a-public-backlash-microsoft-reneges-on-its-decision-to-end-its-paint-program-and-states-that-it-will-be-placed-on-its-app-store-rather.md) _Context: Microsoft_
10. [Microsoft announces that Paint will cease to be updated after the Windows 10 Fall Creators Update because its functionality was "integrated into Paint 3D". Paint was first released 32 years ago. ](/news/2017/07/24/microsoft-announces-that-paint-will-cease-to-be-updated-after-the-windows-10-fall-creators-update-because-its-functionality-was-integrated.md) _Context: Microsoft_
