### [2005-07-28](/news/2005/07/28/index.md)

#  Poland recalls its ambassador to Belarus and demands that the European Union impose sanctions after Belarusian police storms the offices of the country's Polish minority 




### Source:

1. [EUobserver](http://euobserver.com/?sid=9&aid=19657)
2. [IHT](http://www.iht.com/articles/2005/07/28/news/poland.php)
3. [Reuters AlertNet](http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/L28516781.htm)

### Related:

1. [Belarus expels the ambassadors from the European Union and Poland and recalls its ambassadors in Brussels and Warsaw due to the imposition of sanctions. ](/news/2012/02/28/belarus-expels-the-ambassadors-from-the-european-union-and-poland-and-recalls-its-ambassadors-in-brussels-and-warsaw-due-to-the-imposition-o.md) _Context: Belarus, European Union, Polish, sanctions_
2. [Poland in the European Union. The European Union's executive branch sends a formal notice to Poland expressing their concern that the new "discretionary" powers given to the country's justice minister threaten the independence of the courts in violation of EU laws. Poland has a month to respond. ](/news/2017/07/29/poland-in-the-european-union-the-european-union-s-executive-branch-sends-a-formal-notice-to-poland-expressing-their-concern-that-the-new-d.md) _Context: European Union, Polish_
3. [Law of Poland. Poles march against a bill that critics say might decrease judicial independence in Poland. Hungary has supported the bill while the European Union has opposed it. The protesters hope that the President Andrzej Duda would intervene against the proposed law. ](/news/2017/07/22/law-of-poland-poles-march-against-a-bill-that-critics-say-might-decrease-judicial-independence-in-poland-hungary-has-supported-the-bill-wh.md) _Context: European Union, Polish_
4. [United States-European Union relations. The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/united-states-european-union-relations-the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-go.md) _Context: European Union, Polish_
5. [Authorities in Belarus detain prominent businessman Yury Chyzh, once a close adviser to Alexander Lukashenko and included in the EU's sanctions list, on suspicion of large-scale tax evasion. ](/news/2016/03/13/authorities-in-belarus-detain-prominent-businessman-yury-chyzh-once-a-close-adviser-to-alexander-lukashenko-and-included-in-the-eu-s-sancti.md) _Context: Belarus, European Union_
6. [Polish constitutional crisis, 2015. The leader of Poland's Democracy Defence Committee, Mateusz Kijowski, says the government has "broken the country" after Polish President, Andrzej Duda, enacted a measure curbing the powers of the country's highest legislative court, the Constitutional Tribunal, despite protests and warnings from the European Union. Kijowski further called for foreign intervention in the country from "Europe and the United States" to topple the Law and Justice (PiS) government, saying "they must help us, otherwise Poland will leave the community of democracies". After news broke that Duda had signed into law the constitutional tribunal bill, he made a speech on television defending his move. Polish newspaper Gazeta Wyborcza quoted U.S. sources saying Barack Obama had objections and had let it be known he would delay meeting Duda. The newspaper also suggested Poland-s hosting of the next NATO summit, planned for July 2016, was in the balance. ](/news/2015/12/28/polish-constitutional-crisis-2015-the-leader-of-poland-s-democracy-defence-committee-mateusz-kijowski-says-the-government-has-broken-th.md) _Context: European Union, Polish_
7. [European migrant crisis. Foreign ministers from Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia meet with officials from the European Union and Germany to discuss differences over migrant quotas. ](/news/2015/09/11/european-migrant-crisis-foreign-ministers-from-czech-republic-hungary-poland-and-slovakia-meet-with-officials-from-the-european-union-and.md) _Context: European Union, Polish_
8. [2013 North Korean nuclear test:. In reaction to North Korea's latest nuclear test the European Union will tighten sanctions against the country in the form of blocking the trade of gold and diamonds, as well as cracking down on financial ties between them. ](/news/2013/02/15/2013-north-korean-nuclear-test-in-reaction-to-north-korea-s-latest-nuclear-test-the-european-union-will-tighten-sanctions-against-the-coun.md) _Context: European Union, sanctions_
9. [Belarus releases a second opposition leader amid pressure from the European Union. ](/news/2012/04/15/belarus-releases-a-second-opposition-leader-amid-pressure-from-the-european-union.md) _Context: Belarus, European Union_
10. [The EU imposes further sanctions on Belarus, Iran, and Syria, expresses support for Libya's National Transitional Council, and reiterates call for Syria's President Bashar al-Assad to step down. ](/news/2011/10/11/the-eu-imposes-further-sanctions-on-belarus-iran-and-syria-expresses-support-for-libya-s-national-transitional-council-and-reiterates-ca.md) _Context: Belarus, European Union_
