### [2006-05-19](/news/2006/05/19/index.md)

#  A riot takes place at the United States prison camp at Guantnamo Bay in Cuba after several inmates attempted suicide. 

News and opinion from The Times &amp; The Sunday Times


### Source:

1. [Times](http://www.timesonline.co.uk/article/0,,11069-2188705,00.html)
2. [Toronto Star](http://www.thestar.com/NASApp/cs/ContentServer?pagename=thestar/Layout/Article_Type1&c=Article&cid=1148077815493&call_pageid=968332188854&col=968350060724)

### Related:

1. [ A report by the United States Federal Bureau of Investigation reveals that twenty-six of their employees witnessed abuse at the Guantnamo Bay detainment camp in Cuba. ](/news/2007/01/2/a-report-by-the-united-states-federal-bureau-of-investigation-reveals-that-twenty-six-of-their-employees-witnessed-abuse-at-the-guantanamo.md) _Context: Cuba, Guantnamo Bay detainment camp, United States_
2. [ The United Nations Committee Against Torture tells the United States it should close any secret prisons abroad and the Guantnamo Bay facility in Cuba, saying they violate international law. It also calls for the US not to use interrogation techniques that amount to torture and to stop the practice of "extraordinary renditions". ](/news/2006/05/19/the-united-nations-committee-against-torture-tells-the-united-states-it-should-close-any-secret-prisons-abroad-and-the-guantanamo-bay-facil.md) _Context: Cuba, Guantnamo Bay detainment camp, United States_
3. [ The United States releases a list of 759 former and current inmates of the Guantnamo Bay prison camp in Cuba after a Freedom of Information Act action was filed by the Associated Press. ](/news/2006/05/16/the-united-states-releases-a-list-of-759-former-and-current-inmates-of-the-guantanamo-bay-prison-camp-in-cuba-after-a-freedom-of-informatio.md) _Context: Cuba, Guantnamo Bay detainment camp, United States_
4. [ Guantnamo Bay Qur'an desecration allegations: United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice promises "prompt action" if investigations prove that the Quran was desecrated by U.S. soldiers in Guantnamo Bay, Cuba. The Saudi Arabian government voices its "deep indignation" and has demanded a quick investigation and punishment for the perpetrators if found to be true. Seven people have died in Afghanistan following Anti-American protests in the wake of the allegations. There have also been protests in Pakistan and Indonesia. ](/news/2005/05/13/guantanamo-bay-qur-an-desecration-allegations-united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-promises-prompt-action-if-investigations.md) _Context: Cuba, Guantnamo Bay detainment camp, United States_
5. [For the first time in 25 years, the United States abstains in a United Nations vote calling for an end to its Cuban economic embargo. ](/news/2016/10/26/for-the-first-time-in-25-years-the-united-states-abstains-in-a-united-nations-vote-calling-for-an-end-to-its-cuban-economic-embargo.md) _Context: Cuba, United States_
6. [The first commercial flight from the United States to Cuba since 1961 takes place as "JetBlue Flight 387" lands in Santa Clara, Villa Clara province, after a 51-minute flight from Fort Lauderdale, Florida. "JetBlue Flight 387" had 150 passengers, including United States Secretary of Transportation Anthony Foxx. ](/news/2016/08/31/the-first-commercial-flight-from-the-united-states-to-cuba-since-1961-takes-place-as-jetblue-flight-387-lands-in-santa-clara-villa-clara.md) _Context: Cuba, United States_
7. [Carnival Cruise Lines says it will postpone its first cruise in 50 years from the United States to Havana, if Cuba does not waive its rule and allow Cuban-Americans passengers. Current Cuban law does not allow those born on the island to return by sea. ](/news/2016/04/18/carnival-cruise-lines-says-it-will-postpone-its-first-cruise-in-50-years-from-the-united-states-to-havana-if-cuba-does-not-waive-its-rule-a.md) _Context: Cuba, United States_
8. [The United States and Cuba sign an agreement restoring commercial air traffic between the two countries for the first time in 50 years. The U.S. Department of Transportation immediately opened bidding for as many as 110 U.S.-Cuba flights per day to Havana and nine other destinations. Travel from the U.S. is permitted in 12 authorized categories, which does not include tourism. ](/news/2016/02/16/the-united-states-and-cuba-sign-an-agreement-restoring-commercial-air-traffic-between-the-two-countries-for-the-first-time-in-50-years-the.md) _Context: Cuba, United States_
9. [The United States and Cuba reach an understanding on restoring regularly scheduled commercial flights. Currently, the only option available is charter flights. ](/news/2015/12/16/the-united-states-and-cuba-reach-an-understanding-on-restoring-regularly-scheduled-commercial-flights-currently-the-only-option-available.md) _Context: Cuba, United States_
10. [U.S. and Cuban officials sign an environmental accord in Havana, the first such agreement since the countries renewed diplomatic relations this summer. ](/news/2015/11/18/u-s-and-cuban-officials-sign-an-environmental-accord-in-havana-the-first-such-agreement-since-the-countries-renewed-diplomatic-relations-t.md) _Context: Cuba, United States_
