### [2006-05-19](/news/2006/05/19/index.md)

#  The United Nations Committee Against Torture tells the United States it should close any secret prisons abroad and the Guantnamo Bay facility in Cuba, saying they violate international law. It also calls for the US not to use interrogation techniques that amount to torture and to stop the practice of "extraordinary renditions". 




### Source:

1. [Muslim News](http://www.muslimnews.co.uk/news/news.php?article=11083)
2. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.co.uk/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=worldNews&storyID=2006-05-19T093923Z_01_L18389434_RTRUKOC_0_UK-RIGHTS-USA-TORTURE.xml)

### Related:

1. [For the first time in 25 years, the United States abstains in a United Nations vote calling for an end to its Cuban economic embargo. ](/news/2016/10/26/for-the-first-time-in-25-years-the-united-states-abstains-in-a-united-nations-vote-calling-for-an-end-to-its-cuban-economic-embargo.md) _Context: Cuba, United Nations, United States_
2. [WikiLeaks:: The United Nations office for torture issues in Geneva investigates an abuse complaint concerning United States Army private Bradley Manning, suspected by the United States government of passing classified documents to the WikiLeaks website. ](/news/2010/12/22/wikileaks-the-united-nations-office-for-torture-issues-in-geneva-investigates-an-abuse-complaint-concerning-united-states-army-private-bra.md) _Context: United Nations, United States, torture_
3. [ Spain's Central Court of Instruction will investigate whether former United States Attorney General Alberto Gonzales and five other American officials violated international law by justifying torture. ](/news/2009/03/28/spain-s-central-court-of-instruction-will-investigate-whether-former-united-states-attorney-general-alberto-gonzales-and-five-other-america.md) _Context: United States, international law, torture_
4. [ A report by the United States Federal Bureau of Investigation reveals that twenty-six of their employees witnessed abuse at the Guantnamo Bay detainment camp in Cuba. ](/news/2007/01/2/a-report-by-the-united-states-federal-bureau-of-investigation-reveals-that-twenty-six-of-their-employees-witnessed-abuse-at-the-guantanamo.md) _Context: Cuba, Guantnamo Bay detainment camp, United States_
5. [ A judicial panel in Canada finds that Canadian citizen Maher Arar was falsely accused when he was secretly extradited by the United States to Syria, and that he was tortured there. ](/news/2006/09/19/a-judicial-panel-in-canada-finds-that-canadian-citizen-maher-arar-was-falsely-accused-when-he-was-secretly-extradited-by-the-united-states.md) _Context: United States, extraordinary rendition, torture_
6. [ A riot takes place at the United States prison camp at Guantnamo Bay in Cuba after several inmates attempted suicide. ](/news/2006/05/19/a-riot-takes-place-at-the-united-states-prison-camp-at-guantanamo-bay-in-cuba-after-several-inmates-attempted-suicide.md) _Context: Cuba, Guantnamo Bay detainment camp, United States_
7. [ The United States releases a list of 759 former and current inmates of the Guantnamo Bay prison camp in Cuba after a Freedom of Information Act action was filed by the Associated Press. ](/news/2006/05/16/the-united-states-releases-a-list-of-759-former-and-current-inmates-of-the-guantanamo-bay-prison-camp-in-cuba-after-a-freedom-of-informatio.md) _Context: Cuba, Guantnamo Bay detainment camp, United States_
8. [ Guantnamo Bay Qur'an desecration allegations: United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice promises "prompt action" if investigations prove that the Quran was desecrated by U.S. soldiers in Guantnamo Bay, Cuba. The Saudi Arabian government voices its "deep indignation" and has demanded a quick investigation and punishment for the perpetrators if found to be true. Seven people have died in Afghanistan following Anti-American protests in the wake of the allegations. There have also been protests in Pakistan and Indonesia. ](/news/2005/05/13/guantanamo-bay-qur-an-desecration-allegations-united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-promises-prompt-action-if-investigations.md) _Context: Cuba, Guantnamo Bay detainment camp, United States_
9. [Cuba-United States relations: United States-Cuban Thaw: The first commercial flight from the United States to Cuba since 1961 takes place as "JetBlue Flight 387" lands in Santa Clara, Villa Clara province, after a 51-minute flight from Fort Lauderdale, Florida. "JetBlue Flight 387" had 150 passengers, including United States Secretary of Transportation Anthony Foxx. ](/news/2016/08/31/cuba-united-states-relations-united-states-cuban-thaw-the-first-commercial-flight-from-the-united-states-to-cuba-since-1961-takes-plac.md) _Context: Cuba, United States_
10. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): The United States launches airstrikes on ISIL positions in the Libyan city of Sirte following a request from the UN-backed Government of National Accord. Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj, in a televised address, says the strikes have caused "heavy ISIL losses". ](/news/2016/08/1/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-united-states-launches-airstrikes-on-isil-positions-in-the-libyan-city-of-sirte-following-a-request-f.md) _Context: United Nations, United States_
