### [2006-05-19](/news/2006/05/19/index.md)

#  The case of Khaled el-Masri, who says he was abducted and tortured by the CIA because he was mistaken for another person, is dismissed by a district court in Alexandria, Virginia, as it would be a "grave risk" of damage to U.S. national security by exposing government secrets. The court rules that if the claims are true he "deserves a remedy" but this cannot be found in the court. 




### Source:

1. [Deutsche Welle](http://www.dw-world.de/dw/article/0,2144,2025913,00.html)
2. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2006/05/18/AR2006051802107.html)
2. [Cover Image](http://media3.washingtonpost.com/wp-srv/images/twp-50x50.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ CIA officials try to get the case of Khalid El-Masri, who says he was abducted and tortured, dismissed as it "could undermine U.S. relations with foreign countries". ](/news/2006/05/13/cia-officials-try-to-get-the-case-of-khalid-el-masri-who-says-he-was-abducted-and-tortured-dismissed-as-it-could-undermine-u-s-relation.md) _Context: CIA, extraordinary rendition, torture_
2. [ An Italian court convicts 22 CIA agents and 2 Italian agents over the kidnap of Muslim cleric Hassan Mustafa Osama Nasr in Milan in 2003, in the first court case challenging the CIA's "extraordinary rendition" programme. ](/news/2009/11/4/an-italian-court-convicts-22-cia-agents-and-2-italian-agents-over-the-kidnap-of-muslim-cleric-hassan-mustafa-osama-nasr-in-milan-in-2003-i.md) _Context: CIA, extraordinary rendition_
3. [ Germany has ordered the arrest of 13 suspected CIA agents over the alleged kidnapping of Khalid El-Masri. ](/news/2007/01/31/germany-has-ordered-the-arrest-of-13-suspected-cia-agents-over-the-alleged-kidnapping-of-khalid-el-masri.md) _Context: CIA, extraordinary rendition_
4. [ A judicial panel in Canada finds that Canadian citizen Maher Arar was falsely accused when he was secretly extradited by the United States to Syria, and that he was tortured there. ](/news/2006/09/19/a-judicial-panel-in-canada-finds-that-canadian-citizen-maher-arar-was-falsely-accused-when-he-was-secretly-extradited-by-the-united-states.md) _Context: extraordinary rendition, torture_
5. [ The United Nations Committee Against Torture tells the United States it should close any secret prisons abroad and the Guantnamo Bay facility in Cuba, saying they violate international law. It also calls for the US not to use interrogation techniques that amount to torture and to stop the practice of "extraordinary renditions". ](/news/2006/05/19/the-united-nations-committee-against-torture-tells-the-united-states-it-should-close-any-secret-prisons-abroad-and-the-guantanamo-bay-facil.md) _Context: extraordinary rendition, torture_
6. [ The European Parliament committee examining the claims of para-legal deportations of individuals for torture-based questioning, known as "extraordinary renditions", reports that it has CIA confirmation that between 30 and 50 individuals underwent such deportations to seven "black sites" in Asia, Europe and Africa. Those in Europe have reportedly been closed down following the public outcry, but there is still one such site operating in a North African country. ](/news/2006/05/18/the-european-parliament-committee-examining-the-claims-of-para-legal-deportations-of-individuals-for-torture-based-questioning-known-as-e.md) _Context: CIA, extraordinary rendition_
7. [ Amnesty International declares the Bush administration to be "guilty of setting conditions for torture and cruel treatment by lowering safeguards and failing to respond adequately to allegations of abuse", amid other criticisms of the "war on terror", which the report says is "violating basic rights in the name of national security" and urged the President and challenger John Kerry to support an independent inquiry into detention and interrogation policies. ](/news/2004/10/27/amnesty-international-declares-the-bush-administration-to-be-guilty-of-setting-conditions-for-torture-and-cruel-treatment-by-lowering-safe.md) _Context: national security, torture_
8. [ A March 2003 memorandum by US administration lawyers is released, which concludes that President George W. Bush was not bound by international treaty or by federal law against torture because the commander-in-chief had the authority to protect national security. ](/news/2004/06/8/a-march-2003-memorandum-by-us-administration-lawyers-is-released-which-concludes-that-president-george-w-bush-was-not-bound-by-internatio.md) _Context: national security, torture_
9. [The U.S. Attorney's Office in Alexandria, Virginia, through U.S. Attorney Dana Boente, issues subpoenas to former National Security Advisor Michael T. Flynn to assess the extent of his ties to Russia. ](/news/2017/05/10/the-u-s-attorney-s-office-in-alexandria-virginia-through-u-s-attorney-dana-boente-issues-subpoenas-to-former-national-security-advisor.md) _Context: Alexandria, Virginia_
10. [The CIA has concluded that Russia actively tried to help Donald Trump win the 2016 U.S. presidential election. ](/news/2016/12/9/the-cia-has-concluded-that-russia-actively-tried-to-help-donald-trump-win-the-2016-u-s-presidential-election.md) _Context: CIA_
