### [2009-02-9](/news/2009/02/9/index.md)

#  Major League Baseball player Alex Rodriguez admits using performance-enhancing drugs between 2001 and 2003. 

Alex Rodriguez met head-on allegations that he tested positive for steroids six years ago, telling ESPN on Monday that he did take performance-enhancing drugs while playing for the Texas Rangers during a three-year period beginning in 2001.


### Source:

1. [ESPN](http://sports.espn.go.com/mlb/news/story?id=3894847)

### Related:

1. [The ''Miami New Times'' reports that Biogenesis, a Miami anti-aging clinic that closed in December 2012, sold a wide array of performance-enhancing drugs to several prominent Major League Baseball players, among them Alex Rodriguez, Melky Cabrera, Nelson Cruz, and Gio Gonzalez. ](/news/2013/01/29/the-miami-new-times-reports-that-biogenesis-a-miami-anti-aging-clinic-that-closed-in-december-2012-sold-a-wide-array-of-performance-en.md) _Context: Alex Rodriguez, Major League Baseball, performance-enhancing drugs_
2. [In baseball, Alex Rodriguez of the New York Yankees sets a new record in Major League Baseball for grand slam home runs with 24. ](/news/2013/09/20/in-baseball-alex-rodriguez-of-the-new-york-yankees-sets-a-new-record-in-major-league-baseball-for-grand-slam-home-runs-with-24.md) _Context: Alex Rodriguez, Major League Baseball_
3. [In a widening doping scandal, an ESPN report links five additional Major League Baseball players to the purchase of performance-enhancing drugs from the Biogenesis anti-aging clinic in Miami. The report indicates that Gio Gonzalez, previously linked to PED purchases from Biogenesis, did not receive any banned substances from the clinic. ](/news/2013/02/19/in-a-widening-doping-scandal-an-espn-report-links-five-additional-major-league-baseball-players-to-the-purchase-of-performance-enhancing-dr.md) _Context: Major League Baseball, performance-enhancing drugs_
4. [Alex Rodriguez of the New York Yankees becomes the seventh player in the history of Major League Baseball to hit 600 home runs. ](/news/2010/08/4/alex-rodriguez-of-the-new-york-yankees-becomes-the-seventh-player-in-the-history-of-major-league-baseball-to-hit-600-home-runs.md) _Context: Alex Rodriguez, Major League Baseball_
5. [ Major League Baseball player Alex Rodriguez allegedly tested positive for two anabolic steroids in 2003.  ](/news/2009/02/7/major-league-baseball-player-alex-rodriguez-allegedly-tested-positive-for-two-anabolic-steroids-in-2003.md) _Context: Alex Rodriguez, Major League Baseball_
6. [ San Francisco Giants outfielder Barry Bonds ties Hank Aaron for most career home runs with 755, while Alex Rodriguez becomes the youngest player to hit 500 home runs in Major League Baseball. ](/news/2007/08/4/san-francisco-giants-outfielder-barry-bonds-ties-hank-aaron-for-most-career-home-runs-with-755-while-alex-rodriguez-becomes-the-youngest-p.md) _Context: Alex Rodriguez, Major League Baseball_
7. [ In American Major League Baseball, the Chicago Cubs defeat the Cleveland Indians 8-7 in 10 innings, winning the Series 4-3 and claiming their first MLB title since 1908. The Cubs' Ben Zobrist is named series MVP. Cubs win game 7 and the title in the early hours of November 3rd, 2016. ](/news/2016/11/2/in-american-major-league-baseball-the-chicago-cubs-defeat-the-cleveland-indians-8a7-in-10-innings-winning-the-series-4a3-and-claiming.md) _Context: Major League Baseball_
8. [ In baseball, the Miami Marlins' Ichiro Suzuki becomes the 30th Major League Baseball player with 3,000 career hits, reaching the milestone with a seventh-inning triple against the Colorado Rockies. ](/news/2016/08/7/in-baseball-the-miami-marlins-ichiro-suzuki-becomes-the-30th-major-league-baseball-player-with-3-000-career-hits-reaching-the-milestone.md) _Context: Major League Baseball_
9. [In baseball, Ichiro Suzuki reaches a combined total of career hits of 4,257 spanning Major League Baseball and Nippon Professional Baseball. It passes Pete Rose's career total encompassing Major League Baseball only of 4,256 but the MLB is considered to be a higher quality competition. ](/news/2016/06/15/in-baseball-ichiro-suzuki-reaches-a-combined-total-of-career-hits-of-4-257-spanning-major-league-baseball-and-nippon-professional-baseball.md) _Context: Major League Baseball_
10. [Major League Baseball Commissioner Rob Manfred says the decision whether the Miami Marlins and Pittsburgh Pirates two-game series scheduled for later this month will be moved from Puerto Rico  because of concerns about the Zika virus, will be announced Monday "at the latest." ](/news/2016/05/5/major-league-baseball-commissioner-rob-manfred-says-the-decision-whether-the-miami-marlins-and-pittsburgh-pirates-two-game-series-scheduled.md) _Context: Major League Baseball_
