### [2003-01-30](/news/2003/01/30/index.md)

#  Would-be shoe-bomber Richard Reid is sentenced to life in prison for trying to down American Airlines Flight 63 from Paris to Miami. Reid had previously pleaded guilty.




### Related:

1. [American Airlines halts flights for 90 minutes at its major hubs in Chicago, Dallas, and Miami because of a computer glitch. The incident produces a cascading effect of delays throughout all US airlines. ](/news/2015/09/17/american-airlines-halts-flights-for-90-minutes-at-its-major-hubs-in-chicago-dallas-and-miami-because-of-a-computer-glitch-the-incident-pr.md) _Context: American Airlines, Miami_
2. [Several streets in Miami and Miami Beach are underwater after Tropical Depression Emily causes 102 to 178 millimetres of rain overnight. ](/news/2017/08/2/several-streets-in-miami-and-miami-beach-are-underwater-after-tropical-depression-emily-causes-102-to-178-millimetres-of-rain-overnight.md) _Context: Miami_
3. [Former president of Panama Ricardo Martinelli is denied bond by United States magistrate judge Edwin Torres. He is accused of charges that include illegally monitoring phone and other conversations of at least 150 people. Martinelli was arrested in Miami last month on an extradition warrant from Panama. ](/news/2017/07/7/former-president-of-panama-ricardo-martinelli-is-denied-bond-by-united-states-magistrate-judge-edwin-torres-he-is-accused-of-charges-that-i.md) _Context: Miami_
4. [American Airlines announces it is investigating a viral video of an incident on a San Francisco to Dallas flight which shows a male flight attendant upsetting a female passenger, who he had allegedly forcefully taken a baby buggy from, and threatening to fight a male passenger. The American Airlines employee has been suspended. ](/news/2017/04/22/american-airlines-announces-it-is-investigating-a-viral-video-of-an-incident-on-a-san-francisco-to-dallas-flight-which-shows-a-male-flight-a.md) _Context: American Airlines_
5. [ The U.S. Justice Department (DOJ) issues final approval for Alaska Airlines to acquire Virgin America, in a US$2.6 billion dollar merger. In exchange for approval, the DOJ requires Alaska Airlines to reduce its partnership with American Airlines. ](/news/2016/12/6/the-u-s-justice-department-doj-issues-final-approval-for-alaska-airlines-to-acquire-virgin-america-in-a-us-2-6-billion-dollar-merger-i.md) _Context: American Airlines_
6. [An American Airlines Boeing 767 catches fire after an aborted takeoff at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport. Seven passengers and one flight attendant were injured, and taken to area hospitals. ](/news/2016/10/28/an-american-airlines-boeing-767-catches-fire-after-an-aborted-takeoff-at-chicago-s-o-hare-international-airport-seven-passengers-and-one-fl.md) _Context: American Airlines_
7. [The first infection outside Miami in Florida is discovered in Pinellas County. ](/news/2016/08/23/the-first-infection-outside-miami-in-florida-is-discovered-in-pinellas-county.md) _Context: Miami_
8. [The United States tentatively approves eight, of 12 that applied, airlines for flights from 10 U.S. cities to Havana as early as this fall: Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Delta Air Lines, Frontier Airlines, JetBlue Airways, Southwest Airlines, Spirit Airlines, and United Airlines. Last month, flights were approved from five U.S. cities to nine other international airports. ](/news/2016/07/7/the-united-states-tentatively-approves-eight-of-12-that-applied-airlines-for-flights-from-10-u-s-cities-to-havana-as-early-as-this-fall.md) _Context: American Airlines_
9. [The U.S. Department of Commerce approves service by six commercial airlines from five U.S. cities, including Miami and Philadelphia, to nine international airports in Cuba. Approval for routes to the capital Havana are still pending. Most of the carriers plan to begin their new service this fall and winter. ](/news/2016/06/10/the-u-s-department-of-commerce-approves-service-by-six-commercial-airlines-from-five-u-s-cities-including-miami-and-philadelphia-to-nine.md) _Context: Miami_
10. [The first cruise ship in more than a half-century bound for Havana from the United States leaves Miami, Florida, at about 4:24 p.m. EDT. Carnival Cruise Line's 704-passenger Adonia was able to set sail for the northern Caribbean country after Cuba, April 22, loosened its policy banning Cuban-born people from traveling to the country by sea. ](/news/2016/05/1/the-first-cruise-ship-in-more-than-a-half-century-bound-for-havana-from-the-united-states-leaves-miami-florida-at-about-4-24-p-m-edt-car.md) _Context: Miami_
