### [2011-09-1](/news/2011/09/1/index.md)

# Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal declares a state of emergency after Tropical Storm Lee forms in the northern Gulf of Mexico. 

Oil companies evacuated workers from offshore wells, New Orleans prepared for possible flooding and Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal declared a state of emergency as a tropical depression formed Thursday in the Gulf of Mexico.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2011/US/09/01/tropical.weather.gulf/)

### Related:

1. [United States presidential election, 2016: The Governor of Louisiana Bobby Jindal ends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination. ](/news/2015/11/17/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-governor-of-louisiana-bobby-jindal-ends-his-campaign-for-the-republican-party-nomination.md) _Context: Bobby Jindal, Governor of Louisiana_
2. [United States presidential election, 2016: Bobby Jindal, the Governor of Louisiana, announces that he will be a candidate for the Republican Party nomination in the 2016 Presidential election.](/news/2015/06/24/united-states-presidential-election-2016-bobby-jindal-the-governor-of-louisiana-announces-that-he-will-be-a-candidate-for-the-republican.md) _Context: Bobby Jindal, Governor of Louisiana_
3. [Voters in the US state of Louisiana go to the polls for a gubernatorial election with incumbent Governor Bobby Jindal expected to be elected in the first round. ](/news/2011/10/22/voters-in-the-us-state-of-louisiana-go-to-the-polls-for-a-gubernatorial-election-with-incumbent-governor-bobby-jindal-expected-to-be-elected.md) _Context: Bobby Jindal, Governor of Louisiana_
4. [Tropical storm Arlene, the first of the 2011 Atlantic hurricane season, forms in the southwestern Gulf of Mexico. ](/news/2011/06/28/tropical-storm-arlene-the-first-of-the-2011-atlantic-hurricane-season-forms-in-the-southwestern-gulf-of-mexico.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico, Hurricane Rina_
5. [ Bobby Jindal is sworn in as the 56th Governor of Louisiana. He is the first Indian American governor in U.S. history. ](/news/2008/01/14/bobby-jindal-is-sworn-in-as-the-56th-governor-of-louisiana-he-is-the-first-indian-american-governor-in-u-s-history.md) _Context: Bobby Jindal, Governor of Louisiana_
6. [ Bobby Jindal of the Republican Party is elected as the next Governor of Louisiana and becomes the first Indian American governor in the history of the United States. With 53% of the vote, he defeats five Democrats, a Libertarian and five independents without requiring a runoff. ](/news/2007/10/20/bobby-jindal-of-the-republican-party-is-elected-as-the-next-governor-of-louisiana-and-becomes-the-first-indian-american-governor-in-the-his.md) _Context: Bobby Jindal, Governor of Louisiana_
7. [2017 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Franklin, the Atlantic Ocean's first hurricane of the season, is set to hit Mexico's Gulf state of Veracruz tonight or tomorrow morning. The category 1 storm is expected to lose strength as it moves inland through the oil-producing state. ](/news/2017/08/9/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-franklin-the-atlantic-ocean-s-first-hurricane-of-the-season-is-set-to-hit-mexico-s-gulf-state-of.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
8. [2017 Atlantic hurricane season: In anticipation of Hurricane Harvey, residents from Corpus Christi to Galveston, Texas, and workers from Gulf of Mexico oil platforms are evacuating the region. The storm, now a Category 4 hurricane, will make landfall near Corpus Christi, Texas, around 10 p.m. EDT as the strongest storm to hit the United States mainland since 2005. The National Hurricane Center predicts Harvey will linger over Texas for days, dumping 15|-|25|in|cm, and as much 35|in|cm of rain on some parts of the state. ](/news/2017/08/25/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-in-anticipation-of-hurricane-harvey-residents-from-corpus-christi-to-galveston-texas-and-workers-from-gul.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
9. [2015-16 Zika virus epidemic: The federal government of Brazil informs the World Health Organization that it is ending its state of emergency concerning the Zika virus, following a 95.3% reduction in cases in early 2017 compared to early 2016. ](/news/2017/05/11/2015-16-zika-virus-epidemic-the-federal-government-of-brazil-informs-the-world-health-organization-that-it-is-ending-its-state-of-emergen.md) _Context: state of emergency_
10. [Tornadoes of 2017: Robert Bentley, the Governor of Alabama, declares a state of emergency due to forecasts of storms with the threat of tornadoes during the day. The neighboring state of Georgia also faces the threat of severe weather. ](/news/2017/04/4/tornadoes-of-2017-robert-bentley-the-governor-of-alabama-declares-a-state-of-emergency-due-to-forecasts-of-storms-with-the-threat-of-torn.md) _Context: state of emergency_
