### [2005-02-9](/news/2005/02/9/index.md)

#  Carly Fiorina, widely considered one of the most powerful women in American business, resigns her post as CEO of Hewlett-Packard, having been asked to do so by the company's board of directors after she failed to cut costs and increase revenue as quickly as the board had hoped. She had served as CEO of the company since 1999 and Chairman of the Board since 2000. 

Find the latest business news on Wall Street, jobs and the economy, the housing market, personal finance and money investments and much more on ABC News


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory?id=484825)

### Related:

1. [2016 United States Presidential election. Former Hewlett-Packard Chief Executive Officer Carly Fiorina announces that she will be seeking the Republican Party nomination for the 2016 presidential election. ](/news/2015/05/4/2016-united-states-presidential-election-former-hewlett-packard-chief-executive-officer-carly-fiorina-announces-that-she-will-be-seeking-th.md) _Context: Carly Fiorina, Hewlett-Packard, chief executive officer_
2. [Mark Hurd resigns as chief executive officer of computer company Hewlett-Packard following investigation of a sexual harassment claim. ](/news/2010/08/6/mark-hurd-resigns-as-chief-executive-officer-of-computer-company-hewlett-packard-following-investigation-of-a-sexual-harassment-claim.md) _Context: Hewlett-Packard, chief executive officer_
3. [ Boeing Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Phil Condit resigns, a week after the aviation giant fires its Chief Financial Officer in an ethics scandal. The move comes as the company faces scrutiny by the Defense Department for a government plan to acquire Boeing 767 planes for use as refueling tankers and answers questions about the ousters of two executives for ethical misconduct during the period it was being negotiated. Former McDonnell Douglas CEO Harry Stonecipher will succeed Condit as CEO, while former Hewlett-Packard chairman and CEO Lewis Platt takes over as chairman. [http://www.reuters.co.uk/newsPackageArticle.jhtml?type=businessNews&storyID=412789&section=finance]](/news/2003/12/1/boeing-chairman-and-chief-executive-officer-phil-condit-resigns-a-week-after-the-aviation-giant-fires-its-chief-financial-officer-in-an-et.md) _Context: Hewlett-Packard, chief executive officer_
4. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea-United States relations. North Korea threatens a genocide against the United States of America. ](/news/2016/04/4/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-united-states-relations-north-korea-threatens-a-genocide-against-the-united-stat.md) _Context: United States of America_
5. [United States presidential election, 2016. Ted Cruz presidential campaign, 2016. Texas Senator Ted Cruz names former Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina as his vice-presidential running mate. ](/news/2016/04/27/united-states-presidential-election-2016-ted-cruz-presidential-campaign-2016-texas-senator-ted-cruz-names-former-republican-presidential.md) _Context: Carly Fiorina_
6. [Transgender rights in the United States. Dozens of chief executive officers of major U.S. technology, biotech, and financial companies urge North Carolina to repeal a new state law forcing transgender people to use rest-rooms and changing-rooms according to the gender on their birth-certificate.](/news/2016/03/29/transgender-rights-in-the-united-states-dozens-of-chief-executive-officers-of-major-u-s-technology-biotech-and-financial-companies-urge.md) _Context: chief executive officer_
7. [Upper Big Branch Mine disaster. A court convicts Donald Blankenship, former CEO of Massey Energy Company, of violating safety standards that led to the deaths of 29 Upper Big Branch mine workers in Montcoal, West Virginia in 2010. He is acquitted of making false statements and deceiving regulators. Blankenship, who faces up to one year in prison and a fine of $250,000, is the most prominent American coal executive ever to be convicted of a charge connected to the deaths of miners. ](/news/2015/12/3/upper-big-branch-mine-disaster-a-court-convicts-donald-blankenship-former-ceo-of-massey-energy-company-of-violating-safety-standards-that.md) _Context: chief executive officer_
8. [Hewlett-Packard, which has struggled for years in a declining PC market, will cut up to 33,300 jobs over the next three years, mostly in its enterprise business. ](/news/2015/09/16/hewlett-packard-which-has-struggled-for-years-in-a-declining-pc-market-will-cut-up-to-33-300-jobs-over-the-next-three-years-mostly-in-its.md) _Context: Hewlett-Packard_
9. [Republican Party presidential debates, 2016. CNN announces the September 16, prime time presidential debate panel. Carly Fiorina, who had sufficient poll support following the first debate, will join the top 10 leaders, such as Donald Trump, Jeb Bush, Scott Walker, and Ben Carson. The remaining four candidates, Rick Santorum, Bobby Jindal, George Pataki and Lindsey Graham, will appear earlier that evening. Because he did not get sufficient poll numbers, Jim Gilmore is now excluded. ](/news/2015/09/11/republican-party-presidential-debates-2016-cnn-announces-the-september-16-prime-time-presidential-debate-panel-carly-fiorina-who-had-su.md) _Context: Carly Fiorina_
10. [Hewlett-Packard announces that it will buy Aruba Networks, a California-based manufacturer of wi-fi equipment, for approximately $2.7 billion in combined cash and equity. ](/news/2015/03/2/hewlett-packard-announces-that-it-will-buy-aruba-networks-a-california-based-manufacturer-of-wi-fi-equipment-for-approximately-2-7-billio.md) _Context: Hewlett-Packard_
