### [2006-09-12](/news/2006/09/12/index.md)

#  Belgian False Flag Terror arrests: A court in Belgium prolongs the custody of 12 suspects in the case against a neo-Nazi group inside the Belgian Army, named Bloed-Bodem-Eer en Trouw (BBET). They are accused of terrorism, weapons traffic, racism and negationism. (Wikinews)




### Related:

1. [Nine people go on trial charged with terrorism and links to al-Qaeda in Belgium. ](/news/2010/03/8/nine-people-go-on-trial-charged-with-terrorism-and-links-to-al-qaeda-in-belgium.md) _Context: Belgium, terrorism_
2. ['''Belgian False Flag Terror arrests:''' Police in Belgium make arrests at army barracks and soldiers' homes as part of an investigation into suspected far-right terrorists (Bloed-Bodem-Eer en Trouw) operating inside the military. The soldiers were reportedly planning attacks aimed at destabilizing the country. ](/news/2006/09/7/belgian-false-flag-terror-arrests-police-in-belgium-make-arrests-at-army-barracks-and-soldiers-homes-as-part-of-an-investigation-int.md) _Context: Belgium, Bloed, Bodem, Eer en Trouw_
3. [Internet companies, such as domain registrar GoDaddy and video game chat application Discord, shut down services for neo-Nazi, white supremacist, alt-right website The Daily Stormer for violation of terms of service, and  in response to this weekend's violence in Charlottesville, Va. ](/news/2017/08/14/internet-companies-such-as-domain-registrar-godaddy-and-video-game-chat-application-discord-shut-down-services-for-neo-nazi-white-suprema.md) _Context: neo-Nazi_
4. [A fire forces the evacuation of more than 22,000 concertgoers at the Tomorrowland music festival at the Parc de Can Zam in Barcelona, Spain. There were no serious injuries. This is the first time the festival has been held in Spain; Belgium had been the home since 2005. ](/news/2017/07/29/a-fire-forces-the-evacuation-of-more-than-22-000-concertgoers-at-the-tomorrowland-music-festival-at-the-parc-de-can-zam-in-barcelona-spain.md) _Context: Belgium_
5. [A Belgian court condemns a United Arab Emirates princess and her seven daughters to a fine and a suspended sentence, for human trafficking and mistreatment of their servants at a Brussels luxury hotel in 2008. ](/news/2017/06/23/a-belgian-court-condemns-a-united-arab-emirates-princess-and-her-seven-daughters-to-a-fine-and-a-suspended-sentence-for-human-trafficking-a.md) _Context: Belgium_
6. [Workers' Party of Belgium representative Raoul Hedebouw gets stabbed in the thigh, moments before holding a speech in Liege, Belgium. The presumed assailant is arrested.  ](/news/2017/05/1/workers-party-of-belgium-representative-raoul-hedebouw-gets-stabbed-in-the-thigh-moments-before-holding-a-speech-in-lia-ge-belgium-the-p.md) _Context: Belgium_
7. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: terrorism_
8. [  A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-two-other-passengers-are-injured-a-p.md) _Context: terrorism_
9. [The Democratic Republic of the Congo suspends its military cooperation with Belgium. ](/news/2017/04/13/the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-suspends-its-military-cooperation-with-belgium.md) _Context: Belgium_
10. [A power outage plunges the Belgian capital of Brussels into darkness. ](/news/2017/02/9/a-power-outage-plunges-the-belgian-capital-of-brussels-into-darkness.md) _Context: Belgium_
