### [2002-10-22](/news/2002/10/22/index.md)

#  The German Bundestag made Gerhard Schrder again Chancellor. He was elected with 305 votes, one vote out of the 306 red-green coalition missing. After that, the new ministers of the Bundesregierung were appointed.




### Related:

1. [ A new Bundestag (German parliament) is chosen. In a very tight election, Gerhard Schrder defeats Edmund Stoiber to remain Chancellor. The German Green Party does very well. The coalition between the SPD and the German Green Party continue with Joschka Fischer as vice chancellor.: Politics of Germany, Bundestag, List of political parties in Germany (SPD, CDU/CSU, Greens, FDP, PDS): People: Guido Westerwelle (Chancellor-Candidate of the FDP)](/news/2002/09/22/a-new-bundestag-german-parliament-is-chosen-in-a-very-tight-election-gerhard-schroder-defeats-edmund-stoiber-to-remain-chancellor-the.md) _Context: Bundestag, Chancellor, Gerhard Schrder_
2. [ After two months of negotiations, Angela Merkel is elected the first female Chancellor of Germany by a coalition of the CDU/CSU and SPD delegates in the Bundestag. ](/news/2005/11/22/after-two-months-of-negotiations-angela-merkel-is-elected-the-first-female-chancellor-of-germany-by-a-coalition-of-the-cdu-csu-and-spd-del.md) _Context: Bundestag, Chancellor_
3. [ In Germany, the Bundestag passes a Motion of no confidence in the government of Chancellor Gerhard Schrder by 296 to 151. The vote, at Schrder's insistence, opens the way for new elections to be held on September 18. (Wikinews) ](/news/2005/07/1/in-germany-the-bundestag-passes-a-motion-of-no-confidence-in-the-government-of-chancellor-gerhard-schroder-by-296-to-151-the-vote-at-sch.md) _Context: Bundestag, Gerhard Schrder_
4. [ More than 50 heads of state, including Vladimir Putin, George W. Bush and German chancellor Gerhard Schrder, are among the guests attending the official celebrations commemorating the end of World War II in Moscow, Russia. It is the first time a German chancellor has attended a world-wide commemoration for the victims of the Third Reich. (Wikinews) ](/news/2005/05/9/more-than-50-heads-of-state-including-vladimir-putin-george-w-bush-and-german-chancellor-gerhard-schroder-are-among-the-guests-attendin.md) _Context: Chancellor, Gerhard Schrder_
5. [ German Chancellor Gerhard Schrder has declared that he will seek the next German federal election to be held this autumn, a year earlier than set out by the constitution, after the CDU and FDP defeated the Social Democrats (SPD), who were in coalition with the Greens, at the regional election in North Rhine-Westphalia. ](/news/2005/05/22/german-chancellor-gerhard-schroder-has-declared-that-he-will-seek-the-next-german-federal-election-to-be-held-this-autumn-a-year-earlier-t.md) _Context: Chancellor, Gerhard Schrder_
6. [Recognition of same-sex unions in Germany: The Bundestag votes to introduce same-sex marriage in Germany. With 393 votes in favor and 226 against, including Chancellor Angela Merkel, the law is expected to enter into force before the end of the year. ](/news/2017/06/30/recognition-of-same-sex-unions-in-germany-the-bundestag-votes-to-introduce-same-sex-marriage-in-germany-with-393-votes-in-favor-and-226-ag.md) _Context: Bundestag_
7. [The Bundestag approves a ban on burqas being worn by members of the German civil service. ](/news/2017/04/27/the-bundestag-approves-a-ban-on-burqas-being-worn-by-members-of-the-german-civil-service.md) _Context: Bundestag_
8. [Armenian Genocide recognition: The German Bundestag passes a resolution classifying the Ottoman Empire's killing of Armenians in 1915 as genocide, provoking a furious reaction in Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/2/armenian-genocide-recognition-the-german-bundestag-passes-a-resolution-classifying-the-ottoman-empire-s-killing-of-armenians-in-1915-as-gen.md) _Context: Bundestag_
9. [Germany-Turkey relations: Eleven Turkish-German members of Germany's Parliament, the Bundestag, who voted in support of declaring the Ottoman Turks slaughter of Armenians in 1915 a genocide, are under police protection. The legislators have faced heavy criticism from Turkish officials, as well as from Turkish Germans. ](/news/2016/06/13/germany-turkey-relations-eleven-turkish-german-members-of-germany-s-parliament-the-bundestag-who-voted-in-support-of-declaring-the-otto.md) _Context: Bundestag_
10. [Military intervention against ISIL: In an act of solidarity with France following the Paris massacre, Germany's parliament (the Bundestag) approves measures to move past the military's primary defensive role, to send six of its 29 operational, yet aged, Tornado reconnaissance aircraft, and as many as 1,200 soldiers to support the coalition missions against Islamic State militants in Syria. The airplanes will be limited to support activities; they will not fly combat missions. ](/news/2015/12/4/military-intervention-against-isil-in-an-act-of-solidarity-with-france-following-the-paris-massacre-germany-s-parliament-the-bundestag-a.md) _Context: Bundestag_
