### [2002-04-11](/news/2002/04/11/index.md)

# A truck full of explosives was detonated close to the El Ghriba synagogue in Djerba, Tunisia killing 21 people, of whom 14 were German tourists, 2 French nationals and 5 Tunisians. Al Qaeda claimed responsibility for the Ghriba synagogue bombing.




### Related:

1. [German officials offer a reward of up to 100,000 euros ($104,000) for 24-year-old Tunisian asylum-seeker Anis Amri, whose identifying information was found in the truck used in the attack. ](/news/2016/12/21/german-officials-offer-a-reward-of-up-to-100-000-euros-104-000-for-24-year-old-tunisian-asylum-seeker-anis-amri-whose-identifying-inform.md) _Context: Germany, Tunisia_
2. [Germany is considering sending troops to Tunisia to help train the Tunisian Army in the fight against Islamist militants, particularly ISIL who control territory in neighboring Libya. ](/news/2016/02/21/germany-is-considering-sending-troops-to-tunisia-to-help-train-the-tunisian-army-in-the-fight-against-islamist-militants-particularly-isil.md) _Context: Germany, Tunisia_
3. [ Two German intelligence officers are suspected of having given money to Al Qaeda in 2010. ](/news/2016/02/15/two-german-intelligence-officers-are-suspected-of-having-given-money-to-al-qaeda-in-2010.md) _Context: Germany, al-Qaeda_
4. [Two Tunisian soldiers are killed and two wounded by a roadside bomb while hunting Al-Qaeda militants in a mountainous region near the Algerian border. ](/news/2013/06/6/two-tunisian-soldiers-are-killed-and-two-wounded-by-a-roadside-bomb-while-hunting-al-qaeda-militants-in-a-mountainous-region-near-the-algeri.md) _Context: Tunisia, al-Qaeda_
5. [ Security is tightened across Germany after the emergence of al-Qaeda videos threatening attacks if troops are not withdrawn from Afghanistan. ](/news/2009/09/22/security-is-tightened-across-germany-after-the-emergence-of-al-qaeda-videos-threatening-attacks-if-troops-are-not-withdrawn-from-afghanista.md) _Context: Germany, al-Qaeda_
6. [ The German government raises its terrorism alert level after al Qaeda posted a video on the Internet threatening attacks in Germany based on the outcome of this month's elections. ](/news/2009/09/19/the-german-government-raises-its-terrorism-alert-level-after-al-qaeda-posted-a-video-on-the-internet-threatening-attacks-in-germany-based-o.md) _Context: Germany, al-Qaeda_
7. [Leaders from the Group of Twenty come together at the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, including United States President Donald Trump who is set to meet with President of Russia Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2017/07/7/leaders-from-the-group-of-twenty-come-together-at-the-g20-summit-in-hamburg-germany-including-united-states-president-donald-trump-who-is.md) _Context: Germany_
8. [A man shoots several people in a nightclub in Konstanz, Germany, killing one. The gunman was shot and killed by police. ](/news/2017/07/30/a-man-shoots-several-people-in-a-nightclub-in-konstanz-germany-killing-one-the-gunman-was-shot-and-killed-by-police.md) _Context: Germany_
9. [Eighteen people are dead after a bus collides with a truck in the German state of Bavaria. ](/news/2017/07/3/eighteen-people-are-dead-after-a-bus-collides-with-a-truck-in-the-german-state-of-bavaria.md) _Context: Germany_
10. [Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-charter-08-is-suffering-fr.md) _Context: Germany_
