### [2002-04-11](/news/2002/04/11/index.md)

# More than half a million people march on the streets of Caracas protesting against the Venezuelan government.




### Related:

1. [2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis. The new Constituent Assembly votes to remove Attorney General Luisa Ortega Diaz, a prominent critic of President Nicolas Maduro, from her post. The move comes hours after troops from the National Guard surrounded her home in Caracas. ](/news/2017/08/5/2017-venezuelan-constitutional-crisis-the-new-constituent-assembly-votes-to-remove-attorney-general-luisa-ortega-daaz-a-prominent-critic.md) _Context: Caracas_
2. [Crisis in Venezuela. Venezuelan opposition leaders Leopoldo Lopez and Mayor of Caracas Antonio Ledezma are seized at their homes overnight by the Bolivarian Intelligence Service (SEBIN) and taken to Ramo Verde Prison. They had been arrested previously by the Venezuelan government, but were under house arrest at the time of being seized. ](/news/2017/08/1/crisis-in-venezuela-venezuelan-opposition-leaders-leopoldo-la3pez-and-mayor-of-caracas-antonio-ledezma-are-seized-at-their-homes-overnight.md) _Context: Caracas_
3. [Venezuelan protests. Eighteen people, including two opposition leaders, Henrique Capriles and Carlos Paparoni, are injured in Caracas as security forces stop protestors from reaching the government ombudsman's office. ](/news/2017/05/29/venezuelan-protests-eighteen-people-including-two-opposition-leaders-henrique-capriles-and-carlos-paparoni-are-injured-in-caracas-as-sec.md) _Context: Caracas_
4. [2014-17 Venezuelan protests. Venezuelan authorities report 12 people were killed overnight in the capital Caracas, mostly in the El Valle working class neighborhood where 54 people, including newborn babies, were forced to evacuate a maternity hospital. Others have fled to Colombia. This death toll during the three weeks of anti-government protests is 20. ](/news/2017/04/21/2014-17-venezuelan-protests-venezuelan-authorities-report-12-people-were-killed-overnight-in-the-capital-caracas-mostly-in-the-el-valle.md) _Context: Caracas_
5. [2014-17 Venezuelan protests. Venezuelans continue their march against President Nicolas Maduro with thousands flocking into the streets of Caracas for a second day. ](/news/2017/04/20/2014-17-venezuelan-protests-venezuelans-continue-their-march-against-president-nicola-s-maduro-with-thousands-flocking-into-the-streets-o.md) _Context: Caracas_
6. [2014-17 Venezuelan protests. Venezuelan security forces clash with opposition demonstrators in the so-called "Mother of All Marches" against President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas. Two students and a National Guard sergeant are shot dead. ](/news/2017/04/19/2014-17-venezuelan-protests-venezuelan-security-forces-clash-with-opposition-demonstrators-in-the-so-called-mother-of-all-marches-again.md) _Context: Caracas_
7. [2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis. Thousands of people take to the streets in Caracas as Venezuelan authorities acknowledge a fifth death in the protests. ](/news/2017/04/13/2017-venezuelan-constitutional-crisis-thousands-of-people-take-to-the-streets-in-caracas-as-venezuelan-authorities-acknowledge-a-fifth-deat.md) _Context: Caracas_
8. [Venezuelan opposition lawmaker, Julio Borges, is left bloodied after being hit in the face with a pipe in downtown Caracas. He spoke at a press conference after the attack with blood streaming down from his nose and mouth, and bloody stains on his button-down shirt, accusing the attackers of being supporters of President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/06/9/venezuelan-opposition-lawmaker-julio-borges-is-left-bloodied-after-being-hit-in-the-face-with-a-pipe-in-downtown-caracas-he-spoke-at-a-pr.md) _Context: Caracas_
9. [2014-16 Venezuelan protests. Amid a state of emergency, Venezuelan police clash and fire tear gas at protesters calling for the downfall of socialist president Nicolas Maduro in central Caracas. The protests come a day after Maduro warned that the opposition-controlled National Assembly may soon "disappear". ](/news/2016/05/18/2014-16-venezuelan-protests-amid-a-state-of-emergency-venezuelan-police-clash-and-fire-tear-gas-at-protesters-calling-for-the-downfall-o.md) _Context: Caracas_
10. [2016 state of emergency in Venezuela. Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro orders the seizure of factories that have stopped production and the jailing of their owners amid a nationwide state of emergency. During a speech to pro-government supporters in Caracas, he said the country had to recover the means of production, to counter its deep economic crisis. He also said military exercises would take place next weekend to counter "foreign threats". ](/news/2016/05/14/2016-state-of-emergency-in-venezuela-venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-orders-the-seizure-of-factories-that-have-stopped-production-and.md) _Context: Caracas_
