### [2012-04-7](/news/2012/04/7/index.md)

# The United Kingdom Home Office is subjected to an attack believed to be from the Anonymous computer hacking group. 

The hacking group Anonymous is alleged to have disrupted access to the Home Office website, apparently as a protest against government policies.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-17648852)

### Related:

1. [Hacktivist collective Anonymous declares a cyber-war on Turkey, and claims responsibility for the major week-long cyber-attack between 14 and 21 December on Turkey, which it accuses of supporting the jihadist Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), and threatened additional attacks in case the alleged support continues. "We will continue attacking your internet, your root DNS, your banks and take your government sites down," it said. "After the root DNS, we will start to hit your airports, military assets and private state connections. We will destroy your critical banking infrastructure," the group added. ](/news/2015/12/23/hacktivist-collective-anonymous-declares-a-cyber-war-on-turkey-and-claims-responsibility-for-the-major-week-long-cyber-attack-between-14-an.md) _Context: Hacktivist, hacker group Anonymous_
2. [In the United States, the hacking group Anonymous starts releasing names and information about alleged members of the Ku Klux Klan (KKK), a white-supremacist terrorist group originally founded after the Civil War by former Confederate soldiers. Prominent individuals listed deny the allegations. The group says they also infiltrated  KKK-affiliated websites, and warned of more action  culminating on November 24, the anniversary of the Ferguson, Missouri grand jury's decision not to indict. ](/news/2015/11/2/in-the-united-states-the-hacking-group-anonymous-starts-releasing-names-and-information-about-alleged-members-of-the-ku-klux-klan-kkk-a.md) _Context: Hacktivist, hacker group Anonymous_
3. [Hacktivist group Anonymous claims credit for the hacking of the website of the United States Sentencing Commission in response to the suicide of Aaron Swartz. ](/news/2013/01/26/hacktivist-group-anonymous-claims-credit-for-the-hacking-of-the-website-of-the-united-states-sentencing-commission-in-response-to-the-suicid.md) _Context: Hacktivist, hacker group Anonymous_
4. [The hacker group Anonymous releases e-mails obtained from the Bank of America. ](/news/2011/03/14/the-hacker-group-anonymous-releases-e-mails-obtained-from-the-bank-of-america.md) _Context: Hacktivist, hacker group Anonymous_
5. [Britain is set to ban a Muslim group, Al-Muhajiroun, also known as Islam4UK, that recently caused outrage by proposing a demonstration in the town that receives the bodies of British war dead killed abroad, the Home Office says. ](/news/2010/01/10/britain-is-set-to-ban-a-muslim-group-al-muhajiroun-also-known-as-islam4uk-that-recently-caused-outrage-by-proposing-a-demonstration-in-th.md) _Context: Home Office, United Kingdom_
6. [ The United Kingdom Home Office is restructured with a new Ministry of Justice being formed to handle prisons, probation and the sentencing of offenders. ](/news/2007/05/9/the-united-kingdom-home-office-is-restructured-with-a-new-ministry-of-justice-being-formed-to-handle-prisons-probation-and-the-sentencing.md) _Context: Home Office, United Kingdom_
7. [Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-conservatives-battling-in-a-tight-race.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
8. [Right-wing media personality Katie Hopkins is to leave LBC with "immediate effect" after Hopkins posted on Twitter calling for a so-called "final solution" to the United Kingdom's Islamic terrorism problem following the Manchester Arena bombing which left 22 people dead. ](/news/2017/05/26/right-wing-media-personality-katie-hopkins-is-to-leave-lbc-with-immediate-effect-after-hopkins-posted-on-twitter-calling-for-a-so-called.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
9. [The Office for National Statistics in the United Kingdom states that consumer prices in Britain rose by an annualized 2.7% in April, the highest level of inflation in almost four years. ](/news/2017/05/16/the-office-for-national-statistics-in-the-united-kingdom-states-that-consumer-prices-in-britain-rose-by-an-annualized-2-7-in-april-the-hig.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
10. [European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expatriates.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
