### [2014-04-30](/news/2014/04/30/index.md)

# India has become the world's third-largest economy in purchasing power parity after the United States and China, moving ahead of Japan according to World Bank report. The last survey in 2005 had placed India in 10th place.

Purchasing Power Parity is used to compare economies and incomes of people by adjusting for differences in prices in different countries.


### Source:

1. [Times of India](http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/economy/indicators/india-displaces-japan-to-become-third-largest-world-economy-in-terms-of-ppp-world-bank/articleshow/34392694.cms)

### Related:

1. [The capitals of the world's two most populous nations, China and India, are blanketed in hazardous, choking smog. Beijing, on the second-highest pollution alert, is closing highways, halting or suspending construction while warning residents to stay indoors. The U.S. New Delhi embassy's monitoring station recorded an air quality index of 372, putting air pollution levels into "hazardous" territory. No action by the New Delhi government. ](/news/2015/11/30/the-capitals-of-the-worldas-two-most-populous-nations-china-and-india-are-blanketed-in-hazardous-choking-smog-beijing-on-the-second-h.md) _Context: China, India, U.S._
2. [Japan's prime minister Shinzo Abe says he is considering sending Japanese Navy warships to the South China Sea to back-up U.S. naval operations, saying, "With regard to activity by the Self-Defense Forces in the South China Sea, I will consider it while focusing on what effect the situation has on Japan's security." In response, China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesperson, Hong Lei, told Chinese state media that China will remain on "high alert for intervention by Japan in the South China Sea issue". ](/news/2015/11/21/japan-s-prime-minister-shinza-abe-says-he-is-considering-sending-japanese-navy-warships-to-the-south-china-sea-to-back-up-u-s-naval-operat.md) _Context: China, Japan, U.S._
3. [The United States reclaims its spot as the top export market for Japan as China slips due to economic slowdown. Japan's overall annual trade deficit meanwhile reaches 8.2 trillion yen, the highest on record. ](/news/2013/04/18/the-united-states-reclaims-its-spot-as-the-top-export-market-for-japan-as-china-slips-due-to-economic-slowdown-japan-s-overall-annual-trade.md) _Context: China, Japan, U.S._
4. [China's defense ministry criticizes the United States for allegedly increasing tensions in the Asia-Pacific region by increasing its military presence and supporting Japan, the Philippines and Vietnam in longstanding territorial disputes. ](/news/2013/04/16/china-s-defense-ministry-criticizes-the-united-states-for-allegedly-increasing-tensions-in-the-asia-pacific-region-by-increasing-its-militar.md) _Context: China, Japan, U.S._
5. [Shinzo Abe, the Prime Minister of Japan, meets with the President of the United States Barack Obama at the White House to discuss trade, economic, and security issues including North Korea and the Senkaku Islands dispute with China. ](/news/2013/02/22/shinzo-abe-the-prime-minister-of-japan-meets-with-the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-at-the-white-house-to-discuss-trade-eco.md) _Context: China, Japan, U.S._
6. [The United States, Japan, and the European Union file a case against China at the WTO regarding export restrictions on rare earth metals. ](/news/2012/03/13/the-united-states-japan-and-the-european-union-file-a-case-against-china-at-the-wto-regarding-export-restrictions-on-rare-earth-metals.md) _Context: China, Japan, U.S._
7. [Robert Zoellick, the President of the World Bank, claims that the world economy has entered the "danger zone", with the United States, European Union and Japan having to make tough decisions. ](/news/2011/09/14/robert-zoellick-the-president-of-the-world-bank-claims-that-the-world-economy-has-entered-the-danger-zone-with-the-united-states-europ.md) _Context: Japan, U.S., World Bank_
8. [India and China help boost Asian shares outside Japan by 1.7%. ](/news/2010/11/1/india-and-china-help-boost-asian-shares-outside-japan-by-1-7.md) _Context: China, India, Japan_
9. [Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon has repeatedly called on the DPRK to re-engage in the Six-Party Talks that also involve the Republic of Korea, Japan, China, Russia and the United States. ](/news/2010/02/12/secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-has-repeatedly-called-on-the-dprk-to-re-engage-in-the-six-party-talks-that-also-involve-the-republic-of-korea.md) _Context: China, Japan, U.S._
10. [ Live Earth gets underway with concerts in Australia, the United States, Germany, South Africa, the United Kingdom, Brazil, Japan and China. ](/news/2007/07/7/live-earth-gets-underway-with-concerts-in-australia-the-united-states-germany-south-africa-the-united-kingdom-brazil-japan-and-china.md) _Context: China, Japan, U.S._
