### [2014-04-30](/news/2014/04/30/index.md)

# Sinn Fin leader Gerry Adams is arrested by police for the murder of Jean McConville, a 37-year-old widowed mother of ten, who was abducted from her home in 1972. 

Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams is arrested by Northern Ireland police in connection with the 1972 murder of widow and mother-of-10 Jean McConville.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-northern-ireland-27232731)

### Related:

1. [Murder of Jean McConville and Arrest of Gerry Adams:: Northern Ireland's First Minister Peter Robinson accuses Sinn Fin of attempting to blackmail the Police Service of Northern Ireland over the arrest of Gerry Adams. ](/news/2014/05/4/murder-of-jean-mcconville-and-arrest-of-gerry-adams-northern-ireland-s-first-minister-peter-robinson-accuses-sinn-fein-of-attempting-to-bl.md) _Context: Gerry Adams, Murder of Jean McConville, Sinn Fin_
2. [Murder of Jean McConville and Arrest of Gerry Adams:: A mural of Sinn Fein Leader Gerry Adams is painted on a wall on the Falls Road, Belfast, as police are granted a further 48 hours to question him about the murder of Jean McConville. ](/news/2014/05/3/murder-of-jean-mcconville-and-arrest-of-gerry-adams-a-mural-of-sinn-fein-leader-gerry-adams-is-painted-on-a-wall-on-the-falls-road-belfas.md) _Context: Gerry Adams, Murder of Jean McConville, Sinn Fin_
3. [Prince Charles becomes the first member of the British Royal Family to meet with Gerry Adams, the President of Sinn Fin, during a two-day visit to Ireland. ](/news/2015/05/19/prince-charles-becomes-the-first-member-of-the-british-royal-family-to-meet-with-gerry-adams-the-president-of-sinn-fein-during-a-two-day-v.md) _Context: Gerry Adams, Sinn Fin_
4. [Murder of Jean McConville and Arrest of Gerry Adams:: Sinn Fein claims that party president Gerry Adams is a victim of "political policing" are dismissed by the Taoiseach (Prime Minister of Ireland) Enda Kenny, British prime minister David Cameron and Northern Ireland First Minister Peter Robinson. ](/news/2014/05/2/murder-of-jean-mcconville-and-arrest-of-gerry-adams-sinn-fa-c-in-claims-that-party-president-gerry-adams-is-a-victim-of-political-policing.md) _Context: Gerry Adams, Murder of Jean McConville_
5. [Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams remains in custody in connection with the IRA murder of Jean McConville. ](/news/2014/05/1/sinn-fa-c-in-leader-gerry-adams-remains-in-custody-in-connection-with-the-ira-murder-of-jean-mcconville.md) _Context: Gerry Adams, Murder of Jean McConville_
6. [ Sinn Fin leader Gerry Adams appeals to the IRA to stop violence. ](/news/2005/04/7/sinn-fein-leader-gerry-adams-appeals-to-the-ira-to-stop-violence.md) _Context: Gerry Adams, Sinn Fin_
7. [Northern Ireland Assembly election, 2017: Northern Irish voters go to the polls to elect their new MLA representatives after a snap election was called following the resignation of Deputy First minister Martin McGuinness of Sinn Fin over the mishandling by Democratic Unionist Party over the recent Renewable Heat Incentive scandal. ](/news/2017/03/2/northern-ireland-assembly-election-2017-northern-irish-voters-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-their-new-mla-representatives-after-a-snap-election.md) _Context: Sinn Fin_
8. [Irish politicians respond to High Court Judge Paul Carney's order that a man who plead guilty in court to repeatedly raping his daughter as a child be granted bail and provisional released. Taoiseach Enda Kenny comments on a nation "filled with revulsion" at the outcome of the case, while opposition politician Gerry Adams refers to abuse his father inflicted on others. ](/news/2013/01/22/irish-politicians-respond-to-high-court-judge-paul-carney-s-order-that-a-man-who-plead-guilty-in-court-to-repeatedly-raping-his-daughter-as.md) _Context: Gerry Adams_
9. [DUP leader and Northern Ireland First Minister Peter Robinson dismisses calls from Sinn Fin for a Scotland-style referendum on independence for Northern Ireland, telling his party's annual conference that a majority of Catholics want Northern Ireland to stay part of the United Kingdom. ](/news/2012/11/24/dup-leader-and-northern-ireland-first-minister-peter-robinson-dismisses-calls-from-sinn-fein-for-a-scotland-style-referendum-on-independence.md) _Context: Sinn Fin_
10. [Sinn Fein's Martin McGuinness will shake hands with Elizabeth II at a historic first meeting between a British Monarch and member of Sinn Fein during the Queen's forthcoming trip to Northern Ireland. ](/news/2012/06/22/sinn-fein-s-martin-mcguinness-will-shake-hands-with-elizabeth-ii-at-a-historic-first-meeting-between-a-british-monarch-and-member-of-sinn-fa.md) _Context: Sinn Fin_
