### [2004-10-12](/news/2004/10/12/index.md)

#  Conflict in Iraq: A U.S. Air Force air strike destroys Haji Hussein, the most popular restaurant in insurgent-controlled Fallujah. The U.S. says the restaurant was being used by militants loyal to Abu Musab al-Zarqawi. Witnesses say two civilian security guards were killed in the attack. 




### Source:

1. [ABC Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/newsitems/200410/s1218539.htm)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3735694.stm)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.co.uk/newsPackageArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=601444&section=news)

### Related:

1. [ At least three people are killed by U.S. air raids on the insurgent held city of Fallujah. Locals say civilians are among the dead, but the U.S. maintains they struck a safe house of the Jordanian militant Abu Musab al-Zarqawi. Just outside Baghdad, a rocket fired at a US military support base killed one coalition soldier. ](/news/2004/09/30/at-least-three-people-are-killed-by-u-s-air-raids-on-the-insurgent-held-city-of-fallujah-locals-say-civilians-are-among-the-dead-but-the.md) _Context: Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, Conflict in Iraq, Fallujah_
2. [ According to an aide to Iraq's prime minister Nuri al-Maliki, the leader of Al-Qaeda in Iraq and one of the world's most wanted men, Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, was killed by a U.S. air raid. Al-Zarqawi's body was retrieved and visually identified by known scars, tattoos and fingerprints. ](/news/2006/06/8/according-to-an-aide-to-iraq-s-prime-minister-nuri-al-maliki-the-leader-of-al-qaeda-in-iraq-and-one-of-the-world-s-most-wanted-men-abu-mu.md) _Context: Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, Conflict in Iraq_
3. [ Conflict in Iraq: Iraqi Police claim that they captured Abu Musab al-Zarqawi in 2004 and then released him by mistake. ](/news/2005/12/16/conflict-in-iraq-iraqi-police-claim-that-they-captured-abu-musab-al-zarqawi-in-2004-and-then-released-him-by-mistake.md) _Context: Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, Conflict in Iraq_
4. [ Conflict in Iraq: According to U.S. and Iraqi government officials, US Air strikes near the border with Syria have left 56 civilians and over seven insurgents dead. ](/news/2005/08/30/conflict-in-iraq-according-to-u-s-and-iraqi-government-officials-us-air-strikes-near-the-border-with-syria-have-left-56-civilians-and-ov.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, air strike_
5. [ Conflict in Iraq: A senior aide to Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, Abu Zubair, has been shot dead following a U.S. ambush in Mosul, Iraq. ](/news/2005/08/15/conflict-in-iraq-a-senior-aide-to-abu-musab-al-zarqawi-abu-zubair-has-been-shot-dead-following-a-u-s-ambush-in-mosul-iraq.md) _Context: Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, Conflict in Iraq_
6. [ Conflict in Iraq: Three suicide car bombs in Samarra kill 19 Iraqi police, two Iraqi National Guardsmen, two Iraqi Rapid Reaction Forces, and 11 civilians, with 48 wounded. In Ramadi, an Iraqi is killed and 20 U.S. Marines are wounded after a shoot-out between the Marines and rebels. A physician at Fallujah General Hospital reports two dead and maintains no foreign fighters have been admitted to his hospital. ](/news/2004/11/6/conflict-in-iraq-three-suicide-car-bombs-in-samarra-kill-19-iraqi-police-two-iraqi-national-guardsmen-two-iraqi-rapid-reaction-forces-a.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Fallujah_
7. [ Conflict in Iraq: U.S. officers in Fallujah say marines are "cleaning up" remaining insurgents, as artillery and airstrikes continue. In Baiji, A suicide car bomb kills 15 Iraqis and wounds 22. Three Turkish truck drivers are ambushed and killed in Mosul. In Ramadi, nine Iraqis are killed and 15 wounded when U.S. forces confront insurgents. ](/news/2004/11/17/conflict-in-iraq-u-s-officers-in-fallujah-say-marines-are-cleaning-up-remaining-insurgents-as-artillery-and-airstrikes-continue-in-ba.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Fallujah_
8. [ US war planes strike a building in Fallujah. Local sources say the strike killed a family of six, including four children. The U.S. military, however, denies a family was killed and issues a statement saying that "intelligence sources indicate a known Zarqawi propagandist is passing false reports to the media". (Reuters: ](/news/2004/10/20/us-war-planes-strike-a-building-in-fallujah-local-sources-say-the-strike-killed-a-family-of-six-including-four-children-the-u-s-militar.md) _Context: Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, Fallujah_
9. [ Fereidoun Jahani, an Iranian diplomat who was kidnapped in Iraq in early August, is freed; he was held by a militant group that also claims to be holding two French journalists, Christian Chesnot and Georges Malbrunot. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3694236.stm (BBC)] [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6342133 (Reuters)] The U.S. military carries out air strikes on several suspected militant positions in the Baghdad suburb of Sadr City, killing at least five people and wounding 46, according to a local hospital official. The U.S. military disputes that total. [http://www.boston.com/dailynews/271/world/Insurgents_press_offensive_to_:.shtml (AP)] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3692624.stm (BBC)] Two separate car bombs kill at least seven Iraqi national guardsmen in Mosul and Fallujah, while mortars are fired at a police academy in Baghdad, with no reported casualties. (AP: [http://www.boston.com/dailynews/271/world/Car_bomb_kills_four_Iraq_Natio:.shtml 1], [http://www.boston.com/dailynews/271/world/Insurgents_press_offensive_to_:.shtml 2])](/news/2004/09/27/fereidoun-jahani-an-iranian-diplomat-who-was-kidnapped-in-iraq-in-early-august-is-freed-he-was-held-by-a-militant-group-that-also-claims.md) _Context: Fallujah, air strike_
10. [ U.S. air raids in the city of Fallujah, allegedly aimed at militants loyal to Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, kill an estimated 60 fighters, according to claims from the U.S. military. A spokesman for Iraq's health ministry says at least two women and 17 children were among the wounded. Meanwhile, in central Baghdad, a suicide car bomb leaves at least 13 dead. ](/news/2004/09/17/u-s-air-raids-in-the-city-of-fallujah-allegedly-aimed-at-militants-loyal-to-abu-musab-al-zarqawi-kill-an-estimated-60-fighters-accordin.md) _Context: Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, Fallujah_
