### [2004-10-12](/news/2004/10/12/index.md)

#  Moussa Arafat, cousin of Yasser Arafat and a top security official in the Gaza Strip, survives an apparent assassination attempt when a car bomb explodes in his convoy. 




### Source:

1. [1](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/3737218.stm)
2. [2](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/3739148.stm)
3. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2004/WORLD/meast/10/12/mideast.violence/index.html)
4. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6481140&section=news)

### Related:

1. [ The Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades seizes the governor's office in the Gaza Strip town of Khan Yunis, demanding that Yasser Arafat's cousin Moussa Arafat be dismissed from his post as Gaza's security chief. In a separate attack, unidentified people storm a police station and burn the structure. ](/news/2004/07/25/the-al-aqsa-martyrs-brigades-seizes-the-governor-s-office-in-the-gaza-strip-town-of-khan-yunis-demanding-that-yasser-arafat-s-cousin-mous.md) _Context: Gaza, Moussa Arafat, Yasser Arafat_
2. [ Thousands of Palestinians take to the streets to protest appointments by Yasser Arafat. Palestinian gunmen attack and burn down a security force post in the Gaza Strip town of Khan Younis manned by forces loyal to Moussa Arafat, the cousin of Yasser Arafat. The security forces flee. ](/news/2004/07/18/thousands-of-palestinians-take-to-the-streets-to-protest-appointments-by-yasser-arafat-palestinian-gunmen-attack-and-burn-down-a-security.md) _Context: Gaza, Moussa Arafat, Yasser Arafat_
3. [ Thousands of Fatah supporters gather in Gaza to mark the third anniversary of Yasser Arafat's death. Hamas security forces kill seven people and wound several. ](/news/2007/11/12/thousands-of-fatah-supporters-gather-in-gaza-to-mark-the-third-anniversary-of-yasser-arafat-s-death-hamas-security-forces-kill-seven-peopl.md) _Context: Gaza, Yasser Arafat_
4. [ Palestinian militants explode a truck laden with explosives in the Karni crossing in the eastern Gaza Strip. At least 6 Israelis were killed, as well as three of the attackers, and about 10-20 were wounded in the attack. The al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, the Popular Resistance Committees and Hamas claimed joint responsibility. ](/news/2005/01/13/palestinian-militants-explode-a-truck-laden-with-explosives-in-the-karni-crossing-in-the-eastern-gaza-strip-at-least-6-israelis-were-kille.md) _Context: Gaza, car bomb_
5. [ Yasser Arafat, President of the Palestinian Authority, seeking to quiet unrest in the Gaza Strip reinstates Abdel-Razek al-Majaideh, demoting his cousin Moussa Arafat who was appointed just three days ago. ](/news/2004/07/19/yasser-arafat-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-seeking-to-quiet-unrest-in-the-gaza-strip-reinstates-abdel-razek-al-majaideh-demoti.md) _Context: Gaza, Yasser Arafat_
6. [ The Prime Minister of the Palestinian Authority, Ahmed Qurei, submits his resignation during chaos in the Gaza Strip as gunmen kidnapped several people, including the chief of police of the Gaza Strip, demanding reform of the Palestinian security force. Yasser Arafat refuses to accept the resignation. ](/news/2004/07/17/the-prime-minister-of-the-palestinian-authority-ahmed-qurei-submits-his-resignation-during-chaos-in-the-gaza-strip-as-gunmen-kidnapped-se.md) _Context: Gaza, Yasser Arafat_
7. [ Palestinian Yasser Arafat dismisses Israel's threat to kill him. American representatives, and other world leaders, criticize Israel's prime minister for the suggestion. [http://www.arabnews.com/?page=4&section=0&article=42503&d=4&m=4&y=2004 (ArabNews)] Prime Minister Ariel Sharon conflicts with right-wing ministers over a plan to unilaterally disengage from the Gaza Strip. Housing and Construction Minister, Effie Eitam, and Tourism Minister, Benny Elon, demand that the plan receive cabinet approval. [http://fr.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1081052087090 (Jerusalem Post)] A year-long European Parliament investigation into how the Palestinian Authority spents money given to it by the European Union fails to find evidence linking its funds with terrorist activity. The findings, leaked before they were made public, are under attack, with one member of the probe calling it a "partial" whitewash. [http://fr.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1080979165731 (Jerusalem Post)] Millwall FC beat Sunderland A.F.C. 1-0 at Old Trafford to make it to the 2004 FA Cup Final after Tim Cahill scores the winning goal.](/news/2004/04/4/palestinian-yasser-arafat-dismisses-israel-s-threat-to-kill-him-american-representatives-and-other-world-leaders-criticize-israel-s-prim.md) _Context: Gaza, Yasser Arafat_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Palestinian President Yasser Arafat, reacting to the United States President Bush and Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon summit, states Palestinian will never give up their struggle for an independent homeland, never abandon the claims of their refugees, nor make more territorial concessions. He states that Jerusalem will be its capital. Sharon, who wants to withdraw Israel from the Gaza Strip, faces opposition to his withdrawal plan. ](/news/2004/04/15/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-president-yasser-arafat-reacting-to-the-united-states-president-bush-and-israeli-prime-minister.md) _Context: Gaza, Yasser Arafat_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Four people die in a bomb attack on a convoy of US diplomatic vehicles in the Gaza Strip. Palestinian Authority head Yasser Arafat calls the bombing "dirty and shameful" in an exclusive interview on BBC News. Secretary of State Colin Powell urges Prime Minister Ahmed Qurei in a telephone call ""to take action to put an end to violence and terrorism"," according to a Palestinian official.](/news/2003/10/15/israeli-palestinian-conflict-four-people-die-in-a-bomb-attack-on-a-convoy-of-us-diplomatic-vehicles-in-the-gaza-strip-palestinian-authori.md) _Context: Gaza, Yasser Arafat_
10. [Hamas, through Egyptian-mediated talks, agrees to dissolve its Gaza administration, hold talks with the Fatah West Bank government, and hold elections for a Palestinian unity government. ](/news/2017/09/17/hamas-through-egyptian-mediated-talks-agrees-to-dissolve-its-gaza-administration-hold-talks-with-the-fatah-west-bank-government-and-hold.md) _Context: Gaza_
