### [2004-10-12](/news/2004/10/12/index.md)

#  The trial of former Yugoslav president Slobodan Milosevic for alleged war crimes has resumed after a month's delay. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/3735212.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Radovan Karadzic, former Bosnian Serb leader, announces that he will defend himself at his trial for war crimes at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia. ](/news/2008/07/31/radovan-karada3-4ia-former-bosnian-serb-leader-announces-that-he-will-defend-himself-at-his-trial-for-war-crimes-at-the-international-crim.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, war crimes_
2. [ Fugitive Radovan Karadzic, indicted for war crimes by the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia, is arrested in Serbia. ](/news/2008/07/21/fugitive-radovan-karada3-4ia-indicted-for-war-crimes-by-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-is-arrested-in-serbi.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, war crimes_
3. [ The trial of Jovica Stanisic and Franko Simatovic, two former Serbian State Security Service officers and allies of Slobodan Milosevic, starts at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in The Hague. ](/news/2008/03/17/the-trial-of-jovica-stania-ia-and-franko-simatovia-two-former-serbian-state-security-service-officers-and-allies-of-slobodan-miloa-evia.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Slobodan Milosevic_
4. [ Ramush Haradinaj, the former Prime Minister of Kosovo, goes on trial at the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia at The Hague for war crimes allegedly committed while he was a regional leader of the Kosovo Liberation Army. ](/news/2007/03/5/ramush-haradinaj-the-former-prime-minister-of-kosovo-goes-on-trial-at-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-at-th.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, war crimes_
5. [ Kosovan Prime Minister Ramush Haradinaj reports that he has been charged with war crimes by the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia and resigns. He will travel to The Hague of his own volition, although he maintains his innocence. ](/news/2005/03/8/kosovan-prime-minister-ramush-haradinaj-reports-that-he-has-been-charged-with-war-crimes-by-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-for.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, war crimes_
6. [ Slobodan Milosevic trial: Slobodan Milosevic's defense team asks for a withdrawal, saying Milosevic refuses to cooperate. ](/news/2004/10/27/slobodan-miloa-evia-trial-slobodan-miloa-evia-s-defense-team-asks-for-a-withdrawal-saying-miloa-evia-refuses-to-cooperate.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Slobodan Milosevic_
7. [ Former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic, a University of Belgrade Faculty of Law graduate, opens his defence at the trial which accuses him of genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes for his alleged role in the conflicts in which tens of thousands were killed. He maintains the charges are 'unscrupulous lies'. ](/news/2004/08/31/former-yugoslav-president-slobodan-miloa-evic-a-university-of-belgrade-faculty-of-law-graduate-opens-his-defence-at-the-trial-which-accus.md) _Context: Yugoslavia, war crimes_
8. [ Wesley Clark concludes his first day of closed-door testimony against Slobodan Milosevic at the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia. [http://edition.cnn.com/2003/WORLD/europe/12/15/hague.tribunal.clark.reut/index.html]](/news/2003/12/15/wesley-clark-concludes-his-first-day-of-closed-door-testimony-against-slobodan-miloa-evia-at-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-f.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Slobodan Milosevic_
9. [ The International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia in The Hague, Netherlands indicts Slobodan Milosevic and four others for war crimes and crimes against humanity committed in Kosovo.](/news/1999/05/27/the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-in-the-hague-netherlands-indicts-slobodan-miloa-evia-and-four-others-for-wa.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Slobodan Milosevic_
10. [United Nations officials announce the creation of a new team in Geneva to investigate possible war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide during the Syrian Civil War in order to prepare for future prosecutions of those responsible. ](/news/2017/02/16/united-nations-officials-announce-the-creation-of-a-new-team-in-geneva-to-investigate-possible-war-crimes-crimes-against-humanity-and-genoc.md) _Context: war crimes_
