### [2011-02-21](/news/2011/02/21/index.md)

# At least thirty people are killed in a stampede at a Mali stadium following a sermon by a leading Muslim imam. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via ''Brisbane Times](http://news.brisbanetimes.com.au/breaking-news-world/30-killed-in-stampede-at-bamako-stadium-official-20110222-1b2zl.html)

### Related:

1. [The tomb of Muslim saint Sidi Mahmoud Ben Amar, part of the  World Heritage Site in Timbuktu, Mali, is attacked and burned by Islamist fighters. ](/news/2012/05/7/the-tomb-of-muslim-saint-sidi-mahmoud-ben-amar-part-of-the-world-heritage-site-in-timbuktu-mali-is-attacked-and-burned-by-islamist-fight.md) _Context: Mali, Muslim_
2. [ Mali's parliament is to review a law giving women greater rights after thousands of Muslims protested the proposed law. ](/news/2009/08/27/mali-s-parliament-is-to-review-a-law-giving-women-greater-rights-after-thousands-of-muslims-protested-the-proposed-law.md) _Context: Mali, Muslim_
3. [ Imam Zulqarnain Sakandar Madni, the spiritual leader of Norwegian Muslims, accuses the United States Government of masterminding the September 11 attacks and expresses doubt that Osama bin Laden exists, citing the online documentary ''Loose Change''. The U.S. embassy in Oslo issues a statement condemning Madni for "spreading false stories to protect terrorists." Mohammad Hamdan, leader of the Islamic Council in Norway, says Madni's views must be put into context and that it is not important "who is behind it, but how we can fight terrorism and live together in peace." ](/news/2006/09/13/imam-zulqarnain-sakandar-madni-the-spiritual-leader-of-norwegian-muslims-accuses-the-united-states-government-of-masterminding-the-septem.md) _Context: Muslim, imam_
4. [CNN denies authenticity of footage documenting its employees manufacturing a protest using unrepresentative Muslim actors. ](/news/2017/06/3/cnn-denies-authenticity-of-footage-documenting-its-employees-manufacturing-a-protest-using-unrepresentative-muslim-actors.md) _Context: Muslim_
5. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: Muslim_
6. [A suicide bomber detonates a vehicle full of explosives at a military camp in Gao, Mali, killing at least 76 people and wounding scores more in Mali's deadliest terrorist attack in history. ](/news/2017/01/18/a-suicide-bomber-detonates-a-vehicle-full-of-explosives-at-a-military-camp-in-gao-mali-killing-at-least-76-people-and-wounding-scores-more.md) _Context: Mali_
7. [Aftermath of the President-elect Adama Barrow travels to the Malian capital of Bamako to meet with world leaders after yesterday's failed attempts at persuading incumbent president Yahya Jammeh to step down at the end of his term. ](/news/2017/01/14/aftermath-of-the-president-elect-adama-barrow-travels-to-the-malian-capital-of-bamako-to-meet-with-world-leaders-after-yesterday-s-failed-at.md) _Context: Mali_
8. [Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak leads a protest rally against the persecution of Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority in the predominately Buddhist country,  and calls on Myanmar State Counsellor   Aung San Suu Kyi and the United Nations to address the Rohingya's plight  and end the violence.   Myanmar's president's office said the rally is timed for Malaysian political purposes, and that Malaysia should respect the  Association of Southeast Asian Nations's principle on  sovereignty. ](/news/2016/12/4/malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-leads-a-protest-rally-against-the-persecution-of-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority-in-the-predominatel.md) _Context: Muslim_
9. [Mali returns two people France deported on the same planes they arrived on. ](/news/2016/12/30/mali-returns-two-people-france-deported-on-the-same-planes-they-arrived-on.md) _Context: Mali_
10. [The Government of Malaysia claims that violence against Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority is "ethnic cleansing" ahead of a march in Kuala Lumpur led by Prime Minister Najib Razak. ](/news/2016/12/3/the-government-of-malaysia-claims-that-violence-against-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority-is-ethnic-cleansing-ahead-of-a-march-in-kuala-l.md) _Context: Muslim_
