### [2011-02-21](/news/2011/02/21/index.md)

# The United States cities of St. Paul and Minneapolis declare snow emergencies. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''Minnesota Star-Tribune](http://www.startribune.com/local/116562463.html)

### Related:

1. [Minnesota Governor Mark Dayton requests a Justice Department investigation of last night's fatal police shooting of Philando Castile (an African-American) during a traffic stop. Castile's girlfriend, Lavish Reynolds, streamed the incident live over Facebook. It showed Castile had been shot several times and was slumped against Reynolds; he died in Minneapolis's Hennepin County Medical Center. ](/news/2016/07/7/minnesota-governor-mark-dayton-requests-a-justice-department-investigation-of-last-night-s-fatal-police-shooting-of-philando-castile-an-afr.md) _Context: Minneapolis's_
2. [Musician Prince dies at his home at Paisley Park in the Minneapolis suburb of Chanhassen, Minnesota. ](/news/2016/04/21/musician-prince-dies-at-his-home-at-paisley-park-in-the-minneapolis-suburb-of-chanhassen-minnesota.md) _Context: Minneapolis's_
3. [The United States-based Sherwin-Williams Company agrees to acquire rival U.S. paint company Valspar Corporation in an all-cash deal valued at about $9.3 billion (8.2 billion euros). ](/news/2016/03/20/the-united-states-based-sherwin-williams-company-agrees-to-acquire-rival-u-s-paint-company-valspar-corporation-in-an-all-cash-deal-valued-a.md) _Context: Minneapolis's_
4. [Minneapolis, Minnesota (U.S.) police arrest three men suspected of involvement in Monday's  shooting of five people, with non-life-threatening gunshot injuries, who had been protesting the recent police killing of Jamar Clark, a  24-year-old African-American man. Protesters, who had been told to watch out for white supremacists wearing masks or camouflage clothing, said that the shooting occurred after a group of people -- three men and a woman, all wearing ski masks -- were seen filming the protest. The two officers involved in Mr. Clark's shooting are on paid leave during the investigations, including one by the Justice Department's civil rights division. ](/news/2015/11/24/minneapolis-minnesota-u-s-police-arrest-three-men-suspected-of-involvement-in-monday-s-shooting-of-five-people-with-non-life-threateni.md) _Context: Minneapolis's_
5. [A three-story building, housing apartments and a grocery store, explodes and burns in the Cedar-Riverside neighborhood of Minneapolis, Minnesota, injuring 13 people, some critically. ](/news/2014/01/1/a-three-story-building-housing-apartments-and-a-grocery-store-explodes-and-burns-in-the-cedar-riverside-neighborhood-of-minneapolis-minne.md) _Context: Minneapolis's_
6. [A mass shooting takes place at Accent Signage Systems, a sign company in Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States; five people are killed, including the gunman who committed suicide, and four others are wounded. ](/news/2012/09/27/a-mass-shooting-takes-place-at-accent-signage-systems-a-sign-company-in-minneapolis-minnesota-united-states-five-people-are-killed-incl.md) _Context: Minneapolis's_
7. [May 2011 tornado outbreak in the Central United States:Tornados hit the city of Minneapolis, Minnesota, damaging scores of homes and killing at least one person. ](/news/2011/05/22/may-2011-tornado-outbreak-in-the-central-united-states-ptornados-hit-the-city-of-minneapolis-minnesota-damaging-scores-of-homes-and-killin.md) _Context: Minneapolis's_
8. [The Dow Live Earth Run for Water started on April 18th. The host cities are: Buenos Aires, Cape Town, Chicago, Hong Kong, Jimbaran, London, Los Angeles, Manchester, Melbourne, Mexico City, Milan, Minneapolis, New York, Lisboa, Rio de Janeiro, Sao Paulo, Singapore City, Stockholm, Toronto and Washington, D.C.. ](/news/2010/04/18/the-dow-live-earth-run-for-water-started-on-april-18th-the-host-cities-are-buenos-aires-cape-town-chicago-hong-kong-jimbaran-london.md) _Context: Minneapolis's_
9. [ A bus carrying high school band students tips over on Interstate 94 northwest of Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States, killing one person and leaving three others in critical condition. ](/news/2008/04/5/a-bus-carrying-high-school-band-students-tips-over-on-interstate-94-northwest-of-minneapolis-minnesota-united-states-killing-one-person.md) _Context: Minneapolis's_
10. [ Lawyers for U.S. Senator Larry Craig (R-ID) ask the Senate Select Committee on Ethics to reject a complaint following a guilty plea to disorderly conduct charges in Minneapolis. The Ethics Committee rejects his plea. ](/news/2007/09/5/lawyers-for-u-s-senator-larry-craig-r-id-ask-the-senate-select-committee-on-ethics-to-reject-a-complaint-following-a-guilty-plea-to-diso.md) _Context: Minneapolis's_
