### [2011-02-21](/news/2011/02/21/index.md)

# UK based oil giant BP agrees to pay Reliance Industries $7.2 billion for a stake in 23 oil and gas blocks in deep water off India. The two companies will also enter into a joint venture for marketing and sourcing natural gas. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/02/21/us-bp-reliance-idUSTRE71K1U520110221)

### Related:

1. [A BP Alaskan North Slope oil well near Deadhorse Airport, that was leaking oil and natural gas since it was discovered on Friday, is successfully plugged, according to private and government reports. ](/news/2017/04/17/a-bp-alaskan-north-slope-oil-well-near-deadhorse-airport-that-was-leaking-oil-and-natural-gas-since-it-was-discovered-on-friday-is-success.md) _Context: BP_
2. [2016-2017 Cook Inlet natural gas leak: An investigation by the United States Department of Transportation's Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration finds that the natural gas leak occurring in Alaska's Cook Inlet began earlier than first reported, and represents significant safety and environmental risks. The agency gives pipeline operator Hilcorp Energy until May 1, 2017 to fix the leak, or shut the pipeline down. ](/news/2017/03/7/2016-2017-cook-inlet-natural-gas-leak-an-investigation-by-the-united-states-department-of-transportation-s-pipeline-and-hazardous-materials.md) _Context: natural gas_
3. [2016-2017 Cook Inlet natural gas leak: A damaged natural gas pipeline operating under Cook Inlet offshore of Nikiski (near Anchorage, Alaska) continues releasing between 6,000-8,800 cubic meters (210,000-310,000 cubic feet) of gas per day. Pipeline operator Hilcorp Energy states that due to sea ice conditions, repairs will not be possible for weeks. ](/news/2017/03/3/2016-2017-cook-inlet-natural-gas-leak-a-damaged-natural-gas-pipeline-operating-under-cook-inlet-offshore-of-nikiski-near-anchorage-alaska.md) _Context: natural gas_
4. [Tankers anchored in the Caribbean Sea are unable to deliver over four million barrels of crude oil, due to Venezuela's state-owned oil and natural gas company being unable to pay for hull cleaning, inspections, and other port services. ](/news/2017/01/26/tankers-anchored-in-the-caribbean-sea-are-unable-to-deliver-over-four-million-barrels-of-crude-oil-due-to-venezuela-s-state-owned-oil-and-n.md) _Context: natural gas_
5. [The Obama administration through the United States Department of Justice sends a subpoena to natural gas giant Chesapeake Energy regarding the accounting methods for its oil and gas properties. ](/news/2016/09/29/the-obama-administration-through-the-united-states-department-of-justice-sends-a-subpoena-to-natural-gas-giant-chesapeake-energy-regarding-t.md) _Context: natural gas_
6. [Aliso Canyon gas leak: Southern California Gas Company caps, at least temporarily, the natural gas leak that started last October and has forced thousands to flee their homes. ](/news/2016/02/11/aliso-canyon-gas-leak-southern-california-gas-company-caps-at-least-temporarily-the-natural-gas-leak-that-started-last-october-and-has-fo.md) _Context: natural gas_
7. [Deepwater Horizon oil spill: London-based BP agrees, pending court approval, to pay $US18.7 billion to compensate the United States government and the five Gulf Coast states--Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas--for damages stemming from the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill. The settlement includes a civil penalty of $US5.5 billion under the Clean Water Act. ](/news/2015/07/2/deepwater-horizon-oil-spill-london-based-bp-agrees-pending-court-approval-to-pay-us18-7-billion-to-compensate-the-united-states-governme.md) _Context: BP_
8. [According to a statement from Ukraine's nuclear energy authority, Yadernoye Toplivo, a private U.S. nuclear energy company, ConverDyn, could begin helping Ukraine in the production of enriched uranium, a day after Russia shut off natural gas supplies to the country after the two failed to reach agreement over Ukraine's unpaid gas debts to Russia.](/news/2015/07/2/according-to-a-statement-from-ukraine-s-nuclear-energy-authority-yadernoye-toplivo-a-private-u-s-nuclear-energy-company-converdyn-could.md) _Context: natural gas_
9. [Sinai insurgency: Egyptian security officials report that militants have blown up a natural gas pipeline leading to Israel outside El-Arish, the provincial capital of North Sinai. That pipeline was attacked at least 20 times in the last 5 years. ](/news/2015/05/31/sinai-insurgency-egyptian-security-officials-report-that-militants-have-blown-up-a-natural-gas-pipeline-leading-to-israel-outside-el-arish.md) _Context: natural gas_
10. [The European Union opens an antitrust case against Russian gas giant Gazprom which supplies most of Central and eastern Europe with supplies of natural gas. ](/news/2015/04/22/the-european-union-opens-an-antitrust-case-against-russian-gas-giant-gazprom-which-supplies-most-of-central-and-eastern-europe-with-supplies.md) _Context: natural gas_
