### [2017-05-13](/news/2017/05/13/index.md)

# WannaCry ransomware attack. A ransomware cyberattack continues to infect computers of private and public organisations around the world, and demand payment in bitcoin. The method used by the program, EternalBlue, was originally developed by the National Security Agency to exploit a vulnerability in Microsoft Windows, and was leaked by The Shadow Brokers in April. 

The government&#39;s cyber emergency response team is looking into a massive global extortion attack that has hit computers here.


### Source:

1. [BBC/Reuters/RNZ via RNZ](http://www.radionz.co.nz/news/world/330677/nz-computers-caught-up-in-global-cyberattack)

### Related:

1. [2017 Petya cyberattack. A major ransomware cyberattack strikes companies across the globe and 80% of all infections were in Ukraine. ](/news/2017/06/27/2017-petya-cyberattack-a-major-ransomware-cyberattack-strikes-companies-across-the-globe-and-80-of-all-infections-were-in-ukraine.md) _Context: cyberattack, ransomware_
2. [WannaCry ransomware attack. A large scale international cyber-attack using the WannaCry ransomware package disrupts computer and telephone systems in thousands of cases across 99 countries. Affected organisations include: England's NHS, with doctors reporting messages demanding money; MegaFon and Sberbank in Russia; Telefonica, Iberdrola, and Gas Natural in Spain; and FedEx. ](/news/2017/05/12/wannacry-ransomware-attack-a-large-scale-international-cyber-attack-using-the-wannacry-ransomware-package-disrupts-computer-and-telephone-s.md) _Context: WannaCry ransomware attack, ransomware_
3. [2017 Westminster cyberattack. Police in the United Kingdom are investigating a cyberattack on the Houses of Parliament after an attempt was made to gain unauthorised access to politicians' email accounts. ](/news/2017/06/24/2017-westminster-cyberattack-police-in-the-united-kingdom-are-investigating-a-cyberattack-on-the-houses-of-parliament-after-an-attempt-was.md) _Context: cyberattack_
4. ["Wikimedia Foundation v. NSA". The United States Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals rules that Wikimedia Foundation has the legal right to challenge the National Security Agency Upstream program of mass online surveillance. This decision reinstates the suit that had been dismissed by a Federal district judge in Baltimore, Maryland. Eight other organizations, including Amnesty International USA and the Global Fund for Women, are also plaintiffs in this case. ](/news/2017/05/23/wikimedia-foundation-v-nsa-the-united-states-fourth-circuit-court-of-appeals-rules-that-wikimedia-foundation-has-the-legal-right-to-chal.md) _Context: National Security Agency_
5. [WannaCry ransomware attack. The cybersecurity firms Kaspersky Lab and Symantec report that technical evidence connects the WannaCry ransomware attack to the North Korean-backed Lazarus Group. North Korea is also believed to be responsible for previous cyberattacks on the SWIFT banking system and against Sony Pictures. ](/news/2017/05/16/wannacry-ransomware-attack-the-cybersecurity-firms-kaspersky-lab-and-symantec-report-that-technical-evidence-connects-the-wannacry-ransomwa.md) _Context: WannaCry ransomware attack_
6. [WannaCry ransomware attack. Shortly after the attack began a researcher found an effective kill switch, which prevented many new infections, and allowed time to patch systems. This greatly slowed the spread. Cyber security authorities discover new versions that lack the kill switch. ](/news/2017/05/14/wannacry-ransomware-attack-shortly-after-the-attack-began-a-researcher-found-an-effective-kill-switch-which-prevented-many-new-infections.md) _Context: WannaCry ransomware attack_
7. [Global surveillance disclosures (2013-present). The Shadow Brokers group releases files allegedly from the National Security Agency which indicate efforts to monitor financial transactions made through the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication. ](/news/2017/04/14/global-surveillance-disclosures-2013-present-the-shadow-brokers-group-releases-files-allegedly-from-the-national-security-agency-which.md) _Context: National Security Agency_
8. [The Supreme Court of Norway rejects NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden's extradition lawsuit against the Norwegian government. ](/news/2016/11/25/the-supreme-court-of-norway-rejects-nsa-whistleblower-edward-snowden-s-extradition-lawsuit-against-the-norwegian-government.md) _Context: National Security Agency_
9. [The United States Department of Justice charges a top secret security clearance National Security Agency contractor, Harold Thomas Martin III, with theft of government property and unauthorised removal of "highly classified" materials. ](/news/2016/10/5/the-united-states-department-of-justice-charges-a-top-secret-security-clearance-national-security-agency-contractor-harold-thomas-martin-ii.md) _Context: National Security Agency_
10. [Following his October 5 arrest, U.S. federal prosecutors in Baltimore charge Harold T. Martin III, a former National Security Agency contractor, for violating the Espionage Act, specifically, with felony theft of government property. Prosecutors state that, over a 20-year time period, Martin stole at least 50 terabytes of data and "six full bankers boxes" of classified and other documents. The prosecutors state that Martin had an -arsenal- of weapons in his home. ](/news/2016/10/20/following-his-october-5-arrest-u-s-federal-prosecutors-in-baltimore-charge-harold-t-martin-iii-a-former-national-security-agency-contrac.md) _Context: National Security Agency_
