### [2005-02-2](/news/2005/02/2/index.md)

#  A former secret U.S. military investigative report on Guantanamo Bay is revealed to conclude there is no evidence of systemic detainee abuse but cited several cases of questionable physical force documented on videotape. Prisoners released have stated abuse is commonplace, and one former U.S. National Guardsman received brain damage after being beaten while posing undercover as a rowdy detainee. All Freedom of Information Act requests by the ACLU for video and photographs depicting detainee treatment have been denied. 

Breaking News, data &amp; opinions in business, sports, entertainment, travel, lifestyle, plus much more. Newsday.com is the leading news source for Long Island &amp; NYC.


### Source:

1. [Newsday AP](http://www.newsday.com/news/politics/wire/sns-ap-guantanamo-videotapes,0,901965.story)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.newsday.com/img/blog-share-nd.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ The White House announces that allegations of abuse of prisoners in Iraq and Guantanamo Bay by US military personnel will be "fully investigated". The allegations were prompted by a memo, obtained by ACLU FOIA requests, dated two months after the Abu Ghraib scandal broke which reference an executive order that authorized questionable interrogation techniques. The White House spokesman flat out denied this in saying "there is no executive order on interrogation techniques". ](/news/2004/12/21/the-white-house-announces-that-allegations-of-abuse-of-prisoners-in-iraq-and-guantanamo-bay-by-us-military-personnel-will-be-fully-investi.md) _Context: ACLU, Freedom of Information Act, Guantnamo Bay detainment camp, United States military personnel_
2. [Five transgender United States military personnel sue President Donald Trump and top Pentagon officials over the President's policy change announced late last month banning transgender people from serving in the military. The suit asks the court to prevent the ban from going into effect. ](/news/2017/08/9/five-transgender-united-states-military-personnel-sue-president-donald-trump-and-top-pentagon-officials-over-the-president-s-policy-change-a.md) _Context: United States military personnel_
3. [U.S. President Donald Trump tweets that transgender Americans will not be allowed to serve "in any capacity" in the United States Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/07/26/u-s-president-donald-trump-tweets-that-transgender-americans-will-not-be-allowed-to-serve-in-any-capacity-in-the-united-states-armed-forc.md) _Context: United States military personnel_
4. [The United States-backed Syrian Democratic Forces launch an operation to capture Raqqa, ISIL's "de facto" Syrian capital. ](/news/2017/06/6/the-united-states-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-launch-an-operation-to-capture-raqqa-isil-s-de-facto-syrian-capital.md) _Context: United States military personnel_
5. [A Russian SU-27 fighter jet intercepts an American B-52 strategic bomber that was flying over international waters of the Baltic Sea parallel to the Russian border, and escorts the B-52 until it flew away from the border area. The United States military confirmed that the US Air Force B-52 was operating in international airspace, but had no further comment about the incident. ](/news/2017/06/6/a-russian-su-27-fighter-jet-intercepts-an-american-b-52-strategic-bomber-that-was-flying-over-international-waters-of-the-baltic-sea-paralle.md) _Context: United States military personnel_
6. [ISIL supporter, Terrence J. McNeil, of Akron, Ohio, pleads guilty to five counts of soliciting to commit criminal violence and communicating interstate threats in calls to kill U.S. military personnel. He is scheduled to be sentenced in August and faces up to 20 years in prison.](/news/2017/04/20/isil-supporter-terrence-j-mcneil-of-akron-ohio-pleads-guilty-to-five-counts-of-soliciting-to-commit-criminal-violence-and-communicating.md) _Context: United States military personnel_
7. [Citing court rulings and privacy laws, the United States Department of Agriculture stops making its records of animal abuse available to the public online, which makes them available exclusively through Freedom of Information Act requests. It has not yet been revealed whether another Agency will now be responsible for the keeping and public hosting of such records. ](/news/2017/02/3/citing-court-rulings-and-privacy-laws-the-united-states-department-of-agriculture-stops-making-its-records-of-animal-abuse-available-to-the.md) _Context: Freedom of Information Act_
8. [The Trump administration plans to increase the budget of the United States Armed Forces by more than 9%. ](/news/2017/02/28/the-trump-administration-plans-to-increase-the-budget-of-the-united-states-armed-forces-by-more-than-9.md) _Context: United States military personnel_
9. [3,000 U.S. troops are deployed in Poland as part of NATO's Operation Atlantic Resolve. Poland says that the deployment is a necessary response to Russian military exercises near its border and its intervention in Ukraine while Russia condemns the move as a "threat to national interests and security". ](/news/2017/01/12/3-000-u-s-troops-are-deployed-in-poland-as-part-of-nato-s-operation-atlantic-resolve-poland-says-that-the-deployment-is-a-necessary-respon.md) _Context: United States military personnel_
10. [The U.S. military launches Tomahawk cruise missiles from the USS "Nitze" against Houthi-controlled radar sites in Yemen following two incidents in which, according to U.S. military, missiles were fired on United States Navy vessels in the Red Sea. ](/news/2016/10/13/the-u-s-military-launches-tomahawk-cruise-missiles-from-the-uss-nitze-against-houthi-controlled-radar-sites-in-yemen-following-two-incide.md) _Context: United States military personnel_
