### [2005-02-2](/news/2005/02/2/index.md)

#  Arab-Israeli conflict: Ariel Sharon, the Prime Minister of Israel, and Abu Mazen, the President of the Palestinian National Authority, are invited by Egypt to attend a summit at Sharm el-Sheikh. A Jordanian delegation will also attend. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4229007.stm)
2. [Reuters](http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&cid=574&ncid=721&e=1&u=/nm/20050202/wl_nm/mideast_abbas_iran_dc)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A truce is declared between Israel and the Palestinian Authority.  Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian Authority, and Ariel Sharon, the Prime Minister of Israel,  shook hands at a four-way summit at Sharm el-Sheikh that was also attended by Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and Jordan's King Abdullah.  Palestinian organization Hamas says it is not bound by the ceasefire.  ](/news/2005/02/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-truce-is-declared-between-israel-and-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palest.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Egypt, Israeli Prime Minister, Jordan, Sharm el-Sheikh_
2. [Arab-Israeli conflict:Two rockets fired from Egypt's Sinai Peninsula hit the Israeli resort of Eilat, but land in open areas, causing no damage. Three more rockets hit open areas in neighboring Jordan. ](/news/2013/04/17/arabaisraeli-conflict-ptwo-rockets-fired-from-egypt-s-sinai-peninsula-hit-the-israeli-resort-of-eilat-but-land-in-open-areas-causing-no.md) _Context: Arab-Israeli conflict, Egypt, Jordan_
3. [ Israel aids the Palestinian National Authority, Egypt, and Jordan in combatting swine influenza. ](/news/2009/05/2/israel-aids-the-palestinian-national-authority-egypt-and-jordan-in-combatting-swine-influenza.md) _Context: Egypt, Jordan, Palestinian National Authority_
4. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Egypt, Jordan_
5. [Russia has ordered the suspension of all flights to Egypt following indications that the crash near Sharm el-Sheikh was caused by a bomb.](/news/2015/11/6/russia-has-ordered-the-suspension-of-all-flights-to-egypt-following-indications-that-the-crash-near-sharm-el-sheikh-was-caused-by-a-bomb.md) _Context: Egypt, Sharm el-Sheikh_
6. [Flights between the United Kingdom and the Egyptian city of Sharm el-Sheikh are suspended due to concerns of the British government that the crash was caused by an "explosive device". ](/news/2015/11/4/flights-between-the-united-kingdom-and-the-egyptian-city-of-sharm-el-sheikh-are-suspended-due-to-concerns-of-the-british-government-that-the.md) _Context: Egypt, Sharm el-Sheikh_
7. [Tourism bookings in Egypt's main Red Sea resort of Sharm el-Sheikh plunge in the wake of the plane crash with some 80% of reservations cancelled and at least 40% of the tourists leaving the resort since the crash. ](/news/2015/11/11/tourism-bookings-in-egyptas-main-red-sea-resort-of-sharm-el-sheikh-plunge-in-the-wake-of-the-plane-crash-with-some-80-of-reservations-can.md) _Context: Egypt, Sharm el-Sheikh_
8. [A Russian Kogalymavia Airbus A-321 airliner crashes in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula with 224 passengers on board travelling from Sharm el-Sheikh to St Petersburg. ](/news/2015/10/31/a-russian-kogalymavia-airbus-a-321-airliner-crashes-in-egypt-s-sinai-peninsula-with-224-passengers-on-board-travelling-from-sharm-el-sheikh.md) _Context: Egypt, Sharm el-Sheikh_
9. [A massive sandstorm hits Lebanon and Syria as well as Jordan, Israel and Egypt. The Lebanese Health Ministry said the storm caused the deaths of two women, and sent hundreds to hospitals with breathing difficulties. Particularly hard hit were the 1.1 million Syrian refugees in Lebanon, many in flimsy tents in informal campsites. ](/news/2015/09/8/a-massive-sandstorm-hits-lebanon-and-syria-as-well-as-jordan-israel-and-egypt-the-lebanese-health-ministry-said-the-storm-caused-the-death.md) _Context: Egypt, Jordan_
10. [Former Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is in critical condition following renal failure after being in a coma since 2006. ](/news/2014/01/2/former-israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-is-in-critical-condition-following-renal-failure-after-being-in-a-coma-since-2006.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israeli Prime Minister_
