### [2005-02-2](/news/2005/02/2/index.md)

#  Robert Mugabe, president of Zimbabwe, announces that a general election will be held March 31. The country's main opposition party, Movement for Democratic Change, has not yet decided whether to participate. 

Find late breaking world news from every corner of the globe at Reuters.com, your online source for international news coverage.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=7501618)
2. [IAfrica](http://iafrica.com/news/worldnews/409845.htm)

### Related:

1. [ Zimbabwe opposition party Movement for Democratic Change says that the country has run out of maize grain and asks Robert Mugabe to apply for foreign food aid. ](/news/2005/04/27/zimbabwe-opposition-party-movement-for-democratic-change-says-that-the-country-has-run-out-of-maize-grain-and-asks-robert-mugabe-to-apply-f.md) _Context: Movement for Democratic Change, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
2. [ The elections in Zimbabwe have proceeded with large queues seen at many polling stations. No violence has been reported, and Incumbent president Robert Mugabe of the ZANU-PF party has declared the elections to be free and fair.  Opposition leader, Morgan Tsvangirai of the party MDC, disputes this, but still believes his party will win.  The election has already been branded unfair by both the U.S. and the EU and their observers have been barred from monitoring the poll. Results are expected in two days.](/news/2005/03/31/the-elections-in-zimbabwe-have-proceeded-with-large-queues-seen-at-many-polling-stations-no-violence-has-been-reported-and-incumbent-pres.md) _Context: Movement for Democratic Change, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
3. [ In Zimbabwe, new electoral court rules that jailed opposition politician Roy Bennett, member of the Movement for Democratic Change, can take part of parliamentary elections on March 31. ](/news/2005/03/15/in-zimbabwe-new-electoral-court-rules-that-jailed-opposition-politician-roy-bennett-member-of-the-movement-for-democratic-change-can-tak.md) _Context: March 31, Movement for Democratic Change, Zimbabwe_
4. [Around ten heads of state attend the 17th Non-aligned Movement summit in Isla Margarita, Venezuela, including Evo Morales of Bolivia, Raul Castro of Cuba, Rafael Correa of Ecuador, Hassan Rouhani of Iran, Mahmoud Abbas of the State of Palestine, Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe, and Venezuela's president Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/09/17/around-ten-heads-of-state-attend-the-17th-non-aligned-movement-summit-in-isla-margarita-venezuela-including-evo-morales-of-bolivia-raaol.md) _Context: Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
5. [National "Stay Away" protests, organized over the Internet via the WhatsApp social messaging platform, take place in Zimbabwe, following fears of an economic collapse amid calls for President Robert Mugabe's resignation.](/news/2016/07/6/national-stay-away-protests-organized-over-the-internet-via-the-whatsapp-social-messaging-platform-take-place-in-zimbabwe-following-fea.md) _Context: Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
6. [Thousands of opposition supporters rally in Harare, Zimbabwe, against President Robert Mugabe and the deteriorating economy. The rally was banned by the police, however, it went ahead after a ruling by the High Court sanctioned the protest. ](/news/2016/04/14/thousands-of-opposition-supporters-rally-in-harare-zimbabwe-against-president-robert-mugabe-and-the-deteriorating-economy-the-rally-was-b.md) _Context: Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
7. [The president of Zimbabwe, Robert Mugabe, is awarded the Confucius Peace Prize, sometimes characterized as a Chinese alternative to the Nobel Peace Prize. ](/news/2015/10/23/the-president-of-zimbabwe-robert-mugabe-is-awarded-the-confucius-peace-prize-sometimes-characterized-as-a-chinese-alternative-to-the-nobe.md) _Context: Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
8. [President Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe makes his first public appearance in several weeks. ](/news/2014/01/20/president-robert-mugabe-of-zimbabwe-makes-his-first-public-appearance-in-several-weeks.md) _Context: Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
9. [Zimbabwe's Movement for Democratic Change files papers with the Constitutional Court in Harare arguing that the recent elections be annulled because of widespread allegations of illegalities and intimidation of voters by Robert Mugabe's ZANU-PF party. ](/news/2013/08/9/zimbabwe-s-movement-for-democratic-change-files-papers-with-the-constitutional-court-in-harare-arguing-that-the-recent-elections-be-annulled.md) _Context: Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
10. [Zimbabwean general election, 2013:Robert Mugabe is declared the run-away winner of Zimbabwe's controversial presidential election by a 61% majority, extending his 33-year rule. ](/news/2013/08/3/zimbabwean-general-election-2013-probert-mugabe-is-declared-the-run-away-winner-of-zimbabwe-s-controversial-presidential-election-by-a-61.md) _Context: Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
