### [2006-11-3](/news/2006/11/3/index.md)

#  Wu Shu-chen, the wife of the President of the Republic of China, is indicted on corruption charges by Taiwan prosecutors. President Chen Shui-bian is not indicted due to presidential immunity, but prosecutors say he will be charged once he is no longer president. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/6112668.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Tens of thousands of protesters begin their anticorruption protests, "Million Voices Against Corruption, President Chen Must Go", against President Chen Shui-bian in Taipei, Taiwan. ](/news/2006/09/9/tens-of-thousands-of-protesters-begin-their-anticorruption-protests-million-voices-against-corruption-president-chen-must-go-against-p.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President of Taiwan, Taiwan, anti-corruption_
2. [ Former Taiwanese President Chen Shui-bian and his wife, Wu Shu-chen, are both sentenced to life in prison after being found guilty of corruption. ](/news/2009/09/11/former-taiwanese-president-chen-shui-bian-and-his-wife-wu-shu-chen-are-both-sentenced-to-life-in-prison-after-being-found-guilty-of-corru.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, Wu Shu-chen, anti-corruption_
3. [ Four state-owned enterprises of the Republic of China (Taiwan)-Chunghwa Post, the Chinese Petroleum Corporation, the China Shipbuilding Corporation, and the Central Bank of China-change their names to remove "China" from their titles at the request of President Chen Shui-bian. The decision is condemned by the Pan-Blue Coalition, the United States and People's Republic of China as a move towards Taiwan independence. ](/news/2007/02/12/four-state-owned-enterprises-of-the-republic-of-china-taiwan-chunghwa-post-the-chinese-petroleum-corporation-the-china-shipbuilding-c.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President of Taiwan, Taiwan_
4. [ Hundreds of thousands of people made a protest against President Chen Shui-bian in Taipei, Taiwan, surrounding Office of the President, where Chen took part in ceremony marking Double Tenth Day. ](/news/2006/10/10/hundreds-of-thousands-of-people-made-a-protest-against-president-chen-shui-bian-in-taipei-taiwan-surrounding-office-of-the-president-whe.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President of Taiwan, Taiwan_
5. [ The PRC objects to former US President Bill Clinton's plan to visit Taiwan and meet with the ROC President Chen Shui-bian. ](/news/2005/02/24/the-prc-objects-to-former-us-president-bill-clinton-s-plan-to-visit-taiwan-and-meet-with-the-roc-president-chen-shui-bian.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President of Taiwan, Taiwan_
6. [ President Chen Shui-bian says that the hundreds of missiles the People's Republic of China has aimed at Taiwan justifies holding a referendum on independence. The referendum bill recently passed by the Legislative Yuan only allows votes on sovereignty if the country is attacked by a foreign power. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/3252246.stm]](/news/2003/12/1/president-chen-shui-bian-says-that-the-hundreds-of-missiles-the-people-s-republic-of-china-has-aimed-at-taiwan-justifies-holding-a-referend.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President of Taiwan, Taiwan_
7. [China-United States relations: The People's Republic of China lodges a complaint with the United States after President-elect of the United States Donald Trump speaks with President of Taiwan Tsai Ing-wen. The PRC and the United States view Taiwan as a breakaway province. ](/news/2016/12/3/china-united-states-relations-the-people-s-republic-of-china-lodges-a-complaint-with-the-united-states-after-president-elect-of-the-unite.md) _Context: President of Taiwan, Taiwan_
8. [Chinese state media Xinhua News Agency criticizes Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen as politically extreme and lacking emotional balance because she is unmarried and does not have children. ](/news/2016/05/26/chinese-state-media-xinhua-news-agency-criticizes-taiwan-president-tsai-ing-wen-as-politically-extreme-and-lacking-emotional-balance-because.md) _Context: President of Taiwan, Taiwan_
9. [China-Taiwan Relations: China says Chinese passengers flying from the Chinese cities of Nanchang, Kunming, and Chongqing, will be allowed to stop at Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport before flying to a third destination. Taiwan President Ma Ying-jeou applauded this step toward normalizing relations between the two states. Taiwan's opposition party expressed concern that Beijing is trying to interfere with the country's January 16, 2016, presidential and legislative elections. ](/news/2016/01/5/china-taiwan-relations-china-says-chinese-passengers-flying-from-the-chinese-cities-of-nanchang-kunming-and-chongqing-will-be-allowed-to.md) _Context: President of Taiwan, Taiwan_
10. [Taiwan's justice ministry releases former President Chen Shui-bian from jail on a one-month medical parole. ](/news/2015/01/5/taiwan-s-justice-ministry-releases-former-president-chen-shui-bian-from-jail-on-a-one-month-medical-parole.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, Taiwan_
