### [2008-11-16](/news/2008/11/16/index.md)

#  A 7.3 magnitude earthquake strikes off the coast of Indonesia, kills two; a tsunami warning is issued, but later lifted. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2008/WORLD/asiapcf/11/16/indonesia.earthquake/)

### Related:

1. [ A 7.7 Mw earthquake off the coast of Indonesia causes a tsunami to crash into Java, causing significant property damage and killing over 100 people. Concern is raised over lack of a warning system for the south coast despite warnings from international agencies.](/news/2006/07/17/a-7-7-mw-earthquake-off-the-coast-of-indonesia-causes-a-tsunami-to-crash-into-java-causing-significant-property-damage-and-killing-over-10.md) _Context: Indonesia, magnitude, tsunami_
2. [ 2005 Sumatran earthquake: An earthquake of moment magnitude 8.7 is reported off the west coast of North Sumatra, likely an aftershock of the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake. Concerned about the threat of a tsunami, emergency evacuations begin in Malaysia, Thailand, and Sri Lanka, although no significant tsunami activity is reported. Indonesia's vice-president reports up to 2,000 deaths ](/news/2005/03/28/2005-sumatran-earthquake-an-earthquake-of-moment-magnitude-8-7-is-reported-off-the-west-coast-of-north-sumatra-likely-an-aftershock-of-th.md) _Context: Indonesia, magnitude, tsunami_
3. [At least 96 people are killed following a 6.4 magnitude earthquake in Indonesia's Aceh region. Hundreds of people are injured and several buildings have collapsed.  ](/news/2016/12/7/at-least-96-people-are-killed-following-a-6-4-magnitude-earthquake-in-indonesia-s-aceh-region-hundreds-of-people-are-injured-and-several-bu.md) _Context: Indonesia, magnitude_
4. [Tsunami warnings are issued for the Pacific region, including Indonesia and  the Solomon Islands, following a 7.9 magnitude earthquake east of Papua New Guinea. The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center later reports the threat has largely passed. ](/news/2016/12/17/tsunami-warnings-are-issued-for-the-pacific-region-including-indonesia-and-the-solomon-islands-following-a-7-9-magnitude-earthquake-east.md) _Context: Indonesia, magnitude_
5. [The U.S. Geological Survey reports a 6.5 magnitude earthquake 155 km (95 miles)  from the West Sumatra port city of Padang  in Indonesia at a depth of about 50 km (30 miles). There are no immediate reports of damage or injury. ](/news/2016/06/1/the-u-s-geological-survey-reports-a-6-5-magnitude-earthquake-155-km-95-miles-from-the-west-sumatra-port-city-of-padang-in-indonesia-at.md) _Context: Indonesia, magnitude_
6. [The Meteorological, Climatological and Geophysical Agency of Indonesia (BMKG) and the Australian Bureau of Meteorology (BOM) issue tsunami warnings, after an undersea 7.9 magnitude earthquake strikes southwest of Sumatra, in the Indian Ocean. ](/news/2016/03/2/the-meteorological-climatological-and-geophysical-agency-of-indonesia-bmkg-and-the-australian-bureau-of-meteorology-bom-issue-tsunami-w.md) _Context: Indonesia, tsunami_
7. [A magnitude 7.1 earthquake strikes southwestern Alaska, leaving 10,000 in the Anchorage area without power and forcing the evacuation of several homes on the Kenai Peninsula. The National Weather Service reported that there was no tsunami following the earthquake. ](/news/2016/01/24/a-magnitude-7-1-earthquake-strikes-southwestern-alaska-leaving-10-000-in-the-anchorage-area-without-power-and-forcing-the-evacuation-of-sev.md) _Context: magnitude, tsunami_
8. [The U.S. Geological Survey reports a magnitude 5.5 earthquake struck the central Chilean coast, south of the town of Coquimbo, at 6:05 PM EST.  No immediate reports of damage or casualties; no tsunami alerts are in effect.     ](/news/2015/11/21/the-u-s-geological-survey-reports-a-magnitude-5-5-earthquake-struck-the-central-chilean-coast-south-of-the-town-of-coquimbo-at-6-05-pm-es.md) _Context: magnitude, tsunami_
9. [The U.S. Geological Survey reports a magnitude 6.7 earthquake struck off the southwest coast of Japan. The quake occurred 119 miles (191 km) west-southwest of Kagoshima. The Pacific Tsunami Center reported no major tsunami threat. A small tsunami, 30 centimeters (11.8 inches), was observed on the southern island of Nakanoshima. No reports of major damage or injuries. ](/news/2015/11/14/the-u-s-geological-survey-reports-a-magnitude-6-7-earthquake-struck-off-the-southwest-coast-of-japan-the-quake-occurred-119-miles-191-km.md) _Context: magnitude, tsunami_
10. [A 7.1 magnitude earthquake occurs in waters off Kota Ternate in Indonesia with the potential to trigger a tsunami to hit Indonesia and the Philippines. ](/news/2014/11/15/a-7-1-magnitude-earthquake-occurs-in-waters-off-kota-ternate-in-indonesia-with-the-potential-to-trigger-a-tsunami-to-hit-indonesia-and-the-p.md) _Context: Indonesia, tsunami_
