### [2005-08-12](/news/2005/08/12/index.md)

#  104 Ecuadorians trying to emigrate to the United States are killed when their ship sinks in the Pacific Ocean off the coast of Colombia. Nine people are rescued after floating at sea for two days.




### Related:

1. [A magnitude 7.8 earthquake strikes off the coast of Ecuador, near the town of Muisne. The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center issues a tsunami alert for coastal areas of Ecuador and Colombia. At least 42 people are reported dead with deaths reported in the cities of Manta, Guayaquil and Portoviejo. ](/news/2016/04/16/a-magnitude-7-8-earthquake-strikes-off-the-coast-of-ecuador-near-the-town-of-muisne-the-pacific-tsunami-warning-center-issues-a-tsunami-al.md) _Context: Colombia, Ecuador_
2. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry holds a meeting with leaders of FARC in a sign of encouragement in ending Colombia's half-century old conflict. ](/news/2016/03/22/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-holds-a-meeting-with-leaders-of-farc-in-a-sign-of-encouragement-in-ending-colombia-s-half-century-old-con.md) _Context: Colombia, United States_
3. [The President of the United States Barack Obama announces executive orders to defer the deportations of a certain group of illegal immigrants: parents whose children are already U.S. citizens and legal permanent residents who have lived in the United States for five years or more. ](/news/2014/11/20/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-announces-executive-orders-to-defer-the-deportations-of-a-certain-group-of-illegal-immigrant.md) _Context: United States, illegal migrants_
4. [In the stand-off between Britain and Ecuador over Julian Assange, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange gives a speech critical of the United States' policy against Wikileaks, "dragging us all in a dark, repressive world in which journalists live under fear of prosecution", from the balcony of Ecuador's London embassy. ](/news/2012/08/19/in-the-stand-off-between-britain-and-ecuador-over-julian-assange-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-gives-a-speech-critical-of-the-united-sta.md) _Context: Ecuador, United States_
5. [A free trade agreement between the United States and Colombia takes effect. ](/news/2012/05/15/a-free-trade-agreement-between-the-united-states-and-colombia-takes-effect.md) _Context: Colombia, United States_
6. [Ecuador expels the United States ambassador over Wikileaks diplomatic cables alleging corruption within the Ecuadorian police force. ](/news/2011/04/6/ecuador-expels-the-united-states-ambassador-over-wikileaks-diplomatic-cables-alleging-corruption-within-the-ecuadorian-police-force.md) _Context: Ecuador, United States_
7. [A court in the city of Lago Agrio, on behalf of 30,000 Ecuadorean people, orders United States oil company Chevron to pay more than $8 billion in environmental damages for dumping wastewater in the Amazon River twenty years ago. ](/news/2011/02/14/a-court-in-the-city-of-lago-agrio-on-behalf-of-30-000-ecuadorean-people-orders-united-states-oil-company-chevron-to-pay-more-than-8-billi.md) _Context: Ecuador, United States_
8. [At least 8 police officers are killed and several others are wounded in San Miguel, Putumayo, Colombia, near its border with Ecuador. 2 of the perpetrators are then killed in the jungle. ](/news/2010/09/11/at-least-8-police-officers-are-killed-and-several-others-are-wounded-in-san-miguel-putumayo-colombia-near-its-border-with-ecuador-2-of-t.md) _Context: Colombia, Ecuador_
9. [A court in Colombia declares as unconstitutional a controversial deal allowing the United States to freely use its military bases and says it will have to be redrafted; other Latin American countries have expressed concern that the United States is exerting excessive influence on the region. ](/news/2010/08/18/a-court-in-colombia-declares-as-unconstitutional-a-controversial-deal-allowing-the-united-states-to-freely-use-its-military-bases-and-says-i.md) _Context: Colombia, United States_
10. [The United States defends its decision to appoint as Venezuelan ambassador Larry Palmer, who has expressed negative views of the country in the past, including insinuating that it has ties with Colombian rebels. ](/news/2010/08/10/the-united-states-defends-its-decision-to-appoint-as-venezuelan-ambassador-larry-palmer-who-has-expressed-negative-views-of-the-country-in.md) _Context: Colombia, United States_
