### [2017-07-4](/news/2017/07/4/index.md)

# North Korea  test-launches what is presumed to be its first intercontinental ballistic missile 933 kilometers  into the Sea of Japan within Japan's Exclusive Economic Zone. An American expert theorizes the ICBM, which reached an altitude of 2,802 km, could potentially reach the U.S. state of Alaska.   

Donald Trump says it is hard to believe South Korea and Japan will put up with this much longer after North Korean launches its latest missile.


### Source:

1. [ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2017-07-04/north-korea-launches-ballistic-missile%3A-south-korea/8676404)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-northkorea-missiles-idUSKBN19P02W)
3. [Xinhua News Agency](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/2017-07/04/c_136416688.htm)

### Related:

1. [North Korea launches a Short-Range Ballistic missile near Wonsan towards the Sea of Japan, according to South Korea. The missile reportedly lands in Japan's exclusive economic zone (EEZ) after traveling 450 km. ](/news/2017/05/29/north-korea-launches-a-short-range-ballistic-missile-near-wansan-towards-the-sea-of-japan-according-to-south-korea-the-missile-reportedly.md) _Context: Exclusive Economic Zone, Japan, North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, Sea of Japan_
2. [North Korea launches two ballistic missiles, one of which explodes immediately after its launch while the main part of the other  lands in Japan's economic exclusion zone. ](/news/2016/08/3/north-korea-launches-two-ballistic-missiles-one-of-which-explodes-immediately-after-its-launch-while-the-main-part-of-the-other-lands-in-j.md) _Context: Exclusive Economic Zone, Japan, North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
3. [U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435|mi|km reaching an altitude of more than 1245|mi|km before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60|mi|km south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launched-a-test-missile-from-the-west-coast-city-of-kusong-the-projectile-travelle.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, Sea of Japan_
4. [North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-eastern-waters-in-the-direction-of-japan-accordi.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
5. [South Korea claims that North Korea has fired several missiles from the Sohae Satellite Launching Station into the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2017/03/6/south-korea-claims-that-north-korea-has-fired-several-missiles-from-the-sohae-satellite-launching-station-into-the-sea-of-japan.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, Sea of Japan_
6. [North Korea test fires a ballistic missile over the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2017/02/12/north-korea-test-fires-a-ballistic-missile-over-the-sea-of-japan.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, Sea of Japan_
7. [Kim Jong Un, the leader of North Korea, claims that the country is close to developing an intercontinental ballistic missile. ](/news/2017/01/1/kim-jong-un-the-leader-of-north-korea-claims-that-the-country-is-close-to-developing-an-intercontinental-ballistic-missile.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, intercontinental ballistic missile_
8. [Japan orders its military to shoot down any North Korean missiles that threaten to strike Japan at anytime, and is placing its forces on a state of alert for at least three months, according to a Ministry of Defense official. ](/news/2016/08/8/japan-orders-its-military-to-shoot-down-any-north-korean-missiles-that-threaten-to-strike-japan-at-anytime-and-is-placing-its-forces-on-a-s.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
9. [ North Korea launches a missile from a submarine off the port city of Sinpo in the Sea of Japan, according to  U.S. and South Korean officials. This missile, the third sub-based attempt this year, flew about 500 kilometers (311 miles) and landed in waters between the Korean Peninsula and Japan. The first test  exploded and the second traveled 30 km (181/2 miles). ](/news/2016/08/24/north-korea-launches-a-missile-from-a-submarine-off-the-port-city-of-sinpo-in-the-sea-of-japan-according-to-u-s-and-south-korean-officia.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, Sea of Japan_
10. [The South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff and the United States Strategic Command report North Korea fires three ballistic missiles into the Sea of Japan. The short-range ballistic missiles flew about 500 to 600 kilometers (310 to 375 miles) before crashing in the sea, sufficient to target the southern part of South Korea where the U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system is set to be installed. ](/news/2016/07/19/the-south-korean-joint-chiefs-of-staff-and-the-united-states-strategic-command-report-north-korea-fires-three-ballistic-missiles-into-the-se.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, Sea of Japan_
