### [2006-11-13](/news/2006/11/13/index.md)

#  Lebanese Environment Minister Yaacoub Sarraf, a Christian allied with Hezbollah, joins the rank of five other cabinet members who resigned on November 11, 2006. The cabinet later unanmously approved a UN-proposed international tribunal to try suspects over the assassination of Prime Minister Rafik Hariri in February 2005. 




### Source:

1. [Canadian Press](http://www.canada.com/topics/news/world/story.html?id=058c70ca-cb8f-4c27-a388-30c6ee4ceabd&k=18141)

### Related:

1. [ The United Nations Security Council establishes an international tribunal to try suspects in the killings of Lebanese political figures including the former Prime Minister Rafik Hariri. ](/news/2007/05/30/the-united-nations-security-council-establishes-an-international-tribunal-to-try-suspects-in-the-killings-of-lebanese-political-figures-inc.md) _Context: Lebanon, Rafik Hariri_
2. [ In Lebanon, a roadside bomb seriously wounds Lt. Col. Samir Shehade, a Lebanese police officer and kills four of his aides. Shehade was involved in the August 2005 arrest of four pro-Syrian Lebanese generals, on suspicion of involvement in the February 2005 assassination of former Lebanese PM Rafik Hariri. ](/news/2006/09/5/in-lebanon-a-roadside-bomb-seriously-wounds-lt-col-samir-shehade-a-lebanese-police-officer-and-kills-four-of-his-aides-shehade-was-inv.md) _Context: Lebanon, Rafik Hariri_
3. [ The United Nations Security Council passed a UNSC resolution (S/RES/1636 (2005)) which requests urgently and forcefully Syria's full cooperation with the investigation into the assassination of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri. ](/news/2005/11/1/the-united-nations-security-council-passed-a-unsc-resolution-s-res-1636-2005-which-requests-urgently-and-forcefully-syria-s-full-cooper.md) _Context: Lebanon, Rafik Hariri_
4. [ A United Nations investigation headed by Detlev Mehlis has found that high-ranking members of the Syrian and Lebanese governments were involved in the assassination of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri. ](/news/2005/10/21/a-united-nations-investigation-headed-by-detlev-mehlis-has-found-that-high-ranking-members-of-the-syrian-and-lebanese-governments-were-invo.md) _Context: Lebanon, Rafik Hariri_
5. [ A United Nations investigation has concluded that Rafik Hariri, the former Prime Minister of Lebanon, was killed by a truck bomb. ](/news/2005/06/17/a-united-nations-investigation-has-concluded-that-rafik-hariri-the-former-prime-minister-of-lebanon-was-killed-by-a-truck-bomb.md) _Context: Lebanon, Rafik Hariri_
6. [ Former Lebanese minister Bassel Fleihan dies of wounds he received in the bombing that killed Rafik Hariri. [http://www.dailystar.com.lb/article.asp?edition_id=1&categ_id=2&article_id=14393 (Daily Star)] [http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/L18443532.htm (Reuters AlertNet)] [http://edition.cnn.com/2005/WORLD/meast/04/18/lebanon.death.ap/ (CNN)] (Link dead as of 04:02, 16 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/04/18/former-lebanese-minister-bassel-fleihan-dies-of-wounds-he-received-in-the-bombing-that-killed-rafik-hariri-http-www-dailystar-com-lb-ar.md) _Context: Lebanon, Rafik Hariri_
7. [ In Lebanon, Michel Abu Arraj, a judge investigating the murder of Rafik Hariri, asks to step down from the case prior to public announcement of the results of the United Nations investigation. ](/news/2005/03/23/in-lebanon-michel-abu-arraj-a-judge-investigating-the-murder-of-rafik-hariri-asks-to-step-down-from-the-case-prior-to-public-announcemen.md) _Context: Lebanon, Rafik Hariri_
8. [ In Lebanon, United Nations team that investigates murder of Rafik Hariri, completes its mission. They will present their findings to secretary general Kofi Annan in New York ](/news/2005/03/15/in-lebanon-united-nations-team-that-investigates-murder-of-rafik-hariri-completes-its-mission-they-will-present-their-findings-to-secret.md) _Context: Lebanon, Rafik Hariri_
9. [ Following week-long public protests (in the wake of Rafik Hariri's assassination) and a no confidence vote, the entire government of Lebanon resigns. ](/news/2005/02/28/following-week-long-public-protests-in-the-wake-of-rafik-hariri-s-assassination-and-a-no-confidence-vote-the-entire-government-of-lebano.md) _Context: Lebanon, Rafik Hariri_
10. [ The UN Secretary General, Kofi Annan, is sending a team of experts to Lebanon to investigate the killing of the former prime minister, Rafik Hariri. ](/news/2005/02/19/the-un-secretary-general-kofi-annan-is-sending-a-team-of-experts-to-lebanon-to-investigate-the-killing-of-the-former-prime-minister-rafi.md) _Context: Lebanon, Rafik Hariri_
