### [2006-11-13](/news/2006/11/13/index.md)

#  Rwandan President Paul Kagame denies previous reports that quoted him as saying Rwanda would invade the Democratic Republic of Congo to deal with Hutu rebel groups responsible for the Rwandan genocide. 




### Source:

1. [AlertNet](http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/L13107242.htm)

### Related:

1. [A French court sentences two former Rwandan mayors of the town of Kabarondo to life in prison on charges of crimes against humanity and genocide committed during the Rwandan Genocide in 1994. During the genocide, Hutu extremists massacred over 2,000 Tutsi who sought refuge in the town. ](/news/2016/07/7/a-french-court-sentences-two-former-rwandan-mayors-of-the-town-of-kabarondo-to-life-in-prison-on-charges-of-crimes-against-humanity-and-geno.md) _Context: Hutu, Rwanda, Rwandan Genocide_
2. [Nestor Louis Michel calls Rwandan President Paul Kagame a "great leader" ("groot leider"). Kagame has been accused of war crimes during Rwanda's invasion of the DR Congo in 1996, and of having led a subsequent proxy war against the DR Congo by arming the CNDP until January 20, 2009. Congo currently accuses Rwandan defence officials of supporting a new destabilisation of East Congo. Louis Michel urges the international community for "more time" to "objectivate the facts first" before taking any action. ](/news/2012/09/9/nestor-louis-michel-calls-rwandan-president-paul-kagame-a-great-leader-groot-leider-kagame-has-been-accused-of-war-crimes-during-rwan.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo, Paul Kagame, Rwanda_
3. [Rwandan genocide suspect Bernard Munyagishari is arrested, accused of murdering Tutsis and moderate Hutus in 1994. ](/news/2011/05/26/rwandan-genocide-suspect-bernard-munyagishari-is-arrested-accused-of-murdering-tutsis-and-moderate-hutus-in-1994.md) _Context: Hutu, Rwanda, Rwandan Genocide_
4. [A French court orders the transfer of Rwandan Hutu leader, Callixte Mbarushimana, arrested in France for his involvement in the Rwandan Genocide, to the International Criminal Court in The Hague. ](/news/2011/01/6/a-french-court-orders-the-transfer-of-rwandan-hutu-leader-callixte-mbarushimana-arrested-in-france-for-his-involvement-in-the-rwandan-geno.md) _Context: Hutu, Rwanda, Rwandan Genocide_
5. [ Democratic Republic of Congo transfers Grgoire Ndahimana to the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda (ICTR) to stand trial for the massacre of at least 2,000 Rwandan Tutsis during the 1994 genocide. ](/news/2009/09/20/democratic-republic-of-congo-transfers-gregoire-ndahimana-to-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-rwanda-ictr-to-stand-trial-for-the-m.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo, Rwanda, Rwandan Genocide_
6. [ The Presidents of Democratic Republic of Congo and Rwanda, Joseph Kabila and Paul Kagame, pledge to boost economic and security ties after a rare meeting. ](/news/2009/08/6/the-presidents-of-democratic-republic-of-congo-and-rwanda-joseph-kabila-and-paul-kagame-pledge-to-boost-economic-and-security-ties-after.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo, Paul Kagame, Rwanda_
7. [ The Rwandan Defense Forces and Congolese Armed Forces jointly search the Democratic Republic of the Congo for Hutu leaders who participated in the 1994 Rwandan genocide. ](/news/2009/01/20/the-rwandan-defense-forces-and-congolese-armed-forces-jointly-search-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-for-hutu-leaders-who-participated.md) _Context: Hutu, Rwanda, Rwandan Genocide_
8. [ Rwanda breaks off diplomatic relations with France after a French judge, Jean-Louis Bruguire, issues warrants for the arrest of President of Rwanda Paul Kagame and nine associates for their alleged involvement in the shooting down of a plane carrying former President Juvenal Habyarimana. The incident sparked the Rwandan Genocide in 1994. ](/news/2006/11/24/rwanda-breaks-off-diplomatic-relations-with-france-after-a-french-judge-jean-louis-bruguiere-issues-warrants-for-the-arrest-of-president.md) _Context: Paul Kagame, Rwanda, Rwandan Genocide_
9. [ Rwandan defense minister general Marcel Gatsinzi apologizes for being part of the Hutu government during the 1994 Rwandan genocide, the first time anyone from that government has done so. ](/news/2005/05/19/rwandan-defense-minister-general-marcel-gatsinzi-apologizes-for-being-part-of-the-hutu-government-during-the-1994-rwandan-genocide-the-fir.md) _Context: Hutu, Rwanda, Rwandan Genocide_
10. [Rwandan presidential election, 2017. Voters in Rwanda go to the polls to elect their president. Paul Kagame, incumbent since 2000, referred to the election as a formality, despite challenges from the Democratic Greens' Frank Habineza and independent Philippe Mpayimana. Kagame is re-elected with 98.66 of the vote. ](/news/2017/08/4/rwandan-presidential-election-2017-voters-in-rwanda-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-their-president-paul-kagame-incumbent-since-2000-referred.md) _Context: Paul Kagame, Rwanda_
