### [2015-01-4](/news/2015/01/4/index.md)

# Pope Francis announces the appointment of 20 new Cardinals, many of them coming from outside of Europe. 

Pope Francis on Sunday named new cardinals to the group that will choose his successor, with appointments that strengthened the Catholic Church in Asia, Africa and Latin America and further shifted its power center away from the developed world.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/01/04/us-pope-cardinals-idUSKBN0KD08L20150104)
1. [Cover Image](http://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20150104&t=2&i=1012240719&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXMPEB0304X)

### Related:

1. [Pope Francis appoints twenty new cardinals resulting in a majority of members of the College of Cardinals being from outside Europe for the first time ever. ](/news/2015/02/14/pope-francis-appoints-twenty-new-cardinals-resulting-in-a-majority-of-members-of-the-college-of-cardinals-being-from-outside-europe-for-the.md) _Context: Cardinal, Europe, Pope Francis_
2. [Pope Francis, in his annual pre-Christmas speech, urged the Roman Curia (cardinals and bishops who direct Holy See actions), to follow his "catalogue of virtues," e.g., to show more maturity, honesty, humility, and sobriety in their tasks. He listed "Curial antibiotics" to treat the "15 ailments of the Curia" he outlined last year and which still plague the Vatican. ](/news/2015/12/21/pope-francis-in-his-annual-pre-christmas-speech-urged-the-roman-curia-cardinals-and-bishops-who-direct-holy-see-actions-to-follow-his.md) _Context: Cardinal, Pope Francis_
3. [Pope Francis asks Catholic faithful in Europe to host refugee families fleeing death from war and hunger, and announces the Vatican's two churches will welcome two families of refugees. ](/news/2015/09/6/pope-francis-asks-catholic-faithful-in-europe-to-host-refugee-families-fleeing-death-from-war-and-hunger-and-announces-the-vatican-s-two-ch.md) _Context: Europe, Pope Francis_
4. [Pope Francis creates 19 new cardinals in a ceremony at St Peter's Basilica in Rome. In addition, the Pope emeritus Benedict XVI makes his first public appearance at the Vatican since his resignation in 2013. ](/news/2014/02/22/pope-francis-creates-19-new-cardinals-in-a-ceremony-at-st-peter-s-basilica-in-rome-in-addition-the-pope-emeritus-benedict-xvi-makes-his-fi.md) _Context: Cardinal, Pope Francis_
5. [Pope Francis, responding to FARC rebel leader Rodrigo Londono's open letter asking for forgiveness for the suffering the group had inflicted on the country during his talk in Villavicencio, urges Colombians skeptical of the peace deal to be open to reconciliation. ](/news/2017/09/8/pope-francis-responding-to-farc-rebel-leader-rodrigo-londoa-o-s-open-letter-asking-for-forgiveness-for-the-suffering-the-group-had-inflicte.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
6. [Pope Francis arrives in Colombia for a five-day visit. In early 2016, Francis promised he would visit the South American country once a civil war peace agreement was in place. ](/news/2017/09/6/pope-francis-arrives-in-colombia-for-a-five-day-visit-in-early-2016-francis-promised-he-would-visit-the-south-american-country-once-a-civi.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
7. [The Venerable Rev. Father Stanley Rother, a priest of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Oklahoma City (born in Okarche, Oklahoma), is beatified at the Cox Convention Center in Oklahoma City by Cardinal Angelo Amato, head of the sainthood Congregation in the Roman Curia and Pope Francis's delegate. Rother, who became a missionary, was assassinated in July 1981 in the poor rural village of Santiago Atitlan, Guatemala, and is the first Catholic martyr born a citizen of the United States. ](/news/2017/09/23/the-venerable-rev-father-stanley-rother-a-priest-of-the-roman-catholic-archdiocese-of-oklahoma-city-born-in-okarche-oklahoma-is-beatif.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
8. [Pope Francis ousts conservative cardinal Gerhard Ludwig Muller. ](/news/2017/07/1/pope-francis-ousts-conservative-cardinal-gerhard-ludwig-ma1-4ller.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
9. [Victoria Police charge Cardinal George Pell, the Prefect of the Secretariat for the Economy, and the third most senior official of the Catholic Church, with historic child sex offences. Pell will be required to attend hearings at the Melbourne Magistrates Court in Australia on July 19. ](/news/2017/06/29/victoria-police-charge-cardinal-george-pell-the-prefect-of-the-secretariat-for-the-economy-and-the-third-most-senior-official-of-the-catho.md) _Context: Cardinal_
10. [Pope Francis criticizes naming the U.S. military's biggest non-nuclear explosive as the Mother of All Bombs, saying that the word "mother" should not be used in reference to a deadly weapon. ](/news/2017/05/6/pope-francis-criticizes-naming-the-u-s-military-s-biggest-non-nuclear-explosive-as-the-mother-of-all-bombs-saying-that-the-word-mother-s.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
