### [2009-07-7](/news/2009/07/7/index.md)

#  Al Franken is sworn in as a U.S. Senator, the 60th caucusing with the Democratic Party which is a filibuster-proof majority. 




### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://thecaucus.blogs.nytimes.com/2009/07/07/and-heres-senator-franken/)

### Related:

1. [  The Minnesota Supreme Court orders that Al Franken be certified winner of the state's Senate election. ](/news/2009/06/30/the-minnesota-supreme-court-orders-that-al-franken-be-certified-winner-of-the-state-s-senate-election.md) _Context: Al Franken, U.S. Senator_
2. [ Minnesota's State Canvassing Board certifies Democratic candidate Al Franken as the winner of the senatorial election recount. Republican Senator Norm Coleman, whose term officially expired January 3, intends to file a lawsuit challenging the decision. ](/news/2009/01/5/minnesota-s-state-canvassing-board-certifies-democratic-candidate-al-franken-as-the-winner-of-the-senatorial-election-recount-republican-s.md) _Context: Al Franken, U.S. Senator_
3. [ United States Senate election in Georgia, 2008: Voters in the U.S. state of Georgia go to the polls for a runoff election between incumbent Senator Saxby Chambliss of the Republican Party and Jim Martin of the Democratic Party. Chambliss is reelected, ending the Democratic Party's hopes of having 60 Senators to avoid a filibuster. [http://www.reuters.com/article/politicsNews/idUSTRE4B11I120081202 (Reuters)], (''[http://www.nytimes.com/2008/12/03/us/politics/03georgia.html?_r=1&hp New York Times]'')](/news/2008/12/2/united-states-senate-election-in-georgia-2008-voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-georgia-go-to-the-polls-for-a-runoff-election-between-incumbent.md) _Context: Democratic, filibuster_
4. [ Al Franken wins a primary election for the Minnesota Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party to challenge incumbent Senator Norm Coleman in the Minnesota Senate election. ](/news/2008/09/9/al-franken-wins-a-primary-election-for-the-minnesota-democraticafarmeralabor-party-to-challenge-incumbent-senator-norm-coleman-in-the-m.md) _Context: Al Franken, U.S. Senator_
5. [Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia.  ](/news/2017/04/18/democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u-s-house-seat-vacated-by-tom-price-now-health-and-human-serv.md) _Context: Democratic_
6. [The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-primaries-neurosurgeon-ben-carson-and-gover.md) _Context: Democratic_
7. [The former Democratic National Committee chair and ex-CNN contributor Donna Brazile admits that she had forwarded some debate questions to Hillary Clinton's campaign during last year's Democratic primary before two debates with Bernie Sanders. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-former-democratic-national-committee-chair-and-ex-cnn-contributor-donna-brazile-admits-that-she-had-forwarded-some-debate-questions-to-h.md) _Context: Democratic_
8. [A declassified U.S. intelligence report claims that Vladimir Putin ordered a campaign to influence the U.S. presidential election against Democratic Party candidate Hillary Clinton. ](/news/2017/01/6/a-declassified-u-s-intelligence-report-claims-that-vladimir-putin-ordered-a-campaign-to-influence-the-u-s-presidential-election-against-de.md) _Context: Democratic_
9. [John N. Kennedy of the Republican Party defeats Foster Campbell of the Democratic Party to become the junior Senator for Louisiana. ](/news/2016/12/10/john-n-kennedy-of-the-republican-party-defeats-foster-campbell-of-the-democratic-party-to-become-the-junior-senator-for-louisiana.md) _Context: Democratic_
10. [United States presidential election and general elections, 2016Although he narrowly lost the popular vote, Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for the 2016 presidential election, becomes the president-elect of the United States after defeating Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee in the electoral college. It is the fifth time in United States history where the winning candidate lost the popular vote, the last such defeat occurring in 2000.The Republican Party retains control of the House and Senate. ](/news/2016/11/9/united-states-presidential-election-and-general-elections-2016palthough-he-narrowly-lost-the-popular-vote-donald-trump-the-republican-nom.md) _Context: Democratic_
