### [2009-07-7](/news/2009/07/7/index.md)

#  An institutional child abuse museum is suggested in Ireland by the Labour Party's Ruairi Quinn, with Education Minister Batt O'Keeffe criticising the Opposition on the issue. 




### Source:

1. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2009/0707/memorial.html)

### Related:

1. [ Irish Minister for Education and Science Batt O'Keeffe apologises for the postponement of a Leaving Certificate Examination. ](/news/2009/06/4/irish-minister-for-education-and-science-batt-o-keeffe-apologises-for-the-postponement-of-a-leaving-certificate-examination.md) _Context: Batt O'Keeffe, Education Minister, Republic of Ireland_
2. [Voters in Ireland go to the polls for a general election. Exit polls indicate that the ruling coalition of Fine Gael party led by Enda Kenny and the Labour Party will fall short of re-election with 34% of the vote between them. ](/news/2016/02/26/voters-in-ireland-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-exit-polls-indicate-that-the-ruling-coalition-of-fine-gael-party-led-by-enda-kenny.md) _Context: Labour Party, Republic of Ireland_
3. [Ireland's Minister of State for Primary Care Risn Shortall resigns due to a dispute with Minister for Health James Reilly. She also resigns from the Labour Party. ](/news/2012/09/26/ireland-s-minister-of-state-for-primary-care-roisin-shortall-resigns-due-to-a-dispute-with-minister-for-health-james-reilly-she-also-resign.md) _Context: Labour Party, Republic of Ireland_
4. [British police undercover spy ring operating across Europe:Veteran Labour Party TD Michael D. Higgins writes to the Irish Department of Justice regarding the activities of undercover British police officer Mark Kennedy, who infiltrated protest movements across Europe, including several on Republic of Ireland territory. He describes it as "of grave concern" and that "this type of activity undermines respect for the law and it is very sinister in that it can damage good causes." ](/news/2011/01/15/british-police-undercover-spy-ring-operating-across-europe-pveteran-labour-party-td-michael-d-higgins-writes-to-the-irish-department-of-jus.md) _Context: Labour Party, Republic of Ireland_
5. [Veteran Irish Labour Party TD Michael D. Higgins demands that the British government explain why one of Britain's undercover policemen was operating on Republic of Ireland territory on May Day 2004, as the European Union expanded to the east. Higgins compares it to illegal activities carried out by British state agents in the same country during the 1970s. ](/news/2011/01/14/veteran-irish-labour-party-td-michael-d-higgins-demands-that-the-british-government-explain-why-one-of-britain-s-undercover-policemen-was-o.md) _Context: Labour Party, Republic of Ireland_
6. [Ireland's Labour Party tops an opinion poll, the first time in the country's history that this has occurred and an event which would "radically alter" Irish politics in a general election. ](/news/2010/06/10/ireland-s-labour-party-tops-an-opinion-poll-the-first-time-in-the-country-s-history-that-this-has-occurred-and-an-event-which-would-radica.md) _Context: Labour Party, Republic of Ireland_
7. [ A national memorial is to be erected and a national day of remembrance is considered in Ireland for victims of child abuse. ](/news/2009/07/28/a-national-memorial-is-to-be-erected-and-a-national-day-of-remembrance-is-considered-in-ireland-for-victims-of-child-abuse.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland, child abuse_
8. [European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expatriates.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland_
9. [A mass grave is discovered at a former Catholic orphanage in Tuam, Ireland, containing "significant quantities of human remains", all of them children. It is alleged over 800 children died at this orphanage and most were buried in the 1950s. ](/news/2017/03/3/a-mass-grave-is-discovered-at-a-former-catholic-orphanage-in-tuam-ireland-containing-asignificant-quantities-of-human-remainsa-all-of.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland_
10. [Georgia's visa-free regime, which allows travel to most member states of the European Union, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom, enters into force. ](/news/2017/03/28/georgia-s-visa-free-regime-which-allows-travel-to-most-member-states-of-the-european-union-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-ki.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland_
