### [2011-09-6](/news/2011/09/6/index.md)

# A wildfire destroys at least 118,500 acres and destroys over 700 homes in Central Texas since Saturday with two deaths. 

A raging wildfire near Austin, Texas, killed two people, officials said Tuesday, as firefighters fought to gain the upper hand against flames, wind and fatigue.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2011/US/09/06/texas.fires/index.html)
2. [Houston Chronicle](http://www.chron.com/news/houston-texas/article/Texas-wildfires-claim-2-lives-2158303.php)

### Related:

1. [French Riviera: Wildfires prompt the evacuation of 12,000 people along the French Riviera, while more than 4,000 firefighters and French Armed Forces personnel backed by 19 water-bomber planes are mobilised to extinguish the flames. ](/news/2017/07/26/french-riviera-wildfires-prompt-the-evacuation-of-12-000-people-along-the-french-riviera-while-more-than-4-000-firefighters-and-french-arm.md) _Context: Wildfire_
2. [2017 heat wave in Europe: Firefighters battle wildfires across southern France, including one in Corsica. ](/news/2017/07/25/2017-heat-wave-in-europe-firefighters-battle-wildfires-across-southern-france-including-one-in-corsica.md) _Context: Wildfire_
3. [2016 Southeastern United States wildfires: At least three deaths and several injuries caused by wildfires in Tennessee are reported near Dolly Parton's Dollywood resort. ](/news/2016/11/30/2016-southeastern-united-states-wildfires-at-least-three-deaths-and-several-injuries-caused-by-wildfires-in-tennessee-are-reported-near-dol.md) _Context: Wildfire_
4. [2016 Portugal wildfires: A raging wildfire destroys dozens of homes and prompts the evacuation of more than 400 people from Portugal's Madeira island as flames spread near the island's capital, Funchal. Regional President Miguel Albuquerque says one person had suffered serious burns and scores of others had needed treatment for the effects of smoke. Flights have also been disrupted at Madeira Airport due to smoke. ](/news/2016/08/9/2016-portugal-wildfires-a-raging-wildfire-destroys-dozens-of-homes-and-prompts-the-evacuation-of-more-than-400-people-from-portugal-s-madei.md) _Context: Wildfire_
5. [2016 Calabasas fire: Firefighters have contained about 80 percent of the 516-acre brush fire in Calabasas, California. Evacuation orders affecting at least 5,000 people in the Los Angeles area are being lifted. The fire started yesterday when a pickup truck struck a power pole. ](/news/2016/06/5/2016-calabasas-fire-firefighters-have-contained-about-80-percent-of-the-516-acre-brush-fire-in-calabasas-california-evacuation-orders-aff.md) _Context: Wildfire_
6. [Erskine Fire: 2016 California wildfires: A massive wildfire destroys at least 150 homes and leaves two people dead in Kern County, California. The Governor of California Jerry Brown declares a state of emergency for Kern County as more homes are threatened by the fire. ](/news/2016/06/25/erskine-fire-2016-california-wildfires-a-massive-wildfire-destroys-at-least-150-homes-and-leaves-two-people-dead-in-kern-county-californi.md) _Context: Wildfire_
7. [A wildfire in Santa Barbara County, California doubles in size overnight to 4,000 acres. The Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Office says mandatory evacuations remain in effect for areas such as El Capitan State Beach. The blaze was currently 5% contained, according to Los Padres National Forest officials. ](/news/2016/06/17/a-wildfire-in-santa-barbara-county-california-doubles-in-size-overnight-to-4-000-acres-the-santa-barbara-county-sheriff-s-office-says-mand.md) _Context: Wildfire_
8. [May 2016 Fort McMurray wildfire: A mandatory evacuation order for more than 29,000 people remains in place for the Canadian town of Fort McMurray, Alberta, which is threatened by an out of control wildfire. ](/news/2016/05/3/may-2016-fort-mcmurray-wildfire-a-mandatory-evacuation-order-for-more-than-29-000-people-remains-in-place-for-the-canadian-town-of-fort-mcm.md) _Context: Wildfire_
9. [2015-16 Australian bushfire season: A bushfire in Victoria state has destroyed 116 homes. The 2200-hectare Jamieson Track blaze razed 98 homes in Wye River and 18 at Separation Creek. The fire stopped just 500 meters short of Kennett River. A dousing of rain on Saturday was unlikely to do much in the long term as this blaze could continue into January or February, says emergency management commissioner Craig Lapsley. No injuries are reported. ](/news/2015/12/26/2015-16-australian-bushfire-season-a-bushfire-in-victoria-state-has-destroyed-116-homes-the-2200-hectare-jamieson-track-blaze-razed-98-h.md) _Context: Wildfire_
10. [Hidden Pines Fire: At least 70 homes have been destroyed by a raging wildfire in Bastrop County, central Texas. The Texas A&M Forest Service reports the blaze in Bastrop County is currently 80 percent contained. ](/news/2015/10/20/hidden-pines-fire-at-least-70-homes-have-been-destroyed-by-a-raging-wildfire-in-bastrop-county-central-texas-the-texas-a-m-forest-service.md) _Context: Wildfire_
