### [2011-09-6](/news/2011/09/6/index.md)

# English musician PJ Harvey wins her second Mercury Prize for best album from the United Kingdom and Ireland for her album ''Let England Shake''. 




### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://artsbeat.blogs.nytimes.com/2011/09/06/p-j-harvey-nabs-a-second-mercury-prize/)

### Related:

1. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Ireland, United Kingdom_
2. [The fourth named windstorm of the season makes landfall across the United Kingdom and Ireland, bringing high winds and serious flooding. ](/news/2015/12/5/the-fourth-named-windstorm-of-the-season-makes-landfall-across-the-united-kingdom-and-ireland-bringing-high-winds-and-serious-flooding.md) _Context: Ireland, United Kingdom_
3. [Myanmar tops the 2015 Charities Aid Foundation's World Giving Index which measures each country's charitable behavior. Individuals indicate whether they have donated money, volunteered, or helped a stranger in the past month. The United States, which tied with Myanmar last year, is second, followed by New Zealand, Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Sri Lanka, Ireland, and Malaysia. ](/news/2015/11/10/myanmar-tops-the-2015-charities-aid-foundation-s-world-giving-index-which-measures-each-country-s-charitable-behavior-individuals-indicate.md) _Context: Ireland, United Kingdom_
4. [In Amenas hostage crisis:Suspected Islamic militants take over a BP facility in In Amenas, Algeria, killing at least 2 workers and taking up to 40 others hostage, including 13 Norwegians, a number of Americans, as well as nationals from Ireland, Japan, France and the United Kingdom. A previously unknown group allied to al-Qaeda's regional branch says the attack is in revenge for Algeria's support of the French operation against Islamic rebels in Mali. ](/news/2013/01/16/in-ama-c-nas-hostage-crisis-psuspected-islamic-militants-take-over-a-bp-facility-in-in-ama-c-nas-algeria-killing-at-least-2-workers-and-taking.md) _Context: Ireland, United Kingdom_
5. [Myanmar democracy activist Aung San Suu Kyi returns to Europe after more than two decades for a European tour, including Norway, Switzerland, France, Ireland and Britain. ](/news/2012/06/13/myanmar-democracy-activist-aung-san-suu-kyi-returns-to-europe-after-more-than-two-decades-for-a-european-tour-including-norway-switzerland.md) _Context: Ireland, United Kingdom_
6. [Law enforcement agencies in the United States, United Kingdom and Ireland arrest alleged senior members of the computer hacking group Lulz Sec, including a member of the FBI. ](/news/2012/03/6/law-enforcement-agencies-in-the-united-states-united-kingdom-and-ireland-arrest-alleged-senior-members-of-the-computer-hacking-group-lulz-s.md) _Context: Ireland, United Kingdom_
7. [Following severe flooding in Ireland and parts of the United Kingdom, two apparent flood deaths are reported in the Irish capital Dublin. ](/news/2011/10/25/following-severe-flooding-in-ireland-and-parts-of-the-united-kingdom-two-apparent-flood-deaths-are-reported-in-the-irish-capital-dublin.md) _Context: Ireland, United Kingdom_
8. [G20 summitLeaders from Germany, France and the United Kingdom hold an emergency meeting at the 2010 G-20 Seoul summit after panic selling of Irish debt spreads to Spain and Portugal. ](/news/2010/11/12/g20-summitpleaders-from-germany-france-and-the-united-kingdom-hold-an-emergency-meeting-at-the-2010-g-20-seoul-summit-after-panic-selling-o.md) _Context: Ireland, United Kingdom_
9. [The United Kingdom, on Friday, did not derive energy from any coal-fired source, the first continuous 24-hour, coal-free period for the UK since use of the fossil fuel began. Coal accounted for just 9 percent of the electricity generated last year. ](/news/2017/04/22/the-united-kingdom-on-friday-did-not-derive-energy-from-any-coal-fired-source-the-first-continuous-24-hour-coal-free-period-for-the-uk-s.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
10. [British sports retailer Sports Direct agreed to acquire the American retail chains Bob's Stores and Eastern Mountain Sports for $101 million out of bankruptcy. ](/news/2017/04/21/british-sports-retailer-sports-direct-agreed-to-acquire-the-american-retail-chains-bob-s-stores-and-eastern-mountain-sports-for-101-million.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
