### [2012-03-27](/news/2012/03/27/index.md)

# The United States Department of Justice says that it will not invoke antitrust laws to stop the merger of Humana with Arcadian Management Services, two important health insurance companies. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/03/27/us-arcadian-humana-antitrust-idUSBRE82Q0XL20120327)

### Related:

1. [John D. Bates, United States federal judge for the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, blocks a proposed merger by health insurance companies Aetna and Humana. ](/news/2017/01/23/john-d-bates-united-states-federal-judge-for-the-united-states-district-court-for-the-district-of-columbia-blocks-a-proposed-merger-by-he.md) _Context: Humana, health insurance_
2. [American health insurer Aetna agrees to buy competitor Humana in a $37 billion deal. ](/news/2015/07/3/american-health-insurer-aetna-agrees-to-buy-competitor-humana-in-a-37-billion-deal.md) _Context: Humana, health insurance_
3. [Health care in the United States: The U.S. Department of Justice charges 412 individuals with health care fraud. Collectively, these individuals are accused of collectively defrauding $1.3 billion from the U.S. government. ](/news/2017/07/13/health-care-in-the-united-states-the-u-s-department-of-justice-charges-412-individuals-with-health-care-fraud-collectively-these-individ.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice_
4. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections: After "The Intercept" publishes a classified NSA document describing Russian efforts to launch cyberattacks on U.S. voting software suppliers, the United States Department of Justice announces it had brought charges upon Reality Winner, the alleged leaker. ](/news/2017/06/5/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-after-the-intercept-publishes-a-classified-nsa-document-describing-russian-effor.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice_
5. [United States immigration ban: The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/united-states-immigration-ban-the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-m.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice_
6. [U.S. immigration suspension, "State of Washington v. Trump": Trump's travel ban remains suspended as the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denies the Justice Department's request to stay the ruling which blocks major portions of the executive order. ](/news/2017/02/5/u-s-immigration-suspension-state-of-washington-v-trump-trump-s-travel-ban-remains-suspended-as-the-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-ninth.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice_
7. [An act to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act: A leaked memo from House Republicans reveals cutting provisions from Obamacare such as Medicaid expansions and subsidies for health insurance. ](/news/2017/02/25/an-act-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-a-leaked-memo-from-house-republicans-reveals-cutting-provisions-from-obamac.md) _Context: health insurance_
8. [Legal challenges to U.S. immigration suspension order: The U.S. Justice Department tells the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals that it won't be seeking further action by the court since this executive order will soon be replaced by a different one. Justice added they expect the Ninth Circuit ruling will be vacated once the new executive order is issued. ](/news/2017/02/16/legal-challenges-to-u-s-immigration-suspension-order-the-u-s-justice-department-tells-the-ninth-circuit-court-of-appeals-that-it-won-t-be.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice_
9. [Aetna and Humana terminate their proposed merger that had been blocked last month by a U.S. federal judge. Aetna announces it will pay Humana the $1 billion fee for calling off the agreement. ](/news/2017/02/14/aetna-and-humana-terminate-their-proposed-merger-that-had-been-blocked-last-month-by-a-u-s-federal-judge-aetna-announces-it-will-pay-human.md) _Context: Humana_
10. [ Alaska Airlines: The U.S. Justice Department (DOJ) issues final approval for Alaska Airlines to acquire Virgin America, in a US$2.6 billion dollar merger. In exchange for approval, the DOJ requires Alaska Airlines to reduce its partnership with American Airlines. ](/news/2016/12/6/alaska-airlines-the-u-s-justice-department-doj-issues-final-approval-for-alaska-airlines-to-acquire-virgin-america-in-a-us-2-6-billion.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice_
