### [2002-09-4](/news/2002/09/4/index.md)

#  Argentina defeated the United States, 87-80, at the World Basketball Championships in Indianapolis, Indiana. It was the first loss ever in international play for a United States team containing National Basketball Association players.




### Related:

1. [ Former basketball referee Tim Donaghy accuses other referees in the National Basketball Association of rigging games, including Game 6 in the 2002 Western Conference Finals, allowing the Los Angeles Lakers to win that game, the series, and ultimately the 2002 NBA Finals. ](/news/2008/06/11/former-basketball-referee-tim-donaghy-accuses-other-referees-in-the-national-basketball-association-of-rigging-games-including-game-6-in-t.md) _Context: NBA's, basketball_
2. [Crime in Argentina: A car knocks down the security fences of the Pink House, the Presidential Palace of Argentina, and then stops in front of the building's gate. The authorities reported that the driver of the vehicle had psychiatric disorders and that, in addition, the security personnel present at the time of the incident was separated from his position. It was also learned that this fact took place on 21 June. ](/news/2017/06/29/crime-in-argentina-a-car-knocks-down-the-security-fences-of-the-pink-house-the-presidential-palace-of-argentina-and-then-stops-in-front-o.md) _Context: Argentina_
3. [Nazi plunder: A secret collection of Nazi heritage is found in Argentina. ](/news/2017/06/20/nazi-plunder-a-secret-collection-of-nazi-heritage-is-found-in-argentina.md) _Context: Argentina_
4. [ Enes Kanter, a Turkish player with the NBA's Oklahoma City Thunder, returns to the U.S. after having been briefly detained in Bucharest. Kanter alleged that his public opposition to Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan and support of exiled Islamic cleric Fethullah Gulen had led to the cancellation of his Turkish passport. ](/news/2017/05/21/enes-kanter-a-turkish-player-with-the-nba-s-oklahoma-city-thunder-returns-to-the-u-s-after-having-been-briefly-detained-in-bucharest-ka.md) _Context: NBA's_
5. [Enes Kanter, a Turkish basketballer playing in the American National Basketball Association, is detained at Henri Coanda International Airport after his Turkish passport was cancelled. ](/news/2017/05/20/enes-kanter-a-turkish-basketballer-playing-in-the-american-national-basketball-association-is-detained-at-henri-coanda-international-airp.md) _Context: NBA's_
6. [A bus traveling to Chile overturns in Argentina's Mendoza Province, killing at least 19 people. ](/news/2017/02/18/a-bus-traveling-to-chile-overturns-in-argentina-s-mendoza-province-killing-at-least-19-people.md) _Context: Argentina_
7. [A 6.2 magnitude earthquake strikes northwest Argentina, near Chilecito in La Rioja Province. No reports of damages or injuries. ](/news/2016/11/13/a-6-2-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-northwest-argentina-near-chilecito-in-la-rioja-province-no-reports-of-damages-or-injuries.md) _Context: Argentina_
8. [Bryce Dejean-Jones, a National Basketball Association player with the New Orleans Pelicans, is shot dead in Dallas, Texas, after breaking down an apartment bedroom door. ](/news/2016/05/28/bryce-dejean-jones-a-national-basketball-association-player-with-the-new-orleans-pelicans-is-shot-dead-in-dallas-texas-after-breaking-do.md) _Context: NBA's_
9. [Five people are dead and five are in hospital after taking ecstasy at an Argentine version of the Time Warp Festival featuring electronic music acts. ](/news/2016/04/16/five-people-are-dead-and-five-are-in-hospital-after-taking-ecstasy-at-an-argentine-version-of-the-time-warp-festival-featuring-electronic-mu.md) _Context: Argentina_
10. [Falkland Islands sovereignty dispute: A United Nations commission rules in favour of Argentina to expand its maritime territory in the South Atlantic Ocean by 35% to include the Falkland Islands and beyond despite Argentina and the United Kingdom still having an unresolved dispute over the islands. ](/news/2016/03/29/falkland-islands-sovereignty-dispute-a-united-nations-commission-rules-in-favour-of-argentina-to-expand-its-maritime-territory-in-the-south.md) _Context: Argentina_
