### [2002-09-4](/news/2002/09/4/index.md)

# Glenn Tilton joined United Airlines as President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.




### Related:

1. [Newark Liberty International Airport in northern New Jersey is closed for almost two hours after flames are spotted coming from a United Airlines Boeing 757 jet engine. All 124 passengers and seven crew members safely evacuate the plane. ](/news/2017/05/23/newark-liberty-international-airport-in-northern-new-jersey-is-closed-for-almost-two-hours-after-flames-are-spotted-coming-from-a-united-air.md) _Context: United Airlines_
2. [United Express Flight 3411 incident. A United Airlines passenger is dragged off a flight at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago. The airline company is under fire because of the mistreatment of the passenger. ](/news/2017/04/9/united-express-flight-3411-incident-a-united-airlines-passenger-is-dragged-off-a-flight-at-o-hare-international-airport-in-chicago-the-air.md) _Context: United Airlines_
3. [United Express Flight 3411 incident. United Airlines CEO Oscar Munoz issues an apology for the removal of a passenger from an overbooked flight on April 9, which has since gone viral. United Airlines stock drops more than 4%, a loss of GBP800 million to the company's value. ](/news/2017/04/11/united-express-flight-3411-incident-united-airlines-ceo-oscar-munoz-issues-an-apology-for-the-removal-of-a-passenger-from-an-overbooked-fli.md) _Context: United Airlines_
4. [United Airlines Flight 880 makes an emergency landing at Shannon Airport in the Republic of Ireland due to "severe and unexpected turbulence". At least 12 people are hospitalized. ](/news/2016/08/31/united-airlines-flight-880-makes-an-emergency-landing-at-shannon-airport-in-the-republic-of-ireland-due-to-severe-and-unexpected-turbulence.md) _Context: United Airlines_
5. [Cuba-United States relations. The United States tentatively approves eight, of 12 that applied, airlines for flights from 10 U.S. cities to Havana as early as this fall: Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Delta Air Lines, Frontier Airlines, JetBlue Airways, Southwest Airlines, Spirit Airlines, and United Airlines. Last month, flights were approved from five U.S. cities to nine other international airports. ](/news/2016/07/7/cuba-united-states-relations-the-united-states-tentatively-approves-eight-of-12-that-applied-airlines-for-flights-from-10-u-s-cities-t.md) _Context: United Airlines_
6. [Transgender rights in the United States. Dozens of chief executive officers of major U.S. technology, biotech, and financial companies urge North Carolina to repeal a new state law forcing transgender people to use rest-rooms and changing-rooms according to the gender on their birth-certificate.](/news/2016/03/29/transgender-rights-in-the-united-states-dozens-of-chief-executive-officers-of-major-u-s-technology-biotech-and-financial-companies-urge.md) _Context: chief executive officer_
7. [Upper Big Branch Mine disaster. A court convicts Donald Blankenship, former CEO of Massey Energy Company, of violating safety standards that led to the deaths of 29 Upper Big Branch mine workers in Montcoal, West Virginia in 2010. He is acquitted of making false statements and deceiving regulators. Blankenship, who faces up to one year in prison and a fine of $250,000, is the most prominent American coal executive ever to be convicted of a charge connected to the deaths of miners. ](/news/2015/12/3/upper-big-branch-mine-disaster-a-court-convicts-donald-blankenship-former-ceo-of-massey-energy-company-of-violating-safety-standards-that.md) _Context: chief executive officer_
8. [Jeff Smisek resigns as CEO of United Airlines due to allegations that he tried to improperly influence officials at the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. ](/news/2015/09/8/jeff-smisek-resigns-as-ceo-of-united-airlines-due-to-allegations-that-he-tried-to-improperly-influence-officials-at-the-port-authority-of-ne.md) _Context: United Airlines_
9. [A ground stop of all U.S. airport-based United Airlines (UAL) mainline flights following a system-wide network connectivity issue is lifted after a 1 hour, 21 minute suspension of morning service. The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), which is also investigating, says all of United Continental Holdings Inc. regional airlines are now unaffected. This follows a similar issue on June 2, 2015 due to automation problems. ](/news/2015/07/8/a-ground-stop-of-all-u-s-airport-based-united-airlines-ual-mainline-flights-following-a-system-wide-network-connectivity-issue-is-lifted.md) _Context: United Airlines_
10. [2016 United States Presidential election. Former Hewlett-Packard Chief Executive Officer Carly Fiorina announces that she will be seeking the Republican Party nomination for the 2016 presidential election. ](/news/2015/05/4/2016-united-states-presidential-election-former-hewlett-packard-chief-executive-officer-carly-fiorina-announces-that-she-will-be-seeking-th.md) _Context: chief executive officer_
