### [2013-01-6](/news/2013/01/6/index.md)

# 2012-2013 Central African Republic rebellion:: South Africa announces it will send 400 more soldiers to the Central African Republic in an effort to assist the current regime, which faces a potential attack by the Seleka rebel coalition on the capital. 

South Africa is sending more soldiers to support government troops in the Central African Republic, where rebels are threatening the capital.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-20928352)

### Related:

1. [Central African Republic conflict (2012-present):: South Africa's President Jacob Zuma announces full withdrawal from the Central African Republic after criticism over death of 13 soldiers during the fall of the government there. ](/news/2013/04/4/central-african-republic-conflict-2012-present-south-africa-s-president-jacob-zuma-announces-full-withdrawal-from-the-central-african.md) _Context: Central African Republic, South Africa_
2. [2012-13 Central African Republic conflict:: After declaring himself President of the Central African Republic, Seleka chief Michel Djotodia says that he has suspended the constitution of the country and dissolved its parliament. ](/news/2013/03/26/2012-13-central-african-republic-conflict-after-declaring-himself-president-of-the-central-african-republic-seleka-chief-michel-djotodi.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Seleka_
3. [2012-13 Central African Republic conflict:: Seleka chief Michel Djotodia declares himself President of the Central African Republic and promises to retain power-sharing government as part of peace deal and put end to looting. ](/news/2013/03/25/2012-13-central-african-republic-conflict-seleka-chief-michel-djotodia-declares-himself-president-of-the-central-african-republic-and-pr.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Seleka_
4. [2012-13 Central African Republic conflict:: All non-essential United Nations staff are removed from Central African Republic, as Seleka rebels move to within 75km of the capital, Bangui. ](/news/2013/03/23/2012-13-central-african-republic-conflict-all-non-essential-united-nations-staff-are-removed-from-central-african-republic-as-seleka-re.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Seleka_
5. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:: Chad sends troops to the Central African Republic to help defend the town of Bria from the Seleka rebel coalition. ](/news/2012/12/19/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-chad-sends-troops-to-the-central-african-republic-to-help-defend-the-town-of-bria-from-the-seleka.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Seleka_
6. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:: A coalition of rebel groups called "Seleka" take over the Central African Republic mining town of Bria, killing at least 15 government soldiers. The group is spearheaded by UFDR forces and has already taken five towns in its two-week offensive, which it claims is because of a lack of progress after a peace deal ended the 2004-2007 Bush War. Following an appeal for help from President Francois Bozize, the President of Chad Idriss Deby sends 20 vehicles of heavily armed troops to help quell the rebellion. ](/news/2012/12/18/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-a-coalition-of-rebel-groups-called-seleka-take-over-the-central-african-republic-mining-town-of.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Seleka_
7. [A truck overloaded with passengers crashes near Bambari, Central African Republic, killing at least 78 people and leaving dozens more injured. ](/news/2017/07/5/a-truck-overloaded-with-passengers-crashes-near-bambari-central-african-republic-killing-at-least-78-people-and-leaving-dozens-more-injure.md) _Context: Central African Republic_
8. [South African Premier Division: Two people die and 17 others are injured in a stampede at the First National Bank Stadium in Soweto, near Johannesburg, South Africa, during a soccer match between Orlando Pirates and Kaizer Chiefs. ](/news/2017/07/29/south-african-premier-division-two-people-die-and-17-others-are-injured-in-a-stampede-at-the-first-national-bank-stadium-in-soweto-near-jo.md) _Context: South Africa_
9. [Wildfires in South Africa: Up to 10,000 people have been evacuated from Knysna Local Municipality on Garden Route in South Africa after wildfire destroyed 150 homes. The Wildfire is connected to the worst windstorm in 30 years, which already killed at least 8 people in Cape Town. [http://www.bbc.com/news/world-africa-40199270 (BBC)], [https://www.enca.com/south-africa/knysna-toddler-dies-on-birthday (ENCA)], [https://www.rte.ie/news/world/2017/0608/881071-south_africa/ (RTE)], [http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/06/storm-kills-displaces-thousands-cape-town-170608052748704.html (Al Jazeera)], [https://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/07/world/africa/south-africa-cape-town-storm-fires.html "(The New York Times)"]](/news/2017/06/8/wildfires-in-south-africa-up-to-10-000-people-have-been-evacuated-from-knysna-local-municipality-on-garden-route-in-south-africa-after-wild.md) _Context: South Africa_
10. [Economy of South Africa: The giant South Africa based cement company, PPC Ltd., presents its first quarter results, dominated by the "impact of a liquidity crisis precipitated by an unexpected S&P debt downgrade." ](/news/2017/06/7/economy-of-south-africa-the-giant-south-africa-based-cement-company-ppc-ltd-presents-its-first-quarter-results-dominated-by-the-impact.md) _Context: South Africa_
