### [2013-01-6](/news/2013/01/6/index.md)

# Syrian civil war:The President of Syria Bashar al-Assad delivers a rare television appearance addressing the Syrian crisis and denounces the Syrian rebels as "enemies of God and puppets of the West". It is his first television appearance since June 2012. 

Syrian President Bashar al-Assad delivers a rare televised speech, denouncing the opposition as &quot;puppets of the West&quot;.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-20924452)

### Related:

1. [The Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons says, for the first time, that they suspect Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and other senior officials of the Syrian government are responsible for the use of chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/01/13/the-organisation-for-the-prohibition-of-chemical-weapons-says-for-the-first-time-that-they-suspect-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-and-ot.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syrian Civil War, Syrian President_
2. [ A group of German lawyers files a criminal complaint in Berlin against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad for alleged war crimes committed by his forces and foreign allies during the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2016/11/28/a-group-of-german-lawyers-files-a-criminal-complaint-in-berlin-against-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-for-alleged-war-crimes-committed-by.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syrian Civil War, Syrian President_
3. [Syrian President Bashar al-Assad says he will not negotiate with armed groups, a day after the Syrian opposition's multi-group, two-day meeting in Riyadh agreed on a framework for future negotiations to end the conflict. Assad's statement also appears to put a damper on peace talks Russia and the United States are working to set up. ](/news/2015/12/11/syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-says-he-will-not-negotiate-with-armed-groups-a-day-after-the-syrian-opposition-s-multi-group-two-day-meet.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syrian Civil War, Syrian President_
4. [U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says new talks aimed to help end Syria's war shouldn't be held up by wrangling over whether President Bashar Assad stays or goes. ](/news/2015/10/31/u-n-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-says-new-talks-aimed-to-help-end-syria-s-war-shouldn-t-be-held-up-by-wrangling-over-whether-president-bas.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syrian Civil War, Syrian President_
5. [The President of Syria Bashar al-Assad visits Moscow for talks with the President of Russia Vladimir Putin in an unannounced visit. ](/news/2015/10/21/the-president-of-syria-bashar-al-assad-visits-moscow-for-talks-with-the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-in-an-unannounced-visit.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syrian Civil War, Syrian President_
6. [Syrian civil war:President Bashar al-Assad said he will allow international experts to access chemical weapons sites. ](/news/2013/09/23/syrian-civil-war-ppresident-bashar-al-assad-said-he-will-allow-international-experts-to-access-chemical-weapons-sites.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syrian Civil War, Syrian President_
7. [Syrian civil war:For the first time since the start of the Syrian civil war, President Bashar al-Assad's government offers to talk with rebels in hopes of a diplomatic solution to the conflict. ](/news/2013/02/25/syrian-civil-war-pfor-the-first-time-since-the-start-of-the-syrian-civil-war-president-bashar-al-assad-s-government-offers-to-talk-with-reb.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syrian Civil War, Syrian President_
8. [Syrian civil war: Syrian President Bashar al-Assad rejects an offer to safely leave Syria and vows to "live and die" in the country. ](/news/2012/11/8/syrian-civil-war-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-rejects-an-offer-to-safely-leave-syria-and-vows-to-live-and-die-in-the-country.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syrian Civil War, Syrian President_
9. [Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states-calli.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syrian Civil War_
10. [At least 75 Syrian Army soldiers and pro-Assad militiamen are killed following a multi-front attack on the eastern Syrian city of Deir ez-Zor by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant forces. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports ISIL fighters had advanced into the northern tip of Deir ez-Zor city, and captured the suburb of Al-Baghaliyeh. The pro-government Syrian Arab News Agency (SANA) reports that government forces had repelled an attack on the city leaving dozens of militants dead. ](/news/2016/01/16/at-least-75-syrian-army-soldiers-and-pro-assad-militiamen-are-killed-following-a-multi-front-attack-on-the-eastern-syrian-city-of-deir-ez-zo.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syrian Civil War_
