### [2017-04-29](/news/2017/04/29/index.md)

# People's Climate March. Tens of thousands of people protest in Washington, D.C. to bring awareness to climate change. 

Website ‘undergoing changes’ to reflect agency’s ‘new direction’, as tens of thousands protest inaction on climate in cities across the US


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2017/apr/29/epa-trump-website-climate-change-peoples-climate-march)

### Related:

1. [Russia-United States relations. Unarmed Russian Air Force reconnaissance jets, under the authority provided by international Open Skies Treaty, fly over several Washington, D.C., area government buildings and landmarks as well as the President's residence in Bedminster, New Jersey. ](/news/2017/08/9/russia-united-states-relations-unarmed-russian-air-force-reconnaissance-jets-under-the-authority-provided-by-international-open-skies-tr.md) _Context: Washington, D.C._
2. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections. Special counsel Robert Mueller has impaneled a grand jury in Washington, D.C. to investigate allegations of Russia-s interference in the 2016 elections. ](/news/2017/08/3/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-special-counsel-robert-mueller-has-impaneled-a-grand-jury-in-washington-d-c-to-i.md) _Context: Washington, D.C._
3. [2017 G20 Hamburg summit. The summit announces it is unable to gain agreement on climate change between the United States and the other 19 members of this international forum. ](/news/2017/07/8/2017-g20-hamburg-summit-the-summit-announces-it-is-unable-to-gain-agreement-on-climate-change-between-the-united-states-and-the-other-19-me.md) _Context: climate change_
4. [Hyperloop. SpaceX CEO Elon Musk says he has received federal government approval for The Boring Company to build an underground 760mph Hyperloop that will connect New York City and Washington, D.C.. ](/news/2017/07/20/hyperloop-spacex-ceo-elon-musk-says-he-has-received-federal-government-approval-for-the-boring-company-to-build-an-underground-760mph-hyper.md) _Context: Washington, D.C._
5. [FIRST Robotics Competition. Six teenagers, four males and two females, from a Burundi robotics team are reported missing after competing in the FIRST Global Robotics Competition in Washington, D.C. A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year old girl reportedly crossed the United States border into Canada. There is no indication of foul play. ](/news/2017/07/20/first-robotics-competition-six-teenagers-four-males-and-two-females-from-a-burundi-robotics-team-are-reported-missing-after-competing-in.md) _Context: Washington, D.C._
6. [Montenegro-NATO relations. Montenegro officially joins NATO as its 29th member at a ceremony in Washington, D.C. ](/news/2017/06/5/montenegro-nato-relations-montenegro-officially-joins-nato-as-its-29th-member-at-a-ceremony-in-washington-d-c.md) _Context: Washington, D.C._
7. [List of executive actions by Donald Trump. U.S. President Trump signs an executive order undoing former President Obama's climate change policies. ](/news/2017/03/28/list-of-executive-actions-by-donald-trump-u-s-president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-undoing-former-president-obama-s-climate-change-pol.md) _Context: climate change_
8. [United Kingdom-United States relations. British Prime Minister Theresa May meets with U.S. President Donald Trump at the White House in Washington, D.C.. This is the first visit by a foreign leader since Trump's inauguration last Friday. ](/news/2017/01/27/united-kingdom-united-states-relations-british-prime-minister-theresa-may-meets-with-u-s-president-donald-trump-at-the-white-house-in-wa.md) _Context: Washington, D.C._
9. [2016-17 North American winter. Two people are killed and at least 15 are hospitalized following a 55-vehicle accident, involving a gas tanker explosion, on Interstate 95 in Baltimore, Maryland, as cold air causes rain and wet roads to freeze across the Eastern U.S. Three other deaths are reported from other accidents in the Baltimore-Washington, D.C. area. At least six people have been killed in total on icy roads. ](/news/2016/12/17/2016-17-north-american-winter-two-people-are-killed-and-at-least-15-are-hospitalized-following-a-55-vehicle-accident-involving-a-gas-tan.md) _Context: Washington, D.C._
10. [Applications of nanotechnology. While attempting to create a nanotechnology-based, catalyst-mediated series of chemical reactions to turn carbon dioxide (C|O|2) (a greenhouse gas) into a usable fuel, scientists at the Department of Energy-s Oak Ridge National Laboratory instead discover a single-step process using the surface area of tiny spikes of copper and carbon as a catalyst to turn carbon dioxide into ethanol (C|H|3|C|H|2|O|H). The reaction may serve as a method to alleviate possible climate change by both decreasing C|O|2 in the atmosphere and by using the ethanol as an additive to fuels to increase efficiency and thereby decrease consumption. ](/news/2016/10/18/applications-of-nanotechnology-while-attempting-to-create-a-nanotechnology-based-catalyst-mediated-series-of-chemical-reactions-to-turn-ca.md) _Context: climate change_
