### [2017-04-29](/news/2017/04/29/index.md)

# The U.S. Pacific Command and South Korean defense officials report that a North Korean missile was fired in the early morning, but quickly failed and did not travel beyond North Korea, echoing a similar failed attempt by North Korea thirteen days ago. 

The missile exploded shortly after launch, but Kim&rsquo;s ambitions are clear.


### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/north-korea-fires-another-ballistic-missile-the-75th-of-kim-jong-uns-tenure/2017/04/28/c4b7aa8a-2c5c-11e7-9081-f5405f56d3e4_story.html)

### Related:

1. [The United States Pacific Command deploys warships, including the USS "Carl Vinson", to move towards the Korean Peninsula following North Korea's recent tests with weapons of mass destruction and opposition to the Sharyat missile strike. North Korea is also reclassified as a state sponsor of terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/9/the-united-states-pacific-command-deploys-warships-including-the-uss-carl-vinson-to-move-towards-the-korean-peninsula-following-north-ko.md) _Context: North Korea, U.S. Pacific Command, its nuclear weapons program_
2. [The U.S. Pacific Command and South Korea's Joint Chiefs of Staff report that a North Korean missile, tested near the city of Sinpo on the country's east coast, blew up almost immediately after the launch, just hours before U.S. Vice President Mike Pence was due in South Korea for talks about the North's arms program. ](/news/2017/04/16/the-u-s-pacific-command-and-south-korea-s-joint-chiefs-of-staff-report-that-a-north-korean-missile-tested-near-the-city-of-sinpo-on-the-co.md) _Context: North Korea, U.S. Pacific Command, its nuclear weapons program_
3. [North Korea launches a long range rocket that critics claim is a test of banned technology for a long range missile that could hit the United States. South Korea's military says the rocket released an object into orbit. ](/news/2016/02/7/north-korea-launches-a-long-range-rocket-that-critics-claim-is-a-test-of-banned-technology-for-a-long-range-missile-that-could-hit-the-unite.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korean military, its nuclear weapons program_
4. [ U.S. President Donald Trump announces new sanctions on North Korea over its nuclear weapons program. ](/news/2017/09/21/u-s-president-donald-trump-announces-new-sanctions-on-north-korea-over-its-nuclear-weapons-program.md) _Context: North Korea, its nuclear weapons program_
5. [The United Nations Security Council votes 15-0 to impose sanctions on North Korea for its intercontinental ballistic missile tests. ](/news/2017/08/5/the-united-nations-security-council-votes-15a0-to-impose-sanctions-on-north-korea-for-its-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-tests.md) _Context: North Korea, its nuclear weapons program_
6. [The South Korean military reports North Korea has fired several short-range projectiles into the sea from its eastern Kangwon province. The U.S. military says three short-range missile launches either exploded on launch or failed in flight. ](/news/2017/08/26/the-south-korean-military-reports-north-korea-has-fired-several-short-range-projectiles-into-the-sea-from-its-eastern-kangwon-province-the.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korean military_
7. [North Korea test-launches what is presumed to be its first intercontinental ballistic missile 933 kilometers into the Sea of Japan within Japan's Exclusive Economic Zone. An American expert theorizes the ICBM, which reached an altitude of 2,802 km, could potentially reach the U.S. state of Alaska. ](/news/2017/07/4/north-korea-test-launches-what-is-presumed-to-be-its-first-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-933-kilometers-into-the-sea-of-japan-within-ja.md) _Context: North Korea, its nuclear weapons program_
8. [North Korea launches a Short-Range Ballistic missile near Wonsan towards the Sea of Japan, according to South Korea. The missile reportedly lands in Japan's exclusive economic zone (EEZ) after traveling 450 km. ](/news/2017/05/29/north-korea-launches-a-short-range-ballistic-missile-near-wansan-towards-the-sea-of-japan-according-to-south-korea-the-missile-reportedly.md) _Context: North Korea, its nuclear weapons program_
9. [South Korea reports North Korea fired a Pukguksong-2 intermediate-range ballistic missile that flew 500 km before landing in the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2017/05/21/south-korea-reports-north-korea-fired-a-pukguksong-2-intermediate-range-ballistic-missile-that-flew-500-km-before-landing-in-the-sea-of-japa.md) _Context: North Korea, its nuclear weapons program_
10. [ North Korea vows to accelerate its nuclear weapons programme to "maximum pace" and test a nuclear device "at any time" in response to U.S. President Donald Trump's aggressive stance towards the regime. ](/news/2017/05/2/north-korea-vows-to-accelerate-its-nuclear-weapons-programme-to-amaximum-pacea-and-test-a-nuclear-device-aat-any-timea-in-response.md) _Context: North Korea, its nuclear weapons program_
