### [2002-08-21](/news/2002/08/21/index.md)

#  Extreme weather: In India, a 125-year-old dam bursts under torrential rains, killing 10.




### Related:

1. [A report from  the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine states climate science progress makes it possible to  accurately detect global warming's fingerprints on certain extreme weather events. There is "high confidence" in studies looking for climate change connections between extreme hot and cold temperatures,  while efforts trying to attribute droughts and extreme rainfall has medium confidence. ](/news/2016/03/11/a-report-from-the-national-academies-of-sciences-engineering-and-medicine-states-climate-science-progress-makes-it-possible-to-accuratel.md) _Context: extreme weather_
2. [NOAA states that 2011 is already one of the most extreme weather years on record. ](/news/2011/06/18/noaa-states-that-2011-is-already-one-of-the-most-extreme-weather-years-on-record.md) _Context: extreme weather_
3. [ Extreme weather, recent celebrity deaths: About one-third of the Maili glacier breaks off from the Caucasus Mountains and buries Karmadon, Russia, under up to 500 feet of ice and debris, killing 125, including the young Russian movie star Sergei Bodrov Jr.](/news/2002/09/19/extreme-weather-recent-celebrity-deaths-about-one-third-of-the-maili-glacier-breaks-off-from-the-caucasus-mountains-and-buries-karmadon.md) _Context: extreme weather_
4. [ Extreme weather: Dozens are killed by floods caused by torrential rains in Europe, including the Malse and Blanice rivers of the Czech Republic, the Black Sea resort village of Shirokaya Balka near Novorossiisk in Russia, and Romania. The downpours have also caused extensive damage in Austria, Bulgaria, Croatia, Italy, and Spain.](/news/2002/08/9/extreme-weather-dozens-are-killed-by-floods-caused-by-torrential-rains-in-europe-including-the-mala-e-and-blanice-rivers-of-the-czech-rep.md) _Context: extreme weather_
5. [ Extreme weather: In China, the Dongting Lake floods Yueyang, forcing the evacuation of 600,000 people; the crest of the flooding from the Yangtze River is expected Sunday. Floods and landslides have killed nearly 1000 people in China, 200 in the Hunan province. There have been 376 deaths in India, 494 in Nepal, and 158 deaths in Bangladesh this monsoon season.](/news/2002/08/22/extreme-weather-in-china-the-dongting-lake-floods-yueyang-forcing-the-evacuation-of-600-000-people-the-crest-of-the-flooding-from-the-y.md) _Context: extreme weather_
6. [ Extreme weather: The flooding death toll in Europe reaches 109. The Danube peaks at Budapest at a record 28.3|ft|m, mostly contained by the walls along the river. Dessau is flooded. Overall damage in the Czech Republic is expected to cost $2.8 billion.](/news/2002/08/19/extreme-weather-the-flooding-death-toll-in-europe-reaches-109-the-danube-peaks-at-budapest-at-a-record-28-3-ft-m-mostly-contained-by-the.md) _Context: extreme weather_
7. [ Extreme weather: One of the sea lions who escaped from the Prague Zoo on the 13th is safely recaptured near Wittenberg.](/news/2002/08/18/extreme-weather-one-of-the-sea-lions-who-escaped-from-the-prague-zoo-on-the-13th-is-safely-recaptured-near-wittenberg.md) _Context: extreme weather_
8. [ Extreme weather: The Elbe crests at Dresden at the record height of 30.84|ft|m. 30,000 Germans are evacuated along the river's path.](/news/2002/08/17/extreme-weather-the-elbe-crests-at-dresden-at-the-record-height-of-30-84-ft-m-30-000-germans-are-evacuated-along-the-river-s-path.md) _Context: extreme weather_
9. [ Extreme weather: The peak of a 100-year flood of the Vltava River surges through the Czech Republic into the Elbe in Germany. In Plzen the city center is flooded, and breweries shut down. In Ceske Budejovice, most of the old town is under more than a foot of water, and the Czech Budweiser breweries are shut down. More than 200,000 Czechs are forced to leave their homes. Damages are estimated at over $600 million. In Dresden, the Zwinger Palace courtyard and basement are flooded, damaging paintings. The Semper Opera basement is flooded, closing it for weeks. More than 3,000 hospital patients are evacuated. Europe-wide death toll is now 99.](/news/2002/08/14/extreme-weather-the-peak-of-a-100-year-flood-of-the-vltava-river-surges-through-the-czech-republic-into-the-elbe-in-germany-in-plzea-the.md) _Context: extreme weather_
10. [ Extreme weather: On the seventh day of heavy rains, the peak of 100-year flood of the Vltava River reaches Prague, and the Kampa district is submerged under several yards of water, as well as the Prague Zoo, killing an elephant, five rhinoceros, a lion, a gorilla and 80 birds, and allowing five seals to escape. The Kampa Museum is flooded. 15,000 people were evacuated from Melnik, and 1,600 people were evacuated from Decin. The death toll in Europe is at 88, 9 in the Czech Republic.](/news/2002/08/13/extreme-weather-on-the-seventh-day-of-heavy-rains-the-peak-of-100-year-flood-of-the-vltava-river-reaches-prague-and-the-kampa-district-i.md) _Context: extreme weather_
