### [2010-03-24](/news/2010/03/24/index.md)

# Indonesia bans a conference of Asian gay activists, saying it could prompt violent protests by conservative Muslim groups. 




### Source:

1. [AsiaOne](http://news.asiaone.com/News/Latest%2BNews/Asia/Story/A1Story20100324-206553.html)
2. [Jakarta Post](http://www.thejakartapost.com/news/2010/03/24/association-decries-police-ban-conference.html)
3. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/aponline/2010/03/24/world/AP-AS-Indonesia-Gay-Conference.html?_r=2&ref=newsThe)

### Related:

1. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Indonesia, Muslim_
2. [Approximately 200,000 Muslims protest in the Indonesian capital Jakarta against the Governor Basuki Tjahaja Purnama for alleged blasphemy. This is the second mass protest in a month against the minority Christian governor. ](/news/2016/12/2/approximately-200-000-muslims-protest-in-the-indonesian-capital-jakarta-against-the-governor-basuki-tjahaja-purnama-for-alleged-blasphemy-t.md) _Context: Indonesia, Muslim_
3. [Two boats carrying 500 members of Myanmar's Rohingya Muslim people arrive in western Indonesia. ](/news/2015/05/10/two-boats-carrying-500-members-of-myanmar-s-rohingya-muslim-people-arrive-in-western-indonesia.md) _Context: Indonesia, Muslim_
4. [Muslims celebrate Eid ul-Fitr marking the end of Ramadan, the month of fasting. In Indonesia, however, the government rules that the end of Ramadan should be delayed one day. ](/news/2011/08/30/muslims-celebrate-eid-ul-fitr-marking-the-end-of-ramadan-the-month-of-fasting-in-indonesia-however-the-government-rules-that-the-end-of.md) _Context: Indonesia, Muslim_
5. [The trial of Indonesian Muslim cleric Abu Bakar Bashir on terrorism charges begins in Jakarta. ](/news/2011/02/10/the-trial-of-indonesian-muslim-cleric-abu-bakar-bashir-on-terrorism-charges-begins-in-jakarta.md) _Context: Indonesia, Muslim_
6. [Muslim cleric Abu Bakar Bashir is arrested - along with his wife, the driver of the car he was in and another woman - by Indonesian police in Ciamis, West Java. ](/news/2010/08/9/muslim-cleric-abu-bakar-bashir-is-arrested-along-with-his-wife-the-driver-of-the-car-he-was-in-and-another-woman-by-indonesian-police-i.md) _Context: Indonesia, Muslim_
7. [At least three security officers are killed after riots in north Jakarta, Indonesia, over plans to bulldoze a cemetery containing a memorial to a revered Muslim scholar. ](/news/2010/04/15/at-least-three-security-officers-are-killed-after-riots-in-north-jakarta-indonesia-over-plans-to-bulldoze-a-cemetery-containing-a-memorial.md) _Context: Indonesia, Muslim_
8. [ Legislators in Aceh province in Indonesia pass a new law on stoning to death and other severe sentences for adultery, homosexuality and premarital sex. ](/news/2009/09/14/legislators-in-aceh-province-in-indonesia-pass-a-new-law-on-stoning-to-death-and-other-severe-sentences-for-adultery-homosexuality-and-pre.md) _Context: Indonesia, homosexuality_
9. [ Over one hundred thousand people throughout Indonesia have taken part in anti-Israeli and anti-American protests.  The protest was organised by the Prosperous Justice Party in order to show Muslim unity regarding the Al Aqsa Mosque. ](/news/2005/04/17/over-one-hundred-thousand-people-throughout-indonesia-have-taken-part-in-anti-israeli-and-anti-american-protests-the-protest-was-organise.md) _Context: Indonesia, Muslim_
10. [A rescue helicopter crashes while attempting to evacuate residents near the Dieng Volcanic Complex in Central Java, Indonesia, killing all eight people on board. ](/news/2017/07/3/a-rescue-helicopter-crashes-while-attempting-to-evacuate-residents-near-the-dieng-volcanic-complex-in-central-java-indonesia-killing-all-e.md) _Context: Indonesia_
