### [2010-03-24](/news/2010/03/24/index.md)

# Luis Moreno-Ocampo, Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court (ICC), says that monitoring Sudan's election next month would be like monitoring a vote in Hitler's Germany. 




### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2010/03/23/AR2010032302354.html)

### Related:

1. [ Luis Moreno-Ocampo, the Prosecutor for the International Criminal Court, accuses Sudanese president Omar al-Bashir of genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes in Darfur. ](/news/2008/07/14/luis-moreno-ocampo-the-prosecutor-for-the-international-criminal-court-accuses-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-of-genocide-crimes-agai.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Luis Moreno-Ocampo, Sudan_
2. [ The Chief Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court names the former Sudanese minister Ahmed Muhammad Harun and Janjaweed militia leader Ali Kushayb as chief suspects in its investigation into alleged war crimes and crimes against humanity in Darfur. The Government of Sudan has announced that it will not hand over the named men to the ICC. ](/news/2007/02/27/the-chief-prosecutor-of-the-international-criminal-court-names-the-former-sudanese-minister-ahmed-muhammad-harun-and-janjaweed-militia-lead.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Luis Moreno-Ocampo, Sudan_
3. [ International Criminal Court prosecutor Luis Moreno Ocampo states that they have credible evidence of crimes against humanity in Darfur. Sudan refuses to extradite those suspected of war crimes.](/news/2005/06/30/international-criminal-court-prosecutor-luis-moreno-ocampo-states-that-they-have-credible-evidence-of-crimes-against-humanity-in-darfur-su.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Luis Moreno-Ocampo, Sudan_
4. [South Africa formally begins the process of withdrawing from the International Criminal Court amid a dispute over the country's refusal to arrest Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir at last year's African Union summit in Johannesburg. ](/news/2016/10/21/south-africa-formally-begins-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-the-international-criminal-court-amid-a-dispute-over-the-country-s-refusal-to-a.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Sudan_
5. [South Africa plans to leave the International Criminal Court (ICC) as the government faces criticism for, earlier this year, ignoring a court order to arrest Sudan's president. ](/news/2015/10/11/south-africa-plans-to-leave-the-international-criminal-court-icc-as-the-government-faces-criticism-for-earlier-this-year-ignoring-a-cour.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Sudan_
6. [Sudanese general election, 2015. Sudan's Electoral Commission declares that incumbent President of Sudan Omar al-Bashir won re-election with 94.4 per cent of the vote extending his 25 year rule. He has been indicted multiple times by the International Criminal Court for being personally responsible for war crimes committed in Darfur and elsewhere in Sudan. ](/news/2015/04/27/sudanese-general-election-2015-sudan-s-electoral-commission-declares-that-incumbent-president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-won-re-election-with.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Sudan_
7. [Malawi cancels its hosting of the African Union summit after disagreements over the attendance of Sudanese president Omar al-Bashir, who is wanted by the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2012/06/8/malawi-cancels-its-hosting-of-the-african-union-summit-after-disagreements-over-the-attendance-of-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-who-is.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Sudan_
8. [The International Criminal Court issues an arrest warrant for Abdelrahim Mohamed Hussein, Sudan's Defence Minister, on war crimes charges in connection to Darfur. ](/news/2012/03/2/the-international-criminal-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-abdelrahim-mohamed-hussein-sudan-s-defence-minister-on-war-crimes-charges-in.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Sudan_
9. [The International Criminal Court issues an arrest warrant for the Sudanese defence minister Abdelrahim Mohamed Hussein. ](/news/2012/03/1/the-international-criminal-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-the-sudanese-defence-minister-abdelrahim-mohamed-hussein.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Sudan_
10. [2011 Libyan civil war. The chief prosecutor for the International Criminal Court, Luis Moreno-Ocampo, reports that there are "reasonable grounds to believe that crimes against humanity have been committed and continue being committed in Libya, and says he will soon request arrest warrants against three individuals who are "most responsible for the crimes committed." ](/news/2011/05/4/2011-libyan-civil-war-the-chief-prosecutor-for-the-international-criminal-court-luis-moreno-ocampo-reports-that-there-are-reasonable-gro.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Luis Moreno-Ocampo_
