### [2010-03-24](/news/2010/03/24/index.md)

# United Kingdom Chancellor Alistair Darling presents his 2010 United Kingdom Budget to the House of Commons.




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/programmes/the_daily_politics/8585164.stm?ls)

### Related:

1. [After six days of debate, the House of Commons of the United Kingdom votes to approve, with 323 votes for and 309 against, the policies set out in the Queen's Speech. In order to avoid a 'regret' amendment, Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond says that England's National Health Service is to provide free abortions to women from Northern Ireland with funds from the Government Equalities Office. ](/news/2017/06/29/after-six-days-of-debate-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-votes-to-approve-with-323-votes-for-and-309-against-the-policies-set.md) _Context: Chancellor of the Exchequer, House of Commons of the United Kingdom_
2. [Former UK Chancellor of the Exchequer Alistair Darling launches Better Together, the "no" campaign for the forthcoming referendum on Scottish independence. ](/news/2012/06/25/former-uk-chancellor-of-the-exchequer-alistair-darling-launches-better-together-the-no-campaign-for-the-forthcoming-referendum-on-scottis.md) _Context: Alistair Darling, Chancellor of the Exchequer_
3. [ British Chancellor of the Exchequer Alistair Darling delivers the pre Budget report, with tax rises and spending cuts to reduce the government debt. ](/news/2009/12/9/british-chancellor-of-the-exchequer-alistair-darling-delivers-the-pre-budget-report-with-tax-rises-and-spending-cuts-to-reduce-the-governm.md) _Context: Alistair Darling, Chancellor of the Exchequer_
4. [ Subprime mortgage crisis: Britain's Chancellor of the Exchequer Alistair Darling releases details of a rescue package aimed at restoring confidence in British Banks. As part of the deal the British Government will provide 50bn of investment, provide a further 200bn in short term loans and guarantee up to 250bn of intra-bank loans ](/news/2008/10/8/subprime-mortgage-crisis-p-britain-s-chancellor-of-the-exchequer-alistair-darling-releases-details-of-a-rescue-package-aimed-at-restoring-c.md) _Context: Alistair Darling, Chancellor of the Exchequer_
5. [ ''Premiership of Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:'' In a major Cabinet reshuffle, every person's post is changed, bar one. Alistair Darling becomes Chancellor of the Exchequer, David Miliband becomes Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, and Jacqui Smith becomes the first female Secretary of State for the Home Department. Alan Johnson takes Health, Jack Straw takes Justice and First Secretary of State, Hilary Benn takes Environment, Des Browne remains as Defence Secretary but also becomes Secretary of State for Scotland, and Ruth Kelly takes Transport. Douglas Alexander takes Secretary of State for International Development; Peter Hain remains Secretary of State for Wales but also becomes Work and Pensions Secretary; Shaun Woodward becomes Northern Ireland Secretary; John Hutton takes Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform Secretary; Hazel Blears takes Communities Secretary and Minister for Equality; James Purnell takes Secretary of State for Children, Schools and Families; and Tessa Jowell becomes Minister for the Olympics and will only attend Cabinet when required. Baroness Ashton becomes Leader of the House of Lords; Harriet Harman&mdash;Labour's deputy leader&mdash;becomes Leader of the House of Commons and Minister for Women; whilst Ed Balls becomes Children, Schools and Families Secretary. John Denham becomes Innovation, University and Skills Secretary; and Baroness Scotland becomes the new Attorney General of England and Wales. The Cabinet is set to change. ](/news/2007/06/28/premiership-of-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-p-in-a-major-cabinet-reshuffle-every-person-s-post-is-changed-bar-one-p-alistair-darling.md) _Context: Alistair Darling, Chancellor of the Exchequer_
6. [British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held-on-the-8th-of-june-a-two-thirds-major.md) _Context: House of Commons of the United Kingdom_
7. [Formation of the The new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Theresa May begins forming her ministry following the end of the Second Cameron ministry. The former Mayor of London Boris Johnson is appointed Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, Philip Hammond is appointed as Chancellor of the Exchequer, Amber Rudd is appointed Home Secretary filling Theresa May's former position, Liam Fox is appointed as Secretary of State for International Trade and David Davis is appointed as minister for the newly created Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union. ](/news/2016/07/13/formation-of-the-the-new-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-theresa-may-begins-forming-her-ministry-following-the-end-of-the-second-camero.md) _Context: Chancellor of the Exchequer_
8. [Prime Minister David Cameron tells the House of Commons that legal experts advise that the UK-wide Brexit result binds the entire nation, even though  Northern Ireland and Scotland voted to stay in the EU. Yesterday, both Scottish and Northern Irish representatives told the European Parliament's plenary session they will leave the UK if that is the required price to keep their homelands fully connected to Europe. ](/news/2016/06/29/prime-minister-david-cameron-tells-the-house-of-commons-that-legal-experts-advise-that-the-uk-wide-brexit-result-binds-the-entire-nation-ev.md) _Context: House of Commons of the United Kingdom_
9. [Iain Duncan Smith resigns his position as the United Kingdom's Secretary of State for Work and Pensions, in opposition to cuts in disability benefit proposed by George Osborne, the Chancellor of the Exchequer. ](/news/2016/03/18/iain-duncan-smith-resigns-his-position-as-the-united-kingdom-s-secretary-of-state-for-work-and-pensions-in-opposition-to-cuts-in-disability.md) _Context: Chancellor of the Exchequer_
10. [British Prime Minister David Cameron, in a speech to the House of Commons says that Islamic extremists have already threatened citizens of the United Kingdom and UK military airstrikes against ISIL in Syria will serve only to make the UK safer.  Cameron also says that the UK cannot outsource its security and must stand by France in the wake of the November 2015 Paris attacks. ](/news/2015/11/26/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-in-a-speech-to-the-house-of-commons-says-that-islamic-extremists-have-already-threatened-citizens-of-t.md) _Context: House of Commons of the United Kingdom_
