### [2010-04-7](/news/2010/04/7/index.md)

# Blacktown District Soccer Football Association's CEO says he will ignore a FIFA ruling to ban the hijab even if it is enforced by Football Federation Australia after the Iran girls' football team is disqualified from the Youth Olympic Games by FIFA for their view on the hijab. 

The chief executive of a Sydney football club says he will ignore a ruling by the sport&#039;s world governing body to ban hijabs even if it&#039;s enforced by Football Federation Australia.


### Source:

1. [The Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/sport/football/sydney-football-boss-to-ignore-hijab-rule-20100407-rqfi.html)

### Related:

1. [The Turkish government lifts the ban prohibiting female army officers from wearing a Hijab. The military is the last Turkish institution to end the ban. ](/news/2017/02/22/the-turkish-government-lifts-the-ban-prohibiting-female-army-officers-from-wearing-a-hijab-the-military-is-the-last-turkish-institution-to.md) _Context: Hijab_
2. [FIFA shares results of their investigation with legal authorities showing former president Sepp Blatter and two others gave themselves  nearly $80 million over the past five years via annual raises and World Cup bonuses. ](/news/2016/06/3/fifa-shares-results-of-their-investigation-with-legal-authorities-showing-former-president-sepp-blatter-and-two-others-gave-themselves-near.md) _Context: FIFA_
3. [UEFA President Michel Platini, who had been suspended by the FIFA Ethics Committee last fall, announces his resignation following the Court of Arbitration for Sport decision  that let stand his ban, shortened to four years which corresponds to the duration of his remaining time in office. The court ruled that Platini was guilty of conflict of interest for taking a $2 million payment from FIFA approved by Sepp Blatter in 2011.  ](/news/2016/05/9/uefa-president-michel-platini-who-had-been-suspended-by-the-fifa-ethics-committee-last-fall-announces-his-resignation-following-the-court.md) _Context: FIFA_
4. [Fatma Samoura, a Senegalese United Nations official, is appointed as the Secretary General of FIFA. She is the first woman and first person from outside Europe to be appointed to the position. ](/news/2016/05/13/fatma-samoura-a-senegalese-united-nations-official-is-appointed-as-the-secretary-general-of-fifa-she-is-the-first-woman-and-first-person.md) _Context: FIFA_
5. [Officials of FIFA meet in Zurich for the 2016 FIFA Extraordinary Congress to select a new President of FIFA to replace Sepp Blatter. Gianni Infantino is elected with a majority of votes in the second round of voting. ](/news/2016/02/26/officials-of-fifa-meet-in-za1-4rich-for-the-2016-fifa-extraordinary-congress-to-select-a-new-president-of-fifa-to-replace-sepp-blatter-gianni.md) _Context: FIFA_
6. [Reuters reports that a million dollars in FIFA funding is missing from the accounts of the National Football Federation of Guatemala. ](/news/2016/01/30/reuters-reports-that-a-million-dollars-in-fifa-funding-is-missing-from-the-accounts-of-the-national-football-federation-of-guatemala.md) _Context: FIFA_
7. [Local Tajikistan police  have shaved nearly 13,000 men's beards, closed more than 150 shops selling traditional Muslim clothing, and convinced around 1,800 women and girls to stop wearing headscarves in 2015 as part of a campaign to eradicate foreign influences in the former Soviet Republic. ](/news/2016/01/21/local-tajikistan-police-have-shaved-nearly-13-000-men-s-beards-closed-more-than-150-shops-selling-traditional-muslim-clothing-and-convinc.md) _Context: Hijab_
8. [Lawyers for former FIFA chief Sepp Blatter confirm that he will appeal his eight year ban from the organisation. ](/news/2016/01/10/lawyers-for-former-fifa-chief-sepp-blatter-confirm-that-he-will-appeal-his-eight-year-ban-from-the-organisation.md) _Context: FIFA_
9. [U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch announces criminal corruption charges against 16 FIFA officials in an indictment that expands Justice's  May filing that indicted 14 officials associated with FIFA (Federation Internationale de Football Association) and related sports marketing companies.  At U.S. authorities request, Swiss police  arrest two South American FIFA (Federation Internationale de Football Association) officials at the five-star Baur au Lac hotel in Zurich, on suspicion of accepting "millions of dollars" in bribes. In addition, eight of the defendants indicted in May have pleaded guilty. ](/news/2015/12/3/u-s-attorney-general-loretta-lynch-announces-criminal-corruption-charges-against-16-fifa-officials-in-an-indictment-that-expands-justice-s.md) _Context: FIFA_
10. [Federation Internationale de Football Association ethics committee recommends FIFA President Sepp Blatter be suspended, re: the Swiss attorney general's ongoing criminal investigation. The final decision will be made by Chairman of the Ethics Committee's adjudication chamber, Hans-Joachim Eckert. ](/news/2015/10/7/fa-c-da-c-ration-internationale-de-football-association-ethics-committee-recommends-fifa-president-sepp-blatter-be-suspended-re-the-swiss-atto.md) _Context: FIFA_
