### [2010-04-7](/news/2010/04/7/index.md)

# July 12, 2007 Baghdad airstrike WikiLeaks video controversy:. Fox News alleges "many who have viewed the video" WikiLeaks released recently showing American forces killing civilians in a July 12, 2007 Baghdad airstrike have accused the website of "selectively editing" (by slowing down selected parts of it) after a report by The Pentagon was released claiming that several of those killed did have weapons. 

WikiLeaks, the self-proclaimed whistle-blowing investigative Web site, released a classified military video Monday that it says shows the indiscriminate slaying of innocent Iraqis. Two days later, questions linger about just how much of the story WikiLeaks decided to tell. 


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2010/04/20104782857326667.html)
2. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2010/04/07/military-raises-questions-credibility-leaked-iraq-shooting-video/)

### Related:

1. [Julian Assange issues a statement to supporters from a balcony of London's Ecuadorean embassy, in which he refers to the U.S. Pentagon's recent description of the existence of WikiLeaks as an "ongoing crime" and suggests it is the intention of WikiLeaks to release a million more documents in 2013. ](/news/2012/12/20/julian-assange-issues-a-statement-to-supporters-from-a-balcony-of-london-s-ecuadorean-embassy-in-which-he-refers-to-the-u-s-pentagon-s-rec.md) _Context: United States military, WikiLeaks_
2. [The Pentagon makes a demand to Wikileaks that it remove its collection of classified military documents from the internet. ](/news/2010/08/6/the-pentagon-makes-a-demand-to-wikileaks-that-it-remove-its-collection-of-classified-military-documents-from-the-internet.md) _Context: United States military, WikiLeaks_
3. [Battle of Mosul. The United States military reports that their investigation found 105 civilians were killed and 36 people are still missing from the bombing of a Mosul building on March 17. ](/news/2017/05/25/battle-of-mosul-the-united-states-military-reports-that-their-investigation-found-105-civilians-were-killed-and-36-people-are-still-missing.md) _Context: United States military_
4. [Murder of Seth Rich. Fox News retracts their claims regarding the murder. ](/news/2017/05/24/murder-of-seth-rich-fox-news-retracts-their-claims-regarding-the-murder.md) _Context: Fox News_
5. ["Assange v Swedish Prosecution Authority". Swedish prosecutors drop a seven-year sexual assault investigation into WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. ](/news/2017/05/19/assange-v-swedish-prosecution-authority-swedish-prosecutors-drop-a-seven-year-sexual-assault-investigation-into-wikileaks-founder-julian.md) _Context: WikiLeaks_
6. [Roger Ailes, the former Chairman and founding CEO of Fox News, dies at the age of 77. ](/news/2017/05/18/roger-ailes-the-former-chairman-and-founding-ceo-of-fox-news-dies-at-the-age-of-77.md) _Context: Fox News_
7. [ 21st Century Fox, the parent company of Fox News, announces the firing of Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly. ](/news/2017/04/19/21st-century-fox-the-parent-company-of-fox-news-announces-the-firing-of-fox-news-commentator-bill-o-reilly.md) _Context: Fox News_
8. [Vault 7. WikiLeaks releases thousands of documents that it claims provides details of surveillance software used by the United States Central Intelligence Agency. ](/news/2017/03/7/vault-7-wikileaks-releases-thousands-of-documents-that-it-claims-provides-details-of-surveillance-software-used-by-the-united-states-centra.md) _Context: WikiLeaks_
9. [Presidency of Donald Trump. The Trump White House bars "The New York Times", CNN, the "Los Angeles Times", the "New York Daily News", "The Hill", the "Daily Mail", BBC, Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as Breitbart News, One America News Network, and "The Washington Times". Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News, "The Wall Street Journal", Bloomberg News, and Fox News. "Time" magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to in protest. The White House Correspondents- Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House-s actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/presidency-of-donald-trump-the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-h.md) _Context: Fox News_
10. [Barack Obama presidential pardons. The President of the United States Barack Obama commutes the bulk of the sentence for Chelsea Manning for leaking documents to WikiLeaks. Manning will now be released in 2017 instead of 2045. ](/news/2017/01/17/barack-obama-presidential-pardons-the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-commutes-the-bulk-of-the-sentence-for-chelsea-manning-for.md) _Context: WikiLeaks_
