### [2010-04-7](/news/2010/04/7/index.md)

# July 12, 2007 Baghdad airstrike WikiLeaks video controversy:Fox News alleges "many who have viewed the video" WikiLeaks released recently showing American forces killing civilians in a July 12, 2007 Baghdad airstrike have accused the website of "selectively editing" (by slowing down selected parts of it) after a report by The Pentagon was released claiming that several of those killed did have weapons. 

WikiLeaks, the self-proclaimed whistle-blowing investigative Web site, released a classified military video Monday that it says shows the indiscriminate slaying of innocent Iraqis. Two days later, questions linger about just how much of the story WikiLeaks decided to tell. 


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2010/04/20104782857326667.html)
2. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2010/04/07/military-raises-questions-credibility-leaked-iraq-shooting-video/)

### Related:

1. [Julian Assange issues a statement to supporters from a balcony of London's Ecuadorean embassy, in which he refers to the U.S. Pentagon's recent description of the existence of WikiLeaks as an "ongoing crime" and suggests it is the intention of WikiLeaks to release a million more documents in 2013. ](/news/2012/12/20/julian-assange-issues-a-statement-to-supporters-from-a-balcony-of-london-s-ecuadorean-embassy-in-which-he-refers-to-the-u-s-pentagon-s-rec.md) _Context: The Pentagon, WikiLeaks_
2. [The Pentagon makes a demand to Wikileaks that it remove its collection of classified military documents from the internet. ](/news/2010/08/6/the-pentagon-makes-a-demand-to-wikileaks-that-it-remove-its-collection-of-classified-military-documents-from-the-internet.md) _Context: The Pentagon, WikiLeaks_
3. [ 21st Century Fox, the parent company of Fox News, announces the firing of Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly. ](/news/2017/04/19/21st-century-fox-the-parent-company-of-fox-news-announces-the-firing-of-fox-news-commentator-bill-o-reilly.md) _Context: Fox News_
4. [WikiLeaks releases thousands of documents that it claims provides details of surveillance software used by the United States Central Intelligence Agency. ](/news/2017/03/7/wikileaks-releases-thousands-of-documents-that-it-claims-provides-details-of-surveillance-software-used-by-the-united-states-central-intelli.md) _Context: WikiLeaks_
5. [The Trump White House bars ''The New York Times'', CNN, the ''Los Angeles Times'', the ''New York Daily News'', ''The Hill'',  the ''Daily Mail'',  BBC,  Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as  Breitbart News, One America News Network, and ''The Washington Times''. Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News,  ''The Wall Street Journal'', Bloomberg News, and Fox News. ''Time'' magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to  in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-m.md) _Context: Fox News_
6. [The President of the United States Barack Obama commutes the bulk of the sentence for Chelsea Manning for leaking documents to WikiLeaks. Manning will now be released in 2017 instead of 2045. ](/news/2017/01/17/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-commutes-the-bulk-of-the-sentence-for-chelsea-manning-for-leaking-documents-to-wikileaks-ma.md) _Context: WikiLeaks_
7. [ Fox News apologizes to Hillary Clinton for reporting falsely of 'likely' Clinton indictment. ](/news/2016/11/4/fox-news-apologizes-to-hillary-clinton-for-reporting-falsely-of-likely-clinton-indictment.md) _Context: Fox News_
8. [WikiLeaks releases 500 internal documents and emails allegedly from the American Embassy in Sana'a, Yemen. ](/news/2016/11/25/wikileaks-releases-500-internal-documents-and-emails-allegedly-from-the-american-embassy-in-sana-a-yemen.md) _Context: WikiLeaks_
9. [Fox News ''On The Record'' host Greta Van Susteren leaves the channel after 14 years. ](/news/2016/09/6/fox-news-on-the-record-host-greta-van-susteren-leaves-the-channel-after-14-years.md) _Context: Fox News_
10. [Imprisoned former American Army intelligence analyst and transgender person Chelsea Manning, who is serving a 35-year sentence at Fort Leavenworth, will have the military provide the costs of gender reassignment surgery. She was convicted by court-martial in July 2013 of violations of the Espionage Act and other offenses, after disclosing to WikiLeaks nearly three-quarters of a million classified or unclassified but sensitive military and diplomatic documents. ](/news/2016/09/13/imprisoned-former-american-army-intelligence-analyst-and-transgender-person-chelsea-manning-who-is-serving-a-35-year-sentence-at-fort-leave.md) _Context: WikiLeaks_
