### [2003-04-29](/news/2003/04/29/index.md)

#  Quebec premier-elect Jean Charest is sworn in and names his cabinet.




### Related:

1. [Quebec premier Jean Charest calls a general election for September 2012 amidst student protests against tuition fee increases. ](/news/2012/08/2/quebec-premier-jean-charest-calls-a-general-election-for-september-2012-amidst-student-protests-against-tuition-fee-increases.md) _Context: Jean Charest, Quebec_
2. [ Premier of Quebec, Canada, Jean Charest, calls a general election for March 26. ](/news/2007/02/21/premier-of-quebec-canada-jean-charest-calls-a-general-election-for-march-26.md) _Context: Jean Charest, Quebec_
3. [ A general strike in Quebec interrupts road and port traffic as well as non-essential surgeries and day-care service in Montreal, Quebec City, and Trois-Rivires. The strike was called in opposition to the Charest government's policies. [http://www.cbc.ca/stories/2003/12/11/quebec_031211]](/news/2003/12/11/a-general-strike-in-quebec-interrupts-road-and-port-traffic-as-well-as-non-essential-surgeries-and-day-care-service-in-montreal-quebec-cit.md) _Context: Jean Charest, Quebec_
4. [ In Quebec, Canada, the governing sovereigntist "Parti Quebecois" is defeated in the 2003 general election. The Liberals are returned to power after nine years, and Jean Charest becomes the new premier.](/news/2003/04/14/in-quebec-canada-the-governing-sovereigntist-parti-qua-c-ba-c-cois-is-defeated-in-the-2003-general-election-the-liberals-are-returned-to-p.md) _Context: Jean Charest, Quebec_
5. [A state of emergency is declared in Montreal, Canada as 1,200 Canadian Forces personnel are deployed in the province of Quebec to help with rising floodwaters. 146 communities are affected and more than 1,500 residents have been evacuated from their homes. ](/news/2017/05/7/a-state-of-emergency-is-declared-in-montreal-canada-as-1-200-canadian-forces-personnel-are-deployed-in-the-province-of-quebec-to-help-with.md) _Context: Quebec_
6. [Scientists announce the finding of microfossils up to almost 4.3 billion years old, within rocks from the Hudson Bay shoreline in northern Quebec, Canada, that may represent the oldest-known evidence of life on Earth. ](/news/2017/03/1/scientists-announce-the-finding-of-microfossils-up-to-almost-4-3-billion-years-old-within-rocks-from-the-hudson-bay-shoreline-in-northern-q.md) _Context: Quebec_
7. [Seven people die in a plane crash on the Magdalen Islands in the Canadian province of Quebec. Former minister Jean Lapierre was one of the people on board the plane. ](/news/2016/03/29/seven-people-die-in-a-plane-crash-on-the-magdalen-islands-in-the-canadian-province-of-quebec-former-minister-jean-lapierre-was-one-of-the-p.md) _Context: Quebec_
8. [Quebec-based Valeant Pharmaceuticals International cut all ties with Philidor Rx Services. This comes in the wake of recent revelations that Valeant was looking to acquire Philidor, a relationship that raised questions from various quarters. Valeant is the subject of U.S. federal investigations. ](/news/2015/10/30/quebec-based-valeant-pharmaceuticals-international-cut-all-ties-with-philidor-rx-services-this-comes-in-the-wake-of-recent-revelations-that.md) _Context: Quebec_
9. [A sightseeing seaplane crashes on Quebec's North Shore killing all six people aboard. ](/news/2015/08/24/a-sightseeing-seaplane-crashes-on-quebec-s-north-shore-killing-all-six-people-aboard.md) _Context: Quebec_
10. [A gunman shoots a Canadian Forces soldier outside the Canadian National War Memorial, with the gunman later reported dead inside the Canadian Parliament buildings. The incident came hours after Canada raised its terror threat level from low to medium following Monday's fatal hit-and-run attack on two soldiers in Quebec. ](/news/2014/10/22/a-gunman-shoots-a-canadian-forces-soldier-outside-the-canadian-national-war-memorial-with-the-gunman-later-reported-dead-inside-the-canadia.md) _Context: Quebec_
