### [2003-04-29](/news/2003/04/29/index.md)

#  The World Health Organization lifts the SARS travel warning for Toronto.




### Related:

1. [ SARS: The World Health Organization recommended that passengers flying from places where SARS outbreaks have occurred should be screened before being allowed on flights. These places included China, Hong Kong, Singapore, Vietnam, and the city of Toronto.](/news/2003/03/27/sars-the-world-health-organization-recommended-that-passengers-flying-from-places-where-sars-outbreaks-have-occurred-should-be-screened-be.md) _Context: SARS, Toronto, World Health Organization_
2. [ The People's Republic of China puts poultry export bans on three more areas after a World Health Organization warning that the chance of controlling the Avian flu outbreak is slipping. A new SARS case is confirmed in Guangdong province.](/news/2004/01/31/the-people-s-republic-of-china-puts-poultry-export-bans-on-three-more-areas-after-a-world-health-organization-warning-that-the-chance-of-co.md) _Context: SARS, World Health Organization_
3. [ The first confirmed SARS case is reported in Finland. A man who had been visiting Toronto is now being treated at Turku University Hospital.](/news/2003/05/10/the-first-confirmed-sars-case-is-reported-in-finland-a-man-who-had-been-visiting-toronto-is-now-being-treated-at-turku-university-hospital.md) _Context: SARS, Toronto_
4. [ Hong Kong health officials say that spread of severe acute respiratory syndrome may mean it is going to be around for a while. World Health Organization officials are cautiously optimistic that it can be contained.,](/news/2003/04/8/hong-kong-health-officials-say-that-spread-of-severe-acute-respiratory-syndrome-may-mean-it-is-going-to-be-around-for-a-while-world-health.md) _Context: SARS, World Health Organization_
5. [ The World Health Organization holds a meeting in Toronto regarding SARS.](/news/2003/04/30/the-world-health-organization-holds-a-meeting-in-toronto-regarding-sars.md) _Context: Toronto, World Health Organization_
6. [ SARS cases in Toronto exceed 100.](/news/2003/03/29/sars-cases-in-toronto-exceed-100.md) _Context: SARS, Toronto_
7. [ The World Health Organization issues warnings about an atypical pneumonia of unknown cause, dubbed severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS). It was first found in Asia and appears to have originated in Hong Kong. There are fears that unless measures are taken to control SARS, it may become epidemic.](/news/2003/03/15/the-world-health-organization-issues-warnings-about-an-atypical-pneumonia-of-unknown-cause-dubbed-severe-acute-respiratory-syndrome-sars.md) _Context: SARS, World Health Organization_
8. [The World Health Organization says that hunger around the world has risen as a result of war and climate change. ](/news/2017/09/15/the-world-health-organization-says-that-hunger-around-the-world-has-risen-as-a-result-of-war-and-climate-change.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
9. [According to the World Health Organization, antibiotic resistance is on the rise in strains of gonorrhoea. It says that there is a need to prevent the spread of these bacteria, recommending usage of condoms and an increase in research and development funding. ](/news/2017/07/7/according-to-the-world-health-organization-antibiotic-resistance-is-on-the-rise-in-strains-of-gonorrhoea-it-says-that-there-is-a-need-to-p.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
10. [The World Health Organization (WHO) elects former Ethopian Foreign Minister and Health Minister Dr. Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus as the international organization's new Director-General succeeding Dr. Margaret Chan, who has been in office since 2006. Tedros is the first African Director-General and the first non-medical doctor; he has a PhD in Community Health from the University of Nottingham. ](/news/2017/05/23/the-world-health-organization-who-elects-former-ethopian-foreign-minister-and-health-minister-dr-tedros-adhanom-ghebreyesus-as-the-intern.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
