### [2008-05-1](/news/2008/05/1/index.md)

#  Eight people are killed and at least 20 injured after a bus carrying North American and European tourists crashes on the Sinai peninsula in Egypt. 




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/7376800.stm)

### Related:

1. [Sinai insurgency. At least seven people are killed, including five Egyptian Army soldiers, a military officer and a civilian woman in two separate blasts in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula. ISIL's Sinai branch claimed responsibility for the attacks on several websites. ](/news/2016/04/8/sinai-insurgency-at-least-seven-people-are-killed-including-five-egyptian-army-soldiers-a-military-officer-and-a-civilian-woman-in-two-se.md) _Context: Egypt, Sinai_
2. [Sinai insurgency. Four Egyptian security personnel are killed and another four are injured by a roadside bomb near the border town Rafah in the Sinai Peninsula. Islamist militants are suspected to have remotely detonated the device as an armored vehicle drove by the town's center, near the border with the Gaza Strip and Israel, security sources told Ahram Online. ](/news/2015/12/8/sinai-insurgency-four-egyptian-security-personnel-are-killed-and-another-four-are-injured-by-a-roadside-bomb-near-the-border-town-rafah-in.md) _Context: Egypt, Sinai_
3. [Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War. The Russian military launches cruise missile strikes from the Mediterranean on ISIS positions in Al-Raqqah, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's de facto capital in Syria, Aleppo, and Idlib. A U.S. official confirms that Russia has conducted a significant number of strikes in Syria using both sea-launched cruise missiles and long-range bombers. Russian President Vladimir Putin has pledged to escalate his military campaign in Syria after it was confirmed that a bomb brought down Metrojet Flight 9268 over Egypt's Sinai Peninsula. ](/news/2015/11/17/russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-the-russian-military-launches-cruise-missile-strikes-from-the-mediterranean-on-isis-p.md) _Context: Egypt, Sinai_
4. [Sinai insurgency. Egypt's security forces shoot dead at least 24 ISIS militants as they hid inside a cave in a mountainous area in central Sinai, not far from the crash site of Metrojet Flight 9268, a Russian airliner the group says it brought down. ](/news/2015/11/16/sinai-insurgency-egypt-s-security-forces-shoot-dead-at-least-24-isis-militants-as-they-hid-inside-a-cave-in-a-mountainous-area-in-central-s.md) _Context: Egypt, Sinai_
5. [Metrojet Flight 9268. As a temporary security measure, effective Saturday, Russia bans incoming flights by Egypt's state-owned airline, EgyptAir, two weeks after an apparent terrorist bomb downed a Russian jet in the Sinai. ](/news/2015/11/13/metrojet-flight-9268-as-a-temporary-security-measure-effective-saturday-russia-bans-incoming-flights-by-egypt-s-state-owned-airline-egyp.md) _Context: Egypt, Sinai_
6. [Kogalymavia Flight 9268. A Russian Kogalymavia Airbus A-321 airliner crashes in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula with 224 passengers on board travelling from Sharm el-Sheikh to St Petersburg. ](/news/2015/10/31/kogalymavia-flight-9268-a-russian-kogalymavia-airbus-a-321-airliner-crashes-in-egypt-s-sinai-peninsula-with-224-passengers-on-board-travell.md) _Context: Egypt, Sinai_
7. [Sinai insurgency: July 2015 Sinai attacks. Egypt vows to continue an offensive on the Sinai Peninsula until ISIL militants have been removed. A hundred people have been killed in fighting in the past two days. ](/news/2015/07/2/sinai-insurgency-july-2015-sinai-attacks-egypt-vows-to-continue-an-offensive-on-the-sinai-peninsula-until-isil-militants-have-been-removed.md) _Context: Egypt, Sinai_
8. [Sinai insurgency. A suicide bomber kills one person and injures 24 in an attack on a police station in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula. ](/news/2015/03/10/sinai-insurgency-a-suicide-bomber-kills-one-person-and-injures-24-in-an-attack-on-a-police-station-in-egypt-s-sinai-peninsula.md) _Context: Egypt, Sinai_
9. [Sinai insurgency. Egypt declares a three month state of emergency for parts of the Sinai Peninsula after at least 31 soldiers are killed in two attacks there. ](/news/2014/10/25/sinai-insurgency-egypt-declares-a-three-month-state-of-emergency-for-parts-of-the-sinai-peninsula-after-at-least-31-soldiers-are-killed-in.md) _Context: Egypt, Sinai_
10. [44 people are killed and 41 injured after two buses crash in the south of Egypt's Sinai Peninsula. ](/news/2014/08/22/44-people-are-killed-and-41-injured-after-two-buses-crash-in-the-south-of-egypt-s-sinai-peninsula.md) _Context: Egypt, Sinai_
