### [2008-05-1](/news/2008/05/1/index.md)

#  The United States Federal Reserve System auctions off $24.12 billion in Treasury securities to help relieve the subprime mortgage crisis. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Google News](http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5jC0Js_XMSCt-GDAijc3qIbjuVZIAD90D10685)

### Related:

1. [ The United States Federal Reserve System reports that banks are tightening lending standards on home mortgages, other types of consumer loans and business loans in response to the subprime mortgage crisis. ](/news/2008/05/5/the-united-states-federal-reserve-system-reports-that-banks-are-tightening-lending-standards-on-home-mortgages-other-types-of-consumer-loa.md) _Context: U.S., U.S. Federal Reserve, housing crisis_
2. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: U.S., US$_
3. [An Austrian court grants a United States request to extradite Ukrainian businessman Dmytro Firtash. U.S. officials accuse Firtash of being involved in a scandal where he allegedly paid US$18.5 million in bribes for a permit to mine titanium in India, something Firtash denies. ](/news/2017/02/21/an-austrian-court-grants-a-united-states-request-to-extradite-ukrainian-businessman-dmytro-firtash-u-s-officials-accuse-firtash-of-being-i.md) _Context: U.S., US$_
4. [The Federal Reserve System raises the benchmark interest rate in the United States to a level between 0.5 and 0.75%. This is the second time in a decade that the Federal Reserve has increased interest rates. ](/news/2016/12/14/the-federal-reserve-system-raises-the-benchmark-interest-rate-in-the-united-states-to-a-level-between-0-5-and-0-75-this-is-the-second-time.md) _Context: U.S., U.S. Federal Reserve_
5. [Volkswagen agrees to pay $175 million to United States lawyers suing the German automaker on behalf of the owners of 475,000 polluting vehicles. ](/news/2016/10/14/volkswagen-agrees-to-pay-175-million-to-united-states-lawyers-suing-the-german-automaker-on-behalf-of-the-owners-of-475-000-polluting-vehic.md) _Context: U.S., US$_
6. [Detroit, a city in which property values are among the lowest in the United States, is looking to reverse this. The Detroit Land Bank Authority is demolishing structures that are beyond repair and auction (bids start at $1,000) ones that are salvageable. ](/news/2015/11/27/detroit-a-city-in-which-property-values-are-among-the-lowest-in-the-united-states-is-looking-to-reverse-this-the-detroit-land-bank-author.md) _Context: U.S., auction_
7. [Rite Aid, one of the largest chains of pharmacies in the United States, announces that it is purchasing EnvisionRx, a pharmacy benefits manager, from TPG Capital, for $2 billion. ](/news/2015/02/11/rite-aid-one-of-the-largest-chains-of-pharmacies-in-the-united-states-announces-that-it-is-purchasing-envisionrx-a-pharmacy-benefits-mana.md) _Context: U.S., US$_
8. [The United States fines the Indian pharmaceutical company Ranbaxy Laboratories US$500 million after they are found guilty of selling adulterated drugs to the United States. ](/news/2013/05/14/the-united-states-fines-the-indian-pharmaceutical-company-ranbaxy-laboratories-us-500-million-after-they-are-found-guilty-of-selling-adulter.md) _Context: U.S., US$_
9. [For $8.5 billion, ten banks settle to stop mortgage foreclosure process audits. The United States government regulators had been engaged in a loan-by-loan review of home loan practices during the Great Recession. Bank of America, Citigroup Inc, JPMorgan Chase & Co, Wells Fargo & Co, MetLife Bank, Aurora Bank FSB, PNC Financial Services Group Inc, Sovereign Bank NA, SunTrust Banks Inc, and U.S. Bancorp settle with regulators to pay out cash up to $125,000 to homeowners whose homes were being foreclosed when the paperwork problems emerged. Further, Bank of America agrees to pay $11.6 billion to government mortgage finance company Fannie Mae. ](/news/2013/01/7/for-8-5-billion-ten-banks-settle-to-stop-mortgage-foreclosure-process-audits-the-united-states-government-regulators-had-been-engaged-in.md) _Context: U.S., US$_
10. [The Federal Reserve System starts a new campaign of increasing the money supply, the expected so-called QE3. But it says it buys mortgage-backed securities in an "open-ended" way, essentially "creating" 40 billion US$ each month. The Fed also considers other measures in a bid to stimulate the economy. ](/news/2012/09/13/the-federal-reserve-system-starts-a-new-campaign-of-increasing-the-money-supply-the-expected-so-called-qe3-but-it-says-it-buys-mortgage-ba.md) _Context: U.S. Federal Reserve, US$_
