### [2008-05-1](/news/2008/05/1/index.md)

#  Voters in England and Wales go to the polls for the United Kingdom local elections, 2008. Early results showed the opposition Conservative Party performing strongly with 44 per cent of the vote while the governing Labour Party was performing poorly with 24 per cent of the vote.




### Source:

1. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/localelections2008/1915828/Local-Election-2008-Tories-eyeing-Labour's-northern-heartlands.html)
2. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/localelections2008/1919672/Local-elections-2008-Labour-takes-a-local-election-hammering.html)

### Related:

1. [ The Labour Party performs poorly in local and regional elections in the UK, with the Scottish National Party winning the most seats in the Scottish Parliament and the Conservatives performing well in English local government elections. ](/news/2007/05/4/the-labour-party-performs-poorly-in-local-and-regional-elections-in-the-uk-with-the-scottish-national-party-winning-the-most-seats-in-the.md) _Context: Conservative Party, England, Labour_
2. [The Met Office issues travel warnings for parts of Wales, Scotland and England as Storm Doris, described as a "weather bomb", brings gales, heavy rain and snow to the United Kingdom. At least one person is killed. ](/news/2017/02/23/the-met-office-issues-travel-warnings-for-parts-of-wales-scotland-and-england-as-storm-doris-described-as-a-aweather-bomba-brings-gal.md) _Context: England, Wales_
3. [Labour's Gareth Snell holds off UKIP's leader Paul Nuttall to win the Stoke-on-Trent Central by-election, while Conservative Party candidate Trudy Harrison wins the Copeland by-election,  the first gain for a governing party since 1982. ](/news/2017/02/23/labour-s-gareth-snell-holds-off-ukip-s-leader-paul-nuttall-to-win-the-stoke-on-trent-central-by-election-while-conservative-party-candidate.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Labour_
4. [The United Kingdom posthumously pardons around 49,000 gay and bisexual men found guilty of decades-old sodomy laws in England and Wales.  Those still living can apply for a statutory pardon.  ](/news/2017/01/31/the-united-kingdom-posthumously-pardons-around-49-000-gay-and-bisexual-men-found-guilty-of-decades-old-sodomy-laws-in-england-and-wales-th.md) _Context: England, Wales_
5. [Thousands, including some  from Australia, protest in London, England, against the  renewal of the United Kingdom's Trident nuclear deterrent system, the largest anti-nuclear rally since 1983. Leader of the Labour Party Jeremy Corbyn, Scottish National Party leader and First Minister of Scotland Nicola Sturgeon, the Welsh Plaid Cymru Party, and the Green Party participated in the march. A parliamentary vote on renewing Trident is expected this year. ](/news/2016/02/27/thousands-including-some-from-australia-protest-in-london-england-against-the-renewal-of-the-united-kingdom-s-trident-nuclear-deterren.md) _Context: England, Wales_
6. [Tata Steel is to cut 1,050 jobs in the United Kingdom, with the majority going in South Wales. The Indian multinational steel-making company announced there will be 750 job losses at its Port Talbot Steelworks in Port Talbot, Wales while another 300 jobs will go at its plants in Corby and Hartlepool in England. ](/news/2016/01/18/tata-steel-is-to-cut-1-050-jobs-in-the-united-kingdom-with-the-majority-going-in-south-wales-the-indian-multinational-steel-making-company.md) _Context: England, Wales_
7. [The UK House of Commons passes an "English votes for English laws" bill by 312 to 270 votes giving English MPs a greater say over legislation that only applies to England. The bill has been fiercely opposed by the opposition Labour Party and the Scottish National Party. ](/news/2015/10/22/the-uk-house-of-commons-passes-an-english-votes-for-english-laws-bill-by-312-to-270-votes-giving-english-mps-a-greater-say-over-legislatio.md) _Context: England, Labour_
8. [Large areas of England and Wales are under flood warnings as another storm arrives. The Somerset Levels are the worst affected area. ](/news/2014/02/8/large-areas-of-england-and-wales-are-under-flood-warnings-as-another-storm-arrives-the-somerset-levels-are-the-worst-affected-area.md) _Context: England, Wales_
9. [The BBC is told that the UK's three main political parties, the Conservatives, Labour and the Liberal Democrats, will declare that whoever forms the government after the next general election will not agree to a currency union with an independent Scotland. ](/news/2014/02/12/the-bbc-is-told-that-the-uk-s-three-main-political-parties-the-conservatives-labour-and-the-liberal-democrats-will-declare-that-whoever-f.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Labour_
10. [2013-14 United Kingdom floods:The British Geological Society warns that 1.6 million properties in England and Wales are at risk from groundwater flooding with flood risks likely to be high until at least May. ](/news/2014/02/11/2013-14-united-kingdom-floods-pthe-british-geological-society-warns-that-1-6-million-properties-in-england-and-wales-are-at-risk-from-ground.md) _Context: England, Wales_
