### [2012-07-18](/news/2012/07/18/index.md)

# 2012 Burgas bus bombing:At least 6 Israeli tourists, men and women, are killed and more than 25 others are injured after a bomb explodes on an Israeli tourism bus  at Burgas Airport, Bulgaria. 

Over 30 wounded in explosion on bus carrying Israelis inside Burgas airport; Netanyahu says, &#8216;All signs point to Iran&#8217;; Israeli medical teams fly to the scene


### Source:

1. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/middle_east/at-least-6-killed-in-bulgaria-in-blast-on-bus-carrying-israeli-tourists/2012/07/18/gJQA1iUBuW_story.html?hpid=z2)
2. [Times of Israel](http://www.timesofisrael.com/explosion-rocks-israeli-tour-bus-in-bulgaria/)
3. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2012/07/18/world/europe/bulgaria-israel-blast/index.html?hpt=hp_t1)

### Related:

1. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: Bulgaria_
2. [Bulgarians vote to elect a new Prime Minister after the resignation of Boyko Borissov. Opinion polls predict a close contest between Borissov's centre-right GERB and the Socialist Party. ](/news/2017/03/26/bulgarians-vote-to-elect-a-new-prime-minister-after-the-resignation-of-boyko-borissov-opinion-polls-predict-a-close-contest-between-borisso.md) _Context: Bulgaria_
3. [At least seven people have been killed and 25 others are injured after an explosion caused by the derailment of a train carrying propane and butane in the Bulgarian village of Hitrino, near Shumen. ](/news/2016/12/10/at-least-seven-people-have-been-killed-and-25-others-are-injured-after-an-explosion-caused-by-the-derailment-of-a-train-carrying-propane-and.md) _Context: Bulgaria_
4. [Voters in Bulgaria go to the polls for a presidential election, with exit polls showing no candidate receiving the majority necessary to win outright, and Rumen Radev and Tsetska Tsacheva likely to face one another in a run-off on 13 November.   ](/news/2016/11/6/voters-in-bulgaria-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-with-exit-polls-showing-no-candidate-receiving-the-majority-necessary-to-win.md) _Context: Bulgaria_
5. [Russia's Foreign Ministry warns of "retaliatory measures" over the entry of the United States Navy destroyer, USS ''Porter''. The USS ''Porter'' arrived in the Black Sea port of Varna, Bulgaria, earlier this week for what the U.S. Navy called a routine deployment. ](/news/2016/06/10/russia-s-foreign-ministry-warns-of-retaliatory-measures-over-the-entry-of-the-united-states-navy-destroyer-uss-porter-the-uss-port.md) _Context: Bulgaria_
6. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Bulgaria_
7. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met today in Berlin with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu regarding the recent spate of violence between Palestinians and Israelis. Kerry will meet on Saturday with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and King Abdullah of Jordan in Amman. ](/news/2015/10/22/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-met-today-in-berlin-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-regarding-the-recent-spate-of-violence.md) _Context: Israelis_
8. [At least one person is reportedly killed after Bulgarian border guards open fire on a group of illegal migrants after they attempted to cross the border from Turkey. The incident happened near the southeastern town of Sredets. ](/news/2015/10/15/at-least-one-person-is-reportedly-killed-after-bulgarian-border-guards-open-fire-on-a-group-of-illegal-migrants-after-they-attempted-to-cros.md) _Context: Bulgaria_
9. [An Israeli is stabbed by a fellow Israeli Jew, because he is mistaken for an Arab. ](/news/2015/10/15/an-israeli-is-stabbed-by-a-fellow-israeli-jew-because-he-is-mistaken-for-an-arab.md) _Context: Israelis_
10. [A Palestinian man from the West Bank, Hamza Muhammad Hassan Matrouk, illegally crosses into Israel for the express purpose to stab people attacking over a dozen Israelis on a bus in central Tel Aviv. Security forces capture the assailant as he continued to indiscriminately stab people in the street. ](/news/2015/01/21/a-palestinian-man-from-the-west-bank-hamza-muhammad-hassan-matrouk-illegally-crosses-into-israel-for-the-express-purpose-to-stab-people-at.md) _Context: Israelis_
