### [2012-07-18](/news/2012/07/18/index.md)

# In Mexico, the PRD candidate, Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, accuses the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) of using illicit funds and laundering money to finance the campaign of Enrique Pena Nieto, the president-elect in the recent presidential elections. The PRI denies the claims and retorts that Lopez Obrador is acting out of desperation and irrationality. 




### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2012/jul/19/lopez-obrador-election-money-laundering)

### Related:

1. [Mexico's presidential runner-up and PRD candidate, Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, files a lawsuit against Enrique Pena Nieto for alleged vote-buyings, biased media coverage, and manipulated opinion polls in the recent Mexican elections. ](/news/2012/07/13/mexico-s-presidential-runner-up-and-prd-candidate-andra-c-s-manuel-la3pez-obrador-files-a-lawsuit-against-enrique-pea-a-nieto-for-alleged-vo.md) _Context: Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, Enrique Pena Nieto, Mexican presidential elections, Party of the Democratic Revolution_
2. [Mexican legislative election, 2015: Voters in Mexico go to the polls for a legislative election with reports of violence in southern states and widespread voter disillusionment. Exit polls show the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party of President Enrique Pena Nieto in a position to retain power. ](/news/2015/06/7/mexican-legislative-election-2015-voters-in-mexico-go-to-the-polls-for-a-legislative-election-with-reports-of-violence-in-southern-states.md) _Context: Enrique Pena Nieto, Institutional Revolutionary Party_
3. [Mexican inauguration:: Enrique Pena Nieto of the Institutional Revolutionary Party is sworn in as the President of Mexico as violent clashes occur outside. ](/news/2012/12/1/mexican-inauguration-enrique-pea-a-nieto-of-the-institutional-revolutionary-party-is-sworn-in-as-the-president-of-mexico-as-violent-clashe.md) _Context: Enrique Pena Nieto, Institutional Revolutionary Party_
4. [Enrique Pea Nieto of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) is declared the winner of the Mexican presidential elections. ](/news/2012/08/31/enrique-pena-nieto-of-the-institutional-revolutionary-party-pri-is-declared-the-winner-of-the-mexican-presidential-elections.md) _Context: Institutional Revolutionary Party, Mexican presidential elections_
5. [Tens of thousands of people demonstrate in Mexico City over alleged vote buying in the country's presidential election, which saw Enrique Pena Nieto elected. ](/news/2012/07/8/tens-of-thousands-of-people-demonstrate-in-mexico-city-over-alleged-vote-buying-in-the-country-s-presidential-election-which-saw-enrique-pe.md) _Context: Enrique Pena Nieto, Mexican presidential elections_
6. [After a partial vote recount, Enrique Pena Nieto is confirmed as the winner of the 2012 Mexican presidential election ](/news/2012/07/6/after-a-partial-vote-recount-enrique-pea-a-nieto-is-confirmed-as-the-winner-of-the-2012-mexican-presidential-election.md) _Context: Enrique Pena Nieto, Mexican presidential elections_
7. [A recount of ballot papers in the 2012 Mexican presidential election confirms Enrique Pena Nieto of the Institutional Revolutionary Party as the winner. ](/news/2012/07/5/a-recount-of-ballot-papers-in-the-2012-mexican-presidential-election-confirms-enrique-pena-nieto-of-the-institutional-revolutionary-party-as.md) _Context: Institutional Revolutionary Party, Mexican presidential elections_
8. [Voters in Mexico go to the polls for a general election with Institutional Revolutionary Party presidential candidate Enrique Pena Nieto claiming victory. ](/news/2012/07/1/voters-in-mexico-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-with-institutional-revolutionary-party-presidential-candidate-enrique-pena-nieto-cla.md) _Context: Institutional Revolutionary Party, Mexican presidential elections_
9. [Voters in Mexico go to the polls for local elections in the states of Mexico, Coahuila, Nayarit, Puebla and Hidalgo. [http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/07/03/us-mexico-elections-idUSTRE7621M120110703 (Reuters)]: Opposition PRI sweeps the three gubernatorial elections in the State of Mexico, Coahuila and Nayarit. [http://www.americasquarterly.org/node/2633 (Americas Quarterly)]: Eruviel Avila Villegas of the PRI is elected Governor of the State of Mexico, defeating Alejandro Encinas of the PRD by 40 points. [http://www.americasquarterly.org/node/2633 (Americas Quarterly)]: Ruben Moreira Valdez of the PRI is elected Governor of Coahuila.: Roberto Sandoval Castaneda of the PRI is elected Governor of Nayarit.](/news/2011/07/3/voters-in-mexico-go-to-the-polls-for-local-elections-in-the-states-of-mexico-coahuila-nayarit-puebla-and-hidalgo-http-www-reuters-com.md) _Context: Institutional Revolutionary Party, Party of the Democratic Revolution_
10. [2017 Mexico-United States diplomatic crisis: Australia-United States relations: Two transcripts of telephone conversations between U.S. President Donald Trump and foreign leaders are leaked. Trump was shown to disagree with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto on 27 January over the proposed border wall, and with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull the next day over the resettlement deal of refugees in Nauru and Manus. ](/news/2017/08/3/2017-mexico-united-states-diplomatic-crisis-australia-united-states-relations-two-transcripts-of-telephone-conversations-between-u-s.md) _Context: Enrique Pena Nieto_
