### [2012-07-18](/news/2012/07/18/index.md)

# Syrian uprising (2011-present):: 97 people are reportedly killed across Syria by the Syrian army. 

Nearly 100 people were killed on Wednesday in violence across Syria, including 16 in Damascus, said the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/ap-syrian-state-media-says-defense-minister-killed-in-suicide-bombing/2012/07/18/gJQANz7AtW_story.html?wpisrc=al_national)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-18882149)
3. [The Daily Star](http://www.dailystar.com.lb/News/Middle-East/2012/Jul-18/181068-nearly-100-killed-across-syria-including-16-in-damascus-ngo.ashx#axzz2119mPugC)
4. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/middleeast/syria/9408200/Syria-Security-building-in-Damascus-bombed.html)

### Related:

1. [Syrian uprising (2011-present):: 56 people are reportedly killed by the Syrian army, including a Red Crescent worker. ](/news/2012/07/11/syrian-uprising-2011-present-56-people-are-reportedly-killed-by-the-syrian-army-including-a-red-crescent-worker.md) _Context: Syrian Army, Syrian uprising (2011-present)_
2. [Arab Spring:: Syrian uprising:: The Syrian opposition claims that the Syrian Army has killed at least 41 people in the city of Hama over the past day. ](/news/2012/05/28/arab-spring-syrian-uprising-the-syrian-opposition-claims-that-the-syrian-army-has-killed-at-least-41-people-in-the-city-of-hama-over-the.md) _Context: Syrian Army, Syrian uprising (2011-present)_
3. [Syrian uprising: United Nations envoy Kofi Annan describes the situation in Syria as bleak, raising concerns about reports indicating that Syrian Army forces are conducting operations against opponents. ](/news/2012/04/25/syrian-uprising-united-nations-envoy-kofi-annan-describes-the-situation-in-syria-as-bleak-raising-concerns-about-reports-indicating-that-s.md) _Context: Syrian Army, Syrian uprising (2011-present)_
4. [Syrian Civil War: Central Syria campaign (July 2017-present): A Syrian Army commando unit backed by Russian warplanes and helicopters kills 25 ISIL militants in Central Syria, in the northeast of the Homs Governorate. ](/news/2017/08/13/syrian-civil-war-central-syria-campaign-july-2017-present-a-syrian-army-commando-unit-backed-by-russian-warplanes-and-helicopters-kill.md) _Context: Syrian Army_
5. [Israeli-Syrian ceasefire line incidents during the Syrian Civil War: Israel strikes two Syrian Army artillery positions and an ammunition truck in Quneitra Governorate, after stray shells from Syria land in the northern Golan Heights for a second day in a row. ](/news/2017/06/25/israeli-syrian-ceasefire-line-incidents-during-the-syrian-civil-war-israel-strikes-two-syrian-army-artillery-positions-and-an-ammunition.md) _Context: Syrian Army_
6. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Army captures at least 23 villages in North East Aleppo Governorate from ISIL in a matter of hours after an ISIL withdrawal caused by the SAA capturing Al-Khafsah. ](/news/2017/03/7/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-army-captures-at-least-23-villages-in-north-east-aleppo-governorate-from-isil-in-a-matter-of-hours-after-an-isi.md) _Context: Syrian Army_
7. [Syrian Civil War: East Aleppo offensive (February 2017): CJTFOIR deploys U.S. forces near Manbij to "reassure Coalition" members and to "deter aggression." This comes days after the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces' Manbij Military Council agreed to hand over territory west of Manbij to the Syrian Army to create a buffer zone between the SDF and Turkish-backed rebels. ](/news/2017/03/4/syrian-civil-war-east-aleppo-offensive-february-2017-cjtfoir-deploys-u-s-forces-near-manbij-to-reassure-coalition-members-and-to-det.md) _Context: Syrian Army_
8. [Israeli-Syrian ceasefire line incidents during the Syrian Civil War: March 2017 Israel-Syria incident: The Syrian Army shoots down an Israel Defense Forces (IDF) Skylark drone over Syria's Quneitra Governorate. ](/news/2017/03/20/israeli-syrian-ceasefire-line-incidents-during-the-syrian-civil-war-march-2017-israel-syria-incident-the-syrian-army-shoots-down-an-is.md) _Context: Syrian Army_
9. [Syrian Civil War: Palmyra offensive (2017): The Syrian Army and its allies recapture the ancient city of Palmyra from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2017/03/2/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-2017-the-syrian-army-and-its-allies-recapture-the-ancient-city-of-palmyra-from-the-islamic-state-of-i.md) _Context: Syrian Army_
10. [March 2017 Israel-Syria incident: Israeli-Syrian ceasefire line incidents during the Syrian Civil War: The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/march-2017-israel-syria-incident-israeli-syrian-ceasefire-line-incidents-during-the-syrian-civil-war-the-israeli-air-force-launches-se.md) _Context: Syrian Army_
