### [2012-07-18](/news/2012/07/18/index.md)

# The Indonesian Air Force will for the first time send 4 Sukhoi Su-27 jet fighters to participate in war games alongside Australian F/A-18 Hornets and U.S Fighter jets from the 27 July 2012 to 17 August 2012.

Indonesia will send its front-line Sukhoi jet fighters to take part in Australia&#039;s largest air combat exercise this month, signalling a new era of enhanced defence co-operation between the two countries.


### Source:

1. [Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/world/indonesian-jets-in-australian-war-games-20120717-228f3.html)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.smh.com.au/content/dam/images/2/2/8/w/b/image.related.thumbnail.320x214.228f3.png/1342544400000.jpg)

### Related:

1. [A Russian SU-27 fighter jet intercepts an American B-52 strategic bomber that was flying over international waters of the Baltic Sea parallel to the Russian border, and escorts the B-52 until it flew away from the border area. The United States military confirmed that the US Air Force B-52 was operating in international airspace, but had no further comment about the incident. ](/news/2017/06/6/a-russian-su-27-fighter-jet-intercepts-an-american-b-52-strategic-bomber-that-was-flying-over-international-waters-of-the-baltic-sea-paralle.md) _Context: Russian SU-27 fighter jet_
2. [The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria-following-russia-s-threat-that-it-would-treat-any-ai.md) _Context: Royal Australian Air Force_
3. [A Russian Sukhoi Su-27 fighter jet makes an "unsafe close-range intercept" of a United States Navy P-8A Poseidon over the Black Sea in international airspace, coming within 10 feet (3.3 m) of the U.S. aircraft. ](/news/2016/09/7/a-russian-sukhoi-su-27-fighter-jet-makes-an-unsafe-close-range-intercept-of-a-united-states-navy-p-8a-poseidon-over-the-black-sea-in-inter.md) _Context: Russian SU-27 fighter jet_
4. [Russia says it intercepted a U.S. Air Force plane approaching its border over the Baltic Sea on Friday because the aircraft had turned off its transponder which is needed for identification. The Pentagon says the U.S. RC-135 was flying a routine route in international airspace when the Russian SU-27 fighter intercepted it in an "unsafe and unprofessional" way. ](/news/2016/04/30/russia-says-it-intercepted-a-u-s-air-force-plane-approaching-its-border-over-the-baltic-sea-on-friday-because-the-aircraft-had-turned-off-i.md) _Context: Russian SU-27 fighter jet_
5. [A Russian Su-27 jet intercepts a United States Air Force RC-135 reconnaissance plane while in international airspace over the Baltic Sea. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry says, "We condemn this kind of behavior. It is reckless. It is provocative. It is dangerous." ](/news/2016/04/17/a-russian-su-27-jet-intercepts-a-united-states-air-force-rc-135-reconnaissance-plane-while-in-international-airspace-over-the-baltic-sea-u.md) _Context: Russian SU-27 fighter jet_
6. [A United States Air Force Boeing RC-135 reconnaissance aircraft was intercepted and threatened by a Russian Sukhoi Su-27 fighter jet in international airspace over the Baltic Sea on Thursday (April 14), according to the United States European Command (EUCOM). ](/news/2016/04/16/a-united-states-air-force-boeing-rc-135-reconnaissance-aircraft-was-intercepted-and-threatened-by-a-russian-sukhoi-su-27-fighter-jet-in-inte.md) _Context: Russian SU-27 fighter jet_
7. [An Indonesian Air Force plane on a routine training flight crashes into a house in the city of Malang in the East Java province, killing four people and injuring one. ](/news/2016/02/10/an-indonesian-air-force-plane-on-a-routine-training-flight-crashes-into-a-house-in-the-city-of-malang-in-the-east-java-province-killing-fou.md) _Context: Indonesian Air Force_
8. [An Indonesian Air Force Fokker 27 crashes in a residential complex in the Indonesian capital of Jakarta, killing at least six people. ](/news/2012/06/21/an-indonesian-air-force-fokker-27-crashes-in-a-residential-complex-in-the-indonesian-capital-of-jakarta-killing-at-least-six-people.md) _Context: Indonesian Air Force_
9. [A Russian Air Force Sukhoi Su-27 aircraft crashes in the Russian Far East; both pilots are rescued alive. ](/news/2010/09/20/a-russian-air-force-sukhoi-su-27-aircraft-crashes-in-the-russian-far-east-both-pilots-are-rescued-alive.md) _Context: Russian SU-27 fighter jet_
10. [The Indonesian Air Force announces plans to buy six more Sukhoi fighter aircraft. ](/news/2010/09/17/the-indonesian-air-force-announces-plans-to-buy-six-more-sukhoi-fighter-aircraft.md) _Context: Indonesian Air Force_
