### [2013-01-9](/news/2013/01/9/index.md)

# Syrian civil war:: Forty-eight Iranians who were kidnapped by Free Syrian Army rebels in the capital Damascus in August 2012 are released in exchange for 2,130 prisoners held by the Syrian government. 

Forty-eight Iranians held hostage by Syrian rebels since August are freed, reportedly in exchange for 2,130 prisoners held by the Syrian authorities.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-20958065)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: Artillery strikes in Damascus during a visit by the Foreign Minister of Iran Mohammad Javad Zarif kill at least 40 people and wound more than 180. ](/news/2015/08/12/syrian-civil-war-artillery-strikes-in-damascus-during-a-visit-by-the-foreign-minister-of-iran-mohammad-javad-zarif-kill-at-least-40-people.md) _Context: Damascus, Iran, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Syrian civil war:: Israeli aircraft hit at least six targets near Damascus, targeting Iranian-made Fateh-110 missile shipments en route to Hezbollah. ](/news/2013/05/5/syrian-civil-war-israeli-aircraft-hit-at-least-six-targets-near-damascus-targeting-iranian-made-fateh-110-missile-shipments-en-route-to-h.md) _Context: Damascus, Iran, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian civil war:: Government forces conduct air raids against rebels south of Damascus, as well as in Aleppo, with local observers reporting dozens of deaths, including children. ](/news/2013/01/14/syrian-civil-war-government-forces-conduct-air-raids-against-rebels-south-of-damascus-as-well-as-in-aleppo-with-local-observers-reportin.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Government_
4. [Syrian civil war:: Syrian jets bombard rebel positions in Damascus as a country-wide Internet and phone blackout enters a third day. Government officials announce the road to the airport in the capital has been secured, though rebels insist clashes are ongoing. ](/news/2012/12/1/syrian-civil-war-syrian-jets-bombard-rebel-positions-in-damascus-as-a-country-wide-internet-and-phone-blackout-enters-a-third-day-governm.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Government_
5. [Syrian Civil War: A day after a Russian sponsored ceasefire with a rebel group agreed a halt of fighting in the last opposition enclave in the capital, Syrian government airplanes and artillery strike rebel-held eastern Damascus suburbs and Ghouta with barrel bombs, killing at least five civilians in the towns of Hamouriya and Zalamka with several case of suffocation from rockets filled with chlorine that were fired at the front lines of Jobar and Ain Terma. ](/news/2017/08/19/syrian-civil-war-a-day-after-a-russian-sponsored-ceasefire-with-a-rebel-group-agreed-a-halt-of-fighting-in-the-last-opposition-enclave-in-t.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian Civil War: ISIL forces raid an Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps base in vast desert spaces of eastern Homs Governorate, Syria, manned by between 12 to 18 fighters, all but one of which are killed. ](/news/2017/08/11/syrian-civil-war-isil-forces-raid-an-iranian-islamic-revolutionary-guard-corps-base-in-vast-desert-spaces-of-eastern-homs-governorate-syri.md) _Context: Iran, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian Civil War: Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-civil-war-syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-o.md) _Context: Free Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian Civil War: Three suicide bombers in Damascus kill at least 21 people and wound 12 others. ](/news/2017/07/2/syrian-civil-war-three-suicide-bombers-in-damascus-kill-at-least-21-people-and-wound-12-others.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian Civil War: 2017 Deir ez-Zor missile strike: Iran fires medium range ballistic missiles from western Iran to ISIL targets in Deir ez-Zor Governorate, eastern Syria, in retaliation for the June 7 Tehran attacks. ](/news/2017/06/18/syrian-civil-war-2017-deir-ez-zor-missile-strike-iran-fires-medium-range-ballistic-missiles-from-western-iran-to-isil-targets-in-deir-ez-z.md) _Context: Iran, Syrian Civil War_
10. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Iran, Syrian Civil War_
