### [2013-01-9](/news/2013/01/9/index.md)

# The Venezuelan Supreme Tribunal of Justice rules that the latest inauguration of President Hugo Chavez can be deferred while his recovery continues from a cancer operation. 

Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez remained on his sickbed in Cuba on Thursday while supporters planned to rally in his honor on the day he should have been sworn in for a new six-year term in the South American OPEC nation.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/01/10/us-venezuela-chavez-idUSBRE9080WP20130110)

### Related:

1. [2017 Venezuelan protests. The birthplace of late President Hugo Chavez is burned by protesters as violence and looting spreads through Barinas, Venezuela following the death of a protester. ](/news/2017/05/22/2017-venezuelan-protests-the-birthplace-of-late-president-hugo-cha-vez-is-burned-by-protesters-as-violence-and-looting-spreads-through-bari.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, President, Venezuela_
2. [Constitution of Venezuela. Venezuela's Supreme Tribunal rules that opposition's proposed amendment to change the President's term of office from six to four years can not be applied retroactively, thereby ending this attempt to cut short President Nicolas Maduro's time in office. ](/news/2016/04/25/constitution-of-venezuela-venezuela-s-supreme-tribunal-rules-that-opposition-s-proposed-amendment-to-change-the-president-s-term-of-office.md) _Context: President, Supreme Tribunal, Venezuela_
3. [Nicolas Maduro, acting President of Venezuela, officially begins his campaign to succeed Hugo Chavez in the late leader's hometown ahead of the April 14 election. ](/news/2013/04/3/nicola-s-maduro-acting-president-of-venezuela-officially-begins-his-campaign-to-succeed-hugo-cha-vez-in-the-late-leader-s-hometown-ahead-o.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, President, Venezuela_
4. [Nicolas Maduro wins a narrow victory in Venezuela's presidential election over Henrique Capriles. Maduro is due to be sworn in as President of Venezuela on 19 April and is set to serve until January 2019, to complete the term of recently deceased President Hugo Chavez. Capriles refuses to acknowledge defeat and calls for a recount. ](/news/2013/04/15/nicola-s-maduro-wins-a-narrow-victory-in-venezuela-s-presidential-election-over-henrique-capriles-maduro-is-due-to-be-sworn-in-as-president.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, President, Venezuela_
5. [Voters in Venezuela go to the polls for a snap presidential election, which was called after the death of President Hugo Chavez on March 5. ](/news/2013/04/14/voters-in-venezuela-go-to-the-polls-for-a-snap-presidential-election-which-was-called-after-the-death-of-president-hugo-cha-vez-on-march-5.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, President, Venezuela_
6. [Following the state funeral of former President of Venezuela Hugo Chavez, Vice President Nicolas Maduro is officially sworn in as Interim President. ](/news/2013/03/8/following-the-state-funeral-of-former-president-of-venezuela-hugo-cha-vez-vice-president-nicola-s-maduro-is-officially-sworn-in-as-interim.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, President, Venezuela_
7. [Death of Hugo Chavez:. Hugo Chavez, the President of Venezuela, dies in office at the age of 58 in the capital, Caracas. ](/news/2013/03/5/death-of-hugo-cha-vez-hugo-cha-vez-the-president-of-venezuela-dies-in-office-at-the-age-of-58-in-the-capital-caracas.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, President, Venezuela_
8. [Venezuelan Cabinet ministers get together to pray for the recovery of President Hugo Chavez, who is in Cuba recovering from a cancer operation. ](/news/2012/12/31/venezuelan-cabinet-ministers-get-together-to-pray-for-the-recovery-of-president-hugo-cha-vez-who-is-in-cuba-recovering-from-a-cancer-operat.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, President, Venezuela_
9. [Nicolas Maduro, the Vice President of Venezuela, warns that President Hugo Chavez faces a "difficult" recovery from cancer surgery in Cuba. ](/news/2012/12/12/nicola-s-maduro-the-vice-president-of-venezuela-warns-that-president-hugo-cha-vez-faces-a-difficult-recovery-from-cancer-surgery-in-cuba.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, President, Venezuela_
10. [Colombia-Venezuela relations:. Venezuela and Colombia re-establish diplomatic relations after a meeting between recently inaugurated President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos and Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez in Santa Marta, Colombia, mediated by UNASUR Secretary General Nestor Kirchner. ](/news/2010/08/11/colombia-venezuela-relations-venezuela-and-colombia-re-establish-diplomatic-relations-after-a-meeting-between-recently-inaugurated-preside.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, President, Venezuela_
