### [2011-06-1](/news/2011/06/1/index.md)

# A United Nations report states that there are 2 million adolescents in the world living with HIV with 86 per cent of them living in sub-Saharan Africa. 




### Source:

1. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english2010/health/2011-06/02/c_13906284.htm)

### Related:

1. [The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends everyone diagnosed with HIV immediately receive antiretroviral therapy and recommends preventative treatment for all at "substantial risk" of infection. Previously, the UN health agency had recommended to physicians that the threshold for patient intervention was the presentation of symptoms. ](/news/2015/10/1/the-world-health-organization-who-recommends-everyone-diagnosed-with-hiv-immediately-receive-antiretroviral-therapy-and-recommends-prevent.md) _Context: HIV, United Nations_
2. [ The United Nations reduces its estimate of how many people are infected with HIV in 2007 from nearly 40 million to 33 million. ](/news/2007/11/20/the-united-nations-reduces-its-estimate-of-how-many-people-are-infected-with-hiv-in-2007-from-nearly-40-million-to-33-million.md) _Context: HIV, United Nations_
3. [ United Nations warns that about 90 million Africans could be infected by HIV in the future without further action against the spread of the disease. See AIDS in Africa. ](/news/2005/03/4/united-nations-warns-that-about-90-million-africans-could-be-infected-by-hiv-in-the-future-without-further-action-against-the-spread-of-the.md) _Context: HIV, United Nations_
4. [The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-122-in-favour-1-abstention-and-1-against-the.md) _Context: United Nations_
5. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
6. [The United Nations confirms that the FARC has completed its disarmament process, with former rebels due to make the transition to civilian life and the group to transform into a legal political party in the country. ](/news/2017/06/26/the-united-nations-confirms-that-the-farc-has-completed-its-disarmament-process-with-former-rebels-due-to-make-the-transition-to-civilian-l.md) _Context: United Nations_
7. [The United Nations Human Rights Council conducts a periodic review of the human rights situation in the Philippines. ](/news/2017/05/8/the-united-nations-human-rights-council-conducts-a-periodic-review-of-the-human-rights-situation-in-the-philippines.md) _Context: United Nations_
8. [Philippine vice president Leni Robredo faces an impeachment charge before the House of Representatives for condemning the country's war on drugs at the United Nations. ](/news/2017/05/2/philippine-vice-president-leni-robredo-faces-an-impeachment-charge-before-the-house-of-representatives-for-condemning-the-country-s-war-on-d.md) _Context: United Nations_
9. [According to the International Committee of the Red Cross, at least 115 human bodies are discovered in the border town of Bangassou, more than previously thought. A few days prior, militias attacked the town, with the United Nations reporting that at least 26 people were killed. ](/news/2017/05/17/according-to-the-international-committee-of-the-red-cross-at-least-115-human-bodies-are-discovered-in-the-border-town-of-bangassou-more-th.md) _Context: United Nations_
10. [The United Nations announces expansion of civilian camps for people fleeing Mosul, following resumption of airstrikes  on ISIL-held portions of the Iraqi city. ](/news/2017/04/4/the-united-nations-announces-expansion-of-civilian-camps-for-people-fleeing-mosul-following-resumption-of-airstrikes-on-isil-held-portions.md) _Context: United Nations_
