### [2011-06-1](/news/2011/06/1/index.md)

# The Committee to Protect Journalists claims that there have been 251 murders of journalists in 13 countries where the murderer has remained unpunished in the past decade with Iraq, Somalia, the Philippines and Sri Lanka being considered the worst environments for journalists. 

More than 251 journalists in 13 countries were killed &quot;with impunity&quot; in the past decade, the Committee to Protect Journalists reports.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-13611500)
1. [Cover Image](https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/53090000/jpg/_53090217_journomurderedafp-casket464x261.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Off the northern coast of Somalia, Somali pirates hijack the "Aris 13", a United Arab Emirates-owned oil tanker, kidnapping eight Sri Lankan crew members. This is the first hijacking of a large commercial vessel in five years. ](/news/2017/03/14/off-the-northern-coast-of-somalia-somali-pirates-hijack-the-aris-13-a-united-arab-emirates-owned-oil-tanker-kidnapping-eight-sri-lankan.md) _Context: Somalia, Sri Lanka_
2. [Travelers from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, and Yemen are blocked from entering the United States as the executive order takes effect. ](/news/2017/01/28/travelers-from-iran-iraq-libya-somalia-sudan-syria-and-yemen-are-blocked-from-entering-the-united-states-as-the-executive-order-takes.md) _Context: Iraq, Somalia_
3. [President Trump signs an executive order limiting refugees and immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries, including Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. The order also prioritizes the vetting of Christian refugees of the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2017/01/27/president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-limiting-refugees-and-immigration-from-seven-muslim-majority-countries-including-iran-iraq-libya.md) _Context: Iraq, Somalia_
4. [Reporters Without Borders releases their annual report regarding press freedom around the world with 71 journalists killed in 2013 so far. The deadliest countries are Syria, India, the Philippines, Pakistan, and Somalia while the worst jailers are China, Turkey, Eritrea, Iran, and Syria. ](/news/2013/12/19/reporters-without-borders-releases-their-annual-report-regarding-press-freedom-around-the-world-with-71-journalists-killed-in-2013-so-far-t.md) _Context: Philippines, Somalia_
5. [Human Rights Watch and the Committee to Protect Journalists criticize the administration of Philippine President Benigno Aquino III for his failure to protect journalists after the deaths of at least 12 in 2013. ](/news/2013/12/12/human-rights-watch-and-the-committee-to-protect-journalists-criticize-the-administration-of-philippine-president-benigno-aquino-iii-for-his.md) _Context: Committee to Protect Journalists, Philippines_
6. [ The Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ) labels the Maguindanao massacre in the Philippines the "single deadliest event for the press" ever documented. ](/news/2009/11/26/the-committee-to-protect-journalists-cpj-labels-the-maguindanao-massacre-in-the-philippines-the-single-deadliest-event-for-the-press-ev.md) _Context: Committee to Protect Journalists, Philippines_
7. [ Al Qaeda's Deputy Leader Ayman al-Zawahri claims that the United States is being defeated in Iraq, Afghanistan, Somalia and North Africa. ](/news/2007/09/20/al-qaeda-s-deputy-leader-ayman-al-zawahri-claims-that-the-united-states-is-being-defeated-in-iraq-afghanistan-somalia-and-north-africa.md) _Context: Iraq, Somalia_
8. [ Following the decision of the Philippines to accede to hostage-takers' demands that it withdraw all 51 soldiers from Iraq, militants in Iraq abduct three Indians, two Kenyans and an Egyptian, announcing that the hostages would be beheaded unless their countries immediately announce the withdrawal of troops from Iraq.](/news/2004/07/21/following-the-decision-of-the-philippines-to-accede-to-hostage-takers-demands-that-it-withdraw-all-51-soldiers-from-iraq-militants-in-ira.md) _Context: Iraq, Philippines_
9. [ Gloria Arroyo, President of the Philippines, confirms that hostage Angelo de la Cruz has been freed by his captors after their demands for a one-month-early withdrawal of all 51 Filipino troops from Iraq were met. ](/news/2004/07/20/gloria-arroyo-president-of-the-philippines-confirms-that-hostage-angelo-de-la-cruz-has-been-freed-by-his-captors-after-their-demands-for.md) _Context: Iraq, Philippines_
10. [ Acceding to the demands of Iraqi militants who kidnapped and threaten to behead truck driver Angelo de la Cruz, the Philippines agrees to withdraw from Iraq. Eleven soldiers leave today, while the remaining 32 are slated to withdraw at a later date. ](/news/2004/07/16/acceding-to-the-demands-of-iraqi-militants-who-kidnapped-and-threaten-to-behead-truck-driver-angelo-de-la-cruz-the-philippines-agrees-to-w.md) _Context: Iraq, Philippines_
