### [2006-09-29](/news/2006/09/29/index.md)

#  Rep. Mark Foley, R-Fla., resigns from the United States House of Representatives in the wake of questions about e-mails and instant messages he wrote to a former Capitol page. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Sun Sentinel](http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/local/palmbeach/sfl-929foley,0,7432259.story?coll=sfla-news-palm)
2. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/aponline/washington/29wire-foley.html?ref=washington)

### Related:

1. [ Former U.S. Rep. Mark Foley, under FBI investigation for e-mail exchanges with teenage congressional pages, has checked himself into rehabilitation facility for alcoholism treatment.](/news/2006/10/2/former-u-s-rep-mark-foley-under-fbi-investigation-for-e-mail-exchanges-with-teenage-congressional-pages-has-checked-himself-into-rehabi.md) _Context: Mark Foley, United States House of Representatives, e-mail_
2. [ Speaker of the United States House of Representatives Dennis Hastert sits down with ethics investigators trying to determine when he and his staff learned about ex-Rep. Mark Foley's come-ons to former male pages and what they did to stop it. ](/news/2006/10/24/speaker-of-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-dennis-hastert-sits-down-with-ethics-investigators-trying-to-determine-when-he-and-hi.md) _Context: Mark Foley, United States House of Representatives_
3. [ The United States House of Representatives reject a Republican resolution offered by Duncan Hunter (R-California) "expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the deployment of United States forces in Iraq be terminated immediately" by a vote of 403-3. Ohio Republican Jean Schmidt is forced by Democratic (and quiet Republican) protests to apologise to Pennsylvania Democrat John Murtha for quoting a Marine who said those wishing to "cut and run" from Iraq are called "cowards" The Marine she claimed to be quoting told he never said any such thing. ](/news/2005/11/18/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-reject-a-republican-resolution-offered-by-duncan-hunter-r-california-expressing-the-sense-of.md) _Context: Republican, United States House of Representatives_
4. [ Democrat Stephanie Herseth narrowly defeats Republican Larry Diedrich in a closely watched by-election for South Dakota's US House seat. ](/news/2004/06/1/democrat-stephanie-herseth-narrowly-defeats-republican-larry-diedrich-in-a-closely-watched-by-election-for-south-dakota-s-us-house-seat.md) _Context: Republican, United States House of Representatives_
5. [ U.S. presidential election : An advertisement for John Kerry placed in a newspaper in Gulfport, Florida by a local Democratic Party club gets negative national publicity, as it suggests shooting United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld. The ad was placed by the Saint Petersburg Democratic Club of Florida, and has been condemned by both Republicans and Democrats, including Kerry's campaign. ](/news/2004/04/14/u-s-presidential-election-an-advertisement-for-john-kerry-placed-in-a-newspaper-in-gulfport-florida-by-a-local-democratic-party-club-ge.md) _Context: Florida, Republican_
6. [Hurricane Irma is now a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph (215 km/h). Hurricane warnings are issued for the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean, which are expected to be affected Tuesday. Rainfalls of up to 10 inches (25 centimeters) are possible. Irma is forecast to strengthen over the next 48 hours. The governors of Puerto Rico and Florida issue states of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/4/hurricane-irma-is-now-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph-215-km-h-hurricane-warnings-are-issued-for-the-leewa.md) _Context: Florida_
7. [Hurricane Irma makes landfall in Florida as a category 4 hurricane, killing at least three people and knocking out power to over one million households. ](/news/2017/09/10/hurricane-irma-makes-landfall-in-florida-as-a-category-4-hurricane-killing-at-least-three-people-and-knocking-out-power-to-over-one-million.md) _Context: Florida_
8. [The United States House of Representatives pass a bill ending Dodd-Frank regulations. The bill now goes to the Senate where it is expected to not go through. ](/news/2017/06/8/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-pass-a-bill-ending-doddafrank-regulations-the-bill-now-goes-to-the-senate-where-it-is-expected.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
9. [A discharged 45-year-old former employee shoots and kills five people at a manufacturing business in Orlando, Florida, United States. The shooter took his own life afterwards. Eight others inside the workplace survived. ](/news/2017/06/5/a-discharged-45-year-old-former-employee-shoots-and-kills-five-people-at-a-manufacturing-business-in-orlando-florida-united-states-the-sh.md) _Context: Florida_
10. [The United States Air Force's unmanned spacecraft X-37B successfully lands at Kennedy Space Center's Shuttle Landing Facility in Merritt Island, Florida, after spending a record-breaking 718 days in orbit. The landing was responsible for reports of sonic booms across central Florida. ](/news/2017/05/7/the-united-states-air-force-s-unmanned-spacecraft-x-37b-successfully-lands-at-kennedy-space-center-s-shuttle-landing-facility-in-merritt-isl.md) _Context: Florida_
