### [2003-12-19](/news/2003/12/19/index.md)

#  A revised plan is unveiled for the new Freedom Tower which will be erected on the site of the World Trade Center in New York City. At a symbolic height of 1,776 feet (541 m) (1776 is significant as the year of the United States Declaration of Independence) the projected edifice will be among the tallest buildings in the world. 




### Related:

1. [One World Trade Center officially opens, replacing its predecessor 13 years after the September 11 attacks. ](/news/2014/11/3/one-world-trade-center-officially-opens-replacing-its-predecessor-13-years-after-the-september-11-attacks.md) _Context: One World Trade Center, predecessor_
2. [Four men are arrested after BASE jumping from the top of the World Trade Center in New York City. ](/news/2014/03/25/four-men-are-arrested-after-base-jumping-from-the-top-of-the-world-trade-center-in-new-york-city.md) _Context: New York City, One World Trade Center_
3. [A welding fire breaks out but is soon extinguished, with no injuries, on the 88th floor of One World Trade Center in New York City.](/news/2012/08/8/a-welding-fire-breaks-out-but-is-soon-extinguished-with-no-injuries-on-the-88th-floor-of-one-world-trade-center-in-new-york-city.md) _Context: New York City, One World Trade Center_
4. [ Construction begins on the Freedom Tower in New York City breaking a deadlock between the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which owns the site, and private developer Larry Silverstein.  The 1,776-foot tower is the centerpiece of the rebuilding effort for the World Trade Center, which was destroyed in the September 11, 2001, attacks. ](/news/2006/04/27/construction-begins-on-the-freedom-tower-in-new-york-city-breaking-a-deadlock-between-the-port-authority-of-new-york-and-new-jersey-which.md) _Context: One World Trade Center, predecessor_
5. [ September 11 attacks: Planes are hijacked by al-Qaeda members and flown into the World Trade Center in New York City, The Pentagon, and a field in Pennsylvania, killing 2,996 people.](/news/2001/09/11/september-11-attacks-planes-are-hijacked-by-al-qaeda-members-and-flown-into-the-world-trade-center-in-new-york-city-the-pentagon-and-a-f.md) _Context: New York City, predecessor_
6. [A doctor thought to be formerly employed with the Bronx-Lebanon Hospital Center kills one and wounds five others at the facility in New York City. ](/news/2017/06/30/a-doctor-thought-to-be-formerly-employed-with-the-bronx-lebanon-hospital-center-kills-one-and-wounds-five-others-at-the-facility-in-new-york.md) _Context: New York City_
7. [The Tony Awards are held in New York City with ''Dear Evan Hansen'' winning six awards including Best Musical and ''Oslo'' winning best play. ](/news/2017/06/11/the-tony-awards-are-held-in-new-york-city-with-dear-evan-hansen-winning-six-awards-including-best-musical-and-oslo-winning-best-play.md) _Context: New York City_
8. [An automobile crashes into pedestrians in New York City's Times Square, killing one person and injuring several others. Police are investigating the incident as an accident. ](/news/2017/05/18/an-automobile-crashes-into-pedestrians-in-new-york-city-s-times-square-killing-one-person-and-injuring-several-others-police-are-investiga.md) _Context: New York City_
9. [A second parchment manuscript of the United States Declaration of Independence is discovered by Harvard University researchers, in a record office in Chichester, United Kingdom. ](/news/2017/04/21/a-second-parchment-manuscript-of-the-united-states-declaration-of-independence-is-discovered-by-harvard-university-researchers-in-a-record.md) _Context: United States Declaration of Independence_
10. [Amtrak Police taser a man at New York's Penn Station after the man allegedly became agitated due to a delayed train. Bystanders, falsely believing a shooting had occurred, caused a stampede, injuring more than a dozen people. ](/news/2017/04/14/amtrak-police-taser-a-man-at-new-york-s-penn-station-after-the-man-allegedly-became-agitated-due-to-a-delayed-train-bystanders-falsely-bel.md) _Context: New York City_
