### [2003-12-19](/news/2003/12/19/index.md)

#  Australia sends AU$1.2m to Nauru so that the Pacific island-state can pay its public servants before Christmas in a move that Foreign Minister Alexander Downer says illustrates the need for long-term solutions to the island's deep-seated problems. [http://www.theage.com.au/articles/2003/12/19/1071337160714.html]




### Related:

1. [Australia-United States relations. Australia and the United States reach a deal to relocate asylum seekers from Nauru and Papua New Guinea's Manus Island to the U.S. ](/news/2016/11/13/australia-united-states-relations-australia-and-the-united-states-reach-a-deal-to-relocate-asylum-seekers-from-nauru-and-papua-new-guinea.md) _Context: Australia, Nauru_
2. [A Somali asylum seeker sets herself alight in Nauru to protest her detention on the island by Australia, one week after an Iranian asylum seeker did the same thing. ](/news/2016/05/2/a-somali-asylum-seeker-sets-herself-alight-in-nauru-to-protest-her-detention-on-the-island-by-australia-one-week-after-an-iranian-asylum-se.md) _Context: Australia, Nauru_
3. [An Iranian asylum seeker self-immolates himself in Nauru to protest Australia's treatment of refugees. The protest coincides with a visit by representatives from the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees to the island. Instead of admitting refugees into the country, Australia has been sending them to Nauru or Papua New Guinea. ](/news/2016/04/27/an-iranian-asylum-seeker-self-immolates-himself-in-nauru-to-protest-australia-s-treatment-of-refugees-the-protest-coincides-with-a-visit-by.md) _Context: Australia, Nauru_
4. [New Zealand Prime Minister John Key says his country is willing to accept some asylum seekers from the Middle East and Asia, currently in detention camps on impoverished Pacific island nations. Presently, 267 refugees in Australia for medical treatment, some accompanied by a relative, are set to be returned to Nauru-s detention camp. Australia is hesitant about the offer, concerned that it could encourage people smugglers. ](/news/2016/02/19/new-zealand-prime-minister-john-key-says-his-country-is-willing-to-accept-some-asylum-seekers-from-the-middle-east-and-asia-currently-in-de.md) _Context: Australia, Nauru_
5. [Australia is to send refugees from Nauru and Manus Island to the Philippines. ](/news/2015/10/9/australia-is-to-send-refugees-from-nauru-and-manus-island-to-the-philippines.md) _Context: Australia, Nauru_
6. [The government of Nauru announces that the Nauru Detention Centre will become an "open facility" where people seeking asylum in Australia will be able to move freely around the island. ](/news/2015/10/5/the-government-of-nauru-announces-that-the-nauru-detention-centre-will-become-an-open-facility-where-people-seeking-asylum-in-australia-wi.md) _Context: Australia, Nauru_
7. [Pacific Solution:. The small Pacific state of Nauru has run out of money following a legal dispute in Australia. ](/news/2014/09/26/pacific-solution-the-small-pacific-state-of-nauru-has-run-out-of-money-following-a-legal-dispute-in-australia.md) _Context: Australia, Nauru_
8. [Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard, on a trip to Shanghai, China, announces that the Australian dollar is set to trade directly with the Chinese yuan, becoming the third currency to do so. ](/news/2013/04/8/australian-prime-minister-julia-gillard-on-a-trip-to-shanghai-china-announces-that-the-australian-dollar-is-set-to-trade-directly-with-th.md) _Context: A$, Australia_
9. [A total solar eclipse occurred in parts of Australia and the South Pacific. The most populous city to experience totality was Cairns. ](/news/2012/11/13/a-total-solar-eclipse-occurred-in-parts-of-australia-and-the-south-pacific-the-most-populous-city-to-experience-totality-was-cairns.md) _Context: Australia, Pacific_
10. [Australia's National Broadband Network and telecommunications company Telstra reach an A$11 billion dollar deal to allow the network to use Telstra's existing network and infrastructure. ](/news/2011/06/23/australia-s-national-broadband-network-and-telecommunications-company-telstra-reach-an-a-11-billion-dollar-deal-to-allow-the-network-to-use.md) _Context: A$, Australia_
