### [2003-12-19](/news/2003/12/19/index.md)

#  In a major blow to the recording industry's efforts to stamp out online file sharing, a United States federal appeals court invalidates subpoenas issued against Verizon to identify individual P2P users. [http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/A14836-2003Dec19.html]




### Related:

1. [It is revealed that the United States has subpoenaed Twitter for personal information regarding people connected to Wikileaks, including founder Julian Assange, suspected source of leaks Bradley Manning, and supporter Birgitta Jonsdottir, a member of Iceland's Althing. ](/news/2011/01/8/it-is-revealed-that-the-united-states-has-subpoenaed-twitter-for-personal-information-regarding-people-connected-to-wikileaks-including-fou.md) _Context: United States, subpoena_
2. [ An Iranian appellate court releases imprisoned American journalist Roxana Saberi. ](/news/2009/05/11/an-iranian-appellate-court-releases-imprisoned-american-journalist-roxana-saberi.md) _Context: United States, appeals court_
3. [ The United States National Security Agency is reported to operate "the largest database ever assembled in the world", containing a record of all calls (domestic and international) placed through AT&T, Verizon and BellSouth. Qwest Communications refused to provide customer records, citing the need for a warrant. ](/news/2006/05/11/the-united-states-national-security-agency-is-reported-to-operate-the-largest-database-ever-assembled-in-the-world-containing-a-record-o.md) _Context: United States, Verizon_
4. [ The Supreme Court of the United States releases a unanimous decision in "MGM Studios, Inc. v. Grokster, Ltd.", finding that P2P file sharing companies can be held liable for the copyright infringement of their users. ](/news/2005/06/27/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-releases-a-unanimous-decision-in-mgm-studios-inc-v-grokster-ltd-finding-that-p2p-file-sharin.md) _Context: File sharing, P2P_
5. [ "Star Wars Episode III: Revenge of the Sith", at the time purported to be the final "Star Wars" film, is released in the United States. Just hours after its release, the workprint DVD of the film was "leaked" to file sharing networks. ](/news/2005/05/19/star-wars-episode-iii-revenge-of-the-sith-at-the-time-purported-to-be-the-final-star-wars-film-is-released-in-the-united-states-jus.md) _Context: File sharing, United States_
6. [ "MGM Studios v. Grokster", an important lawsuit regarding the future of peer-to-peer file sharing, is heard before the United States Supreme Court. ](/news/2005/03/29/mgm-studios-v-grokster-an-important-lawsuit-regarding-the-future-of-peer-to-peer-file-sharing-is-heard-before-the-united-states-suprem.md) _Context: File sharing, P2P_
7. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: United States_
8. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: United States_
9. [The United States stops giving out visas to high ranking officials of Cambodia, Eritrea, Guinea and Sierra Leone for failing to accept deportations. ](/news/2017/09/13/the-united-states-stops-giving-out-visas-to-high-ranking-officials-of-cambodia-eritrea-guinea-and-sierra-leone-for-failing-to-accept-depor.md) _Context: United States_
10. [In an official dinner hosted by the United States President, Donald Trump and leaders of the Democratic party Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi agree to fix DACA but disagree with the details, with Trump denying on Twitter the following day that a deal had been made which excluded funding for his proposed wall on the Mexico-United States border. ](/news/2017/09/13/in-an-official-dinner-hosted-by-the-united-states-president-donald-trump-and-leaders-of-the-democratic-party-chuck-schumer-and-nancy-pelosi.md) _Context: United States_
