### [2003-12-19](/news/2003/12/19/index.md)

#  Same-sex marriage in Canada: an Ontario court rules that Canadians whose same-sex partners died after 1985 are entitled to survivors' benefits. It is believed to be the first class-action lawsuit awarding compensation to gays and lesbians anywhere in the world. [http://www.cbc.ca/stories/2003/12/19/samesex_benefits031219]




### Related:

1. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: A British Columbia court rules that same-sex couples may get married in that province, effective immediately. BC becomes the second Canadian province, and second political division in the Western Hemisphere, to legalize same-sex marriage. This decision is similar to the Ontario decision on June 10, 2003. ](/news/2003/07/8/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-a-british-columbia-court-rules-that-same-sex-couples-may-get-married-in-that-province-effective-immediately.md) _Context: Ontario, gay, same-sex marriage in Canada_
2. [A tornado hits southern in Ontario, Canada causing extensive damage in the corridor from Angus to Barrie. ](/news/2014/06/17/a-tornado-hits-southern-in-ontario-canada-causing-extensive-damage-in-the-corridor-from-angus-to-barrie.md) _Context: Canada, Ontario_
3. [A shooting occurs at a courthouse in Brampton, Ontario, Canada, with one shooter dead and a police officer injured. ](/news/2014/03/28/a-shooting-occurs-at-a-courthouse-in-brampton-ontario-canada-with-one-shooter-dead-and-a-police-officer-injured.md) _Context: Canada, Ontario_
4. [Kathleen Wynne is elected as the leader of the ruling Ontario Liberal Party and will become the first female Premier of the Canadian province of Ontario and the first openly gay premier in Canadian history. ](/news/2013/01/26/kathleen-wynne-is-elected-as-the-leader-of-the-ruling-ontario-liberal-party-and-will-become-the-first-female-premier-of-the-canadian-provinc.md) _Context: Canada, Ontario_
5. [Voters in Canada's most populous province Ontario go to the polls for a general election with the Ontario Liberal Party, led by Dalton McGuinty, winning another term under a slight minority government.](/news/2011/10/6/voters-in-canada-s-most-populous-province-ontario-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-with-the-ontario-liberal-party-led-by-dalton-mcgui.md) _Context: Canada, Ontario_
6. [A tornado hits the town of Goderich in the Canadian province of Ontario causing significant damage and one death. ](/news/2011/08/21/a-tornado-hits-the-town-of-goderich-in-the-canadian-province-of-ontario-causing-significant-damage-and-one-death.md) _Context: Canada, Ontario_
7. [Seven people are missing following an apartment fire and explosion in the Canadian town of Woodstock, Ontario, and seven people, including one firefighter are hospitalised for injuries. ](/news/2011/03/27/seven-people-are-missing-following-an-apartment-fire-and-explosion-in-the-canadian-town-of-woodstock-ontario-and-seven-people-including-o.md) _Context: Canada, Ontario_
8. [US District Court Judge Virginia A. Phillips rules that the United States military's don't ask, don't tell policy violates the First Amendment rights of gay men and lesbians. ](/news/2010/09/9/us-district-court-judge-virginia-a-phillips-rules-that-the-united-states-military-s-don-t-ask-don-t-tell-policy-violates-the-first-amendme.md) _Context: gay, lesbian_
9. [ A line of severe thunderstorms rolls through Ontario, Canada, spawns over 18 tornadoes in one day which has been declared to be the largest tornado outbreak in Canadian history, at least four F-2 tornadoes were confirmed, including one touching down in the town of Durham, Ontario, northwest of Toronto where at least one person was killed, and the other in a Toronto suburb of Vaughan, Ontario where over 600 homes were damaged or destroyed.](/news/2009/08/20/a-line-of-severe-thunderstorms-rolls-through-ontario-canada-spawns-over-18-tornadoes-in-one-day-which-has-been-declared-to-be-the-largest.md) _Context: Canada, Ontario_
10. [ The Provincial Police of Woodstock, Ontario, Canada, charge two people with abducting and murdering Victoria Stafford. ](/news/2009/05/20/the-provincial-police-of-woodstock-ontario-canada-charge-two-people-with-abducting-and-murdering-victoria-stafford.md) _Context: Canada, Ontario_
