### [2003-12-19](/news/2003/12/19/index.md)

#  The British spacecraft Beagle 2 successfully separates from the ESA's Mars Express orbiter and is now less than 10 days away from its scheduled landing on the surface of Mars; it will attempt to parachute onto the surface on Christmas morning. 




### Related:

1. [ The European Space Agency's Mars Express orbiter directly detects water ice in the southern polar region of the planet Mars.](/news/2004/01/23/the-european-space-agency-s-mars-express-orbiter-directly-detects-water-ice-in-the-southern-polar-region-of-the-planet-mars.md) _Context: European Space Agency, Mars, Mars Express_
2. [ The European Space Agency releases detailed colour images of the surface of Mars, taken by its orbiting Mars Express probe.](/news/2004/01/19/the-european-space-agency-releases-detailed-colour-images-of-the-surface-of-mars-taken-by-its-orbiting-mars-express-probe.md) _Context: European Space Agency, Mars, Mars Express_
3. [ Europe launches its first voyage to another planet, Mars. The European Space Agency's Mars Express probe launches from the Baikonur space centre in Kazakhstan.](/news/2003/06/2/europe-launches-its-first-voyage-to-another-planet-mars-the-european-space-agency-s-mars-express-probe-launches-from-the-baikonur-space-c.md) _Context: European Space Agency, Mars, Mars Express_
4. [The European Space Agency-Roscosmos operated Schiaparelli EDM lander successfully separates from the ExoMars Trace Gas Orbiter spacecraft, beginning a three-day descent to the surface of Mars. ](/news/2016/10/16/the-european-space-agency-roscosmos-operated-schiaparelli-edm-lander-successfully-separates-from-the-exomars-trace-gas-orbiter-spacecraft-b.md) _Context: European Space Agency, Mars_
5. [NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter finds the Beagle 2 spacecraft that disappeared in 2003 intact on the surface of Mars. An error had stopped the spacecraft's solar panels from working and communicating back to Earth. ](/news/2015/01/16/nasa-s-mars-reconnaissance-orbiter-finds-the-beagle-2-spacecraft-that-disappeared-in-2003-intact-on-the-surface-of-mars-an-error-had-stoppe.md) _Context: Beagle 2, Mars_
6. [The European Space Agency claims to have made contact with Russia's stranded Fobos-Grunt probe, two days after the closure of the spacecraft's window for launch to Mars. ](/news/2011/11/23/the-european-space-agency-claims-to-have-made-contact-with-russia-s-stranded-fobos-grunt-probe-two-days-after-the-closure-of-the-spacecraft.md) _Context: European Space Agency, Mars_
7. [ The European Space Agency announces plans to send humans and robot probes to the Moon and Mars over the next three decades.](/news/2004/02/4/the-european-space-agency-announces-plans-to-send-humans-and-robot-probes-to-the-moon-and-mars-over-the-next-three-decades.md) _Context: European Space Agency, Mars_
8. [ Exploration of Mars: Mars Express failed to hear any signal from the Beagle 2 spacecraft during its first pass over the landing site. This is major blow, but scientists have once again not given up all hope. They will attempt again tomorrow using a different communication mode. The Beagle 2 mission manager, Colin Pillinger, set February 7 as the day to abandon contact efforts. By that time Beagle 2 would have switched into an autotransmit mode after having not received any signal for over a month if it was still alive.](/news/2004/01/7/exploration-of-mars-mars-express-failed-to-hear-any-signal-from-the-beagle-2-spacecraft-during-its-first-pass-over-the-landing-site-this.md) _Context: Beagle 2, Mars Express_
9. [ British scientists are continuing their efforts to make contact with the Mars probe Beagle 2, which was designed to perform advanced studies of the Martian soil in an effort to find microbial life. [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/connected/main.jhtml?xml=/connected/2003/12/24/ecnubeagle.xml]](/news/2003/12/27/british-scientists-are-continuing-their-efforts-to-make-contact-with-the-mars-probe-beagle-2-which-was-designed-to-perform-advanced-studie.md) _Context: Beagle 2, Mars_
10. [ Following Beagle 2's expected landing, US probe Mars Odyssey (already in Martian orbit) listens for the lander's distinctive musical callsign. A further scan for the lander is conducted using the Jodrell Bank radio telescope. No signal is detected. [http://www.newscientist.com/news/news.jsp?id=ns99994518][http://edition.cnn.com/2003/TECH/space/12/25/mars.beagle.nosignal/index.html]](/news/2003/12/25/following-beagle-2-s-expected-landing-us-probe-mars-odyssey-already-in-martian-orbit-listens-for-the-lander-s-distinctive-musical-callsi.md) _Context: Beagle 2, Mars_
