### [2003-12-19](/news/2003/12/19/index.md)

#  The University of Delaware's Blue Hens shut out Colgate University to win the NCAA Division I-AA football national championship. [http://www.delawareonline.com/newsjournal/local/2003/12/20hensarenational.html]




### Related:

1. [Kicker Katie Hnida of the University of New Mexico makes history by becoming the first woman to participate in a NCAA division 1 football game, missing a kick for her team during the Las Vegas Bowl game.](/news/2002/12/25/kicker-katie-hnida-of-the-university-of-new-mexico-makes-history-by-becoming-the-first-woman-to-participate-in-a-ncaa-division-1-football-ga.md) _Context: American football, NCAA_
2. [The office of the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York announces that 10 individuals, including assistant coaches at four NCAA Division I men's basketball programs--Arizona, Auburn, Oklahoma State, and USC--have been arrested on federal corruption charges. The accused are alleged to be part of a scheme by which coaches accepted bribes to steer NBA-bound college players toward certain agents and financial advisers. Court documents also allege that an apparel company later identified as Adidas paid $100,000 to the family of an unnamed player to ensure his signing with an unnamed Division I school, which was later confirmed as the University of Louisville. ](/news/2017/09/26/the-office-of-the-united-states-attorney-for-the-southern-district-of-new-york-announces-that-10-individuals-including-assistant-coaches-at.md) _Context: NCAA_
3. [In American football, Twitter wins the bidding contest over Amazon, Verizon, and others, for streaming rights to 10 of 16 National Football League (NFL) regular season "Thursday Night Football Games", ones that will also be telecast by either CBS or NBC. The league streamed one game last year with Yahoo!. Verizon, meanwhile, already owns the mobile rights to all NFL games which are available to subscribers via a mobile app; the 10 NFL games on Twitter will be free. ](/news/2016/04/5/in-american-football-twitter-wins-the-bidding-contest-over-amazon-verizon-and-others-for-streaming-rights-to-10-of-16-national-football.md) _Context: American football_
4. [Former American football player Aaron Hernandez is convicted of murder in the first degree in the town of Fall River, Massachusetts. Hernandez shot a former friend Odin Lloyd in 2013. He was automatically sentenced to life in prison without parole. ](/news/2015/04/15/former-american-football-player-aaron-hernandez-is-convicted-of-murder-in-the-first-degree-in-the-town-of-fall-river-massachusetts-hernand.md) _Context: American football_
5. [In a case brought by a group of former NCAA athletes, U.S. District Court judge Claudia Wilken rules that the NCAA violated antitrust law by restricting the compensation that college athletes can receive for their publicity rights. ](/news/2014/08/8/in-a-case-brought-by-a-group-of-former-ncaa-athletes-u-s-district-court-judge-claudia-wilken-rules-that-the-ncaa-violated-antitrust-law-by.md) _Context: NCAA_
6. [Former New England Patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez is formally charged with murder in the US state of Massachusetts more than a week after the body of former semi-professional American football player Odin Lloyd is found near his home. ](/news/2013/06/26/former-new-england-patriots-tight-end-aaron-hernandez-is-formally-charged-with-murder-in-the-us-state-of-massachusetts-more-than-a-week-afte.md) _Context: American football_
7. [The United States Naval Academy announces it is investigating allegations that three football players sexually assaulted a female student. ](/news/2013/05/31/the-united-states-naval-academy-announces-it-is-investigating-allegations-that-three-football-players-sexually-assaulted-a-female-student.md) _Context: American football_
8. [American football player Josh Brent of the Dallas Cowboys is arrested for driving while intoxicated and vehicular manslaughter in relation to the death of teammate Jerry Brown. ](/news/2012/12/8/american-football-player-josh-brent-of-the-dallas-cowboys-is-arrested-for-driving-while-intoxicated-and-vehicular-manslaughter-in-relation-t.md) _Context: American football_
9. [Jovan Belcher, a linebacker for the Kansas City Chiefs American football team kills himself at Arrowhead Stadium in Kansas City, Missouri, USA, after reportedly killing his girlfriend. ](/news/2012/12/1/jovan-belcher-a-linebacker-for-the-kansas-city-chiefs-american-football-team-kills-himself-at-arrowhead-stadium-in-kansas-city-missouri-u.md) _Context: American football_
10. [Jerry Sandusky, former American football coach at Pennsylvania State University, is convicted on 45 charges of child sex abuse. He is on suicide watch. ](/news/2012/06/22/jerry-sandusky-former-american-football-coach-at-pennsylvania-state-university-is-convicted-on-45-charges-of-child-sex-abuse-he-is-on-sui.md) _Context: American football_
