### [2003-11-16](/news/2003/11/16/index.md)

#  A 7.5-magnitude earthquake in the Aleutian Islands in Alaska triggers tsunami warnings.




### Related:

1. [A 7.7 magnitude earthquake strikes off Russia's Kamchatka Peninsula, west of the Alaskan Aleutian Island of Attu, in the North Pacific Ocean. No immediate reports of casualties or damage; a tsunami warning was cancelled. ](/news/2017/07/18/a-7-7-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-off-russia-s-kamchatka-peninsula-west-of-the-alaskan-aleutian-island-of-attu-in-the-north-pacific-ocean.md) _Context: Alaska, earthquake, tsunami_
2. [A magnitude 7.1 earthquake strikes southwestern Alaska, leaving 10,000 in the Anchorage area without power and forcing the evacuation of several homes on the Kenai Peninsula. The National Weather Service reported that there was no tsunami following the earthquake. ](/news/2016/01/24/a-magnitude-7-1-earthquake-strikes-southwestern-alaska-leaving-10-000-in-the-anchorage-area-without-power-and-forcing-the-evacuation-of-sev.md) _Context: Alaska, earthquake, tsunami_
3. [A 7.3 magnitude earthquake offshore from the US northern state of Alaska leads to a tsunami warning being issued but it is later cancelled. ](/news/2011/06/23/a-7-3-magnitude-earthquake-offshore-from-the-us-northern-state-of-alaska-leads-to-a-tsunami-warning-being-issued-but-it-is-later-cancelled.md) _Context: Alaska, earthquake, tsunami_
4. [ Natural disaster: An earthquake of magnitude 8.0 struck near the island of Hokkaido in Japan at 19:50:07 (UTC). A 7 ft tsunami was generated off the coast of Hokkaido as a result of the quake and tsunami warnings have been issued for most of the Pacific Rim, including Japan, Russia's eastern coast, Alaska, and Hawaii.](/news/2003/09/25/natural-disaster-an-earthquake-of-magnitude-8-0-struck-near-the-island-of-hokkaido-in-japan-at-19-50-07-utc-a-7-ft-tsunami-was-generate.md) _Context: Alaska, earthquake, tsunami_
5. [A 6.8 earthquake strikes off the coast of Mindanao, Philippines triggering tsunami warnings. ](/news/2017/04/28/a-6-8-earthquake-strikes-off-the-coast-of-mindanao-philippines-triggering-tsunami-warnings.md) _Context: earthquake, tsunami_
6. [A volcanic eruption continues on Bogoslof Island near Unalaska, in the Aleutian Islands of Alaska. The eruption has impacted air transportation routes. ](/news/2016/12/30/a-volcanic-eruption-continues-on-bogoslof-island-near-unalaska-in-the-aleutian-islands-of-alaska-the-eruption-has-impacted-air-transportat.md) _Context: Alaska, Aleutian Islands_
7. [A magnitude 7.7 earthquake in Chile spurs tsunami warnings. ](/news/2016/12/25/a-magnitude-7-7-earthquake-in-chile-spurs-tsunami-warnings.md) _Context: earthquake, tsunami_
8. [A magnitude 7.0 earthquake occurs off the coast of El Salvador with the potential to cause a tsunami. Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega declares a state of emergency because of the quake and Hurricane Otto. ](/news/2016/11/24/a-magnitude-7-0-earthquake-occurs-off-the-coast-of-el-salvador-with-the-potential-to-cause-a-tsunami-nicaraguan-president-daniel-ortega-dec.md) _Context: earthquake, tsunami_
9. [Two nearby boats, responding to a Coast Guard emergency broadcast, rescue 46 people from the sinking 220-foot "Alaska Juris" fishing boat in the Bering Sea off Alaska's Aleutian Islands. There are no reports of injuries; all on board were wearing survival suits. ](/news/2016/07/26/two-nearby-boats-responding-to-a-coast-guard-emergency-broadcast-rescue-46-people-from-the-sinking-220-foot-alaska-juris-fishing-boat-in.md) _Context: Alaska, Aleutian Islands_
10. [A magnitude 6.4 earthquake strikes near Kumamoto, Japan, collapsing several buildings killing at least four people and injuring 400. However, no tsunami warning was issued and local nuclear power plants reported no problems. ](/news/2016/04/14/a-magnitude-6-4-earthquake-strikes-near-kumamoto-japan-collapsing-several-buildings-killing-at-least-four-people-and-injuring-400-however.md) _Context: earthquake, tsunami_
