### [2003-11-16](/news/2003/11/16/index.md)

#  An audio-tape, purportedly from Saddam Hussein, airs on the Dubai station al-Arabiya. The CIA later informs that it is probably not the voice of Saddam Hussein. At least two loud blasts echo across Baghdad after dark on Sunday night. Top Iraqi scientist Dr. Modher Sadeq-Saba al-Tamimi flees to Iran. After eight months without work, and with no clear plans from the occupying Coalition, the scientist seeks work abroad. Iranian officials deny the claims. In the United Kingdom, Tony Blair faces the "electoral poison" of U.S. President George W. Bush's state visit next week.




### Related:

1. [ The intelligence service of the United States says that the CIA's head, George Tenet, accepted President George W. Bush's speech in January, which included wrong information of Iraq's plans to buy uranium from Africa. The office of Prime Minister Tony Blair responded that it stands by its belief that Saddam Hussein attempted to buy African uranium, claiming that it cannot share its information with the United States because it comes from "foreign intelligence sources."](/news/2003/07/12/the-intelligence-service-of-the-united-states-says-that-the-cia-s-head-george-tenet-accepted-president-george-w-bush-s-speech-in-january.md) _Context: CIA, George W. Bush, Saddam Hussein, Tony Blair_
2. [ Democratic Party officials in the U.S. Congress have warned President Bush that he does not have the authority to go to war with Iran. ](/news/2007/02/15/democratic-party-officials-in-the-u-s-congress-have-warned-president-bush-that-he-does-not-have-the-authority-to-go-to-war-with-iran.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iran, U.S. President_
3. [ Saddam Hussein aims to sue Tony Blair and George W. Bush for crimes against Iraq. ](/news/2006/02/4/saddam-hussein-aims-to-sue-tony-blair-and-george-w-bush-for-crimes-against-iraq.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Saddam Hussein, Tony Blair_
4. [ Jimmy Carter, former US president and 2002 Nobel Peace Prize winner, vehemently condemns George W. Bush and Tony Blair for waging an unnecessary war "based upon lies and misinterpretations" in order to oust Saddam Hussein. He claims that Blair had allowed his better judgment to be swayed by Bush's desire to finish a war that his father had started. ](/news/2004/03/21/jimmy-carter-former-us-president-and-2002-nobel-peace-prize-winner-vehemently-condemns-george-w-bush-and-tony-blair-for-waging-an-unnece.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Saddam Hussein, Tony Blair_
5. [Saeed Karimian, the founder and director of GEM TV, a Persian language network based in Dubai, is shot dead in Istanbul, Turkey, along with his Kuwaiti business partner. Karimian had previously been tried in absentia by a Tehran court and sentenced to six years in prison for spreading propaganda against Iran. ](/news/2017/04/30/saeed-karimian-the-founder-and-director-of-gem-tv-a-persian-language-network-based-in-dubai-is-shot-dead-in-istanbul-turkey-along-with.md) _Context: Dubai, Iran_
6. [Seven Pakistani crew members on Iranian cargo ship MV "Joya", sailing from Egypt to Dubai, UAE, are killed in a rocket attack off Yemen's coast. ](/news/2016/12/22/seven-pakistani-crew-members-on-iranian-cargo-ship-mv-joya-sailing-from-egypt-to-dubai-uae-are-killed-in-a-rocket-attack-off-yemen-s-co.md) _Context: Dubai, Iran_
7. [The Saudi-owned news channel Al Arabiya shuts its offices in Beirut, Lebanon and dismisses 27 employees in a sudden move reflecting tensions between Saudi Arabia and Lebanon-based Hezbollah, which is backed by Iran. Saudi Arabia interpreted Lebanon's lack of public solidarity as a sign that it had become beholden to Hezbollah. ](/news/2016/04/2/the-saudi-owned-news-channel-al-arabiya-shuts-its-offices-in-beirut-lebanon-and-dismisses-27-employees-in-a-sudden-move-reflecting-tensions.md) _Context: Al Arabiya, Iran_
8. [A heat wave hits the Middle East with Baghdad recording a top temperature of 50 C and the Iranian city of Bandar Mahshahr recording a near world record heat index temperature of 165.2 F. ](/news/2015/07/30/a-heat-wave-hits-the-middle-east-with-baghdad-recording-a-top-temperature-of-50-c-and-the-iranian-city-of-bandar-mahshahr-recording-a-near-w.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iran_
9. [Newly declassified CIA documents show that top officials in the Reagan administration agreed to give Iraq information on the location of Iranian troops during the Iran-Iraq War despite awareness of Saddam Hussein's intention to use chemical weapons. ](/news/2013/08/26/newly-declassified-cia-documents-show-that-top-officials-in-the-reagan-administration-agreed-to-give-iraq-information-on-the-location-of-ira.md) _Context: CIA, Saddam Hussein_
10. [A rocket kills six people and injures over 50 others at Camp Liberty, an Iraqi facility near Baghdad that shelters members of People's Mujahedin of Iran. ](/news/2013/02/9/a-rocket-kills-six-people-and-injures-over-50-others-at-camp-liberty-an-iraqi-facility-near-baghdad-that-shelters-members-of-people-s-mujah.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iran_
