### [2003-08-1](/news/2003/08/1/index.md)

#  A truck bomb destroys a military hospital in Mozdok in Southern Russia, near Chechnya, killing 41 and wounding at least 76. The Russian government blames the attack on Chechen separatists. A media spokesman for rebel political leader, Aslan Maskhadov, denied any connection with the incident.




### Related:

1. [ A Russian Mi-8 military transport helicopter is shot down during the fighting near Shatoy, Chechnya by Chechen rebels, resulting in the death of at least 20 Russian soldiers. ](/news/2007/04/27/a-russian-mi-8-military-transport-helicopter-is-shot-down-during-the-fighting-near-shatoy-chechnya-by-chechen-rebels-resulting-in-the-dea.md) _Context: Chechen War, Chechnya_
2. [ An explosion at Russian military base at Kurchaloi in Chechnya kills at least 12 soldiers. The cause is unknown; however, a separatist attack has been officially ruled out. ](/news/2006/02/8/an-explosion-at-russian-military-base-at-kurchaloi-in-chechnya-kills-at-least-12-soldiers-the-cause-is-unknown-however-a-separatist-atta.md) _Context: Chechen War, Chechnya_
3. [ Akhmed Zakayev, envoy of the killed Chechen separatist leader Aslan Maskhadov, states that Maskhadov's death does not end resistance to Russian rule and that his successor would be chosen in a couple of days ](/news/2005/03/9/akhmed-zakayev-envoy-of-the-killed-chechen-separatist-leader-aslan-maskhadov-states-that-maskhadov-s-death-does-not-end-resistance-to-rus.md) _Context: Aslan Maskhadov, Chechnya_
4. [ Russian armed forces claim that Chechen separatist leader Aslan Maskhadov has been killed in a special forces operation. ](/news/2005/03/8/russian-armed-forces-claim-that-chechen-separatist-leader-aslan-maskhadov-has-been-killed-in-a-special-forces-operation.md) _Context: Aslan Maskhadov, Chechnya_
5. [ Russia announces that it will pay US$10 m to the people who betrayed Chechen separatist leader Aslan Maskhadov, who was killed by Russian special forces. ](/news/2005/03/16/russia-announces-that-it-will-pay-us-10-m-to-the-people-who-betrayed-chechen-separatist-leader-aslan-maskhadov-who-was-killed-by-russian-s.md) _Context: Aslan Maskhadov, Chechnya_
6. [ Conflict in Russia (Chechnya): Russian President Vladimir Putin's government offers 300 million rubles (USD 10 million) for information leading to the arrest of Chechen rebel leaders Shamil Basayev and Aslan Maskhadov. Maskhadov was the last democratically elected leader of Chechnya. ](/news/2004/09/8/conflict-in-russia-chechnya-russian-president-vladimir-putin-s-government-offers-300-million-rubles-usd-10-million-for-information-lea.md) _Context: Aslan Maskhadov, Chechnya_
7. [ Beslan school hostage crisis: Armed men and women continue to hold over 1,300 adults and children hostage in Beslan, North Ossetia, Russia. Russian authorities announce that they have, for the moment, ruled out the use of force to end the standoff, while Chechen rebel leader Aslan Maskhadov denies that his forces are responsible. Late in the day, 26 women and children are released by the hostage-takers. (BBC: [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/3620498.stm 1], [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/3621418.stm 2])](/news/2004/09/2/beslan-school-hostage-crisis-armed-men-and-women-continue-to-hold-over-1-300-adults-and-children-hostage-in-beslan-north-ossetia-russia.md) _Context: Aslan Maskhadov, Chechnya_
8. [ Second Chechen War: At least 16 people are killed and 40 injured by two female suicide bombers in an attack at "Krylya", a popular music festival, at the Tushino airfield near Moscow. The Russian authorities blame an on-going terrorism campaign by Chechen rebels; the Chechen government denies any connection to the attacks. ](/news/2003/07/5/second-chechen-war-at-least-16-people-are-killed-and-40-injured-by-two-female-suicide-bombers-in-an-attack-at-krylya-a-popular-music-fe.md) _Context: Chechen War, Chechnya_
9. [ A truck bomb explodes at FSB headquarters in Znamenskoye, Chechnya, killing 59 and wounding some 200 more, in an apparent suicide attack. Official Russian sources blame the incident on Chechen separatist rebels. ](/news/2003/05/12/a-truck-bomb-explodes-at-fsb-headquarters-in-znamenskoye-chechnya-killing-59-and-wounding-some-200-more-in-an-apparent-suicide-attack-o.md) _Context: Chechnya, truck bomb_
10. [ Moscow theatre siege, Second Chechen War: Special forces of the Russian army attack the Chechen separatists who were holding hostages in a Moscow theater. Fifty of the 53 separatists and 117 of the 800 hostages are killed. Most of hostages were killed by poison gas used by the special forces, with most of the surviving hostages hospitalised with gas poisoning.](/news/2002/10/26/moscow-theatre-siege-second-chechen-war-special-forces-of-the-russian-army-attack-the-chechen-separatists-who-were-holding-hostages-in-a.md) _Context: Chechen War, Chechnya_
