### [2007-03-25](/news/2007/03/25/index.md)

#  A tsunami occurs on the northern coast of Japan after an earthquake with a magnitude of 6.9 in the Sea of Japan. NHK reports that 1 person has died and 40 have been injured. 

Powerful quake that struck of the north coast of the Ishikawa prefecture triggers a small tsunami measuring 6 inches.


### Source:

1. [AFP via News Limited](http://www.news.com.au/story/0,10117,21446505-401,00.html)
2. [AP via FOX](http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,260942,00.html)

### Related:

1. [North Korea test-launches what is presumed to be its first intercontinental ballistic missile 933 kilometers  into the Sea of Japan within Japan's Exclusive Economic Zone. An American expert theorizes the ICBM, which reached an altitude of 2,802 km, could potentially reach the U.S. state of Alaska. ](/news/2017/07/4/north-korea-test-launches-what-is-presumed-to-be-its-first-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-933-kilometers-into-the-sea-of-japan-within-j.md) _Context: Japan, Sea of Japan_
2. [North Korea launches an intercontinental ballistic missile that flies 620 miles horizontally in about 45 minutes, landing in the Sea of Japan, according to Japan, South Korea and the United States.  ](/news/2017/07/28/north-korea-launches-an-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-that-flies-620-miles-horizontally-in-about-45-minutes-landing-in-the-sea-of-japa.md) _Context: Japan, Sea of Japan_
3. [North Korea launches a Short-Range Ballistic missile near Wonsan towards the Sea of Japan, according to South Korea. The missile reportedly lands in Japan's exclusive economic zone (EEZ) after traveling 450 km. ](/news/2017/05/29/north-korea-launches-a-short-range-ballistic-missile-near-wansan-towards-the-sea-of-japan-according-to-south-korea-the-missile-reportedly.md) _Context: Japan, Sea of Japan_
4. [ North Korea launches a missile from a submarine off the port city of Sinpo in the Sea of Japan, according to  U.S. and South Korean officials. This missile, the third sub-based attempt this year, flew about 500 kilometers (311 miles) and landed in waters between the Korean Peninsula and Japan. The first test  exploded and the second traveled 30 km (181/2 miles). ](/news/2016/08/24/north-korea-launches-a-missile-from-a-submarine-off-the-port-city-of-sinpo-in-the-sea-of-japan-according-to-u-s-and-south-korean-officia.md) _Context: Japan, Sea of Japan_
5. [A magnitude 6.4 earthquake strikes near Kumamoto, Japan, collapsing several buildings killing at least four people and injuring 400. However, no tsunami warning was issued and local nuclear power plants reported no problems. ](/news/2016/04/14/a-magnitude-6-4-earthquake-strikes-near-kumamoto-japan-collapsing-several-buildings-killing-at-least-four-people-and-injuring-400-however.md) _Context: Japan, tsunami_
6. [Japan places its military on alert over a possible North Korean ballistic-missile launch after detecting "increased activity" at a North Korean missile site. Japan's Minister of Defense, Gen Nakatani, has ordered Kongo-class destroyers stationed in the Sea of Japan, equipped with Aegis combat systems, to target any North Korean projectiles heading for Japan. ](/news/2016/01/29/japan-places-its-military-on-alert-over-a-possible-north-korean-ballistic-missile-launch-after-detecting-increased-activity-at-a-north-kor.md) _Context: Japan, Sea of Japan_
7. [The U.S. Geological Survey reports a magnitude 6.7 earthquake struck off the southwest coast of Japan. The quake occurred 119 miles (191 km) west-southwest of Kagoshima. The Pacific Tsunami Center reported no major tsunami threat. A small tsunami, 30 centimeters (11.8 inches), was observed on the southern island of Nakanoshima. No reports of major damage or injuries. ](/news/2015/11/14/the-u-s-geological-survey-reports-a-magnitude-6-7-earthquake-struck-off-the-southwest-coast-of-japan-the-quake-occurred-119-miles-191-km.md) _Context: Japan, tsunami_
8. [A 7.8 magnitude earthquake occurs off the coast of Japan. No tsunami warning is issued. ](/news/2015/05/30/a-7-8-magnitude-earthquake-occurs-off-the-coast-of-japan-no-tsunami-warning-is-issued.md) _Context: Japan, tsunami_
9. [Japan allocates 820 billion yen ($6.8 billion) for creating a nearly 400-kilometer (250-mile) chain of cement seawalls, at places nearly five stories high, against future tsunami disasters such as the one that struck the country's northeastern coast four years ago. ](/news/2015/03/22/japan-allocates-820-billion-yen-6-8-billion-for-creating-a-nearly-400-kilometer-250-mile-chain-of-cement-seawalls-at-places-nearly-fiv.md) _Context: Japan, tsunami_
10. [Japan's Defence Ministry claims that North Korea has fired two ballistic missiles into the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2014/07/13/japan-s-defence-ministry-claims-that-north-korea-has-fired-two-ballistic-missiles-into-the-sea-of-japan.md) _Context: Japan, Sea of Japan_
