### [2007-03-25](/news/2007/03/25/index.md)

#  Iran announces that it is partially suspending cooperation with the United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency and will no longer advise it of new steps taken in its nuclear program. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Houston Chronicle](http://www.chron.com/disp/story.mpl/ap/world/4659855.html)

### Related:

1. [The International Atomic Energy Agency states that Iran has complied with its commitments under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, paving the way for international sanctions to be lifted by the United States and European Union. ](/news/2016/01/16/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-states-that-iran-has-complied-with-its-commitments-under-the-joint-comprehensive-plan-of-action-pavi.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, Iran, nuclear scientist_
2. [The United Nations finds Iran's firing of a medium-range ballistic missile in October violated a June 2010 resolution banning the Islamic Republic from launches capable of delivering nuclear weapons. The test was not technically a violation of the July nuclear deal between Iran and six world powers.  It's not known if the Security Council will take any action.  ](/news/2015/12/15/the-united-nations-finds-iran-s-firing-of-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-in-october-violated-a-june-2010-resolution-banning-the-islamic-re.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations, nuclear scientist_
3. [The International Atomic Energy Agency begins a new round of talks with Iran over their nuclear program. ](/news/2013/02/13/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-begins-a-new-round-of-talks-with-iran-over-their-nuclear-program.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, Iran, nuclear scientist_
4. [Yukiya Amano, the head of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), urges Iran to grant IAEA inspectors immediate access to its contentious suspected nuclear facility in Parchin. ](/news/2012/09/10/yukiya-amano-the-head-of-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-iaea-urges-iran-to-grant-iaea-inspectors-immediate-access-to-its-content.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, Iran, nuclear scientist_
5. [Response to IAEA report on Iran's nuclear program:Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad says the International Atomic Energy Agency report is based on "empty claims" and that Iran would not budge from its nuclear program despite allegations it may be trying to develop nuclear weapons;  European countries and the US say they will consider fresh sanctions against Iran. ](/news/2011/11/9/response-to-iaea-report-on-iran-s-nuclear-program-piranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-says-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-report.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, Iran, nuclear scientist_
6. [Response to IAEA report on Iran's nuclear program:United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton demands that Iran respond soon to  the "serious concerns" raised by the International Atomic Energy Agency report that Iran appeared to be working on nuclear bomb technology. ](/news/2011/11/12/response-to-iaea-report-on-iran-s-nuclear-program-punited-states-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-demands-that-iran-respond-soon-to-the.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, Iran, nuclear scientist_
7. [The Iranian government says the International Atomic Energy Agency spies on its nuclear program and reiterates its belief that the CIA, Mossad and MI6 murdered Majid Shahriari earlier this week. ](/news/2010/12/4/the-iranian-government-says-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-spies-on-its-nuclear-program-and-reiterates-its-belief-that-the-cia-moss.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, Iran, nuclear scientist_
8. [Iran bans two International Atomic Energy Agency weapons inspectors from entering the country claiming they had leaked false information about Iran's nuclear program. ](/news/2010/06/21/iran-bans-two-international-atomic-energy-agency-weapons-inspectors-from-entering-the-country-claiming-they-had-leaked-false-information-abo.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, Iran, nuclear scientist_
9. [Nuclear program of Iran:Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and Russian President Dmitry Medvedev disagree over Russia's support for United Nations sanctions concerning Iran's nuclear program, with some analysts describing it as the worst row between the countries for several years. ](/news/2010/05/26/nuclear-program-of-iran-piranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-and-russian-president-dmitry-medvedev-disagree-over-russia-s-support-for-unit.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations, nuclear scientist_
10. [Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs Manouchehr Mottaki meets the head of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) in Vienna and says Iran remains interested in a nuclear fuel swap drafted by the United Nations. ](/news/2010/04/25/iranian-minister-for-foreign-affairs-manouchehr-mottaki-meets-the-head-of-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-iaea-in-vienna-and-says-i.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, Iran, United Nations_
