### [2006-02-24](/news/2006/02/24/index.md)

#  It is revealed that MI5 (British Intelligence) withheld vital anti-terrorism intelligence just months before the Omagh Bombing in 1998. [http://www.rte.ie/news/2006/0224/omagh.html] 




### Related:

1. [ Dissident Irish Republican campaign. MI5 raises the threat level for dissident Northern Ireland militants from "moderate" to "substantial", meaning there is a strong possibility of an attack on the British mainland. ](/news/2016/05/11/dissident-irish-republican-campaign-mi5-raises-the-threat-level-for-dissident-northern-ireland-militants-from-moderate-to-substantial.md) _Context: MI5_
2. [Andrew Parker, head of British security agency MI5, states that ISIS terrorists are planning attacks in Great Britain and current terror threat levels are the highest he-s witnessed in his career. ](/news/2015/10/30/andrew-parker-head-of-british-security-agency-mi5-states-that-isis-terrorists-are-planning-attacks-in-great-britain-and-current-terror-thr.md) _Context: MI5_
3. [British counter-terrorism officers arrest another man in connection with the 2013 Woolwich attack. ](/news/2013/05/26/british-counter-terrorism-officers-arrest-another-man-in-connection-with-the-2013-woolwich-attack.md) _Context: MI5_
4. [British counter-terrorism police arrest a man who was a childhood friend of the terrorist Michael Adebolajo after he gives an interview to the BBC in which he claims that the MI5 had contacted him in the past. ](/news/2013/05/25/british-counter-terrorism-police-arrest-a-man-who-was-a-childhood-friend-of-the-terrorist-michael-adebolajo-after-he-gives-an-interview-to-t.md) _Context: MI5_
5. [War On Terror: The chief of one of Britain's top intelligence agencies says that potential British terrorists are going to countries that have been made unsecure by the Arab Spring to get training from Al Qaeda. ](/news/2012/06/25/war-on-terror-the-chief-of-one-of-britain-s-top-intelligence-agencies-says-that-potential-british-terrorists-are-going-to-countries-that-ha.md) _Context: MI5_
6. [A bomb explodes in Omagh, County Tyrone, Northern Ireland, killing one, hours after around 2,000 participants in a half marathon pass by. The incident evokes memories of the 1998 Omagh bombing, while taoiseach Enda Kenny (Republic of Ireland) accuses the perpetrators of "acting in defiance of the Irish people". ](/news/2011/04/2/a-bomb-explodes-in-omagh-county-tyrone-northern-ireland-killing-one-hours-after-around-2-000-participants-in-a-half-marathon-pass-by-th.md) _Context: Omagh bombing_
7. [Jonathan Evans, head of Britain's MI5, gives a rare interview, disclosing details of his love for classics and calling for wider availability of Latin and Greek in schools as, he claims, they are useful for spies. ](/news/2010/10/4/jonathan-evans-head-of-britain-s-mi5-gives-a-rare-interview-disclosing-details-of-his-love-for-classics-and-calling-for-wider-availabilit.md) _Context: MI5_
8. [An investigation by "The Independent" uncovers the first evidence of a UK-based rendition recruitment drive, free of American involvement, suggesting MI5 was directly involved in the 2004 "illegal" transfer of a Moroccan national from a Belgian prison to London. ](/news/2010/07/23/an-investigation-by-the-independent-uncovers-the-first-evidence-of-a-uk-based-rendition-recruitment-drive-free-of-american-involvement-s.md) _Context: MI5_
9. [Former MI5 head Baroness Manningham-Buller gives evidence in public before the Iraq Inquiry into Iraq's alleged weapons of mass destruction, admitting that the 2003 invasion of Iraq served to "substantially" increase the security threat to the UK. ](/news/2010/07/20/former-mi5-head-baroness-manningham-buller-gives-evidence-in-public-before-the-iraq-inquiry-into-iraq-s-alleged-weapons-of-mass-destruction.md) _Context: MI5_
10. [Previously secret papers released as a result of civil proceedings brought by six former Guantanamo Bay inmates against MI5 and MI6, the Home Office, the Foreign Office, and the Attorney General's Office reveal the British government was involved in the abduction and torture of its own citizens following the September 11 attacks. ](/news/2010/07/14/previously-secret-papers-released-as-a-result-of-civil-proceedings-brought-by-six-former-guanta-namo-bay-inmates-against-mi5-and-mi6-the-ho.md) _Context: MI5_
