### [2004-09-21](/news/2004/09/21/index.md)

#  Conflict in Iraq: Tawhid and Jihad, a militant group led by Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, beheads American hostage Jack Hensley. The group threatens to behead the remaining hostage, Briton Kenneth Bigley, within 24 hours unless the United States meets its demands. Eugene Armstrong was beheaded yesterday. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6295804)

### Related:

1. [ Conflict in Iraq: Tawhid and Jihad, a militant group led by Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, beheads American hostage Eugene Armstrong. The group threatens to behead two additional hostages, American Jack Hensley and Briton Kenneth Bigley, within 24 hours unless the United States meets its demands. ](/news/2004/09/20/conflict-in-iraq-tawhid-and-jihad-a-militant-group-led-by-abu-musab-al-zarqawi-beheads-american-hostage-eugene-armstrong-the-group-thre.md) _Context: Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, Eugene Armstrong, Tawhid and Jihad, behead, rebel-held_
2. [ Reports confirm that British hostage Kenneth Bigley was beheaded yesterday by his captors, members of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi's Tawhid and Jihad militant group, despite last-minute exchanges between the group and the British government. ](/news/2004/10/8/reports-confirm-that-british-hostage-kenneth-bigley-was-beheaded-yesterday-by-his-captors-members-of-abu-musab-al-zarqawi-s-tawhid-and-jih.md) _Context: Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, Kenneth Bigley, Tawhid and Jihad_
3. [ The British government orders the freezing of any assets that Abu Musab al-Zarqawi's militant group, Tawhid and Jihad&mdash;which has claimed responsibility for killing Kenneth Bigley&mdash;may hold in Britain. ](/news/2004/10/14/the-british-government-orders-the-freezing-of-any-assets-that-abu-musab-al-zarqawi-s-militant-group-tawhid-and-jihad-mdash-which-has-claim.md) _Context: Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, Kenneth Bigley, Tawhid and Jihad_
4. [ Conflict in Iraq: The governments of the United Kingdom and Iraq announce that they will not comply with the demands of the militant group Tawhid and Jihad, which has threatened to behead its hostage, British citizen Kenneth Bigley. ](/news/2004/09/23/conflict-in-iraq-the-governments-of-the-united-kingdom-and-iraq-announce-that-they-will-not-comply-with-the-demands-of-the-militant-group.md) _Context: Kenneth Bigley, Tawhid and Jihad, rebel-held_
5. [ Conflict in Iraq: The Muslim Council of Britain sends a delegation to Baghdad in the hopes of securing the release of Kenneth Bigley. ](/news/2004/09/24/conflict-in-iraq-the-muslim-council-of-britain-sends-a-delegation-to-baghdad-in-the-hopes-of-securing-the-release-of-kenneth-bigley.md) _Context: Kenneth Bigley, rebel-held_
6. [ The "pre-election offensive" against the Iraqi resistance continues in the rebel-held city of Fallujah, with air-strikes killing at least 16, including women and children. Joint U.S.-Iraqi forces say that they are targeting Jordanian militant Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, who is linked to al-Qaeda. The U.S. military says it is investigating an incident that occurred September 12 in Baghdad in which five people, including an "al-Arabiya" journalist broadcasting live, were killed in a helicopter attack. ](/news/2004/09/13/the-pre-election-offensive-against-the-iraqi-resistance-continues-in-the-rebel-held-city-of-fallujah-with-air-strikes-killing-at-least-1.md) _Context: Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, rebel-held_
7. [ Al Jazeera television reports that a Bulgarian hostage held in Iraq by suspected al-Qaeda ally Abu Musab al-Zarqawi has been executed. A video tape of the murder was provided to Al Jazeera. The group vows to execute another hostage within 24 hours. ](/news/2004/07/13/al-jazeera-television-reports-that-a-bulgarian-hostage-held-in-iraq-by-suspected-al-qaeda-ally-abu-musab-al-zarqawi-has-been-executed-a-vi.md) _Context: Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, rebel-held_
8. [ A young Canadian man is found guilty in the 2006 Toronto terrorism case of participating in a plot to storm the Parliament of Canada and behead the Prime Minister of Canada, Stephen Harper. ](/news/2008/09/25/a-young-canadian-man-is-found-guilty-in-the-2006-toronto-terrorism-case-of-participating-in-a-plot-to-storm-the-parliament-of-canada-and-be.md) _Context: behead_
9. [ Reports indicate that Abu Ayyub al-Masri, also known as Abu Hamza al-Muhajir, the leader of Al-Qaeda in Iraq who succeeded Abu Musab al-Zarqawi after his death, may have been killed in Haditha. A body initially tentatively identified as his is undergoing DNA analysis but most government sources are skeptical. ](/news/2006/10/5/reports-indicate-that-abu-ayyub-al-masri-also-known-as-abu-hamza-al-muhajir-the-leader-of-al-qaeda-in-iraq-who-succeeded-abu-musab-al-zar.md) _Context: Abu Musab al-Zarqawi_
10. [ According to an aide to Iraq's prime minister Nuri al-Maliki, the leader of Al-Qaeda in Iraq and one of the world's most wanted men, Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, was killed by a U.S. air raid. Al-Zarqawi's body was retrieved and visually identified by known scars, tattoos and fingerprints. ](/news/2006/06/8/according-to-an-aide-to-iraq-s-prime-minister-nuri-al-maliki-the-leader-of-al-qaeda-in-iraq-and-one-of-the-world-s-most-wanted-men-abu-mu.md) _Context: Abu Musab al-Zarqawi_
