### [2004-09-21](/news/2004/09/21/index.md)

#  Defying a recent United Nations resolution, Iran announces that it will continue converting 37 tons (33,600 kg) of yellowcake uranium into uranium hexafluoride, a requirement for producing nuclear power plant fuel, but which some fear might be used to build nuclear weapons. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6292567)

### Related:

1. [ Iran resumes its nuclear programme at its uranium facility near the city of Isfahan. ](/news/2005/08/8/iran-resumes-its-nuclear-programme-at-its-uranium-facility-near-the-city-of-isfahan.md) _Context: Iran, Iran's nuclear program, uranium_
2. [ Iran is reportedly concluding a deal with the European Union which would spare it from possible United Nations sanctions over its nuclear arms programme. ](/news/2004/11/12/iran-is-reportedly-concluding-a-deal-with-the-european-union-which-would-spare-it-from-possible-united-nations-sanctions-over-its-nuclear-a.md) _Context: Iran, Iran's nuclear program, United Nations_
3. [ Iran has informed the International Atomic Energy Agency that it plans to convert 37 tons (33,600 kg) of yellowcake uranium into uranium hexafluoride&mdash;estimated to be enough for five nuclear weapons. ](/news/2004/09/1/iran-has-informed-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-that-it-plans-to-convert-37-tons-33-600-kg-of-yellowcake-uranium-into-uranium-he.md) _Context: Iran, uranium hexafluoride, yellowcake_
4. [ The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), the United Nations nuclear agency, finds undeclared components in Iran compatible with advanced uranium centrifuge designs, increasing Western concerns that it may be developing nuclear weapons. ](/news/2004/02/19/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-iaea-the-united-nations-nuclear-agency-finds-undeclared-components-in-iran-compatible-with-advan.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations, nuclear programme_
5. [ Nuclear weapons: Iranian official confirm traces of highly enriched uranium found in the country at the Kalaye Electric Company near Tehran (this was the second time such a discovery was made by United Nations inspectors). Iran's ambassador to the International Atomic Energy Agency, Ali Akbar Salehi, attributes the find to the contamination of imported equipment on state television. Iranians have allegedly used Kalaye Electric Company to test centrifuges used to make highly enriched uranium that can be used to make atomic bombs.](/news/2003/09/29/nuclear-weapons-iranian-official-confirm-traces-of-highly-enriched-uranium-found-in-the-country-at-the-kalaye-electric-company-near-tehran.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations, uranium_
6. [Russia's envoy to the International Atomic Energy Agency says he expects the historic nuclear deal between Iran and world powers, the P5+1, to be implemented in January. Before the end of the year, Iran will exchange its stockpile of low-enriched uranium for Russia's non-enriched forms of uranium, he said. ](/news/2015/12/7/russia-s-envoy-to-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-says-he-expects-the-historic-nuclear-deal-between-iran-and-world-powers-the-p5-1.md) _Context: Iran, uranium_
7. [Eleven tons of enriched uranium are on a ship heading from Iran to Russia, per the July 14th international agreement. Iran delivers 200 tons of Russian yellowcake in return. The International Atomic Energy Agency will decide when Tehran has complied with its obligations which would make dismantling of economic sanctions possible. ](/news/2015/12/28/eleven-tons-of-enriched-uranium-are-on-a-ship-heading-from-iran-to-russia-per-the-july-14th-international-agreement-iran-delivers-200-tons.md) _Context: Iran, yellowcake_
8. [The United Nations finds Iran's firing of a medium-range ballistic missile in October violated a June 2010 resolution banning the Islamic Republic from launches capable of delivering nuclear weapons. The test was not technically a violation of the July nuclear deal between Iran and six world powers. It's not known if the Security Council will take any action. ](/news/2015/12/15/the-united-nations-finds-iran-s-firing-of-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-in-october-violated-a-june-2010-resolution-banning-the-islamic-re.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations_
9. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry meets in Vienna, Austria, with the foreign ministers of Turkey and Saudi Arabia, as well as the U.N. special envoy for Syria, ahead of Saturday's next round of international summits on the Syrian Civil War. The talks, aimed toward a cease-fire in Syria's devastating war and a political transition to a post-war government, will include senior officials from 19 nations/groups and, as in October, Iran will participate. ](/news/2015/11/13/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-in-vienna-austria-with-the-foreign-ministers-of-turkey-and-saudi-arabia-as-well-as-the-u-n-spec.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations_
10. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saudi.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations_
