### [2010-11-22](/news/2010/11/22/index.md)

# CBC News leaks a suggestion that Hezbollah may have been responsible for the murder of Rafic Hariri. 

UN special investigators have concluded that an eight-member hit squad backed by the militant Shia group Hezbollah was behind the spectacular assassination of former Lebanese prime minister Rafik Hariri five years ago, CBC News has learned.


### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/world/story/2010/11/19/f-rfa-macdonald-lebanon-hariri.html)
1. [Cover Image](https://i.cbc.ca/1.2072137.1381902280!/httpImage/image.jpg_gen/derivatives/16x9_1180/leb-hariri-ts-6251819.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The Special Tribunal for Lebanon publishes an indictment against Hezbollah members accused in the 2005 assassination of Lebanese Prime Minister Rafic Hariri. ](/news/2011/08/17/the-special-tribunal-for-lebanon-publishes-an-indictment-against-hezbollah-members-accused-in-the-2005-assassination-of-lebanese-prime-minis.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Rafic Hariri_
2. [Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah gives a press conference in which he states he has evidence that implicates Israel in the 2005 assassination of then Prime Minister of Lebanon Rafic Hariri, who was killed along with 22 others. ](/news/2010/08/9/hezbollah-leader-hassan-nasrallah-gives-a-press-conference-in-which-he-states-he-has-evidence-that-implicates-israel-in-the-2005-assassinati.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Rafic Hariri_
3. [Hezbollah states it has passed on evidence said to implicate Israel in the 2005 assassination of then Prime Minister of Lebanon Rafic Hariri. ](/news/2010/08/17/hezbollah-states-it-has-passed-on-evidence-said-to-implicate-israel-in-the-2005-assassination-of-then-prime-minister-of-lebanon-rafic-hariri.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Rafic Hariri_
4. [Israel's Foreign Ministry alleges Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah's press conference yesterday, in which he stated he has evidence that implicates Israel in the 2005 assassination of former Prime Minister of Lebanon Rafic Hariri and 22 others, was full of "ridiculous lies". ](/news/2010/08/10/israel-s-foreign-ministry-alleges-hezbollah-leader-hassan-nasrallah-s-press-conference-yesterday-in-which-he-stated-he-has-evidence-that-im.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Rafic Hariri_
5. [CJTF-OIR jets destroy a section of road, blocking the path of a convoy carrying ISIL evacuees from the Lebanon-Syria border en route to Abu Kamal in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. The convoy, carrying 308 militants and 331 civilians according to Hezbollah, is now effectively stranded in Syrian government-controlled territory. ](/news/2017/08/30/cjtfaoir-jets-destroy-a-section-of-road-blocking-the-path-of-a-convoy-carrying-isil-evacuees-from-the-lebanonasyria-border-en-route-to.md) _Context: Hezbollah_
6. [U.S. authorities charge two operatives, Samer El Debek, 37, of Dearborn, Michigan, and Ali Kourani, 32, of the Bronx, New York, belonging to the Lebanese Shiite militant group Hezbollah with terrorism offenses, accused of plotting to target American and Israeli targets in New York and Panama. ](/news/2017/06/8/u-s-authorities-charge-two-operatives-samer-el-debek-37-of-dearborn-michigan-and-ali-kourani-32-of-the-bronx-new-york-belonging-to.md) _Context: Hezbollah_
7. [In response to several Israeli airstrikes against suspected Hezbollah-related targets inside Syria, Syrian president Bashar al-Assad has threatened wider war with the State of Israel, stating its intention to fire Scud missiles, and specifically target the Israeli city of Haifa. Israel responded by stating that any such actions by the Assad regime, or attacks on its aircraft, will cause Israel to "annihilate" Syrian air defense systems. ](/news/2017/03/25/in-response-to-several-israeli-airstrikes-against-suspected-hezbollah-related-targets-inside-syria-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-has-thr.md) _Context: Hezbollah_
8. [The Israeli Air Force resumes bombing against suspected Hezbollah-related targets in Syria, with a fourth round of bombings occurring near military sites near Damascus. ](/news/2017/03/22/the-israeli-air-force-resumes-bombing-against-suspected-hezbollah-related-targets-in-syria-with-a-fourth-round-of-bombings-occurring-near-m.md) _Context: Hezbollah_
9. [The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-israeli-air-force-launches-several-airstrikes-on-targets-inside-syria-and-for-the-first-time-publicly-claims-responsibility-syrian-ai.md) _Context: Hezbollah_
10. [The International Committee of the Red Cross claims that 25,000 residents of the rebel-held territories have been evacuated from Aleppo as Hezbollah warns remaining residents in the former rebel enclave to leave "as quickly as possible". ](/news/2016/12/20/the-international-committee-of-the-red-cross-claims-that-25-000-residents-of-the-rebel-held-territories-have-been-evacuated-from-aleppo-as-h.md) _Context: Hezbollah_
