### [2012-02-14](/news/2012/02/14/index.md)

# A new statue of late North Korean leader Kim Jong-il is unveiled in the capital Pyongyang. 

The first bronze statue of the late North Korean leader Kim Jong Il was unveiled in Pyongyang as part of celebrations marking what would have been his 70th birthday this week.


### Source:

1. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/asia/northkorea/9082302/North-Korea-statue-of-former-leader-Kim-Jong-II-unveiled-in-Pyongyang.html)
1. [Cover Image](http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/02138/statue-460_2138789a.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The "Chosunilbo" newspaper in South Korea reports that Kim Pyong-il, the half-brother of current North Korean leader Kim Jong-il, is under house arrest in Pyongyang. ](/news/2011/07/1/the-chosunilbo-newspaper-in-south-korea-reports-that-kim-pyong-il-the-half-brother-of-current-north-korean-leader-kim-jong-il-is-under-h.md) _Context: Kim Jong-il, North Korea, Pyongyang_
2. [ The President of South Korea Roh Moo-hyun and the leader of North Korea Kim Jong-il commence talks in Pyongyang. ](/news/2007/10/3/the-president-of-south-korea-roh-moo-hyun-and-the-leader-of-north-korea-kim-jong-il-commence-talks-in-pyongyang.md) _Context: Kim Jong-il, North Korea, Pyongyang_
3. [ The President of South Korea Roh Moo-hyun walks across the Korean Demilitarized Zone in travelling to Pyongyang for talks with North Korean leader Kim Jong Il. ](/news/2007/10/2/the-president-of-south-korea-roh-moo-hyun-walks-across-the-korean-demilitarized-zone-in-travelling-to-pyongyang-for-talks-with-north-korean.md) _Context: Kim Jong-il, North Korea, Pyongyang_
4. [ After an official 3-day visit to Pyongyang, North Korea, President Hu Jintao of the People's Republic of China returns to Beijing, having reached new directions in Sino-DPRK relations. This comes after North Korean Leader Kim Jong-il called Hu the "most respected guest". ](/news/2005/10/30/after-an-official-3-day-visit-to-pyongyang-north-korea-president-hu-jintao-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-returns-to-beijing-having-r.md) _Context: Kim Jong-il, North Korea, Pyongyang_
5. [Air China suspends all flights to North Korea's capital Pyongyang amid rising tensions between North Korea and the United States. ](/news/2017/04/14/air-china-suspends-all-flights-to-north-korea-s-capital-pyongyang-amid-rising-tensions-between-north-korea-and-the-united-states.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang_
6. [ North Korea accuses South Korea of kidnapping its citizens and demands their immediate return after Seoul's Ministry of Unification said 13 of them had defected to South Korea from China, where they worked in a Pyongyang-operated restaurant. China says that the 13 people, a male manager and 12 young female employees, had legitimate passports and had freely exited China. ](/news/2016/04/12/north-korea-accuses-south-korea-of-kidnapping-its-citizens-and-demands-their-immediate-return-after-seoul-s-ministry-of-unification-said-13.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang_
7. [North Korea threatens a pre-emptive nuclear strike against South Korea and the United States in response to the two nations' annual joint military exercise which Pyongyang considers is a pretext for an invasion. ](/news/2016/03/6/north-korea-threatens-a-pre-emptive-nuclear-strike-against-south-korea-and-the-united-states-in-response-to-the-two-nations-annual-joint-mi.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang_
8. [The Philippines impounds a North Korean cargo ship in line with new UN sanctions on North Korea in response to Pyongyang's recent nuclear test and missile launch. Presidential spokesman, Manolo Quezon, said the 6,830-tonne cargo ship would not be allowed to leave the Port of Subic, Luzon, where it has been docked for three days, and that its crew would be deported. ](/news/2016/03/5/the-philippines-impounds-a-north-korean-cargo-ship-in-line-with-new-un-sanctions-on-north-korea-in-response-to-pyongyang-s-recent-nuclear-te.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang_
9. [North Korea's all-female Moranbong Band, which was formed by leader Kim Jong-un, surprisingly cancels tonight's concert at Beijing's National Centre for the Performing Arts, and two others and returns to Pyongyang. Rumors for the sudden change abound, but no reason has been given. The sudden cancellation could hurt Chinese-North Korean relations, cooler since between Kim assumed power in 2011. ](/news/2015/12/12/north-korea-s-all-female-moranbong-band-which-was-formed-by-leader-kim-jong-un-surprisingly-cancels-tonight-s-concert-at-beijing-s-nationa.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang_
10. [North Korea holds a massive military parade in its capital, Pyongyang, to celebrate the 70th anniversary of Workers' Party of Korea rule in the country. Liu Yunshan, the highest-ranking Chinese official to visit North Korea in three years, attends the parade. ](/news/2015/10/10/north-korea-holds-a-massive-military-parade-in-its-capital-pyongyang-to-celebrate-the-70th-anniversary-of-workers-party-of-korea-rule-in.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang_
