### [2012-02-14](/news/2012/02/14/index.md)

# The Venezuelan Supreme Tribunal orders the opposition not to destroy the voter list following its primary. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5hkuo1PZCaqKEjQlULEfpD3Ldb76Q?docId=21a88b74cdf04dba8da5dcc35e4c2f7c)

### Related:

1. [The Supreme Court of Venezuela bars Luisa Ortega Diaz, the chief prosecutor and outspoken critic of president Nicolas Maduro, from leaving the country and freezes her assets. ](/news/2017/06/28/the-supreme-court-of-venezuela-bars-luisa-ortega-daaz-the-chief-prosecutor-and-outspoken-critic-of-president-nicola-s-maduro-from-leaving.md) _Context: Supreme Court, Venezuela_
2. [In a ruling, Venezuela's Supreme Court says it "guarantees congressional functions will be exercised by" itself, authorizing president Nicolas Maduro to create oil joint ventures without the previously mandated congressional approval. Opposition leaders call it a "coup", while Peru recalls its ambassador. ](/news/2017/03/30/in-a-ruling-venezuela-s-supreme-court-says-it-guarantees-congressional-functions-will-be-exercised-by-itself-authorizing-president-nicol.md) _Context: Supreme Court, Venezuela_
3. [Venezuela's Supreme Tribunal of Justice upholds the 13-year, 9-month-plus prison term of Popular Will party founder Leopoldo Lopez for inciting violence, via "subliminal messages," at the 2014 anti-government protests where 43 people were killed. Yesterday, United States President Donald Trump met with Lopez's wife, Lilian Tintori, and called on Venezuela to release Lopez immediately. ](/news/2017/02/16/venezuela-s-supreme-tribunal-of-justice-upholds-the-13-year-9-month-plus-prison-term-of-popular-will-party-founder-leopoldo-la3pez-for-inci.md) _Context: Supreme Court, Venezuela_
4. [Venezuela's Supreme Tribunal rules that opposition's proposed amendment to change the President's term of office from six to four years can not be applied retroactively, thereby ending this attempt to cut short President Nicolas Maduro's time in office. ](/news/2016/04/25/venezuela-s-supreme-tribunal-rules-that-opposition-s-proposed-amendment-to-change-the-president-s-term-of-office-from-six-to-four-years-can.md) _Context: Supreme Court, Venezuela_
5. [Violence breaks out in the Venezuelan city of San Cristobal between students and police after a supreme court ruling curtailed the power of the opposition-controlled National Assembly to review government appointments of Supreme Court justices. ](/news/2016/03/3/violence-breaks-out-in-the-venezuelan-city-of-san-crista3bal-between-students-and-police-after-a-supreme-court-ruling-curtailed-the-power-of.md) _Context: Supreme Court, Venezuela_
6. [The Venezuelan Supreme Tribunal of Justice rules that the latest inauguration of President Hugo Chavez can be deferred while his recovery continues from a cancer operation. ](/news/2013/01/9/the-venezuelan-supreme-tribunal-of-justice-rules-that-the-latest-inauguration-of-president-hugo-cha-vez-can-be-deferred-while-his-recovery-c.md) _Context: Supreme Court, Venezuela_
7. [ Venezuelans go to the polls for regional elections. Allies of President Hugo Chvez win 17 of 21 governorships, but the opposition wins in the two biggest states of Miranda and Zulia as well as the mayorship of Caracas. ](/news/2008/11/23/venezuelans-go-to-the-polls-for-regional-elections-allies-of-president-hugo-chavez-win-17-of-21-governorships-but-the-opposition-wins-in.md) _Context: Venezuela, opposition_
8. [Venezuela's Supreme Court announced it was suspending its services, citing political harassment and condemning deadly violence during a general strike by opponents of President Hugo Chvez.](/news/2002/12/10/venezuela-s-supreme-court-announced-it-was-suspending-its-services-citing-political-harassment-and-condemning-deadly-violence-during-a-gene.md) _Context: Supreme Court, Venezuela_
9. [The U.S. imposes new sanctions on eight Venezuelan officials, including Secretary of the 2017 Constituent Assembly Adan Chavez - the late President Hugo Chavez's brother, to "deter further democratic backsliding" in the South American country. ](/news/2017/08/9/the-u-s-imposes-new-sanctions-on-eight-venezuelan-officials-including-secretary-of-the-2017-constituent-assembly-ada-n-cha-vez-the-late.md) _Context: Venezuela_
10. [Socorro Flores Liera, Mexico's deputy foreign minister for Latin America and the Caribbean, speaks during an interview with Reuters in Mexico City, that during the first half of 2017, 1,420 Venezuelans have sought asylum in Mexico, a nearly four-fold jump compared to the 361 total Venezuelan asylum applicants for all of 2016, as the result of Venezuela's deepening political and economic crisis. ](/news/2017/08/4/socorro-flores-liera-mexico-s-deputy-foreign-minister-for-latin-america-and-the-caribbean-speaks-during-an-interview-with-reuters-in-mexic.md) _Context: Venezuela_
