### [2012-10-22](/news/2012/10/22/index.md)

# A football fan is jailed after an attack on former England international goalkeeper Chris Kirkland during a match last week. Twenty-one-year-old Aaron Cawley was filmed on live television jumping from the stand and striking Kirkland with both arms on the head following a goal during the league match at Hillsborough. Kirkland, who described the assault as like being "hit by a ton of bricks", was thrown off balance, crashed to the ground against his goal area and required treatment for his injuries. 




### Source:

1. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/leeds-united/9625456/Jailed-Leeds-fan-Aaron-Cawley-binged-on-lager-cider-and-vodka-before-attacking-Sheffield-Wednesdays-Chris-Kirkland.html)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/football/2012/oct/22/fan-charged-assault-sheffied-wednesday)

### Related:

1. [Sam Allardyce is appointed as the new England national football team manager by The Football Association following the resignation of Roy Hodgson in June. ](/news/2016/07/22/sam-allardyce-is-appointed-as-the-new-england-national-football-team-manager-by-the-football-association-following-the-resignation-of-roy-ho.md) _Context: England national football team_
2. [Underdogs Iceland defeat England 2-1 at the Allianz Riviera in Nice to reach the quarter-finals of the UEFA European Championship. ](/news/2016/06/27/underdogs-iceland-defeat-england-2-1-at-the-allianz-riviera-in-nice-to-reach-the-quarter-finals-of-the-uefa-european-championship.md) _Context: England national football team_
3. [France deports twenty Russian football fans including Alexander Shprygin, the leader of the All-Russia Supporters Union, following violence at the England-Russia match in Marseille. ](/news/2016/06/16/france-deports-twenty-russian-football-fans-including-alexander-shprygin-the-leader-of-the-all-russia-supporters-union-following-violence.md) _Context: England national football team_
4. [Renewed clashes take place between English and Russian football fans in the French city of Lille following Russia's 2-1 defeat against Slovakia. Riot police fired tear gas at England supporters outside Gare de Lille Europe. ](/news/2016/06/15/renewed-clashes-take-place-between-english-and-russian-football-fans-in-the-french-city-of-lille-following-russia-s-2-1-defeat-against-slova.md) _Context: England national football team_
5. [England international footballer Adam Johnson is sentenced to six years in prison for child grooming and child sexual activity. ](/news/2016/03/24/england-international-footballer-adam-johnson-is-sentenced-to-six-years-in-prison-for-child-grooming-and-child-sexual-activity.md) _Context: England national football team_
6. [In football, Wayne Rooney becomes the highest goalscorer for the England national football team with a goal against Switzerland in a UEFA Euro 2016 qualifying match. ](/news/2015/09/8/in-football-wayne-rooney-becomes-the-highest-goalscorer-for-the-england-national-football-team-with-a-goal-against-switzerland-in-a-uefa-eu.md) _Context: England national football team_
7. [In association football, a judge suspends England's match against Brazil over safety fears at the Estadio do Maracana in Rio de Janeiro. ](/news/2013/05/30/in-association-football-a-judge-suspends-england-s-match-against-brazil-over-safety-fears-at-the-esta-dio-do-maracanaps-in-rio-de-janeiro.md) _Context: England national football team_
8. [In association football, former England and current Blackburn Rovers goalkeeper Paul Robinson is sidelined after developing a pulmonary embolism. ](/news/2013/04/4/in-association-football-former-england-and-current-blackburn-rovers-goalkeeper-paul-robinson-is-sidelined-after-developing-a-pulmonary-embo.md) _Context: England national football team_
9. [Football Against Racism in Europe (FARE), a pan-European anti-racism group, reports England's football fans to FIFA over racist chants roared throughout last Friday's World Cup qualifying match in San Marino. Among the chants were songs referring to the IRA and Second World War and a ditty calling for Anton and Rio Ferdinand to be tossed on a bonfire. England face a heavy fine as punishment and the prospect of further sanctions, such as playing qualifiers behind closed doors. ](/news/2013/03/28/football-against-racism-in-europe-fare-a-pan-european-anti-racism-group-reports-england-s-football-fans-to-fifa-over-racist-chants-roare.md) _Context: England national football team_
10. [Former England national football team captain David Beckham joins French club Paris Saint-Germain after leaving the Los Angeles Galaxy. He will also donate his entire salary to charity. ](/news/2013/01/31/former-england-national-football-team-captain-david-beckham-joins-french-club-paris-saint-germain-after-leaving-the-los-angeles-galaxy-he-w.md) _Context: England national football team_
