### [2012-10-22](/news/2012/10/22/index.md)

# A former Goldman Sachs employee blows the whistle on the investment bank having routinely taken advantage of charities and pension funds to increase its profits. 




### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/business/2012/oct/22/goldman-sachs-muppets-greg-smith-clients)

### Related:

1. [Raytheon: Raytheon wins the dismissal of a USD$1 billion whistleblower lawsuit accusing the defense contractor of over billing the U.S. government on a contract for satellite sensors, nearly 18 months after the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit revived the case. ](/news/2017/08/3/raytheon-raytheon-wins-the-dismissal-of-a-usd-1-billion-whistleblower-lawsuit-accusing-the-defense-contractor-of-over-billing-the-u-s-gove.md) _Context: whistleblower_
2. [Political appointments of Donald Trump: Goldman Sachs banker Jim Donovan withdraws from consideration as Deputy Treasury Secretary in order to have time for his family. ](/news/2017/05/19/political-appointments-of-donald-trump-goldman-sachs-banker-jim-donovan-withdraws-from-consideration-as-deputy-treasury-secretary-in-order.md) _Context: Goldman Sachs_
3. [ Presidential transition of Donald Trump: Donald Trump requests Gary Cohn, chief operating officer of investment bank Goldman Sachs, to join his administration as chair of the White House National Economic Council. ](/news/2016/12/9/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-donald-trump-requests-gary-cohn-chief-operating-officer-of-investment-bank-goldman-sachs-to-join.md) _Context: Goldman Sachs_
4. [Judge Vivien Rose of London's High Court, finds in favor of Goldman Sachs, that the bank is not liable for the failure of highly speculative trades made by the sovereign wealth fund of Libya. ](/news/2016/10/15/judge-vivien-rose-of-london-s-high-court-finds-in-favor-of-goldman-sachs-that-the-bank-is-not-liable-for-the-failure-of-highly-speculative.md) _Context: Goldman Sachs_
5. [The U.S. House Intelligence Committee releases a summary of its two-year investigation into former NSA contractor Edward Snowden which downplays his alleged status as a whistleblower while acknowledging "tremendous damage to national security" as a result of the classified documents he stole. ](/news/2016/09/15/the-u-s-house-intelligence-committee-releases-a-summary-of-its-two-year-investigation-into-former-nsa-contractor-edward-snowden-which-downp.md) _Context: whistleblower_
6. [The French government calls on former European Commission chief Jose Manuel Barroso not to take a job with investment bank Goldman Sachs, after some EU politicians demanded Barroso be sanctioned for accepting the new position that raises questions about the EU's conflict of interest rules. ](/news/2016/07/14/the-french-government-calls-on-former-european-commission-chief-josa-c-manuel-barroso-not-to-take-a-job-with-investment-bank-goldman-sachs-a.md) _Context: Goldman Sachs_
7. [Goldman Sachs, the American multinational investment banking firm, launches an FDIC-insured, Internet-based savings bank. The Wall Street institution, whose investment banking account minimums are in the millions, sets a minimum deposit of $1 dollar for GSBank.com. ](/news/2016/04/25/goldman-sachs-the-american-multinational-investment-banking-firm-launches-an-fdic-insured-internet-based-savings-bank-the-wall-street-in.md) _Context: Goldman Sachs_
8. [2008 financial crisis: Goldman Sachs agrees to pay $5.06 billion to settle allegations that it sold packages of shoddy mortgages prior to the global financial crisis.. The U.S. Justice Department settlement includes a $2.385 billion civil penalty, and $1.8 billion for distressed borrowers and communities affected by the housing crisis. ](/news/2016/04/11/2008-financial-crisis-goldman-sachs-agrees-to-pay-5-06-billion-to-settle-allegations-that-it-sold-packages-of-shoddy-mortgages-prior-to-th.md) _Context: Goldman Sachs_
9. [In the United States, a group of hospitals, 32 in 15 states, agree to pay a total of $28 million to settle charges they submitted false claims to Medicare for a type of spinal fracture treatment. This is the latest settlement stemming from a decade-old whistleblower lawsuit about alleged inappropriate billing for kyphoplasty. More than 130 hospitals have paid about $105 million to settle billing claims from this spinal procedure. ](/news/2015/12/18/in-the-united-states-a-group-of-hospitals-32-in-15-states-agree-to-pay-a-total-of-28-million-to-settle-charges-they-submitted-false-clai.md) _Context: whistleblower_
10. [In a plea bargain with U.S. federal prosecutors, Rohit Bansal, a former Goldman Sachs banker accused of using private information leaked by source inside the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, has agreed to plead guilty. The leaked information was said to have given Goldman an undue advantage regarding client advisement. Goldman also faces fines from the New York State-s Department of Financial Services. ](/news/2015/10/27/in-a-plea-bargain-with-u-s-federal-prosecutors-rohit-bansal-a-former-goldman-sachs-banker-accused-of-using-private-information-leaked-by.md) _Context: Goldman Sachs_
