### [2012-10-22](/news/2012/10/22/index.md)

# Peter Rippon, the BBC "Newsnight" editor responsible for dropping an investigation into allegations of sexual abuse against Jimmy Savile, steps aside from his role with immediate effect. 

The BBC Director-General, George Entwistle, will be fighting for his career today as MPs demand to know how much he knew about the suppression of a Newsnight investigation into sexual abuse by Jimmy Savile and why he sanctioned tribute programmes to the late BBC presenter.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-20024904)
2. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/newsnight-editor-peter-rippon-steps-aside-over-jimmy-savile-claims-8220491.html)

### Related:

1. [The BBC appoints the heads of two separate inquiries into the sexual abuse scandal that has engulfed Jimmy Savile. Former High Court judge Dame Janet Smith will review the culture and practices of the BBC during the time Savile worked there, while Nick Pollard, a former Sky News executive will look at why a "Newsnight" investigation into Savile's activities was dropped shortly before transmission. ](/news/2012/10/16/the-bbc-appoints-the-heads-of-two-separate-inquiries-into-the-sexual-abuse-scandal-that-has-engulfed-jimmy-savile-former-high-court-judge-d.md) _Context: Jimmy Savile, Jimmy Savile sexual abuse scandal, Newsnight_
2. [Jimmy Savile sexual abuse scandal: A report by Dame Janet Smith finds that management at the BBC staff knew of complaints against Jimmy Savile but did not advise senior management due to a "culture of fear". ](/news/2016/02/25/jimmy-savile-sexual-abuse-scandal-a-report-by-dame-janet-smith-finds-that-management-at-the-bbc-staff-knew-of-complaints-against-jimmy-savi.md) _Context: Jimmy Savile, Jimmy Savile sexual abuse scandal_
3. [The Metropolitan Police and NSPCC have confirmed 214 separate sexual offences committed by Jimmy Savile over a period of fifty years. ](/news/2013/01/11/the-metropolitan-police-and-nspcc-have-confirmed-214-separate-sexual-offences-committed-by-jimmy-savile-over-a-period-of-fifty-years.md) _Context: Jimmy Savile, Jimmy Savile sexual abuse scandal_
4. [Jimmy Savile sexual abuse scandal:: The family of disgraced disc jockey and television presenter Jimmy Savile makes its first public statement since his reputation was destroyed by a sexual abuse scandal. ](/news/2012/10/27/jimmy-savile-sexual-abuse-scandal-the-family-of-disgraced-disc-jockey-and-television-presenter-jimmy-savile-makes-its-first-public-stateme.md) _Context: Jimmy Savile, Jimmy Savile sexual abuse scandal_
5. [The UK's Director of Public Prosecutions is to review a 2009 decision by the Crown Prosecution Service not to prosecute Jimmy Savile over allegations of sexual abuse. ](/news/2012/10/24/the-uk-s-director-of-public-prosecutions-is-to-review-a-2009-decision-by-the-crown-prosecution-service-not-to-prosecute-jimmy-savile-over-al.md) _Context: Jimmy Savile, Jimmy Savile sexual abuse scandal_
6. [BBC Director-General George Entwistle appears before the House of Commons Culture, Media and Sport Committee to answer questions about the Corporation's handling of allegations of sexual abuse against Jimmy Savile. ](/news/2012/10/23/bbc-director-general-george-entwistle-appears-before-the-house-of-commons-culture-media-and-sport-committee-to-answer-questions-about-the-c.md) _Context: Jimmy Savile, Jimmy Savile sexual abuse scandal_
7. [The UK's Department of Health appoints former barrister Kate Lampard to head an NHS inquiry into alleged activities by the broadcaster Jimmy Savile at various hospitals at which he was involved. ](/news/2012/10/17/the-uk-s-department-of-health-appoints-former-barrister-kate-lampard-to-head-an-nhs-inquiry-into-alleged-activities-by-the-broadcaster-jimmy.md) _Context: Jimmy Savile, Jimmy Savile sexual abuse scandal_
8. [Jimmy Savile sexual abuse scandal:: The Pollard report into practices at the BBC is published, and finds there was a -complete inability- to deal with the Jimmy Savile crisis. ](/news/2012/12/19/jimmy-savile-sexual-abuse-scandal-the-pollard-report-into-practices-at-the-bbc-is-published-and-finds-there-was-a-complete-inability.md) _Context: Jimmy Savile sexual abuse scandal_
9. [North Wales child abuse scandal and fallout of the Jimmy Savile sexual abuse scandal:: The UK broadcaster ITV faces an investigation by the media regulator Ofcom after television presenter Phillip Schofield handed Prime Minister David Cameron an internet-generated list of potential suspects in a child abuse case involving a care home during a live interview on Thursday, and asked him to comment. ](/news/2012/11/9/north-wales-child-abuse-scandal-and-fallout-of-the-jimmy-savile-sexual-abuse-scandal-the-uk-broadcaster-itv-faces-an-investigation-by-the.md) _Context: Jimmy Savile sexual abuse scandal_
10. [The BBC appoints Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead, as the new Director-General of the corporation after the resignation of George Entwistle earlier this month due to the Newsnight controversy. He is expected to start in the role in early March 2013. ](/news/2012/11/22/the-bbc-appoints-tony-hall-baron-hall-of-birkenhead-as-the-new-director-general-of-the-corporation-after-the-resignation-of-george-entwist.md) _Context: Newsnight_
