### [2006-04-22](/news/2006/04/22/index.md)

#  The first city-wide election in New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina takes place. 

Reuters.com brings you the latest news from around the world, covering breaking news in markets, business, politics, entertainment, technology, video and pictures.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.com/investing/financeArticle.aspx?type=bondsNews&storyID=2006-04-22T145302Z_01_N21195446_RTRIDST_0_HURRICANES-ELECTION-PICTURE.XML)

### Related:

1. [Hurricane Isaac arrives in the US city of New Orleans on the seventh anniversary of Hurricane Katrina hitting the city. Damage is limited. ](/news/2012/08/29/hurricane-isaac-arrives-in-the-us-city-of-new-orleans-on-the-seventh-anniversary-of-hurricane-katrina-hitting-the-city-damage-is-limited.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina, New Orleans_
2. [President of the United States Barack Obama pledges to restore the Gulf Coast on the fifth anniversary of Hurricane Katrina in a speech in New Orleans. ](/news/2010/08/29/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-pledges-to-restore-the-gulf-coast-on-the-fifth-anniversary-of-hurricane-katrina-in-a-speech-in-n.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina, New Orleans_
3. [ Two owners of a New Orleans nursing home are found not guilty of negligent homicide concerning the death of 35 residents after Hurricane Katrina. ](/news/2007/09/7/two-owners-of-a-new-orleans-nursing-home-are-found-not-guilty-of-negligent-homicide-concerning-the-death-of-35-residents-after-hurricane-ka.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina, New Orleans_
4. [ The United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit rules that three insurers are not responsible for flood damage in New Orleans resulting from Hurricane Katrina. ](/news/2007/08/2/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-fifth-circuit-rules-that-three-insurers-are-not-responsible-for-flood-damage-in-new-orleans-resu.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina, New Orleans_
5. [ New Orleans and the United States mark the one year anniversary of Hurricane Katrina. ](/news/2006/08/29/new-orleans-and-the-united-states-mark-the-one-year-anniversary-of-hurricane-katrina.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina, New Orleans_
6. [ A doctor and two nurses from Memorial Medical Center in the U.S. city of New Orleans are charged with murder in connection with the possible mercy killings of 34 patients in the immediate aftermath of Hurricane Katrina. ](/news/2006/07/18/a-doctor-and-two-nurses-from-memorial-medical-center-in-the-u-s-city-of-new-orleans-are-charged-with-murder-in-connection-with-the-possibl.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina, New Orleans_
7. [ A video obtained by the Associated Press shows U.S. President George W. Bush being warned that the levees in New Orleans could break one day before Hurricane Katrina hit. ](/news/2006/03/1/a-video-obtained-by-the-associated-press-shows-u-s-president-george-w-bush-being-warned-that-the-levees-in-new-orleans-could-break-one-da.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina, New Orleans_
8. [ In the United States, it has been revealed that the White House knew of extensive flooding of New Orleans in the hours after Hurricane Katrina struck last August. Michael Brown, the former head of the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), told a Senate Committee that he informed the White House of the seriousness of the situation at a time when even the media were not fully aware of the extent of the flooding. ](/news/2006/02/11/in-the-united-states-it-has-been-revealed-that-the-white-house-knew-of-extensive-flooding-of-new-orleans-in-the-hours-after-hurricane-katr.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina, New Orleans_
9. [ Hurricane Katrina:: Estimates of the death toll in New Orleans are made by H&HS Secretary Michael Leavitt: "I think it's evident it's in the thousands. It's clear to me that this has been sickeningly difficult and profoundly tragic circumstance" ](/news/2005/09/4/hurricane-katrina-estimates-of-the-death-toll-in-new-orleans-are-made-by-h-hs-secretary-michael-leavitt-i-think-it-s-evident-it-s-in-th.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina, New Orleans_
10. [ New Orleans mayor Ray Nagin interviewed on NBC's "Meet the Press" is critical of suggestions that tent cities be constructed to house Hurricane Katrina survivors. He promises to lead the rebuilding of the city saying: "New Orleaneans are the only ones to rebuild. We're going to rebuild New Orleans and make sure we have resources to get the job done." ](/news/2005/09/11/new-orleans-mayor-ray-nagin-interviewed-on-nbc-s-meet-the-press-is-critical-of-suggestions-that-tent-cities-be-constructed-to-house-hurri.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina, New Orleans_
