### [2007-04-24](/news/2007/04/24/index.md)

#  Foreign Minister of Turkey Abdullah Gl is nominated as the AK Party candidate for President of Turkey. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/6587061.stm)

### Related:

1. [Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu announces his resignation effective 22 May amid conflict with President Recep Tayyip Erdogan  over Turkey's increasingly authoritarian rule. Davutoglu said he would step down following an extraordinary meeting of AKP party leaders scheduled for May 22. ](/news/2016/05/5/turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-announces-his-resignation-effective-22-may-amid-conflict-with-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-over.md) _Context: President, Turkey, ruling party_
2. [ Abdullah Gl of the Justice and Development Party is elected President of Turkey. ](/news/2007/08/28/abdullah-gul-of-the-justice-and-development-party-is-elected-president-of-turkey.md) _Context: Abdullah Gül, President, ruling party_
3. [ The Grand National Assembly starts voting to select a new President of Turkey. The frontrunner Foreign Minister Abdullah Gl fails to achieve a necessary two-thirds majority in the first round with 341 out of 550 but is highly likely to be elected in later rounds when a simple majority of 50 per cent is required. ](/news/2007/08/20/the-grand-national-assembly-starts-voting-to-select-a-new-president-of-turkey-the-frontrunner-foreign-minister-abdullah-gul-fails-to-achie.md) _Context: Abdullah Gül, President, Turkey_
4. [ At least 300,000 secularist Turks march in Ankara to warn the Islamist Prime Minister of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his party against seeking the presidency. ](/news/2007/04/14/at-least-300-000-secularist-turks-march-in-ankara-to-warn-the-islamist-prime-minister-of-turkey-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-and-his-party-against.md) _Context: President, Turkey, ruling party_
5. [Voters in Turkey go to the polls for a referendum that seeks to replace the country's parliamentary system with an executive presidency, thereby giving President Recep Tayyip Erdogan sweeping new powers. Erdogan's AK Party has claimed victory while the opposition CHP has said that it will challenge the result. ](/news/2017/04/16/voters-in-turkey-go-to-the-polls-for-a-referendum-that-seeks-to-replace-the-country-s-parliamentary-system-with-an-executive-presidency-the.md) _Context: President, Turkey_
6. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan threatens to open Turkey's borders to allow refugees and migrants to reach Europe after the European Parliament votes to temporarily freeze talks of Turkey's accession to the EU. ](/news/2016/11/25/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-threatens-to-open-turkey-s-borders-to-allow-refugees-and-migrants-to-reach-europe-after-the-european.md) _Context: President, Turkey_
7. [In an unusual show of unity, tens of thousands of supporters of Turkey's ruling party and the country's main opposition parties hold a cross-party "Republic and Democracy" rally in support of democracy in Istanbul's central Taksim Square. ](/news/2016/07/24/in-an-unusual-show-of-unity-tens-of-thousands-of-supporters-of-turkey-s-ruling-party-and-the-country-s-main-opposition-parties-hold-a-cross.md) _Context: Turkey, ruling party_
8. [The United States Secretary of State John Kerry warns Turkey it could lose its NATO membership if it fails to uphold the principles of democracy. Around 8,000 police officers have been sacked in the country following the attempted coup, with more than 6,000 people in the army, the judiciary and other state bodies detained as part of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's crackdown. ](/news/2016/07/18/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-warns-turkey-it-could-lose-its-nato-membership-if-it-fails-to-uphold-the-principles-of-democ.md) _Context: President, Turkey_
9. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan warns Germany against recognizing the Armenian Genocide. ](/news/2016/06/1/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-warns-germany-against-recognizing-the-armenian-genocide.md) _Context: President, Turkey_
10. [Ebru Umar, a Dutch journalist of Turkish descent, is arrested in Kusadasi, Turkey, for tweets deemed critical of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. This comes as a political storm erupted this week over reports that the Turkish consulate asked Turkish organizations in the Netherlands to forward emails and social media posts which insult Erdogan or Turkey. ](/news/2016/04/24/ebru-umar-a-dutch-journalist-of-turkish-descent-is-arrested-in-kuaadasa-turkey-for-tweets-deemed-critical-of-president-recep-tayyip-er.md) _Context: President, Turkey_
