### [1999-01-13](/news/1999/01/13/index.md)

#  After fourteen years of playing NBA basketball, NBA superstar Michael Jordan announces his second retirement from basketball.




### Related:

1. [Enes Kanter, a Turkish basketballer playing in the American National Basketball Association, is detained at Henri Coanda International Airport after his Turkish passport was cancelled. ](/news/2017/05/20/enes-kanter-a-turkish-basketballer-playing-in-the-american-national-basketball-association-is-detained-at-henri-coanda-international-airp.md) _Context: National Basketball Association_
2. [Bryce Dejean-Jones, a National Basketball Association player with the New Orleans Pelicans, is shot dead in Dallas, Texas,  after breaking down an apartment bedroom door. ](/news/2016/05/28/bryce-dejean-jones-a-national-basketball-association-player-with-the-new-orleans-pelicans-is-shot-dead-in-dallas-texas-after-breaking-d.md) _Context: National Basketball Association_
3. [NBA Commissioner Adam Silver announces that Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling is banned from the league for life after a recording of Sterling making racist comments surfaces. Sterling is also fined the maximum allowable US$2.5 million as the NBA examines options for a forced sale. ](/news/2014/04/29/nba-commissioner-adam-silver-announces-that-los-angeles-clippers-owner-donald-sterling-is-banned-from-the-league-for-life-after-a-recording.md) _Context: National Basketball Association_
4. [While reportedly on his way to surrender to police in Atlanta, Georgia to face murder charges, former National Basketball Association player Javaris Crittenton is arrested by the FBI at John Wayne Airport in Orange County, California. ](/news/2011/08/30/while-reportedly-on-his-way-to-surrender-to-police-in-atlanta-georgia-to-face-murder-charges-former-national-basketball-association-player.md) _Context: National Basketball Association_
5. [The Cleveland Cavaliers set a new record for consecutive losses in a single National Basketball Association season in the United States. ](/news/2011/02/5/the-cleveland-cavaliers-set-a-new-record-for-consecutive-losses-in-a-single-national-basketball-association-season-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: National Basketball Association_
6. [NBA free agent LeBron James announces in an hour-long TV special that he plans to sign with the Miami Heat for the upcoming season. ](/news/2010/07/8/nba-free-agent-lebron-james-announces-in-an-hour-long-tv-special-that-he-plans-to-sign-with-the-miami-heat-for-the-upcoming-season.md) _Context: National Basketball Association_
7. [ Former basketball referee Tim Donaghy accuses other referees in the National Basketball Association of rigging games, including Game 6 in the 2002 Western Conference Finals, allowing the Los Angeles Lakers to win that game, the series, and ultimately the 2002 NBA Finals. ](/news/2008/06/11/former-basketball-referee-tim-donaghy-accuses-other-referees-in-the-national-basketball-association-of-rigging-games-including-game-6-in-t.md) _Context: National Basketball Association_
8. [ The San Antonio Spurs defeat the Cleveland Cavaliers in Game 4 of the 2007 NBA Finals to win the 2007 National Basketball Association Championship. ](/news/2007/06/14/the-san-antonio-spurs-defeat-the-cleveland-cavaliers-in-game-4-of-the-2007-nba-finals-to-win-the-2007-national-basketball-association-champ.md) _Context: National Basketball Association_
9. [Portland Trail Blazers players, Golden State Warriors players and Warriors' fans get involved in a melee after the Trail Blazers beat the Warriors, 113-111 in Oakland. It might be the first time in NBA history that a home team's fans attack the visiting team during or after a game.](/news/2002/12/20/portland-trail-blazers-players-golden-state-warriors-players-and-warriors-fans-get-involved-in-a-melee-after-the-trail-blazers-beat-the-wa.md) _Context: National Basketball Association_
10. [ Argentina defeated the United States, 87-80, at the World Basketball Championships in Indianapolis, Indiana.  It was the first loss ever in international play for a United States team containing National Basketball Association players.](/news/2002/09/4/argentina-defeated-the-united-states-87a80-at-the-world-basketball-championships-in-indianapolis-indiana-it-was-the-first-loss-ever.md) _Context: National Basketball Association_
