### [2003-08-27](/news/2003/08/27/index.md)

#  Astronomy: Mars passes Earth at a distance of under 55.76 million kilometers, the closest it has been in approximately 60,000 years




### Related:

1. [ The blueprint for the Chinese space program, including the first Chinese-built astronomy satellite, a joint unmanned mission to Mars with Russia, and other extensive international cooperation, is released. ](/news/2007/03/12/the-blueprint-for-the-chinese-space-program-including-the-first-chinese-built-astronomy-satellite-a-joint-unmanned-mission-to-mars-with-r.md) _Context: Astronomers, Mars_
2. [U.S. Congress passes a bill that mandates NASA send humans to Mars by 2033. ](/news/2017/03/8/u-s-congress-passes-a-bill-that-mandates-nasa-send-humans-to-mars-by-2033.md) _Context: Mars_
3. [The European Space Agency-Roscosmos operated Schiaparelli EDM lander successfully separates from the ExoMars Trace Gas Orbiter spacecraft, beginning a three-day descent to the surface of Mars. ](/news/2016/10/16/the-european-space-agency-roscosmos-operated-schiaparelli-edm-lander-successfully-separates-from-the-exomars-trace-gas-orbiter-spacecraft-b.md) _Context: Mars_
4. [SpaceX successfully tests its most powerful rocket to date. The company's goal will be to use the Raptor (rocket engine) to power their "super-heavy" Interplanetary Transport System in facilitation of the colonization of Mars and beyond. ](/news/2016/09/26/spacex-successfully-tests-its-most-powerful-rocket-to-date-the-company-s-goal-will-be-to-use-the-raptor-rocket-engine-to-power-their-sup.md) _Context: Mars_
5. [China's National Space Administration says it is working on a program to land a rover on Mars by 2020. ](/news/2016/04/22/china-s-national-space-administration-says-it-is-working-on-a-program-to-land-a-rover-on-mars-by-2020.md) _Context: Mars_
6. [Astronomers say they have observed bizarre light patterns using the Kepler Space Telescope from a star that appears old, but is shrouded in debris like a much younger star, roughly 1,500 light-years away. This has led to speculation that these are an "artificial extraterrestrial mega-structure", orbiting the star known as KIC 8462852 in the Cygnus constellation. KIC 8462852 lies just above the Milky Way between the constellations Cygnus and Lyra. It first attracted the attention of astronomers in 2009 when the Kepler Space Telescope identified it as a candidate for having orbiting Earth-like planets. ](/news/2015/10/15/astronomers-say-they-have-observed-bizarre-light-patterns-using-the-kepler-space-telescope-from-a-star-that-appears-old-but-is-shrouded-in.md) _Context: Astronomers_
7. [NASA releases new pictures from the Dawn spacecraft as it approaches from a distance of 238,000 miles of Ceres, the largest object in the asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter. Dawn will go into orbit around the dwarf planet on March 6. ](/news/2015/01/19/nasa-releases-new-pictures-from-the-dawn-spacecraft-as-it-approaches-from-a-distance-of-238-000-miles-of-ceres-the-largest-object-in-the-as.md) _Context: Mars_
8. [NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter finds the Beagle 2 spacecraft that disappeared in 2003 intact on the surface of Mars. An error had stopped the spacecraft's solar panels from working and communicating back to Earth. ](/news/2015/01/16/nasa-s-mars-reconnaissance-orbiter-finds-the-beagle-2-spacecraft-that-disappeared-in-2003-intact-on-the-surface-of-mars-an-error-had-stoppe.md) _Context: Mars_
9. [Oort cloud Comet Siding Spring makes a close fly-by the planet Mars passing within 140,000 kilometres. ](/news/2014/10/19/oort-cloud-comet-siding-spring-makes-a-close-fly-by-the-planet-mars-passing-within-140-000-kilometres.md) _Context: Mars_
10. [India's Mars Orbiter Mission of ISRO successfully enters Mars orbit. ](/news/2014/09/24/india-s-mars-orbiter-mission-of-isro-successfully-enters-mars-orbit.md) _Context: Mars_
