### [2003-08-27](/news/2003/08/27/index.md)

#  Private Jessica Lynch, whose rescue from an Iraqi hospital has been surrounded by controversy, is honourably discharged from the United States Army National Guard.




### Related:

1. [ U.S.-led occupation of Iraq: It is reported that, on July 29, members of the Oregon National Guard witnessed detainees being beaten and tortured in the grounds of the Iraqi Ministry of the Interior in Baghdad, and immediately intervened--only to subsequently receive orders from their superior officers to "stand down" and leave the grounds. ](/news/2004/08/7/u-s-led-occupation-of-iraq-it-is-reported-that-on-july-29-members-of-the-oregon-national-guard-witnessed-detainees-being-beaten-and-tor.md) _Context: Iraq, National Guard_
2. [ Turkey announces it will not send troops to Iraq. With the Turkish announcement, there are 24,000 non-American troops in Iraq, but almost half of them are British. Jessica Lynch accuses the US military of manipulating news about her capture, treatment and release for propaganda purposes. She also states that she has no memory of the supposed anal rape which a former "New York Times" reporter claims in a book that she was subjected to. United States Army Black Hawk helicopter crashes near Tikrit. Six soldiers are killed. All of the dead are from the 101st Airborne. It is unknown if the craft went down because of mechanical failure or hostile fire. Reportedly, a military source says it may have been hit by a rocket-propelled grenade. 57% of Poles oppose the mission in Iraq as the first Polish soldier dies. Vietnam War vets comment on the worrisome parallels between Vietnam and Iraq.](/news/2003/11/7/turkey-announces-it-will-not-send-troops-to-iraq-with-the-turkish-announcement-there-are-24-000-non-american-troops-in-iraq-but-almost-h.md) _Context: Iraq, Jessica Lynch_
3. [ Prisoner of war United States Army Private Jessica Lynch is rescued by U.S. forces from Nasiriya, Iraq ](/news/2003/04/1/prisoner-of-war-united-states-army-private-jessica-lynch-is-rescued-by-u-s-forces-from-nasiriya-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq, Jessica Lynch_
4. [Voters in Iraqi Kurdistan head to the polls for a historic referendum on independence from Iraq. ](/news/2017/09/25/voters-in-iraqi-kurdistan-head-to-the-polls-for-a-historic-referendum-on-independence-from-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq_
5. [Seven people are killed and 13 are injured after suicide bombers hit a state-run power station near the northern city of Samarra, Iraq. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/09/2/seven-people-are-killed-and-13-are-injured-after-suicide-bombers-hit-a-state-run-power-station-near-the-northern-city-of-samarra-iraq-the.md) _Context: Iraq_
6. [U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District of Michigan, Mark A. Goldsmith, halts for 90 days the mass deportation from the United States of more than 1,400 Iraqi nationals, including Chaldean Christians, to allow the plaintiffs time to appeal their cases. The American Civil Liberties Union petitioned for the injunction stating these people would face persecution in Iraq where they are considered ethnic and religious minorities. ](/news/2017/07/24/u-s-district-judge-for-the-eastern-district-of-michigan-mark-a-goldsmith-halts-for-90-days-the-mass-deportation-from-the-united-states-o.md) _Context: Iraq_
7. [The number of people displaced globally totals 65.6 million after an addition of 10.3 million people displaced in 2016. Syria, Colombia, Afghanistan, Iraq and South Sudan are the countries in the top five. ](/news/2017/06/19/the-number-of-people-displaced-globally-totals-65-6-million-after-an-addition-of-10-3-million-people-displaced-in-2016-syria-colombia-afg.md) _Context: Iraq_
8. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: Iraq_
9. [The Iraqi army's chief of staff, Lt Gen Othman al-Ghanmi, states that his security forces are only days away from completing the operation to recapture Mosul from ISIL. ](/news/2017/05/11/the-iraqi-army-s-chief-of-staff-lt-gen-othman-al-ghanmi-states-that-his-security-forces-are-only-days-away-from-completing-the-operation-t.md) _Context: Iraq_
10. [The United Nations announces expansion of civilian camps for people fleeing Mosul, following resumption of airstrikes on ISIL-held portions of the Iraqi city. ](/news/2017/04/4/the-united-nations-announces-expansion-of-civilian-camps-for-people-fleeing-mosul-following-resumption-of-airstrikes-on-isil-held-portions.md) _Context: Iraq_
