### [2003-08-27](/news/2003/08/27/index.md)

#  Separation of church and state: The controversial "Ten Commandments" monument in Alabama's Supreme Court building is removed from public view, following a court order stating that the monument's location in the court building breaches the separation of church and state. The monument, nicknamed "Roy's Holy Rock", was installed two years ago by the conservative Christian Chief Justice Roy Moore. Only one in five (20%) Americans approve of the federal court order under which workers removed the "Ten Commandments" monument from the rotunda of Alabama's state judicial building Wednesday, according to a new poll.




### Related:

1. [ Separation of church and state: Alabama's Chief Justice Roy Moore is suspended by a Judicial Ethics Panel over his refusal to remove a monument listing the Ten Commandments which he had installed in the state Supreme Court building. Moore had been ordered to remove the controversial monument by U.S. District Judge Myron Thompson, who in a judgment in 2002 said the monument "violates the constitution's ban on government promotion of a religious doctrine". Thompson's judgment was upheld by eight Associate Justices. Their ruling was criticised by Moore and the Christian Defense Coalition, who have threatened to block the court building to prevent the monument's removal.](/news/2003/08/22/separation-of-church-and-state-alabama-s-chief-justice-roy-moore-is-suspended-by-a-judicial-ethics-panel-over-his-refusal-to-remove-a-monu.md) _Context: Alabama, Roy Moore, Separation of church and state, Ten Commandments_
2. [ Chief Justice of Alabama Roy Moore is removed from office by the Alabama Court of Judiciary for failure to remove Ten Commandments monument from court house pursuant to order by U.S. District Judge Myron Thompson.](/news/2003/11/13/chief-justice-of-alabama-roy-moore-is-removed-from-office-by-the-alabama-court-of-judiciary-for-failure-to-remove-ten-commandments-monument.md) _Context: Alabama, Ten Commandments_
3. [The governor of the State of Alabama, Robert Bentley, wins a court victory halting impeachment proceedings that were set to begin Monday to determine whether he should remain in office after it was discovered that he had a romantic relationship with a staffer. ](/news/2017/04/7/the-governor-of-the-state-of-alabama-robert-bentley-wins-a-court-victory-halting-impeachment-proceedings-that-were-set-to-begin-monday-to.md) _Context: Alabama_
4. [The Alabama Ethics Commission finds there is probable cause that Governor Robert Bentley violated the state's ethics and campaign finance laws, and refers the case to Montgomery County District Attorney Daryl Bailey. ](/news/2017/04/6/the-alabama-ethics-commissiona-finds-there-is-probable-cause-that-governor-robert-bentley-violated-the-state-s-ethics-and-campaign-finance-l.md) _Context: Alabama_
5. [An AMBER Alert is issued in Tennessee and Alabama for Elizabeth Thomas, who is believed to have been kidnapped by her former high school teacher Tad Cummins. ](/news/2017/03/14/an-amber-alert-is-issued-in-tennessee-and-alabama-for-elizabeth-thomas-who-is-believed-to-have-been-kidnapped-by-her-former-high-school-tea.md) _Context: Alabama_
6. [Multiple tornadoes tear through New Orleans, Baton Rouge, and other parts of southeastern Louisiana, injuring at least 20 people; no deaths have been reported. The severe weather also delivers heavy rain and hail in Mississippi and Alabama. ](/news/2017/02/7/multiple-tornadoes-tear-through-new-orleans-baton-rouge-and-other-parts-of-southeastern-louisiana-injuring-at-least-20-people-no-deaths.md) _Context: Alabama_
7. [A powerful storm system hits the southern United States, resulting in four deaths in Alabama and severe damage across several states. ](/news/2017/01/2/a-powerful-storm-system-hits-the-southern-united-states-resulting-in-four-deaths-in-alabama-and-severe-damage-across-several-states.md) _Context: Alabama_
8. [Three people are dead after a tornado hits in Jackson County in the U.S. state of Alabama. Four other people are injured in neighboring De Kalb County. ](/news/2016/11/30/three-people-are-dead-after-a-tornado-hits-in-jackson-county-in-the-u-s-state-of-alabama-four-other-people-are-injured-in-neighboring-de-k.md) _Context: Alabama_
9. [One person is killed and at least five others injured following an explosion and fire along one of Colonial Pipeline's conduits in rural Alabama (US), the second incident on this section of the line in less than two months. One pipeline reopened this evening while a second is expected to working by Saturday. ](/news/2016/10/31/one-person-is-killed-and-at-least-five-others-injured-following-an-explosion-and-fire-along-one-of-colonial-pipeline-s-conduits-in-rural-ala.md) _Context: Alabama_
10. [The Alabama Court of the Judiciary finds Alabama Supreme Court Chief Justice Roy Moore guilty of six charges of violation of canon of judicial ethics and suspends him for the remainder of his term which is slated to end in 2019. The judge told other judges to ignore the Supreme Court of the United States ruling on gay marriage ("Obergefell v. Hodges"). ](/news/2016/09/30/the-alabama-court-of-the-judiciary-finds-alabama-supreme-court-chief-justice-roy-moore-guilty-of-six-charges-of-violation-of-canon-of-judici.md) _Context: Roy Moore_
