### [2005-04-14](/news/2005/04/14/index.md)

#  Bulgaria sends a diplomatic mission to Libya to seek a solution to the ongoing criminal prosecution of five nurses from Bulgaria for an HIV outbreak among Benghazi children. 




### Source:

1. [Bulgaria News Network](http://www.bgnewsnet.com/story.php?lang=en&sid=20014)

### Related:

1. [ A Libyan court sentences five Bulgarian nurses and a Palestinian doctor to death for allegedly knowingly infecting hundreds of Libyan children with HIV. ](/news/2006/12/19/a-libyan-court-sentences-five-bulgarian-nurses-and-a-palestinian-doctor-to-death-for-allegedly-knowingly-infecting-hundreds-of-libyan-child.md) _Context: Bulgaria, HIV, HIV trial in Libya, Libya_
2. [ The 5 Bulgarian nurses and the Palestinian assistant, imprisoned in Libya for 8 years and that had been sentenced to death, in several trials based on allegations of having inoculated AIDS to children, are leaving Libya and returning back to Sofia with Mrs Ccilia Sarkozy who negotiated their liberation. ](/news/2007/07/24/the-5-bulgarian-nurses-and-the-palestinian-assistant-imprisoned-in-libya-for-8-years-and-that-had-been-sentenced-to-death-in-several-tria.md) _Context: Bulgaria, HIV trial in Libya, Libya_
3. [ Cecilia Sarkozy, the wife of French President Nicolas Sarkozy, flies to Libya and visits the Bulgarian medics condemned to death for allegedly infecting children with HIV and also the families of the infected children. She will also meet Colonel Muammar al-Gaddafi, the President of Libya. ](/news/2007/07/12/ca-c-cilia-sarkozy-the-wife-of-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-flies-to-libya-and-visits-the-bulgarian-medics-condemned-to-death-for-alleg.md) _Context: Bulgaria, HIV trial in Libya, Libya_
4. [ The Supreme Court of Libya upholds the death penalty for the six Bulgarian medics and one Palestinian doctor accused of infecting children with HIV. ](/news/2007/07/11/the-supreme-court-of-libya-upholds-the-death-penalty-for-the-six-bulgarian-medics-and-one-palestinian-doctor-accused-of-infecting-children.md) _Context: Bulgaria, HIV trial in Libya, Libya_
5. [ In Libya, Muammar al-Gaddafi states that he is not going to pardon five Bulgarian nurses that face a death penalty accused of injecting children with the HIV ](/news/2005/03/23/in-libya-muammar-al-gaddafi-states-that-he-is-not-going-to-pardon-five-bulgarian-nurses-that-face-a-death-penalty-accused-of-injecting-chi.md) _Context: Bulgaria, HIV, Libya_
6. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). At least three French Armed Forces soldiers are killed after their helicopter is shot down near the city of Benghazi, Libya. The soldiers were killed while carrying out "dangerous intelligence operations", according to French President Francois Hollande. ](/news/2016/07/20/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-at-least-three-french-armed-forces-soldiers-are-killed-after-their-helicopter-is-shot-down-near-the-city.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libya_
7. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). Senior Libyan military officials say French special forces are on the ground in Benghazi helping Libyan National Army troops fight ISIL militants. They said that the French forces, along with American and British teams, are setting up an operations room inside Benina International Airport in Benina. The French defense ministry declined to comment, citing a policy not to comment on special forces' activities. ](/news/2016/02/24/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-senior-libyan-military-officials-say-french-special-forces-are-on-the-ground-in-benghazi-helping-libyan-n.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libya_
8. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). A major power station in the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi is shelled by militants. ](/news/2016/01/9/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-a-major-power-station-in-the-eastern-libyan-city-of-benghazi-is-shelled-by-militants.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libya_
9. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). At least nine people are killed and dozens injured in the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi after several mortar shells hit a protest against a UN proposal for a unity government to end the four-year long crisis in the country. ](/news/2015/10/23/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-at-least-nine-people-are-killed-and-dozens-injured-in-the-eastern-libyan-city-of-benghazi-after-several-m.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libya_
10. [A suicide car bomber detonates his vehicle at the residence of Khalifa Haftar in Benghazi, Libya, killing 4 of his guards and injuring another 3. ](/news/2014/06/4/a-suicide-car-bomber-detonates-his-vehicle-at-the-residence-of-khalifa-haftar-in-benghazi-libya-killing-4-of-his-guards-and-injuring-anoth.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libya_
