### [2005-04-14](/news/2005/04/14/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. Israel kills a member of the Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigade following a raid into the Palestinian town of Nablus. Palestinians maintain that a special unit disguised as Arabs carried out the act. Israeli Defence Forces say the man was a "ticking bomb" and that soldier shot only after he opened fire on them. Witnesses from the Balata camp, however, say the Israelis opened fire without warning and then took the body away. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4444781.stm)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4444859.stm)
3. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/565171.html)
4. [NY Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2005/04/15/international/middleeast/15mideast.html?oref=login)

### Related:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Following an appeal, 12-year-old Dima al-Wawi is freed from an Israeli prison. She is believed to be the youngest female Palestinian ever imprisoned. Israeli civil law, which does not allow anyone under 14 to go to jail, did not affect her imprisonment. Palestinian residents in the occupied territories are subject to military law that can sentence suspects as young as 12 to prison. ](/news/2016/04/24/israeli-palestinian-conflict-following-an-appeal-12-year-old-dima-al-wawi-is-freed-from-an-israeli-prison-she-is-believed-to-be-the-you.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
2. [ Israeli forces carry out a raid across parts of the West Bank town of Nablus. ](/news/2007/02/25/israeli-forces-carry-out-a-raid-across-parts-of-the-west-bank-town-of-nablus.md) _Context: Israel, Nablus, raid_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. 2017 Temple Mount crisis. The Israeli government says it will remove metal detectors and some cameras recently installed at the entrances to the Temple Mount in Jerusalem that resulted in a wave of protests and some deaths. Instead, less obtrusive surveillance means will be used. ](/news/2017/07/25/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-the-israeli-government-says-it-will-remove-metal-detectors-and-some-cameras-recent.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. 2017 Temple Mount crisis. Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.. Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey. Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.. 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.. United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.. Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-. ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
5. [Israel passes the Regulation Law which retroactively legalizes 4,000 housing units in 16 settlements on Area C West Bank occupied Palestinian territories. ](/news/2017/02/6/israel-passes-the-regulation-law-which-retroactively-legalizes-4-000-housing-units-in-16-settlements-on-area-c-west-bank-occupied-palestinia.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
6. [Israeli security forces begin evicting people from the illegal Amona, Mateh Binyamin, outpost built on private Palestinian-owned land near Ramallah in the central West Bank. The Supreme Court ordered residents to leave the area last year. ](/news/2017/02/1/israeli-security-forces-begin-evicting-people-from-the-illegal-amona-mateh-binyamin-outpost-built-on-private-palestinian-owned-land-near-r.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Israeli authorities approve 153 construction permits for settlement homes in East Jerusalem, and plan to approve another 11,000 in the coming months. ](/news/2017/01/27/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-authorities-approve-153-construction-permits-for-settlement-homes-in-east-jerusalem-and-plan-to-app.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. The Israeli Ministry of Transportation orders a bus company in Beersheba to remove Arabic-language advertisements on their buses following complaints from several Jewish residents. ](/news/2016/12/1/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-israeli-ministry-of-transportation-orders-a-bus-company-in-beersheba-to-remove-arabic-language-advertise.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. The Israeli Supreme Court questions the demolition of convicted terrorists' homes by the Israeli government after claims that the practice is used against Palestinians and not Israelis. The government has 30 days to respond before the court makes a decision on the practice. ](/news/2016/11/25/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-israeli-supreme-court-questions-the-demolition-of-convicted-terrorists-homes-by-the-israeli-government.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
10. [UNESCO's executive board approves the "Occupied Palestine" resolution which reaffirms the cultural heritage of Palestine, especially East Jerusalem, and criticizes certain Israeli actions regarding the Palestinian territories. For the land in Jerusalem where the Al-Aqsa Mosque stands, the board uses only Islamic naming terms without also mentioning Jewish or Christian historical references. ](/news/2016/10/18/unesco-s-executive-board-approves-the-occupied-palestine-resolution-which-reaffirms-the-cultural-heritage-of-palestine-especially-east-je.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
