### [2004-11-26](/news/2004/11/26/index.md)

#  Conflict in Iraq: In Baghdad, an American civilian contractor is shot near the Green Zone. The largest Sunni political party, Iraqi Islamic Party, calls for elections to be postponed for six months to allow better security and threatens a boycott. British troops join the operation to pacify the insurgency in the "Sunni Triangle." Iraqi police state they have arrested five suspected foreign fighters in the south. The Iraqi Minister of State says Iraqi National Guard discovered a small chemical and explosive lab in Falluja. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4041235.stm)
2. [Reuters](http://reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6919217&pageNumber=0)

### Related:

1. [ Conflict in Iraq: U.S. troops reach the center of Falluja with heavy fighting reported throughout the city. The Pentagon announces 10 U.S. and two Iraqi soldiers killed in the assault. One third of prisoners captured in Falluja by Iraqi forces have been foreigners from Egypt and Syria. Residents say a U.S. airstrike hit a clinic killing medical staff and patients. A nine-year-old boy dies because of lack of medical assistance after he was hit by shrapnel in what parents say was a separate airstrike. The mainly Sunni Iraqi Islamic Party withdraws from the Iraq Interim Governing Council. Iraqi and U.S. forces capture a mosque in northwest Falluja that was being used as an arms depot and insurgent meeting place and the Muslim Clerics Association called for a boycott of the election in protest of the assault. In Mosul, two U.S. soldiers are killed when mortars land in a military base. Three police stations are attacked in Baquba with casualty reports ranging from 25 to 45 people killed. A car bomb outside an Iraqi National Guard base near Kirkuk kills three people and wounds two. In Samarra, a senior local government official is assassinated. ](/news/2004/11/8/conflict-in-iraq-u-s-troops-reach-the-center-of-falluja-with-heavy-fighting-reported-throughout-the-city-the-pentagon-announces-10-u-s.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Falluja, Iraqi Islamic Party, Iraqi National Guard, Sunni_
2. [ Conflict in Iraq: A roadside bomb kills a U.S. soldier and wounds five others in western Baghdad. Hospital officials say five civilians are killed from U.S. snipers in the western city of Ramadi. In Kirkuk, a roadside bomb kills an Iraqi civilian. An Estonian soldier is killed and five wounded in a bomb blast in Baghdad. A mortar lands on an Iraqi National Guard checkpoint north of Baghdad, killing an Iraqi civilian. In Mosul, a car bomb kills a tribal leader and two civilians. ](/news/2004/10/25/conflict-in-iraq-a-roadside-bomb-kills-a-u-s-soldier-and-wounds-five-others-in-western-baghdad-hospital-officials-say-five-civilians-are.md) _Context: Baghdad, Conflict in Iraq, Iraq, Iraqi National Guard_
3. [ Conflict in Iraq: A suicide car bomb kills 16 and wounds 40 at a police training base in Ramadi west of Baghdad. A separate car bomb kills four Iraqi National Guard soldiers at a check point in Samarra. Two die and four are injured in U.S. air strikes on Falluja. In Mosul, two Turkish drivers are killed and two wounded when their convoy is attacked. Mortars land in central Baghdad killing two civilians. The U.S. military say they have captured a senior official of al-Zarqawi's militant organization. ](/news/2004/10/23/conflict-in-iraq-a-suicide-car-bomb-kills-16-and-wounds-40-at-a-police-training-base-in-ramadi-west-of-baghdad-a-separate-car-bomb-kills.md) _Context: Baghdad, Conflict in Iraq, Falluja, Iraqi National Guard_
4. [ Iraqi security forces fire tear gas and water cannon on protesters attempting to storm the Green Zone in Baghdad, injuring at least 33. ](/news/2016/05/20/iraqi-security-forces-fire-tear-gas-and-water-cannon-on-protesters-attempting-to-storm-the-green-zone-in-baghdad-injuring-at-least-33.md) _Context: Baghdad, Green Zone, Iraq_
5. [ Iraqi officials declare a state of emergency for all of Baghdad after protesters loyal to popular Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr stormed into Iraq's parliament in the Green Zone. ](/news/2016/04/30/iraqi-officials-declare-a-state-of-emergency-for-all-of-baghdad-after-protesters-loyal-to-popular-shiite-cleric-muqtada-al-sadr-stormed-int.md) _Context: Baghdad, Green Zone, Iraq_
6. [Bombs targeting two Sunni mosques in Baghdad, Iraq, kill seven people. ](/news/2013/09/27/bombs-targeting-two-sunni-mosques-in-baghdad-iraq-kill-seven-people.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Sunni_
7. [ Prime Minister Nouri Maliki calls for construction to be halted on the three-mile wall being built by the United States military around the predominantly Sunni district of Adhamiyah, Baghdad. Thousands of Iraqis also protest the wall. ](/news/2007/04/23/prime-minister-nouri-maliki-calls-for-construction-to-be-halted-on-the-three-mile-wall-being-built-by-the-united-states-military-around-the.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Sunni_
8. [ 70,000 coalition forces begin a crackdown on insurgents in Baghdad, the Iraqi PM's office says. ](/news/2006/06/13/70-000-coalition-forces-begin-a-crackdown-on-insurgents-in-baghdad-the-iraqi-pm-s-office-says.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, insurgency_
9. [ Conflict in Iraq: At least 20 Shia Militia members and Iraqi Police have died following a Sunni Arab ambush in Nahrawan, South East of Baghdad. ](/news/2005/10/27/conflict-in-iraq-at-least-20-shia-militia-members-and-iraqi-police-have-died-following-a-sunni-arab-ambush-in-nahrawan-south-east-of-bagh.md) _Context: Baghdad, Conflict in Iraq, Sunni_
10. [ Conflict in Iraq: Five Iraqis, including three members of the Iraqi Turkmen Front, die following a bomb on minibus in the capital Baghdad. ](/news/2005/09/23/conflict-in-iraq-five-iraqis-including-three-members-of-the-iraqi-turkmen-front-die-following-a-bomb-on-minibus-in-the-capital-baghdad.md) _Context: Baghdad, Conflict in Iraq, Iraq_
