### [2004-11-26](/news/2004/11/26/index.md)

#  Fatah officially picks former Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas, already PLO chairman, as its candidate for January's presidential elections. 

Find late breaking world news from every corner of the globe at Reuters.com, your online source for international news coverage.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4043065.stm)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6921618)
2. [Cover Image](https://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png)

### Related:

1. [Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the State of Palestine, announces a unity cabinet containing members of both Fatah and Hamas. ](/news/2014/06/2/mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-state-of-palestine-announces-a-unity-cabinet-containing-members-of-both-fatah-and-hamas.md) _Context: Fatah, Mahmoud Abbas_
2. [Palestinians in Ramallah protest outside the offices of Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas against the 1993 Oslo Peace Accords between Israel and the PLO. ](/news/2012/07/4/palestinians-in-ramallah-protest-outside-the-offices-of-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-against-the-1993-oslo-peace-accords-be.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, PLO_
3. [Hamas Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh calls on the PLO to withdraw its recognition of Israel's right to exist in response to Israel's opposition to the reconciliation deal between his movement and Fatah. ](/news/2011/04/29/hamas-prime-minister-ismail-haniyeh-calls-on-the-plo-to-withdraw-its-recognition-of-israelas-right-to-exist-in-response-to-israelas-oppo.md) _Context: Fatah, PLO_
4. [Top Fatah members aligned with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas asked Israel to attack Hamas ahead of Hamas' violent takeover of the Gaza Strip in 2007, according to a US diplomatic cable published by Wikileaks. ](/news/2010/12/21/top-fatah-members-aligned-with-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-asked-israel-to-attack-hamas-ahead-of-hamasa-violent-takeover.md) _Context: Fatah, Mahmoud Abbas_
5. [Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas condemns Iran, saying his people were "hijacked, at the hands of the Iranians"; possibly referring to Hamas's refusal to reconcile with Fatah on Iran's command by announcing on that it would boycott the Palestinian municipal elections ](/news/2010/05/26/palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-condemns-iran-saying-his-people-were-ahijacked-at-the-hands-of-the-iraniansa-possibly-r.md) _Context: Fatah, Mahmoud Abbas_
6. [ Mohammad Dahlan resigns as National Security Adviser to the President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas due to his role in the recent defeat of Fatah in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2007/07/26/mohammad-dahlan-resigns-as-national-security-adviser-to-the-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-due-to-his-role-in-the-rec.md) _Context: Fatah, Mahmoud Abbas_
7. [ Hamas militants are considering lighter ceasefire terms offered by Fatah, specifically Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas. They are giving Israel until May 27 to respond to this agreement, that would only end Israeli operations in the Gaza Strip. Hamas has said, however, that they are not completely committed to their offer. Israeli attack helicopters launch missile strikes on a various facilities, including a security facility near Palestinian Prime Minister Haniyeh's home. At least three people are injured by the air strikes. ](/news/2007/05/26/hamas-militants-are-considering-lighter-ceasefire-terms-offered-by-fatah-specifically-palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-they-are-giving.md) _Context: Fatah, Mahmoud Abbas_
8. [ Palestinian factional violence: Hamas gunmen ambush a convoy carrying weapons to Mahmoud Abbas's presidential guard unit. Six Fatah members are killed, more than 70 people are wounded and 12 others are kidnapped in ensuing battles. ](/news/2007/02/1/palestinian-factional-violence-hamas-gunmen-ambush-a-convoy-carrying-weapons-to-mahmoud-abbas-s-presidential-guard-unit-six-fatah-members.md) _Context: Fatah, Mahmoud Abbas_
9. [ Masked gunmen kill an officer of an elite force loyal to the President of PNA Mahmoud Abbas in a dawn raid on a Gaza training camp as tensions worsen between Hamas and Fatah. ](/news/2006/12/17/masked-gunmen-kill-an-officer-of-an-elite-force-loyal-to-the-president-of-pna-mahmoud-abbas-in-a-dawn-raid-on-a-gaza-training-camp-as-tensi.md) _Context: Fatah, Mahmoud Abbas_
10. [ Members of the militant wing of Mahmoud Abbas's Fatah party, Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, claim they have launched a chemical-tipped missile at the Israeli town of Sderot. The same group has recently claimed to possess about 20 biological warheads for Qassam rockets fired daily at Israeli towns. The Israeli Army says they have not detected a launch of any such rocket, nor received reports of such a weapon hitting Israel. At least four Qassam rockets are launched against Israeli towns on Wednesday. ](/news/2006/06/28/members-of-the-militant-wing-of-mahmoud-abbas-s-fatah-party-al-aqsa-martyrs-brigades-claim-they-have-launched-a-chemical-tipped-missile.md) _Context: Fatah, Mahmoud Abbas_
