### [2004-11-26](/news/2004/11/26/index.md)

#  Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf begins a tour of several American and European countries to urge Western leaders to resolve the Kashmir and Palestinian disputes, which he sees as root causes of terrorism by Muslims. 

Find late breaking world news from every corner of the globe at Reuters.com, your online source for international news coverage.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6929070&section=news)
1. [Cover Image](https://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png)

### Related:

1. [Former Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf tells "Der Spiegel" that a blind eye was turned to militant groups fighting in Kashmir. ](/news/2010/10/5/former-pakistani-president-pervez-musharraf-tells-der-spiegel-that-a-blind-eye-was-turned-to-militant-groups-fighting-in-kashmir.md) _Context: Kashmir, Pervez Musharraf_
2. [ A helicopter escorting the helicopter of President Pervez Musharraf crashes in Pakistan-administered Kashmir, killing four security officials and injuring his spokesman.date=December 2007 Forty five Pakistani soldiers and 130 pro-Taliban militants have died in two days of fierce fighting in North Waziristan, the Pakistani army says. ](/news/2007/10/8/a-helicopter-escorting-the-helicopter-of-president-pervez-musharraf-crashes-in-pakistan-administered-kashmir-killing-four-security-officia.md) _Context: Kashmir, Pervez Musharraf_
3. [ President Pervez Musharraf praises the military for ending the Lal Masjid siege and vows to eradicate terrorism from Pakistan. ](/news/2007/07/12/president-pervez-musharraf-praises-the-military-for-ending-the-lal-masjid-siege-and-vows-to-eradicate-terrorism-from-pakistan.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf, terrorism_
4. [ India and Pakistan agreed today to set up a panel to combat terrorism during the first peace talks between the countries in almost a year. However, there has been no progress in the core dispute over Kashmir, the mountain region both countries claim. ](/news/2006/11/15/india-and-pakistan-agreed-today-to-set-up-a-panel-to-combat-terrorism-during-the-first-peace-talks-between-the-countries-in-almost-a-year.md) _Context: Kashmir, terrorism_
5. [ Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf says that despite his plans to go to New Delhi to watch the last Indo-Pak cricket ODI, Kashmir, and not cricket, was on top of his agenda. ](/news/2005/04/9/pakistani-president-pervez-musharraf-says-that-despite-his-plans-to-go-to-new-delhi-to-watch-the-last-indo-pak-cricket-odi-kashmir-and-no.md) _Context: Kashmir, Pervez Musharraf_
6. [ Terrorism: Pakistan dismisses and condemns al-Qaida terrorist network threat against President Pervez Musharraf, saying the war against terrorism will continue. Pakistan Foreign Ministry spokesman Masood Khan states (in Islamabad) Pakistan will not be deterred by such threats. The identity of the speaker on the audio tape or the authenticity of the tape has not been verified. The message was attributed to al-Qaida's second-ranking leader, Ayman al-Zawahri, and was aired on Al Jazeera and Al-Arabiya.](/news/2003/09/29/terrorism-pakistan-dismisses-and-condemns-al-qaida-terrorist-network-threat-against-president-pervez-musharraf-saying-the-war-against-ter.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf, terrorism_
7. [Two police officials found guilty of negligence and mistreatment of evidence are sentenced to 17 years in prison. Five accused TTP militants are acquitted. The main suspect, former president Pervez Musharraf, who now resides in Dubai, is declared a fugitive for having failed to show up in court and has his property confiscated. ](/news/2017/08/31/two-police-officials-found-guilty-of-negligence-and-mistreatment-of-evidence-are-sentenced-to-17-years-in-prison-five-accused-ttp-militants.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf_
8. [Six people are killed and two are missing after the Jhelum River in Kashmir overflows following heavy rain and snowfall. ](/news/2017/04/7/six-people-are-killed-and-two-are-missing-after-the-jhelum-river-in-kashmir-overflows-following-heavy-rain-and-snowfall.md) _Context: Kashmir_
9. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: terrorism_
10. [ A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-two-other-passengers-are-injured-a-pa.md) _Context: terrorism_
