### [2006-06-20](/news/2006/06/20/index.md)

#  Jack Abramoff scandals: David Safavian, former George W. Bush White House official, is convicted of four felony counts of lying and obstruction of justice related to his dealings with lobbyist Jack Abramoff. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2006/POLITICS/06/20/lobbyist.probe.ap/index.html)

### Related:

1. [ United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice says the White House wants to broker a permanent deal between Israel and the Palestinian Authority before President George W. Bush leaves office. ](/news/2007/11/21/united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-says-the-white-house-wants-to-broker-a-permanent-deal-between-israel-and-the-palestinian.md) _Context: George W. Bush, White House_
2. [ Former White House Press Secretary Scott McClellan claims that United States President George W. Bush was involved in the Plame affair. ](/news/2007/11/21/former-white-house-press-secretary-scott-mcclellan-claims-that-united-states-president-george-w-bush-was-involved-in-the-plame-affair.md) _Context: George W. Bush, White House_
3. [ The United States House Committee on the Judiciary votes 22-17 to approve a report citing former White House counsel Harriet Miers and current Chief of Staff for President George W. Bush Joshua Bolten for failing to comply with subpoenas regarding the dismissal of U.S. attorneys controversy. ](/news/2007/07/25/the-united-states-house-committee-on-the-judiciary-votes-22-17-to-approve-a-report-citing-former-white-house-counsel-harriet-miers-and-curr.md) _Context: George W. Bush, White House_
4. [ U.S. President George W. Bush welcomes the Chinese President Hu Jintao at the White House. A Falun Gong protester--an accredited journalist from "The Epoch Times"--interrupts Hu's speech at the arrival ceremony before being removed by the Secret Service. The announcer violates protocol by accidentally calling the March of the Volunteers the "National Anthem of the Republic of China". ](/news/2006/04/20/u-s-president-george-w-bush-welcomes-the-chinese-president-hu-jintao-at-the-white-house-a-falun-gong-protesteraan-accredited-journalis.md) _Context: George W. Bush, White House_
5. [ U.S. President George W. Bush in an early morning interview with ABC's Diane Sawyer at the White House said: "I fully understand people wanting things to have happened yesterday" ](/news/2005/09/1/u-s-president-george-w-bush-in-an-early-morning-interview-with-abc-s-diane-sawyer-at-the-white-house-said-i-fully-understand-people-wan.md) _Context: George W. Bush, White House_
6. [ The White House releases a February 7, 2002, memo in which President George W. Bush ordered humane treatment of captured Taliban and al Qaeda fighters despite a Justice Department legal opinion that the Geneva Convention does not apply. Twenty-one other memos requested by Senate Democrats have not yet been released; no released memos address Iraq or Abu-Ghraib Prison. [http://msnbc.msn.com/ID/5259200/ (MSNBC)] [http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/A61651-2004Jun22.html (Memo)] Gordon B. Hinckley, 15th president of the LDS church, awarded presidential medal of Freedom from George W. Bush. The U.S. administration releases a U.S. Justice Department memo asserting that the legal opinion that the president had "the legal authority to order prisoners to be tortured". The memo indicates that Donald Rumsfeld denied approval to strongly coercive physical measures, but approved what has been described as "mild, noninjurious physical contact", and use of "detainee's individuals phobias (such as fear of dogs)". [http://www.voanews.com/article.cfm?objectID=287A07AA-33E4-42B5-A908D73E080FF8A3 (VOA)] [http://www.news24.com/News24/World/News/0,,2-10-1462_1546723,00.html (News24)] The U.S. administration asserts that it refused to permit the use of torture, even if to do so would be legally permissible.](/news/2004/06/23/the-white-house-releases-a-february-7-2002-memo-in-which-president-george-w-bush-ordered-humane-treatment-of-captured-taliban-and-al-qae.md) _Context: George W. Bush, White House_
7. [ US National Security Advisor Condoleezza Rice testifies before the September 11 Commission. Rice states President George W. Bush understood threat from al-Qaeda before September 11. She asserts "the terrorists were at war with us, but we were not yet at war with them." She also says that President George W. Bush came into office in 2001 determined to develop a "more robust" policy to combat Al-Qaida. The commission asks the White House to declassify a key August 2001 document entitled ""Bin Ladin Determined to Strike in US"". ](/news/2004/04/8/us-national-security-advisor-condoleezza-rice-testifies-before-the-september-11-commission-rice-states-president-george-w-bush-understood.md) _Context: George W. Bush, White House_
8. [ April 13, 2004 Press Conference of the President is held at 8:30 pm EST by George W. Bush in The East Room of the White House.](/news/2004/04/13/april-13-2004-press-conference-of-the-president-is-held-at-8-30-pm-est-by-george-w-bush-in-the-east-room-of-the-white-house.md) _Context: George W. Bush, White House_
9. [ U.S. President George W. Bush announces the formation of the Iraq Intelligence Commission, an independent, bipartisan inquiry presidential commission to probe into prewar intelligence regarding weapons of mass destruction leading up to the decision to invade Iraq. Former Iraq Survey Group chief David Kay, who searched for weapons in Iraq, meets with Bush at the White House and maintains that Bush was right to go to war in Iraq and characterizes the Saddam Hussein regime as "far more dangerous than even we anticipated" when it was thought he had WMDs ready to deploy. (See rationale for the Iraq War and Senate Report on Pre-war Intelligence on Iraq)](/news/2004/02/2/u-s-president-george-w-bush-announces-the-formation-of-the-iraq-intelligence-commission-an-independent-bipartisan-inquiry-presidential.md) _Context: George W. Bush, White House_
10. [ The White House rebuts Democrats' accusations that Bush shirked his military responsibilities, releasing pay records for the President's National Guard service between May 1972 and May 1973.](/news/2004/02/10/the-white-house-rebuts-democrats-accusations-that-bush-shirked-his-military-responsibilities-releasing-pay-records-for-the-president-s-na.md) _Context: George W. Bush, White House_
