### [2006-06-20](/news/2006/06/20/index.md)

#  "The Washington Post", under the Freedom of Information Act, obtains the transcript of an investigative interview with Donald Rumsfeld. The U.S. Secretary of Defense cited poor memory, loose office procedures, and preoccupation with "the wars" as the reasons he did not know how his department nearly squandered $30 billion leasing several hundred tanker aircraft from Boeing. 




### Source:

1. [     (The RawStory](http://www.rawstory.com/showarticle.php?src=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.washingtonpost.com%2Fwp-dyn%2Fcontent%2Farticle%2F2006%2F06%2F19%2FAR2006061901090_pf.html)
2. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2006/06/19/AR2006061901090.html)

### Related:

1. [ Conflict in Iraq: At least 20 people are killed in Baghdad as United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld tours the country for a day. ](/news/2005/02/11/conflict-in-iraq-at-least-20-people-are-killed-in-baghdad-as-united-states-secretary-of-defense-donald-rumsfeld-tours-the-country-for-a-da.md) _Context: Donald Rumsfeld, Secretary of Defense_
2. [Russian Ambassador to the United States Sergey Kislyak, who was cited in "Washington Post" reports yesterday that American intelligence overheard him telling Moscow about his election-related discussions with a Trump campaign official, ends his nine-year assignment and leaves the United States. In May 2017, Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Anatoly Antonov was approved as the next ambassador. ](/news/2017/07/22/russian-ambassador-to-the-united-states-sergey-kislyak-who-was-cited-in-washington-post-reports-yesterday-that-american-intelligence-over.md) _Context: Washington Post_
3. [Citing court rulings and privacy laws, the United States Department of Agriculture stops making its records of animal abuse available to the public online, which makes them available exclusively through Freedom of Information Act requests. It has not yet been revealed whether another Agency will now be responsible for the keeping and public hosting of such records. ](/news/2017/02/3/citing-court-rulings-and-privacy-laws-the-united-states-department-of-agriculture-stops-making-its-records-of-animal-abuse-available-to-the.md) _Context: Freedom of Information Act_
4. [Citing unnamed U.S. officials, "The Washington Post" reports that U.S. President Donald Trump berated Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull. Trump claimed it was "the worst call by far" and criticized a refugee settlement deal organised between the Turnbull Government and the Obama administration in late 2016. ](/news/2017/02/2/citing-unnamed-u-s-officials-the-washington-post-reports-that-u-s-president-donald-trump-berated-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turn.md) _Context: Washington Post_
5. [Iran Air finalises a deal with U.S. aircraft manufacturer Boeing to purchase 80 jetliners for $16.6 billion. ](/news/2016/12/11/iran-air-finalises-a-deal-with-u-s-aircraft-manufacturer-boeing-to-purchase-80-jetliners-for-16-6-billion.md) _Context: Boeing_
6. [Boeing's CFO Greg Smith announces that Boeing won't raise production of its 787 Dreamliner to fourteen per month as previously expected, but will keep it at 12 while continuing to monitor demand. ](/news/2016/08/10/boeing-s-cfo-greg-smith-announces-that-boeing-won-t-raise-production-of-its-787-dreamliner-to-fourteen-per-month-as-previously-expected-but.md) _Context: Boeing_
7. [Federal District Judge Gonzalo Curiel unseals documents requested by "The Washington Post" that had been filed with the court in connection with pending civil cases against Trump University, a former business of the Republican Party's presumptive presidential nominee Donald Trump. The judge noted that Trump's candidacy has increased interest in these cases, and that Trump's comments "... (have) placed the integrity of these court proceedings at issue." ](/news/2016/05/28/federal-district-judge-gonzalo-curiel-unseals-documents-requested-by-the-washington-post-that-had-been-filed-with-the-court-in-connection.md) _Context: Washington Post_
8. [U.S. airplane manufacturer Boeing unveils the first Boeing 737 MAX airplane at its factory in Renton, Washington. ](/news/2015/12/8/u-s-airplane-manufacturer-boeing-unveils-the-first-boeing-737-max-airplane-at-its-factory-in-renton-washington.md) _Context: Boeing_
9. [The United States says that last month's airstrikes in Kunduz hit three locations, mistakenly including the Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) (MSF) hospital where at least 30 were killed. Afghan commanders, whose forces were actively engaged with the Taliban, requested the attacks. "The Washington Post" reports a warehouse and a mansion in two densely populated residential areas were "pulverized" without loss of civilian lives. According to residents, earlier their neighborhoods had been conflict zones, but no militants were there the time of the attacks. "Together, the three attacks raise questions about the quality and reliability of the intelligence that Afghan security forces are providing to their American partners, as well as U.S. decisions to act on that intelligence," writes the Post. ](/news/2015/11/4/the-united-states-says-that-last-month-s-airstrikes-in-kunduz-hit-three-locations-mistakenly-including-the-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doct.md) _Context: Washington Post_
10. [China's government-owned Comac launches the Comac C919 as part of its efforts to challenge Boeing and Airbus. ](/news/2015/11/2/china-s-government-owned-comac-launches-the-comac-c919-as-part-of-its-efforts-to-challenge-boeing-and-airbus.md) _Context: Boeing_
