### [2010-04-19](/news/2010/04/19/index.md)

# Hamas executions by firing squad of Palestinians accused of aiding Israel is condemned as murder by France, and the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights, Navi Pillay, urges Hamas to halt plans for further killings. 

The executions, carried out by a firing squad at dawn, were the first since the Islamic group Hamas seized control of Gaza after routing forces loyal Mahmoud Abbas in 2007.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/8629158.stm)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/8630436.stm)
3. [CTV](http://www.ctv.ca/servlet/ArticleNews/story/CTVNews/20100419/israel_monday_100419/20100419?hub=World)
4. [Ha'aretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/1164002.html)
5. [The National](http://www.thenational.ae/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/20100419/FOREIGN/704189818/1002)
6. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2010/04/16/world/middleeast/16gaza.html)
7. [The News International](http://thenews.jang.com.pk/updates.asp?id=103173)

### Related:

1. [United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay condemns both Israel's military actions in the Gaza Strip and Hamas for "indiscriminate attacks" on Israel, and warns that war crimes may have been committed. ](/news/2014/07/23/united-nations-high-commissioner-for-human-rights-navi-pillay-condemns-both-israel-s-military-actions-in-the-gaza-strip-and-hamas-for-indis.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Navi Pillay, OCHR_
2. [Thousands of Palestinians cross the Rafah Border Crossing into the Gaza Strip following its opening by Egypt, but Egypt prevents hundreds of activists from entering and Hamas continues to refuse Red Cross visits for captured Israeli soldier, Gilad Shalit. ](/news/2010/06/12/thousands-of-palestinians-cross-the-rafah-border-crossing-into-the-gaza-strip-following-its-opening-by-egypt-but-egypt-prevents-hundreds-of.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Palestinian_
3. [ Israel agrees with Hamas to swap twenty female Palestinian prisoners for a videotape proving Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit is still alive. ](/news/2009/10/2/israel-agrees-with-hamas-to-swap-twenty-female-palestinian-prisoners-for-a-videotape-proving-israeli-soldier-gilad-shalit-is-still-alive.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Palestinian_
4. [The Israel Defense Forces continue airstrikes against Hamas in the Gaza Strip as the number of Palestinian casualties approaches 300. ](/news/2008/12/28/the-israel-defense-forces-continue-airstrikes-against-hamas-in-the-gaza-strip-as-the-number-of-palestinian-casualties-approaches-300.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Palestinian_
5. [ The Hamas-led Palestinian government has reportedly agreed to implicitly recognise Israel, paving the way to reopening peace talks with it. Other Hamas officials later deny these reports. ](/news/2006/06/27/the-hamas-led-palestinian-government-has-reportedly-agreed-to-implicitly-recognise-israel-paving-the-way-to-reopening-peace-talks-with-it.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Palestinian_
6. [ Israel has stated that they will ensure that the Hamas-controlled Palestinian government is "toppled" if their captured soldier, Gilad Shalit, is killed. Three Palestinian groups claiming to hold Shalit refuse to provide information about his health via the Palestine Red Crescent, unless all jailed Palestinian women and teenagers are released from Israeli prisons. Three Qassam rockets are launched from the Gaza Strip against Israeli towns, one of them wounding 4 civilians in Sderot and causing a power outage throughout the city. ](/news/2006/06/26/israel-has-stated-that-they-will-ensure-that-the-hamas-controlled-palestinian-government-is-toppled-if-their-captured-soldier-gilad-shal.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Palestinian_
7. [ Eight Palestinian militants, including Hamas militants, infiltrate into an army post in Israel using a tunnel. Two Israeli soldiers are killed, one kidnapped and three wounded in the attack, in which at least two Palestinian militants die. Israeli PM vows a fierce military response to the attack once the soldier, Gilad Shalit, is returned. Two infantry brigades and supporting armoured regiments are deployed along the Gaza Strip border, in preparation for a major offensive.](/news/2006/06/25/eight-palestinian-militants-including-hamas-militants-infiltrate-into-an-army-post-in-israel-using-a-tunnel-two-israeli-soldiers-are-kil.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Palestinian_
8. [ Israeli investigation brings evidence that a buried explosive device caused the Gaza beach blast in which seven Palestenian civilians were killed, rather than an artillery shelling as stated by the Hamas-led Palestenian government. A former Pentagon official paid by the Human Rights Watch organization asserts than an Israeli shelling caused the tragedy. United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan retracts earlier skeptic remarks he made on Israel's position on the incident. Sddeutsche Zeitung reports numerous flaws in the Palestenian footage from the beach, including a dead man later walking around. ](/news/2006/06/13/israeli-investigation-brings-evidence-that-a-buried-explosive-device-caused-the-gaza-beach-blast-in-which-seven-palestenian-civilians-were.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Palestinian_
9. [ Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad criticizes Israel in a three-day conference attended by Palestinian Hamas officials. He calls the Israeli regime "a rotten, dried tree that will be eliminated by one storm." ](/news/2006/04/14/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-criticizes-israel-in-a-three-day-conference-attended-by-palestinian-hamas-officials-he-calls-the-isr.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Palestinian_
10. [ The Israeli Defense Force launches Operation First Rain, a series of air strikes on Palestinian targets in the Gaza Strip, including an alleged Hamas weapons factory and a children's school. According to Israel the operation's goal is to stop shelling of southern Israeli towns and villages by Palestinian militants, though several civilians have been injured, including an infant. At least 200 Palestinians have been arrested in overnight IDF raids in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/25/the-israeli-defense-force-launches-operation-first-rain-a-series-of-air-strikes-on-palestinian-targets-in-the-gaza-strip-including-an-all.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Palestinian_
