### [2010-04-19](/news/2010/04/19/index.md)

# Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. Hamas executions by firing squad of Palestinians accused of aiding Israel is condemned as murder by France, and the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights, Navi Pillay, urges Hamas to halt plans for further killings. 

The executions, carried out by a firing squad at dawn, were the first since the Islamic group Hamas seized control of Gaza after routing forces loyal Mahmoud Abbas in 2007.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/8629158.stm)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/8630436.stm)
3. [CTV](http://www.ctv.ca/servlet/ArticleNews/story/CTVNews/20100419/israel_monday_100419/20100419?hub=World)
4. [Ha'aretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/1164002.html)
5. [The National](http://www.thenational.ae/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/20100419/FOREIGN/704189818/1002)
6. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2010/04/16/world/middleeast/16gaza.html)
7. [The News International](http://thenews.jang.com.pk/updates.asp?id=103173)

### Related:

1. [Operation Protective Edge:. United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay condemns both Israel's military actions in the Gaza Strip and Hamas for "indiscriminate attacks" on Israel, and warns that war crimes may have been committed. ](/news/2014/07/23/operation-protective-edge-united-nations-high-commissioner-for-human-rights-navi-pillay-condemns-both-israel-s-military-actions-in-the-gaz.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Navi Pillay, OCHR_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israe.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation- with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaz.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Israel destroys the homes of three Palestinian terrorists. Rassen and Udai abu-Jamal who committed the 2014 Jerusalem synagogue attack and Moatez Hijazi who committed the excavator rampage in Jerusalem during the 2014 Israel-Gaza conflict. ](/news/2015/10/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-destroys-the-homes-of-three-palestinian-terrorists-rassen-and-udai-abu-jamal-who-committed-the-2014.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence. ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapse.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Palestinian militants fire 3 rockets into Israel during the night after several violent riots throughout Israel and the West Bank. ](/news/2015/10/10/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-militants-fire-3-rockets-into-israel-during-the-night-after-several-violent-riots-throughout-isr.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Israel deploys an extra 800 Israeli police officers as Palestinians call for a "day of rage" protests in Jerusalem over entry restrictions to Al-Aqsa mosque. A police vehicle in Jerusalem was attacked with assault rifle fire. ](/news/2015/09/18/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-deploys-an-extra-800-israeli-police-officers-as-palestinians-call-for-a-day-of-rage-protests-in-jer.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Israel launches an airstrike against an alleged Hamas base near Khan Yunis in retaliation for a rocket attack. ](/news/2014/12/20/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-launches-an-airstrike-against-an-alleged-hamas-base-near-khan-yunis-in-retaliation-for-a-rocket-attac.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. The bodies of three kidnapped Israeli teenagers, including one with dual American citizenship, are found partially buried near Hebron on the West Bank. Shin Bet determined they were murdered shortly after being kidnapped, and is searching for two Hamas kidnappers and accomplices.](/news/2014/06/30/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-bodies-of-three-kidnapped-israeli-teenagers-including-one-with-dual-american-citizenship-are-found-par.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. Israeli warplanes strike targets in the Gaza Strip in response to rocket fire, the first air strikes launched by Israel since an informal ceasefire ended eight days of cross-border fighting between Israel and Hamas-ruled Gaza in November 2012. ](/news/2013/04/3/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-warplanes-strike-targets-in-the-gaza-strip-in-response-to-rocket-fire-the-first-air-strikes-launch.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
