### [2017-03-27](/news/2017/03/27/index.md)

# Official results of yesterday's election are released today. An exit poll showed the centre-right GERB winning the most votes. 

SOFIA, Bulgaria (AP) — The Latest on Bulgaria&#x27;s election Sunday: (all times local):


### Source:

1. [Yahoo! News](https://www.yahoo.com/news/latest-socialist-leader-bulgaria-votes-change-123120722.html)

### Related:

1. [Bulgarians vote to elect a new Prime Minister after the resignation of Boyko Borissov. Opinion polls predict a close contest between Borissov's centre-right GERB and the Socialist Party. ](/news/2017/03/26/bulgarians-vote-to-elect-a-new-prime-minister-after-the-resignation-of-boyko-borissov-opinion-polls-predict-a-close-contest-between-borisso.md) _Context: Bulgarian parliamentary election, 2017, GERB_
2. [Voters in France return to the polls after last month's presidential election for the first round of a legislative election, to begin choosing the 577 members of France's lower house. Opinion polls and exit polls predict that En Marche!, formed by newly elected President Emmanuel Macron, will pick up a majority of seats. ](/news/2017/06/11/voters-in-france-return-to-the-polls-after-last-month-s-presidential-election-for-the-first-round-of-a-legislative-election-to-begin-choosi.md) _Context: exit poll_
3. [Voters in the Netherlands go to the polls for a general election. Exit polls suggest that incumbent Prime Minister Mark Rutte's People's Party for Freedom and Democracy will win the most seats in the election. ](/news/2017/03/15/voters-in-the-netherlands-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-exit-polls-suggest-that-incumbent-prime-minister-mark-rutte-s-people-s-par.md) _Context: exit poll_
4. [Italians go to the polls to for a referendum on whether to approve a constitutional law that amends the Constitution of Italy to reform the powers of the Italian Parliament. Prime Minister Matteo Renzi, who introduced the referendum bill, resigns after exit polls show that the no case is likely to be successful. ](/news/2016/12/4/italians-go-to-the-polls-to-for-a-referendum-on-whether-to-approve-a-constitutional-law-that-amends-the-constitution-of-italy-to-reform-the.md) _Context: exit poll_
5. [Bulgarians head to the polls in a presidential runoff between BSP backed Rumen Radev, of the socialist opposition, and Tsetska Tsacheva, Chairwoman of the National Assembly, from incumbent prime-minister Boyko Borisov's conservative GERB. Exit polls by Alpha Research and Gallup International show Radev with about 58 percent of the vote with Tsacheva getting around 35 percent. ](/news/2016/11/13/bulgarians-head-to-the-polls-in-a-presidential-runoff-between-bsp-backed-rumen-radev-of-the-socialist-opposition-and-tsetska-tsacheva-cha.md) _Context: GERB_
6. [Russian voters head to the polls to elect all 450 MPs to the 7th State Duma of the Russian Federation. Exit polls show the governing United Russia party with a comfortable lead. ](/news/2016/09/18/russian-voters-head-to-the-polls-to-elect-all-450-mps-to-the-7th-state-duma-of-the-russian-federation-exit-polls-show-the-governing-united.md) _Context: exit poll_
7. [Voters in the Italian capital of Rome go to the polls for a runoff election to select a new Mayor of Rome with exit polls showing Virginia Raggi of the Five Star Movement will become the first female Mayor. ](/news/2016/06/19/voters-in-the-italian-capital-of-rome-go-to-the-polls-for-a-runoff-election-to-select-a-new-mayor-of-rome-with-exit-polls-showing-virginia-r.md) _Context: exit poll_
8. [Voters in Mexico go to the polls for a legislative election with reports of violence in southern states and widespread voter disillusionment. Exit polls show the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party of President Enrique Pena Nieto in a position to retain power. ](/news/2015/06/7/voters-in-mexico-go-to-the-polls-for-a-legislative-election-with-reports-of-violence-in-southern-states-and-widespread-voter-disillusionment.md) _Context: exit poll_
9. [Voters in France go to the polls for the first round of voting in local government elections. Exit polls show the conservative UMP in first place, Marine Le Pen's National Front in second, with President Francois Hollande's French Socialist Party in third. ](/news/2015/03/22/voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-round-of-voting-in-local-government-elections-exit-polls-show-the-conservative-ump-in-first.md) _Context: exit poll_
10. [Bulgarians vote in a snap election, following the resignation of a Socialist-led government in July; the number of parties in the National Assembly grows from four to eight, and the centre-right GERB becomes the biggest party but falls short of an overall majority. Voter turnout is just about 50%, lower than at any time since the establishment of democratic rule in 1989. ](/news/2014/10/5/bulgarians-vote-in-a-snap-election-following-the-resignation-of-a-socialist-led-government-in-july-the-number-of-parties-in-the-national-a.md) _Context: GERB_
