### [2013-05-22](/news/2013/05/22/index.md)

# A decorated combat veteran of the Iraq War and United States Military Academy (West Point) U.S. Army staff member, Sgt. 1st Class Michael McClendon, is relieved of his duties for allegedly planting cameras to spy on female cadets. 




### Source:

1. [NBC](http://usnews.nbcnews.com/_news/2013/05/22/18426996-west-point-staff-member-accused-of-spying-on-female-cadets?lite)

### Related:

1. [Political appointments of Donald Trump: West Point graduate, billionaire businessman, and philanthropist Vincent Viola withdraws his name from consideration as Secretary of the Army because of Defense Department rules concerning his family businesses. ](/news/2017/02/3/political-appointments-of-donald-trump-west-point-graduate-billionaire-businessman-and-philanthropist-vincent-viola-withdraws-his-name-fr.md) _Context: West Point_
2. [Iraq Inquiry: A report about the United Kingdom's involvement in the Iraq War is released. The chairman of the inquiry, Sir John Chilcot, said that the invasion was not a "last resort" and was based on "flawed intelligence and assessments". The inquiry was announced on 15 June 2009 by then-Prime Minister Gordon Brown. The final hearing was held on 2 February 2011. ](/news/2016/07/6/iraq-inquiry-a-report-about-the-united-kingdom-s-involvement-in-the-iraq-war-is-released-the-chairman-of-the-inquiry-sir-john-chilcot-sa.md) _Context: Iraq War_
3. [U.S. Military Academy officials confirm that during West Point's annual pillow fight on August 20, 2015, some cadets swung pillowcases packed with hard objects leaving 30 cadets injured, including 24 with concussions. ](/news/2015/09/4/u-s-military-academy-officials-confirm-that-during-west-point-s-annual-pillow-fight-on-august-20-2015-some-cadets-swung-pillowcases-packe.md) _Context: West Point_
4. [Oshkosh L-ATV: The U.S. Army awards the $6.7 billion contract for the Joint Light Tactical Vehicle, the replacement for the Humvee, to the Wisconsin-based company Oshkosh Corporation. ](/news/2015/08/26/oshkosh-l-atv-the-u-s-army-awards-the-6-7-billion-contract-for-the-joint-light-tactical-vehicle-the-replacement-for-the-humvee-to-the-w.md) _Context: U.S. Army_
5. [A U.S. Army Sikorsky UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter crashes while landing on a U.S. Navy cargo vessel near the Japanese island of Okinawa, with seven people injured. ](/news/2015/08/12/a-u-s-army-sikorsky-uh-60-black-hawk-helicopter-crashes-while-landing-on-a-u-s-navy-cargo-vessel-near-the-japanese-island-of-okinawa-with.md) _Context: U.S. Army_
6. [War on Terror: An independent report reveals that the American Psychological Association was complicit in the participation of its members with the use of torture during the Iraq and Afghan wars, such as in Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo Bay. Many experts suspected that the bizarre torture and humiliation were not "a few bad apples" but meticulously planned techniques. ](/news/2015/07/12/war-on-terror-an-independent-report-reveals-that-the-american-psychological-association-was-complicit-in-the-participation-of-its-members-w.md) _Context: Iraq War_
7. [Beau Biden, U.S. Vice President Joseph Biden's son, who had served in the Iraq War and for multiple terms as the Attorney General of Delaware, dies at Walter Reed Medical Center after a battle with malignant brain cancer. ](/news/2015/05/30/beau-biden-u-s-vice-president-joseph-biden-s-son-who-had-served-in-the-iraq-war-and-for-multiple-terms-as-the-attorney-general-of-delawar.md) _Context: Iraq War_
8. [The U.S. Army, working with the U.S. Navy and NASA, through its Joint Multi-Role Technology Demonstrator transport helicopter re-design program, in the latest issue of Army Technology Magazine, takes note of some new designs Sikorsky-Boeing (the Sikorsky Defiant, which like the existing Sikorsky X2 and Sikorsky S-97 Raider, features a faster pusher propeller) and Bell Helicopter (the V-280 Valor, which resembles a slimmed-down version of the tilt-rotor V-22 Osprey, and comes in three versions: a troop- and equipment-carrying utility style, a medevac, and an attack chopper) have come up with since they were selected by the Pentagon in August 2014. ](/news/2015/03/8/the-u-s-army-working-with-the-u-s-navy-and-nasa-through-its-joint-multi-role-technology-demonstrator-transport-helicopter-re-design-prog.md) _Context: U.S. Army_
9. [Post-Iraq War:: The International Criminal Court will conduct a preliminary examination in the claims that United Kingdom forces abused Iraqi detainees between 2003 and 2008. ](/news/2014/05/13/post-iraq-war-the-international-criminal-court-will-conduct-a-preliminary-examination-in-the-claims-that-united-kingdom-forces-abused-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq War_
10. [Post-Iraq War: TMZ reveals photos of United States Marines burning bodies of Iraqis prompting an investigation from the Department of Defense. ](/news/2014/01/16/post-iraq-war-tmz-reveals-photos-of-united-states-marines-burning-bodies-of-iraqis-prompting-an-investigation-from-the-department-of-defens.md) _Context: Iraq War_
