### [2013-05-22](/news/2013/05/22/index.md)

# Eric Holder, the Attorney-General of the United States, confirms that four US citizens have been killed in drone aircraft attacks since 2011 including radical cleric Anwar al-Awlaki killed in 2011. 

Only one of those Americans, Anwar al-Awlaki, was targeted for his involvement in various terror plots


### Source:

1. [CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-201_162-57585776/attorney-general-holder-drones-killed-4-americans-since-2009/)

### Related:

1. [Eric Holder announces his resignation as Attorney General of the United States, effective from when the Senate confirms a successor. [http://www.npr.org/blogs/thetwo-way/2014/09/25/351363171/eric-holder-to-step-down-as-attorney-general (NPR)].](/news/2014/09/25/eric-holder-announces-his-resignation-as-attorney-general-of-the-united-states-effective-from-when-the-senate-confirms-a-successor-http.md) _Context: Attorney General, Eric Holder_
2. [In the United States, Senator Rand Paul ends a 13-hour filibuster to block voting on the nomination of John O. Brennan as the Director of the CIA, questioning President Barack Obama and his administration's use of drones, and the stated legal justification for hypothetical lethal use within the United States targeting against noncombatants. Attorney General Eric Holder states that combat drones would not be used to target and kill, without due process, Americans not engaged in combat on American soil. ](/news/2013/03/7/in-the-united-states-senator-rand-paul-ends-a-13-hour-filibuster-to-block-voting-on-the-nomination-of-john-o-brennan-as-the-director-of-th.md) _Context: Attorney General, Eric Holder_
3. [Law enforcement officials believed Abdul Razak Ali Artan, the perpetrator of a car ramming and stabbing attack at Ohio State University (OSU)'s Watts Hall, was inspired by terrorist propaganda from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, and radical Muslim cleric Anwar al-Awlaki. ](/news/2016/11/29/law-enforcement-officials-believed-abdul-razak-ali-artan-the-perpetrator-of-a-car-ramming-and-stabbing-attack-at-ohio-state-university-osu.md) _Context: Anwar al-Awlaki_
4. [Officials serving on President-elect Donald Trump's transition team reveal selections for high-level positions, including Senator Jeff Sessions for Attorney General, Mike Pompeo for Director of the CIA and Michael T. Flynn for National Security Advisor. ](/news/2016/11/18/officials-serving-on-president-elect-donald-trump-s-transition-team-reveal-selections-for-high-level-positions-including-senator-jeff-sessi.md) _Context: Attorney General_
5. [Loretta Lynch, the Attorney General of the United States, closes the investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a personal email system to conduct official business without charges being laid. ](/news/2016/07/6/loretta-lynch-the-attorney-general-of-the-united-states-closes-the-investigation-into-hillary-clinton-s-use-of-a-personal-email-system-to.md) _Context: Attorney General_
6. [Loretta Lynch, the Attorney General of the United States, advises that the US government will seek the death penalty against Dylann Roof accused of conducting the 2015 Charleston massacre. ](/news/2016/05/24/loretta-lynch-the-attorney-general-of-the-united-states-advises-that-the-us-government-will-seek-the-death-penalty-against-dylann-roof-acc.md) _Context: Attorney General_
7. [One of the two attackers, Elton Simpson, had linked himself to ISIL on Twitter before his attack on the exhibition of drawings of the prophet Mohammed at the Curtis Culwell Center in Garland, Texas. He had been a member of a since-closed Phoenix mosque; he and his partner, 34-year-old Nadir Hamid Soofi, who had gone to college in Utah, had been known to and were investigated by law enforcement, but nevertheless, officers did not know that they were planning an imminent attack of this type, and they were not thought to be an imminent threat, despite having admired the late Anwar al-Awlaki, and swearing loyalty to Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, prominent figures in al-Qaeda in Iraq and in ISIL, respectively. ](/news/2015/05/4/one-of-the-two-attackers-elton-simpson-had-linked-himself-to-isil-on-twitter-before-his-attack-on-the-exhibition-of-drawings-of-the-prophe.md) _Context: Anwar al-Awlaki_
8. [The United States Senate confirms Loretta Lynch as the Attorney General of the United States. Lynch will be the first African-American woman to hold the position. ](/news/2015/04/23/the-united-states-senate-confirms-loretta-lynch-as-the-attorney-general-of-the-united-states-lynch-will-be-the-first-african-american-woman.md) _Context: Attorney General_
9. [The Federal government recognizes same-sex marriage in the United States in all legal matters as Eric Holder compares it to the Civil Rights Movement. ](/news/2014/02/9/the-federal-government-recognizes-same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-in-all-legal-matters-as-eric-holder-compares-it-to-the-civil-rights.md) _Context: Eric Holder_
10. [U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder announces that federal prosecutors will seek the death penalty against Boston Marathon bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev. ](/news/2014/01/30/u-s-attorney-general-eric-holder-announces-that-federal-prosecutors-will-seek-the-death-penalty-against-boston-marathon-bombing-suspect-dzh.md) _Context: Eric Holder_
