### [2013-05-22](/news/2013/05/22/index.md)

# One fourth-grade child is fatally injured, one is missing, and two others (from a St. Louis Park, Minnesota elementary school) were rescued by firefighters, after a gravel slide at St. Paul, Minnesota's Lilydale Regional Park, near the Mississippi River. The rescue effort was suspended for the night, after conditions got worse. 




### Source:

1. [NBC](http://usnews.nbcnews.com/_news/2013/05/23/18441754-one-child-missing-one-killed-in-minnesota-field-trip-landslide?lite)

### Related:

1. [Record flooding along the Mississippi River and its tributaries that has closed major highways, forced evacuations, and overflowed levees, continues to threaten the Midwestern United States where at least 24 have died. The Mississippi  is expected to crest in the next few days in Thebes, Illinois, at 47.5 feet, breaking the 1995 record by more than a foot and a half (46 cm). And now periods of below-freezing air will cause some flooded areas to turn icy. ](/news/2015/12/31/record-flooding-along-the-mississippi-river-and-its-tributaries-that-has-closed-major-highways-forced-evacuations-and-overflowed-levees-c.md) _Context: Mississippi River_
2. [Missouri Governor Jay Nixon warns residents that the state faces historic flooding that likely will rival  Great Flood of 1993 levels. Swollen rivers are still rising and won't crest for days.  The Mississippi River is expected to reach nearly 15 feet above flood stage on Thursday.  Nixon  pleaded with drivers to stay off inundated roadways. Twelve of the 13 people killed from these recent storms died after their vehicles were swept from flooded roadways. ](/news/2015/12/29/missouri-governor-jay-nixon-warns-residents-that-the-state-faces-historic-flooding-that-likely-will-rival-great-flood-of-1993-levels-swoll.md) _Context: Mississippi River_
3. [River flooding continues in six states in the midwestern United States with several towns north of St. Louis, Missouri, expecting the Mississippi River to reach a crest. ](/news/2013/04/21/river-flooding-continues-in-six-states-in-the-midwestern-united-states-with-several-towns-north-of-st-louis-missouri-expecting-the-missis.md) _Context: Mississippi River_
4. [A black American political candidate "was dragged and set on fire" during his murder in the U.S. state of Mississippi, say his family. The corpse of Marco McMillian was found bruised and burned near a levee on the Mississippi River. ](/news/2013/03/5/a-black-american-political-candidate-was-dragged-and-set-on-fire-during-his-murder-in-the-u-s-state-of-mississippi-say-his-family-the-c.md) _Context: Mississippi River_
5. [The United States Coast Guard closes a section of the Mississippi River near Caruthersville, Missouri due to heavy flooding. ](/news/2011/05/6/the-united-states-coast-guard-closes-a-section-of-the-mississippi-river-near-caruthersville-missouri-due-to-heavy-flooding.md) _Context: Mississippi River_
6. [Rising flood waters from the Mississippi River force evacuations around Memphis, Tennessee, as near-record flooding along the river occurs from Canada and the Dakotas down to the Gulf of Mexico. ](/news/2011/05/5/rising-flood-waters-from-the-mississippi-river-force-evacuations-around-memphis-tennessee-as-near-record-flooding-along-the-river-occurs-f.md) _Context: Mississippi River_
7. [2011 Midwest floods:Despite the breach of a levee on the Mississippi River to ease flood pressure in southern Illinois, massive flooding continues from Minnesota to Louisiana and hundreds of square miles of mostly farmland in Missouri are under water. ](/news/2011/05/4/2011-midwest-floods-pdespite-the-breach-of-a-levee-on-the-mississippi-river-to-ease-flood-pressure-in-southern-illinois-massive-flooding-co.md) _Context: Mississippi River_
8. [The US Army Corps of Engineers blasts a hole in two levees along the Mississippi River, flooding some 200|sqmi|km2 of Missouri farmland in an effort to save the town of Cairo, Illinois further downriver from record-breaking flood waters. ](/news/2011/05/3/the-us-army-corps-of-engineers-blasts-a-hole-in-two-levees-along-the-mississippi-river-flooding-some-200-sqmi-km2-of-missouri-farmland-in-a.md) _Context: Mississippi River_
9. [Travel on the Mississippi River is closed for five miles near the US city of Baton Rouge, Louisiana due to flooding. ](/news/2011/05/20/travel-on-the-mississippi-river-is-closed-for-five-miles-near-the-us-city-of-baton-rouge-louisiana-due-to-flooding.md) _Context: Mississippi River_
10. [The United States Army Corps of Engineers explodes a large part of a Mississippi River levee to protect the Illinois town of Cairo from floodwaters. ](/news/2011/05/2/the-united-states-army-corps-of-engineers-explodes-a-large-part-of-a-mississippi-river-levee-to-protect-the-illinois-town-of-cairo-from-floo.md) _Context: Mississippi River_
