### [2009-02-12](/news/2009/02/12/index.md)

#  Dutch Member of Parliament and Islam critic Geert Wilders is denied entry into the United Kingdom. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/politics/7885918.stm)

### Related:

1. [Militant Australian Islamic preacher Feiz Mohammad calls for Dutch politician Geert Wilders to be "beheaded" for denigrating Islam. ](/news/2010/09/3/militant-australian-islamic-preacher-feiz-mohammad-calls-for-dutch-politician-geert-wilders-to-be-beheaded-for-denigrating-islam.md) _Context: Geert Wilders, Islam, Netherlands_
2. [ Controversial Dutch politician Geert Wilders arrives in the UK amid protests from the Netherlands, proclaiming "a victory for the freedom of speech". ](/news/2009/10/16/controversial-dutch-politician-geert-wilders-arrives-in-the-uk-amid-protests-from-the-netherlands-proclaiming-a-victory-for-the-freedom-o.md) _Context: Geert Wilders, Netherlands, UK_
3. [Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-berlin-to-discuss-the-consequences-of-the-united-kin.md) _Context: Netherlands, UK_
4. [Geert Wilders, the leader of the Dutch far-right political party Party for Freedom, goes on trial again for making anti-Islam remarks. He is being accused of inciting hatred against the Moroccan-Dutch minority. ](/news/2016/03/18/geert-wilders-the-leader-of-the-dutch-far-right-political-party-party-for-freedom-goes-on-trial-again-for-making-anti-islam-remarks-he-is.md) _Context: Geert Wilders, Netherlands_
5. [The British Parliament debates a petition, signed by more than 560,000 people, calling for the Home Secretary to ban,  because of 'hate speech,' United States Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump  from entering the United Kingdom. Almost all of the 50 MPs (member of parliament), of the 650-member legislative body, present  criticized Trump -- especially his comments on Muslims -- but few supported an entry ban. ](/news/2016/01/18/the-british-parliament-debates-a-petition-signed-by-more-than-560-000-people-calling-for-the-home-secretary-to-ban-because-of-hate-spee.md) _Context: MP, UK_
6. [Myanmar tops the 2015 Charities Aid Foundation's World Giving Index which measures each country's charitable behavior. Individuals indicate whether they have donated money, volunteered, or helped a stranger in the past month. The United States, which tied with Myanmar last year, is second, followed by New Zealand, Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Sri Lanka, Ireland, and Malaysia. ](/news/2015/11/10/myanmar-tops-the-2015-charities-aid-foundation-s-world-giving-index-which-measures-each-country-s-charitable-behavior-individuals-indicate.md) _Context: Netherlands, UK_
7. [Britain is reviewing the powers of the House of Lords after the unelected peers stalled legislation yesterday that would have eliminated some tax allowances for the nation's poor. Senior Conservatives say the upper chamber of Parliament stepped out of their usual roles as technical overseers of legislation. However,  Conservative MP David Davis warned that such a move was "bully politics" that would "disgust" the public. ](/news/2015/10/27/britain-is-reviewing-the-powers-of-the-house-of-lords-after-the-unelected-peers-stalled-legislation-yesterday-that-would-have-eliminated-som.md) _Context: MP, UK_
8. [The UK House of Commons passes an "English votes for English laws" bill by 312 to 270 votes giving English MPs a greater say over legislation that only applies to England. The bill has been fiercely opposed by the opposition Labour Party and the Scottish National Party. ](/news/2015/10/22/the-uk-house-of-commons-passes-an-english-votes-for-english-laws-bill-by-312-to-270-votes-giving-english-mps-a-greater-say-over-legislatio.md) _Context: MP, UK_
9. [Authorities in the Netherlands ban the sale of poultry and eggs following the discovery of the bird flu virus at a chicken farm. Authorities in the United Kingdom have also confirmed that the virus has been discovered at a Yorkshire duck farm with the birds being culled. ](/news/2014/11/16/authorities-in-the-netherlands-ban-the-sale-of-poultry-and-eggs-following-the-discovery-of-the-bird-flu-virus-at-a-chicken-farm-authorities.md) _Context: Netherlands, UK_
10. [Fourteen Caribbean nations file a lawsuit against the United Kingdom, France, and the Netherlands for damages caused during the Atlantic slave trade. ](/news/2014/03/11/fourteen-caribbean-nations-file-a-lawsuit-against-the-united-kingdom-france-and-the-netherlands-for-damages-caused-during-the-atlantic-sla.md) _Context: Netherlands, UK_
