### [2009-02-12](/news/2009/02/12/index.md)

#  Ford's Theatre in Washington, D.C. reopens for the bicentennial of assassinated U.S. President Abraham Lincoln's birth. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/7884959.stm)

### Related:

1. [Middle East:President of the United States Barack Obama meets President of the Palestinian National Authority Mahmoud Abbas at the White House in Washington, D.C., United States and promises Palestinians $400 million in US assistance for the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2010/06/9/middle-east-ppresident-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-meets-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-mahmoud-abbas-at-the-white-ho.md) _Context: United States, Washington, D.C., president_
2. [Tens of thousands of people gather on the National Mall in Washington, D.C., United States to support President Barack Obama in his bid to overhaul the country's immigration laws. ](/news/2010/03/21/tens-of-thousands-of-people-gather-on-the-national-mall-in-washington-d-c-united-states-to-support-president-barack-obama-in-his-bid-to-o.md) _Context: United States, Washington, D.C., president_
3. [President of the United States Barack Obama meets Taoiseach Brian Cowen at the White House in Washington, D.C., United States. ](/news/2010/03/17/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-meets-taoiseach-brian-cowen-at-the-white-house-in-washington-d-c-united-states.md) _Context: United States, Washington, D.C., president_
4. [British Prime Minister  Theresa May meets with U.S. President Donald Trump at the White House in Washington, D.C.. This is the first visit by a foreign leader since Trump's inauguration last Friday. ](/news/2017/01/27/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-meets-with-u-s-president-donald-trump-at-the-white-house-in-washington-d-c-this-is-the-first-visit-b.md) _Context: Washington, D.C., president_
5. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte tells U.S. President Barack Obama to "go to hell" after the United States refuses to sell some weapons to his country, while also acknowledging the cooperation of Russia and China. ](/news/2016/10/4/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-tells-u-s-president-barack-obama-to-go-to-hell-after-the-united-states-refuses-to-sell-some-weapons.md) _Context: United States, president_
6. [In response to the annual military drills, North Korea threatens to destroy Seoul and Washington, D.C. through nuclear weapons if provoked. Both South Korea and the United States insist the drills are for defense. ](/news/2016/08/23/in-response-to-the-annual-military-drills-north-korea-threatens-to-destroy-seoul-and-washington-d-c-through-nuclear-weapons-if-provoked.md) _Context: United States, Washington, D.C._
7. [ United States President Barack Obama  ends the  American arms embargo with Vietnam during his visit in the country.   ](/news/2016/05/23/united-states-president-barack-obama-ends-the-american-arms-embargo-with-vietnam-during-his-visit-in-the-country.md) _Context: United States, president_
8. [In the United States, 14 of 175 cars of a CSX freight train derail in northeastern Washington, D.C., near a city subway station. There were three leaks; one, sodium hydroxide, is a hazardous material.  All leaks, and a nearby gas line that was ruptured, are contained. Officials are unable to say when cleanup will be completed nor when train service will be restored. There were no injuries reported, and there was no residential evacuation. Amtrak and a Baltimore-Washington commuter rail service also use the line.  ](/news/2016/05/1/in-the-united-states-14-of-175-cars-of-a-csx-freight-train-derail-in-northeastern-washington-d-c-near-a-city-subway-station-there-were.md) _Context: United States, Washington, D.C._
9. [A group of United States mayors forms ''"Mayors Against Discrimination"'' in the wake of  recent discriminatory laws enacted  in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminatory-laws-enacted-in-north-carol.md) _Context: United States, Washington, D.C._
10. [ The Health Information Trust Alliance, a nonprofit industry group, warns that hospitals in the United States must prepare for more ransomware attacks. A review late last year of some 30 mid-sized U.S. hospitals found 52 percent were infected with malicious software. This week, an attack on MedStar Health forced the largest healthcare provider in the Washington, D.C. area, to shut down much of its computer network. ](/news/2016/04/3/the-health-information-trust-alliance-a-nonprofit-industry-group-warns-that-hospitals-in-the-united-states-must-prepare-for-more-ransomwa.md) _Context: United States, Washington, D.C._
