### [2009-02-12](/news/2009/02/12/index.md)

#  Iraq's Parliament demands reparations from Israel for an attack on a nuclear reactor in 1981. 




### Source:

1. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/1063718.html)

### Related:

1. [The Iraqi Parliament votes in favour of a reciprocal travel ban on U.S. citizens if U.S. President Donald Trump's executive order barring citizens of Iraq and six other Muslim-majority countries is not reversed. The Iraqi travel ban will not be implemented while tens of thousands of U.S. soldiers and contractors are involved in the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2017/01/30/the-iraqi-parliament-votes-in-favour-of-a-reciprocal-travel-ban-on-u-s-citizens-if-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-executive-order-barring-ci.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Parliament_
2. [Tens of thousands of people, mostly Shi'ites, take to the streets of Baghdad, Iraq in a protest calling for Parliament to vote on a cabinet reshuffle. The protest was called for by powerful Shi'te Muslim critic Muqtada al-Sadr. The proposed cabinet reshuffle is aimed at fighting corruption in the midst of divisions between lawmakers that have hampered the work of the government. ](/news/2016/04/26/tens-of-thousands-of-people-mostly-shi-ites-take-to-the-streets-of-baghdad-iraq-in-a-protest-calling-for-parliament-to-vote-on-a-cabinet.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Parliament_
3. [Iraq's Parliament cancels its third session in a week to discuss political reforms as some MPs dispute the legitimacy of speaker Salim al-Jabouri to chair the meeting. Also, protesters gathered in the streets of Baghdad to protest the growing political deadlock in the country. ](/news/2016/04/16/iraq-s-parliament-cancels-its-third-session-in-a-week-to-discuss-political-reforms-as-some-mps-dispute-the-legitimacy-of-speaker-salim-al-ja.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Parliament_
4. [The Iraqi Council of Representatives convenes in Baghdad three months after inconclusive elections. ](/news/2010/06/14/the-iraqi-council-of-representatives-convenes-in-baghdad-three-months-after-inconclusive-elections.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Parliament_
5. [ The head of the fourth largest coalition in the Iraqi parliament, Harith al-Obeidi, is assassinated in west Baghdad. ](/news/2009/06/12/the-head-of-the-fourth-largest-coalition-in-the-iraqi-parliament-harith-al-obeidi-is-assassinated-in-west-baghdad.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Parliament_
6. [ Iraq's Council of Representatives lifts the immunity of Mohammed al-Dayni, an MP accused of organizing the 2007 bombing of Parliament. ](/news/2009/02/25/iraq-s-council-of-representatives-lifts-the-immunity-of-mohammed-al-dayni-an-mp-accused-of-organizing-the-2007-bombing-of-parliament.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Parliament_
7. [ Iraqi Parliament Speaker Mahmoud al-Mashhadani announces his resignation because of chaos over the treatment of Muntadhar al-Zaidi, the Al-Baghdadia TV journalist who threw his shoes at United States President George W. Bush. ](/news/2008/12/17/iraqi-parliament-speaker-mahmoud-al-mashhadani-announces-his-resignation-because-of-chaos-over-the-treatment-of-muntadhar-al-zaidi-the-al.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Parliament_
8. [ ''The Daily Telegraph'' reports that Israel is negotiating with the United States for an air corridor over Iraq to carry out an air strike on Iranian nuclear facilities. Israeli Deputy Defense Minister Efraim Sneh calls the information "baseless." ](/news/2007/02/26/the-daily-telegraph-reports-that-israel-is-negotiating-with-the-united-states-for-an-air-corridor-over-iraq-to-carry-out-an-air-strike.md) _Context: Iraq, Israel_
9. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict: Al-Qaeda's deputy leader, Ayman al-Zawahiri, openly supports Hezbollah attacks on Israel, Calling for Jihad until Islam reigns from "Spain to Iraq". ](/news/2006/07/27/2006-israel-lebanon-conflict-p-al-qaeda-s-deputy-leader-ayman-al-zawahiri-openly-supports-hezbollah-attacks-on-israel-calling-for-jihad.md) _Context: Iraq, Israel_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Israel_
