### [2003-09-14](/news/2003/09/14/index.md)

#  Estonian European Union membership referendum, 2003: Estonians vote, 66.8 percent to 33.2 percent, to join the European Union.




### Related:

1. [ EU enlargement: Ten new member states (Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia and Slovenia) join the European Union, increasing the EU's population by 75 million people to a total of roughly 455 million. ](/news/2004/05/1/eu-enlargement-ten-new-member-states-cyprus-the-czech-republic-estonia-hungary-latvia-lithuania-malta-poland-slovakia-and-sloveni.md) _Context: Estonia, European Union candidacy_
2. [Voters in Albania go to the polls in an election important to the country's European Union candidacy, with both the ruling Socialist Party and the rival Democratic Party looking to gain a majority in the country's parliament. Voting is extended by one hour because of Eid al-Fitr celebrations and 39{{nbsp}}degC (102{{nbsp}}degF) degree temperatures. ](/news/2017/06/25/voters-in-albania-go-to-the-polls-in-an-election-important-to-the-country-s-european-union-candidacy-with-both-the-ruling-socialist-party-a.md) _Context: European Union candidacy_
3. [Eight hundred British Army troops arrive in Estonia as part of NATO's Enhanced Forward Presence to deter Russian aggression in Eastern Europe. ](/news/2017/03/18/eight-hundred-british-army-troops-arrive-in-estonia-as-part-of-nato-s-enhanced-forward-presence-to-deter-russian-aggression-in-eastern-europ.md) _Context: Estonia_
4. [The Secretary General of NATO Jens Stoltenberg says that the military alliance plans on sending four multinational battalions to Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Poland in order to boost their defense. However, Stoltenberg said that the battalions will only be deployed on a rotational basis instead of being based permanently. ](/news/2016/06/13/the-secretary-general-of-nato-jens-stoltenberg-says-that-the-military-alliance-plans-on-sending-four-multinational-battalions-to-estonia-la.md) _Context: Estonia_
5. [The European Union and Turkey agree on broad principles for a plan to ease the migration crisis which includes returning thousands of migrants to Turkey. For this, the EU will swiftly ease visa requirements for Turks and speed up Ankara's EU accession talks. A final agreement is to be ready for next week's two-day EU summit in Brussels, Belgium. ](/news/2016/03/8/the-european-union-and-turkey-agree-on-broad-principles-for-a-plan-to-ease-the-migration-crisis-which-includes-returning-thousands-of-migran.md) _Context: European Union candidacy_
6. [The Turkish deputy ambassador to Britain says Turkey should be allowed to join the European Union in order to help solve the Syrian refugee crisis. ](/news/2016/03/7/the-turkish-deputy-ambassador-to-britain-says-turkey-should-be-allowed-to-join-the-european-union-in-order-to-help-solve-the-syrian-refugee.md) _Context: European Union candidacy_
7. [Bosnia and Herzegovina formally applies to join the European Union. ](/news/2016/02/15/bosnia-and-herzegovina-formally-applies-to-join-the-european-union.md) _Context: European Union candidacy_
8. [Russia and Estonia exchange two convicted spies. ](/news/2015/09/26/russia-and-estonia-exchange-two-convicted-spies.md) _Context: Estonia_
9. [A court in Russia sentences Estonian security official Eston Kohver to 15 years in prison for espionage. ](/news/2015/08/19/a-court-in-russia-sentences-estonian-security-official-eston-kohver-to-15-years-in-prison-for-espionage.md) _Context: Estonia_
10. [Estonia becomes the first former Soviet republic to legalize gay partnerships and grant equal rights to same-sex couples.](/news/2014/10/9/estonia-becomes-the-first-former-soviet-republic-to-legalize-gay-partnerships-and-grant-equal-rights-to-same-sex-couples.md) _Context: Estonia_
