### [2003-09-14](/news/2003/09/14/index.md)

#  Sweden and the euro: Swedish voters reject joining the Economic and Monetary Union of the European Union and adopting the Euro, with 56.1 percent of voters voting no.




### Related:

1. [ Swedish Foreign Minister Anna Lindh dies in the hospital from stab wounds inflicted while she was shopping in a department store in the centre of Stockholm. In the wake of the incident, both the Yes and No Euro campaigns suspended their activities.](/news/2003/09/11/swedish-foreign-minister-anna-lindh-dies-in-the-hospital-from-stab-wounds-inflicted-while-she-was-shopping-in-a-department-store-in-the-cen.md) _Context: EUR, Sweden_
2. [Sweden starts its largest military exercise in over 20 years. Nearly 20,000 troops are set to participate, including a contingent of over 1,000 U.S. soldiers. The drills will take place on and around the island of Gotland, including soldiers from NATO countries. ](/news/2017/09/11/sweden-starts-its-largest-military-exercise-in-over-20-years-nearly-20-000-troops-are-set-to-participate-including-a-contingent-of-over-1.md) _Context: Sweden_
3. [The International Criminal Court has ruled that Ahmad al-Faqi al-Mahdi is liable for about EUR 2.7 million in personal damages for the destruction of Timbuktu's heritage sites, and that the victims (including Mali itself and the international community) be paid "individual, collective, and symbolic" reparations. The Trust Fund for Victims is to decide until 16 February 2018 how the amount will be paid (the Court has also recognized that the penniless al-Mahdi would be unable to pay). ](/news/2017/08/17/the-international-criminal-court-has-ruled-that-ahmad-al-faqi-al-mahdi-is-liable-for-about-a-2-7-million-in-personal-damages-for-the-destr.md) _Context: EUR_
4. [In a surprise appointment by Pope Francis, Bishop Anders Arborelius is the first ever person from Sweden to become a cardinal. ](/news/2017/05/21/in-a-surprise-appointment-by-pope-francis-bishop-anders-arborelius-is-the-first-ever-person-from-sweden-to-become-a-cardinal.md) _Context: Sweden_
5. [Swedish prosecutors drop a seven-year sexual assault investigation into WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. ](/news/2017/05/19/swedish-prosecutors-drop-a-seven-year-sexual-assault-investigation-into-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange.md) _Context: Sweden_
6. [A vehicle is driven into a group of people on a street in Stockholm, Sweden, killing four people. ](/news/2017/04/7/a-vehicle-is-driven-into-a-group-of-people-on-a-street-in-stockholm-sweden-killing-four-people.md) _Context: Sweden_
7. [A bus carrying around 50 school children rolls over on a highway south of Sveg in the northern region of Harjedalen, Sweden, killing three people. ](/news/2017/04/2/a-bus-carrying-around-50-school-children-rolls-over-on-a-highway-south-of-sveg-in-the-northern-region-of-ha-rjedalen-sweden-killing-three.md) _Context: Sweden_
8. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Russia had failed to protect students and teachers during the 2004 Beslan school siege, which left 334 people dead, and orders the Russian Government to pay 2,955,000 euros to 409 relatives of the victims. The ruling was quickly denounced by Russia as "unacceptable". ](/news/2017/04/13/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-russia-had-failed-to-protect-students-and-teachers-during-the-2004-beslan-school-siege-which.md) _Context: EUR_
9. [Former Congolese Vice President and warlord Jean-Pierre Bemba, sentenced last year by the International Criminal Court (ICC) to 18 years in prison for war crimes, is given an additional 12 months and fined 300,000 euros for bribing witnesses during an earlier ICC trial. The court also handed jail terms and fines for alleged interference in his trial to members of his legal team. ](/news/2017/03/22/former-congolese-vice-president-and-warlord-jean-pierre-bemba-sentenced-last-year-by-the-international-criminal-court-icc-to-18-years-in.md) _Context: EUR_
10. [The government of Sweden submits a bill to the Riksdag to reintroduce conscription this summer in response to new global security challenges. ](/news/2017/03/2/the-government-of-sweden-submits-a-bill-to-the-riksdag-to-reintroduce-conscription-this-summer-in-response-to-new-global-security-challenges.md) _Context: Sweden_
