### [2013-11-14](/news/2013/11/14/index.md)

# Protests are held in Albania against the proposal to bring Syria's chemical weapons stockpile to be destroyed in the country. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/11/14/us-albania-syria-chemicals-idUSBRE9AD0TO20131114)
2. [TIME](http://world.time.com/2013/11/14/albanians-protest-proposal-to-destroy-syrias-chemical-weapons/)
3. [The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/europe/albanians-protest-reported-plan-for-their-country-to-dismantle-syrian-chemical-weapons/2013/11/14/7cf49e52-4d43-11e3-bf60-c1ca136ae14a_story.html)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War. The United Nations Security Council unanimously adopts a resolution aimed at identifying those responsible for deploying chlorine and other chemical weapons in attacks in Syria. ](/news/2015/08/7/syrian-civil-war-the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-adopts-a-resolution-aimed-at-identifying-those-responsible-for-deploying-c.md) _Context: Syria, chemical weapons_
2. [Syrian Civil War:. Syria hands over its remaining 100 tonnes of its declared chemical weapons to the United Nations Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons but the organisation cannot declare that the country no longer has any such weapons. ](/news/2014/06/23/syrian-civil-war-syria-hands-over-its-remaining-100-tonnes-of-its-declared-chemical-weapons-to-the-united-nations-organisation-for-the-pro.md) _Context: Syria, chemical weapons_
3. [Syrian civil war:. Human Rights Watch issues a report concluding that Syrian government forces were most likely to be responsible for chemical weapons attacks on two suburbs in Damascus on August 21. ](/news/2013/09/10/syrian-civil-war-human-rights-watch-issues-a-report-concluding-that-syrian-government-forces-were-most-likely-to-be-responsible-for-chemic.md) _Context: Syria, chemical weapons_
4. [Syrian civil war:. An Israeli military intelligence analyst states that Syria has used chemical weapons repeatedly over the past month. He also criticizes the international community for not responding to the use of the weapons. ](/news/2013/04/23/syrian-civil-war-an-israeli-military-intelligence-analyst-states-that-syria-has-used-chemical-weapons-repeatedly-over-the-past-month-he-a.md) _Context: Syria, chemical weapons_
5. [Syrian Civil War. Seven members of the White Helmets are shot dead by unidentified gunmen who stormed their office in rebel-held Sarmin, in northwestern Syria. ](/news/2017/08/12/syrian-civil-war-seven-members-of-the-white-helmets-are-shot-dead-by-unidentified-gunmen-who-stormed-their-office-in-rebel-held-sarmin-in.md) _Context: Syria_
6. [Syrian Civil War. The Russian air force bombards the city of Madan and Zor Shamr Camp, south and east of Raqqa, Syria, with cluster bombs, killing six civilians and wounding 19 others. Nearby Alburamadan town was also struck; there are no reports of casualties. ](/news/2017/07/23/syrian-civil-war-the-russian-air-force-bombards-the-city-of-madan-and-zor-shamr-camp-south-and-east-of-raqqa-syria-with-cluster-bombs-k.md) _Context: Syria_
7. [2017 Notre Dame attack. A man who was yelling "This is for Syria" while attacking a police officer with a hammer near Notre-Dame de Paris, France is shot and wounded by another officer. Prosecutors open a terrorism probe. ](/news/2017/06/6/2017-notre-dame-attack-a-man-who-was-yelling-this-is-for-syria-while-attacking-a-police-officer-with-a-hammer-near-notre-dame-de-paris-f.md) _Context: Syria_
8. [ Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon. Lebanese Armed Forces are attacked by five suicide bombers and other militants during a raid of two Syrian refugee camps in Arsal near the Syrian border. The army reports a girl was killed in one of the suicide attacks, seven soldiers were also wounded, and 350 people, including several ISIL officials, were detained during the sweep. ](/news/2017/06/30/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-lebanese-armed-forces-are-attacked-by-five-suicide-bombers-and-other-militants-during-a-raid-of-two.md) _Context: Syria_
9. [Israeli-Syrian ceasefire line incidents during the Syrian Civil War. Israel strikes two Syrian Army artillery positions and an ammunition truck in Quneitra Governorate, after stray shells from Syria land in the northern Golan Heights for a second day in a row. ](/news/2017/06/25/israeli-syrian-ceasefire-line-incidents-during-the-syrian-civil-war-israel-strikes-two-syrian-army-artillery-positions-and-an-ammunition.md) _Context: Syria_
10. [Albanian parliamentary election, 2017. Voters in Albania go to the polls in an election important to the country's European Union candidacy, with both the ruling Socialist Party and the rival Democratic Party looking to gain a majority in the country's parliament. Voting is extended by one hour because of Eid al-Fitr celebrations and 39{{nbsp}}degC (102{{nbsp}}degF) degree temperatures. ](/news/2017/06/25/albanian-parliamentary-election-2017-voters-in-albania-go-to-the-polls-in-an-election-important-to-the-country-s-european-union-candidacy.md) _Context: Albania_
