### [2013-11-14](/news/2013/11/14/index.md)

# Russian ministers led by Foreign Affairs Minister Sergey Lavrov including Defense Minister Sergey Shoygu arrive in Cairo and meet with their Egyptian counterparts including the head of Egypt's military General Abdel Fattah el-Sisi in talks over a new era of enhanced military co-operation. 

Both sides hail talks between a high-level Russian delegation and Egyptian ministers in Cairo as &quot;historic,&quot; amid reports of a possible arms deal.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-24936509)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/11/14/us-egypt-russia-idUSBRE9AD0JM20131114)

### Related:

1. [Russian Defense Minister Sergey Shoygu dismisses 50 high-ranking Navy officers, including Baltic Fleet Commander Viktor Kravchuk and Chief of Staff Sergei Popov, following a month-long inspection that found incompetence, deficiencies in training, and misinformation regarding the state of the fleet. ](/news/2016/06/30/russian-defense-minister-sergey-shoygu-dismisses-50-high-ranking-navy-officers-including-baltic-fleet-commander-viktor-kravchuk-and-chief-o.md) _Context: Ministry of Defence, Russia, Sergey Shoygu_
2. [Egypt-Saudi Arabia relations: King of Saudi Arabia Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud announces, during his trip to Cairo, that a bridge crossing the Red Sea will be built, linking Egypt and Saudi Arabia. Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi says the bridge will be named after the Saudi monarch. A Saudi-Egypt Causeway project has been in the works for years. ](/news/2016/04/8/egypt-saudi-arabia-relations-king-of-saudi-arabia-salman-bin-abdulaziz-al-saud-announces-during-his-trip-to-cairo-that-a-bridge-crossin.md) _Context: Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, Cairo, Egypt_
3. [Riot police violently break up an anti-Sisi protest in Cairo, Egypt. In the first sign of public discontent with President Sisi's rule, hundreds of people gathered and shouted slogans calling for his overthrow. ](/news/2016/04/15/riot-police-violently-break-up-an-anti-sisi-protest-in-cairo-egypt-in-the-first-sign-of-public-discontent-with-president-sisi-s-rule-hund.md) _Context: Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, Cairo, Egypt_
4. [Japan-Russia relations: NATO-Russia relations: Russia announces it will deploy state-of-the art missile defense systems to the far eastern Kuril Islands where they and Japan have rival territorial claims dating to the end of the Second World War. Russian Defence Minister Sergey Shoygu also says that Russia will form new defence units in the country's Western Military District in response to NATO's recent deployment of forces to member states near its border. ](/news/2016/03/25/japan-russia-relations-nato-russia-relations-russia-announces-it-will-deploy-state-of-the-art-missile-defense-systems-to-the-far-easte.md) _Context: Ministry of Defence, Russia, Sergey Shoygu_
5. [Metrojet Flight 9268: Two months after Egypt's Civil Aviation Ministry ruled out terrorism in Flight 9268's crash, President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi admits an ISIS bomb downed the Russian passenger jet. The terrorist group's Sinai Peninsula Branch claimed responsibility shortly after the incident. ](/news/2016/02/24/metrojet-flight-9268-two-months-after-egypt-s-civil-aviation-ministry-ruled-out-terrorism-in-flight-9268-s-crash-president-abdel-fattah-el.md) _Context: Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, Egypt, Russia_
6. [Russian military intervention: For the first time, Russia strikes Islamic State targets in northern Syria with 3M-54 Klub (Kalibr) cruise missiles launched from a Kilo-class submarine in the Mediterranean, according to the Russian Minister of Defence, Sergey Shoygu. ](/news/2015/12/8/russian-military-intervention-for-the-first-time-russia-strikes-islamic-state-targets-in-northern-syria-with-3m-54-klub-kalibr-cruise-mi.md) _Context: Ministry of Defence, Russia, Sergey Shoygu_
7. [ Russian President Dmitry Medvedev meets Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak in Cairo at the start of a four-day trip to Africa. ](/news/2009/06/23/russian-president-dmitry-medvedev-meets-egyptian-president-hosni-mubarak-in-cairo-at-the-start-of-a-four-day-trip-to-africa.md) _Context: Cairo, Egypt, Russia_
8. [Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War: The Russian Ministry of Defence says its forces may have killed ISIL's leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi in an airstrike, south of Raqqa on 28 May, and currently is seeking confirmation. ](/news/2017/06/16/russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-the-russian-ministry-of-defence-says-its-forces-may-have-killed-isil-s-leader-abu-bak.md) _Context: Ministry of Defence, Russia_
9. [An Egyptian excavation team discovers the remains of a pyramid dating back 3,700 years to the thirteenth Dynasty of Egypt at the Dahshur necropolis 40km south of Cairo. ](/news/2017/04/3/an-egyptian-excavation-team-discovers-the-remains-of-a-pyramid-dating-back-3-700-years-to-the-thirteenth-dynasty-of-egypt-at-the-dahshur-nec.md) _Context: Cairo, Egypt_
10. [Former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak is released from detention in Cairo. ](/news/2017/03/24/former-egyptian-president-hosni-mubarak-is-released-from-detention-in-cairo.md) _Context: Cairo, Egypt_
