### [2009-02-19](/news/2009/02/19/index.md)

#  The United States Federal Bureau of Investigation locates Stanford Financial Group Chairman Allen Stanford in Virginia and serves him with a fraud complaint on behalf of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/7900666.stm)

### Related:

1. [ The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission charges Stanford Financial Group Chairman Allen Stanford with fraud. ](/news/2009/02/17/the-u-s-securities-and-exchange-commission-charges-stanford-financial-group-chairman-allen-stanford-with-fraud.md) _Context: Allen Stanford, SEC, Stanford Financial Group, United States, chairman, fraud_
2. [The United States FBI foils an alleged plot by white supremacists in Virginia who were planning a reign of terror - shooting or bombing religious institutions, robbing jewelers and armored cars, purchasing land, stockpiling weapons, and training for the "coming race war." ](/news/2015/11/10/the-united-states-fbi-foils-an-alleged-plot-by-white-supremacists-in-virginia-who-were-planning-a-reign-of-terror-shooting-or-bombing-re.md) _Context: FBI, United States, Virginia_
3. [ Florida hedge fund manager Arthur Nadel is arrested by the United States Federal Bureau of Investigation and charged with fraud. ](/news/2009/01/27/florida-hedge-fund-manager-arthur-nadel-is-arrested-by-the-united-states-federal-bureau-of-investigation-and-charged-with-fraud.md) _Context: FBI, United States, fraud_
4. [2016 Southeastern United States gasoline shortage: The U.S. states of North Carolina and Virginia declare a state of emergency over gas shortages as a result of the Colonial pipeline leak in Shelby County, Alabama. ](/news/2016/09/19/2016-southeastern-united-states-gasoline-shortage-the-u-s-states-of-north-carolina-and-virginia-declare-a-state-of-emergency-over-gas-shor.md) _Context: United States, Virginia_
5. [Six people are killed and 10 injured when a van crashes in the U.S. state of Virginia. ](/news/2016/06/18/six-people-are-killed-and-10-injured-when-a-van-crashes-in-the-u-s-state-of-virginia.md) _Context: United States, Virginia_
6. [In the United States, Suffolk County police ask the FBI for more help in their investigation of a possible serial killer who preyed on prostitutes and left their bodies strewn along a Long Island beach in New York. Ten bodies were found along an isolated stretch of the South Shore's Gilgo Beach between December 2010 and April 2011. ](/news/2015/12/10/in-the-united-states-suffolk-county-police-ask-the-fbi-for-more-help-in-their-investigation-of-a-possible-serial-killer-who-preyed-on-prost.md) _Context: FBI, United States_
7. [U.S. federal health officials are investigating an outbreak of deadly E. coli bacteria that has sickened 19 people in California, Colorado, Missouri, Montana, Utah, Virginia, and Washington. Preliminary evidence suggests that rotisserie chicken salad made and sold in Costco Wholesale stores is the likely source. This follows a totally unrelated outbreak earlier this month connected to Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants. Those restaurants have been cleaned, new ingredients ordered, and have been reopened. The Costco E. coli 157 strain, which has caused five people to be hospitalized- two of which developed hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS; which can readily lead to acute renal failure and sepsis), is more dangerous than the Chipotle E. coli 026 strain, though there have been no deaths yet. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-federal-health-officials-are-investigating-an-outbreak-of-deadly-e-coli-bacteria-that-has-sickened-19-people-in-california-colorado.md) _Context: United States, Virginia_
8. [Health authorities in the United States say that 53 people in nine states have been sickened in a salmonella outbreak. California is the worst affected state with 31 cases with the other states with cases include Arizona, Illinois, Mississippi, New Mexico, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin. ](/news/2015/05/21/health-authorities-in-the-united-states-say-that-53-people-in-nine-states-have-been-sickened-in-a-salmonella-outbreak-california-is-the-wor.md) _Context: United States, Virginia_
9. [Romanian hacker Guccifer is indicted in absentia in a federal court in the U.S. state of Virginia for hacking into the e-mails of American government officials and family members. ](/news/2014/06/13/romanian-hacker-guccifer-is-indicted-in-absentia-in-a-federal-court-in-the-u-s-state-of-virginia-for-hacking-into-the-e-mails-of-american-g.md) _Context: United States, Virginia_
10. ["The Wall Street Journal" reports that the FBI and SEC have launched an insider trading investigation involving billionaire investor Carl Icahn, Las Vegas gambler and investor Billy Walters, and golf superstar Phil Mickelson. No wrongdoing has yet been alleged. ](/news/2014/05/30/the-wall-street-journal-reports-that-the-fbi-and-sec-have-launched-an-insider-trading-investigation-involving-billionaire-investor-carl-ic.md) _Context: FBI, SEC_
