### [2006-12-13](/news/2006/12/13/index.md)

#  The Dutch care-taker government of prime minister Jan Peter Balkenende is in crisis after the House of Representatives passes a motion of disapproval against immigration minister Rita Verdonk. 




### Source:

1. [Financial Times](http://www.ft.com/cms/s/928d4580-8a8f-11db-8940-0000779e2340.html)

### Related:

1. [In the general election in the Netherlands, Prime Minister Mark Rutte's People's Party for Freedom and Democracy gains 10 seats to win 41 of the 150 in the House of Representatives and Diederik Samsom's Labour Party, gains 8. ](/news/2012/09/13/in-the-general-election-in-the-netherlands-prime-minister-mark-rutte-s-people-s-party-for-freedom-and-democracy-gains-10-seats-to-win-41-of.md) _Context: House of Representatives_
2. [Dutch general election of 2012, voters in the Netherlands elect new representation in the House of Representatives. The final prognosis shows 41 (+10) seats for incumbent Prime Minister Mark Rutte's People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD) and 40 seats (+10) for PvdA, Diederik Samsom's Labour Party, out of a total 150 seats. Four other parties get between 12 and 15 seats: SP 15 (0), PVV 13 (-11), CDA 13 (-8), and D66 12 (+2) The remainder, 16 seats, are divided among five more parties. The final televised debate is cancelled. ](/news/2012/09/12/dutch-general-election-of-2012-voters-in-the-netherlands-elect-new-representation-in-the-house-of-representatives-the-final-prognosis-show.md) _Context: House of Representatives_
3. [Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkenende resigns as leader of the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA) after a disappointing election result. ](/news/2010/06/9/prime-minister-jan-peter-balkenende-resigns-as-leader-of-the-christian-democratic-appeal-cda-after-a-disappointing-election-result.md) _Context: Jan Peter Balkenende_
4. [Prime Minister of the Netherlands Jan Peter Balkenende says the country will begin pulling out of Afghanistan in August and be gone by the end of the year following the collapse of Balkenende-4 over the issue. ](/news/2010/02/21/prime-minister-of-the-netherlands-jan-peter-balkenende-says-the-country-will-begin-pulling-out-of-afghanistan-in-august-and-be-gone-by-the-e.md) _Context: Jan Peter Balkenende_
5. [ Saba threatens to secede from the Netherlands Antilles in a letter to Dutch Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkenende. ](/news/2009/09/1/saba-threatens-to-secede-from-the-netherlands-antilles-in-a-letter-to-dutch-prime-minister-jan-peter-balkenende.md) _Context: Jan Peter Balkenende_
6. [ Rita Verdonk, a controversial and popular Dutch politician, is expelled from the VVD. ](/news/2007/09/13/rita-verdonk-a-controversial-and-popular-dutch-politician-is-expelled-from-the-vvd.md) _Context: Rita Verdonk_
7. [ General elections in the Netherlands have resulted in a landslide gain for the Socialist Party. The Christian Democratic CDA remains the largest party, but no two parties can form a cabinet with a majority in the House of Representatives. ](/news/2006/11/22/general-elections-in-the-netherlands-have-resulted-in-a-landslide-gain-for-the-socialist-party-the-christian-democratic-cda-remains-the-la.md) _Context: House of Representatives_
8. [ Politics of the Netherlands. A new cabinet is sworn in, with Jan Peter Balkenende replacing Wim Kok as Prime Minister. He heads a coalition of three parties: Christen Democratisch Appl, Lijst Pim Fortuyn and Volkspartij voor Vrijheid en Democratie. One of the state secretaries of the new cabinet resigned a few hours later.](/news/2002/07/22/politics-of-the-netherlands-a-new-cabinet-is-sworn-in-with-jan-peter-balkenende-replacing-wim-kok-as-prime-minister-he-heads-a-coalition.md) _Context: Jan Peter Balkenende_
9. [ Politics of the Netherlands: General elections for the lower house of parliament were held. The Lijst Pim Fortuyn (LPF) was the great winner, the party gained 26 of the 150 seats, a historic achievement for a new party. The CDA (Christen Democratisch Appl) led by Jan Peter Balkenende became the greatest party (43 seats). The great losers were the coalition parties of the ruling "purple coalition" (PvdA, labour party; VVD, liberals; D'66, leftist liberals). These parties were diminished to half of their former size. Ad Melkert (PvdA) resigns as political leader of his party.](/news/2002/05/15/politics-of-the-netherlands-general-elections-for-the-lower-house-of-parliament-were-held-the-lijst-pim-fortuyn-lpf-was-the-great-winne.md) _Context: Jan Peter Balkenende_
