### [2006-11-6](/news/2006/11/6/index.md)

#  The Polish President, Lech Kaczynski, proposes that there be a 100,000 man-strong EU Army designed to work with NATO. 

The President of Poland, Lech Kaczynski, has proposed the creation of a 100,000-strong European Union army tied to NATO.


### Source:

1. [RTÉ News](http://www.rte.ie/news/2006/1106/nato.html)
1. [Cover Image](https://img.rasset.ie/000062ad-1600.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The leader of Poland's Democracy Defence Committee, Mateusz Kijowski, says the government has "broken the country" after Polish President, Andrzej Duda, enacted a measure curbing the powers of the country's highest legislative court, the Constitutional Tribunal, despite protests and warnings from the European Union. Kijowski further called for foreign intervention in the country from "Europe and the United States" to topple the Law and Justice (PiS) government, saying "they must help us, otherwise Poland will leave the community of democracies". After news broke that Duda had signed into law the constitutional tribunal bill, he made a speech on television defending his move. Polish newspaper Gazeta Wyborcza quoted U.S. sources saying Barack Obama had objections and had let it be known he would delay meeting Duda. The newspaper also suggested Poland's hosting of the next NATO summit, planned for July 2016, was in the balance. ](/news/2015/12/28/the-leader-of-poland-s-democracy-defence-committee-mateusz-kijowski-says-the-government-has-broken-the-country-after-polish-president-a.md) _Context: EU, NATO, President_
2. [Poles march against a bill that critics say might decrease judicial independence in Poland. Hungary has supported the bill while the European Union has opposed it. The protesters hope that the President Andrzej Duda would intervene against the proposed law. ](/news/2017/07/22/poles-march-against-a-bill-that-critics-say-might-decrease-judicial-independence-in-poland-hungary-has-supported-the-bill-while-the-europea.md) _Context: EU, President_
3. [The office of the President of Ukraine calls on the European Union and NATO to condemn the Russian-backed rebels for military action in Debaltseve. The self-proclaimed rebel government officials claim the town was not part of the recently established ceasefire. ](/news/2015/02/17/the-office-of-the-president-of-ukraine-calls-on-the-european-union-and-nato-to-condemn-the-russian-backed-rebels-for-military-action-in-deba.md) _Context: EU, NATO_
4. [A Polish report into the 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash that killed President Lech Kaczynski blames the Polish crew and Russian air traffic controllers for the accident. ](/news/2011/07/29/a-polish-report-into-the-2010-polish-air-force-tu-154-crash-that-killed-president-lech-kaczyaski-blames-the-polish-crew-and-russian-air-tra.md) _Context: Lech Kaczynski, President_
5. [Philip Gordon, the Obama administration's top diplomat on European affairs warns Turkey that it must demonstrate its commitment to NATO, Europe and the United States after its opposition to sanctions against Iran's nuclear program and rhetoric against Israel after the Gaza flotilla raid. ](/news/2010/06/28/philip-gordon-the-obama-administration-s-top-diplomat-on-european-affairs-warns-turkey-that-it-must-demonstrate-its-commitment-to-nato-eur.md) _Context: EU, NATO_
6. [In Poland, presidential elections take place after the death of President Lech Kaczynski on April 10, 2010 in a plane crash. ](/news/2010/06/20/in-poland-presidential-elections-take-place-after-the-death-of-president-lech-kaczyaski-on-april-10-2010-in-a-plane-crash.md) _Context: Lech Kaczynski, President_
7. [Polish President Lech Kaczynski lies in state in Warsaw as Russia marks a day of mourning and Poland appoints an acting head of the central bank to replace the one killed in Saturday's air disaster near Smolensk. ](/news/2010/04/12/polish-president-lech-kaczyaski-lies-in-state-in-warsaw-as-russia-marks-a-day-of-mourning-and-poland-appoints-an-acting-head-of-the-central.md) _Context: Lech Kaczynski, President_
8. [The body of President Lech Kaczynski, who was killed in yesterday's plane crash just north of Smolensk, Russia, is flown back to Poland. ](/news/2010/04/11/the-body-of-president-lech-kaczyaski-who-was-killed-in-yesterday-s-plane-crash-just-north-of-smolensk-russia-is-flown-back-to-poland.md) _Context: Lech Kaczynski, President_
9. [ Pressure increases on the Czech and Polish nations to approve the Treaty of Lisbon; Polish President Lech Kaczynski is expected to sign it following the second Irish referendum but Czech President Vaclav Klaus continues to decline. ](/news/2009/10/4/pressure-increases-on-the-czech-and-polish-nations-to-approve-the-treaty-of-lisbon-polish-president-lech-kaczyaski-is-expected-to-sign-it.md) _Context: Lech Kaczynski, President_
10. [ The President of the United States George W. Bush and the President of Poland Lech Kaczynski agree to proceed with building a missile defense system in Europe despite Russian concerns. ](/news/2007/07/16/the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-and-the-president-of-poland-lech-kaczyaski-agree-to-proceed-with-building-a-missile-defe.md) _Context: Lech Kaczynski, President_
