### [2007-05-8](/news/2007/05/8/index.md)

#  Former Prime Minister of Australia Gough Whitlam gives evidence to the coronial inquest into the death of the Balibo Five in Balibo, East Timor in October 1975. 




### Source:

1. [Sydney Morning Herald with AAP](http://www.smh.com.au/news/national/whitlam-i-knew-nothing/2007/05/08/1178390267593.html?s_cid=rss_smh)

### Related:

1. [ A New South Wales coroner issues a warrant for the arrest of Indonesian politician Yunus Yosfiah for failure to appear to give evidence in the coronial inquest into the death of the Balibo Five in Balibo, East Timor in 1975. ](/news/2007/03/1/a-new-south-wales-coroner-issues-a-warrant-for-the-arrest-of-indonesian-politician-yunus-yosfiah-for-failure-to-appear-to-give-evidence-in.md) _Context: 1975, Balibo, Balibo Five, East Timor, coronial_
2. [ Indonesia declares the deaths of the Balibo Five to be a closed case despite a New South Wales coronial inquest into their deaths in Balibo, East Timor in 1975. ](/news/2007/03/2/indonesia-declares-the-deaths-of-the-balibo-five-to-be-a-closed-case-despite-a-new-south-wales-coronial-inquest-into-their-deaths-in-balibo.md) _Context: 1975, Balibo, Balibo Five, East Timor_
3. [ A New South Wales coroner concludes that a group of five journalists, known as the Balibo Five, were deliberately killed by Indonesian forces in 1975 in order to prevent them exposing Indonesia's 1975 invasion of East Timor. ](/news/2007/11/15/a-new-south-wales-coroner-concludes-that-a-group-of-five-journalists-known-as-the-balibo-five-were-deliberately-killed-by-indonesian-forc.md) _Context: Balibo Five, East Timor_
4. [Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull expresses shock and demands answers after an Australian woman, who called 9-1-1 for help because of a suspected assault near her home, was shot and killed on Saturday by a police officer who had responded in Minneapolis, Minnesota. ](/news/2017/07/19/australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-expresses-shock-and-demands-answers-after-an-australian-woman-who-called-9-1-1-for-help-because.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister_
5. [Elections are held in East Timor to vote for the nation's 4th President. Francisco Guterres, runner-up in the 2007 and 2012 elections, is expected to win due to the support of Xanana Gusmao. ](/news/2017/03/20/elections-are-held-in-east-timor-to-vote-for-the-nation-s-4th-president-francisco-guterres-runner-up-in-the-2007-and-2012-elections-is-ex.md) _Context: East Timor_
6. [Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull's Liberal/National coalition, behind Bill Shorten's Labor Party in the first 48 hours following Saturday's election, is now ahead of Labor in the Lower House, 74-71 seats; 76 seats are needed to form a government. Minor parties and independents have won five seats;  mail-in and absentee votes are still being counted. Turnbull is on the road today seeking support from a small handful of independent and small party lawmakers. ](/news/2016/07/7/australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-s-liberal-national-coalition-behind-bill-shorten-s-labor-party-in-the-first-48-hours-following-s.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister_
7. [The election deadlock continues as neither Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull nor  opposition leader  Bill Shorten has the minimum number of  Lower House seats (76) needed to form a government. Shorten leads Turnbull, 71-67, with only six seats undecided. ](/news/2016/07/4/the-election-deadlock-continues-as-neither-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-nor-opposition-leader-bill-shorten-has-the-minimum-n.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister_
8. [The Prime Minister of Australia Malcolm Turnbull announces that a Royal Commission will be held into the Northern Territory youth justice system after the Australian Broadcasting Commission's Four Corners program shows footage of juvenile Aboriginal Australians being tortured at the Don Dale Juvenile Detention Centre. John Elferink has been sacked as the Northern Territory's Minister for Justice and Corrections following the report. ](/news/2016/07/26/the-prime-minister-of-australia-malcolm-turnbull-announces-that-a-royal-commission-will-be-held-into-the-northern-territory-youth-justice-sy.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister_
9. [Australians vote to elect a government for the next three years.  Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, leader of the conservative Liberal Party-led Coalition, dissolved both houses of Parliament in May in a bid for a Senate more friendly to his agenda. The final result showed the Coalition with a bare 1 seat majority in the House with 76 seats and the Australian Labor Party with 69 seats. ](/news/2016/07/2/australians-vote-to-elect-a-government-for-the-next-three-years-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-leader-of-the-conservative-liberal-party.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister_
10. [The Leader of the Opposition, Bill Shorten, concedes defeat as continued counting in marginal seats indicates that the governing coalition of the Liberal Party and National Party will either win a narrow majority or be able to govern with the support of independents. Malcolm Turnbull will continue as Prime Minister of Australia and has claimed victory. ](/news/2016/07/10/the-leader-of-the-opposition-bill-shorten-concedes-defeat-as-continued-counting-in-marginal-seats-indicates-that-the-governing-coalition-o.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister_
