### [2008-07-24](/news/2008/07/24/index.md)

#  Three former aides to former Governor of New York Eliot Spitzer and the former head of the New York State Police are charged with ethics violations over improper use of travel records of former Republican New York State Senate majority leader Joseph Bruno. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Google News](http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5ghfl_mC-dL9n_kKKV36tVjs8ulOgD924DCS82)

### Related:

1. [ Two Democrats cross party lines and join Republicans to swing control of the Senate of the U.S. state of New York to the Republican Party. ](/news/2009/06/9/two-democrats-cross-party-lines-and-join-republicans-to-swing-control-of-the-senate-of-the-u-s-state-of-new-york-to-the-republican-party.md) _Context: Republican, Senate_
2. [ Governor of New York Eliot Spitzer resigns effective March 17 amid a prostitution ring scandal. He will be replaced by David Paterson, the first African American and legally blind person to hold this position. ](/news/2008/03/12/governor-of-new-york-eliot-spitzer-resigns-effective-march-17-amid-a-prostitution-ring-scandal-he-will-be-replaced-by-david-paterson-the.md) _Context: Eliot Spitzer, Governor_
3. [ Governor of New York Eliot Spitzer is linked with a criminal investigation of an international online prostitution ring. ](/news/2008/03/10/governor-of-new-york-eliot-spitzer-is-linked-with-a-criminal-investigation-of-an-international-online-prostitution-ring.md) _Context: Eliot Spitzer, Governor_
4. [Politics of the United States. West Virginia Governor Jim Justice announces, during U.S. President Donald Trump's rally in Huntington, he is changing his party affiliation from Democratic to Republican. ](/news/2017/08/3/politics-of-the-united-states-west-virginia-governor-jim-justice-announces-during-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-rally-in-huntington-he-is.md) _Context: Republican_
5. [United States sanctions. Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/united-states-sanctions-negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea.md) _Context: Republican_
6. [United States senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-states-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-it.md) _Context: Republican_
7. [Efforts to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. American Health Care Act of 2017. The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/efforts-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-american-health-care-act-of-2017-the-republican-controlled-united-states.md) _Context: Republican_
8. [Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017. Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia. ](/news/2017/04/18/georgia-s-6th-congressional-district-special-election-2017-democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u.md) _Context: Republican_
9. [Political appointments of Donald Trump. The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/political-appointments-of-donald-trump-the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-prim.md) _Context: Republican_
10. [An act to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. A leaked memo from House Republicans reveals cutting provisions from Obamacare such as Medicaid expansions and subsidies for health insurance. ](/news/2017/02/25/an-act-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-a-leaked-memo-from-house-republicans-reveals-cutting-provisions-from-obamac.md) _Context: Republican_
