### [2003-07-20](/news/2003/07/20/index.md)

#  Richard Sambrook, the Director of BBC News reveals that Dr. David Kelly was the source of claims that Downing Street had "sexed up" the September Dossier. (see also: Dodgy Dossier)




### Related:

1. [ The corpse of Dr. David Kelly is discovered, it appears that he committed suicide. Kelly was a British government advisor involved in the "September Dossier" investigation relating to the 2003 war on Iraq. Former Labour Junior Minister Glenda Jackson calls for Prime Minister Blair's resignation and a Mail on Sunday reporter asks, "Do you have blood on your hands. Prime Minister?" Blair refuses to comment, as does Communications Director Campbell.](/news/2003/07/18/the-corpse-of-dr-david-kelly-is-discovered-it-appears-that-he-committed-suicide-kelly-was-a-british-government-advisor-involved-in-the.md) _Context: 45 minutes to launch claim, David Christopher Kelly_
2. [Kurt Volker, U.S. special representative for Ukraine, says in a BBC News interview that the White House is considering arming Ukrainian government forces fighting Pro-Russian militants with defensive weapons. ](/news/2017/07/25/kurt-volker-u-s-special-representative-for-ukraine-says-in-a-bbc-news-interview-that-the-white-house-is-considering-arming-ukrainian-gove.md) _Context: BBC News_
3. [An eruption at Mount Etna on the Italian island of Sicily injures at least ten people, including several in a BBC News crew. ](/news/2017/03/16/an-eruption-at-mount-etna-on-the-italian-island-of-sicily-injures-at-least-ten-people-including-several-in-a-bbc-news-crew.md) _Context: BBC News_
4. [Chinese state news agency Xinhua joins critics of Shenyang's handling of serious pollution problems. "The city of Shenyang has failed to apply emergency measures that could have reduced smog, and didn't provide advisories to residents to stay indoors," Xinhua wrote. The BBC reported pollution readings in the northeastern Chinese city have been 50 times higher than levels considered safe by the World Health Organization (WHO). ](/news/2015/11/10/chinese-state-news-agency-xinhua-joins-critics-of-shenyang-s-handling-of-serious-pollution-problems-the-city-of-shenyang-has-failed-to-app.md) _Context: BBC News_
5. [P.C. Keith Wallis is charged as part of the investigation into the Plebgate incident at Downing Street. ](/news/2013/11/26/p-c-keith-wallis-is-charged-as-part-of-the-investigation-into-the-plebgate-incident-at-downing-street.md) _Context: Downing Street_
6. [Downing Street announces the funeral for Margaret Thatcher is scheduled for Wednesday, 17 April. She will be afforded a ceremonial exit, ranking her alongside Diana Spencer and the Queen Mother. ](/news/2013/04/9/downing-street-announces-the-funeral-for-margaret-thatcher-is-scheduled-for-wednesday-17-april-she-will-be-afforded-a-ceremonial-exit-ran.md) _Context: Downing Street_
7. [Former British Cabinet minister Andrew Mitchell says he will take legal action against "The Sun" over claims he swore and called police officers plebs in a row in Downing Street. ](/news/2013/03/28/former-british-cabinet-minister-andrew-mitchell-says-he-will-take-legal-action-against-the-sun-over-claims-he-swore-and-called-police-offi.md) _Context: Downing Street_
8. [A police officer's claim that he witnessed a conflict outside Downing Street involving former British Conservative Party chief whip Andrew Mitchell is being probed by the Independent Police Complaints Commission. CCTV footage of the incident also emerges, casting doubt on whether any witnesses were present at the time. ](/news/2012/12/18/a-police-officer-s-claim-that-he-witnessed-a-conflict-outside-downing-street-involving-former-british-conservative-party-chief-whip-andrew-m.md) _Context: Downing Street_
9. [Chief Whip of the British Conservative Party Andrew Mitchell resigns over remarks he made to police officers in Downing Street, and following a lengthy political row over the issue. ](/news/2012/10/19/chief-whip-of-the-british-conservative-party-andrew-mitchell-resigns-over-remarks-he-made-to-police-officers-in-downing-street-and-followin.md) _Context: Downing Street_
10. [Private and independent newspapers in Ivory Coast cease publication to protest violence and harassment by supporters of incumbent President Laurent Gbagbo. Radio broadcasts by the BBC and RFI are taken off air. ](/news/2011/03/2/private-and-independent-newspapers-in-ivory-coast-cease-publication-to-protest-violence-and-harassment-by-supporters-of-incumbent-president.md) _Context: BBC News_
