### [1999-11-27](/news/1999/11/27/index.md)

#  Labour Party elected in New Zealand general election. Helen Clark first Elected Woman Prime Minister in New Zealand History.




### Related:

1. [ Helen Clark announces the formation of a Labour-led Government in New Zealand. The Progressive Party is in coalition. New Zealand First and United Future support the government and are each given ministerial positions outside Cabinet. ](/news/2005/10/17/helen-clark-announces-the-formation-of-a-labour-led-government-in-new-zealand-the-progressive-party-is-in-coalition-new-zealand-first-and.md) _Context: Helen Clark, Labour Party_
2. [ New Zealand's Labour Prime Minister Helen Clark is set to form a third-term government after the National Party loses a seat following the count of 'special' votes. She begins talks with minor party leaders to form a coalition government as well obtain the support of enough minor parties to have a majority on supply and confidence issues. ](/news/2005/10/1/new-zealand-s-labour-prime-minister-helen-clark-is-set-to-form-a-third-term-government-after-the-national-party-loses-a-seat-following-the.md) _Context: Helen Clark, Labour Party_
3. [ In the New Zealand general election, the Labour Party, led by Prime Minister Helen Clark, seems best placed to form a new government. Although the opposition National Party of Dr. Don Brash makes the greatest gains, these are mainly at the expense of minor parties. All the existing minor parties lose seats, with only the new Maori Party making gains. ([http://www.electionresults.govt.nz/partystatus.html Elections New Zealand])](/news/2005/09/17/in-the-new-zealand-general-election-the-labour-party-led-by-prime-minister-helen-clark-seems-best-placed-to-form-a-new-government-altho.md) _Context: Helen Clark, Labour Party_
4. [New Zealand general election, 2017: Jacinda Ardern is elected the new leader of the Labour Party, after Andrew Little resigns on the back of poor opinion poll performance ahead of the 23 September election. ](/news/2017/08/1/new-zealand-general-election-2017-jacinda-ardern-is-elected-the-new-leader-of-the-labour-party-after-andrew-little-resigns-on-the-back-of.md) _Context: Labour Party_
5. [United Nations Secretary-General selection, 2016: Former New Zealand prime minister Helen Clark is running for Secretary-General of the United Nations, to succeed Ban Ki-moon whose second term expires at the end of this year. Clark, who is the first non-European and fourth woman among the eight announced candidates, was prime minister for nine years (1999-2008) and has been Administrator of the United Nations Development Programme since April 2009. The United Nations Trusteeship Council will begin preliminary meetings with candidates next week in New York City. ](/news/2016/04/4/united-nations-secretary-general-selection-2016-former-new-zealand-prime-minister-helen-clark-is-running-for-secretary-general-of-the-unit.md) _Context: Helen Clark_
6. [Andrew Little is elected to lead the New Zealand Labour Party following the resignation of David Cunliffe in September. ](/news/2014/11/18/andrew-little-is-elected-to-lead-the-new-zealand-labour-party-following-the-resignation-of-david-cunliffe-in-september.md) _Context: Labour Party_
7. [David Cunliffe resigns as leader of the New Zealand Labour Party following a crushing defeat in last week's election, but will nominate himself as leader in the subsequent leadership contest. ](/news/2014/09/27/david-cunliffe-resigns-as-leader-of-the-new-zealand-labour-party-following-a-crushing-defeat-in-last-week-s-election-but-will-nominate-hims.md) _Context: Labour Party_
8. [New Zealand Labour Party MP David Cunliffe is elected leader of the party with 51.5% of the total vote. ([http://New%20Zealand%20Herald New Zealand Herald])](/news/2013/09/15/new-zealand-labour-party-mp-david-cunliffe-is-elected-leader-of-the-party-with-51-5-of-the-total-vote-http-new-20zealand-20herald-new.md) _Context: Labour Party_
9. [ A coalition consisting of the National Party, ACT and United Future wins a majority of seats in the Parliament of New Zealand, ending nine years of Labour Party-led rule. ](/news/2008/11/8/a-coalition-consisting-of-the-national-party-act-and-united-future-wins-a-majority-of-seats-in-the-parliament-of-new-zealand-ending-nine.md) _Context: Labour Party_
10. [ The Prime Minister of New Zealand Helen Clark calls an election for November 8. ](/news/2008/09/12/the-prime-minister-of-new-zealand-helen-clark-calls-an-election-for-november-8.md) _Context: Helen Clark_
