### [2008-04-28](/news/2008/04/28/index.md)

#  Officials with the Texas Department of Family and Protective Services find that 31 of the 53 girls between ages 14 and 17 seized from the YFZ Ranch have been, or are currently, pregnant. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,352966,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ The Texas Department of Family and Protective Services reaches agreement with some of the families of the YFZ Ranch to start returning the children on Monday. ](/news/2008/05/30/the-texas-department-of-family-and-protective-services-reaches-agreement-with-some-of-the-families-of-the-yfz-ranch-to-start-returning-the.md) _Context: Texas Department of Family and Protective Services, YFZ Ranch_
2. [Medical research reveals shrinkage in women's brains as a result of pregnancy. Loss of gray matter in certain regions of the brain may make the brain more efficient and specialized for child-rearing. There is also evidence of links to long-term changes in brain. ](/news/2016/12/25/medical-research-reveals-shrinkage-in-womenas-brains-as-a-result-of-pregnancy-loss-of-gray-matter-in-certain-regions-of-the-brain-may-mak.md) _Context: pregnancy_
3. [Brazilian health officials announce 2,400 babies (up from 147 in 2014) have been born this year with microcephaly, a neurological disorder that can result in incomplete brain development which can be caused by the mosquito-borne Zika virus, and advise would-be parents, especially in the country's northeast where most of the cases occurred, to avoid pregnancy. ](/news/2015/12/23/brazilian-health-officials-announce-2-400-babies-up-from-147-in-2014-have-been-born-this-year-with-microcephaly-a-neurological-disorder-t.md) _Context: pregnancy_
4. [Research conducted by Columbus, Ohio's Nationwide Children's Hospital and published in the "American Journal of Epidemiology" suggests moderate caffeine consumption during pregnancy does not harm a baby's future intelligence or behavioral health. ](/news/2015/11/21/research-conducted-by-columbus-ohio-s-nationwide-children-s-hospital-and-published-in-the-american-journal-of-epidemiology-suggests-moder.md) _Context: pregnancy_
5. [Catriona Finlayson-Wilkins, 41, of England, becomes the first diabetic (she has Type I diabetes) to give birth naturally after using an artificial pancreas throughout her pregnancy. ](/news/2015/05/5/catriona-finlayson-wilkins-41-of-england-becomes-the-first-diabetic-she-has-type-i-diabetes-to-give-birth-naturally-after-using-an-arti.md) _Context: pregnancy_
6. [While on the way to the hospital due to complications in a pregnancy, a young Ultra-Orthodox Hasidic Jewish couple from a Brooklyn enclave are killed in a hit-and-run; the baby was delivered prematurely by C-section but died the next day of its injuries. The car owner was arrested soon after; the driver was arrested days later after a search. ](/news/2013/03/3/while-on-the-way-to-the-hospital-due-to-complications-in-a-pregnancy-a-young-ultra-orthodox-hasidic-jewish-couple-from-a-brooklyn-enclave-a.md) _Context: pregnancy_
7. [Under new guidelines to come into force from April 30, clinics which charge for pregnancy services, including abortions, will be able to advertise on radio and television in the United Kingdom, after the Broadcast Committee of Advertising Practice ruled there was no justification for barring such clinics from advertising their services. ](/news/2012/01/21/under-new-guidelines-to-come-into-force-from-april-30-clinics-which-charge-for-pregnancy-services-including-abortions-will-be-able-to-adv.md) _Context: pregnancy_
8. [ United States Army Major General Anthony Cucolo makes pregnancy a court-martial offense for both female and male troops under his command in northern Iraq. ](/news/2009/12/20/united-states-army-major-general-anthony-cucolo-makes-pregnancy-a-court-martial-offense-for-both-female-and-male-troops-under-his-command-i.md) _Context: pregnancy_
9. [ Raymond Jessup is sentenced to 10 years in prison for sexual assault of an underage girl after the April 2008 raid of the YFZ Ranch in Eldorado, Texas. ](/news/2009/11/11/raymond-jessup-is-sentenced-to-10-years-in-prison-for-sexual-assault-of-an-underage-girl-after-the-april-2008-raid-of-the-yfz-ranch-in-eldo.md) _Context: YFZ Ranch_
10. [ A 34-year-old Tunisian woman from Gafsa, thought to have been pregnant with 12 babies and whose story had attracted international attention, is determined to have been the victim of a phantom pregnancy. ](/news/2009/08/21/a-34-year-old-tunisian-woman-from-gafsa-thought-to-have-been-pregnant-with-12-babies-and-whose-story-had-attracted-international-attention.md) _Context: pregnancy_
