### [2010-09-29](/news/2010/09/29/index.md)

# Turkey's ambassador refuses visas to Australian and New Zealand archaeologists to conduct a survey of Gallipoli Campaign  battlesites over concerns about a statue built by Sydney's Assyrian community commemorating the Assyrian Genocide in World War I. 

The Federal Government says it is hoping to resolve a dispute that is threatening a planned survey of Gallilopi battlefields in Turkey.


### Source:

1. [ABC Online](http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2010/09/29/3025501.htm?section=justin)

### Related:

1. [ More than 20,000 Australians, New Zealanders, Turks and other nationalities gather at Anzac Cove, Gallipoli, Turkey to mark the 90th anniversary of the landing at Anzac Cove during World War I. Thousands more attend ANZAC Day dawn remembrance ceremonies and marches in cities around Australia and New Zealand, 250,000 in Sydney alone. ](/news/2005/04/25/more-than-20-000-australians-new-zealanders-turks-and-other-nationalities-gather-at-anzac-cove-gallipoli-turkey-to-mark-the-90th-annive.md) _Context: Australia, First World War, New Zealand, Sydney, Turkish_
2. [Gallipoli Landing 100th anniversaryAttendances at services to commemorate Anzac Day break attendance records in Australia and New Zealand. ](/news/2015/04/25/gallipoli-landing-100th-anniversarypattendances-at-services-to-commemorate-anzac-day-break-attendance-records-in-australia-and-new-zealand.md) _Context: Australia, Gallipoli Landing, New Zealand_
3. [Australia and New Zealand mark Anzac Day. Events occur in Afghanistan, France, Turkey and Vietnam, while Julia Gillard heads to South Korea. ](/news/2011/04/25/australia-and-new-zealand-mark-anzac-day-events-occur-in-afghanistan-france-turkey-and-vietnam-while-julia-gillard-heads-to-south-korea.md) _Context: Australia, New Zealand, Turkish_
4. [The Rhode Island Marine Architecture Project claims to have found the wreckage of HMS ''Endeavour'' used by Royal Navy Lieutenant James Cook on his voyage to Australia, New Zealand and Tahiti between 1768 and 1771. The ship was scuttled in 1778 in Newport Harbor ahead of the Battle of Rhode Island in the American War of Independence. ](/news/2016/05/3/the-rhode-island-marine-architecture-project-claims-to-have-found-the-wreckage-of-hms-endeavour-used-by-royal-navy-lieutenant-james-cook.md) _Context: Australia, New Zealand_
5. [A gunman, who killed one man, injured two others, and was holding three people hostage, is found dead  when an armed tactical response police team storms a building in the Ingleburn industrial area  in suburban Sydney, Australia. All  hostages were unharmed. ](/news/2016/03/7/a-gunman-who-killed-one-man-injured-two-others-and-was-holding-three-people-hostage-is-found-dead-when-an-armed-tactical-response-polic.md) _Context: Australia, Sydney_
6. [Australian electronics retailer Dick Smith, placed in administration by creditors in January, will close 301 stores in Australia and 62 in New Zealand with nearly 3000 people to lose their jobs. ](/news/2016/02/25/australian-electronics-retailer-dick-smith-placed-in-administration-by-creditors-in-january-will-close-301-stores-in-australia-and-62-in-n.md) _Context: Australia, New Zealand_
7. [Australian police in Sydney arrest two men  who, police say, were planning attacks on locations such as  naval bases and police headquarters. New South Wales Deputy Police Commissioner  Catherine Burn said Wednesday's activity brings the number of people arrested in connection with last year's Operation Appleby to 13. ](/news/2015/12/23/australian-police-in-sydney-arrest-two-men-who-police-say-were-planning-attacks-on-locations-such-as-naval-bases-and-police-headquarters.md) _Context: Australia, Sydney_
8. [The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) lifts the 32-year-old, lifetime ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men. Men can donate if they haven't had sex with another man in the previous year. The FDA stance is in line with other countries, such as Australia, Brazil, Canada, New Zealand, and the U.K., and is consistent with rules on recent blood transfusion or accidental exposure to another individual's blood.  ](/news/2015/12/21/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-fda-lifts-the-32-year-old-lifetime-ban-on-blood-donations-from-gay-and-bisexual-men-men-c.md) _Context: Australia, New Zealand_
9. [Myanmar tops the 2015 Charities Aid Foundation's World Giving Index which measures each country's charitable behavior. Individuals indicate whether they have donated money, volunteered, or helped a stranger in the past month. The United States, which tied with Myanmar last year, is second, followed by New Zealand, Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Sri Lanka, Ireland, and Malaysia. ](/news/2015/11/10/myanmar-tops-the-2015-charities-aid-foundation-s-world-giving-index-which-measures-each-country-s-charitable-behavior-individuals-indicate.md) _Context: Australia, New Zealand_
10. [ Five individuals - four men and a teenage boy - are arrested in connection with the gang-rape of a 16-year-old girl at a Sydney, Australia, house party. ](/news/2015/10/15/five-individuals-a-four-men-and-a-teenage-boy-a-are-arrested-in-connection-with-the-gang-rape-of-a-16-year-old-girl-at-a-sydney-austra.md) _Context: Australia, Sydney_
