### [2010-09-29](/news/2010/09/29/index.md)

# United States District Court for the Northern District of California judge Jeremy D. Fogel stays the execution of sex killer Albert Greenwood Brown who was due to be executed on Thursday. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Google](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5hjFWjKS20qv3kpoq9aexNISUyNHQ?docId=CNG.87fc43de98513173dcce8b64af55cda1.971)

### Related:

1. [November 2015 Paris attacks: The father of Cal State Long Beach student Nohemi Gonzalez, the only American killed in the November 13, 2015, Paris massacre, files suit in San Francisco, California, federal court against Twitter, Facebook, and Google, alleging the companies provided "material support" to the Islamic State and other extremist groups. While generally free of liability under U.S. law which provides a legal "safe harbor" for content posted, this case targets the behavior social media companies enable. The suit is very similar to a case brought against Twitter in January by the widow of a contractor killed in the November 9, 2015, attack in Jordan. ](/news/2016/06/15/november-2015-paris-attacks-the-father-of-cal-state-long-beach-student-nohemi-gonzalez-the-only-american-killed-in-the-november-13-2015.md) _Context: federal court_
2. [In a case brought by a group of former NCAA athletes, U.S. District Court judge Claudia Wilken rules that the NCAA violated antitrust law by restricting the compensation that college athletes can receive for their publicity rights. ](/news/2014/08/8/in-a-case-brought-by-a-group-of-former-ncaa-athletes-u-s-district-court-judge-claudia-wilken-rules-that-the-ncaa-violated-antitrust-law-by.md) _Context: federal court_
3. [A judge declines to throw out the case against actress Lindsay Lohan in which she is accused of lying to a California police officer after a car accident in 2012. ](/news/2013/03/2/a-judge-declines-to-throw-out-the-case-against-actress-lindsay-lohan-in-which-she-is-accused-of-lying-to-a-california-police-officer-after-a.md) _Context: judge_
4. [Prosecutors ask a judge of the Manhattan federal district court to sentence Peter Madoff, brother and co-conspirator of infamous scammer Bernard Madoff, to a sentence of ten years. ](/news/2012/12/13/prosecutors-ask-a-judge-of-the-manhattan-federal-district-court-to-sentence-peter-madoff-brother-and-co-conspirator-of-infamous-scammer-ber.md) _Context: judge_
5. [The perjury trial of U.S. baseball star Barry Bonds begins in federal court in San Francisco, California. ](/news/2011/03/21/the-perjury-trial-of-u-s-baseball-star-barry-bonds-begins-in-federal-court-in-san-francisco-california.md) _Context: federal court_
6. [Don't ask, don't tell: The Obama administration asks United States District Court for the Central District of California judge Virginia A. Phillips to stay her ruling in Log Cabin Republicans v. United States of America that the Don't Ask, Don't Tell policy is unconstitutional while it appeals the decision. ](/news/2010/10/14/don-t-ask-don-t-tell-the-obama-administration-asks-united-states-district-court-for-the-central-district-of-california-judge-virginia-a-p.md) _Context: judge_
7. [The business-software giant Oracle files a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court in San Francisco alleging that Micron Technology, a manufacturer of memory chips, colluded with other manufacturers to fix prices. ](/news/2010/09/28/the-business-software-giant-oracle-files-a-lawsuit-in-the-u-s-district-court-in-san-francisco-alleging-that-micron-technology-a-manufactur.md) _Context: federal court_
8. [Judge Ronald B. Leighton of the United States District Court for the Western District of Washington rules on remand that the discharge of flight nurse Maj. Margaret Witt under the Don't ask, don't tell policy violated her constitutional rights. ](/news/2010/09/24/judge-ronald-b-leighton-of-the-united-states-district-court-for-the-western-district-of-washington-rules-on-remand-that-the-discharge-of-fl.md) _Context: judge_
9. [Vaughn R. Walker, the Chief Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, rules in "Perry v. Schwarzenegger" that California Proposition 8 banning same-sex marriage in California is unconstitutional. ](/news/2010/08/4/vaughn-r-walker-the-chief-judge-of-the-united-states-district-court-for-the-northern-district-of-california-rules-in-perry-v-schwarzene.md) _Context: federal court_
10. [Federal Judge Vaughn R. Walker, after deciding for the plaintiffs in Perry v. Schwarzenegger, mandates that same-sex marriage in the U.S. state of California should resume on August 18. ](/news/2010/08/12/federal-judge-vaughn-r-walker-after-deciding-for-the-plaintiffs-in-perry-v-schwarzenegger-mandates-that-same-sex-marriage-in-the-u-s-st.md) _Context: federal court_
