### [2017-02-15](/news/2017/02/15/index.md)

# Andrew Puzder, CEO of CKE Restaurants, withdraws from consideration to be Secretary of Labor in President Donald Trump's cabinet. 

Andy Puzder withdraw amid growing questions about his business record and scrutiny from both parties.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/politics-news/labor-secretary-nominee-andy-puzder-expected-withdraw-nomination-n721421)

### Related:

1. [U.S. President Donald Trump names  Florida International University College of Law Dean  and former National Labor Relations Board member Alexander Acosta to be Secretary of Labor. The President's initial nominee, Andy Puzder, withdrew his nomination yesterday. ](/news/2017/02/16/u-s-president-donald-trump-names-florida-international-university-college-of-law-dean-and-former-national-labor-relations-board-member-al.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Formation of Donald Trump's cabinet, United States Secretary of Labor_
2. [President Donald Trump names United States Army Lt. General H. R. McMaster as National Security Advisor and says that U.S. Lt. Gen. Keith Kellogg, who has been the acting NSA, will remain as the NSC's Chief of Staff. ](/news/2017/02/20/president-donald-trump-names-united-states-army-lt-general-h-r-mcmaster-as-national-security-advisor-and-says-that-u-s-lt-gen-keith-ke.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Formation of Donald Trump's cabinet_
3. [Carl's Jr./Hardee's executive and minimum wage reform critic Andrew Puzder is selected as  United States Secretary of Labor. ](/news/2016/12/8/carl-s-jr-hardee-s-executive-and-minimum-wage-reform-critic-andrew-puzder-is-selected-as-united-states-secretary-of-labor.md) _Context: Andrew Puzder, United States Secretary of Labor_
4. [U.S. President Donald Trump removes James Comey as Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, with Andrew G. McCabe stepping in as acting director. ](/news/2017/05/9/u-s-president-donald-trump-removes-james-comey-as-director-of-the-federal-bureau-of-investigation-with-andrew-g-mccabe-stepping-in-as-act.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
5. [Despite opposition from Turkey, President Donald Trump authorizes an arms deal with the Syrian Kurds to assist the Syrian Democratic Forces in their fight against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). ](/news/2017/05/9/despite-opposition-from-turkey-president-donald-trump-authorizes-an-arms-deal-with-the-syrian-kurds-to-assist-the-syrian-democratic-forces.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
6. [The meeting of Group of 7 leaders in Taormina, Italy, concludes with a disagreement on whether to uphold the Paris Agreement; U.S. President Donald Trump is the only leader not to confirm commitment to the agreement, due to his climate change denial. ](/news/2017/05/27/the-meeting-of-group-of-7-leaders-in-taormina-italy-concludes-with-a-disagreement-on-whether-to-uphold-the-paris-agreement-u-s-president.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
7. [British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to ''The New York Times''. British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connection-with-monday-s-manchester-bombing-attack-for-most-of-the-day.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
8. [President Donald Trump's proposed budget for fiscal year 2018, titled "America First: A Budget Blueprint to Make America Great Again,"  has a $2 trillion accounting error over 10 years because it  uses the same money twice for two different purposes. ](/news/2017/05/24/president-donald-trump-s-proposed-budget-for-fiscal-year-2018-titled-america-first-a-budget-blueprint-to-make-america-great-again-has.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
9. [During a phone call between U.S. president Donald Trump and Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte, Trump allegedly congratulates Duterte on his drug war, which has been widely criticized for its brutality by human rights organizations. ](/news/2017/05/24/during-a-phone-call-between-u-s-president-donald-trump-and-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-trump-allegedly-congratulates-duterte-on-h.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
10. [U.S. President Donald Trump arrives in Saudi Arabia, his first of three scheduled foreign trips. Trump signs an arms deal with King Salman worth more than US$100 billion. ](/news/2017/05/20/u-s-president-donald-trump-arrives-in-saudi-arabia-his-first-of-three-scheduled-foreign-trips-trump-signs-an-arms-deal-with-king-salman-w.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
