### [2017-02-15](/news/2017/02/15/index.md)

# Eurovision Song Contest 2017. Twenty-one organizers for the Eurovision Song Contest in Kiev, Ukraine, resign en masse after claiming they were completely blocked from making decisions about the show. Despite the setback, the European Broadcasting Union insists that the event must go on. 

The Eurovision Song Contest hits a major road bump, as 21 top level staff resign.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/entertainment-arts-38979114)

### Related:

1. [ The Greek entry "My Number One" by Elena Paparizou wins the 50th Annual Eurovision Song Contest in Kiev, Ukraine. 24 countries of the European Broadcasting Union participate in the final, fifteen other countries having been eliminated in Thursdays' semi-finals. ](/news/2005/05/21/the-greek-entry-my-number-one-by-elena-paparizou-wins-the-50th-annual-eurovision-song-contest-in-kiev-ukraine-24-countries-of-the-europ.md) _Context: European Broadcasting Union, Kiev, Ukraine_
2. [Ukrainian crisis. DPR leader Alexander Zakharchenko announced that the self-declared Donetsk People's Republic (DPR) and Luhansk People's Republic (LPR) would form a new state called Malorossiya (Little Russia) as an official successor to what he called the "failed state" of Ukraine, with Donetsk replacing Kiev as the country's capital. Ukrainian president Petro Poroshenko and LPR leader Igor Plotnitsky denounced the plans. ](/news/2017/07/18/ukrainian-crisis-dpr-leader-alexander-zakharchenko-announced-that-the-self-declared-donetsk-people-s-republic-dpr-and-luhansk-people-s-re.md) _Context: Kiev, Ukraine_
3. [Ukrainian crisis. Ukrainian intelligence officer and head of a special forces unit, Maksym Shapoval, is assassinated in Kiev by car bomb. ](/news/2017/06/27/ukrainian-crisis-ukrainian-intelligence-officer-and-head-of-a-special-forces-unit-maksym-shapoval-is-assassinated-in-kiev-by-car-bomb.md) _Context: Kiev, Ukraine_
4. [A former Ukrainian soldier assassinates former Russian Duma deputy Denis Voronenkov in the Ukrainian capital Kiev. In December 2016, he received Ukrainian citizenship. Ilya Ponomarev says Voronenkov was heading to a meeting with him. ](/news/2017/03/23/a-former-ukrainian-soldier-assassinates-former-russian-duma-deputy-denis-voronenkov-in-the-ukrainian-capital-kiev-in-december-2016-he-rece.md) _Context: Kiev, Ukraine_
5. [Eurovision Song Contest 2017. Russia-Ukraine relations. The Security Service of Ukraine bans Yuliya Samoylova, Russia's entrant in this year's Eurovision Song Contest, from entering the country. This follows allegations that she had toured in Crimea following its annexation by Russia. ](/news/2017/03/22/eurovision-song-contest-2017-russia-ukraine-relations-the-security-service-of-ukraine-bans-yuliya-samoylova-russia-s-entrant-in-this-ye.md) _Context: Eurovision Song Contest, Eurovision Song Contest_
6. [Ukraine-United States relations. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry arrives in Kiev, Ukraine, where he is expected to discuss ways of ending the conflict in the east of the country. The visit, along with his visit to Georgia yesterday, comes ahead of the NATO summit in Warsaw that will take place tomorrow. ](/news/2016/07/7/ukraine-united-states-relations-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-arrives-in-kiev-ukraine-where-he-is-expected-to-discuss-ways-of-endi.md) _Context: Kiev, Ukraine_
7. [A fire at a home for elderly people near the Ukrainian capital Kiev kills at least 16 people. ](/news/2016/05/29/a-fire-at-a-home-for-elderly-people-near-the-ukrainian-capital-kiev-kills-at-least-16-people.md) _Context: Kiev, Ukraine_
8. [Eurovision Song Contest 2016. Ukraine in the Eurovision Song Contest 2016. Ukraine's Jamala, performing the song "1944", wins the 2016 Eurovision Song Contest in Stockholm, Sweden. ](/news/2016/05/14/eurovision-song-contest-2016-ukraine-in-the-eurovision-song-contest-2016-ukraine-s-jamala-performing-the-song-1944-wins-the-2016-eurov.md) _Context: Eurovision Song Contest, Ukraine_
9. [War in Donbass. The body of Ukrainian lawyer Yurij Grabovsky, who defended two ex-Russian soldiers charged in Eastern Ukraine with terrorism and waging an aggressive war against the country, is found on the grounds of a former farming collective in Zhashkiv, Ukraine. Grabovsky went missing from Kiev on March 9. Information from one of two men being held in this case led police to the remains. ](/news/2016/03/25/war-in-donbass-the-body-of-ukrainian-lawyer-yurij-grabovsky-who-defended-two-ex-russian-soldiers-charged-in-eastern-ukraine-with-terrorism.md) _Context: Kiev, Ukraine_
10. [2014-16 Russian military intervention in Ukraine. Ukraine says that a cyberattack on Boryspil International Airport near Kiev came from Russian computers. ](/news/2016/01/18/2014-16-russian-military-intervention-in-ukraine-ukraine-says-that-a-cyberattack-on-boryspil-international-airport-near-kiev-came-from-ru.md) _Context: Kiev, Ukraine_
