### [2004-01-22](/news/2004/01/22/index.md)

#  Enron Corporation: Richard Causey, former chief accounting officer was indicted in Houston, Texas, on federal charges of securities fraud and conspiracy for his role in masking Enron's faltering fiscal health in late 2001. He has pled not guilty.




### Related:

1. [Heavy rain of more than 1 ft causes major flooding in Houston, Texas, affecting 1,000 homes, causing five deaths and causing power outages for over 100,000 residents. ](/news/2016/04/18/heavy-rain-of-more-than-1-ft-causes-major-flooding-in-houston-texas-affecting-1-000-homes-causing-five-deaths-and-causing-power-outages-f.md) _Context: Houston, Texas_
2. [A man is in custody in Harris County, Texas, after six children and two adults are found dead near the U.S. city of Houston. ](/news/2015/08/8/a-man-is-in-custody-in-harris-county-texas-after-six-children-and-two-adults-are-found-dead-near-the-u-s-city-of-houston.md) _Context: Houston, Texas_
3. [Continental Airlines announces that it plans to lay off 500 staff in Houston, Texas following its merger with United Airlines. ](/news/2011/02/7/continental-airlines-announces-that-it-plans-to-lay-off-500-staff-in-houston-texas-following-its-merger-with-united-airlines.md) _Context: Houston, Texas_
4. [ Richard Causey, former Chief Accounting Officer at Enron is sentenced to 66 months or five and a half years in prison for his role in the collapse of the company. ](/news/2006/11/15/richard-causey-former-chief-accounting-officer-at-enron-is-sentenced-to-66-months-or-five-and-a-half-years-in-prison-for-his-role-in-the-c.md) _Context: Richard Causey_
5. [ Iraqi officials have unconfirmed reports that they have found the bodies of the two U.S. soldiers the American military began looking for at the beginning of this week. The bodies of PFC Kristian Menchaca of Houston, Texas, and PFC Thomas Lowell Tucker of Madras, Oregon showed several signs of torture. ](/news/2006/06/20/iraqi-officials-have-unconfirmed-reports-that-they-have-found-the-bodies-of-the-two-u-s-soldiers-the-american-military-began-looking-for-a.md) _Context: Houston, Texas_
6. [ Ken Lay, former chairman of the board of defunct Enron Corporation, took the stand in his own defense in his criminal trial in Houston, Texas. ](/news/2006/04/24/ken-lay-former-chairman-of-the-board-of-defunct-enron-corporation-took-the-stand-in-his-own-defense-in-his-criminal-trial-in-houston-tex.md) _Context: Enron Corporation_
7. [ The Federal government declares a public health emergency for the Gulf Coast of the United States and launches one of the largest search and rescue missions in history. [http://www.cbsnews.com/sections/i_video/main500251.shtml?channel=eveningnews&clip=/media/2005/08/30/video806624&sec=500371&vidId=500371&title=Evening$@$News$@$Online&hitboxMLC=evening_news_online (CBS Video)] [http://apnews.myway.com/article/20050831/D8CAV2SO0.html (AP via MyWay (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))] New Orleans mayor Ray Nagin states that "hundreds...most likely, thousands" may be dead in his city. The death toll in Biloxi stands at 110. [http://apnews.myway.com/article/20050831/D8CAVI303.html (AP via MyWay (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))] At least 25,000 evacuees, particularly those currently in shelters in Greater New Orleans including the Louisiana Superdome, will be moved to the Reliant Astrodome in Houston, Texas. [http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20050831/ap_on_re_us/katrina_astrodome (Yahoo! News (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))] The United States will release oil from its Strategic Petroleum Reserve to help refineries whose oil supplies have been badly hit by Hurricane Katrina. [http://news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&u=/afp/20050831/pl_afp/usweatheroil_050831130701 (Yahoo! News (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))] Some refineries along the gulf coast are offline and so fuel production is likely to be limited nonetheless](/news/2005/08/31/the-federal-government-declares-a-public-health-emergency-for-the-gulf-coast-of-the-united-states-and-launches-one-of-the-largest-search-an.md) _Context: Houston, Texas_
8. [ A federal judge in Houston, Texas, sentences former Enron executive Dan Boyle to 3 years and 10 months in prison for his involvement with a barge scam with securities firm Merrill Lynch. Two Merrill Lynch executives also receive sentences. ](/news/2005/05/12/a-federal-judge-in-houston-texas-sentences-former-enron-executive-dan-boyle-to-3-years-and-10-months-in-prison-for-his-involvement-with-a.md) _Context: Houston, Texas_
9. [ A Gulfstream II airplane heading to pick up former United States President George H.W. Bush crashes before landing, killing all three people on board, in Houston, Texas. ](/news/2004/11/22/a-gulfstream-ii-airplane-heading-to-pick-up-former-united-states-president-george-h-w-bush-crashes-before-landing-killing-all-three-peopl.md) _Context: Houston, Texas_
10. [ Kenneth Lay, the former Chairman of Enron, is indicted by a grand jury in Houston, Texas. Enron filed for bankruptcy on December 2, 2001, after investigators discovered that it had hidden more than $1 billion in debt and inflated profits. ](/news/2004/07/7/kenneth-lay-the-former-chairman-of-enron-is-indicted-by-a-grand-jury-in-houston-texas-enron-filed-for-bankruptcy-on-december-2-2001-a.md) _Context: Houston, Texas_
