### [2004-01-22](/news/2004/01/22/index.md)

#  Maher Arar sues the United States government for having deported him to Syria and not Canada, his country of citizenship. He was reportedly tortured in Syria.




### Related:

1. [ A judicial panel in Canada finds that Canadian citizen Maher Arar was falsely accused when he was secretly extradited by the United States to Syria, and that he was tortured there. ](/news/2006/09/19/a-judicial-panel-in-canada-finds-that-canadian-citizen-maher-arar-was-falsely-accused-when-he-was-secretly-extradited-by-the-united-states.md) _Context: Maher Arar, Syria_
2. [ Canadian federal election: Monia Mazigh, the wife of former Syrian deportee Maher Arar, announces her run for candidacy with the NDP in the riding of Ottawa South. ](/news/2004/03/10/canadian-federal-election-monia-mazigh-the-wife-of-former-syrian-deportee-maher-arar-announces-her-run-for-candidacy-with-the-ndp-in-the.md) _Context: Maher Arar, Syria_
3. [ Maher Arar is reported to have been freed from a Syrian jail. The Canadian engineer was deported to Syria by the United States as he changed planes in New York, over a year ago. He will arrive in Montreal the following afternoon.](/news/2003/10/5/maher-arar-is-reported-to-have-been-freed-from-a-syrian-jail-the-canadian-engineer-was-deported-to-syria-by-the-united-states-as-he-change.md) _Context: Maher Arar, Syria_
4. [ The Canadian ministry of foreign affairs issues an advisory to Canadians born in Iraq, Iran, Syria, Libya, and Sudan warning them to "consider carefully" whether to go to the United States for "any reason". This follows a US law requiring photos and fingerprints of Canadian citizens born in those countries upon entering the US, as well as the deportation to Syria of Maher Arar, a Canadian citizen. The American ambassador, Paul Cellucci, later assures the Canadian government that all Canadian passport holders will be treated equally; however, further incidents attributed to racial profiling take place.](/news/2002/10/29/the-canadian-ministry-of-foreign-affairs-issues-an-advisory-to-canadians-born-in-iraq-iran-syria-libya-and-sudan-warning-them-to-consi.md) _Context: Maher Arar, Syria_
5. [Russian and Syrian warplanes carry out airstrikes in southern Idlib, killing three civilians and wounding others. ](/news/2017/09/21/russian-and-syrian-warplanes-carry-out-airstrikes-in-southern-idlib-killing-three-civilians-and-wounding-others.md) _Context: Syria_
6. [ISIL militants and their families, estimated to be around 600 people, begin to leave their strongholds on the Lebanon-Syria border and Qalamun Mountains for the Deir ez-Zor Governorate under Syrian military escort. A ceasefire was reached between warring parties yesterday. ](/news/2017/08/28/isil-militants-and-their-families-estimated-to-be-around-600-people-begin-to-leave-their-strongholds-on-the-lebanonasyria-border-and-qal.md) _Context: Syria_
7. [Seven members of the White Helmets are shot dead by unidentified gunmen who stormed their office in rebel-held Sarmin, in northwestern Syria. ](/news/2017/08/12/seven-members-of-the-white-helmets-are-shot-dead-by-unidentified-gunmen-who-stormed-their-office-in-rebel-held-sarmin-in-northwestern-syria.md) _Context: Syria_
8. [The Russian air force bombards the city of Madan and Zor Shamr Camp, south and east of Raqqa, Syria, with cluster bombs, killing six civilians and wounding 19 others. Nearby Alburamadan town was also struck; there are no reports of casualties. ](/news/2017/07/23/the-russian-air-force-bombards-the-city-of-madan-and-zor-shamr-camp-south-and-east-of-raqqa-syria-with-cluster-bombs-killing-six-civilia.md) _Context: Syria_
9. [A man who was yelling "This is for Syria" while attacking a police officer with a hammer near Notre-Dame de Paris, France is shot and wounded by another officer. Prosecutors open a terrorism probe. ](/news/2017/06/6/a-man-who-was-yelling-this-is-for-syria-while-attacking-a-police-officer-with-a-hammer-near-notre-dame-de-paris-france-is-shot-and-wounde.md) _Context: Syria_
10. [ Lebanese Armed Forces are attacked by five suicide bombers and other militants during a raid of two Syrian refugee camps in Arsal near the Syrian border. The army reports a girl was killed in one of the suicide attacks, seven soldiers were also wounded, and 350 people, including several ISIL officials, were detained during the sweep. ](/news/2017/06/30/lebanese-armed-forces-are-attacked-by-five-suicide-bombers-and-other-militants-during-a-raid-of-two-syrian-refugee-camps-in-arsal-near-the.md) _Context: Syria_
