### [2004-01-22](/news/2004/01/22/index.md)

#  Mars Exploration Rover Mission: MER-A "Spirit" rover stops transmitting meaningful data and has thought to have gone into safe mode. The cause of this is unknown but the rover is still able to send back a simple acknowledgement tone.




### Related:

1. [ NASA announces that the mission of Spirit and Opportunity will be extended by five months. ](/news/2004/04/8/nasa-announces-that-the-mission-of-spirit-and-opportunity-will-be-extended-by-five-months.md) _Context: Mars Exploration Rover Mission, Spirit_
2. [ NASA isolates the flash memory aboard "Spirit" as the most probable cause of communications problems; work continues on a method to operate the rover without it. MER-B "Opportunity" successfully lands on Mars and continues communications through all stages.](/news/2004/01/24/nasa-isolates-the-flash-memory-aboard-spirit-as-the-most-probable-cause-of-communications-problems-work-continues-on-a-method-to-operate.md) _Context: Mars Exploration Rover Mission, Spirit_
3. [ Mars Exploration Rover Mission: The "Spirit"'s air bags that cushioned its landing on Mars have been obstructing the vehicle's path, and this complication has postponed its exit of the launch vehicle until Wednesday or Thursday.](/news/2004/01/12/mars-exploration-rover-mission-the-spirit-s-air-bags-that-cushioned-its-landing-on-mars-have-been-obstructing-the-vehicle-s-path-and-th.md) _Context: Mars Exploration Rover Mission, Spirit_
4. [NASA's "Juno" probe, in orbit around Jupiter, enters safe mode. ](/news/2016/10/19/nasa-s-juno-probe-in-orbit-around-jupiter-enters-safe-mode.md) _Context: safe mode_
5. [NASA's Kepler space telescope is placed in a precautionary 10-day safe mode after engineers noticed a problem with the instrument's orientation mechanism. ](/news/2013/01/21/nasa-s-kepler-space-telescope-is-placed-in-a-precautionary-10-day-safe-mode-after-engineers-noticed-a-problem-with-the-instrument-s-orientat.md) _Context: safe mode_
6. [ The NASA Mars Exploration Rover Mission robotic Spirit rover sends back a partial panoramic view from the top of "Husband Hill" at Gusev Crater on Mars. ](/news/2005/09/2/the-nasa-mars-exploration-rover-mission-robotic-spirit-rover-sends-back-a-partial-panoramic-view-from-the-top-of-husband-hill-at-gusev-cr.md) _Context: Mars Exploration Rover Mission_
7. [ The Spirit rover takes the first picture "ever" of Earth from the surface of another planet which happens to be Mars. ](/news/2004/03/11/the-spirit-rover-takes-the-first-picture-ever-of-earth-from-the-surface-of-another-planet-which-happens-to-be-mars.md) _Context: Mars Exploration Rover Mission_
8. [ "Mars Exploration Rover Mission": Mars surface temperatures appear to vary more frequently and dramatically than on Earth, preliminary data from NASA's Opportunity rover shows.](/news/2004/02/13/mars-exploration-rover-mission-mars-surface-temperatures-appear-to-vary-more-frequently-and-dramatically-than-on-earth-preliminary-data.md) _Context: Mars Exploration Rover Mission_
9. [ Exploration of Mars: Engineers at JPL decide to turn the Mars Spirit Rover around on its lander after it was found the airbags could not be retracted enough to allow it to move off in a forward direction. It is expected the rover will drive off sometime next week. The Rover has also stood up and deployed its front wheels.](/news/2004/01/9/exploration-of-mars-engineers-at-jpl-decide-to-turn-the-mars-spirit-rover-around-on-its-lander-after-it-was-found-the-airbags-could-not-be.md) _Context: Spirit_
10. [ Exploration of Mars: The first color images have been released from the Spirit rover on Mars. They are the highest resolution images ever taken on the surface of another planet. It has also been announced by NASA that they plan to name the rover's landing site on Mars "Columbia Memorial Station" in honor of the crew of STS-107.](/news/2004/01/6/exploration-of-mars-the-first-color-images-have-been-released-from-the-spirit-rover-on-mars-they-are-the-highest-resolution-images-ever-t.md) _Context: Spirit_
