### [2004-01-22](/news/2004/01/22/index.md)

#  Staff members of the United States Republican Party are accused of infiltrating Democratic Party computers and making copies of confidential files stored on the compromised computers. The infiltrations reportedly began in early 2002.




### Related:

1. [ Democrat Stephanie Herseth narrowly defeats Republican Larry Diedrich in a closely watched by-election for South Dakota's US House seat. ](/news/2004/06/1/democrat-stephanie-herseth-narrowly-defeats-republican-larry-diedrich-in-a-closely-watched-by-election-for-south-dakota-s-us-house-seat.md) _Context: Democratic Party, Republican_
2. [ U.S. Democratic and Republican leaders in Congress condemn the alleged mistreatment of Iraqi detainees in the strongest terms and call for a congressional investigation. ](/news/2004/05/4/u-s-democratic-and-republican-leaders-in-congress-condemn-the-alleged-mistreatment-of-iraqi-detainees-in-the-strongest-terms-and-call-for.md) _Context: Democratic Party, Republican_
3. [ U.S. presidential election : An advertisement for John Kerry placed in a newspaper in Gulfport, Florida by a local Democratic Party club gets negative national publicity, as it suggests shooting United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld. The ad was placed by the Saint Petersburg Democratic Club of Florida, and has been condemned by both Republicans and Democrats, including Kerry's campaign. ](/news/2004/04/14/u-s-presidential-election-an-advertisement-for-john-kerry-placed-in-a-newspaper-in-gulfport-florida-by-a-local-democratic-party-club-ge.md) _Context: Democratic Party, Republican_
4. [ In Louisiana, conservative Democrat Kathleen Blanco defeats Republican Bobby Jindal to become the first woman in that state to be elected governor. Jindal is the son of immigrants from India.](/news/2003/11/15/in-louisiana-conservative-democrat-kathleen-blanco-defeats-republican-bobby-jindal-to-become-the-first-woman-in-that-state-to-be-elected-g.md) _Context: Democratic Party, Republican_
5. [ "The Guardian" reports that the Republican Party of Texas had the help of the United States Department of Homeland Security to track down several Democratic Party state legislators who had fled the state to prevent the state's House of Representatives from meeting with a quorum.](/news/2003/05/16/the-guardian-reports-that-the-republican-party-of-texas-had-the-help-of-the-united-states-department-of-homeland-security-to-track-down-s.md) _Context: Democratic Party, Republican_
6. [U.S. Senator Bob Bennett, Republican from Utah, is ousted from his party's primary ballot at the state's Republican convention, meaning he will not have a chance for a fourth term. ](/news/2010/05/8/u-s-senator-bob-bennett-republican-from-utah-is-ousted-from-his-party-s-primary-ballot-at-the-state-s-republican-convention-meaning-he-w.md) _Context: Republican_
7. [ Rep. Mark Foley, R-Fla., resigns from the United States House of Representatives in the wake of questions about e-mails and instant messages he wrote to a former Capitol page. ](/news/2006/09/29/rep-mark-foley-r-fla-resigns-from-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-in-the-wake-of-questions-about-e-mails-and-instant-message.md) _Context: Republican_
8. [ United States Senate Republicans and the Bush administration announce an agreement on interrogation methods and the trial of suspects in the War on Terror. ](/news/2006/09/21/united-states-senate-republicans-and-the-bush-administration-announce-an-agreement-on-interrogation-methods-and-the-trial-of-suspects-in-th.md) _Context: Republican_
9. [ The United States House of Representatives reject a Republican resolution offered by Duncan Hunter (R-California) "expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the deployment of United States forces in Iraq be terminated immediately" by a vote of 403-3. Ohio Republican Jean Schmidt is forced by Democratic (and quiet Republican) protests to apologise to Pennsylvania Democrat John Murtha for quoting a Marine who said those wishing to "cut and run" from Iraq are called "cowards" The Marine she claimed to be quoting told he never said any such thing. ](/news/2005/11/18/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-reject-a-republican-resolution-offered-by-duncan-hunter-r-california-expressing-the-sense-of.md) _Context: Republican_
10. [ U.S. Congressman Rob Portman (R-Ohio) was nominated by President George W. Bush to be the United States Trade Representative, replacing Robert Zoellick. Portman is subject to Senate confirmation. (Reuters) [http://edition.cnn.com/2005/BUSINESS/03/17/us.trade.rep.reut/]](/news/2005/03/17/u-s-congressman-rob-portman-r-ohio-was-nominated-by-president-george-w-bush-to-be-the-united-states-trade-representative-replacing-rob.md) _Context: Republican_
