### [2014-04-17](/news/2014/04/17/index.md)

# 2014 South Korean ferry capsizing:. Republic of Korea Coast Guard and Navy divers resume the search for 290 missing people from yesterday's ferry capsizing off the coast of the island of Jindo. 

By Jungmin Jang and Narae Kim MOKPO/JINDO, South Korea (Reuters) - Rescuers struggled with strong waves and murky waters on Thursday as they searched for hundreds of people, most of them teenagers from the same school, still missing after a South Korean ferry capsized on Wednesday. The vessel, carrying


### Source:

1. [Reuters via Yahoo](http://news.yahoo.com/advisory-story-father-reporting-contact-survivor-aboard-south-005020330--sector.html;_ylt=AwrBEiEnK09TwT0AnjjQtDMD)

### Related:

1. [2014 South Korean ferry capsizing:. Yonhap news agency reports that the Republic of Korea Coast Guard has been dispatched to rescue a ferry with 476 passengers sinking off the southeastern coast of South Korea with claims that at least four passengers have died and scores are injured. Approximately 280 people remain unaccounted for. ](/news/2014/04/16/2014-south-korean-ferry-capsizing-yonhap-news-agency-reports-that-the-republic-of-korea-coast-guard-has-been-dispatched-to-rescue-a-ferry.md) _Context: 2014 South Korean ferry capsizing, Republic of Korea Coast Guard_
2. [Korean border incidents. The South Korean Navy fires warning shots at a North Korean patrol boat after it crossed the Northern Limit Line in the Yellow Sea and entered South Korean-controlled waters. As of 2016, North Korea refuses to recognize the so-called Northern Limit Line, that was drawn up at the end of the Korean War. ](/news/2016/02/8/korean-border-incidents-the-south-korean-navy-fires-warning-shots-at-a-north-korean-patrol-boat-after-it-crossed-the-northern-limit-line-in.md) _Context: South Korean Navy_
3. [Korean maritime border incidents:. South Korean media claims that North Korea fired shells in a disputed area near a Republic of Korea Navy ship. ](/news/2014/05/22/korean-maritime-border-incidents-south-korean-media-claims-that-north-korea-fired-shells-in-a-disputed-area-near-a-republic-of-korea-navy.md) _Context: South Korean Navy_
4. [The Republic of Korea Navy fires warning shots at 3 Korean People's Navy patrol boats after they violated South Korean waters. ](/news/2014/05/21/the-republic-of-korea-navy-fires-warning-shots-at-3-korean-people-s-navy-patrol-boats-after-they-violated-south-korean-waters.md) _Context: South Korean Navy_
5. [Sinking of the MV "Sewol":. Park Geun-Hye, the President of South Korea, announces that the Republic of Korea Coast Guard will be broken up in the wake of the ferry disaster. ](/news/2014/05/19/sinking-of-the-mv-sewol-park-geun-hye-the-president-of-south-korea-announces-that-the-republic-of-korea-coast-guard-will-be-broken-up.md) _Context: Republic of Korea Coast Guard_
6. [2014 South Korean ferry capsizing. A total of 113 people are known to have died, with 190 more passengers missing and presumed trapped inside the vessel. Seven crew members are detained for their failure to evacuate Sewol ferry. The reason for sinking is not yet clear. ](/news/2014/04/22/2014-south-korean-ferry-capsizing-a-total-of-113-people-are-known-to-have-died-with-190-more-passengers-missing-and-presumed-trapped-insid.md) _Context: 2014 South Korean ferry capsizing_
7. [2014 South Korean ferry capsizing:. South Korean President Park Geun-hye condemns the action of crew members as tantamount to murder. 87 people are known to have died and 238 are missing and presumed dead in the sinking of Sewol ferry on 16 April. ](/news/2014/04/21/2014-south-korean-ferry-capsizing-south-korean-president-park-geun-hye-condemns-the-action-of-crew-members-as-tantamount-to-murder-87-peo.md) _Context: 2014 South Korean ferry capsizing_
8. [2014 South Korean ferry capsizing:. The death toll rises to 58 as Navy and Coast Guard divers comb the ferry to retrieve victims from the Sewol. Five routes into the ferry have been established, and operations are expected to pick up pace. ](/news/2014/04/20/2014-south-korean-ferry-capsizing-the-death-toll-rises-to-58-as-navy-and-coast-guard-divers-comb-the-ferry-to-retrieve-victims-from-the-se.md) _Context: 2014 South Korean ferry capsizing_
9. [2014 South Korean ferry capsizing:. The death toll of the accident rises to 32 as two bodies are found in the sea and three in a cabin of the ferry, which became fully submerged yesterday. ](/news/2014/04/19/2014-south-korean-ferry-capsizing-the-death-toll-of-the-accident-rises-to-32-as-two-bodies-are-found-in-the-sea-and-three-in-a-cabin-of-th.md) _Context: 2014 South Korean ferry capsizing_
10. [2014 South Korean ferry capsizing:. The death toll of the accident rises to 28. ](/news/2014/04/18/2014-south-korean-ferry-capsizing-the-death-toll-of-the-accident-rises-to-28.md) _Context: 2014 South Korean ferry capsizing_
