### [2010-06-25](/news/2010/06/25/index.md)

# Christopher Coke, sent to United States territory by Jamaica, pleads not guilty to United States charges of drug smuggling at a federal court in New York and, in his first public comments since August, says he took the decision to be extradited "in the best interest of my family, the community of western Kingston and in particular the people of Tivoli Gardens and above all Jamaica". 

Evangelical preacher Merrick &#039;Al&#039; Miller was hit with criminal charges late yesterday, 48 hours after a nationwide manhunt ended with fugitive Christopher &#039;Dudus&#039; Coke being...


### Source:

1. [Aljazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/americas/2010/06/2010625183920605809.html)
2. [Jamaica Gleaner](http://www.jamaica-gleaner.com/gleaner/20100625/lead/lead3.html)
2. [Cover Image](http://jamaica-gleaner.com/sites/default/files/styles/250px/public/article_images/2010/06/25/almillerreleaseb20100624rm.jpg?itok=TA1MG-kF)

### Related:

1. [Christopher Coke walks into a police station on the outskirts of Kingston, Jamaica and is detained, following search efforts which killed more than 70 people last month. The United States accuses him of being the Shower Posse leader, which it alleges operates an international drugs and guns network. ](/news/2010/06/22/christopher-coke-walks-into-a-police-station-on-the-outskirts-of-kingston-jamaica-and-is-detained-following-search-efforts-which-killed-mo.md) _Context: Americans, Christopher "Dudus" Coke, Jamaica, Kingston_
2. [The Jamaican Government orders civilians to keep off the streets for two days in several slums in Kingston because authorities are still hunting for Christopher Coke, alleged by the United States to be a drug lord. ](/news/2010/06/16/the-jamaican-government-orders-civilians-to-keep-off-the-streets-for-two-days-in-several-slums-in-kingston-because-authorities-are-still-hun.md) _Context: Americans, Christopher "Dudus" Coke, Jamaica, Kingston_
3. [Two missionaries from the United States are found slain in separate areas of rural St. Mary parish in Jamaica. Randy Hentzel and Harold Nichols both worked for a Pennsylvania-based Christian charity called Teams for Medical Missions. ](/news/2016/05/1/two-missionaries-from-the-united-states-are-found-slain-in-separate-areas-of-rural-st-mary-parish-in-jamaica-randy-hentzel-and-harold-nich.md) _Context: Americans, Jamaica_
4. [A group of United States mayors forms ""Mayors Against Discrimination"" in the wake of recent discriminatory laws enacted in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminatory-laws-enacted-in-north-carolina.md) _Context: Americans, New York City_
5. [Two people are killed and 35 injured when a United States Amtrak passenger train on the Palmetto route traveling from New York City to Savannah, Georgia, with 341 passengers and seven crew on board, derails in Chester, Pennsylvania, after striking a backhoe that was on the track. Local media reports the deceased are veteran Amtrak workers. Area hospitals are treating the injured; none in life-threatening condition. ](/news/2016/04/3/two-people-are-killed-and-35-injured-when-a-united-states-amtrak-passenger-train-on-the-palmetto-route-traveling-from-new-york-city-to-savan.md) _Context: Americans, New York City_

### Changes:

1. [Christopher Coke: Christopher Coke, sent to United States territory by Jamaica, pleads not guilty to United States charges of drug smuggling at a federal court in New York and, in his first public comments since August, says he took the decision to be extradited "in the best interest of my family, the community of western Kingston and in particular the people of Tivoli Gardens and above all Jamaica". ](/news/2010/06/25/christopher-coke-pchristopher-coke-sent-to-united-states-territory-by-jamaica-pleads-not-guilty-to-united-states-charges-of-drug-smugglin.md) _2017-05-25 03:29:27 (First version)_
2. [Christopher Coke:Christopher Coke, sent to United States territory by Jamaica, pleads not guilty to United States charges of drug smuggling at a federal court in New York and, in his first public comments since August, says he took the decision to be extradited "in the best interest of my family, the community of western Kingston and in particular the people of Tivoli Gardens and above all Jamaica". ](/news/2010/06/25/christopher-coke-pchristopher-coke-sent-to-united-states-territory-by-jamaica-pleads-not-guilty-to-united-states-charges-of-drug-smuggling.md) _2017-08-25 03:28:26 (Update)_
3. [Christopher Coke:: Christopher Coke, sent to United States territory by Jamaica, pleads not guilty to United States charges of drug smuggling at a federal court in New York and, in his first public comments since August, says he took the decision to be extradited "in the best interest of my family, the community of western Kingston and in particular the people of Tivoli Gardens and above all Jamaica". ](/news/2010/06/25/christopher-coke-christopher-coke-sent-to-united-states-territory-by-jamaica-pleads-not-guilty-to-united-states-charges-of-drug-smugglin.md) _2017-08-27 03:28:25 (Update)_
3. [Christopher Coke, sent to United States territory by Jamaica, pleads not guilty to United States charges of drug smuggling at a federal court in New York and, in his first public comments since August, says he took the decision to be extradited "in the best interest of my family, the community of western Kingston and in particular the people of Tivoli Gardens and above all Jamaica". ](/news/2010/06/25/christopher-coke-sent-to-united-states-territory-by-jamaica-pleads-not-guilty-to-united-states-charges-of-drug-smuggling-at-a-federal-cour.md) _(Current version)_
