### [2010-06-25](/news/2010/06/25/index.md)

# In response to the mortars fired into Israel that hit a government building, Israeli warplanes bomb smuggling tunnels between Egypt and the Gaza Strip, with one person being wounded in an air attack in Rafah. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Google](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5g_T_uxXmE8iluIwqfnVd6pYVgc5Q)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2010/WORLD/meast/06/25/israel.tunnels/?hpt=Sbin)
3. [Press TV](http://www.presstv.ir/detail.aspx?id=131912&sectionid=351020202)

### Related:

1. [Sinai insurgency: Four Egyptian security personnel are killed and another four are injured by a roadside bomb near the border town Rafah in the Sinai Peninsula. Islamist militants are suspected to have remotely detonated the device as an armored vehicle drove by the town's center, near the border with the Gaza Strip and Israel, security sources told Ahram Online. ](/news/2015/12/8/sinai-insurgency-four-egyptian-security-personnel-are-killed-and-another-four-are-injured-by-a-roadside-bomb-near-the-border-town-rafah-in.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip, Israel, Rafah_
2. [Middle East:: Israeli warplanes bomb a smuggling tunnel east of Rafah in the southern Gaza Strip in an early morning raid close to the Egyptian border in response to a Palestinian rocket attack which landed in an open area south of the city of Ashkelon, causing no damage or casualties. ](/news/2010/03/22/middle-east-israeli-warplanes-bomb-a-smuggling-tunnel-east-of-rafah-in-the-southern-gaza-strip-in-an-early-morning-raid-close-to-the-egypt.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip, Israel, Rafah_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli Airstrikes on Palestinian targets continue, with the Israel Defense Forces firing missiles in Gaza, knocking out the power supply to the East of the city, the Khan Yunis refugee camp and Rafah. Hamas had earlier declared an end to rocket attacks following pressure from the Palestinian National Authority and Egypt. ](/news/2005/09/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-targets-continue-with-the-israel-defense-forces-firing-missiles-in-gaza-k.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip, Israel, Rafah_
4. [Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel: For the second time this week, a rocket fired from Gaza lands in Israel. There were no immediate reports of injuries, or claims of responsibility. ](/news/2015/06/6/palestinian-rocket-attacks-on-israel-for-the-second-time-this-week-a-rocket-fired-from-gaza-lands-in-israel-there-were-no-immediate-repor.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
5. [Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel: A rocket fired from the Gaza Strip towards the Ashkelon region fell short and did not land in Israel with Palestinian sources indicating it may have hit a house. There were no immediate reports of injuries, or claims of responsibility. Journalists speculate that ISIL-affiliated groups are responsible. ](/news/2015/06/11/palestinian-rocket-attacks-on-israel-a-rocket-fired-from-the-gaza-strip-towards-the-ashkelon-region-fell-short-and-did-not-land-in-israel-w.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
6. [Sinai Insurgency: The Egyptian government closes the Rafah border crossing with Gaza and will set up a buffer zone after a series of attacks which were reported to have been launched using smuggling tunnels from Gaza. ](/news/2014/10/26/sinai-insurgency-the-egyptian-government-closes-the-rafah-border-crossing-with-gaza-and-will-set-up-a-buffer-zone-after-a-series-of-attacks.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip, Rafah_
7. [2014 Israel-Gaza conflict: Israeli ground forces will leave the Gaza Strip ahead of an Egyptian mediated ceasefire starting at 0500 GMT today. ](/news/2014/08/5/2014-israel-gaza-conflict-israeli-ground-forces-will-leave-the-gaza-strip-ahead-of-an-egyptian-mediated-ceasefire-starting-at-0500-gmt-to.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip, Israel_
8. [2014 Israel-Gaza conflict:: On the 50th day of the conflict, an internationally supported long-term truce is reached where the borders of Gaza, Egypt, and Israel are opened for humanitarian and reconstruction supplies and the Gaza fishing zone is extended to 6 km. Other issues such as an airport/seaport and the Israeli demand for demilitarization will be negotiated within a month. ](/news/2014/08/26/2014-israel-gaza-conflict-on-the-50th-day-of-the-conflict-an-internationally-supported-long-term-truce-is-reached-where-the-borders-of.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip, Israel_
9. [Operation Pillar of Defense:: Israeli air strikes kill at least 20 Palestinians in the Gaza Strip including Islamic Jihad members, while over 130 rockets are fired towards Israel injuring several, amid ceasefire talks in Egypt. ](/news/2012/11/19/operation-pillar-of-defense-israeli-air-strikes-kill-at-least-20-palestinians-in-the-gaza-strip-including-islamic-jihad-members-while-ove.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip, Israel_
10. [Following over 150 rockets being fired into Israel over the past four days from Gaza and attacks by Israel, Egypt has mediated a truce. Both Hamas and Ehud Barak praise the efforts for peace. ](/news/2012/11/13/following-over-150-rockets-being-fired-into-israel-over-the-past-four-days-from-gaza-and-attacks-by-israel-egypt-has-mediated-a-truce-both.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip, Israel_
