### [2010-06-25](/news/2010/06/25/index.md)

# Statues of 4 Chinese leaders, Mao Zedong, Deng Xiaoping, Jiang Zemin, Hu Jintao, are unveiled in Sichuan. 




### Source:

1. [Global Times](http://china.globaltimes.cn/day-photo/2010-06/545676_4.html)

### Related:

1. [ Kuomintang Chairman Lien Chan meets with Communist Party of China Secretary-General Hu Jintao in the highest level contact between leaders of the two parties since the meeting of Chiang Kai-shek and Mao Zedong in August 1945 at the end of the Second Sino-Japanese War. [http://news.ft.com/cms/s/85702204-b864-11d9-bc7c-00000e2511c8.html]](/news/2005/04/29/kuomintang-chairman-lien-chan-meets-with-communist-party-of-china-secretary-general-hu-jintao-in-the-highest-level-contact-between-leaders.md) _Context: Hu Jintao, Mao Zedong_
2. [ The former General Secretary of the Communist Party of China, Jiang Zemin, resigns from his last official post, the Chairman of the Central Military Commission, and is replaced by Hu Jintao. ](/news/2004/09/19/the-former-general-secretary-of-the-communist-party-of-china-jiang-zemin-resigns-from-his-last-official-post-the-chairman-of-the-central.md) _Context: Hu Jintao, Jiang Zemin_
3. [ Hu Jintao is elected President of the People's Republic of China by the National People's Congress by a vote of 2,937 to 4 with three abstentions. His predecessor, Jiang Zemin, steps down after serving the maximum of two five-year terms.](/news/2003/03/15/hu-jintao-is-elected-president-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-by-the-national-people-s-congress-by-a-vote-of-2-937-to-4-with-three-abste.md) _Context: Hu Jintao, Jiang Zemin_
4. [ General Secretary of the Communist Party of China Jiang Zemin announced several key policies at the 16th National Congress of the Communist Party of China in Beijing. Although Marxism-Leninism would remain the official ideology of China, entrepreneurs and people in unconventional occupations, who are building "socialism with Chinese characteristics", would have a voice in establishing Communist Party ideology. Mr. Jiang is preparing to yield the position of General Secretary of the Party to Hu Jintao, but will maintain the presidency.](/news/2002/11/8/general-secretary-of-the-communist-party-of-china-jiang-zemin-announced-several-key-policies-at-the-16th-national-congress-of-the-communist.md) _Context: Hu Jintao, Jiang Zemin_
5. [The Communist Party of China names former Secretary of the Secretariat Hu Jintao as its General Secretary, replacing Jiang Zemin. Jiang will remain President until Spring 2003.](/news/2002/11/15/the-communist-party-of-china-names-former-secretary-of-the-secretariat-hu-jintao-as-its-general-secretary-replacing-jiang-zemin-jiang-will.md) _Context: Hu Jintao, Jiang Zemin_
6. [A magnitude 7.0 earthquake strikes Sichuan in southwest China, killing at least thirteen people and injuring more than 175. ](/news/2017/08/8/a-magnitude-7-0-earthquake-strikes-sichuan-in-southwest-china-killing-at-least-thirteen-people-and-injuring-more-than-175.md) _Context: Sichuan_
7. [Ling Jihua, former top aide to paramount leader Hu Jintao, is sentenced to life in prison for illegally obtaining state secrets and taking over $11 million in bribes. Ling's misfortunes started when he was accused of trying to cover up a scandal connected to his 23-year-old son's deadly crash in a Ferrari in 2012. ](/news/2016/07/4/ling-jihua-former-top-aide-to-paramount-leader-hu-jintao-is-sentenced-to-life-in-prison-for-illegally-obtaining-state-secrets-and-taking-o.md) _Context: Hu Jintao_
8. [Authorities in China sentence Huang Yu, a computer technician from Sichuan who worked for a government department which handled state secrets, to death for leaking more than 150,000 classified documents to an unidentified foreign power. The documents in question covered secrets ranging from the ruling Communist Party to military and financial issues. ](/news/2016/04/19/authorities-in-china-sentence-huang-yu-a-computer-technician-from-sichuan-who-worked-for-a-government-department-which-handled-state-secret.md) _Context: Sichuan_
9. [Wei Hong is removed as the Governor of China's Sichuan province due to perceived disloyalty to the Communist Party. ](/news/2016/02/5/wei-hong-is-removed-as-the-governor-of-china-s-sichuan-province-due-to-perceived-disloyalty-to-the-communist-party.md) _Context: Sichuan_
10. [Wei Hong resigns as Governor of Sichuan province in China after it was revealed that he was undergoing investigation for "breaching party discipline." Former World Health Organization executive committee member Yin Li becomes acting governor. ](/news/2016/01/22/wei-hong-resigns-as-governor-of-sichuan-province-in-china-after-it-was-revealed-that-he-was-undergoing-investigation-for-breaching-party-di.md) _Context: Sichuan_
