### [2003-02-1](/news/2003/02/1/index.md)

#  Space Shuttle Columbia incident: The Space Shuttle Columbia was reported to have disintegrated over Texas on its final approach to a landing after its 28th space mission. All seven crew members were killed in the disaster. It was later discovered that a piece of foam insulation had broken off the external fuel tank and punctured a hole in the left wing during launch.




### Related:

1. [ Documents revealed under Freedom of Information legislation reveals that NASA paid $26.6 million to families of the astronauts aboard the Space Shuttle "Columbia" when it disintegrated during re-entry in 2003. ](/news/2007/04/15/documents-revealed-under-freedom-of-information-legislation-reveals-that-nasa-paid-26-6-million-to-families-of-the-astronauts-aboard-the-s.md) _Context: Space Shuttle ''Columbia'', disintegrated during re-entry_
2. [ Space Shuttle program: Columbia Accident Investigation Board (CAIB) releases 200 page final dossier over the space shuttle Columbia's destruction (and the death of its seven astronauts). It states the cause is from NASA's cultural traits, lack of funds, and insufficient safety program.](/news/2003/08/26/space-shuttle-program-columbia-accident-investigation-board-caib-releases-200-page-final-dossier-over-the-space-shuttle-columbia-s-destr.md) _Context: Space Shuttle ''Columbia'', disintegrated during re-entry_
3. [ The Space Shuttle Columbia launches on its last mission STS-107. It disintegrated on re-entry 16 days later.](/news/2003/01/16/the-space-shuttle-columbia-launches-on-its-last-mission-sts-107-it-disintegrated-on-re-entry-16-days-later.md) _Context: STS-107, Space Shuttle ''Columbia''_
4. [Qatar announces it will donate USD$ 30 million to help people in Texas recover from Harvey. ](/news/2017/09/7/qatar-announces-it-will-donate-usd-30-million-to-help-people-in-texas-recover-from-harvey.md) _Context: Texas_
5. [At least eight people have died in the American state of Texas with 30,000 residents in the city of Houston expected to seek temporary shelter. ](/news/2017/08/28/at-least-eight-people-have-died-in-the-american-state-of-texas-with-30-000-residents-in-the-city-of-houston-expected-to-seek-temporary-shelt.md) _Context: Texas_
6. [The death toll from Hurricane Harvey in the American city of Houston, Texas, rises to three with several more days of heavy rain causing "catastrophic" floods to come. ](/news/2017/08/27/the-death-toll-from-hurricane-harvey-in-the-american-city-of-houston-texas-rises-to-three-with-several-more-days-of-heavy-rain-causing-ca.md) _Context: Texas_
7. [Tropical depression Harvey becomes a hurricane, expected to make landfall on the Texas coast at Category 3, bringing life-threatening storm surge, rainfall, and wind hazards. ](/news/2017/08/24/tropical-depression-harvey-becomes-a-hurricane-expected-to-make-landfall-on-the-texas-coast-at-category-3-bringing-life-threatening-storm.md) _Context: Texas_
8. [Berkshire Hathaway Inc. agrees to pay USD $9 billion to buy the parent of Texas power transmission company Oncor Electric Delivery. ](/news/2017/07/7/berkshire-hathaway-inc-agrees-to-pay-usd-9-billion-to-buy-the-parent-of-texas-power-transmission-company-oncor-electric-delivery.md) _Context: Texas_
9. [At least 7 people are killed in the US states of Missouri, Arkansas and Texas due to tornadoes and floods. ](/news/2017/04/29/at-least-7-people-are-killed-in-the-us-states-of-missouri-arkansas-and-texas-due-to-tornadoes-and-floods.md) _Context: Texas_
10. [Arkansas becomes the first U.S. state since Texas in 2000 to hold two executions on the same day as executes convicted murderers Jack Jones, Jr. and Marcel Williams. ](/news/2017/04/24/arkansas-becomes-the-first-u-s-state-since-texas-in-2000-to-hold-two-executions-on-the-same-day-as-executes-convicted-murderers-jack-jones.md) _Context: Texas_
