### [2012-08-4](/news/2012/08/4/index.md)

# Heavy rains in the Indian state of Uttarakhand causes the loss of at least six lives in floods and landslides. 

Three jawans of fire services were among six persons killed as torrential rains continued to pound Uttarakhand on Saturday triggering landslides and flash floods which flattened homes and stranded hundreds of pilgrims with the Chardham Yatra coming to a grinding halt.


### Source:

1. [The Times of India](http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/Heavy-rains-create-havoc-in-Uttarakhand-Chardham-Yatra-suspended/articleshow/15349436.cms)

### Related:

1. [At least 20 people die as an Indian military helicopter trying to rescue victims of the floods in the Himalayan state of Uttarakhand crashes, killing all on board. ](/news/2013/06/26/at-least-20-people-die-as-an-indian-military-helicopter-trying-to-rescue-victims-of-the-floods-in-the-himalayan-state-of-uttarakhand-crashes.md) _Context: India, Uttarakhand_
2. [Flash floods in India's Uttarakhand state kill 12 people with up to 40 missing. ](/news/2012/08/5/flash-floods-in-india-s-uttarakhand-state-kill-12-people-with-up-to-40-missing.md) _Context: India, Uttarakhand_
3. [Indian elections:Counting begins in state elections in the Indian states of Uttar Pradesh, Punjab, Manipur, Uttarakhand and Goa. ](/news/2012/03/6/indian-elections-pcounting-begins-in-state-elections-in-the-indian-states-of-uttar-pradesh-punjab-manipur-uttarakhand-and-goa.md) _Context: India, Uttarakhand_
4. [At least 16 people are killed in a stampede during a religious festival in the Indian city of Haridwar, Uttarakhand. ](/news/2011/11/8/at-least-16-people-are-killed-in-a-stampede-during-a-religious-festival-in-the-indian-city-of-haridwar-uttarakhand.md) _Context: India, Uttarakhand_
5. [22 people are killed after a bus falls into a gorge in Uttarakhand, northern India. ](/news/2011/01/6/22-people-are-killed-after-a-bus-falls-into-a-gorge-in-uttarakhand-northern-india.md) _Context: India, Uttarakhand_
6. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/no-dispute-with-bhutan-in-doklam-china/articleshow/59456533.cms (The Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: India_
7. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
8. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
9. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: India_
10. [At least 7 people are killed and 15 injured after gunmen fire upon a pilgrimage bus and a police vehicle, on the 11th day of the Amarnath Yatra pilgrimage in the Indian city of Anantnag. The attack is believed to be terror-related. ](/news/2017/07/10/at-least-7-people-are-killed-and-15-injured-after-gunmen-fire-upon-a-pilgrimage-bus-and-a-police-vehicle-on-the-11th-day-of-the-amarnath-ya.md) _Context: India_
