### [2013-12-13](/news/2013/12/13/index.md)

# A three-day summit is held in Tokyo between the leaders of Japan and ASEAN that will likely discuss the recent encroachment of China. 

Japan and SE Asian leaders pledge to work together to ensure &quot;freedom of overflight&quot;, in an apparent rebuke to China over its air defence zone.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-25345156)

### Related:

1. [Japan accuses three Chinese surveillance ships of entering the territorial waters of Tokyo-controlled Senkaku Islands. ](/news/2013/04/1/japan-accuses-three-chinese-surveillance-ships-of-entering-the-territorial-waters-of-tokyo-controlled-senkaku-islands.md) _Context: Japan, People's Republic of China, Tokyo_
2. [Japan's ambassador designate to China, Shinichi Nishimiya, dies after suddenly collapsing outside his home in Tokyo on Thursday. ](/news/2012/09/16/japan-s-ambassador-designate-to-china-shinichi-nishimiya-dies-after-suddenly-collapsing-outside-his-home-in-tokyo-on-thursday.md) _Context: Japan, People's Republic of China, Tokyo_
3. [Typhoon Mindulle is forecast to make landfall near the Japanese capital Tokyo with flights and train services being cancelled. It arrives one day after Typhoon Kompasu. ](/news/2016/08/22/typhoon-mindulle-is-forecast-to-make-landfall-near-the-japanese-capital-tokyo-with-flights-and-train-services-being-cancelled-it-arrives-on.md) _Context: Japan, Tokyo_
4. [Japan summons China's ambassador, Cheng Yonghua, to Tokyo after a People's Liberation Army Navy warship sailed close to its territorial waters near the disputed Senkaku Islands in the East China Sea for the first time. ](/news/2016/06/9/japan-summons-china-s-ambassador-cheng-yonghua-to-tokyo-after-a-people-s-liberation-army-navy-warship-sailed-close-to-its-territorial-wate.md) _Context: Japan, People's Republic of China_
5. [Yoichi Masuzoe resigns as the Governor of the Japanese capital Tokyo over a political funding scandal. He was due to face a no-confidence motion in the Tokyo Metropolitan Assembly later today. ](/news/2016/06/15/yaichi-masuzoe-resigns-as-the-governor-of-the-japanese-capital-tokyo-over-a-political-funding-scandal-he-was-due-to-face-a-no-confidence-m.md) _Context: Japan, Tokyo_
6. [Thousands protest outside the Japanese parliament in Tokyo against the  relocation of a U.S. military base on Okinawa Island. Residents cite noise, pollution, and crime as reasons for not wanting a new base built. ](/news/2016/02/21/thousands-protest-outside-the-japanese-parliament-in-tokyo-against-the-relocation-of-a-u-s-military-base-on-okinawa-island-residents-cite.md) _Context: Japan, Tokyo_
7. [Japan deploys two MIM-104 Patriot surface-to-air missile interceptor systems in Tokyo in preparation for any North Korean ballistic missiles potentially heading for the city. The deployment comes amid concerns of an imminent North Korean missile launch following the detection of "increased activity" at a North Korean missile facility. ](/news/2016/01/31/japan-deploys-two-mim-104-patriot-surface-to-air-missile-interceptor-systems-in-tokyo-in-preparation-for-any-north-korean-ballistic-missiles.md) _Context: Japan, Tokyo_
8. [In Tokyo, Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull says his country is "very disappointed" with Japan's decision to resume whaling, but this dispute should not be allowed to hurt the two countries' special strategic ties. Malcolm Turnbull, who replaced Tony Abbott in September,  is on his first visit to Japan which will include talks with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. ](/news/2015/12/18/in-tokyo-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-says-his-country-is-avery-disappointeda-with-japanas-decision-to-resume-whaling.md) _Context: Japan, Tokyo_
9. [An  explosion at Japan's controversial Yasukuni Shrine for the war dead in Tokyo damages the ceiling and a wall of a public bathroom near the shrine's southern entrance. No one was injured. ](/news/2015/11/23/an-explosion-at-japan-s-controversial-yasukuni-shrine-for-the-war-dead-in-tokyo-damages-the-ceiling-and-a-wall-of-a-public-bathroom-near-th.md) _Context: Japan, Tokyo_
10. [Japan's prime minister Shinzo Abe says he is considering sending Japanese Navy warships to the South China Sea to back-up U.S. naval operations, saying, "With regard to activity by the Self-Defense Forces in the South China Sea, I will consider it while focusing on what effect the situation has on Japan's security." In response, China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesperson, Hong Lei, told Chinese state media that China will remain on "high alert for intervention by Japan in the South China Sea issue". ](/news/2015/11/21/japan-s-prime-minister-shinza-abe-says-he-is-considering-sending-japanese-navy-warships-to-the-south-china-sea-to-back-up-u-s-naval-operat.md) _Context: Japan, People's Republic of China_
