### [2017-04-21](/news/2017/04/21/index.md)

# 2014-17 Venezuelan protests: Venezuelan authorities report 12 people were killed overnight in the capital Caracas, mostly in the El Valle working class neighborhood where 54 people, including newborn babies, were forced to evacuate a maternity hospital. Others have fled to Colombia. This death toll during the three weeks of anti-government protests is 20. 

The death toll in three weeks of violence at anti-government protests in Venezuela jumped to 20 people after a night of clashes and pillaging left 12 people dead in Caracas. Riot police and pro-government vigilantes fought running battles with protesters demanding the ouster of President Nicolas Maduro


### Source:

1. [AP via ''The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/gm-quits-venezuela-after-government-seizes-its-factory/2017/04/20/05601694-262c-11e7-928e-3624539060e8_story.html)
2. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/04/21/venezuelans-flee-across-border-colombia-caracas-braces-protests/)
3. [Yahoo! News](https://sg.news.yahoo.com/man-fatally-shot-during-protest-venezuelan-capital-official-130549182.html)

### Related:

1. [2014-17 Venezuelan protests: Venezuelans continue their march against President Nicolas Maduro with thousands flocking into the streets of Caracas for a second day. ](/news/2017/04/20/2014-17-venezuelan-protests-venezuelans-continue-their-march-against-president-nicola-s-maduro-with-thousands-flocking-into-the-streets-o.md) _Context: 2014-17 Venezuelan protests, Caracas, Venezuela_
2. [2014-17 Venezuelan protests: Venezuelan security forces clash with opposition demonstrators in the so-called "Mother of All Marches" against President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas. Two students and a National Guard sergeant are shot dead. ](/news/2017/04/19/2014-17-venezuelan-protests-venezuelan-security-forces-clash-with-opposition-demonstrators-in-the-so-called-mother-of-all-marches-again.md) _Context: 2014-17 Venezuelan protests, Caracas, Venezuela_
3. [President of Venezuela Hugo Chvez welcomes President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos to Caracas. ](/news/2010/11/2/president-of-venezuela-hugo-chavez-welcomes-president-of-colombia-juan-manuel-santos-to-caracas.md) _Context: Caracas, Colombia, Venezuela_
4. [ Venezuela promises to investigate claims that Rodrigo Granda, a prominent member of the Colombian rebel group FARC, was captured from Caracas instead of from inside Colombia. Granda was arrested December 13, 2004. ](/news/2005/01/5/venezuela-promises-to-investigate-claims-that-rodrigo-granda-a-prominent-member-of-the-colombian-rebel-group-farc-was-captured-from-carac.md) _Context: Caracas, Colombia, Venezuela_
5. [Colombia-Venezuela relations: Censorship in Venezuela: Venezuela's National Commission of Telecommunications (Conatel) takes Colombian television channels Caracol Television and RCN Television off air due to their coverage of the 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis. ](/news/2017/08/24/colombia-venezuela-relations-censorship-in-venezuela-venezuela-s-national-commission-of-telecommunications-conatel-takes-colombian-tel.md) _Context: Colombia, Venezuela_
6. [Crisis in Venezuela: Venezuelan opposition leaders Leopoldo Lopez and Mayor of Caracas Antonio Ledezma are seized at their homes overnight by the Bolivarian Intelligence Service (SEBIN) and taken to Ramo Verde Prison. They had been arrested previously by the Venezuelan government, but were under house arrest at the time of being seized. ](/news/2017/08/1/crisis-in-venezuela-venezuelan-opposition-leaders-leopoldo-la3pez-and-mayor-of-caracas-antonio-ledezma-are-seized-at-their-homes-overnight.md) _Context: Caracas, Venezuela_
7. [2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis: Thousands of people take to the streets in Caracas as Venezuelan authorities acknowledge a fifth death in the protests. ](/news/2017/04/13/2017-venezuelan-constitutional-crisis-thousands-of-people-take-to-the-streets-in-caracas-as-venezuelan-authorities-acknowledge-a-fifth-deat.md) _Context: Caracas, Venezuela_
8. [Venezuelan opposition lawmaker, Julio Borges, is left bloodied after being hit in the face with a pipe in downtown Caracas. He spoke at a press conference after the attack with blood streaming down from his nose and mouth, and bloody stains on his button-down shirt, accusing the attackers of being supporters of President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/06/9/venezuelan-opposition-lawmaker-julio-borges-is-left-bloodied-after-being-hit-in-the-face-with-a-pipe-in-downtown-caracas-he-spoke-at-a-pr.md) _Context: Caracas, Venezuela_
9. [An engine burst into flames on a Dynamic International Airways Boeing 767 passenger jet bound for Caracas, Venezuela, while taxiing for takeoff at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (Florida, U.S.). A Broward Sheriff Fire Rescue spokesman said 15 people were taken to the hospital after the fire. There were 110 people, including crew, on board. ](/news/2015/10/29/an-engine-burst-into-flames-on-a-dynamic-international-airways-boeing-767-passenger-jet-bound-for-caracas-venezuela-while-taxiing-for-take.md) _Context: Caracas, Venezuela_
10. [A Venezuelan Air Force Sukhoi Su-30MKK crashes near the Colombian border after an illicit aircraft, probably linked to illicit drugs, enters Venezuelan airspace. ](/news/2015/09/18/a-venezuelan-air-force-sukhoi-su-30mkk-crashes-near-the-colombian-border-after-an-illicit-aircraft-probably-linked-to-illicit-drugs-enters.md) _Context: Colombia, Venezuela_
