### [2017-04-21](/news/2017/04/21/index.md)

# The White House dismisses U.S. Surgeon General Vivek Murthy in its continuing transition from the prior presidential administration.  The current Deputy Surgeon General, Rear Admiral Sylvia Trent-Adams, will serve as the acting SG. 




### Source:

1. [USA Today'' via MSN](https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/politics/surgeon-general-dismissed-replaced-by-trump-administration/ar-BBA8vVs?li=BBnb7Kz)

### Related:

1. [The United States Senate approves Vivek Murthy's nomination as Surgeon General by a 51-43 vote. ](/news/2014/12/15/the-united-states-senate-approves-vivek-murthy-s-nomination-as-surgeon-general-by-a-51a43-vote.md) _Context: U.S. Surgeon General, Vivek Murthy_
2. [Six members of President Trump's  Advisory Council on HIV/AIDS  resign stating the administration doesn't have a strategy to address the epidemic, doesn't seek input from experts on HIV policy, supports legislation that would halt or reverse important gains made in the fight against this disease and would harm people living with HIV. ](/news/2017/06/18/six-members-of-president-trump-s-advisory-council-on-hiv-aids-resign-stating-the-administration-doesn-t-have-a-strategy-to-address-the-epi.md) _Context: Presidency of Donald Trump_
3. [The U.S. Office of Government Ethics certifies President Donald Trump's financial report which discloses over $315.6 million in personal liabilities and exceeding $1.4 billion in assets as of mid-2017, for revenues of more than $594 million over 2016 and early 2017. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-u-s-office-of-government-ethics-certifies-president-donald-trump-s-financial-report-which-discloses-over-315-6-million-in-personal-lia.md) _Context: Presidency of Donald Trump_
4. [Nearly 200 members of the Democratic Party in the United States Congress file a lawsuit in the federal court, claiming that U.S. President Trump profits from business dealings with foreign governments, in violation of the United States Constitution's emolument clauses. This is the third such suit of its kind, following on the heels of the most recent suit by the Attorneys General of Maryland and the District of Columbia.](/news/2017/06/14/nearly-200-members-of-the-democratic-party-in-the-united-states-congress-file-a-lawsuit-in-the-federal-court-claiming-that-u-s-president-t.md) _Context: Presidency of Donald Trump_
5. [The Maryland and the District of Columbia attorneys general plan to sue President Trump on Monday claiming he violated the emolument clauses in the Constitution by accepting foreign payouts for his hotelier empire. ](/news/2017/06/11/the-maryland-and-the-district-of-columbia-attorneys-general-plan-to-sue-president-trump-on-monday-claiming-he-violated-the-emolument-clauses.md) _Context: Presidency of Donald Trump_
6. [The White House releases a proposed budget that includes an increase in spending for the military but a decrease in healthcare and welfare. ](/news/2017/05/23/the-white-house-releases-a-proposed-budget-that-includes-an-increase-in-spending-for-the-military-but-a-decrease-in-healthcare-and-welfare.md) _Context: Presidency of Donald Trump_
7. [U.S. President Donald Trump signs a revised version of Executive Order 13769 eliminating Iraq from the order and reducing the indefinite suspension of Syrian refugees to 120 days. The order will be in effect on March 16, 2017. ](/news/2017/03/6/u-s-president-donald-trump-signs-a-revised-version-of-executive-order-13769-eliminating-iraq-from-the-order-and-reducing-the-indefinite-sus.md) _Context: Presidency of Donald Trump_
8. [The Trump administration plans to increase the budget of the United States Armed Forces by more than 9%. ](/news/2017/02/28/the-trump-administration-plans-to-increase-the-budget-of-the-united-states-armed-forces-by-more-than-9.md) _Context: Presidency of Donald Trump_
9. [Donald Trump announces  he will not attend the 2017 White House Correspondents' Dinner, following recent friction between his administration and various news organizations. ](/news/2017/02/25/donald-trump-announces-he-will-not-attend-the-2017-white-house-correspondents-dinner-following-recent-friction-between-his-administration.md) _Context: Presidency of Donald Trump_
10. [The Trump White House bars ''The New York Times'', CNN, the ''Los Angeles Times'', the ''New York Daily News'', ''The Hill'',  the ''Daily Mail'',  BBC,  Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as  Breitbart News, One America News Network, and ''The Washington Times''. Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News,  ''The Wall Street Journal'', Bloomberg News, and Fox News. ''Time'' magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to  in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-m.md) _Context: Presidency of Donald Trump_
