### [2017-04-21](/news/2017/04/21/index.md)

# Two people are killed in an attack in a Federal Security Service office in the Russian city of Khabarovsk. The gunman is also killed. The US-Israeli SITE Intelligence Group says Amaq News Agency claims the attack for Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. The Russian Federal Security Service says the native 18-year-old perpetrator was a known member of a neo-nazi group. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-russia-attack-idUSKBN17N17C?il=0)
2. [Siberian Times](http://siberiantimes.com/other/others/news/murderous-attack-on-fsb-office-in-khabarovsk-was-by-a-neo-nazi-not-an-is-terrorist/)

### Related:

1. [Insurgency in the North Caucasus. The Russian Federal Security Service claims to have killed Rustam Asildarov, the leader of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's Caucasus Province and four other militants in the Dagestan region. ](/news/2016/12/4/insurgency-in-the-north-caucasus-the-russian-federal-security-service-claims-to-have-killed-rustam-asildarov-the-leader-of-the-islamic-sta.md) _Context: Federal Security Service, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Russia_
2. [Syrian Civil War. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says ISIL leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is confirmed dead, according to information from tribal leaders close to ISIL in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. In June, Russia said it had "most likely" killed al-Baghdadi and several other high profile ISIL leaders in an airstrike but provided no evidence. ](/news/2017/07/11/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-isil-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-is-confirmed-dead-according-to-information.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Russia_
3. [Syrian Civil War. Military intervention against ISIL. The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/syrian-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Russia_
4. [Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War. The Russian Ministry of Defence says its forces may have killed ISIL's leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi in an airstrike, south of Raqqa on 28 May, and currently is seeking confirmation. ](/news/2017/06/16/russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-the-russian-ministry-of-defence-says-its-forces-may-have-killed-isil-s-leader-abu-bak.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Russia_
5. [Syrian Civil War. Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/syrian-civil-war-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ce.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Russia_
6. [2016 Berlin attack. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility via Amaq News Agency for the truck attack in Berlin, Germany, which left at least 12 people dead and 49 injured. ](/news/2016/12/20/2016-berlin-attack-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility-via-amaq-news-agency-for-the-truck-attack-in-berlin-germ.md) _Context: Amaq News Agency, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [Syrian Civil War. Palmyra offensive (December 2016). The SOHR and Amaq announce that ISIL has captured an oil field north-west of Palmyra. ](/news/2016/12/10/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-december-2016-the-sohr-and-amaq-announce-that-isil-has-captured-an-oil-field-north-west-of-palmyra.md) _Context: Amaq News Agency, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [Syrian civil war. Amaq News Agency claims ISIL is responsible for shooting down a Syrian Air Force fighter jet over Deir ez-Zor. The London-based SOHR says the MiG pilot was killed. ](/news/2016/09/18/syrian-civil-war-amaq-news-agency-claims-isil-is-responsible-for-shooting-down-a-syrian-air-force-fighter-jet-over-deir-ez-zor-the-london.md) _Context: Amaq News Agency, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [Syrian civil war and Russia-United States relations. The U.S. Obama administration and the Russian Putin administration agree to a Syrian peace deal. The deal is intended to end combat in specified areas and create a joint center of combat to fight ISIL and Al-Nusra Front. ](/news/2016/09/10/syrian-civil-war-and-russia-united-states-relations-the-u-s-obama-administration-and-the-russian-putin-administration-agree-to-a-syrian.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Russia_
10. [Syrian civil war. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant says its official spokesman, Abu Mohammad al-Adnani, has been killed in Syria's Aleppo Governorate. The group's statement, distributed by Amaq News Agency, did not say how al-Adnani was killed. ](/news/2016/08/30/syrian-civil-war-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-says-its-official-spokesman-abu-mohammad-al-adnani-has-been-killed-in-syria-s-a.md) _Context: Amaq News Agency, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
