### [2017-04-21](/news/2017/04/21/index.md)

# Yesterday's terrorist attack in Paris disrupts campaigning for the elections. 

With the motives of the Champs-Elys&eacute;es gunman considered terror-related, the timing just three days before the first round of the French presidential elections and during a prime time TV &quot;debate&quot; between all 11 official candidates clearly suggests that extremists are seeking to influence the tone of the debate - and perhaps its outcome.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2017/04/21/europe/paris-police-shooting-champs-elysees/)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-france-election-poll-idUSKBN17N22U?il=0)
3. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/04/20/terrorism-france-having-huge-impact-presidential-election/)

### Related:

1. [One policeman has been killed and another has been critically injured after a man opened fire at police officers at the Champs-Elysees in central Paris. The gunman was killed while attempting to escape, and a bystander has been injured. ISIL claims responsibility for the attack although the claim is doubted. The President of France Francois Hollande says that all leads indicate that the attack was of a "terrorist nature". ](/news/2017/04/20/one-policeman-has-been-killed-and-another-has-been-critically-injured-after-a-man-opened-fire-at-police-officers-at-the-champs-alysa-c-es-in.md) _Context: Paris, terrorist attack_
2. [Far-right candidate Marine Le Pen is accused of plagiarising a speech by Francois Fillon. ](/news/2017/05/2/far-right-candidate-marine-le-pen-is-accused-of-plagiarising-a-speech-by-franassois-fillon.md) _Context: French presidential election, 2017_
3. [Jean-Francois Jalkh, who replaced current presidential finalist Marine Le Pen as leader of the National Front, steps down from this role after three days following the reemergence of his comments questioning the logistics of Holocaust extermination camps, and is replaced by Steeve Briois. ](/news/2017/04/28/jean-franassois-jalkh-who-replaced-current-presidential-finalist-marine-le-pen-as-leader-of-the-national-front-steps-down-from-this-role-af.md) _Context: French presidential election, 2017_
4. [New polls show Francois Fillon and Jean-Luc Melenchon neck and neck behind the frontrunners Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen ahead of the upcoming first round of the election. ](/news/2017/04/20/new-polls-show-franassois-fillon-and-jean-luc-ma-c-lenchon-neck-and-neck-behind-the-frontrunners-emmanuel-macron-and-marine-le-pen-ahead-of-the.md) _Context: French presidential election, 2017_
5. [The closely-watched CEVIPOF poll shows Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen clinging to a narrow lead heading into the first stage of the election, with Le Pen recently becoming embroiled in a spat with the European Commission after refusing to appear on TF1 while there remained a Flag of Europe in the background. ](/news/2017/04/19/the-closely-watched-cevipof-poll-shows-emmanuel-macron-and-marine-le-pen-clinging-to-a-narrow-lead-heading-into-the-first-stage-of-the-elect.md) _Context: French presidential election, 2017_
6. [With polls showing a close race with Emmanuel Macron and Jean-Luc Mlenchon, Marine Le Pen of the National Front pledges to temporarily suspend all immigration, "legal and illegal", to France. ](/news/2017/04/18/with-polls-showing-a-close-race-with-emmanuel-macron-and-jean-luc-melenchon-marine-le-pen-of-the-national-front-pledges-to-temporarily-susp.md) _Context: French presidential election, 2017_
7. [Former candidate Manuel Valls (PS) announces his support for Emmanuel Macron (En Marche!) rather than for his own party's nominee, Benoit Hamon. ](/news/2017/03/29/former-candidate-manuel-valls-ps-announces-his-support-for-emmanuel-macron-en-marche-rather-than-for-his-own-party-s-nominee-benoa-r-t-h.md) _Context: French presidential election, 2017_
8. [French security forces shoot suspect Ziyed Ben Belgacem dead in Paris' Orly Airport after he put the pellet gun to her head and took away an assault rifle from one of three soldiers from "Sentinelle" operation patrolling the airport. Belgacem had earlier shot a police officer with a pellet gun. Later, he had threatened a bar and then carjacked another vehicle to the airport. ](/news/2017/03/18/french-security-forces-shoot-suspect-ziyed-ben-belgacem-dead-in-paris-orly-airport-after-he-put-the-pellet-gun-to-her-head-and-took-away-an.md) _Context: Paris_
9. [A letter bomb explodes at the office of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) in Paris, injuring one person. ](/news/2017/03/16/a-letter-bomb-explodes-at-the-office-of-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-in-paris-injuring-one-person.md) _Context: Paris_
10. [A French Army soldier shoots and wounds a man armed with a knife who was trying to enter an underground shopping area near the Louvre in Paris. The museum was evacuated. ](/news/2017/02/3/a-french-army-soldier-shoots-and-wounds-a-man-armed-with-a-knife-who-was-trying-to-enter-an-underground-shopping-area-near-the-louvre-in-par.md) _Context: Paris_
