### [2012-06-16](/news/2012/06/16/index.md)

# Voters in Egypt go to the polls for the second round of a presidential election, with ex-Prime Minister Ahmed Shafiq and Mohamed Morsi of the Muslim Brotherhood competing for the presidency. 

High turnout reported in some governorates as Egyptians turn out to cast ballots amid deep political uncertainty.


### Source:

1. [AFP via News Limited](http://www.news.com.au/breaking-news/political-chaos-as-egypt-chooses-a-new-president/story-e6frfku0-1226397389823)
2. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/middleeast/2012/06/2012616144559963101.html)

### Related:

1. [Voters in Egypt go to the polls for a second day to vote in the second round of a presidential election, with former prime minister Ahmed Shafik and Mohamed Morsi of the Muslim Brotherhood's Freedom and Justice Party both competing for the presidency. ](/news/2012/06/17/voters-in-egypt-go-to-the-polls-for-a-second-day-to-vote-in-the-second-round-of-a-presidential-election-with-former-prime-minister-ahmed-sh.md) _Context: Egypt, Mohamed Morsi, presidential election, prime minister_
2. [An Egyptian court sentences former President Mohamed Morsi to life in prison for conspiring with foreign groups and upholds an earlier preliminary death sentence issued for a prison break. Muslim Brotherhood leader Khairat el-Shater and two others are given death sentences. ](/news/2015/06/16/an-egyptian-court-sentences-former-president-mohamed-morsi-to-life-in-prison-for-conspiring-with-foreign-groups-and-upholds-an-earlier-preli.md) _Context: Egypt, Mohamed Morsi, Muslim Brotherhood_
3. [An Egyptian court acquits 169 Muslim Brotherhood members for charges relating to unrest that followed the ousting of former Egyptian President Mohamed Morsi. ](/news/2014/05/19/an-egyptian-court-acquits-169-muslim-brotherhood-members-for-charges-relating-to-unrest-that-followed-the-ousting-of-former-egyptian-preside.md) _Context: Egypt, Mohamed Morsi, Muslim Brotherhood_
4. [The Muslim Brotherhood calls for millions of supporters to hold rallies across Egypt two weeks after Mohamed Morsi was deposed as president. ](/news/2013/07/19/the-muslim-brotherhood-calls-for-millions-of-supporters-to-hold-rallies-across-egypt-two-weeks-after-mohamed-morsi-was-deposed-as-president.md) _Context: Egypt, Mohamed Morsi, Muslim Brotherhood_
5. [A teenager is killed and 40 wounded while storming the Muslim Brotherhood headquarters in Damanhur, Egypt, during the third day of protests as a result from the power grab by Mohamed Morsi. ](/news/2012/11/25/a-teenager-is-killed-and-40-wounded-while-storming-the-muslim-brotherhood-headquarters-in-damanhur-egypt-during-the-third-day-of-protests.md) _Context: Egypt, Mohamed Morsi, Muslim Brotherhood_
6. [Mohamed Morsi of the Muslim Brotherhood is declared the winner of Egypt's presidential election run-off. ](/news/2012/06/24/mohamed-morsi-of-the-muslim-brotherhood-is-declared-the-winner-of-egypt-s-presidential-election-run-off.md) _Context: Mohamed Morsi, Muslim Brotherhood, presidential election_
7. [The Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt nominates chairman Khairat El-Shater as a candidate for the presidential elections in May 2012. ](/news/2012/04/1/the-muslim-brotherhood-in-egypt-nominates-chairman-khairat-el-shater-as-a-candidate-for-the-presidential-elections-in-may-2012.md) _Context: Egypt, Muslim Brotherhood, presidential election_
8. [Egypt's court of cassation overturns the death sentence on Mohamed Morsi and five other members of the Muslim Brotherhood. The court orders a retrial of six men for their roles in releasing the prisoners from the Wadi el-Natrun prison. ](/news/2016/11/15/egypt-s-court-of-cassation-overturns-the-death-sentence-on-mohamed-morsi-and-five-other-members-of-the-muslim-brotherhood-the-court-orders.md) _Context: Mohamed Morsi, Muslim Brotherhood_
9. [Egyptian parliamentary election, 2015. Egyptians residing abroad begin casting votes in the country's first parliamentary election since the 2013 military overthrow of President Mohamed Morsi. Embassies and consulates in 139 countries will be open for two days of voting. ](/news/2015/10/17/egyptian-parliamentary-election-2015-egyptians-residing-abroad-begin-casting-votes-in-the-country-s-first-parliamentary-election-since-the.md) _Context: Egypt, Mohamed Morsi_
10. [Egypt-s new Cabinet is sworn in before President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, a week after the previous administration resigned following a corruption scandal, and a month before parliamentary elections. The 33-member body has 16 new ministers, including two women. Sherif Ismail, petroleum minister in the last cabinet, is the new prime minister. ](/news/2015/09/19/egypt-s-new-cabinet-is-sworn-in-before-president-abdel-fattah-al-sisi-a-week-after-the-previous-administration-resigned-following-a-corru.md) _Context: Egypt, prime minister_
