### [2003-03-22](/news/2003/03/22/index.md)

#  Two Russian fighter jets tracked a U.S. U-2 spy plane flying near the Russian border. The U-2 was partaking in reconnaissance over Georgia and Azerbaijan.




### Related:

1. [ Azerbaijan has started supplying Russian natural gas to Georgia, the Georgian gas company says, helping compensate for a fuel cutoff caused by explosions in southern Russian pipelines that brought a new energy crisis to the region this weekend. ](/news/2006/01/23/azerbaijan-has-started-supplying-russian-natural-gas-to-georgia-the-georgian-gas-company-says-helping-compensate-for-a-fuel-cutoff-caused.md) _Context: Azerbaijan, Georgian_
2. [ A suicide bomber attacks a convoy in Afghanistan's Kabul province, killing a Georgian soldier and three civilians and wounding 13 others, including six Resolute Support personnel. ](/news/2017/08/3/a-suicide-bomber-attacks-a-convoy-in-afghanistan-s-kabul-province-killing-a-georgian-soldier-and-three-civilians-and-wounding-13-others-i.md) _Context: Georgian_
3. [Georgia's visa-free regime, which allows travel to most member states of the European Union, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom, enters into force. ](/news/2017/03/28/georgia-s-visa-free-regime-which-allows-travel-to-most-member-states-of-the-european-union-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-ki.md) _Context: Georgian_
4. [The European Union formally grants Georgian citizens visa-free travel to its member states, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom. The signed documents will be published on March 8, and officially enter into force on March 28. ](/news/2017/03/1/the-european-union-formally-grants-georgian-citizens-visa-free-travel-to-its-member-states-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-kin.md) _Context: Georgian_
5. [Clashes erupt between Nagorno-Karabakh separatists and Azerbaijani forces in the disputed Nagorno-Karabakh region. The Azerbaijan Ministry of Defense confirmed casualties on its side while the separatist forces claim to have no causalities. Both sides blame each other for the flareup in fighting. ](/news/2017/02/25/clashes-erupt-between-nagorno-karabakh-separatists-and-azerbaijani-forces-in-the-disputed-nagorno-karabakh-region-the-azerbaijan-ministry-o.md) _Context: Azerbaijan_
6. [In a referendum held yesterday in the breakaway state of Nagorno-Karabakh (a region long claimed by both Azerbaijan and Armenia), 87.6% of voters approve changing the country's governance system from semi-presidential to full presidential, therefore abolishing the position of prime minister. ](/news/2017/02/21/in-a-referendum-held-yesterday-in-the-breakaway-state-of-nagorno-karabakh-a-region-long-claimed-by-both-azerbaijan-and-armenia-87-6-of-v.md) _Context: Azerbaijan_
7. [Azerbaijani First Lady Mehriban Aliyeva, who is widely considered to be in line to succeed her husband, is named vice president. ](/news/2017/02/21/azerbaijani-first-lady-mehriban-aliyeva-who-is-widely-considered-to-be-in-line-to-succeed-her-husband-is-named-vice-president.md) _Context: Azerbaijan_
8. [The European Parliament unanimously approves visa-free regime in the Schengen zone for Georgia. ](/news/2017/02/2/the-european-parliament-unanimously-approves-visa-free-regime-in-the-schengen-zone-for-georgia.md) _Context: Georgian_
9. [Four alleged extremists planning terror attacks in Azerbaijan are killed in a shootout with the country's security forces; one suspect is arrested. The State Security Service says the group was connected to an unspecified religious extremist group abroad. ](/news/2017/02/1/four-alleged-extremists-planning-terror-attacks-in-azerbaijan-are-killed-in-a-shootout-with-the-country-s-security-forces-one-suspect-is-ar.md) _Context: Azerbaijan_
10. [The European Union grants visa-free travel for Georgia and Ukraine. ](/news/2016/12/9/the-european-union-grants-visa-free-travel-for-georgia-and-ukraine.md) _Context: Georgian_
