### [2011-11-28](/news/2011/11/28/index.md)

# Jed S. Rakoff, a judge at the U.S. District Court in Manhattan, denies approval to a settlement agreement between the Securities and Exchange Commission and the investment bank Citigroup, which the SEC has charged with deceiving investors about the conditions under which a certain portfolio's investments had been chosen. 

Judge Jed Rakoff said the proposed $285 million settlement over the sale of toxic mortgage debt was “neither fair, nor adequate, nor in the public interest” and ordered a trial.


### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2011/11/29/business/judge-rejects-sec-accord-with-citi.html)

### Related:

1. [Pedro Hernandez, convicted in February 2017 for the May 25, 1979 death of Etan Patz in the SoHo neighborhood of Manhattan, was sentenced yesterday to 25 years to life imprisonment.](/news/2017/04/19/pedro-hernandez-convicted-in-february-2017-for-the-may-25-1979-death-of-etan-patz-in-the-soho-neighborhood-of-manhattan-was-sentenced-yes.md) _Context: Manhattan_
2. [German tax authorities are investigating Citigroup over its use of a "dividend stripping" strategy, which allowed both the buyer and seller of a stock to claim the tax credits. ](/news/2016/03/22/german-tax-authorities-are-investigating-citigroup-over-its-use-of-a-dividend-stripping-strategy-which-allowed-both-the-buyer-and-seller.md) _Context: Citigroup_
3. [Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance, Jr. announces over $800 million in grants available to various agencies across the U.S. for law enforcement-related initiatives such as testing of potentially expired rape kits, the funding of an international center devoted to monitoring cyber attacks, and a program at John Jay College of Criminal Justice dedicated to training prosecutors. The grants are funded from criminal penalties paid by several international banks accused of violating sanctions. ](/news/2015/11/8/manhattan-district-attorney-cyrus-r-vance-jr-announces-over-800-million-in-grants-available-to-various-agencies-across-the-u-s-for-law.md) _Context: Manhattan_
4. [Following 21 days of deliberation the deadlocked jury in Manhattan declared a mistrial in the case against three former senior attorneys from the -once large and prominent law firm- Dewey & LeBoeuf. The three had been charged with -plotting to manipulate financial records in an attempt to defraud bank lenders and insurance companies during the financial crisis.- ](/news/2015/10/19/following-21-days-of-deliberation-the-deadlocked-jury-in-manhattan-declared-a-mistrial-in-the-case-against-three-former-senior-attorneys-fro.md) _Context: Manhattan_
5. [The District Attorney for Manhattan says he intends to retry a murder case in the disappearance of Etan Patz which ended in a mistrial. ](/news/2015/05/18/the-district-attorney-for-manhattan-says-he-intends-to-retry-a-murder-case-in-the-disappearance-of-etan-patz-which-ended-in-a-mistrial.md) _Context: Manhattan_
6. [A New York state appellate court in Manhattan rules to approve in its entirety the 2011 settlement by Bank of America with 22 institutional investors including BlackRock Inc, MetLife Inc, and Allianz SE's Pacific Investment Management Co to resolve claims over $174 billion of mortgage securities issued by the former Countrywide Financial Corp. in a $8.5 billion settlement. ](/news/2015/03/5/a-new-york-state-appellate-court-in-manhattan-rules-to-approve-in-its-entirety-the-2011-settlement-by-bank-of-america-with-22-institutional.md) _Context: Manhattan_
7. [In New York City, U.S. district court judge Thomas Griesa expands the force of his existing remedial rulings in the ongoing litigation over the Argentine debt restructuring, blocking planned bond payments by Citigroup. The Citigroup processing of payments would violate a requirement that Argentina treat bondholders equally. ](/news/2015/03/12/in-new-york-city-u-s-district-court-judge-thomas-griesa-expands-the-force-of-his-existing-remedial-rulings-in-the-ongoing-litigation-over.md) _Context: Citigroup_
8. [A Manhattan federal court convicts Ross Ulbricht, aka "Dread Pirate Roberts", the owner of the Silk Road Deep Web illicit products website, on seven charges including trafficking and money laundering in the United States. ](/news/2015/02/4/a-manhattan-federal-court-convicts-ross-ulbricht-aka-dread-pirate-roberts-the-owner-of-the-silk-road-deep-web-illicit-products-website.md) _Context: Manhattan_
9. [Ebola virus disease in the United States. A New York City physician tests positive for Ebola at the Bellevue Hospital Center in Manhattan after treating Ebola patients in Guinea. ](/news/2014/10/23/ebola-virus-disease-in-the-united-states-a-new-york-city-physician-tests-positive-for-ebola-at-the-bellevue-hospital-center-in-manhattan-af.md) _Context: Manhattan_
10. [The U.S. District Court in Manhattan, via Judge Jed Rakoff, orders Bank of America to pay $1.27 billion in damages relating to the housing bubble-era actions of what is now its Countrywide unit. ](/news/2014/07/30/the-u-s-district-court-in-manhattan-via-judge-jed-rakoff-orders-bank-of-america-to-pay-1-27-billion-in-damages-relating-to-the-housing-b.md) _Context: Manhattan_
