### [2013-12-1](/news/2013/12/1/index.md)

# 2013 Ukraine pro-European Union protests:: 100,000 people continue their protest against president Yanukovych's decision to back away from stronger ties with the European Union. 

Casualties are reported in clashes as a massive rally is held in Kiev over a Ukraine government decision not to sign a deal on closer EU ties.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-25176191)
2. [Deutsche Welle](http://www.dw.de/tens-of-thousands-rally-in-kyiv-in-pro-europe-protest/a-17264317)
3. [Ria Novosti](http://en.ria.ru/world/20131201/185193926/Activists-Storm-Buildings-in-Kiev-as-Protest-Movement-Grows.html)

### Related:

1. [2013 Ukraine pro-European Union protests:: The Government of Prime Minister of Ukraine Mykola Azarov easily survives a no-confidence motion amid continuing protest against the decision of Azarov and President Yanukovych to back away from stronger ties with the European Union. However, the Government is in danger of not surviving a similar motion tomorrow. ](/news/2013/12/3/2013-ukraine-pro-european-union-protests-the-government-of-prime-minister-of-ukraine-mykola-azarov-easily-survives-a-no-confidence-motion.md) _Context: 2013 Ukraine pro-European Union protests, European Union, Ukraine-European Union relations, Viktor Yanukovych_
2. [Euromaidan:: More than 100,000 people protest in Kiev, Ukraine, against the decision of Viktor Yanukovych's government to suspend preparations for signing of the association agreement with the European Union under pressure from Russia. ](/news/2013/11/24/euromaidan-more-than-100-000-people-protest-in-kiev-ukraine-against-the-decision-of-viktor-yanukovych-s-government-to-suspend-preparatio.md) _Context: European Union, Ukraine, Ukraine-European Union relations, Viktor Yanukovych_
3. [Ukraine-European Union relations: The European Union's visa-free regime for Ukraine officially enters into force. ](/news/2017/06/11/ukraine-european-union-relations-the-european-union-s-visa-free-regime-for-ukraine-officially-enters-into-force.md) _Context: European Union, Ukraine, Ukraine-European Union relations_
4. [Ukraine-European Union relations: Representatives of the European Parliament and European Council sign a document formally granting Ukrainians visa-free travel to the European Union. The visa-free regime is due to enter into force on June 11. ](/news/2017/05/17/ukraine-european-union-relations-representatives-of-the-european-parliament-and-european-council-sign-a-document-formally-granting-ukrain.md) _Context: European Union, Ukraine, Ukraine-European Union relations_
5. [Ukraine-European Union relations: The European Union proposes offering Ukraine visa-free travel to its members. However, it is still unclear how fast the liberalization process will be dealt with in the European Parliament and European Council, where some EU member states might want to slow down the process. ](/news/2016/04/20/ukraine-european-union-relations-the-european-union-proposes-offering-ukraine-visa-free-travel-to-its-members-however-it-is-still-uncle.md) _Context: European Union, Ukraine, Ukraine-European Union relations_
6. [The European Union grants visa-free travel for Georgia and Ukraine. ](/news/2016/12/9/the-european-union-grants-visa-free-travel-for-georgia-and-ukraine.md) _Context: European Union, Ukraine_
7. [War in Donbass: The European Union extends its main Ukraine-related economic sanctions against Russia for six months until mid-2017. ](/news/2016/12/15/war-in-donbass-the-european-union-extends-its-main-ukraine-related-economic-sanctions-against-russia-for-six-months-until-mid-2017.md) _Context: European Union, Ukraine_
8. [List of individuals sanctioned during the Ukrainian crisis: The European Union extends the asset freeze and travel ban against 146 persons and 37 entities, including close associates of Russian President Vladimir Putin, by six months until 15 March 2017 for the annexation of Crimea from Ukraine. ](/news/2016/09/15/list-of-individuals-sanctioned-during-the-ukrainian-crisis-the-european-union-extends-the-asset-freeze-and-travel-ban-against-146-persons-a.md) _Context: European Union, Ukraine_
9. [Russia-European Union relations: Ukrainian crisis: The European Union extends economic sanctions on Russia until 31 January 2017 over Moscow's continued support for separatist rebels in eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2016/07/1/russia-european-union-relations-ukrainian-crisis-the-european-union-extends-economic-sanctions-on-russia-until-31-january-2017-over-mosc.md) _Context: European Union, Ukraine_
10. [War in Donbass: The European Union extends Russian sanctions for interference in Ukraine another six months, until 31 July 2016. The EU says it's extending the sanctions because the Minsk peace accords would not be fully implemented by the end of this year. ](/news/2015/12/21/war-in-donbass-the-european-union-extends-russian-sanctions-for-interference-in-ukraine-another-six-months-until-31-july-2016-the-eu-says.md) _Context: European Union, Ukraine_
