### [2013-12-1](/news/2013/12/1/index.md)

# 2013 Ukraine pro-European Union protests:100,000 people continue their protest against president Yanukovych's decision to back away from stronger ties with the European Union. 

Casualties are reported in clashes as a massive rally is held in Kiev over a Ukraine government decision not to sign a deal on closer EU ties.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-25176191)
2. [Deutsche Welle](http://www.dw.de/tens-of-thousands-rally-in-kyiv-in-pro-europe-protest/a-17264317)
3. [Ria Novosti](http://en.ria.ru/world/20131201/185193926/Activists-Storm-Buildings-in-Kiev-as-Protest-Movement-Grows.html)

### Related:

1. [2013 Ukraine pro-European Union protests:The Government of Prime Minister of Ukraine Mykola Azarov easily survives a no-confidence motion amid continuing protest against the decision of Azarov and President Yanukovych to back away from stronger ties with the European Union. However, the Government is in danger of not surviving a similar motion tomorrow. ](/news/2013/12/3/2013-ukraine-pro-european-union-protests-pthe-government-of-prime-minister-of-ukraine-mykola-azarov-easily-survives-a-no-confidence-motion-a.md) _Context: 2013 Ukraine pro-European Union protests, European Union, Ukraine–European Union relations, Viktor Yanukovych_
2. [Euromaidan:More than 100,000 people protest in Kiev, Ukraine, against the decision of Viktor Yanukovych's government to suspend preparations for signing of the association agreement with the European Union under pressure from Russia. ](/news/2013/11/24/euromaidan-pmore-than-100-000-people-protest-in-kiev-ukraine-against-the-decision-of-viktor-yanukovych-s-government-to-suspend-preparation.md) _Context: European Union, Ukraine–European Union relations, Ukrainian, Viktor Yanukovych_
3. [The European Union proposes offering Ukraine visa-free travel to its members. However, it is still unclear how fast the liberalization process will be dealt with in the European Parliament and European Council, where some EU member states might want to slow down the process. ](/news/2016/04/20/the-european-union-proposes-offering-ukraine-visa-free-travel-to-its-members-however-it-is-still-unclear-how-fast-the-liberalization-proce.md) _Context: European Union, Ukraine–European Union relations, Ukrainian_
4. [The European Union grants visa-free travel for  Georgia and Ukraine. ](/news/2016/12/9/the-european-union-grants-visa-free-travel-for-georgia-and-ukraine.md) _Context: European Union, Ukrainian_
5. [The European Union  extends its main Ukraine-related economic  sanctions against Russia for six months until mid-2017. ](/news/2016/12/15/the-european-union-extends-its-main-ukraine-related-economic-sanctions-against-russia-for-six-months-until-mid-2017.md) _Context: European Union, Ukrainian_
6. [The European Union extends  the asset freeze and travel ban against 146 persons and 37 entities, including close associates of Russian President Vladimir Putin, by six months until 15 March 2017 for the annexation of Crimea from Ukraine. ](/news/2016/09/15/the-european-union-extends-the-asset-freeze-and-travel-ban-against-146-persons-and-37-entities-including-close-associates-of-russian-presi.md) _Context: European Union, Ukrainian_
7. [The European Union extends economic sanctions on Russia until 31 January 2017 over Moscow's continued support for separatist rebels in eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2016/07/1/the-european-union-extends-economic-sanctions-on-russia-until-31-january-2017-over-moscow-s-continued-support-for-separatist-rebels-in-easte.md) _Context: European Union, Ukrainian_
8. [The European Union extends Russian sanctions for interference in Ukraine another six months, until 31 July 2016. The EU says it's extending the sanctions because the Minsk peace accords would not be fully implemented by the end of this year. ](/news/2015/12/21/the-european-union-extends-russian-sanctions-for-interference-in-ukraine-another-six-months-until-31-july-2016-the-eu-says-it-s-extending.md) _Context: European Union, Ukrainian_
9. [Russia's Gazprom halts gas supplies to Ukraine until the Ukrainian government pays in advance for future supplies to replenish the current supplies of gas that it has used up; Ukraine says it has stopped buying from Gazprom because it can get cheaper gas from Europe. Roughly 15% of the gas used in Europe travels through Ukraine, and a previous cut-off of gas supplies in 2009 caused serious disruptions in shipments to EU countries at the height of winter. ](/news/2015/11/25/russia-s-gazprom-halts-gas-supplies-to-ukraine-until-the-ukrainian-government-pays-in-advance-for-future-supplies-to-replenish-the-current-s.md) _Context: European Union, Ukrainian_
10. [Lawmakers from Ukraine ratify a landmark agreement with the European Union in tandem with a meeting of the European Parliament. ](/news/2014/09/16/lawmakers-from-ukraine-ratify-a-landmark-agreement-with-the-european-union-in-tandem-with-a-meeting-of-the-european-parliament.md) _Context: European Union, Ukrainian_
