### [2013-12-1](/news/2013/12/1/index.md)

# Syrian civil war:. Syrian army helicopters bombard the northern rebel-held town of Al-Bab for a second day, killing 20 people. 

Syrian army helicopters bombarded the northern rebel-held town of Al-Bab for a second day on Sunday, killing 20 people including four women when they dropped improvised barrel bombs on a market district, a monitoring group said.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/2013/12/01/uk-syria-crisis-aleppo-idUKBRE9B00A920131201)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War. Battle of al-Bab. At least three soldiers of the Turkish Armed Forces are accidentally killed by a Russian airstrike near al-Bab in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/02/9/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-al-bab-at-least-three-soldiers-of-the-turkish-armed-forces-are-accidentally-killed-by-a-russian-airstrike-near.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, al-Bab_
2. [Syrian Civil War. Seven members of the White Helmets are shot dead by unidentified gunmen who stormed their office in rebel-held Sarmin, in northwestern Syria. ](/news/2017/08/12/syrian-civil-war-seven-members-of-the-white-helmets-are-shot-dead-by-unidentified-gunmen-who-stormed-their-office-in-rebel-held-sarmin-in.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian Civil War. The Russian air force bombards the city of Madan and Zor Shamr Camp, south and east of Raqqa, Syria, with cluster bombs, killing six civilians and wounding 19 others. Nearby Alburamadan town was also struck; there are no reports of casualties. ](/news/2017/07/23/syrian-civil-war-the-russian-air-force-bombards-the-city-of-madan-and-zor-shamr-camp-south-and-east-of-raqqa-syria-with-cluster-bombs-k.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian Civil War. Military intervention against ISIL. The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/syrian-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Syrian Civil War. After yesterday's downing of a Syrian Su-22 jet, Russia shuts down a deconfliction channel and says it will follow any aircraft west of the Euphrates as a target. ](/news/2017/06/19/syrian-civil-war-after-yesterday-s-downing-of-a-syrian-su-22-jet-russia-shuts-down-a-deconfliction-channel-and-says-it-will-follow-any-air.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian Civil War. 2017 Deir ez-Zor missile strike. Iran fires medium range ballistic missiles from western Iran to ISIL targets in Deir ez-Zor Governorate, eastern Syria, in retaliation for the June 7 Tehran attacks. ](/news/2017/06/18/syrian-civil-war-2017-deir-ez-zor-missile-strike-iran-fires-medium-range-ballistic-missiles-from-western-iran-to-isil-targets-in-deir-ez-z.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
7. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian Civil War. United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid bin Ra'ad calls on all air forces in Syria to better distinguish between military targets and civilians. ](/news/2017/05/26/syrian-civil-war-united-nations-high-commissioner-for-human-rights-zeid-bin-ra-ad-calls-on-all-air-forces-in-syria-to-better-distinguish-be.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian Civil War. According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/syrian-civil-war-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democr.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian Civil War. American-led intervention in Syria. United States aircraft bomb a convoy belonging to the Syrian pro-government militia within a so-called "deconfliction zone" around Al-Tanf. ](/news/2017/05/18/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-united-states-aircraft-bomb-a-convoy-belonging-to-the-syrian-pro-government-militia-wi.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
