### [2012-05-19](/news/2012/05/19/index.md)

# A car bomb explodes near a military complex in the Syrian city of Deir ez-Zor, killing 9 people. 

Reports of fatalities and many wounded after explosion outside military intelligence facility in city of Deir az-Zor.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/middleeast/2012/05/201251973524973527.html)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War. Deir ez-Zor massacre. ISIL militants abduct at least 400 civilians from the eastern Syrian city of Deir ez-Zor. ](/news/2016/01/17/syrian-civil-war-deir-ez-zor-massacre-isil-militants-abduct-at-least-400-civilians-from-the-eastern-syrian-city-of-deir-ez-zor.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor, Syria_
2. [Syrian Civil War. 2016 Deir ez-Zor massacre. At least 75 Syrian Army soldiers and pro-Assad militiamen are killed following a multi-front attack on the eastern Syrian city of Deir ez-Zor by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant forces. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports ISIL fighters had advanced into the northern tip of Deir ez-Zor city, and captured the suburb of Al-Baghaliyeh. The pro-government Syrian Arab News Agency (SANA) reports that government forces had repelled an attack on the city leaving dozens of militants dead. ](/news/2016/01/16/syrian-civil-war-2016-deir-ez-zor-massacre-at-least-75-syrian-army-soldiers-and-pro-assad-militiamen-are-killed-following-a-multi-front-at.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor, Syria_
3. [Syrian civil war:. The Syrian government states that it has repelled a major attack on an air base near Aleppo; 341 detainees are released across the country. Rebels claim the capture of an airforce building in Deir ez-Zor. ](/news/2012/09/1/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-government-states-that-it-has-repelled-a-major-attack-on-an-air-base-near-aleppo-341-detainees-are-released-a.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor, Syria_
4. [Syrian Civil War. Seven members of the White Helmets are shot dead by unidentified gunmen who stormed their office in rebel-held Sarmin, in northwestern Syria. ](/news/2017/08/12/syrian-civil-war-seven-members-of-the-white-helmets-are-shot-dead-by-unidentified-gunmen-who-stormed-their-office-in-rebel-held-sarmin-in.md) _Context: Syria_
5. [Syrian Civil War. The Russian air force bombards the city of Madan and Zor Shamr Camp, south and east of Raqqa, Syria, with cluster bombs, killing six civilians and wounding 19 others. Nearby Alburamadan town was also struck; there are no reports of casualties. ](/news/2017/07/23/syrian-civil-war-the-russian-air-force-bombards-the-city-of-madan-and-zor-shamr-camp-south-and-east-of-raqqa-syria-with-cluster-bombs-k.md) _Context: Syria_
6. [2017 Notre Dame attack. A man who was yelling "This is for Syria" while attacking a police officer with a hammer near Notre-Dame de Paris, France is shot and wounded by another officer. Prosecutors open a terrorism probe. ](/news/2017/06/6/2017-notre-dame-attack-a-man-who-was-yelling-this-is-for-syria-while-attacking-a-police-officer-with-a-hammer-near-notre-dame-de-paris-f.md) _Context: Syria_
7. [ Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon. Lebanese Armed Forces are attacked by five suicide bombers and other militants during a raid of two Syrian refugee camps in Arsal near the Syrian border. The army reports a girl was killed in one of the suicide attacks, seven soldiers were also wounded, and 350 people, including several ISIL officials, were detained during the sweep. ](/news/2017/06/30/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-lebanese-armed-forces-are-attacked-by-five-suicide-bombers-and-other-militants-during-a-raid-of-two.md) _Context: Syria_
8. [Israeli-Syrian ceasefire line incidents during the Syrian Civil War. Israel strikes two Syrian Army artillery positions and an ammunition truck in Quneitra Governorate, after stray shells from Syria land in the northern Golan Heights for a second day in a row. ](/news/2017/06/25/israeli-syrian-ceasefire-line-incidents-during-the-syrian-civil-war-israel-strikes-two-syrian-army-artillery-positions-and-an-ammunition.md) _Context: Syria_
9. [Israeli-Syrian ceasefire line incidents during the Syrian Civil War. Israel and Syria exchange weapons fire in the disputed Golan Heights, with Israel destroying several targets, including two Syrian tanks. Although there were deaths on the ground in Syria, the number of casualties among Syrian forces is unknown. No Israeli troops were injured. ](/news/2017/06/24/israeli-syrian-ceasefire-line-incidents-during-the-syrian-civil-war-israel-and-syria-exchange-weapons-fire-in-the-disputed-golan-heights.md) _Context: Syria_
10. [Syrian Civil War. Military intervention against ISIL. The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/syrian-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria.md) _Context: Syria_
