### [2002-10-7](/news/2002/10/7/index.md)

#  Announcement of the discovery of Quaoar, a planetoid object circling the Sun.




### Related:

1. [Astronomers announce that 2014 UZ224 is the third most distant Solar System object known from our Sun, currently over 90 times the Earth's distance from the Sun (90.8 AU or 8.44 billion miles), after Eris (96.2 AU) and V774104 (~103 AU). ](/news/2016/10/11/astronomers-announce-that-2014-uz224-is-the-third-most-distant-solar-system-object-known-from-our-sun-currently-over-90-times-the-earth-s-d.md) _Context: Sun_
2. [Scientists at Northumbria University in northeast England develop a computerized statistical model of the Sun's solar cycle (a measurement of the number of sunspots and solar flares, in this case between 1976 and 2008, and their intensity and activity). While preliminary, and not yet peer-reviewed, the data predicts irregularities in the cycle: the Northern Hemisphere could experience a slight lowering in temperatures in the 2030s. ](/news/2015/07/14/scientists-at-northumbria-university-in-northeast-england-develop-a-computerized-statistical-model-of-the-sun-s-solar-cycle-a-measurement-o.md) _Context: Sun_
3. [Comet ISON breaks up into a cloud of debris after skimming the Sun. ](/news/2013/12/1/comet-ison-breaks-up-into-a-cloud-of-debris-after-skimming-the-sun.md) _Context: Sun_
4. [At least part of Comet C/2012 S1 (also known as Comet Ison) emerged from behind the Sun's corona. ](/news/2013/11/29/at-least-part-of-comet-c-2012-s1-also-known-as-comet-ison-emerged-from-behind-the-sun-s-corona.md) _Context: Sun_
5. [NASA launches the Interface Region Imaging Spectrograph, a space probe to observe the Sun, from the US state of California. ](/news/2013/06/27/nasa-launches-the-interface-region-imaging-spectrograph-a-space-probe-to-observe-the-sun-from-the-us-state-of-california.md) _Context: Sun_
6. [New data from the NASA space probe MESSENGER indicate that Mercury, the closest planet to the Sun, almost surely has water ice buried beneath the surface at its north pole. ](/news/2012/11/29/new-data-from-the-nasa-space-probe-messenger-indicate-that-mercury-the-closest-planet-to-the-sun-almost-surely-has-water-ice-buried-beneat.md) _Context: Sun_
7. [The Solar Impulse, a solar plane, lands in Morocco, completing the world's first intercontinental flight powered by the Sun. ](/news/2012/06/6/the-solar-impulse-a-solar-plane-lands-in-morocco-completing-the-world-s-first-intercontinental-flight-powered-by-the-sun.md) _Context: Sun_
8. [Astronomers using the Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer telescope identify a Trojan asteroid, calling it ''2010 TK7'', orbiting on the same path as the Earth around the Sun.  The rock poses no danger to the Earth since it sits in a what is termed a gravitational "sweet spot". ](/news/2011/07/28/astronomers-using-the-wide-field-infrared-survey-explorer-telescope-identify-a-trojan-asteroid-calling-it-2010-tk7-orbiting-on-the-sam.md) _Context: Sun_
9. [Data confirms that Voyager 1 has entered the heliopause, the area of space where the Sun's solar wind is stopped by the interstellar wind. It is believed the probe will now leave the Solar System within the next four years. ](/news/2010/12/15/data-confirms-that-voyager-1-has-entered-the-heliopause-the-area-of-space-where-the-sun-s-solar-wind-is-stopped-by-the-interstellar-wind-i.md) _Context: Sun_
10. [ 31 years after its launch, the Voyager 2 spacecraft sends a detailed view of the shock wave that marks the thinning of the solar wind, the charged particles streaming from the sun, confirming that the heliosphere is actually egg-shaped, possibly due to a tilted magnetic field in local interstellar space. ](/news/2008/07/2/31-years-after-its-launch-the-voyager-2-spacecraft-sends-a-detailed-view-of-the-shock-wave-that-marks-the-thinning-of-the-solar-wind-the.md) _Context: Sun_
