### [2005-09-9](/news/2005/09/9/index.md)

#  United States Department of Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff appoints Vice Admiral Thad W. Allen, chief of staff of the United States Coast Guard, to direct Hurricane Katrina relief efforts in New Orleans, in place of Federal Emergency Management Agency director Michael D. Brown, who returns to Washington to direct planning for future disaster relief. 




### Source:

1. [CTV.ca](http://www.ctv.ca/servlet/ArticleNews/story/CTVNews/1126286105472_12/?hub=TopStories)

### Related:

1. [U.S. Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano announces her resignation to become the President of the University of California. ](/news/2013/07/12/u-s-homeland-security-secretary-janet-napolitano-announces-her-resignation-to-become-the-president-of-the-university-of-california.md) _Context: Department of Homeland Security, Homeland Security Secretary_
2. [ In the United States, it has been revealed that the White House knew of extensive flooding of New Orleans in the hours after Hurricane Katrina struck last August. Michael Brown, the former head of the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), told a Senate Committee that he informed the White House of the seriousness of the situation at a time when even the media were not fully aware of the extent of the flooding. ](/news/2006/02/11/in-the-united-states-it-has-been-revealed-that-the-white-house-knew-of-extensive-flooding-of-new-orleans-in-the-hours-after-hurricane-katr.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina, Michael Brown_
3. [ Michael D. Brown resigns as the head of the Federal Emergency Management Agency of the United States (FEMA) following several days of criticism concerning his handling of the disaster following Hurricane Katrina, and allegations that his official biography is misleading and contains unsubstantiated claims. ](/news/2005/09/12/michael-d-brown-resigns-as-the-head-of-the-federal-emergency-management-agency-of-the-united-states-fema-following-several-days-of-criti.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina, Michael Brown_
4. [Accidents and incidents involving helicopters: A United States Army Combat Aviation Brigade UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter crashes off the coast of Hawaii, with five people on board. A United States Coast Guard-led search for the missing is underway. ](/news/2017/08/16/accidents-and-incidents-involving-helicopters-a-united-states-army-combat-aviation-brigade-uh-60-black-hawk-helicopter-crashes-off-the-coas.md) _Context: United States Coast Guard_
5. [Political appointments by Donald Trump: U.S. President Donald Trump announces Homeland Security Secretary John F. Kelly will be White House Chief of Staff, replacing Reince Priebus. ](/news/2017/07/28/political-appointments-by-donald-trump-u-s-president-donald-trump-announces-homeland-security-secretary-john-f-kelly-will-be-white-house.md) _Context: Homeland Security Secretary_
6. [Political appointments of Donald Trump: Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke withdraws his name from consideration for an assistant secretary position at the Department of Homeland Security. ](/news/2017/06/17/political-appointments-of-donald-trump-milwaukee-county-sheriff-david-clarke-withdraws-his-name-from-consideration-for-an-assistant-secreta.md) _Context: Department of Homeland Security_
7. [The U.S. Department of Homeland Security withdraws its order that Twitter unmask a user whose tweets are critical of President Donald Trump following the company's court filing to block the order on constitutional grounds. ](/news/2017/04/7/the-u-s-department-of-homeland-security-withdraws-its-order-that-twitter-unmask-a-user-whose-tweets-are-critical-of-president-donald-trump.md) _Context: Department of Homeland Security_
8. [U.S. immigration suspension, "State of Washington v. Trump": The Department of Homeland Security says it has stopped enforcing the executive order per Judge James Robart's ruling in "State of Washington v. Trump". The State Department activates visas that had been previously suspended because of this order. ](/news/2017/02/4/u-s-immigration-suspension-state-of-washington-v-trump-the-department-of-homeland-security-says-it-has-stopped-enforcing-the-executive.md) _Context: Department of Homeland Security_
9. [ The U.S. Coast Guard continues to search for the missing "F/V Destination", a Seattle-based fishing vessel operating near St. George, Alaska, with a six-member crew. The Coast Guard has discovered a debris field, but no sign of the crew. ](/news/2017/02/13/the-u-s-coast-guard-continues-to-search-for-the-missing-f-v-destination-a-seattle-based-fishing-vessel-operating-near-st-george-alask.md) _Context: United States Coast Guard_
10. [Cabinet of Donald Trump: The U.S. Senate confirms the first two members of President Donald Trump's Cabinet: retired Marine General James Mattis as Secretary of Defense, and retired Marine general John F. Kelly as Secretary of Homeland Security. ](/news/2017/01/20/cabinet-of-donald-trump-the-u-s-senate-confirms-the-first-two-members-of-president-donald-trump-s-cabinet-retired-marine-general-james-ma.md) _Context: Homeland Security Secretary_
