### [2006-04-8](/news/2006/04/8/index.md)

#  The United Front for Democratic Change has attacked and gained control of the cities of Haraze Mangueigne, Am Timan, and Abou-Deia, in Chad. Their initial attack came from northern Central African Republic with the help of the Military of Sudan. This is the largest and most successful attack since the start of the Chadian-Sudanese conflict despite taking only an hour, with only four men injured and none killed because the Chadian military has either fled or refused to fight the rebels. 




### Source:

1. [AlertNet](http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/L09233053.htm)

### Related:

1. [ Human Rights Watch discovers that on April 12 and April 13, 2006, Sudanese soldiers and Chadian rebels massacred 118 civilians in the city of Djawara with machetes and then buried them in mass graves. If the allegations are true, then the Sudanese government has sponsored genocide in Chad, and it has violated the Tripoli Accord. ](/news/2006/05/25/human-rights-watch-discovers-that-on-april-12-and-april-13-2006-sudanese-soldiers-and-chadian-rebels-massacred-118-civilians-in-the-city.md) _Context: Chad, Chadian rebels, Sudanese military_
2. [ Over 150 Chadian soldiers are killed in eastern Chad by members of the rebel UFDC. The growing rebel movement seeks to overthrow Chadian president Idriss Deby. ](/news/2006/03/21/over-150-chadian-soldiers-are-killed-in-eastern-chad-by-members-of-the-rebel-ufdc-the-growing-rebel-movement-seeks-to-overthrow-chadian-pr.md) _Context: Chad, Chadian military, Chadian rebels_
3. [Six peacekeepers from Chad are killed in clashes in the Central African Republic. ](/news/2013/12/26/six-peacekeepers-from-chad-are-killed-in-clashes-in-the-central-african-republic.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Chad_
4. [Chad sends troops to the Central African Republic to help defend the town of Bria from the Seleka rebel coalition. ](/news/2012/12/19/chad-sends-troops-to-the-central-african-republic-to-help-defend-the-town-of-bria-from-the-seleka-rebel-coalition.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Chad_
5. [A coalition of rebel groups called "Seleka" take over the Central African Republic mining town of Bria, killing at least 15 government soldiers. The group is spearheaded by UFDR forces and has already taken five towns in its two-week offensive, which it claims is because of a lack of progress after a peace deal ended the 2004-2007 Bush War. Following an appeal for help from President Francois Bozize, the President of Chad Idriss Deby sends 20 vehicles of heavily armed troops to help quell the rebellion. ](/news/2012/12/18/a-coalition-of-rebel-groups-called-seleka-take-over-the-central-african-republic-mining-town-of-bria-killing-at-least-15-government-soldi.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Chad_
6. [Rebels from Chad rob 40 people &ndash; including a local government official &ndash; in attacks in the Central African Republic. ](/news/2012/02/19/rebels-from-chad-rob-40-people-ndash-including-a-local-government-official-ndash-in-attacks-in-the-central-african-republic.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Chad_
7. [ France calls for a joint force of United Nations and European Union peacekeepers in parts of Chad and the Central African Republic bordering the Darfur region of Sudan. ](/news/2007/09/19/france-calls-for-a-joint-force-of-united-nations-and-european-union-peacekeepers-in-parts-of-chad-and-the-central-african-republic-borderin.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Chad_
8. [ Chad has offered to send troops to the Central African Republic to help fight rebels it claims are backed by Sudan. ](/news/2006/11/18/chad-has-offered-to-send-troops-to-the-central-african-republic-to-help-fight-rebels-it-claims-are-backed-by-sudan.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Chad_
9. [ Chadian rebels attack the neighboring Central African Republic. They have reportedly formed an alliance with CAR rebels. Large areas of both countries have descended into violence. ](/news/2006/06/27/chadian-rebels-attack-the-neighboring-central-african-republic-they-have-reportedly-formed-an-alliance-with-car-rebels-large-areas-of-bot.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Chad_
10. [ Human Rights Watch estimates that several hundred civilians in eastern Chad have been massacred by Sudanese Janjaweed and UFDC attacks in the past week alone. HRW also accuses the Government of Sudan of using child soldiers. HRW Africa Director Peter Takirambudde refers to the attacks as "havoc," and that civilians "are trapped between the carnage in Darfur and Chad's downward spiral into chaos." ](/news/2006/06/23/human-rights-watch-estimates-that-several-hundred-civilians-in-eastern-chad-have-been-massacred-by-sudanese-janjaweed-and-ufdc-attacks-in-t.md) _Context: Chad, Chadian-Sudanese conflict_
