### [2004-02-16](/news/2004/02/16/index.md)

#  L. Paul Bremer, the United States administrator of Iraq states he will veto any interim constitution that would make Islam "the chief source of law", as opposed to "a source of inspiration for the law." Many Iraqi women express fears that the rights they hold under Iraq's longtime secular system may be denied them in the interim constitution based upon Islam as "the chief source of law." 




### Source:

1. [NYT](http://www.nytimes.com/aponline/international/AP-Iraq-Women.html)

### Related:

1. [ Polls close in Iraq marking the first multi-party election in 50 years. Electoral officials estimate about a 50&ndash;70% turnout. A series of election day attacks across the country killed at least 44 people, mainly in Baghdad. The 275-member National Assembly will create a new constitution, choose a new president and two new vice presidents. Most candidate names on the various party lists remained anonymous. ](/news/2005/01/30/polls-close-in-iraq-marking-the-first-multi-party-election-in-50-years-electoral-officials-estimate-about-a-50-ndash-70-turnout-a-series.md) _Context: Iraq, constitution_
2. [ Last minute disagreement delays signing of Iraq's interim constitution. ](/news/2004/03/5/last-minute-disagreement-delays-signing-of-iraq-s-interim-constitution.md) _Context: Iraq, constitution_
3. [ Iraq's leaders meet deadline for drafting interim constitution. ](/news/2004/02/29/iraq-s-leaders-meet-deadline-for-drafting-interim-constitution.md) _Context: Iraq, constitution_
4. [ U.S.-appointed civil administrator of Iraq, L. Paul Bremer reveals that he survived an attack on his convoy on December 6. ](/news/2003/12/19/u-s-appointed-civil-administrator-of-iraq-l-paul-bremer-reveals-that-he-survived-an-attack-on-his-convoy-on-december-6.md) _Context: Iraq, L. Paul Bremer_
5. [ Iraq's Civil Administrator L. Paul Bremer announces that Saddam Hussein was captured by US forces. Saddam was found approximately 15 km south of his home town of Tikrit at 2030 local time on December 13. Hussein was captured without resistance in a so-called "spider-hole" at a farmhouse in the town of ad-Dawr. He is in Coalition custody at an undisclosed location. At a press conference, Bremer presents video of Saddam in custody with a full beard, which is later shown removed. Bremer says that Saddam is in good health and is being "co-operative and talkative". He says that Saddam will "face justice" before an Iraqi court and under Iraqi law. ](/news/2003/12/14/iraq-s-civil-administrator-l-paul-bremer-announces-that-saddam-hussein-was-captured-by-us-forces-saddam-was-found-approximately-15-km-sou.md) _Context: Iraq, L. Paul Bremer_
6. [ 2003 occupation of Iraq: New draft resolution being circulated at the United Nations aims at getting international aid. The resolution sets a deadline for initial steps, if only for a transitional step, toward restoring Iraqi sovereignty, giving the Iraqi Governing Council until December 15 to develop a timetable for writing a constitution and holding elections. The Bush administration proposes that the United Nations recognize the Iraqi Governing Council as a unit that "will embody the sovereignty" of Iraq until the country returns to self-rule.](/news/2003/10/13/2003-occupation-of-iraq-new-draft-resolution-being-circulated-at-the-united-nations-aims-at-getting-international-aid-the-resolution-sets.md) _Context: Iraq, constitution_
7. [ Iraq - Constitution: Secretary of State Colin Powell, responding to a rapid timetable self-rule demands from France (and others), states the United States would set a deadline of six months for Iraqi leaders working under the coalition occupation to produce a new constitution. The constitution would clear the way for elections and the installation of a new leadership next year.](/news/2003/09/26/iraq-a-constitution-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-responding-to-a-rapid-timetable-self-rule-demands-from-france-and-others-states.md) _Context: Iraq, constitution_
8. [Voters in Iraqi Kurdistan head to the polls for a historic referendum on independence from Iraq. ](/news/2017/09/25/voters-in-iraqi-kurdistan-head-to-the-polls-for-a-historic-referendum-on-independence-from-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq_
9. [Seven people are killed and 13 are injured after suicide bombers hit a state-run power station near the northern city of Samarra, Iraq. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/09/2/seven-people-are-killed-and-13-are-injured-after-suicide-bombers-hit-a-state-run-power-station-near-the-northern-city-of-samarra-iraq-the.md) _Context: Iraq_
10. [U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District of Michigan, Mark A. Goldsmith, halts for 90 days the mass deportation from the United States of more than 1,400 Iraqi nationals, including Chaldean Christians, to allow the plaintiffs time to appeal their cases. The American Civil Liberties Union petitioned for the injunction stating these people would face persecution in Iraq where they are considered ethnic and religious minorities. ](/news/2017/07/24/u-s-district-judge-for-the-eastern-district-of-michigan-mark-a-goldsmith-halts-for-90-days-the-mass-deportation-from-the-united-states-o.md) _Context: Iraq_
