### [2004-02-16](/news/2004/02/16/index.md)

#  Officials at the city and county of San Francisco, California, estimate by the end of the day that they will have issued 2,000 licenses for same-sex marriages in the four days since they started granting legal recognition to gay and lesbian unions. 

Things to do in Miami


### Source:

1. [Mercury News](http://www.mercurynews.com/mld/mercurynews/news/local/7964972.htm)
2. [Miami Herald](http://www.miami.com/mld/miamiherald/news/nation/7963377.htm)

### Related:

1. [ Same-sex marriage in the United States: The California Supreme Court refuses a petition by California Attorney General Bill Lockyer asking for an immediate ruling on the constitutionality of same-sex marriage laws and a cease and desist order against San Francisco's granting of marriage licenses to same-sex couples. ](/news/2004/02/27/same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-the-california-supreme-court-refuses-a-petition-by-california-attorney-general-bill-lockyer-asking.md) _Context: San Francisco, California, marriage license, same-sex marriage_
2. [ Same-sex marriage in the United States: San Francisco Superior court Judge James L. Warner postpones any decision to block the city and county of San Francisco, California, from issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples and to void the 2,464 same-sex marriages that were performed in the city since February 12. This was on the grounds that the Proposition 22 Legal Defense and Education Fund's order for San Francisco to "cease and desist issuing marriage licenses to and/or solemnizing marriages of same-sex couples; to show cause before this court&nbsp;..." had an improper semicolon; to do both, rather than one or the other, would have exceeded the judge's jurisdiction. ](/news/2004/02/17/same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-san-francisco-superior-court-judge-james-l-warner-postpones-any-decision-to-block-the-city-and-cou.md) _Context: San Francisco, California, marriage license, same-sex marriage_
3. [ Same-sex marriage in the United States: Officials at the city and county of San Francisco, California, turn away hundreds of would-be same-sex newlyweds after thousands of gay and lesbian couples show up to marry over the weekend. The city claims it can only handle between 400 and 600 marriages a day, or about one a minute. ](/news/2004/02/15/same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-officials-at-the-city-and-county-of-san-francisco-california-turn-away-hundreds-of-would-be-same.md) _Context: San Francisco, California, gay, lesbian_
4. [US District Court Judge Virginia A. Phillips rules that the United States military's don't ask, don't tell policy violates the First Amendment rights of gay men and lesbians. ](/news/2010/09/9/us-district-court-judge-virginia-a-phillips-rules-that-the-united-states-military-s-don-t-ask-don-t-tell-policy-violates-the-first-amendme.md) _Context: gay, lesbian_
5. [ The bishops of the United States Episcopal Church agree to "exercise restraint" by not consecrating more gay bishops or authorizing rites for the blessing of same-sex unions in order to prevent a schism in the Anglican Church worldwide. ](/news/2007/09/26/the-bishops-of-the-united-states-episcopal-church-agree-to-exercise-restraint-by-not-consecrating-more-gay-bishops-or-authorizing-rites-f.md) _Context: gay, same-sex marriage_
6. [ Democratic candidates in the United States presidential election appear in a televised forum sponsored by Human Rights Campaign Foundation and focusing on gay and lesbian issues. ](/news/2007/08/9/democratic-candidates-in-the-united-states-presidential-election-appear-in-a-televised-forum-sponsored-by-human-rights-campaign-foundation.md) _Context: gay, lesbian_
7. [ Same-sex marriage in the United States: Commissioners of Multnomah County, Oregon, dismiss state attorney general Hardy Myers' non-binding opinion that same-sex marriages are illegal and vow to continue issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples. ](/news/2004/03/15/same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-commissioners-of-multnomah-county-oregon-dismiss-state-attorney-general-hardy-myers-non-binding.md) _Context: marriage license, same-sex marriage_
8. [ King Norodom Sihanouk of Cambodia, who recently made a statement in support of same-sex marriage, responded to an "insulting" e-mail by announcing he is not gay. The king is 81 years old and has 14 children. ](/news/2004/02/25/king-norodom-sihanouk-of-cambodia-who-recently-made-a-statement-in-support-of-same-sex-marriage-responded-to-an-insulting-e-mail-by-ann.md) _Context: gay, same-sex marriage_
9. [ City officials in San Francisco, California, start issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples, performing the first known civil marriage of a same-sex couple in the U.S. by marrying a lesbian couple, gay rights activists Del Martin and Phyllis Lyon. Over 80 couples whisked through quick ceremonies. Various conservative and other family groups, including the Campaign for California Families, plan to sue the mayor of San Francisco for violating California's marriage laws. The Family Research Council (FRC) states that ""It could not be clearer that the institution of marriage is under a direct assault by homosexual activists"". Virginia House of Delegates give preliminary approval to legislation that would ban the recognition of same-sex civil unions and domestic partnerships.](/news/2004/02/12/city-officials-in-san-francisco-california-start-issuing-marriage-licenses-to-same-sex-couples-performing-the-first-known-civil-marriage.md) _Context: San Francisco, California, lesbian_
10. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: an Ontario court rules that Canadians whose same-sex partners died after 1985 are entitled to survivors' benefits. It is believed to be the first class-action lawsuit awarding compensation to gays and lesbians anywhere in the world. [http://www.cbc.ca/stories/2003/12/19/samesex_benefits031219]](/news/2003/12/19/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-an-ontario-court-rules-that-canadians-whose-same-sex-partners-died-after-1985-are-entitled-to-survivors-benef.md) _Context: gay, lesbian_
