### [2017-05-17](/news/2017/05/17/index.md)

#  Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appoints former FBI Director Robert Mueller as special counsel to oversee the FBI's investigation of Russia's efforts to influence the 2016 election. 

Mueller will oversee the investigation into efforts to influence the election.


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/robert-mueller-appointed-special-counsel-oversee-probe-russias/story?id=47472673)
2. [Bloomberg](https://www.bloomberg.com/politics/articles/2017-05-17/former-fbi-chief-mueller-named-special-counsel-on-russia-probe)
2. [Cover Image](http://a.abcnews.com/images/Politics/GTY-Mueller-jrl-170517_16x9_992.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Facebook agrees to disclose ads that ran in the U.S. in 2016 from accounts associated with a Russian entity known as the Internet Research Agency to United States Congressional investigators. Earlier, this information was provided to Special Counsel Robert Mueller. ](/news/2017/09/21/facebook-agrees-to-disclose-ads-that-ran-in-the-u-s-in-2016-from-accounts-associated-with-a-russian-entity-known-as-the-internet-research-a.md) _Context: Robert Mueller, Russia, Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections_
2. [James Comey, the former FBI Director who was dismissed by President Donald Trump last month, appears before the United States Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. Comey says he believes he was fired because of the FBI investigation into the possible collusion between President Trump's campaign team and Russia's interference in the 2016 elections.](/news/2017/06/8/james-comey-the-former-fbi-director-who-was-dismissed-by-president-donald-trump-last-month-appears-before-the-united-states-senate-select.md) _Context: Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Russia, Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections_
3. [The United States Department of Justice has requested Moscow-based Russian media channel RT America to register as a foreign lobbying firm in the United States. ](/news/2017/09/12/the-united-states-department-of-justice-has-requested-moscow-based-russian-media-channel-rt-america-to-register-as-a-foreign-lobbying-firm-i.md) _Context: Russia, Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections_
4. [Special counsel Robert Mueller has impaneled a grand jury in Washington, D.C. to investigate allegations of Russia's interference in the 2016 elections. ](/news/2017/08/3/special-counsel-robert-mueller-has-impaneled-a-grand-jury-in-washington-d-c-to-investigate-allegations-of-russiaas-interference-in-the-2.md) _Context: Robert Mueller, Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections_
5. [United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions, along with Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein and National Intelligence Director Dan Coats visit the Guantanamo Bay Detention Camp. ](/news/2017/07/7/united-states-attorney-general-jeff-sessions-along-with-deputy-attorney-general-rod-rosenstein-and-national-intelligence-director-dan-coats.md) _Context: Deputy Attorney General, Rod Rosenstein_
6. [The U.S. Attorney's Office in Alexandria, Virginia, through U.S. Attorney Dana Boente, issues subpoenas to former National Security Advisor Michael T. Flynn to assess the extent of his ties to Russia. ](/news/2017/05/10/the-u-s-attorney-s-office-in-alexandria-virginia-through-u-s-attorney-dana-boente-issues-subpoenas-to-former-national-security-advisor.md) _Context: Russia, Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections_
7. [Facebook tells congressional investigators an operation, traced to a Russian company seeking to target voters, spent $100,000 on thousands of U.S. ads promoting divisive social and political messages during the 2016 U.S. election. ](/news/2017/09/6/facebook-tells-congressional-investigators-an-operation-traced-to-a-russian-company-seeking-to-target-voters-spent-100-000-on-thousands-o.md) _Context: Russia_
8. [A Russian lieutenant general, Valery Asapov, is killed by mortar fire from ISIL militants near the city of Deir ez-Zor, according to the Russian Defence Ministry. Asapov has been described as one of the senior Russian military advisers in Syria. ](/news/2017/09/24/a-russian-lieutenant-general-valery-asapov-is-killed-by-mortar-fire-from-isil-militants-near-the-city-of-deir-ez-zor-according-to-the-rus.md) _Context: Russia_
9. [Russian and Syrian warplanes carry out airstrikes in southern Idlib, killing three civilians and wounding others. ](/news/2017/09/21/russian-and-syrian-warplanes-carry-out-airstrikes-in-southern-idlib-killing-three-civilians-and-wounding-others.md) _Context: Russia_
10. [Russia and Belarus begin a six-day joint strategic military exercise inside Belarus and Russia's Kaliningrad Oblast. The military exercise simulates war against the fictional state of Veyshnoria. According to the Defence Ministry of Belarus, fewer than 13,000 personnel will be taking part in the exercise; however, Western analysts believe the total number will range from 60,000 to 100,000. ](/news/2017/09/14/russia-and-belarus-begin-a-six-day-joint-strategic-military-exercise-inside-belarus-and-russia-s-kaliningrad-oblast-the-military-exercise-s.md) _Context: Russia_
