### [2017-05-17](/news/2017/05/17/index.md)

# Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections. Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appoints former FBI Director Robert Mueller as special counsel to oversee the FBI-s investigation of Russia-s efforts to influence the 2016 election. 

Mueller will oversee the investigation into efforts to influence the election.


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/robert-mueller-appointed-special-counsel-oversee-probe-russias/story?id=47472673)
2. [Bloomberg](https://www.bloomberg.com/politics/articles/2017-05-17/former-fbi-chief-mueller-named-special-counsel-on-russia-probe)

### Related:

1. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections. James Comey, the former FBI Director who was dismissed by President Donald Trump last month, appears before the United States Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. Comey says he believes he was fired because of the FBI investigation into the possible collusion between President Trump's campaign team and Russia's interference in the 2016 elections.](/news/2017/06/8/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-james-comey-the-former-fbi-director-who-was-dismissed-by-president-donald-trump-l.md) _Context: Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Russia, Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections_
2. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections. Special counsel Robert Mueller has impaneled a grand jury in Washington, D.C. to investigate allegations of Russia-s interference in the 2016 elections. ](/news/2017/08/3/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-special-counsel-robert-mueller-has-impaneled-a-grand-jury-in-washington-d-c-to-i.md) _Context: Robert Mueller, Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections_
3. [United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions, along with Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein and National Intelligence Director Dan Coats visit the Guantanamo Bay Detention Camp. ](/news/2017/07/7/united-states-attorney-general-jeff-sessions-along-with-deputy-attorney-general-rod-rosenstein-and-national-intelligence-director-dan-coats.md) _Context: Deputy Attorney General, Rod Rosenstein_
4. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections. The U.S. Attorney's Office in Alexandria, Virginia, through U.S. Attorney Dana Boente, issues subpoenas to former National Security Advisor Michael T. Flynn to assess the extent of his ties to Russia. ](/news/2017/05/10/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-the-u-s-attorney-s-office-in-alexandria-virginia-through-u-s-attorney-dana-boe.md) _Context: Russia, Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections_
5. [Syrian Civil War. Central Syria campaign (July 2017-present). A Syrian Army commando unit backed by Russian warplanes and helicopters kills 25 ISIL militants in Central Syria, in the northeast of the Homs Governorate. ](/news/2017/08/13/syrian-civil-war-central-syria-campaign-july-2017-present-a-syrian-army-commando-unit-backed-by-russian-warplanes-and-helicopters-kill.md) _Context: Russia_
6. [Political appointments by Donald Trump. The United States Senate, in a 92-5 vote, confirms Christopher A. Wray as Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ](/news/2017/08/1/political-appointments-by-donald-trump-the-united-states-senate-in-a-92-5-vote-confirms-christopher-a-wray-as-director-of-the-federal.md) _Context: Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation_
7. [GTA gang. Three so-called GTA gang members are shot dead and four others are wounded, including two guards, at a courthouse in Moscow, Russia, after they attempted to escape. ](/news/2017/08/1/gta-gang-three-so-called-gta-gang-members-are-shot-dead-and-four-others-are-wounded-including-two-guards-at-a-courthouse-in-moscow-russi.md) _Context: Russia_
8. [United States embargoes. The U.S. House of Representatives votes in favor of economic sanctions against Russia for its interference in the 2016 U.S. election, and against Iran and North Korea for their weapons programs. ](/news/2017/07/25/united-states-embargoes-the-u-s-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-economic-sanctions-against-russia-for-its-interference-in-the-2.md) _Context: Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections_
9. [Syrian Civil War. The Russian air force bombards the city of Madan and Zor Shamr Camp, south and east of Raqqa, Syria, with cluster bombs, killing six civilians and wounding 19 others. Nearby Alburamadan town was also struck; there are no reports of casualties. ](/news/2017/07/23/syrian-civil-war-the-russian-air-force-bombards-the-city-of-madan-and-zor-shamr-camp-south-and-east-of-raqqa-syria-with-cluster-bombs-k.md) _Context: Russia_
10. [United States sanctions. Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/united-states-sanctions-negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea.md) _Context: Russia_
