### [2015-12-4](/news/2015/12/4/index.md)

# A three-judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit hears arguments about whether the net neutrality rules of the Federal Communications Commission are within the FCC's statutory mandate. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-internet-idUSKBN0TN18D20151204#vjf96SECUl8ZGtr2.97)

### Related:

1. [A U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit three-judge  panel upholds the Federal Communications Commission's net neutrality rules that prohibit broadband providers from giving or selling access to faster internet service to selected customers. ](/news/2016/06/14/a-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-district-of-columbia-circuit-three-judge-panel-upholds-the-federal-communications-commission-s-net-neutrali.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission, U.S. Appeals Court Judge, net neutrality_
2. [United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit rules that the FCC cannot enforce net neutrality and that Comcast can limit its customers' access to BitTorrent. ](/news/2010/04/6/united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-district-of-columbia-circuit-rules-that-the-fcc-cannot-enforce-net-neutrality-and-that-comcast-can-li.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission, U.S. Appeals Court Judge, net neutrality_
3. [The Federal Communications Commission votes to overturn a 2015 ruling requiring net neutrality. ](/news/2017/05/19/the-federal-communications-commission-votes-to-overturn-a-2015-ruling-requiring-net-neutrality.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission, net neutrality_
4. [ The United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit rules that the FCC overstepped its authority in attempting to impose the "broadcast flag" on hardware manufacturers. ](/news/2005/05/6/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-district-of-columbia-circuit-rules-that-the-fcc-overstepped-its-authority-in-attempting-to-impos.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission, U.S. Appeals Court Judge_
5. [U.S. Appeals Court Judge Patricia Millett rejects the Federal Aviation Administration argument that seat size is unimportant when passengers exit a plane in an emergency, and orders the FAA to set minimum standards for the space airlines give passengers.  ](/news/2017/07/28/u-s-appeals-court-judge-patricia-millett-rejects-the-federal-aviation-administration-argument-that-seat-size-is-unimportant-when-passengers.md) _Context: U.S. Appeals Court Judge_
6. [Several major internet companies and activist groups post messages defending net neutrality. ](/news/2017/07/12/several-major-internet-companies-and-activist-groups-post-messages-defending-net-neutrality.md) _Context: net neutrality_
7. [The United States Federal Communications Commission announces an expansion of  the federal Lifeline program, which currently offers monthly subsidies for phone and basic cell service, to include broadband Internet service, pending approval at the Commissioners' March 31 meeting. ](/news/2016/03/8/the-united-states-federal-communications-commission-announces-an-expansion-of-the-federal-lifeline-program-which-currently-offers-monthly.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission_
8. [U.S. Federal Communications Commissioner Michael O'Rielly says, during a speech at the American Action Forum, that Netflix's admission last week that it has been intentionally slowing its video streaming transmission on some wireless mobile carriers for five years "deeply disturbing" which might warrant an investigation by the Federal Trade Commission and/or Congress. ](/news/2016/03/29/u-s-federal-communications-commissioner-michael-o-rielly-says-during-a-speech-at-the-american-action-forum-that-netflix-s-admission-last.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission_
9. [The United States Federal Communications Commission rejects  privacy advocacy group Consumer Watchdog's petition to make it illegal for Internet companies like Google, Facebook and ad providers to ignore  "Do Not Track" browser settings. ](/news/2015/11/6/the-united-states-federal-communications-commission-rejects-privacy-advocacy-group-consumer-watchdog-s-petition-to-make-it-illegal-for-inte.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission_
10. [The United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia suspends district court judge Richard Leon's ruling yesterday that found the U.S. National Security Agency's phone data collection program is unconstitutional. Leon's decision barred the agency from further collection of data on the plaintiffs in the case -- California attorney J.J. Little and his law firm -- but did not have sufficient authority to outlaw the practice against all Americans. The government plea for the injunction said it will take "at least several weeks" for the NSA to implement a technical change that would prevent collection of Little's data and therefore the entire program would have to shut down early based on Leon's order. ](/news/2015/11/10/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-district-of-columbia-suspends-district-court-judge-richard-leon-s-ruling-yesterday-that-found-the.md) _Context: U.S. Appeals Court Judge_
