### [2015-12-4](/news/2015/12/4/index.md)

# In an act of solidarity with France following the Paris massacre, Germany's parliament (the Bundestag) approves measures to move past the military's primary defensive role, to send six of its 29 operational, yet aged, Tornado reconnaissance aircraft, and as many as 1,200 soldiers to support the coalition missions against Islamic State militants in Syria. The airplanes will be limited to support activities; they will not fly combat missions. 

German lawmakers voted Friday to send troops and six aging reconnaissance planes to support the campaign against the Islamic State in Syria, approving a measure that avoided any mention of war in a proudly pacifist country still wary of combat more than seven decades after World War II.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2015/12/04/europe/isis-germany-syria/index.html)
2. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/mideast-crisis-germany-idINL8N13S41D20151203)
3. [The Los Angeles Times](http://www.latimes.com/world/europe/la-fg-germany-islamic-state-20151204-story.html)
3. [Cover Image](http://www.trbimg.com/img-5661b49c/turbine/la-fg-germany-islamic-state-20151204)

### Related:

1. [British Prime Minister David Cameron, in a speech to the House of Commons says that Islamic extremists have already threatened citizens of the United Kingdom and UK military airstrikes against ISIL in Syria will serve only to make the UK safer. Cameron also says that the UK cannot outsource its security and must stand by France in the wake of the November 2015 Paris attacks. ](/news/2015/11/26/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-in-a-speech-to-the-house-of-commons-says-that-islamic-extremists-have-already-threatened-citizens-of-t.md) _Context: France, Islamic State, Military intervention against ISIL, November 2015 Paris Attacks, Syria_
2. [ A U.S. airstrike in Al-Raqqah, Syria, kills four ISIL leaders, two of which were confirmed to have roles in the November 2015 Paris Attacks. ](/news/2016/12/14/a-u-s-airstrike-in-al-raqqah-syria-kills-four-isil-leaders-two-of-which-were-confirmed-to-have-roles-in-the-november-2015-paris-attacks.md) _Context: Islamic State, Military intervention against ISIL, November 2015 Paris Attacks, Syria_
3. [The United Kingdom's Royal Air Force bombs Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant-controlled oil wells in eastern Syria. At least four Tornado GR4 fighter jets, operating out of RAF Akrotiri in Cyprus, were involved in raids. The Ministry of Defence said initial analysis "indicates that the strikes were successful". ](/news/2015/12/3/the-united-kingdom-s-royal-air-force-bombs-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-controlled-oil-wells-in-eastern-syria-at-least-four-tornado.md) _Context: Islamic State, Military intervention against ISIL, Syria, Tornado_
4. [Russian warships launch cruise missiles from the Caspian Sea against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant positions in Syria's eastern Deir ez-Zor. Russian Defense Minister, Sergey Shoigu, reported over 600 terrorists were killed in the strikes. Video footage also emerged of Russian ground crew servicemen writing the words "For Paris" on bombs to be dropped on ISIL targets in a show of solidarity with France in the wake of the November 13 terror attacks that left 130 people dead in Paris. ](/news/2015/11/20/russian-warships-launch-cruise-missiles-from-the-caspian-sea-against-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-positions-in-syria-s-eastern-deir.md) _Context: France, Islamic State, November 2015 Paris Attacks, Syria_
5. [Cyprus offers France the use of its airbase facilities to bomb the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant in Syria. Cypriot airbases are already being used by British and Canadian air forces for military operations. ](/news/2015/11/20/cyprus-offers-france-the-use-of-its-airbase-facilities-to-bomb-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-in-syria-cypriot-airbases-are-alrea.md) _Context: France, Islamic State, Military intervention against ISIL, Syria_
6. [France says it has carried out its first air-strikes against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant within Syria, destroying a training camp in the east of the country. Previously, France had only carried out air-strikes in Iraq with consent of the Iraqi government. ](/news/2015/09/27/france-says-it-has-carried-out-its-first-air-strikes-against-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-within-syria-destroying-a-training-ca.md) _Context: France, Islamic State, Military intervention against ISIL, Syria_
7. [The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria-following-russia-s-threat-that-it-would-treat-any-ai.md) _Context: Islamic State, Military intervention against ISIL, Syria_
8. [Denmark's government announces it will be withdrawing its seven F-16 fighter jets from military operations against ISIL in Iraq and Syria from mid-December. ](/news/2016/12/2/denmark-s-government-announces-it-will-be-withdrawing-its-seven-f-16-fighter-jets-from-military-operations-against-isil-in-iraq-and-syria-fr.md) _Context: Islamic State, Military intervention against ISIL, Syria_
9. [France conducts airstrikes against ISIL positions in Iraq from the French aircraft carrier "Charles de Gaulle". ](/news/2016/09/30/france-conducts-airstrikes-against-isil-positions-in-iraq-from-the-french-aircraft-carrier-charles-de-gaulle.md) _Context: France, Islamic State, Military intervention against ISIL_
10. [The United States Air Force deploys B-52 bombers to Al Udeid Air Base in Qatar to join operations against ISIL in Syria and Iraq. This is the first time they have been stationed in the Middle East since the end of the Gulf War in 1991. ](/news/2016/04/9/the-united-states-air-force-deploys-b-52-bombers-to-al-udeid-air-base-in-qatar-to-join-operations-against-isil-in-syria-and-iraq-this-is-th.md) _Context: Islamic State, Military intervention against ISIL, Syria_
