### [2015-12-4](/news/2015/12/4/index.md)

# Tashfeen Malik, the female suspect in the San Bernardino, California shootings pledged allegiance to the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant online. 

A mass shooting in San Bernardino, California, that left 14 people dead, is being investigated as an act of terrorism, the FBI says.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-35006404#)

### Related:

1. [Two people open fire in San Bernardino, California (U.S.) at a center for people with developmental disabilities, killing at least 14 people and injuring 14 others in what the city's police chief described as an act of domestic terrorism. ](/news/2015/12/2/two-people-open-fire-in-san-bernardino-california-u-s-at-a-center-for-people-with-developmental-disabilities-killing-at-least-14-people.md) _Context: 2015 San Bernardino shooting, San Bernardino, California_
2. [The Syrian Army lifts the 28-month-long siege of Deir ez-Zor by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. Syrian President Bashar al-Assad congratulates commanders for the victory. ](/news/2017/09/5/the-syrian-army-lifts-the-28-month-long-siege-of-deir-ez-zor-by-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-c.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
3. [Syrian state television reports the Syrian Army reaches a point 3 kilometers from Deir ez-Zor, a city besieged by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant since 2014. ](/news/2017/09/4/syrian-state-television-reports-the-syrian-army-reaches-a-point-3-kilometers-from-deir-ez-zor-a-city-besieged-by-the-islamic-state-of-iraq.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
4. [Seven people are killed and 13 are injured after suicide bombers hit a state-run power station near the northern city of Samarra, Iraq. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/09/2/seven-people-are-killed-and-13-are-injured-after-suicide-bombers-hit-a-state-run-power-station-near-the-northern-city-of-samarra-iraq-the.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [CJTF-OIR jets destroy a section of road, blocking the path of a convoy carrying ISIL evacuees from the Lebanon-Syria border en route to Abu Kamal in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. The convoy, carrying 308 militants and 331 civilians according to Hezbollah, is now effectively stranded in Syrian government-controlled territory. ](/news/2017/08/30/cjtfaoir-jets-destroy-a-section-of-road-blocking-the-path-of-a-convoy-carrying-isil-evacuees-from-the-lebanonasyria-border-en-route-to.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [ISIL militants and their families, estimated to be around 600 people, begin to leave their strongholds on the Lebanon-Syria border and Qalamun Mountains for the Deir ez-Zor Governorate under Syrian military escort. A ceasefire was reached between warring parties yesterday. ](/news/2017/08/28/isil-militants-and-their-families-estimated-to-be-around-600-people-begin-to-leave-their-strongholds-on-the-lebanonasyria-border-and-qal.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [The Iraqi Army announces it is in full control of the Iraqi Turkmen city of Tal Afar in the Nineveh Governorate, after eight days of clashes with ISIL militants inside the city. ](/news/2017/08/27/the-iraqi-army-announces-it-is-in-full-control-of-the-iraqi-turkmen-city-of-tal-afar-in-the-nineveh-governorate-after-eight-days-of-clashes.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [Iraqi security forces, along with Shi'ite volunteers and Kurdish Peshmerga fighters, launch a ground offensive to take the city of Tal Afar back from Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. The city has been isolated from the rest of the ISIL-held territory since the recent Mosul liberation. ](/news/2017/08/20/iraqi-security-forces-along-with-shi-ite-volunteers-and-kurdish-peshmerga-fighters-launch-a-ground-offensive-to-take-the-city-of-tal-afar.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [The Lebanese Armed Forces launches operation "Fajr al-Joroud", and on the first day recaptures 30 km of territory near the Lebanon-Syria border formerly occupied by ISIS militants. Twenty ISIS militants were killed and 10 Lebanese soldiers were wounded. ](/news/2017/08/19/the-lebanese-armed-forces-launches-operation-fajr-al-joroud-and-on-the-first-day-recaptures-30-km-of-territory-near-the-lebanonasyria-b.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [A van drives into crowds of people in La Rambla, Barcelona, in what Spanish police are calling a terrorist attack, killing at least 12 people. Two suspects are taken into custody, and ISIL claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/08/17/a-van-drives-into-crowds-of-people-in-la-rambla-barcelona-in-what-spanish-police-are-calling-a-terrorist-attack-killing-at-least-12-peopl.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
