### [2015-12-4](/news/2015/12/4/index.md)

# The U.S. Supreme Court agrees to hear an appeal case concerning Puerto Rico's restructuring of debt. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-court-puertorico-idUSKBN0TN2BH20151205)
1. [Cover Image](http://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20151204&t=2&i=1099927502&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXMPEBB315T)

### Related:

1. [Irma has killed at least 14 people. The storm, still at Category 5 strength with maximum sustained winds of 175 mph (280 km/h), is moving west-northwest at 16 mph (26 km/h). It has reached the dual-country island of Hispaniola and is forecast to pass over the Turks and Caicos Islands as it heads towards The Bahamas and Cuba. The eye did not directly hit Puerto Rico; still casualties are reported and around two-thirds of its 3.4 million population are without electricity. ](/news/2017/09/7/irma-has-killed-at-least-14-people-the-storm-still-at-category-5-strength-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-175-mph-280-km-h-is-moving-we.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
2. [Hurricane Irma is now a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph (215 km/h). Hurricane warnings are issued for the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean, which are expected to be affected Tuesday. Rainfalls of up to 10 inches (25 centimeters) are possible. Irma is forecast to strengthen over the next 48 hours. The governors of Puerto Rico and Florida issue states of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/4/hurricane-irma-is-now-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph-215-km-h-hurricane-warnings-are-issued-for-the-leewa.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
3. [Tens of thousands of people in northern Puerto Rico are ordered to evacuate after floodwaters from Hurricane Maria damage the Guajataca Dam. ](/news/2017/09/22/tens-of-thousands-of-people-in-northern-puerto-rico-are-ordered-to-evacuate-after-floodwaters-from-hurricane-maria-damage-the-guajataca-dam.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
4. [  Hurricane Maria makes landfall on Puerto Rico as a Category 4 hurricane. Effects are disastrous and the entire island loses power. Seven deaths are reported on Puerto Rico, along with two on Guadeloupe. Puerto Rican Governor Ricardo Rossello declares a 6:00 p.m. to 6:00 a.m. curfew through Saturday. ](/news/2017/09/20/hurricane-maria-makes-landfall-on-puerto-rico-as-a-category-4-hurricane-effects-are-disastrous-and-the-entire-island-loses-power-seven-d.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
5. [Hurricane Maria reaches Category 5 as it threatens the Leeward Islands, Puerto Rico, and the Dominican Republic. ](/news/2017/09/18/hurricane-maria-reaches-category-5-as-it-threatens-the-leeward-islands-puerto-rico-and-the-dominican-republic.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
6. [The United States Supreme Court confirms (5-4) a temporary stay of a lower court ruling which would have required Texas to undergo new redistricting of congressional districts with large Hispanic and African American populations. The ruling was made in advance of a formal hearing on the gerrymandering case, "Abbott v. Perez", which has no scheduled hearing date yet. ](/news/2017/09/13/the-united-states-supreme-court-confirms-5a4-a-temporary-stay-of-a-lower-court-ruling-which-would-have-required-texas-to-undergo-new-red.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
7. [The Trump Administration asks the U.S. Supreme Court to stop implementation of yesterday's ruling by Hawaii District Judge Derrick Watson that expanded the State Department's definition of "close family" used to implement the Supreme Court's June order that permits admission to the U.S. of those with a bona fide relationship. ](/news/2017/07/14/the-trump-administration-asks-the-u-s-supreme-court-to-stop-implementation-of-yesterday-s-ruling-by-hawaii-district-judge-derrick-watson-th.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
8. [The Supreme Court of the United States partially reinstates President Donald Trump's travel ban and invalidates certain injunctions that were put on the order by two federal appeals courts earlier. Final oral hearings concerning the legality of the Executive Order 13780 will be held in October 2017 at the Supreme Court. ](/news/2017/06/26/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-partially-reinstates-president-donald-trump-s-travel-ban-and-invalidates-certain-injunctions-that-wer.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
9. [The Slants win their case with the Supreme Court of the United States that the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office's rejection of their trademark under the Lanham Act due to their name being "disparaging" is an unconstitutional violation of their free speech rights under the First Amendment. ](/news/2017/06/19/the-slants-win-their-case-with-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-that-the-u-s-patent-and-trademark-office-s-rejection-of-their-tradema.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
10. [The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-may-25-ruling-that-affirmed-the.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
