### [2002-12-19](/news/2002/12/19/index.md)

# AOL Time Warner announces that they have been issued a patent for instant messaging. AOL says that they have no plans to enforce the patent, but it could cause problems for the purveyors of other instant messaging systems, in particular Microsoft and Yahoo!.




### Related:

1. [Bloomberg News reports Verizon Communications plans a bid for Yahoo Inc.-s Web business, including Yahoo Japan Corp., next week. Google, Time Inc., and private equity funds Bain and TPG are considering bidding for Yahoo-s core business. AT&T Inc., Comcast, and Microsoft Corp. reportedly aren't interested. ](/news/2016/04/7/bloomberg-news-reports-verizon-communications-plans-a-bid-for-yahoo-inc-s-web-business-including-yahoo-japan-corp-next-week-google-t.md) _Context: Microsoft, Yahoo!_
2. [Reuters reports, based on an unnamed "person familiar with the situation," that Microsoft executives are lining up financing for a possible acquisition of troubled dotcom pioneer Yahoo. ](/news/2016/03/26/reuters-reports-based-on-an-unnamed-person-familiar-with-the-situation-that-microsoft-executives-are-lining-up-financing-for-a-possible.md) _Context: Microsoft, Yahoo!_
3. [The U.S. Justice Department and the Director of National Intelligence reach a preliminary joint agreement, likely resolving a lawsuit with the major American Internet provider companies (Google, Yahoo, Facebook, Microsoft, and LinkedIn), about the information the companies can release to customers regarding requests by the intelligence agencies for information. ](/news/2014/01/27/the-u-s-justice-department-and-the-director-of-national-intelligence-reach-a-preliminary-joint-agreement-likely-resolving-a-lawsuit-with-t.md) _Context: Microsoft, Yahoo!_
4. [PRISM (U.S. government surveillance program):. The Guardian obtains a copy of a document from April that reveals that the NSA is mining data using PRISM, spying on the e-mails and web activities of American citizens through direct access to Google, Apple, Microsoft, Facebook, YouTube, Skype, Yahoo, Paltalk and AOL. The Guardian's report does not state from whom they obtained the document. ](/news/2013/06/6/prism-u-s-government-surveillance-program-the-guardian-obtains-a-copy-of-a-document-from-april-that-reveals-that-the-nsa-is-mining-data.md) _Context: Microsoft, Yahoo!_
5. [ Microsoft withdraws its bid for Yahoo! after the two companies fail to reach agreement on a price. ](/news/2008/05/3/microsoft-withdraws-its-bid-for-yahoo-after-the-two-companies-fail-to-reach-agreement-on-a-price.md) _Context: Microsoft, Yahoo!_
6. [Microsoft Paint. Amid a public backlash, Microsoft reneges on its decision to end its Paint program and states that it will be placed on its app store rather than bundled with future editions of Windows. ](/news/2017/07/25/microsoft-paint-amid-a-public-backlash-microsoft-reneges-on-its-decision-to-end-its-paint-program-and-states-that-it-will-be-placed-on-its.md) _Context: Microsoft_
7. [Microsoft Paint. Microsoft announces that Paint will cease to be updated after the Windows 10 Fall Creators Update because its functionality was "integrated into Paint 3D". Paint was first released 32 years ago. ](/news/2017/07/24/microsoft-paint-microsoft-announces-that-paint-will-cease-to-be-updated-after-the-windows-10-fall-creators-update-because-its-functionality.md) _Context: Microsoft_
8. [Verizon Wireless. Yahoo! shareholders officially approve its $4.48 billion sale to Verizon Wireless. Yahoo! stock was up 8.5 percent shortly thereafter. ](/news/2017/06/8/verizon-wireless-yahoo-shareholders-officially-approve-its-4-48-billion-sale-to-verizon-wireless-yahoo-stock-was-up-8-5-percent-shortly.md) _Context: Yahoo!_
9. [Verizon Communications agrees to buy the core business at Yahoo Inc. for $4.48 billion. Completion of this July 2016 deal had been delayed because of two data breaches Yahoo disclosed last year. ](/news/2017/02/21/verizon-communications-agrees-to-buy-the-core-business-at-yahoo-inc-for-4-48-billion-completion-of-this-july-2016-deal-had-been-delayed-b.md) _Context: Yahoo!_
10. [Yahoo! data breaches. Yahoo! announces that ID information about more than 1 billion accounts may have been hacked in August 2013. This is separate from the company's earlier disclosure of a data breach of 500,000 accounts in 2014. ](/news/2016/12/14/yahoo-data-breaches-yahoo-announces-that-id-information-about-more-than-1-billion-accounts-may-have-been-hacked-in-august-2013-this-is-s.md) _Context: Yahoo!_
