### [2002-12-19](/news/2002/12/19/index.md)

# Hundreds of Middle Eastern immigrants in Southern California who came to INS officials to register, as per new regulations, are arrested and imprisoned for various INS violations, many of them due to official delays in processing necessary forms. Critics compared the action to the Japanese internment in the same region during World War&nbsp;II. Others claimed that the people are in violation of United States immigration law, and the arrests are valid.




### Related:

1. [Severe storms, from the weather system that hit Southern California Friday, reach southwest Texas injuring several people and damaging at least 100 homes with one confirmed tornado in San Antonio. Heavy rains continue today with flash floods likely as the storm moves to eastern Texas and southern Louisiana. ](/news/2017/02/20/severe-storms-from-the-weather-system-that-hit-southern-california-friday-reach-southwest-texas-injuring-several-people-and-damaging-at-le.md) _Context: Southern California_
2. [The United States Geological Survey (USGS) reports a magnitude 5.1 earthquake strikes near Borrego Springs, Southern California. The Los Angeles County Fire Department and Riverside County Sheriff's Department say they have received no reports of serious damage. ](/news/2016/06/10/the-united-states-geological-survey-usgs-reports-a-magnitude-5-1-earthquake-strikes-near-borrego-springs-southern-california-the-los-ang.md) _Context: Southern California_
3. [ Tribune Publishing, an American company whose Southern California media holdings include the "Los Angeles Times" and "The San Diego Union-Tribune", wins an auction for bankrupt newspapers, "Orange County Register", published in Santa Ana, and "The Press-Enterprise", headquartered in Riverside, for $56 million, subject to judicial approval. A federal bankruptcy court hearing is scheduled for Monday. The U.S. Justice Department has warned that a Tribune purchase could violate antitrust laws. ](/news/2016/03/17/tribune-publishing-an-american-company-whose-southern-california-media-holdings-include-the-los-angeles-times-and-the-san-diego-union-t.md) _Context: Southern California_
4. [A ground stop is issued by the Federal Aviation Administration for multiple airports in Southern California due to a computer issue. ](/news/2014/04/30/a-ground-stop-is-issued-by-the-federal-aviation-administration-for-multiple-airports-in-southern-california-due-to-a-computer-issue.md) _Context: Southern California_
5. [Four members of the United States Marine Corps are killed after ordnance accidentally explodes after a training exercise at Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton in Southern California. ](/news/2013/11/13/four-members-of-the-united-states-marine-corps-are-killed-after-ordnance-accidentally-explodes-after-a-training-exercise-at-marine-corps-bas.md) _Context: Southern California_
