### [2005-07-16](/news/2005/07/16/index.md)

#  A suicide bomber detonates explosives near an LPG (propane) fuel tanker parked near a gas station south of Baghdad, sparking a massive explosion that kills more than 60 people and wounds as many as 100 in one of the worst insurgent attacks to hit the area since the US occupation of Iraq. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2005/WORLD/meast/07/16/iraq.main/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Two ISIL suicide bombers attack a Shiite mosque in Baghdad, killing at least 15 people. ](/news/2016/02/25/two-isil-suicide-bombers-attack-a-shiite-mosque-in-baghdad-killing-at-least-15-people.md) _Context: Baghdad, suicide bomber_
2. [Six suicide bombers take over the Iraqi Ministry of Transportation in Baghdad and kill at least 24 hostages before security forces take control. ](/news/2014/01/30/six-suicide-bombers-take-over-the-iraqi-ministry-of-transportation-in-baghdad-and-kill-at-least-24-hostages-before-security-forces-take-cont.md) _Context: Baghdad, suicide bomber_
3. [A string of coordinated car bombs and suicide bombers strike central Baghdad, followed by a militant attack on the Justice Ministry building. At least 25 people are killed, including 7 police officers and 3 militants, along with 50 wounded. ](/news/2013/03/14/a-string-of-coordinated-car-bombs-and-suicide-bombers-strike-central-baghdad-followed-by-a-militant-attack-on-the-justice-ministry-building.md) _Context: Baghdad, suicide bomber_
4. [A suicide bomber kills at least 19 officers and cadets and injures 26 outside an Iraqi police academy in northeastern Baghdad. ](/news/2012/02/19/a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-19-officers-and-cadets-and-injures-26-outside-an-iraqi-police-academy-in-northeastern-baghdad.md) _Context: Baghdad, suicide bomber_
5. [ A suicide bomber kills at least 22 people and injures 40 in an attack on a funeral in a village west of Baghdad. ](/news/2008/05/14/a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-22-people-and-injures-40-in-an-attack-on-a-funeral-in-a-village-west-of-baghdad.md) _Context: Baghdad, suicide bomber_
6. [ A suicide bomber kills at least 35 people and injures about 50 more at a police recruiting center in Baghdad. ](/news/2006/11/12/a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-35-people-and-injures-about-50-more-at-a-police-recruiting-center-in-baghdad.md) _Context: Baghdad, suicide bomber_
7. [ In Baghdad, a suicide bomber detonates an explosive belt in a line of people waiting to receive government payments, killing at least eight other people and wounding about 30, including children and police. ](/news/2006/02/13/in-baghdad-a-suicide-bomber-detonates-an-explosive-belt-in-a-line-of-people-waiting-to-receive-government-payments-killing-at-least-eight.md) _Context: Baghdad, suicide bomber_
8. [ U.S.-led occupation of Iraq: It is reported that, on July 29, members of the Oregon National Guard witnessed detainees being beaten and tortured in the grounds of the Iraqi Ministry of the Interior in Baghdad, and immediately intervened--only to subsequently receive orders from their superior officers to "stand down" and leave the grounds. ](/news/2004/08/7/u-s-led-occupation-of-iraq-it-is-reported-that-on-july-29-members-of-the-oregon-national-guard-witnessed-detainees-being-beaten-and-tor.md) _Context: Baghdad, U.S. presence in Iraq_
9. [ A suicide bomber attacks near a U.S base in the northern city of Mosul, killing two civilians and an Iraqi security guard. Three U.S soldiers and an Iraqi security guard were wounded. The Iraqi interim Interior Ministry's Deputy Chief of Tribal Affairs, Col. Musab al-Awadi, is assassinated in Baghdad, along with two of his bodyguards. Insurgents kill two Iraqi women working as cleaners for British forces in Basra in southern Iraq. Militants threaten to kill two Jordanian truck drivers they captured within 72 hours if their Jordanian employer does not stop doing business with the U.S. military. ](/news/2004/07/26/a-suicide-bomber-attacks-near-a-u-s-base-in-the-northern-city-of-mosul-killing-two-civilians-and-an-iraqi-security-guard-three-u-s-soldie.md) _Context: Baghdad, suicide bomber_
10. [ Suicide bombers detonate boats alongside two oil tankers and a coalition boat in the Persian Gulf, targeting Iraq's main oil terminal, Basra. [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml;jsessionid=BATOJRSIWHFBQCRBAELCFEY?type=topNews&storyID=4929705&section=news (Reuters)] A bomb in Baghdad's Sadr City market kills 12 Iraqis. In a separate incident, five US soldiers are killed in a rocket attack on a military base north of Baghdad. [http://www.cnn.com/2004/WORLD/meast/04/24/iraq.main/index.html (CNN)] [http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&cid=540&e=1&u=/ap/20040424/ap_on_re_mi_ea/iraq (AP)] Leaders of Australia and Bulgaria visited their troops Sunday. Australian Prime Minister John Howard joined Australian troops in Baghdad for ceremonies honoring the country's war dead. Bulgarian President Georgi Parvanov visited his country's troops two days after a Bulgarian soldier was shot dead in Karbala, the sixth from that country to die in the war.](/news/2004/04/24/suicide-bombers-detonate-boats-alongside-two-oil-tankers-and-a-coalition-boat-in-the-persian-gulf-targeting-iraq-s-main-oil-terminal-basr.md) _Context: Baghdad, U.S. presence in Iraq_
