### [2005-07-16](/news/2005/07/16/index.md)

#  KMT chairmanship election, 2005: Ma Ying-jeou defeats Wang Jin-pyng in a vote for the chairmanship of the Kuomintang (KMT) by 72% to 28% in the first direct election for the post in the party's history. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/4688221.stm)

### Related:

1. [ General Secretary Hu Jintao of the Communist Party in the People's Republic of China and Nationalist Party Chairman Wu Poh-hsiung in Taiwan meet in Beijing to discuss cross-Strait relations. ](/news/2009/05/26/general-secretary-hu-jintao-of-the-communist-party-in-the-people-s-republic-of-china-and-nationalist-party-chairman-wu-poh-hsiung-in-taiwan.md) _Context: Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party), chairman_
2. [ Ma Ying-jeou is elected President of the Republic of China with more than 58% of the votes in the 2008 presidential election, handing the presidency back to the Kuomintang (KMT) after eight years under the Democratic Progressive Party. ](/news/2008/03/22/ma-ying-jeou-is-elected-president-of-the-republic-of-china-with-more-than-58-of-the-votes-in-the-2008-presidential-election-handing-the-p.md) _Context: Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party), Ma Ying-jeou_
3. [ Ma Ying-jeou, the party chairman of the Kuomintang, resigns after being indicted by the Taiwan High Prosecutors Office on charges of embezzlement during his tenure as the mayor of Taipei. ](/news/2007/02/13/ma-ying-jeou-the-party-chairman-of-the-kuomintang-resigns-after-being-indicted-by-the-taiwan-high-prosecutors-office-on-charges-of-embezz.md) _Context: Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party), Ma Ying-jeou_
4. [Proceedings begin in the trial of Maurice "Hank" Greenberg, former chairman of the giant insurance company AIG, on charges of accounting fraud. The 2005 indictment accuses Greenberg and  AIG's former CFO of setting up bogus reinsurance transactions to conceal the insurer's financial difficulties in 2000 and 2001. ](/news/2016/09/13/proceedings-begin-in-the-trial-of-maurice-hank-greenberg-former-chairman-of-the-giant-insurance-company-aig-on-charges-of-accounting-fra.md) _Context: chairman_
5. [U.S. officials are investigating the hacking of election system databases in Illinois and Arizona. The FBI alerted all  election officials nationwide about this issue earlier this month. ](/news/2016/08/29/u-s-officials-are-investigating-the-hacking-of-election-system-databases-in-illinois-and-arizona-the-fbi-alerted-all-election-officials-n.md) _Context: election_
6. [China says Chinese passengers flying from the Chinese cities of  Nanchang, Kunming, and Chongqing, will be allowed to stop at Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport before flying to a third destination. Taiwan President Ma Ying-jeou applauded  this step toward normalizing relations between the two states. Taiwan's opposition party expressed concern that Beijing is trying to interfere with the country's January 16, 2016, presidential and legislative elections. ](/news/2016/01/5/china-says-chinese-passengers-flying-from-the-chinese-cities-of-nanchang-kunming-and-chongqing-will-be-allowed-to-stop-at-taiwan-taoyuan.md) _Context: Ma Ying-jeou_
7. [The President of Taiwan Ma Ying-jeou visits Taiping Island, Taiwan's largest island in the South China Sea, despite the United States warning it could provoke diplomatic tensions with the People's Republic of China and other nations in the area. ](/news/2016/01/28/the-president-of-taiwan-ma-ying-jeou-visits-taiping-island-taiwan-s-largest-island-in-the-south-china-sea-despite-the-united-states-warnin.md) _Context: Ma Ying-jeou_
8. [Tsai Ing-wen of the Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) is elected the first female President of Taiwan. Eric Chu, the ruling Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party) candidate concedes defeat and announced his resignation as party leader.  Ms. Tsai vowed to preserve the status quo in relations with China. The DPP supports independence for the island. ](/news/2016/01/16/tsai-ing-wen-of-the-democratic-progressive-party-dpp-is-elected-the-first-female-president-of-taiwan-eric-chu-the-ruling-kuomintang-chi.md) _Context: Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party)_
9. [  Chinese President Xi Jinping and Taiwanese President Ma Ying-jeou meet in Singapore, the first meeting between a Chinese and Taiwanese leader since the Chinese Communist Revolution. ](/news/2015/11/7/chinese-president-xi-jinping-and-taiwanese-president-ma-ying-jeou-meet-in-singapore-the-first-meeting-between-a-chinese-and-taiwanese-lea.md) _Context: Ma Ying-jeou_
10. [A United Nations rights investigator raises concern whether Myanmar's election, scheduled for  November 8, 2015, could be considered free and fair because dozens of candidates have been disqualified and hundreds of thousands of people denied the right to vote. ](/news/2015/10/28/a-united-nations-rights-investigator-raises-concern-whether-myanmar-s-election-scheduled-for-november-8-2015-could-be-considered-free-an.md) _Context: election_
