### [2016-07-11](/news/2016/07/11/index.md)

# At least three people die, including the shooter, in a shooting at the Berrien County courthouse in the U.S. state of Michigan. 

At least three people were reportedly killed at the Berrien County Courthouse in Michigan following a shooting Monday afternoon. Larry Darnell Gordon, 45, had been at the courthouse for a hearing on multiple felony charges when he overpowered the two bailiffs escorting him. Gordon disarmed one man and fatally shot both the two bailiffs, Berrien County Sheriff Paul Bailey said in a press conference Monday evening. The deceased bailiffs have been identified as 61-year-old Joseph Zangaro and 63-year-old Ronald Kienzle, longtime law enforcement officers who became court officers following their retirements. Deputy James Atterberry and a civilian were also injured and remain at a local hospital. Gordon took hostages for a short period of time during the incident, but was killed by other officers who responded to the scene. Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder called it a terrible day in a wonderful community. 


### Source:

1. [Washington Examiner](http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/report-three-dead-in-michigan-including-a-shooter/article/2596157)

### Related:

1. [A prosecutor in Michigan, United States, is considering whether the words of an African grey parrot could be used to try the woman accused of killing the pet parrot's owner. ](/news/2016/06/29/a-prosecutor-in-michigan-united-states-is-considering-whether-the-words-of-an-african-grey-parrot-could-be-used-to-try-the-woman-accused-o.md) _Context: Michigan, U.S._
2. [Voters in the U.S. states of Mississippi, Michigan, Hawaii and Idaho vote in primary elections and caucuses. ](/news/2016/03/8/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-mississippi-michigan-hawaii-and-idaho-vote-in-primary-elections-and-caucuses.md) _Context: Michigan, U.S._
3. [A brief lake effect snowsquall on Interstate 75 in Detroit, Michigan, United States, leads to a 30-car accident that leaves 3 dead and 15 injured. ](/news/2013/01/31/a-brief-lake-effect-snowsquall-on-interstate-75-in-detroit-michigan-united-states-leads-to-a-30-car-accident-that-leaves-3-dead-and-15-in.md) _Context: Michigan, U.S._
4. [A heavy blizzard in the midwestern US states of Minnesota, Wisconsin, Iowa, Illinois and Michigan dropping about three feet of snow results in two deaths, road closures, flight cancellations and the inflatable roof of the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome in Minneapolis, Minnesota, collapsing. ](/news/2010/12/12/a-heavy-blizzard-in-the-midwestern-us-states-of-minnesota-wisconsin-iowa-illinois-and-michigan-dropping-about-three-feet-of-snow-results.md) _Context: Michigan, U.S._
5. [Around 85 fires break out in the U.S. city of Detroit, Michigan, with at least 20 homes destroyed. Winds of 40 to 50 mph cause 113,000 customers to lose electricity. ](/news/2010/09/7/around-85-fires-break-out-in-the-u-s-city-of-detroit-michigan-with-at-least-20-homes-destroyed-winds-of-40-to-50-mph-cause-113-000-custo.md) _Context: Michigan, U.S._
6. [ Members of the Christian militia group Hutaree plead not guilty to a court in Michigan, United States, to claims of plotting to kill American police officers. ](/news/2010/04/1/members-of-the-christian-militia-group-hutaree-plead-not-guilty-to-a-court-in-michigan-united-states-to-claims-of-plotting-to-kill-americ.md) _Context: Michigan, U.S._
7. [The North American International Auto Show (NAIAS) is held in Detroit, Michigan, US. Green vehicles are seen as a response to the late 2000s recession. Automotive News World Congress is held at the Renaissance Center. ](/news/2010/01/13/the-north-american-international-auto-show-naias-is-held-in-detroit-michigan-us-green-vehicles-are-seen-as-a-response-to-the-late-2000s.md) _Context: Michigan, U.S._
8. [ A bomb squad in Reykjavk, Iceland, searches a diverted Lufthansa flight from Frankfurt, Germany, to Detroit, Michigan, United States, that carries a bag whose owner did not make it onto the plane. ](/news/2009/12/26/a-bomb-squad-in-reykjavik-iceland-searches-a-diverted-lufthansa-flight-from-frankfurt-germany-to-detroit-michigan-united-states-that.md) _Context: Michigan, U.S._
9. [ U.S. Democrat John Dingell of Michigan becomes the House of Representatives' longest-serving member. ](/news/2009/02/11/u-s-democrat-john-dingell-of-michigan-becomes-the-house-of-representatives-longest-serving-member.md) _Context: Michigan, U.S._
10. [ Iraq War: A report by the U.S. Defense Department's inspector general has found the The Pentagon "purposely manipulated" pre-war intelligence. Senator Carl Levin, D-MI, as chair of the Senate Armed Services Committee has called the report "very damning" and said of its results, "highly disturbing". ](/news/2007/02/9/iraq-war-a-report-by-the-u-s-defense-department-s-inspector-general-has-found-the-the-pentagon-purposely-manipulated-pre-war-intelligen.md) _Context: Michigan, U.S._
