### [2016-07-11](/news/2016/07/11/index.md)

# Israeli forces level land east of Khan Yunis in the southern Gaza Strip. 




### Source:

1. [Ma'an News](http://maannews.com/Content.aspx?id=772189)

### Related:

1. [Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israel-border-there-were-no-casualti.md) _Context: Gaza, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
2. [Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation" with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaza-will-fulfil-its-role-in-the-je.md) _Context: Gaza, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
3. [Violence continues while talks persist looking for a peaceful resolution. A 16-year old Palestinian is shot dead after he tried to stab an Israeli security guard at a West Bank border crossing. A 25-year old Palestinian protester died of wounds suffered last week when he was shot by Israeli troops during a border clash near the Gazan town of Khan Yunis. ](/news/2015/10/24/violence-continues-while-talks-persist-looking-for-a-peaceful-resolution-a-16-year-old-palestinian-is-shot-dead-after-he-tried-to-stab-an-i.md) _Context: Gaza, Khan Yunis_
4. [Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence. ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapsed-a-nearby-house-killing-a-30-y.md) _Context: Gaza, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
5. [Israel launches an airstrike against an alleged Hamas base near Khan Yunis in retaliation for a rocket attack. ](/news/2014/12/20/israel-launches-an-airstrike-against-an-alleged-hamas-base-near-khan-yunis-in-retaliation-for-a-rocket-attack.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Khan Yunis_
6. [During the opening of the General Assembly of the United Nations, the President of the Palestinian National Authority, Mahmoud Abbas, makes a bid for UN recognition in a unilateral declaration of a Palestinian state, which would exist in the Gaza Strip and the West Bank, and have East Jerusalem as its capital. ](/news/2011/09/23/during-the-opening-of-the-general-assembly-of-the-united-nations-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-mahmoud-abbas-makes.md) _Context: Gaza, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
7. [Following the detonation of explosive devices near the Gaza border, Israel Air Force helicopters targeted an area near the city of Khan Yunis, causing damage to houses and injuring a number militants suspected of involvement in the attack. ](/news/2010/11/11/following-the-detonation-of-explosive-devices-near-the-gaza-border-israel-air-force-helicopters-targeted-an-area-near-the-city-of-khan-yuni.md) _Context: Gaza, Khan Yunis_
8. [Israeli shellfire kills a Palestinian militant and wounds 1 other in Khan Yunis in the Gaza Strip as the search gets underway for further casualties. ](/news/2010/08/4/israeli-shellfire-kills-a-palestinian-militant-and-wounds-1-other-in-khan-yunis-in-the-gaza-strip-as-the-search-gets-underway-for-further-ca.md) _Context: Gaza, Khan Yunis_
9. [ After Palestinians fire a Qassam rocket that explodes in an open area of the city of Ashkelon, Israeli planes launch air strikes on several targets in the Gaza Strip, in locations which include Gaza City, Khan Yunis and Rafah. ](/news/2010/04/1/after-palestinians-fire-a-qassam-rocket-that-explodes-in-an-open-area-of-the-city-of-ashkelon-israeli-planes-launch-air-strikes-on-several.md) _Context: Gaza, Khan Yunis_
10. [ An unmanned Palestinian fishing vessel explodes near an Israeli Navy patrol in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2009/04/13/an-unmanned-palestinian-fishing-vessel-explodes-near-an-israeli-navy-patrol-in-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Gaza, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
