### [2016-07-11](/news/2016/07/11/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War. Rebels in Aleppo launch an assault on government-controlled areas in the city. This comes after the Syrian Army blocked off the only road leading into opposition-controlled areas. According to state media, at least eight people have been killed and dozens more are wounded. 

Syrian rebel fighters launch an assault on government-held districts of Aleppo, after troops cut their only route into the divided northern city.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-36763836)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War. Battle of Aleppo (2012-present). ISIL militants cut off the Syrian Army's main supply route to the city of Aleppo and capture the village of Khanasir, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2016/02/23/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-aleppo-2012-present-isil-militants-cut-off-the-syrian-army-s-main-supply-route-to-the-city-of-aleppo-and-ca.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War, the battle for Aleppo_
2. [ Syrian Civil War. Battle of Aleppo (2012-present). Aleppo offensive (November-December 2016). Syrian rebels withdraw from the old city of Aleppo. ](/news/2016/12/7/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-aleppo-2012-present-aleppo-offensive-november-december-2016-syrian-rebels-withdraw-from-the-old-city.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War, the battle for Aleppo_
3. [Syrian Civil War. Battle of Aleppo (2012-16). The Syrian Army says it is now in full control of the city of Aleppo following the evacuation of the last group of rebels to the Idlib Governorate. ](/news/2016/12/22/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-aleppo-2012-16-the-syrian-army-says-it-is-now-in-full-control-of-the-city-of-aleppo-following-the-evacuatio.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian Civil War. Airstrikes hit Darkush in Idlib Province near the Turkish border, killing at least 23 people, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. At least 25 died when rebels shelled government-held areas of Aleppo. Friday is the last day of a 72-hour Syrian Army-sponsored ceasefire. ](/news/2016/07/8/syrian-civil-war-airstrikes-hit-darkush-in-idlib-province-near-the-turkish-border-killing-at-least-23-people-according-to-the-syrian-obse.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Syrian Civil War. Aleppo offensive (April 2016). The Syrian Army and its allies launch an offensive south of Aleppo. ](/news/2016/04/6/syrian-civil-war-aleppo-offensive-april-2016-the-syrian-army-and-its-allies-launch-an-offensive-south-of-aleppo.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian Civil War. Battle of Aleppo (2012-present). At least nine civilians are killed and dozens are injured after rockets and mortars hit the mainly Kurdish neighborhood of Sheikh Maqsood in the city of Aleppo. The neighborhood is controlled by the People's Protection Units (YPG). ](/news/2016/03/6/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-aleppo-2012-present-at-least-nine-civilians-are-killed-and-dozens-are-injured-after-rockets-and-mortars-hit.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War, the battle for Aleppo_
7. [Syrian Civil War. Battle of Aleppo (2012-present). Iranian state television says Revolutionary Guard brigadier general, Hossein Hamadani, has been killed on the outskirts of Syria's Aleppo by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. This is the latest in a string of high-ranking Iranian commanders killed in Iraq and Syria in the last six months. ](/news/2015/10/9/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-aleppo-2012-present-iranian-state-television-says-revolutionary-guard-brigadier-general-hossein-hamadani.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War, the battle for Aleppo_
8. [Syrian Civil War. Islamic State fighters take control of a section of road running between the towns of Khanaser and Ithriya, southeast of Aleppo, according to a monitoring group. This threatens the Syrian army's only supply route into the city. ](/news/2015/10/23/syrian-civil-war-islamic-state-fighters-take-control-of-a-section-of-road-running-between-the-towns-of-khanaser-and-ithriya-southeast-of-a.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Battle of Aleppo (2012-present). Russian involvement in the Syrian Civil War. Syrian Army forces supported by Russian planes attack insurgents south of the city of Aleppo. ](/news/2015/10/16/battle-of-aleppo-2012-present-russian-involvement-in-the-syrian-civil-war-syrian-army-forces-supported-by-russian-planes-attack-insurg.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Army, the battle for Aleppo_
10. [Syrian Civil War. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights estimates that at least 70 Syrian Army soldiers and more than 80 insurgents have died in recent fighting around the city of Aleppo. ](/news/2015/02/18/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-estimates-that-at-least-70-syrian-army-soldiers-and-more-than-80-insurgents-have-d.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
