### [2016-07-11](/news/2016/07/11/index.md)

# The United States announces it will be sending 560 more United States Armed Forces soldiers to Iraq to help fight against ISIL. 

The US is to send 560 more military personnel to Iraq to help in the fight against so-called Islamic State (IS), Defence Secretary Ash Carter says.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-36766417)
1. [Cover Image](http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/cpsprodpb/2516/production/_90349490_mediaitem90349489.jpg)

### Related:

1. [U.S. Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Joseph Dunford makes a proposal to President Barack Obama to increase the number of American troops in Iraq, so as to help the Iraqi Army with advisors closer to the front lines and to recapture Mosul, which fell to ISIL in June 2014. ](/news/2016/03/26/u-s-chairman-of-the-joint-chiefs-of-staff-joseph-dunford-makes-a-proposal-to-president-barack-obama-to-increase-the-number-of-american-troo.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, U.S., United States military personnel_
2. [Iraqi authorities are searching for 10 grams of iridium-192, a radioactive material stolen from a Weatherford International oilfield services facility near Basra in November 2015. Authorities are concerned about its potential use by Islamic State, or the like, to develop a dirty bomb weapon. ](/news/2016/02/17/iraqi-authorities-are-searching-for-10-grams-of-iridium-192-a-radioactive-material-stolen-from-a-weatherford-international-oilfield-service.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Military intervention against ISIL_
3. [ The U.S. deploys around a dozen A-10 ground-attack planes to Turkey's southern Incirlik Air Base. A U.S. military official said the deployment had "added capability" to the coalition's efforts against ISIL in Iraq and Syria. ](/news/2015/10/20/the-u-s-deploys-around-a-dozen-a-10-ground-attack-planes-to-turkey-s-southern-incirlik-air-base-a-u-s-military-official-said-the-deploym.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Military intervention against ISIL, U.S._
4. [Seven people are killed and 13 are injured after suicide bombers hit a state-run power station near the northern city of Samarra, Iraq. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/09/2/seven-people-are-killed-and-13-are-injured-after-suicide-bombers-hit-a-state-run-power-station-near-the-northern-city-of-samarra-iraq-the.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [An Iraqi airstrike near Al Qaim, Anbar province, Iraq, kills Ayad al-Jumaili, believed to be ISIL's second-in-command. ](/news/2017/04/1/an-iraqi-airstrike-near-al-qaim-anbar-province-iraq-kills-ayad-al-jumaili-believed-to-be-isil-s-second-in-command.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Military intervention against ISIL_
6. [Iraq Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi says U.S.-backed Iraqi forces have launched an operation to regain control of western Mosul from ISIL militants. The United Nations says humanitarian agencies are setting up in these older sections of the city where, already, food and fuel supplies are dwindling, running water is scarce, and electricity in many neighborhoods is unreliable for the estimated 800,000 civilians. ](/news/2017/02/19/iraq-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-says-u-s-backed-iraqi-forces-have-launched-an-operation-to-regain-control-of-western-mosul-from-isil-mi.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, U.S._
7. [Denmark's government announces it will be withdrawing its seven F-16 fighter jets from military operations against ISIL in Iraq and Syria from mid-December. ](/news/2016/12/2/denmark-s-government-announces-it-will-be-withdrawing-its-seven-f-16-fighter-jets-from-military-operations-against-isil-in-iraq-and-syria-fr.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Military intervention against ISIL_
8. [ A U.S. airstrike in Al-Raqqah, Syria, kills four ISIL leaders, two of which were confirmed to have roles in the November 2015 Paris Attacks. ](/news/2016/12/14/a-u-s-airstrike-in-al-raqqah-syria-kills-four-isil-leaders-two-of-which-were-confirmed-to-have-roles-in-the-november-2015-paris-attacks.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Military intervention against ISIL, U.S._
9. [France conducts airstrikes against ISIL positions in Iraq from the French aircraft carrier "Charles de Gaulle". ](/news/2016/09/30/france-conducts-airstrikes-against-isil-positions-in-iraq-from-the-french-aircraft-carrier-charles-de-gaulle.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Military intervention against ISIL_
10. [The United Nations reports that ISIL appears to have captured up to 3,000 fleeing Iraqi villagers from Hawija District headed to Kirkuk city. Militants reportedly executed 12 people. Earlier, the Iraqi Observatory for Human Rights said ISIL is using people for human shields against attacks by Iraqi security forces. ](/news/2016/08/5/the-united-nations-reports-that-isil-appears-to-have-captured-up-to-3-000-fleeing-iraqi-villagers-from-hawija-district-headed-to-kirkuk-city.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Military intervention against ISIL_
