### [2016-07-11](/news/2016/07/11/index.md)

# The former Shadow Leader of the House of Commons Angela Eagle formally announces her bid to become the new leader of the Labour Party after Jeremy Corbyn refused calls to resign. 

Angela Eagle has pledged to unite her party and the country as she formally announced her challenge to replace Jeremy Corbyn as Labour leader. Describing herself as a &quot;practical socialist&quot;, she said: &quot;I&amp;#39;m not a Blairite, I&amp;#39;m not a Brownite and I&amp;#39;m not a Corbynista. I am my own woman.&quot; Ms Eagle said the country faced &quot;dark times&quot; after leaving the European Union and said: &quot;Jeremy Corbyn is unable to provide the leadership this huge task needs. I believe I can.&quot; 


### Source:

1. [ITV News](http://www.itv.com/news/2016-07-11/angela-eagle-formally-announces-leadership-bid-against-corbyn/)

### Related:

1. [The Communist Party of Britain announces it will not field any candidates in the upcoming general election for the first time since its formation in 1920, and endorses Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, saying victory for Mr Corbyn at the general election in June would be "the first step towards a formation of left-led government at Westminster". ](/news/2017/04/24/the-communist-party-of-britain-announces-it-will-not-field-any-candidates-in-the-upcoming-general-election-for-the-first-time-since-its-form.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn, Labour Party_
2. [London Mayor Sadiq Khan calls on fellow Labour Party members to remove Jeremy Corbyn in the  upcoming party leadership election. ](/news/2016/08/21/london-mayor-sadiq-khan-calls-on-fellow-labour-party-members-to-remove-jeremy-corbyn-in-the-upcoming-party-leadership-election.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn, Labour Party_
3. [Britain's Court of Appeal, reversing Monday's High Court decision, rules the  Labour Party has the right to prevent up to 130,000 new members who joined less than six months ago from voting in the party's leadership contest between incumbent Jeremy Corbyn and legislator Owen Smith. An appeal to the United Kingdom Supreme Court is possible. ](/news/2016/08/12/britain-s-court-of-appeal-reversing-monday-s-high-court-decision-rules-the-labour-party-has-the-right-to-prevent-up-to-130-000-new-member.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn, Labour Party_
4. [Angela Eagle drops out of the race and announces her endorsement of Owen Smith, the last remaining candidate to challenge incumbent party leader Jeremy Corbyn. ](/news/2016/07/19/angela-eagle-drops-out-of-the-race-and-announces-her-endorsement-of-owen-smith-the-last-remaining-candidate-to-challenge-incumbent-party-le.md) _Context: Angela Eagle, Jeremy Corbyn_
5. [Thousands, including some  from Australia, protest in London, England, against the  renewal of the United Kingdom's Trident nuclear deterrent system, the largest anti-nuclear rally since 1983. Leader of the Labour Party Jeremy Corbyn, Scottish National Party leader and First Minister of Scotland Nicola Sturgeon, the Welsh Plaid Cymru Party, and the Green Party participated in the march. A parliamentary vote on renewing Trident is expected this year. ](/news/2016/02/27/thousands-including-some-from-australia-protest-in-london-england-against-the-renewal-of-the-united-kingdom-s-trident-nuclear-deterren.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn, leader_
6. [The outcome of the election for the next leader of the United Kingdom Labour Party is announced with Jeremy Corbyn winning the contest ahead of Yvette Cooper, Andy Burnham and Liz Kendall while Tom Watson is elected as the new deputy leader. ](/news/2015/09/12/the-outcome-of-the-election-for-the-next-leader-of-the-united-kingdom-labour-party-is-announced-with-jeremy-corbyn-winning-the-contest-ahead.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn, Labour Party_
7. [Ed Miliband declares the death of Tony Blair's centrist New Labour in his first interview since being elected leader of the British Labour Party yesterday. ](/news/2010/09/26/ed-miliband-declares-the-death-of-tony-blair-s-centrist-new-labour-in-his-first-interview-since-being-elected-leader-of-the-british-labour-p.md) _Context: Labour Party, leader_
8. [Early results from yesterday's elections indicate that the Conservative Party has gained ground, while the Labour Party and the UK Independence Party have lost ground. ](/news/2017/05/5/early-results-from-yesterday-s-elections-indicate-that-the-conservative-party-has-gained-ground-while-the-labour-party-and-the-uk-independe.md) _Context: Labour Party_
9. [Jeremy Corbyn, the leader of the opposition Labour Party, positions himself as an "anti-establishment" candidate as he vows to end the "rigged" system. ](/news/2017/04/20/jeremy-corbyn-the-leader-of-the-opposition-labour-party-positions-himself-as-an-anti-establishment-candidate-as-he-vows-to-end-the-rigg.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn_
10. [British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held-on-the-8th-of-june-a-two-thirds-major.md) _Context: Labour Party_
