### [2004-07-20](/news/2004/07/20/index.md)

#  Canadian Prime minister Paul Martin announces his new cabinet, which includes new faces such as ice hockey great Ken Dryden and former BC premier Ujjal Dosanjh. 




### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/canada/story/2004/07/20/cabinet_new040720.html)

### Related:

1. [ Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper's new Cabinet is sworn in after the October 14 federal election. ](/news/2008/10/30/canadian-prime-minister-stephen-harper-s-new-cabinet-is-sworn-in-after-the-october-14-federal-election.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, new Cabinet_
2. [ Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper shuffles his cabinet. Among the changes, embattled defence minister Gordon O'Connor and heritage minister Bev Oda are moved to National Revenue and International Cooperation and replaced by Peter Mackay and Josee Verner, respectively. ](/news/2007/08/14/canadian-prime-minister-stephen-harper-shuffles-his-cabinet-among-the-changes-embattled-defence-minister-gordon-o-connor-and-heritage-min.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, new Cabinet_
3. [ Defeated Canadian prime minister Paul Martin announces he will resign as leader of the Liberal Party. ](/news/2006/01/24/defeated-canadian-prime-minister-paul-martin-announces-he-will-resign-as-leader-of-the-liberal-party.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Paul Martin_
4. [ The Bush administration summons Canadian ambassador Frank McKenna, and is expected to formally lodge a complaint after Prime Minister Paul Martin's criticism on December 7 of the United States at the Montreal conference on climate change. U.S.-Canada relations are already a major issue in the upcoming Canadian federal election. ](/news/2005/12/9/the-bush-administration-summons-canadian-ambassador-frank-mckenna-and-is-expected-to-formally-lodge-a-complaint-after-prime-minister-paul.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Paul Martin_
5. [ Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin addresses the Montreal conference on climate change, and is critical of the United States's stance on the issue. Martin's allegedly "undiplomatic" comments&mdash;"there is such a thing as a global conscience, and now is the time to listen to it"&mdash;reportedly anger Vice President Dick Cheney. ](/news/2005/12/7/canadian-prime-minister-paul-martin-addresses-the-montreal-conference-on-climate-change-and-is-critical-of-the-united-states-s-stance-on-t.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Paul Martin_
6. [ Canadian federal election, 2006: Prime Minister Paul Martin's minority government is defeated in a confidence motion by a vote of 171 - 133. The Prime Minister announces he will request a dissolution of parliament from the Governor General tomorrow. ](/news/2005/11/28/canadian-federal-election-2006-prime-minister-paul-martin-s-minority-government-is-defeated-in-a-confidence-motion-by-a-vote-of-171-133.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Paul Martin_
7. [ Canadian federal election, 2006: Opposition leader Stephen Harper introduces a motion of no confidence in the Canadian House of Commons. With the support of all opposition parties, it is expected to pass on Monday, toppling Prime Minister Paul Martin's minority Liberals and forcing a campaign spanning the holiday season. ](/news/2005/11/24/canadian-federal-election-2006-opposition-leader-stephen-harper-introduces-a-motion-of-no-confidence-in-the-canadian-house-of-commons-wi.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Paul Martin_
8. [ People's Republic of China President Hu Jintao meets with Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin in Ottawa. The event is met with protesters and supporters of the Chinese government. Martin and Hu agree on a new "Strategic Partnership", and sign a series of agreements on transportation, food inspection, and scientific research. Hu also meets with Governor General Adrienne Clarkson. ](/news/2005/09/9/people-s-republic-of-china-president-hu-jintao-meets-with-canadian-prime-minister-paul-martin-in-ottawa-the-event-is-met-with-protesters-a.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Paul Martin_
9. [ Prime Minister of Canada Paul Martin will announce on Thursday that Michalle Jean has been chosen to succeed Adrienne Clarkson as Governor General of Canada. ](/news/2005/08/3/prime-minister-of-canada-paul-martin-will-announce-on-thursday-that-michaelle-jean-has-been-chosen-to-succeed-adrienne-clarkson-as-governor.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Paul Martin_
10. [ Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin has set May 19 for a vote in the House of Commons on the federal budget. He said if his government loses the vote of confidence, he will seek the dissolution of Parliament. This means an election could come as early as June 27. ](/news/2005/05/11/canadian-prime-minister-paul-martin-has-set-may-19-for-a-vote-in-the-house-of-commons-on-the-federal-budget-he-said-if-his-government-lose.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Paul Martin_
