### [2004-07-20](/news/2004/07/20/index.md)

#  Human Rights Watch releases a [http://hrw.org/english/docs/2004/07/19/darfur9096.htm report] stating that Sudanese government documents confirm support for the Arab Janjaweed militia in their campaign of ethnic cleansing against African Muslims in Darfur.




### Related:

1. [ Amnesty International releases its report citing systematic killing, torturing and gang raping of females from ages 8 to 80 by Muslim Arab Janjaweed militia in the Darfur region of Sudan. ](/news/2004/07/19/amnesty-international-releases-its-report-citing-systematic-killing-torturing-and-gang-raping-of-females-from-ages-8-to-80-by-muslim-arab.md) _Context: Arab, Darfur, Janjaweed, Sudan_
2. [ The United Nations warns of an imminent humanitarian crisis in the Darfur region of Sudan, where it is alleged that Arabs are waging a campaign of ethnic cleansing against the African population. ](/news/2004/04/14/the-united-nations-warns-of-an-imminent-humanitarian-crisis-in-the-darfur-region-of-sudan-where-it-is-alleged-that-arabs-are-waging-a-camp.md) _Context: Arab, Darfur, Sudan, ethnic cleansing_
3. [Fighting between rival Arab tribes in Sudan's Darfur region kills 51 people and injures 62 others. ](/news/2013/02/23/fighting-between-rival-arab-tribes-in-sudan-s-darfur-region-kills-51-people-and-injures-62-others.md) _Context: Arab, Darfur, Sudan_
4. [55 people are killed and 85 injured after clashes between Arab nomads from the Darfur region of Sudan and the Southern Sudan army. ](/news/2010/04/25/55-people-are-killed-and-85-injured-after-clashes-between-arab-nomads-from-the-darfur-region-of-sudan-and-the-southern-sudan-army.md) _Context: Arab, Darfur, Sudan_
5. [ The Chief Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court names the former Sudanese minister Ahmed Muhammad Harun and Janjaweed militia leader Ali Kushayb as chief suspects in its investigation into alleged war crimes and crimes against humanity in Darfur. The Government of Sudan has announced that it will not hand over the named men to the ICC. ](/news/2007/02/27/the-chief-prosecutor-of-the-international-criminal-court-names-the-former-sudanese-minister-ahmed-muhammad-harun-and-janjaweed-militia-lead.md) _Context: Darfur, Janjaweed, Sudan_
6. [ Human Rights Watch estimates that several hundred civilians in eastern Chad have been massacred by Sudanese Janjaweed and UFDC attacks in the past week alone. HRW also accuses the Government of Sudan of using child soldiers. HRW Africa Director Peter Takirambudde refers to the attacks as "havoc," and that civilians "are trapped between the carnage in Darfur and Chad's downward spiral into chaos." ](/news/2006/06/23/human-rights-watch-estimates-that-several-hundred-civilians-in-eastern-chad-have-been-massacred-by-sudanese-janjaweed-and-ufdc-attacks-in-t.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch, Janjaweed, Sudan_
7. [ United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan calls upon African Union leaders to take action to resolve the crisis in Darfur where an estimated 30,000 black Sudanese have been killed by Sudanese Arabs in cultural and racial strife. ](/news/2004/07/6/united-nations-secretary-general-kofi-annan-calls-upon-african-union-leaders-to-take-action-to-resolve-the-crisis-in-darfur-where-an-estima.md) _Context: Arab, Darfur, Sudan_
8. [ The European Union's 25 foreign ministers jointly call on the United Nations to pass a resolution threatening sanctions if the Sudanese government does not rein in the Arab militias blamed for atrocities in Darfur. ](/news/2004/07/27/the-european-union-s-25-foreign-ministers-jointly-call-on-the-united-nations-to-pass-a-resolution-threatening-sanctions-if-the-sudanese-gov.md) _Context: Arab, Darfur, Sudan_
9. [ Villagers in Abga Rajil, western Sudan, claim 56 people are killed in a raid by janjaweed militia. The UN says conflict in the Darfur area has displaced around a million people. ](/news/2004/05/23/villagers-in-abga-rajil-western-sudan-claim-56-people-are-killed-in-a-raid-by-janjaweed-militia-the-un-says-conflict-in-the-darfur-area.md) _Context: Darfur, Janjaweed, Sudan_
10. [Amnesty International say dozens of children in Darfur are among more than 200 people estimated to have been killed by Sudan government chemical weapons since January. ](/news/2016/09/28/amnesty-international-say-dozens-of-children-in-darfur-are-among-more-than-200-people-estimated-to-have-been-killed-by-sudan-government-chem.md) _Context: Darfur, Sudan_
