### [2004-07-20](/news/2004/07/20/index.md)

#  Sandy Berger resigns as a foreign affairs advisor to John Kerry's presidential campaign after it is reported that Berger was under investigation for allegedly illegally taking classified documents belonging to the U.S. National Archives, intended for review by the 9/11 Commission, related to the Clinton administration's handling of millennium terror threats. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=politicsNews&storyID=5723828)

### Related:

1. [ U.S. President George W. Bush's hometown newspaper, the Crawford, Texas, "Lone Star Iconoclast", endorses Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry. The editorial column asked Texan voters "not to rate the candidate by his hometown.&nbsp;.&nbsp;. but instead by where he intends to take the country." In the last election, the paper endorsed Bush. ](/news/2004/09/28/u-s-president-george-w-bush-s-hometown-newspaper-the-crawford-texas-lone-star-iconoclast-endorses-democratic-presidential-candidate.md) _Context: John Kerry, presidential candidate_
2. [ Police seal off the Washington, DC, office building housing John Kerry's presidential campaign headquarters after an envelope containing a suspicious white powder is opened by a Kerry staff member. ](/news/2004/07/22/police-seal-off-the-washington-dc-office-building-housing-john-kerry-s-presidential-campaign-headquarters-after-an-envelope-containing-a.md) _Context: John Kerry, presidential candidate_
3. [ 48 Nobel laureates endorse John Kerry as they think that he would increase the prosperity, health, environment, and security of Americans. They criticize the Bush administration for reducing funding for scientific research, setting restrictions on stem cell research, ignoring scientific consensus on critical issues such as global warming, and hampering cooperation with foreign scientists by using deterrent immigration and visa practices. ](/news/2004/06/21/48-nobel-laureates-endorse-john-kerry-as-they-think-that-he-would-increase-the-prosperity-health-environment-and-security-of-americans.md) _Context: John Kerry, presidential candidate_
4. [ Ceremonies in Topeka, Kansas, commemorate the 50th anniversary of "Brown v. Board of Education". Both President George W. Bush and presidential candidate John Kerry attend separate ceremonies. ](/news/2004/05/17/ceremonies-in-topeka-kansas-commemorate-the-50th-anniversary-of-brown-v-board-of-education-both-president-george-w-bush-and-presiden.md) _Context: John Kerry, presidential candidate_
5. [ John Ashcroft tells the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States that he blames former president Bill Clinton for intelligence failures and Jamie S. Gorelick for organizational failures leading to the September 11, 2001 attacks. ](/news/2004/04/14/john-ashcroft-tells-the-national-commission-on-terrorist-attacks-upon-the-united-states-that-he-blames-former-president-bill-clinton-for-in.md) _Context: 9/11 Commission, Bill Clinton_
6. [ John Kerry joins other Democrats calling for National Security Advisor Condoleezza Rice to testify before the September 11 commission and states the White House should learn from President Franklin Delano Roosevelt's openness during an inquiry after Pearl Harbor. ](/news/2004/03/27/john-kerry-joins-other-democrats-calling-for-national-security-advisor-condoleezza-rice-to-testify-before-the-september-11-commission-and-s.md) _Context: 9/11 Commission, John Kerry_
7. [World leaders such as Bill Clinton, Emmanuel Macron, Theresa May, Dmitry Medvedev and Angela Merkel attend the memorial service for the former West German leader Helmut Kohl. ](/news/2017/07/1/world-leaders-such-as-bill-clinton-emmanuel-macron-theresa-may-dmitry-medvedev-and-angela-merkel-attend-the-memorial-service-for-the-form.md) _Context: Bill Clinton_
8. [ Russia and the United States will continue talks on Aleppo after talks between the U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov. ](/news/2016/12/9/russia-and-the-united-states-will-continue-talks-on-aleppo-after-talks-between-the-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-and-foreign-minister.md) _Context: John Kerry_
9. [The Saudi-led military coalition and the Houthis (Ansar Allah) arrive at a ceasefire agreement effective as of 17 November 2016, as a result of talks led by US Secretary of State John Kerry with the region's leaders.](/news/2016/11/16/the-saudi-led-military-coalition-and-the-houthis-ansar-allah-arrive-at-a-ceasefire-agreement-effective-as-of-17-november-2016-as-a-result.md) _Context: John Kerry_
10. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry arrives in Kiev, Ukraine, where he is expected to discuss ways of ending the conflict in the east of the country. The visit, along with his visit to Georgia yesterday, comes ahead of the NATO summit in Warsaw that will take place tomorrow. ](/news/2016/07/7/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-arrives-in-kiev-ukraine-where-he-is-expected-to-discuss-ways-of-ending-the-conflict-in-the-east-of-the.md) _Context: John Kerry_
