### [2017-04-7](/news/2017/04/7/index.md)

# Neil Gorsuch is confirmed as the 113th justice of the Supreme Court of the United States by a 54-45 vote in the United States Senate after invocation of the "nuclear option". 




### Source:

1. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/04/07/us/politics/neil-gorsuch-supreme-court.html?_r=0)

### Related:

1. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _Context: Supreme Court of the United States, United States senators_
2. [President Donald Trump has nominated Judge Neil Gorsuch to fill the vacant seat on the Supreme Court of the United States. Neil Gorsuch is the youngest nominee to the court in 25 years. ](/news/2017/01/31/president-donald-trump-has-nominated-judge-neil-gorsuch-to-fill-the-vacant-seat-on-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-neil-gorsuch-is-t.md) _Context: Neil Gorsuch, Supreme Court of the United States_
3. [Former United States Senator Arlen Specter, who was vital in several United States Supreme Court nominations, dies at the age of 82, due to complications of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. ](/news/2012/10/14/former-united-states-senator-arlen-specter-who-was-vital-in-several-united-states-supreme-court-nominations-dies-at-the-age-of-82-due-to.md) _Context: Supreme Court of the United States, United States senators_
4. [The United States Senate confirms the nomination of Elena Kagan as an associate justice of the U.S. Supreme Court. ](/news/2010/08/5/the-united-states-senate-confirms-the-nomination-of-elena-kagan-as-an-associate-justice-of-the-u-s-supreme-court.md) _Context: Supreme Court of the United States, United States senators_
5. [ U.S. Senate confirmation hearings for United States Supreme Court nominee Sonia Sotomayor begin. ](/news/2009/07/13/u-s-senate-confirmation-hearings-for-united-states-supreme-court-nominee-sonia-sotomayor-begin.md) _Context: Supreme Court of the United States, United States senators_
6. [ By a vote of 78-22, the United States Senate confirms John G. Roberts, Jr. as Chief Justice, presiding over the Supreme Court. Roberts is sworn in later in the afternoon, and will preside over the Court's Fall term beginning October 3.](/news/2005/09/29/by-a-vote-of-78-22-the-united-states-senate-confirms-john-g-roberts-jr-as-chief-justice-presiding-over-the-supreme-court-roberts-is-s.md) _Context: Supreme Court of the United States, United States senators_
7. [United States senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-states-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-it.md) _Context: United States senators_
8. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: United States senators_
9. [The Supreme Court of the United States refuses to vacate a stay of execution issued by the Arkansas Supreme Court. Arkansas's highest court has also put on hold the execution of another inmate, Bruce Ward. The state had planned to execute eight inmates in eleven days. That schedule, as well as the use of the drug midazolam, sparked a broad range of legal challenges and humanitarian concerns about the executions. Today's planned execution of Don W. Davis would have been the state's first since 2005. ](/news/2017/04/18/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-refuses-to-vacate-a-stay-of-execution-issued-by-the-arkansas-supreme-court-arkansas-s-highest-court.md) _Context: Supreme Court of the United States_
10. [U.S. President Donald Trump's lawyers tell a federal court, in a case alleging negligence and incitement to riot during a 2016 campaign rally in Louisville, Kentucky, that he is "immune from suit because he is President of the United States." A lawyer for the plaintiffs responds that, in ''Clinton v. Jones'', the Supreme Court found the president could be sued for events that occurred before he took office. ](/news/2017/04/15/u-s-president-donald-trump-s-lawyers-tell-a-federal-court-in-a-case-alleging-negligence-and-incitement-to-riot-during-a-2016-campaign-rall.md) _Context: Supreme Court of the United States_
