### [2017-04-7](/news/2017/04/7/index.md)

# Neil Gorsuch is confirmed as the 113th justice of the Supreme Court of the United States by a 54-45 vote in the United States Senate after invocation of the "nuclear option". 




### Source:

1. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/04/07/us/politics/neil-gorsuch-supreme-court.html?_r=0)

### Related:

1. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision ("NLRB v. SW General, Inc"), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-preside.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court, United States Senate_
2. [Supreme Court of the United States: President Donald Trump has nominated Judge Neil Gorsuch to fill the vacant seat on the Supreme Court of the United States. Neil Gorsuch is the youngest nominee to the court in 25 years. ](/news/2017/01/31/supreme-court-of-the-united-states-president-donald-trump-has-nominated-judge-neil-gorsuch-to-fill-the-vacant-seat-on-the-supreme-court-of.md) _Context: Neil Gorsuch, U.S. Supreme Court_
3. [Former United States Senator Arlen Specter, who was vital in several United States Supreme Court nominations, dies at the age of 82, due to complications of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. ](/news/2012/10/14/former-united-states-senator-arlen-specter-who-was-vital-in-several-united-states-supreme-court-nominations-dies-at-the-age-of-82-due-to.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court, United States Senate_
4. [The United States Senate confirms the nomination of Elena Kagan as an associate justice of the U.S. Supreme Court. ](/news/2010/08/5/the-united-states-senate-confirms-the-nomination-of-elena-kagan-as-an-associate-justice-of-the-u-s-supreme-court.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court, United States Senate_
5. [ U.S. Senate confirmation hearings for United States Supreme Court nominee Sonia Sotomayor begin. ](/news/2009/07/13/u-s-senate-confirmation-hearings-for-united-states-supreme-court-nominee-sonia-sotomayor-begin.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court, United States Senate_
6. [ By a vote of 78-22, the United States Senate confirms John G. Roberts, Jr. as Chief Justice, presiding over the Supreme Court. Roberts is sworn in later in the afternoon, and will preside over the Court's Fall term beginning October 3.](/news/2005/09/29/by-a-vote-of-78-22-the-united-states-senate-confirms-john-g-roberts-jr-as-chief-justice-presiding-over-the-supreme-court-roberts-is-s.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court, United States Senate_
7. [Political appointments by Donald Trump: The United States Senate, in a 92-5 vote, confirms Christopher A. Wray as Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ](/news/2017/08/1/political-appointments-by-donald-trump-the-united-states-senate-in-a-92-5-vote-confirms-christopher-a-wray-as-director-of-the-federal.md) _Context: United States Senate_
8. [2017 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act replacement proposals: The American Health Care Act of 2017, an attempt to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, fails passage in the United States Senate. ](/news/2017/07/28/2017-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-replacement-proposals-the-american-health-care-act-of-2017-an-attempt-to-repeal-the-patien.md) _Context: United States Senate_
9. [Efforts to repeal Obamacare: The United States Senate rejects "repeal only" propositions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. United States President Donald Trump lashes out at Republican Senator Lisa Murkowski, who voted against the proposal. ](/news/2017/07/26/efforts-to-repeal-obamacare-the-united-states-senate-rejects-repeal-only-propositions-of-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act.md) _Context: United States Senate_
10. [Efforts to repeal Obamacare: The U.S. Senate votes to open debate on repealing and possibly replacing Obamacare. ](/news/2017/07/25/efforts-to-repeal-obamacare-the-u-s-senate-votes-to-open-debate-on-repealing-and-possibly-replacing-obamacare.md) _Context: United States Senate_
