### [2017-04-7](/news/2017/04/7/index.md)

# Over 50,000 people participate in the ongoing Democratic Alliance protests in South Africa against President Jacob Zuma. 

Desmond Tutu made an appearance at protests in Cape Town 


### Source:

1. [NewsTalk](http://www.newstalk.com/Thousands-protest-in-South-Africa-against-President-Zouma)
2. [Sowetan Live](http://www.sowetanlive.co.za/news/2017/04/08/zumamustfall-campaign-to-hold-national-day-of-action)

### Related:

1. [Former anti-apartheid activist Mamphela Ramphele and her 1-year old party Agang South Africa joins the main opposition party, Democratic Alliance, as Ramphele becomes DA's presidential candidate for the 2014 general election and thus the main challenger to incumbent President Jacob Zuma. ](/news/2014/01/28/former-anti-apartheid-activist-mamphela-ramphele-and-her-1-year-old-party-agang-south-africa-joins-the-main-opposition-party-democratic-all.md) _Context: Democratic Alliance, Jacob Zuma_
2. [President Jacob Zuma survives his eighth no-confidence motion in parliament via a 198-177 secret ballot vote with nine abstentions. The rand fell by 1 percent on the announcement of the outcome.  ](/news/2017/08/8/president-jacob-zuma-survives-his-eighth-no-confidence-motion-in-parliament-via-a-198a177-secret-ballot-vote-with-nine-abstentions-the-ra.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma_
3. [The Speaker of the National Assembly of South Africa, Baleka Mbete, announces that a vote of no confidence in President Jacob Zuma will be held by secret ballot. The vote, to be held on 8 August 2017, will be the eighth vote of no confidence against the president and the first by secret ballot. ](/news/2017/08/7/the-speaker-of-the-national-assembly-of-south-africa-baleka-mbete-announces-that-a-vote-of-no-confidence-in-president-jacob-zuma-will-be-h.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma_
4. [Julius Malema addresses a large, multi-racial crowd in Pretoria before their march on the Union buildings. ](/news/2017/04/12/julius-malema-addresses-a-large-multi-racial-crowd-in-pretoria-before-their-march-on-the-union-buildings.md) _Context: Protests in South Africa_
5. [President of South Africa Jacob Zuma fires finance minister Pravin Gordhan amid a major cabinet reshuffle. The South African rand plunges. ](/news/2017/03/31/president-of-south-africa-jacob-zuma-fires-finance-minister-pravin-gordhan-amid-a-major-cabinet-reshuffle-the-south-african-rand-plunges.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma_
6. [Solly Msimanga, newly elected Democratic Alliance mayor of Tshwane, South Africa, rejects a fleet of luxury cars for himself and instead donates it to the city's police. ](/news/2016/09/8/solly-msimanga-newly-elected-democratic-alliance-mayor-of-tshwane-south-africa-rejects-a-fleet-of-luxury-cars-for-himself-and-instead-don.md) _Context: Democratic Alliance_
7. [With more than half the vote counted, the ruling African National Congress (ANC) is ahead on 53.2 percent of the vote which, if this trend continues,  will be the first election since the end of apartheid in 1994 that the ANC receives less than 60 percent.   The opposition Democratic Alliance, with about 28 percent of the vote nationally, has gained the lead in three major cities:  Pretoria, Johannesburg, and Port Elizabeth. Final results are expected Friday. ](/news/2016/08/4/with-more-than-half-the-vote-counted-the-ruling-african-national-congress-anc-is-ahead-on-53-2-percent-of-the-vote-which-if-this-trend-c.md) _Context: Democratic Alliance_
8. [Following a South African Constitutional Court order, the National Treasury reports President Jacob Zuma should pay back $500,000, the public funds spent upgrading his private residence. ](/news/2016/06/28/following-a-south-african-constitutional-court-order-the-national-treasury-reports-president-jacob-zuma-should-pay-back-500-000-the-publi.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma_
9. [The South African Parliament debates a minority motion to impeach President Jacob Zuma following last week's Constitutional Court judgment that Zuma had violated the constitution in a spending scandal involving the president's private home. The African National Congress has a 249 - 151 majority, making this motion's chance of gaining a two-thirds majority unlikely. ](/news/2016/04/5/the-south-african-parliament-debates-a-minority-motion-to-impeach-president-jacob-zuma-following-last-week-s-constitutional-court-judgment-t.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma_
10. [The Parliament of South Africa announces it will debate a motion to impeach President Jacob Zuma this coming Tuesday. This comes after Zuma is facing mounting pressure when the Constitutional Court ruled that Zuma violated the constitution by using state funds to renovate his mansion. Yesterday, anti-apartheid veteran Ahmed Kathrada joined opposition leaders in calling for Zuma's resignation. ](/news/2016/04/3/the-parliament-of-south-africa-announces-it-will-debate-a-motion-to-impeach-president-jacob-zuma-this-coming-tuesday-this-comes-after-zuma.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma_
