### [2017-04-7](/news/2017/04/7/index.md)

# President Joseph Kabila appoints Bruno Tshibala of the Union for Democracy and Social Progress as the Prime Minister of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Kabila's earlier announcement of his decision to appoint a new prime minister prompted Samy Badibanga to resign from the role after less than five months in office. 

Announcement likely to further divide the president&#39;s opponents in a country that has been rocked by violence.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/04/kabila-names-bruno-tshibala-drc-prime-minister-170407201215507.html)

### Related:

1. [President Joseph Kabila appoints Samy Badibanga as the new Prime Minister of the Democratic Republic of the Congo as part of a power-sharing deal agreed by the opposition and government. ](/news/2016/11/17/president-joseph-kabila-appoints-samy-badibanga-as-the-new-prime-minister-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-as-part-of-a-power-sharing.md) _Context: Joseph Kabila, Prime Minister of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Samy Badibanga_
2. [A day after street violence in the Democratic Republic of the Congo between protesters opposed to President Joseph Kabila and security forces left at least 44 dead, armed men in military uniforms burn down the headquarters of the main opposition Union for Democracy and Social Progress (UDPS) in Kinshasa, DR Congo, killing at least two people. ](/news/2016/09/20/a-day-after-street-violence-in-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-between-protesters-opposed-to-president-joseph-kabila-and-security-force.md) _Context: Joseph Kabila, Union for Democracy and Social Progress_
3. [Clashes between security forces and anti-government protesters demanding the resignation of President Joseph Kabila reportedly leave more than 20 people dead in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. ](/news/2016/12/20/clashes-between-security-forces-and-anti-government-protesters-demanding-the-resignation-of-president-joseph-kabila-reportedly-leave-more-th.md) _Context: Joseph Kabila_
4. [Augustin Matata Ponyo resigns as Prime Minister of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. ](/news/2016/11/14/augustin-matata-ponyo-resigns-as-prime-minister-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo.md) _Context: Prime Minister of the Democratic Republic of the Congo_
5. [A Democratic Republic of the Congo protest calling for the resignation of President Joseph Kabila turns violent in Kinshasa, leaving at least 17 people dead, including three police officers. Opposition groups say that 50 people died. ](/news/2016/09/19/a-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-protest-calling-for-the-resignation-of-president-joseph-kabila-turns-violent-in-kinshasa-leaving-at-leas.md) _Context: Joseph Kabila_
6. [Police in the Democratic Republic of Congo's capital Kinshasa fire on protesters opposing efforts by President Joseph Kabila to delay presidential and parliamentary elections due in 2016 leaving at least four people dead and ten injured. ](/news/2015/01/19/police-in-the-democratic-republic-of-congo-s-capital-kinshasa-fire-on-protesters-opposing-efforts-by-president-joseph-kabila-to-delay-presid.md) _Context: Joseph Kabila_
7. [M23 rebellion:The March 23 Movement in the Democratic Republic of Congo announces that peace talks will only commence if President Joseph Kabila's government signs a ceasefire. ](/news/2013/01/3/m23-rebellion-pthe-march-23-movement-in-the-democratic-republic-of-congo-announces-that-peace-talks-will-only-commence-if-president-joseph-k.md) _Context: Joseph Kabila_
8. [Activists from the Enough Project reveal through ''The Guardian'' newspaper that Omar al-Bashir's Sudan and Joseph Kabila's DR Congo together received 2.4 million pound sterling (around USD 4 million) in British military aid, in the last five years alone. ](/news/2012/09/25/activists-from-the-enough-project-reveal-through-the-guardian-newspaper-that-omar-al-bashir-s-sudan-and-joseph-kabila-s-dr-congo-togethe.md) _Context: Joseph Kabila_
9. [A senior aide to the President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Joseph Kabila, is killed, and the Finance Minister Matata Ponyo Mapon is injured in a plane crash near the town of Bukavu. ](/news/2012/02/12/a-senior-aide-to-the-president-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-joseph-kabila-is-killed-and-the-finance-minister-matata-ponyo-mapo.md) _Context: Joseph Kabila_
10. [Incumbent President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo Joseph Kabila is declared the winner of the Congolese general election but lead opposition candidate Etienne Tshisekedi disputes the outcome. ](/news/2011/12/9/incumbent-president-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-joseph-kabila-is-declared-the-winner-of-the-congolese-general-election-but-lead.md) _Context: Joseph Kabila_
