### [2017-04-7](/news/2017/04/7/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War: 2017 Shayrat missile strike: The United States launches 60 Tomahawk cruise missiles aimed at the Ash Sha'irat air base in Homs Governorate in response to the Syrian government's alleged use of chemical weapons in its attack on the town of Khan Shaykhun. The Government of Syria claims the attack killed six soldiers and nine civilians, including four children. 

President Bashar al-Assad &#x27;choked out the lives of helpless men, women and children,&#x27; President Donald Trump said in remarks from Florida.


### Source:

1. [AFP via ''Yahoo News](https://www.yahoo.com/news/four-children-among-nine-civilians-dead-us-syria-113705158.html)
2. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/u-s-launches-missiles-syrian-base-after-chemical-weapons-attack-n743636?cid=eml_nbn_20170406)
3. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/04/07/world/middleeast/russia-iran-us-strikes-syria.html)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: Central Syria campaign (July 2017-present): A Syrian Army commando unit backed by Russian warplanes and helicopters kills 25 ISIL militants in Central Syria, in the northeast of the Homs Governorate. ](/news/2017/08/13/syrian-civil-war-central-syria-campaign-july-2017-present-a-syrian-army-commando-unit-backed-by-russian-warplanes-and-helicopters-kill.md) _Context: Homs Governorate, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Syrian Civil War: ISIL forces raid an Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps base in vast desert spaces of eastern Homs Governorate, Syria, manned by between 12 to 18 fighters, all but one of which are killed. ](/news/2017/08/11/syrian-civil-war-isil-forces-raid-an-iranian-islamic-revolutionary-guard-corps-base-in-vast-desert-spaces-of-eastern-homs-governorate-syri.md) _Context: Homs Governorate, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian Civil War: The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) take control of the Baath Dam on the Euphrates, near the ISIL stronghold of Raqqa, and upon doing so, rename it "Freedom Dam". ](/news/2017/06/4/syrian-civil-war-the-u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-take-control-of-the-baath-dam-on-the-euphrates-near-the-isil-stronghold-of.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United States_
4. [Syrian Civil War: The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) says they will counter Iraq-s mostly Iran-backed Popular Mobilization Forces (PMU) militants if the latter enters areas under SDF control, insisting that SDF will never accept the presence of Iran and SDF will never under any circumstances act as a bridge between PMU and the Syria's Assad regime. ](/news/2017/05/31/syrian-civil-war-the-u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-says-they-will-counter-iraq-s-mostly-iran-backed-popular-mobilization-for.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United States_
5. [Syrian Civil War: American-led intervention in Syria: United States aircraft bomb a convoy belonging to the Syrian pro-government militia within a so-called "deconfliction zone" around Al-Tanf. ](/news/2017/05/18/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-united-states-aircraft-bomb-a-convoy-belonging-to-the-syrian-pro-government-militia-wi.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United States_
6. [Syrian Civil War: A toxic gas attack, allegedly by Syrian warplanes, kills at least 83 and injures many more in rebel-held Khan Shaykhun, Idlib. ](/news/2017/04/4/syrian-civil-war-a-toxic-gas-attack-allegedly-by-syrian-warplanes-kills-at-least-83-and-injures-many-more-in-rebel-held-khan-shaykhun-id.md) _Context: Khan Shaykhun, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian Civil War: American-led intervention in Syria: According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, multiple suspected U.S.-led coalition air raids kill at least 23 civilians in the village of al-Matab in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/03/9/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-multiple-suspected-u-s-led-coal.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United States_
8. [Syrian Civil War: Raqqa offensive (2016-present): A U.S.-led coalition airstrike on a school west of Raqqa, kills at least 33 people. ](/news/2017/03/22/syrian-civil-war-raqqa-offensive-2016-present-a-u-s-led-coalition-airstrike-on-a-school-west-of-raqqa-kills-at-least-33-people.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United States_
9. [Syrian Civil War: Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/syrian-civil-war-russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-u.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United States_
10. [Syrian Civil War: American-led intervention in Syria: At least 47 ISIL militants have been killed by Turkish and U.S.-led bombing raids by fighter jets on the town of al-Bab in the last 24 hours, with the Turkish Armed Forces attacking 135 other ISIL targets in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/02/3/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-at-least-47-isil-militants-have-been-killed-by-turkish-and-u-s-led-bombing-raids-by-f.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United States_
