### [2017-04-7](/news/2017/04/7/index.md)

# Twenty people have died and more than a dozen missing after a ferry capsizes in Myanmar's Irrawaddy River delta. 

A ferry boat has capsized in Myanmar&#39;s Ayeyarwaddy delta, killing 20 people and leaving more than a dozen missing, police said.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/04/08/ferry-capsizes-myanmar-killing-20-dozen-missing/)

### Related:

1. [Nine, mostly children, die, after an overloaded river ferry capsizes in the Irrawaddy River delta, in Myanmar. ](/news/2010/10/7/nine-mostly-children-die-after-an-overloaded-river-ferry-capsizes-in-the-irrawaddy-river-delta-in-myanmar.md) _Context: Irrawaddy River, Myanmar_
2. [ Cyclone Nargis: Myanmar's State Peace and Development Council declares that five states in the Irrawaddy River delta are a disaster area following the cyclone with at least 351 deaths. ](/news/2008/05/4/cyclone-nargis-myanmar-s-state-peace-and-development-council-declares-that-five-states-in-the-irrawaddy-river-delta-are-a-disaster-area-fo.md) _Context: Irrawaddy River, Myanmar_
3. [Rohingya insurgency in Western Myanmar: 2016-17 Northern Rakhine State clashes: Myanmar officials report eight policemen and one immigration officer, and 16 Rohingya insurgents were killed overnight during coordinated attacks by insurgents on at least 26 police posts and an army base in Rakhine State. ](/news/2017/08/25/rohingya-insurgency-in-western-myanmar-2016-17-northern-rakhine-state-clashes-myanmar-officials-report-eight-policemen-and-one-immigrati.md) _Context: Myanmar_
4. [2016-17 Rohingya persecution in Myanmar: A mob of at least a hundred Rakhine Buddhists in Sittwe, Rakhine State, Myanmar, attack seven Rohingya men from Dapaing Camp for internally displaced persons, killing one and severely injuring another. The Rohingya men were being escorted by police to Sittwe's docks to purchase boats, but were attacked despite armed guards being present. ](/news/2017/07/4/2016-17-rohingya-persecution-in-myanmar-a-mob-of-at-least-a-hundred-rakhine-buddhists-in-sittwe-rakhine-state-myanmar-attack-seven-roh.md) _Context: Myanmar_
5. [The Holy See and Myanmar establish full diplomatic relations following a meeting between Pope Francis and Myanmar's State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-holy-see-and-myanmar-establish-full-diplomatic-relations-following-a-meeting-between-pope-francis-and-myanmar-s-state-counsellor-aung-sa.md) _Context: Myanmar_
6. [At least 20 people are killed when a boat carrying wedding guests collides with a river barge in western Myanmar. ](/news/2017/04/8/at-least-20-people-are-killed-when-a-boat-carrying-wedding-guests-collides-with-a-river-barge-in-western-myanmar.md) _Context: Myanmar_
7. [Internal conflict in Myanmar: According to the government of Myanmar, at least 30 people are killed in an attack on various police, military, and government installations by the Myanmar National Democratic Alliance Army in Laukkai. Four police officers were also taken hostage. ](/news/2017/03/6/internal-conflict-in-myanmar-according-to-the-government-of-myanmar-at-least-30-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-on-various-police-military.md) _Context: Myanmar_
8. [2016-17 Rohingya persecution in Myanmar: The United Nations Human Rights Council releases a report detailing mass atrocities by the military and police forces against Myanmar's Rohingya minority, including gang-rapes, mass killings, and possible ethnic cleansing, which could amount to crimes against humanity. ](/news/2017/02/3/2016-17-rohingya-persecution-in-myanmar-the-united-nations-human-rights-council-releases-a-report-detailing-mass-atrocities-by-the-milita.md) _Context: Myanmar_
9. [Tens of thousands of people, including politicians and activists, gather for the funeral of Ko Ni, Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi's longtime adviser, who was assassinated yesterday as he walked out of the Yangon International Airport. ](/news/2017/01/30/tens-of-thousands-of-people-including-politicians-and-activists-gather-for-the-funeral-of-ko-ni-myanmar-leader-aung-san-suu-kyi-s-longtim.md) _Context: Myanmar_
10. [Rohingya protests: Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak leads a protest rally against the persecution of Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority in the predominately Buddhist country, and calls on Myanmar State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi and the United Nations to address the Rohingya's plight and end the violence. Myanmar's president's office said the rally is timed for Malaysian political purposes, and that Malaysia should respect the Association of Southeast Asian Nations's principle on sovereignty. ](/news/2016/12/4/rohingya-protests-malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-leads-a-protest-rally-against-the-persecution-of-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority.md) _Context: Myanmar_
