### [2017-04-7](/news/2017/04/7/index.md)

# War in Somalia (2009-present). Mortar rounds are fired in a neighborhood in Wadajir District, Somalia, killing three civilians. Al-Shabaab is suspected of being behind the attack. 

Mortar shells fired into homes in the Somali capital of Mogadishu has killed three people and wounded five, police and ambulance services said on Friday, a day after the government changed heads of security agencies.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-somalia-security-idUSKBN1791R9?il=0)

### Related:

1. [War in Somalia (2009-present). A United States Navy SEAL is killed, becoming the first U.S. service member killed in Somalia since 1993, and three others are injured in a gunfight with al-Shabaab militants, west of Mogadishu. ](/news/2017/05/6/war-in-somalia-2009-present-a-united-states-navy-seal-is-killed-becoming-the-first-u-s-service-member-killed-in-somalia-since-1993-a.md) _Context: Somalia, War in Somalia (2009-present), al-Shabaab militants_
2. [War in Somalia (2009-present). The United States is to deploy troops to Somalia for the first time since 1994 to help train the Somali Armed Forces in their conflict with al-Shabaab insurgents. ](/news/2017/04/14/war-in-somalia-2009-present-the-united-states-is-to-deploy-troops-to-somalia-for-the-first-time-since-1994-to-help-train-the-somali-arm.md) _Context: Somalia, War in Somalia (2009-present), al-Shabaab militants_
3. [War in Somalia (2009-present). Al-Shabaab militants attack a remote AMISOM base in southern Somalia, claiming to have killed dozens of Kenyan troops. ](/news/2017/01/27/war-in-somalia-2009-present-al-shabaab-militants-attack-a-remote-amisom-base-in-southern-somalia-claiming-to-have-killed-dozens-of-ken.md) _Context: Somalia, War in Somalia (2009-present), al-Shabaab militants_
4. [War in Somalia (2009-present). An al-Shabaab suicide car bomb kills at least 20 people in the town of Galkayo in Somalia's semi-autonomous Puntland region. ](/news/2016/08/21/war-in-somalia-2009-present-an-al-shabaab-suicide-car-bomb-kills-at-least-20-people-in-the-town-of-galkayo-in-somalia-s-semi-autonomous.md) _Context: Somalia, War in Somalia (2009-present), al-Shabaab militants_
5. [War in Somalia (2009-present). Al-Shabaab says it has killed at least 60 Ethiopian soldiers in an attack on a AMISOM base in central Somalia. ](/news/2016/06/9/war-in-somalia-2009-present-al-shabaab-says-it-has-killed-at-least-60-ethiopian-soldiers-in-an-attack-on-a-amisom-base-in-central-somal.md) _Context: Somalia, War in Somalia (2009-present), al-Shabaab militants_
6. [War in Somalia (2009-present). In a raid by Somali forces near Kismayo, at least 16 Al-Shabaab militants are killed, including the mastermind of the Garissa University College attack. ](/news/2016/06/2/war-in-somalia-2009-present-in-a-raid-by-somali-forces-near-kismayo-at-least-16-al-shabaab-militants-are-killed-including-the-masterm.md) _Context: Somalia, War in Somalia (2009-present), al-Shabaab militants_
7. [War in Somalia (2009-present). At least 16 people are killed and 55 injured in an attack on a hotel in Mogadishu, Somalia. Al-Shabaab claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/06/1/war-in-somalia-2009-present-at-least-16-people-are-killed-and-55-injured-in-an-attack-on-a-hotel-in-mogadishu-somalia-al-shabaab-clai.md) _Context: Somalia, War in Somalia (2009-present), al-Shabaab militants_
8. [War in Somalia (2009-present). At least five people are killed and seven are wounded following a car bomb attack near a government building in Somalia's capital, Mogadishu. Al-Shabaab claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/04/11/war-in-somalia-2009-present-at-least-five-people-are-killed-and-seven-are-wounded-following-a-car-bomb-attack-near-a-government-buildin.md) _Context: Somalia, War in Somalia (2009-present), al-Shabaab militants_
9. [War in Somalia (2009-present). A U.S. drone strike reportedly kills a key Al-Shabaab leader, Hassan Ali Dhoore, and two other militants, near the town of Jilib, Somalia, according to several U.S. officials. ](/news/2016/04/1/war-in-somalia-2009-present-a-u-s-drone-strike-reportedly-kills-a-key-al-shabaab-leader-hassan-ali-dhoore-and-two-other-militants-n.md) _Context: Somalia, War in Somalia (2009-present), al-Shabaab militants_
10. [War in Somalia (2009-present). U.S. special forces, landing in two helicopters, stage an overnight raid on the al-Shabaab-controlled town of Awdhegele in Somalia's Lower Shebelle region. Al-Shabaab spokesman, Sheik Abduasiz Abu Musab, confirmed the raid saying "The helicopters landed outside town and the ground forces entered, there was heavy fighting and they were forced to flee"."They were masked and spoke foreign languages which our fighters could not understand," Abu Musab told Reuters. "We do not know who they were but we foiled them." ](/news/2016/03/9/war-in-somalia-2009-present-u-s-special-forces-landing-in-two-helicopters-stage-an-overnight-raid-on-the-al-shabaab-controlled-town.md) _Context: Somalia, War in Somalia (2009-present), al-Shabaab militants_
