### [2014-04-6](/news/2014/04/6/index.md)

# The world's two largest cement manufacturers, LaFarge of France and Holcim of Switzerland, agree to a merger that would create a firm with a market value of $55 billion. 

* Combined entity would have market value of $55 bln* Firms to announce plan on Monday, Holcim would buy Lafarge* Companies already working t


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/04/06/lafarge-holcim-idUSL6N0MY0DS20140406)

### Related:

1. [Twelve Portuguese nationals,  who were residents of Fribourg, Switzerland, are killed in a head-on collision  between their minibus and a truck, on a highway 300 kilometers (185 miles) south of Paris, France. The only survivor from the bus is the driver; the two Italian occupants of the truck are slightly injured. ](/news/2016/03/25/twelve-portuguese-nationals-who-were-residents-of-fribourg-switzerland-are-killed-in-a-head-on-collision-between-their-minibus-and-a-tr.md) _Context: France, Switzerland_
2. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: France, Switzerland_
3. [A Swiss Boeing F/A-18 military jet crashes in France while on a training mission, injuring the pilot. The Swiss defense ministry has said it did not know what caused the accident. ](/news/2015/10/14/a-swiss-boeing-f-a-18-military-jet-crashes-in-france-while-on-a-training-mission-injuring-the-pilot-the-swiss-defense-ministry-has-said-it.md) _Context: France, Switzerland_
4. [John Kerry, the United States Secretary of State, is taken to hospital in Switzerland with a broken leg following a cycling accident in the nearby French town of Scionzier. Kerry had been in Geneva negotiating with the Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif. ](/news/2015/05/31/john-kerry-the-united-states-secretary-of-state-is-taken-to-hospital-in-switzerland-with-a-broken-leg-following-a-cycling-accident-in-the.md) _Context: France, Switzerland_
5. [The two largest cement manufacturers in the world, Lafarge and Holcim, announce plans for a merger. ](/news/2014/04/4/the-two-largest-cement-manufacturers-in-the-world-lafarge-and-holcim-announce-plans-for-a-merger.md) _Context: Holcim, LaFarge_
6. [Police in France, Belgium and Switzerland arrest more than two dozen people in connection with the Brussels Airport diamond heist. ](/news/2013/05/8/police-in-france-belgium-and-switzerland-arrest-more-than-two-dozen-people-in-connection-with-the-brussels-airport-diamond-heist.md) _Context: France, Switzerland_
7. [Myanmar democracy activist Aung San Suu Kyi returns to Europe after more than two decades for a European tour, including Norway, Switzerland, France, Ireland and Britain. ](/news/2012/06/13/myanmar-democracy-activist-aung-san-suu-kyi-returns-to-europe-after-more-than-two-decades-for-a-european-tour-including-norway-switzerland.md) _Context: France, Switzerland_
8. [Switzerland rejects a request from the United States to extradite Franco-Polish film director Roman Polanski to face sentencing on charges of unlawful sex with a minor in 1977. ](/news/2010/07/12/switzerland-rejects-a-request-from-the-united-states-to-extradite-francoapolish-film-director-roman-polanski-to-face-sentencing-on-charges.md) _Context: France, Switzerland_
9. [Contributions from Belgium, Canada, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Japan, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden and Switzerland allow the World Bank to cancel $36 million in Haiti's remaining debt following January's devastating earthquake. ](/news/2010/05/28/contributions-from-belgium-canada-finland-france-germany-ireland-italy-japan-the-netherlands-norway-spain-sweden-and-switzerland.md) _Context: France, Switzerland_
10. [A 13-year-old girl is killed when a car is deliberately driven into a pizza restaurant's sidewalk cafe in Sept-Sorts, France. At least 12 other people are injured, four critically. The driver is arrested. Police do not believe the incident was terrorism-related. ](/news/2017/08/14/a-13-year-old-girl-is-killed-when-a-car-is-deliberately-driven-into-a-pizza-restaurant-s-sidewalk-cafe-in-sept-sorts-france-at-least-12-ot.md) _Context: France_
