### [2012-06-2](/news/2012/06/2/index.md)

# A court in Cairo, Egypt, finds former president Hosni Mubarak and former interior minister Habib al-Adly guilty for complicity in the killings of demonstrators in the 2011 revolution that ousted Mubarak and both are sentenced to life in prison. Mubarak and his two sons, Gamal and Alaa, are all acquitted on separate corruption charges. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-18306126)

### Related:

1. [Former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak appears in court for the second session of his trial with his two sons Alaa and Gamal who share corruption charges with him; the trial is subsequently adjourned and ordered to be merged with that of former Interior Minister Habib al-Adly. ](/news/2011/08/15/former-egyptian-president-hosni-mubarak-appears-in-court-for-the-second-session-of-his-trial-with-his-two-sons-alaa-and-gamal-who-share-corr.md) _Context: Alaa Mubarak, Gamel, Habib al-Adly, Hosni Mubarak_
2. [Egypt presses formal charges against Gamel and Alaa Mubarak, sons of ousted president Hosni Mubarak, and Ahmed Shafiq, a recent presidential candidate, over alleged illegal acquisition of land. An arrest warrant has been issued against Shafiq, now a resident in the United Arab Emirates. ](/news/2012/09/11/egypt-presses-formal-charges-against-gamel-and-alaa-mubarak-sons-of-ousted-president-hosni-mubarak-and-ahmed-shafiq-a-recent-presidential.md) _Context: Alaa Mubarak, Gamel, Hosni Mubarak_
3. [An Egyptian court decides to try former President of Egypt Hosni Mubarak and Interior Minister Habib al-Adly together on charges relating to the death of protesters in the 2011 Egyptian revolution. ](/news/2011/07/25/an-egyptian-court-decides-to-try-former-president-of-egypt-hosni-mubarak-and-interior-minister-habib-al-adly-together-on-charges-relating-to.md) _Context: 2011 Egyptian revolution, Habib al-Adly, Hosni Mubarak_
4. [Egyptian authorities detain former president Hosni Mubarak and his sons Alaa and Gamal for 15 days as part of an investigation related to possible charges of corruption and abuse of power. ](/news/2011/04/13/egyptian-authorities-detain-former-president-hosni-mubarak-and-his-sons-alaa-and-gamal-for-15-days-as-part-of-an-investigation-related-to-po.md) _Context: Alaa Mubarak, Gamel, Hosni Mubarak_
5. [A Cairo court clears former President of Egypt Hosni Mubarak on murder charges related to the death of hundreds of protesters in the 2011 Egyptian revolution. ](/news/2014/11/29/a-cairo-court-clears-former-president-of-egypt-hosni-mubarak-on-murder-charges-related-to-the-death-of-hundreds-of-protesters-in-the-2011-eg.md) _Context: 2011 Egyptian revolution, Hosni Mubarak_
6. [A retrial of former President of Egypt Hosni Mubarak begins in Cairo for his alleged complicity in the deaths of protesters in the 2011 Egyptian revolution. ](/news/2013/05/11/a-retrial-of-former-president-of-egypt-hosni-mubarak-begins-in-cairo-for-his-alleged-complicity-in-the-deaths-of-protesters-in-the-2011-egyp.md) _Context: 2011 Egyptian revolution, Hosni Mubarak_
7. [Former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak's retrial on charges of corruption and conspiracy to kill protesters during the 2011 Egyptian revolution is transferred to another court. ](/news/2013/04/13/former-egyptian-president-hosni-mubarak-s-retrial-on-charges-of-corruption-and-conspiracy-to-kill-protesters-during-the-2011-egyptian-revolu.md) _Context: 2011 Egyptian revolution, Hosni Mubarak_
8. [Mohamed Morsi is sworn in as President of Egypt, the first president elected since Hosni Mubarak was ousted in last year's revolution. ](/news/2012/06/30/mohamed-morsi-is-sworn-in-as-president-of-egypt-the-first-president-elected-since-hosni-mubarak-was-ousted-in-last-year-s-revolution.md) _Context: 2011 Egyptian revolution, Hosni Mubarak_
9. [In Egypt, Hosni Mubarak, ousted from power in last year's revolution, is reported to in a coma and has been taken off life support. ](/news/2012/06/20/in-egypt-hosni-mubarak-ousted-from-power-in-last-year-s-revolution-is-reported-to-in-a-coma-and-has-been-taken-off-life-support.md) _Context: 2011 Egyptian revolution, Hosni Mubarak_
10. [Arab Spring:post-Mubarak Egypt:Tens of thousands of people converge on Cairo's Tahrir Square to demonstrate against Egypt's military rulers, who have seized power following the ousting from power of Hosni Mubarak in last year's revolution. ](/news/2012/06/19/arab-spring-ppost-mubarak-egypt-ptens-of-thousands-of-people-converge-on-cairo-s-tahrir-square-to-demonstrate-against-egypt-s-military-ruler.md) _Context: 2011 Egyptian revolution, Hosni Mubarak_
