### [2016-10-10](/news/2016/10/10/index.md)

# British-born American Oliver Hart and Finnish Bengt Holmstrom win the Nobel Prize in Economics for their work on the science of contracts. 

UK-born Oliver Hart and Bengt Holmstrom of Finland have won the Nobel Economics Prize for work on contract theory.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/business-37605685)

### Related:

1. [More than a dozen alleged ISIS-linked, terrorist members of Rawti Shax, a European offshoot of the Iraqi Kurdish jihadist network Ansar al-Islam,  are arrested in a coordinated, multi-nation sweep by police across Europe. The operation  dismantled an integrated cell in Italy, the United Kingdom, Norway, Finland, Switzerland, and Germany.  The group is accused of radicalizing fighters, planning attacks  targeting Norwegian and British diplomats in the Middle East, and planning to establish a caliphate in Iraq's Kurdistan region. ](/news/2015/11/12/more-than-a-dozen-alleged-isis-linked-terrorist-members-of-rawti-shax-a-european-offshoot-of-the-iraqi-kurdish-jihadist-network-ansar-al-i.md) _Context: Finland, United Kingdom_
2. [Eruption of Eyjafjallajokull volcano:Travel chaos spreads across Europe as planes are grounded in the United Kingdom, Norway, Sweden, Finland and Russia as a result of the giant cloud of ash coming across from Iceland. ](/news/2010/04/16/eruption-of-eyjafjallajapkull-volcano-ptravel-chaos-spreads-across-europe-as-planes-are-grounded-in-the-united-kingdom-norway-sweden-finl.md) _Context: Finland, United Kingdom_
3. [ Spain, Portugal, Finland and Greece join the United Kingdom, Republic of Ireland and Sweden in allowing workers from the ten countries which joined the European Union two years ago free access to their labour markets. ](/news/2006/05/1/spain-portugal-finland-and-greece-join-the-united-kingdom-republic-of-ireland-and-sweden-in-allowing-workers-from-the-ten-countries-whic.md) _Context: Finland, United Kingdom_
4. [The United Kingdom announces it is withdrawing from the 1964 London Fisheries Convention, which allows several European countries to fish within 6 to 12 nautical miles of each other's coastlines. ](/news/2017/07/2/the-united-kingdom-announces-it-is-withdrawing-from-the-1964-london-fisheries-convention-which-allows-several-european-countries-to-fish-wi.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
5. [The United Kingdom and Bill & Melinda Gates' foundation sponsor a summit that plans on raising funds for family planning in developing countries. ](/news/2017/07/11/the-united-kingdom-and-bill-melinda-gates-foundation-sponsor-a-summit-that-plans-on-raising-funds-for-family-planning-in-developing-count.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
6. [The Trump Administration announces this year's Presidential state visit to the U.K. is delayed until  at least 2018. Both the White House and 10 Downing Street state the two countries had been unable to agree on a 2017 date. This planned visit has drawn protests in the United Kingdom since February, and more than 1.8 million signatures on a petition to Parliament to cancel the meeting.  ](/news/2017/07/11/the-trump-administration-announces-this-year-s-presidential-state-visit-to-the-u-k-is-delayed-until-at-least-2018-both-the-white-house-an.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
7. [Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-conservatives-battling-in-a-tight-race.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
8. [Protests mark the 20th anniversary of the transfer of sovereignty over Hong Kong to China from the United Kingdom alongside the arrival of Chinese President Xi Jinping. ](/news/2017/06/29/protests-mark-the-20th-anniversary-of-the-transfer-of-sovereignty-over-hong-kong-to-china-from-the-united-kingdom-alongside-the-arrival-of-c.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
9. [UK Prime Minister Theresa May announces that citizens of the European Union living in the United Kingdom will be able to acquire a "UK settled status" after the UK leaves the EU. ](/news/2017/06/22/uk-prime-minister-theresa-may-announces-that-citizens-of-the-european-union-living-in-the-united-kingdom-will-be-able-to-acquire-a-uk-settl.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
10. [Right-wing media personality Katie Hopkins is to leave LBC with "immediate effect" after Hopkins posted on Twitter calling for a so-called "final solution" to the United Kingdom's Islamic terrorism problem following the Manchester Arena bombing which left 22 people dead. ](/news/2017/05/26/right-wing-media-personality-katie-hopkins-is-to-leave-lbc-with-immediate-effect-after-hopkins-posted-on-twitter-calling-for-a-so-called.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
