### [2016-10-10](/news/2016/10/10/index.md)

# War in Afghanistan (2015-present). A suicide bombing kills at least 14 people, mostly police officers, in Lashkargah, Helmand Province, as Taliban insurgents advance upon the Afghan city. 

A suspected car bomb on Monday killed at least 10 police amid increased Taliban attacks on the besieged capital of the southwestern Afghan province of Helmand, with the toll expected to rise, a security official said.


### Source:

1. [Reuters via ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2016-10-12/gunman-kills-14-at-shrine-in-afghan-capital/7924388)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-afghanistan-blast-idUSKCN12A158)
3. [The Voice of America](http://www.voanews.com/a/afghanistan-suicide-car-bombing/3543921.html)

### Related:

1. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). Taliban insurgents seize control of the strategic town of Sangin in the southern Helmand Province after a year-long battle with Afghan security forces. ](/news/2017/03/23/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-taliban-insurgents-seize-control-of-the-strategic-town-of-sangin-in-the-southern-helmand-province-after.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Helmand Province, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
2. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). Taliban militants attack government offices in the southern Helmand Province of Afghanistan, with at least 10 killed, including seven of the attackers. ](/news/2016/03/9/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-taliban-militants-attack-government-offices-in-the-southern-helmand-province-of-afghanistan-with-at-le.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Helmand Province, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
3. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). The United States sends more troops to Afghanistan's southern Helmand province to shore up security forces who are facing sustained attacks from the Taliban. ](/news/2016/02/9/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-the-united-states-sends-more-troops-to-afghanistan-s-southern-helmand-province-to-shore-up-security-for.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Helmand Province, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
4. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). At least ten Afghan police officers are killed in a Taliban attack on checkpoints in Helmand Province. ](/news/2015/05/24/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-at-least-ten-afghan-police-officers-are-killed-in-a-taliban-attack-on-checkpoints-in-helmand-province.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Helmand Province, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
5. [War in Afghanistan. 2017 Lashkargah bombing. A car bomb outside a New Kabul Bank branch in Lashkargah, Helmand Province, kills at least 20 people. The Taliban claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/06/22/war-in-afghanistan-2017-lashkargah-bombing-a-car-bomb-outside-a-new-kabul-bank-branch-in-lashkargah-helmand-province-kills-at-least-20-p.md) _Context: Helmand Province, Lashkargah, Taliban_
6. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). An Afghan soldier kills 3 U.S. troops and injures 1 other in Achin, Nangarhar Province. The Taliban claims responsibility, saying the Afghan soldier was one of several Taliban infiltrators in the Afghan Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/06/10/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-an-afghan-soldier-kills-3-u-s-troops-and-injures-1-other-in-achin-nangarhar-province-the-taliban-cla.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
7. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). A Taliban raid kills at least 20 Afghan police officers in southern Afghanistan. ](/news/2017/05/21/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-taliban-raid-kills-at-least-20-afghan-police-officers-in-southern-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
8. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). Russian Special Envoy to Afghanistan Zamir Kabulov denies allegations by NATO Commander Gen. Curtis Scaparrotti that Russia was "perhaps" supplying the Taliban. ](/news/2017/03/24/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-russian-special-envoy-to-afghanistan-zamir-kabulov-denies-allegations-by-nato-commander-gen-curtis-sca.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
9. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). Twelve Afghan National Police officers are killed in a Taliban "infiltration attack" in the southern Helmand Province. ](/news/2017/02/28/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-twelve-afghan-national-police-officers-are-killed-in-a-taliban-infiltration-attack-in-the-southern-he.md) _Context: Helmand Province, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
10. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). Five people are killed in a Taliban attack on Afghan Member of Parliament Mir Wali's home in Helmand Province. At least three security guards and two civilians were killed in the assault; Wali and others were injured. The gunmen are holding a number of occupants hostage. ](/news/2016/12/21/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-five-people-are-killed-in-a-taliban-attack-on-afghan-member-of-parliament-mir-wali-s-home-in-helmand-pr.md) _Context: Helmand Province, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
