### [2010-12-6](/news/2010/12/6/index.md)

# "The Washington Post" reports that an FBI informant so frightened Muslim worshippers by referring to violent jihad while spying on an Islamic community centre in Irvine, California, that they reported him to the authorities. The FBI spy, a convicted fraudster, sues the FBI. 




### Source:

1. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2010/12/04/AR2010120403710.html)

### Related:

1. [ 2008-2009 Israel-Gaza conflict:. In an audio message, Osama bin Laden urges Muslims to launch a holy war on Israel. (](/news/2009/01/14/2008-2009-israel-gaza-conflict-in-an-audio-message-osama-bin-laden-urges-muslims-to-launch-a-holy-war-on-israel.md) _Context: Muslim, jihad_
2. [ Abu Hamza al-Muhajir, the new leader of al-Qaida in Iraq, urges Muslims to make the month of Ramadan a "month of holy war" in an audiotape posted on an Islamic web site. ](/news/2006/09/28/abu-hamza-al-muhajir-the-new-leader-of-al-qaida-in-iraq-urges-muslims-to-make-the-month-of-ramadan-a-month-of-holy-war-in-an-audiotape.md) _Context: Muslim, jihad_
3. [Crime in Minnesota. An improvised explosive device goes off at a mosque in Bloomington, Minnesota. No injuries were reported, and the FBI is investigating the case. ](/news/2017/08/5/crime-in-minnesota-an-improvised-explosive-device-goes-off-at-a-mosque-in-bloomington-minnesota-no-injuries-were-reported-and-the-fbi-is.md) _Context: FBI_
4. [Russia-United States relations. Russian Ambassador to the United States Sergey Kislyak, who was cited in "Washington Post" reports yesterday that American intelligence overheard him telling Moscow about his election-related discussions with a Trump campaign official, ends his nine-year assignment and leaves the United States. In May 2017, Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Anatoly Antonov was approved as the next ambassador. ](/news/2017/07/22/russia-united-states-relations-russian-ambassador-to-the-united-states-sergey-kislyak-who-was-cited-in-washington-post-reports-yesterd.md) _Context: Washington Post_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. 2017 Temple Mount crisis. Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.. Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey. Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.. 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.. United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.. Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-. ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Muslim_
6. [CNN denies authenticity of footage documenting its employees manufacturing a protest using unrepresentative Muslim actors. [http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/jun/5/brian-stelter-cnn-deny-network-staged-london-anti-/ (Washington Times) ]](/news/2017/06/3/cnn-denies-authenticity-of-footage-documenting-its-employees-manufacturing-a-protest-using-unrepresentative-muslim-actors-http-www-washi.md) _Context: Muslim_
7. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: Muslim_
8. [Australia-United States relations. Citing unnamed U.S. officials, "The Washington Post" reports that U.S. President Donald Trump berated Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull. Trump claimed it was "the worst call by far" and criticized a refugee settlement deal organised between the Turnbull Government and the Obama administration in late 2016. ](/news/2017/02/2/australia-united-states-relations-citing-unnamed-u-s-officials-the-washington-post-reports-that-u-s-president-donald-trump-berated-a.md) _Context: Washington Post_
9. [Rohingya protests. Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak leads a protest rally against the persecution of Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority in the predominately Buddhist country, and calls on Myanmar State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi and the United Nations to address the Rohingya's plight and end the violence. Myanmar's president's office said the rally is timed for Malaysian political purposes, and that Malaysia should respect the Association of Southeast Asian Nations's principle on sovereignty. ](/news/2016/12/4/rohingya-protests-malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-leads-a-protest-rally-against-the-persecution-of-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority.md) _Context: Muslim_
10. [Rohingya insurgency in Western Myanmar. The Government of Malaysia claims that violence against Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority is "ethnic cleansing" ahead of a march in Kuala Lumpur led by Prime Minister Najib Razak. ](/news/2016/12/3/rohingya-insurgency-in-western-myanmar-the-government-of-malaysia-claims-that-violence-against-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority-is-ethni.md) _Context: Muslim_
