### [2010-12-6](/news/2010/12/6/index.md)

# United States diplomatic cables leak:Newly released cables from the United States indicate former Prime Minister of Australia Kevin Rudd suggested the use of force against China if it could not be "successfully integrated" into the international community. The Australian government refuses to respond to the release. 

Saudi Arabia is the single biggest contributor to the funding of Islamic extremism and is unwilling to cut off the money supply, according to a leaked note from Hillary Clinton.


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://www.abc.net.au/rn/breakfast/stories/2010/3085200.htm)
2. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2010/12/2010125231346145291.html)
3. [Indian Express](http://www.indianexpress.com/news/-Aggressive--China--leaves-India--others-worried/720864)
4. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/saudi-arabia-is-biggest-funder-of-terrorists-2152327.html)
5. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/politics/us-believes-al-jazeera-is-propaganda-tool-of-qatar-2152329.html)

### Related:

1. [United States diplomatic cables leak:Newly released cables reveal Australia and the United States formed an alliance in February 2008 to share secret intelligence from spy satellite. ](/news/2011/02/7/united-states-diplomatic-cables-leak-pnewly-released-cables-reveal-australia-and-the-united-states-formed-an-alliance-in-february-2008-to-sh.md) _Context: 250,000 documents, Australia, U.S._
2. [Chinese Vice-President Xi Jinping meets with Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd on an official trip to Canberra. The two countries sign agreements valued at over A$10 billion. ](/news/2010/06/21/chinese-vice-president-xi-jinping-meets-with-australian-prime-minister-kevin-rudd-on-an-official-trip-to-canberra-the-two-countries-sign-ag.md) _Context: Australia, Kevin Rudd, Prime Minister of Australia_
3. [Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd appoints the country's first population minister, Tony Burke, as part of a strategy for managing population growth. ](/news/2010/04/3/australian-prime-minister-kevin-rudd-appoints-the-country-s-first-population-minister-tony-burke-as-part-of-a-strategy-for-managing-popula.md) _Context: Australia, Kevin Rudd, Prime Minister of Australia_
4. [ Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd promises to create 50,000 green jobs and apprenticeships to combat climate change and unemployment simultaneously. ](/news/2009/07/30/australian-prime-minister-kevin-rudd-promises-to-create-50-000-green-jobs-and-apprenticeships-to-combat-climate-change-and-unemployment-sim.md) _Context: Australia, Kevin Rudd, Prime Minister of Australia_
5. [ The Prime Minister of Australia Kevin Rudd announces that the Government of Australia will guarantee all deposits in all Australian banks for three years as a result of the subprime mortgage crisis. ](/news/2008/10/12/the-prime-minister-of-australia-kevin-rudd-announces-that-the-government-of-australia-will-guarantee-all-deposits-in-all-australian-banks-f.md) _Context: Australia, Kevin Rudd, Prime Minister of Australia_
6. [ The Prime Minister of Australia Kevin Rudd announces that current Governor of Queensland Quentin Bryce will become Australia's next Governor-General. Ms Bryce will be the first woman appointed to the role. ](/news/2008/04/13/the-prime-minister-of-australia-kevin-rudd-announces-that-current-governor-of-queensland-quentin-bryce-will-become-australia-s-next-governo.md) _Context: Australia, Kevin Rudd, Prime Minister of Australia_
7. [ Kevin Rudd is sworn in as the 26th Prime Minister of Australia by Governor-General Maj. Gen. Michael Jeffery. ](/news/2007/12/3/kevin-rudd-is-sworn-in-as-the-26th-prime-minister-of-australia-by-governor-general-maj-gen-michael-jeffery.md) _Context: Australia, Kevin Rudd, Prime Minister of Australia_
8. [ Australian federal election, 2007: The national election in Australia results in a change of government, with the Australian Labor Party securing an electoral swing of more than 5%.  Kevin Rudd will take office as 26th Prime Minister of Australia and the outgoing Prime Minister John Howard is also likely to lose his seat in parliament.  [http://www.theaustralian.news.com.au/story/0,25197,22814923-601,00.html (The Australian)] John Howard calls the leader of the Australian Labor Party, Kevin Rudd, on the phone and concedes defeat. ](/news/2007/11/24/australian-federal-election-2007-p-the-national-election-in-australia-results-in-a-change-of-government-with-the-australian-labor-party-s.md) _Context: Australia, Kevin Rudd, Prime Minister of Australia_
9. [  The Prime Minister of Australia John Howard and the President of the United States George W. Bush agree to discuss upgrading the defense relationship with Australia to enjoy the same access to US military technology as the United Kingdom. ](/news/2007/09/5/the-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-and-the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-agree-to-discuss-upgrading-the-defense-r.md) _Context: Australia, Prime Minister of Australia, U.S._
10. [ Australian Prime Minister John Howard criticizes U.S. Senator Barack Obama (D-IL) for his stance on Iraq, saying that al-Qaeda in Iraq should be praying for Obama to win the election. The opposition Australian Labor Party says that Howard's statement imperiled the relationship Australia might have with the United States under a Democratic administration. ](/news/2007/02/12/australian-prime-minister-john-howard-criticizes-u-s-senator-barack-obama-d-il-for-his-stance-on-iraq-saying-that-al-qaeda-in-iraq-shou.md) _Context: Australia, Prime Minister of Australia, U.S._
