### [2005-04-9](/news/2005/04/9/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Islamic Jihad have announced that they are to "re-evaluate" their cease-fire after Israeli soldiers kill 3 Palestinians, all aged 14. Palestinian witnesses allege they were killed trying to retrieve a football in a no-go area near the Egypt border at the Rafah Refugee camp. According to Israel Radio, Palestinian security services notified Israel they had detained two boys who were not hit by IDF fire, and that the group of five youths were smugglers. At least 10 mortar shells are then fired at the Gush Katif settlements. A Hamas leader, Saeed Siyam, is quoted by the AP as saying the boys deaths would be "avenged". 




### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/84DEC331-B3BD-4A1C-B2F2-186AF5683714.htm)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4428351.stm)
3. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/562862.html)
4. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml;jsessionid=OS2G2G5XGBULGCRBAE0CFEY?type=worldNews&storyID=8132889)
5. [Scotsman](http://news.scotsman.com/latest.cfm?id=4375940)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli airstrikes on Palestinian areas continue. IDF planes and artillery strike Gaza knocking out power to parts of the city, destroy a bridge in Beit Hanoun, fire missiles at a Fatah Youth Centre, an office and a refugee camp in the central Gaza Strip. Israeli troops later raided offices of Hamas and Islamic Jihad in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/28/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-areas-continue-idf-planes-and-artillery-strike-gaza-knocking-out-power-to.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian Islamic Jihad, refugee_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli Airstrikes on Palestinian targets continue, with the Israel Defense Forces firing missiles in Gaza, knocking out the power supply to the East of the city, the Khan Yunis refugee camp and Rafah. Hamas had earlier declared an end to rocket attacks following pressure from the Palestinian National Authority and Egypt. ](/news/2005/09/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-targets-continue-with-the-israel-defense-forces-firing-missiles-in-gaza-k.md) _Context: Egypt, Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Rafah_
3. [ Israeli troops, who are still in the process of withdrawing from Gaza, shoot dead a Palestinian teenager as he and about 50 others breach a fence around the evacuated Israeli settlement of Gush Katif and climbed atop of IDF tanks. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220914.stm (BBC)] [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/621804.html (Haaretz)] The Israeli Minister for Education, Limor Livnat, has called on her government to expand Israeli settlements in the West Bank as "dividend" of the pullout of the Gaza Strip. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220300.stm (BBC)], [http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13718&Itemid=1 (IMEMC)] The Israeli Housing Minister, Isaac Herzog, told Israel Radio that Israel does not intend to construct in E1 the area between the Maale Adumim Israeli settlement and Jerusalem in the coming years, adding that Israeli government statements to the contrary were part of the "internal conflict" at the Likud party. ([http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13724&Itemid=1 IMEMC])](/news/2005/09/6/israeli-troops-who-are-still-in-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-gaza-shoot-dead-a-palestinian-teenager-as-he-and-about-50-others-breach-a.md) _Context: Gush Katif, Israel, Israel Defense Forces, Israel Radio, Israeli settlement_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israel has postponed security talks with Palestinians following a mortar attack by Hamas on the Gush Katif Jewish settlements in the Gaza Strip. Hamas claim the attack was in retaliation for an attack by Jewish settlers which left one man dead. Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas responds by firing the top security commanders in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2005/02/10/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-has-postponed-security-talks-with-palestinians-following-a-mortar-attack-by-hamas-on-the-gush-katif-je.md) _Context: Gush Katif, Hamas, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Mortar, Palestinians_
5. [Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence. ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapsed-a-nearby-house-killing-a-30-y.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces, Palestinians_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israel bans Palestinians from East Jerusalem from voting in the next Palestinian legislative election throwing the entire election in doubt. Israel claims that it made the ban out of fears that Hamas would do well. ](/news/2005/12/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-bans-palestinians-from-east-jerusalem-from-voting-in-the-next-palestinian-legislative-election-throwin.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli troops kill one Palestinian militant as three to four Hamas, Popular Resistance Committees, and Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigade militants fire mortar shells and anti-tank missiles on Israelis living in the Kfar Darom settlement in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2005/05/20/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-troops-kill-one-palestinian-militant-as-three-to-four-hamas-popular-resistance-committees-and-al-aq.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Mortar_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A truce is declared between Israel and the Palestinian Authority. Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian Authority, and Ariel Sharon, the Prime Minister of Israel, shook hands at a four-way summit at Sharm el-Sheikh that was also attended by Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and Jordan's King Abdullah. Palestinian organization Hamas says it is not bound by the ceasefire. ](/news/2005/02/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-truce-is-declared-between-israel-and-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palesti.md) _Context: Egypt, Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Palestinian militants and the Israeli Government vow to continue attacks on each other after the terrorist attacks and bloodshed. Hamas and Islamic Jihad release an official joint statement on their participation ending in the peace plan. They urge militant cells in Palestine to strike. Israeli security officials state this is ""only the beginning"" of responses to Palestinian attacks.](/news/2003/08/22/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-militants-and-the-israeli-government-vow-to-continue-attacks-on-each-other-after-the-terrorist-at.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian Islamic Jihad_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Two Israelis killed and about a dozen wounded in two separate suicide bombings by Palestinian terrorists in the towns of Rosh-Ha'ayin and Ariel. Hamas and the Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades claimed responsibility for the attacks. The IDF retaliated on Wednesday by demolishing the house in Nablus where the bomber in the Rosh Ha-Ayin attack lived with his family.](/news/2003/08/12/israeli-palestinian-conflict-two-israelis-killed-and-about-a-dozen-wounded-in-two-separate-suicide-bombings-by-palestinian-terrorists-in-t.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
