### [2005-04-9](/news/2005/04/9/index.md)

#  The South African New National Party, successor to the National Party which governed in the apartheid era, votes to dissolve itself following poor results in last year's elections. Its elected representatives are expected to join the governing African National Congress. 




### Source:

1. [Daily News, South Africa](http://www.dailynews.co.za/index.php?fSectionId=502&fArticleId=2475143)

### Related:

1. [South African municipal elections, 2016: With more than half the vote counted, the ruling African National Congress (ANC) is ahead on 53.2 percent of the vote which, if this trend continues, will be the first election since the end of apartheid in 1994 that the ANC receives less than 60 percent. The opposition Democratic Alliance, with about 28 percent of the vote nationally, has gained the lead in three major cities: Pretoria, Johannesburg, and Port Elizabeth. Final results are expected Friday. ](/news/2016/08/4/south-african-municipal-elections-2016-with-more-than-half-the-vote-counted-the-ruling-african-national-congress-anc-is-ahead-on-53-2-p.md) _Context: African National Congress, apartheid_
2. [The South African Parliament debates a minority motion to impeach President Jacob Zuma following last week's Constitutional Court judgment that Zuma had violated the constitution in a spending scandal involving the president's private home. The African National Congress has a 249 - 151 majority, making this motion's chance of gaining a two-thirds majority unlikely. ](/news/2016/04/5/the-south-african-parliament-debates-a-minority-motion-to-impeach-president-jacob-zuma-following-last-week-s-constitutional-court-judgment-t.md) _Context: African National Congress, South Africa_
3. [The Parliament of South Africa announces it will debate a motion to impeach President Jacob Zuma this coming Tuesday. This comes after Zuma is facing mounting pressure when the Constitutional Court ruled that Zuma violated the constitution by using state funds to renovate his mansion. Yesterday, anti-apartheid veteran Ahmed Kathrada joined opposition leaders in calling for Zuma's resignation. ](/news/2016/04/3/the-parliament-of-south-africa-announces-it-will-debate-a-motion-to-impeach-president-jacob-zuma-this-coming-tuesday-this-comes-after-zuma.md) _Context: South Africa, apartheid_
4. [Justice Minister Michael Masutha paroles South African apartheid-era death squad commander Eugene de Kock, nicknamed "Prime Evil", after having served 20 years for killing activists. ](/news/2015/01/30/justice-minister-michael-masutha-paroles-south-african-apartheid-era-death-squad-commander-eugene-de-kock-nicknamed-prime-evil-after-hav.md) _Context: South Africa, apartheid_
5. [South Africa's governing party, the African National Congress, starts a 5-day conference where President Jacob Zuma faces a challenge from Deputy President Kgalema Motlanthe. ](/news/2012/12/16/south-africa-s-governing-party-the-african-national-congress-starts-a-5-day-conference-where-president-jacob-zuma-faces-a-challenge-from-d.md) _Context: African National Congress, South Africa_
6. [The South African gallery which exhibited Brett Murray's controversial painting "The Spear" reaches a deal with the ruling African National Congress (ANC), which opposes its display. ](/news/2012/05/30/the-south-african-gallery-which-exhibited-brett-murray-s-controversial-painting-the-spear-reaches-a-deal-with-the-ruling-african-national.md) _Context: African National Congress, South Africa_
7. [Julius Malema, formerly of the African National Congress Youth League, loses an appeal against a decision by South Africa's ruling African National Congress party to suspend him. ](/news/2012/02/4/julius-malema-formerly-of-the-african-national-congress-youth-league-loses-an-appeal-against-a-decision-by-south-africa-s-ruling-african-n.md) _Context: African National Congress, South Africa_
8. [The Independent Democrats and Democratic Alliance opposition parties in South Africa agree to merge against the ruling African National Congress. ](/news/2010/08/15/the-independent-democrats-and-democratic-alliance-opposition-parties-in-south-africa-agree-to-merge-against-the-ruling-african-national-cong.md) _Context: African National Congress, South Africa_
9. [New Zealand and South Africa's rugby unions make "landmark apologies" for excluding Maori and black players from their teams during the apartheid era. ](/news/2010/05/14/new-zealand-and-south-africa-s-rugby-unions-make-landmark-apologies-for-excluding-maori-and-black-players-from-their-teams-during-the-apar.md) _Context: South Africa, apartheid_
10. [South African President Jacob Zuma urges party unity and warns economic recovery will be slow at a gathering celebrating the 98th anniversary of the African National Congress. ](/news/2010/01/9/south-african-president-jacob-zuma-urges-party-unity-and-warns-economic-recovery-will-be-slow-at-a-gathering-celebrating-the-98th-anniversar.md) _Context: African National Congress, South Africa_
