### [2002-10-13](/news/2002/10/13/index.md)

#  2002 Bali bombings: U.S. President George W. Bush amongst many others has condemned the perpetrators of the Bali car bombing of October 11. The death toll has now risen to at least 187.




### Related:

1. [ 2002 Bali bombings: Indonesia's defense minister blamed al-Qaida and its extremist allies for the massive bomb attack that killed more than 180 people at a nightclub on the resort island of Bali.](/news/2002/10/14/2002-bali-bombings-indonesia-s-defense-minister-blamed-al-qaida-and-its-extremist-allies-for-the-massive-bomb-attack-that-killed-more-than.md) _Context: Bali car bombing, October 2002 Bali bombings_
2. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump 	President-elect Donald Trump names Tom Price as United States Secretary of Health and Human Services; former President George W. Bush Administration official and wife of Mitch McConnell Elaine Chao as United States Secretary of Transportation;  ](/news/2016/11/29/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-ppresident-elect-donald-trump-names-tom-price-as-united-states-secretary-of-health-and-human-servic.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
3. [A Gulfstream IV aircraft carrying former President George W. Bush from Philadelphia International Airport to Dallas Love Field is diverted safely to Louisville International Airport when the pilot smells smoke; Bush arrived safely in Dallas early Sunday. ](/news/2013/06/15/a-gulfstream-iv-aircraft-carrying-former-president-george-w-bush-from-philadelphia-international-airport-to-dallas-love-field-is-diverted-s.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
4. [The George W. Bush Presidential Center in Dallas, Texas, is dedicated in the presence of President of the United States Barack Obama, former president George W. Bush and all living former presidents. The complex will be opened to the public on May 1. ](/news/2013/04/25/the-george-w-bush-presidential-center-in-dallas-texas-is-dedicated-in-the-presence-of-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-former.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
5. [U.S. news magazine ''Time'' selects U.S. President Barack Obama as its 2012 Person of the Year, following on from his 2008 award, and those of his predecessors George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004, Bill Clinton in 1992 and 1998, George H. W. Bush in 1990, Ronald Reagan in 1980 and 1983, Jimmy Carter in 1976, Richard Nixon in 1971 and 1972 and Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 and 1967. ](/news/2012/12/19/u-s-news-magazine-time-selects-u-s-president-barack-obama-as-its-2012-person-of-the-year-following-on-from-his-2008-award-and-those.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
6. [A court in Jakarta sentences Umar Patek to 20 years' imprisonment for Patek's involvement in the October 2002 Bali bombings that killed 202 people. ](/news/2012/06/21/a-court-in-jakarta-sentences-umar-patek-to-20-years-imprisonment-for-patek-s-involvement-in-the-october-2002-bali-bombings-that-killed-202.md) _Context: October 2002 Bali bombings_
7. [HBO issues a public apology for any offence suffered after the use of a severed head in ''Game of Thrones''; the head on a spike is said to resemble that of former U.S. president George W. Bush. ](/news/2012/06/14/hbo-issues-a-public-apology-for-any-offence-suffered-after-the-use-of-a-severed-head-in-game-of-thrones-the-head-on-a-spike-is-said-to.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
8. [Umar Patek, a key suspect in the 2002 Bali bombings, faces trial on terrorism charges in Jakarta after being extradicted from Pakistan to Indonesia. ](/news/2011/08/11/umar-patek-a-key-suspect-in-the-2002-bali-bombings-faces-trial-on-terrorism-charges-in-jakarta-after-being-extradicted-from-pakistan-to-in.md) _Context: October 2002 Bali bombings_
9. [A man suspected of being Umar Patek wanted for his alleged role in the 2002 Bali bombings is arrested in Pakistan. ](/news/2011/03/30/a-man-suspected-of-being-umar-patek-wanted-for-his-alleged-role-in-the-2002-bali-bombings-is-arrested-in-pakistan.md) _Context: October 2002 Bali bombings_
10. [Former President of the United States George W. Bush cancels a planned appearance in Switzerland; Human Rights Watch link the cancellation to growing pressure for Bush to be arrested over his approval of waterboarding torture, saying Bush is "avoiding handcuffs". ](/news/2011/02/5/former-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-cancels-a-planned-appearance-in-switzerland-human-rights-watch-link-the-cancellation-t.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
