### [2013-07-30](/news/2013/07/30/index.md)

# In "United States v. Bradley Manning", Bradley Manning is acquitted of aiding the enemy for giving classified United States Army information to WikiLeaks. Manning is found guilty of five espionage charges and five theft charges. 

Manning convicted of five violations of Espionage Act and numerous other charges, with maximum sentence of 130 years


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2013/07/30/justice/manning-court-martial/index.html?eref=edition)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/jul/30/bradley-manning-wikileaks-judge-verdict)
2. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/static/sys-images/Guardian/Pix/audio/video/2013/7/30/1375211790871/Bradley-Manning-leaves-co-011.jpg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxNi8wNS8yNS9vdmVybGF5LWxvZ28tMTIwMC05MF9vcHQucG5n&amp;s=2f36488ba3a76ccaeebc4b32e82e2d32)

### Related:

1. [The trial of United States Army private Bradley Manning for leaking classified material to WikiLeaks begins in Fort Meade, Maryland. ](/news/2013/06/3/the-trial-of-united-states-army-private-bradley-manning-for-leaking-classified-material-to-wikileaks-begins-in-fort-meade-maryland.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, U.S. soldiers, United States v Bradley Manning, WikiLeaks_
2. ["United States v Bradley Manning": United States Army private Chelsea Manning (legally Bradley Manning) is sentenced to 35 years in jail for providing classified material to WikiLeaks. ](/news/2013/08/21/united-states-v-bradley-manning-united-states-army-private-chelsea-manning-legally-bradley-manning-is-sentenced-to-35-years-in-jail-for.md) _Context: U.S. soldiers, United States v Bradley Manning, WikiLeaks_
3. [The trial of U.S. serviceman Bradley Manning for leaking classified material to WikiLeaks continues in Fort Meade, Maryland. Former computer hacker Adrian Lamo, who turned Manning in to his persecutors, gives evidence at the court martial. ](/news/2013/06/4/the-trial-of-u-s-serviceman-bradley-manning-for-leaking-classified-material-to-wikileaks-continues-in-fort-meade-maryland-former-computer.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, U.S. soldiers, WikiLeaks_
4. [Wikileaks suspect United States Army Private Bradley Manning is formally charged ahead of a court martial. ](/news/2012/02/23/wikileaks-suspect-united-states-army-private-bradley-manning-is-formally-charged-ahead-of-a-court-martial.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, U.S. soldiers, WikiLeaks_
5. [United Nations special rapporteur on torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment Juan E. Mendez suggests the United States is violating UN rules by refusing unmonitored access to imprisoned United States Army private Bradley Manning, the young serviceman the Obama administration accuses of passing classified information on secret U.S. activities to the WikiLeaks whistleblower website. ](/news/2011/07/12/united-nations-special-rapporteur-on-torture-and-other-cruel-inhuman-or-degrading-treatment-or-punishment-juan-e-ma-c-ndez-suggests-the-unit.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, U.S. soldiers, WikiLeaks_
6. [The United Nations office for torture issues in Geneva investigates an abuse complaint concerning United States Army private Bradley Manning, suspected by the United States government of passing classified documents to the WikiLeaks website. ](/news/2010/12/22/the-united-nations-office-for-torture-issues-in-geneva-investigates-an-abuse-complaint-concerning-united-states-army-private-bradley-manning.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, U.S. soldiers, WikiLeaks_
7. [The judge disallows discussion of Bradley Manning's motives for leaking classified material to WikiLeaks at this time. ](/news/2013/06/5/the-judge-disallows-discussion-of-bradley-manning-s-motives-for-leaking-classified-material-to-wikileaks-at-this-time.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, WikiLeaks_
8. ["United States v. Manning": Bradley Manning pleads guilty to 10 counts out of 22 against him for leaking classified material in the WikiLeaks case. ](/news/2013/02/28/united-states-v-manning-bradley-manning-pleads-guilty-to-10-counts-out-of-22-against-him-for-leaking-classified-material-in-the-wikileak.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, WikiLeaks_
9. [Major General Michael Linnington orders a court martial for US Private Bradley Manning responsible for leaking hundreds of thousands of documents to Wikileaks. ](/news/2012/02/3/major-general-michael-linnington-orders-a-court-martial-for-us-private-bradley-manning-responsible-for-leaking-hundreds-of-thousands-of-docu.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, WikiLeaks_
10. [It is revealed that the United States has subpoenaed Twitter for personal information regarding people connected to Wikileaks, including founder Julian Assange, suspected source of leaks Bradley Manning, and supporter Birgitta Jonsdottir, a member of Iceland's Althing. ](/news/2011/01/8/it-is-revealed-that-the-united-states-has-subpoenaed-twitter-for-personal-information-regarding-people-connected-to-wikileaks-including-fou.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, WikiLeaks_
