### [2013-07-30](/news/2013/07/30/index.md)

# The United States Department of the Treasury issues sanctions to three Mexican nationals linked to the Sinaloa Cartel for laundering money for the drug lords Ismael Zambada Garcia and Joaquin Guzman Loera. The Kingpin Act sanctions prohibit Americans to do any kind of business with them. 

The U.S. Treasury Department said Tuesday it placed Kingpin Act sanctions on three people and three businesses linked to a Sinaloa Cartel leader.


### Source:

1. [The Wall Street Journal](http://blogs.wsj.com/riskandcompliance/2013/07/30/treasury-slaps-sanctions-on-a-sinaloa-cartel-linked-notary/)

### Related:

1. [Mexican Drug War:Four suspected drug traffickers of the Sinaloa Cartel, including the cousin of Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman, Mexico's most-wanted drug lord, are captured in Spain. ](/news/2012/08/10/mexican-drug-war-pfour-suspected-drug-traffickers-of-the-sinaloa-cartel-including-the-cousin-of-joaquan-el-chapo-guzma-n-mexico-s-most.md) _Context: Joaquin Guzman Loera, Sinaloa Cartel_
2. [Mexican Drug War:15 mutilated bodies are found inside two abandoned SUVs in the state of Jalisco, a region that is under dispute between Los Zetas and the Sinaloa Cartel. The Mexican authorities believe the massacre is a response by Los Zetas for the 2012 Nuevo Laredo massacres reportedly carried out by Joaquin Guzman Loera (a.k.a. ''El Chapo''), Mexico's most-wanted drug lord. ](/news/2012/05/9/mexican-drug-war-p15-mutilated-bodies-are-found-inside-two-abandoned-suvs-in-the-state-of-jalisco-a-region-that-is-under-dispute-between-lo.md) _Context: Joaquin Guzman Loera, Sinaloa Cartel_
3. [The United States Department of the Treasury announces new sanctions against Iran in response to the latter's recent ballistic missile test. Thirteen people and twelve entities with ties to Iran have been affected. ](/news/2017/02/3/the-united-states-department-of-the-treasury-announces-new-sanctions-against-iran-in-response-to-the-latter-s-recent-ballistic-missile-test.md) _Context: United States Department of the Treasury_
4. [The United States Department of the Treasury eases some sanctions on the Federal Security Service (FSB), allowing for limited transactions with the intelligence agency. The sanctions were put in place last year by Barack Obama over alleged Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election. ](/news/2017/02/2/the-united-states-department-of-the-treasury-eases-some-sanctions-on-the-federal-security-service-fsb-allowing-for-limited-transactions-w.md) _Context: United States Department of the Treasury_
5. [Mexican drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman is extradited to the United States, where he will face charges for his role as leader of the Sinaloa Cartel. ](/news/2017/01/19/mexican-drug-lord-joaquan-el-chapo-guzma-n-is-extradited-to-the-united-states-where-he-will-face-charges-for-his-role-as-leader-of-the-s.md) _Context: Sinaloa Cartel_
6. [The Obama administration's Treasury Department, in a move against corporate tax inversions, enacts regulations to combat a key tax-reduction technique known as earnings stripping. ](/news/2016/10/13/the-obama-administration-s-treasury-department-in-a-move-against-corporate-tax-inversions-enacts-regulations-to-combat-a-key-tax-reduction.md) _Context: United States Department of the Treasury_
7. [Rodrigo Duterte says that the Sinaloa cartel and the Chinese triad are active in the Philippine narcotic trade. ](/news/2016/08/4/rodrigo-duterte-says-that-the-sinaloa-cartel-and-the-chinese-triad-are-active-in-the-philippine-narcotic-trade.md) _Context: Sinaloa Cartel_
8. [The legal team of Joaquin Guzman (''El Chapo''), the leader of the Sinaloa Cartel, has challenged the foreign ministry of Mexico's decision to extradite him to the United States. ](/news/2016/05/27/the-legal-team-of-joaquan-guzma-n-el-chapo-the-leader-of-the-sinaloa-cartel-has-challenged-the-foreign-ministry-of-mexico-s-decisio.md) _Context: Sinaloa Cartel_
9. [The U.S. Treasury Department announces new regulations to curb tax-avoiding corporate inversions, i.e., where U.S. companies slash their tax bills by claiming a new tax home overseas, though their core operations and management remain in the United States. The pending $160 billion merger of Pfizer Inc. and Allergan, Plc could be cancelled because of these new rules. ](/news/2016/04/4/the-u-s-treasury-department-announces-new-regulations-to-curb-tax-avoiding-corporate-inversions-i-e-where-u-s-companies-slash-their-tax.md) _Context: United States Department of the Treasury_
10. [A United States Treasury official says ISIL has made over $500 million selling oil to Syrian President Bashar Assad's government, and has also sold oil to Turkey. ](/news/2015/12/10/a-united-states-treasury-official-says-isil-has-made-over-500-million-selling-oil-to-syrian-president-bashar-assadas-government-and-has.md) _Context: United States Department of the Treasury_
