### [2008-10-3](/news/2008/10/3/index.md)

#  2008 Russian financial crisis:. Both of Russia's main stock exchanges, the MICEX and RTS, suspend trading of stocks "for technical reasons" as the markets rally after a 1-1/2 day trading halt that ended earlier in the morning. 




### Source:

1. [Financial Times](http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/505ab76a-8f51-11dd-946c-0000779fd18c.html)
2. [MarketWatch](http://www.marketwatch.com/news/story/russian-equities-tumble-forcing-trading/story.aspx?guid=%7BC6102320-F9C3-4490-9460-D6C4DF4FD22D%7D&dist=msr_1)

### Related:

1. [ 2008 Russian financial crisis:. Trading is suspended for the third day in succession on Russia's two main stock exchanges, the MICEX and the dollar-denominated RTS, amidst fear of financial collapse. News agencies are quoting Russia's Finance Minister, Alexei Kudrin, as saying trading on Russian exchanges won't resume until September 19. ](/news/2008/09/18/2008-russian-financial-crisis-trading-is-suspended-for-the-third-day-in-succession-on-russia-s-two-main-stock-exchanges-the-micex-and-th.md) _Context: 2008 Russian financial crisis, MICEX, RTS, Russia_
2. [ 2008 Russian financial crisis:. Trading is suspended for the second day in succession on Russia's two main stock exchanges (the MICEX and the dollar-denominated RTS) after shares fall dramatically, forcing the central bank in Moscow to intervene. ](/news/2008/09/17/2008-russian-financial-crisis-trading-is-suspended-for-the-second-day-in-succession-on-russia-s-two-main-stock-exchanges-the-micex-and-t.md) _Context: 2008 Russian financial crisis, MICEX, RTS, Russia_
3. [ 2008 Russian financial crisis:. Russia's most liquid stock exchange MICEX and the dollar-denominated RTS suspend trade for one hour after the worst one-day fall in ten years as Finance Minister Alexei Kudrin reassured markets there was no "systemic" crisis. ](/news/2008/09/16/2008-russian-financial-crisis-russia-s-most-liquid-stock-exchange-micex-and-the-dollar-denominated-rts-suspend-trade-for-one-hour-after-t.md) _Context: 2008 Russian financial crisis, MICEX, RTS, Russia_
4. [ 2008 Russian financial crisis:. The RTS and MICEX stock exchanges halt trading until Friday after opening for just more than half an hour as prices plummeted in tune with the overall situation in the world's stock markets and falling oil prices. ](/news/2008/10/8/2008-russian-financial-crisis-the-rts-and-micex-stock-exchanges-halt-trading-until-friday-after-opening-for-just-more-than-half-an-hour-a.md) _Context: 2008 Russian financial crisis, MICEX, RTS_
5. [ 2008 Russian financial crisis:. Standard & Poor's becomes the first credit rating agency to downgrade Russia since 1999, while data showed that the Central Bank spent US$30 billion in currency market interventions in November 2008. ](/news/2008/12/8/2008-russian-financial-crisis-standard-poor-s-becomes-the-first-credit-rating-agency-to-downgrade-russia-since-1999-while-data-showed.md) _Context: 2008 Russian financial crisis, Russia_
6. [ 2008 Russian financial crisis: Russian Internal Troops quell a protest in Vladivostok over higher tariffs on imported used automobiles. ](/news/2008/12/21/2008-russian-financial-crisis-russian-internal-troops-quell-a-protest-in-vladivostok-over-higher-tariffs-on-imported-used-automobiles.md) _Context: 2008 Russian financial crisis, Russia_
7. [ 2008 Russian financial crisis: Russian Deputy Economics Minister Andrei Klepach claims that Russia may face at least two quarters of economic decline in the future. ](/news/2008/12/12/2008-russian-financial-crisis-russian-deputy-economics-minister-andrei-klepach-claims-that-russia-may-face-at-least-two-quarters-of-econom.md) _Context: 2008 Russian financial crisis, Russia_
8. [ Global and Russian financial crises:. Construction of several skyscraper buildings in Russia (Norman Foster's Russia Tower, Gazprom's Okhta Center) are canceled due to lack of credit available during the global financial crisis. ](/news/2008/11/21/global-and-russian-financial-crises-construction-of-several-skyscraper-buildings-in-russia-norman-foster-s-russia-tower-gazprom-s-okhta.md) _Context: 2008 Russian financial crisis, Russia_
9. [ 2008 Russian financial crisis:. Russia's two main stock exchanges are suspended for one hour after the market opened with a more than 10% decline in response to trends on global markets and falling oil prices. ](/news/2008/11/12/2008-russian-financial-crisis-russia-s-two-main-stock-exchanges-are-suspended-for-one-hour-after-the-market-opened-with-a-more-than-10-d.md) _Context: 2008 Russian financial crisis, Russia_
10. [ 2008 Russian financial crisis:. Russian regulators halt trading on one of the country's two main stock indexes, the MICEX, after it fell 6.5%, dragged down by commodity and banking shares. ](/news/2008/11/11/2008-russian-financial-crisis-russian-regulators-halt-trading-on-one-of-the-country-s-two-main-stock-indexes-the-micex-after-it-fell-6.md) _Context: 2008 Russian financial crisis, Russia_
