### [2008-10-3](/news/2008/10/3/index.md)

#  2008 South Ossetia war aftermath: An attempt of assassination of head of the Akhalgori Ossetian administration, Anatoli Margiev failed. He survived the explosion of a bomb planted on a road in Georgian village while driving to Tskhinvali, South Ossetia. 




### Source:

1. [Rustavi 2](http://rustavi2.com/news/news_text.php?id_news=28146&pg=1&im=main&ct=0&wth=)
2. [Rustavi 2](http://rustavi2.com/news/news_text.php?id_news=28148&pg=1&im=main&ct=0&wth=)
3. [Civil Georgia](http://www.civil.ge/eng/article.php?id=19662)
4. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2008/WORLD/europe/10/03/georgia.bombing.ap/index.html)
5. [Civil Georgia](http://www.civil.ge/eng/article.php?id=19668)
6. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601085&sid=a0dI7R_Mcfdk&refer=europe)

### Related:

1. [  Russian President Dmitry Medvedev ordered the Defense Ministry, law enforcement agencies and the Foreign Ministry to investigate a bombing in the South Ossetian capital, Tskhinvali, on 3 October, 2008. A car, carrying weapons, was detained by Russian peacekeepers in Georian village and transported to Tskhinvali, where it exploded. EU and Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development earlier condemned this 'act of terrorism'. Georgian authorities claimed 'Russian special services' 'were behind' the blast that left 7 servicemen of Russian peacekeeping forces dead. [http://rustavi2.com/news/news_text.php?id_news=28168&pg=1&im=main&ct=0&wth= (Rustavi 2)] [http://en.rian.ru/russia/20081004/117435265.html (RIAN)] [http://www.nytimes.com/2008/10/04/world/europe/04georgia.html?_r=1&oref=slogin (NY Times)] Earlier, on October 2, an attempt of assassination of head of the Akhalgori Ossetian administration, Anatoli Margiev failed. He survived the explosion of a bomb planted on a road in Georgian village while driving to Tskhinvali, South Ossetia. [http://rustavi2.com/news/news_text.php?id_news=28148&pg=1&im=main&ct=0&wth= (Rustavi 2)]  Russian troops are dismantling positions in security zones on the border of South Ossetia and Georgia created after the war, a Georgian Interior Ministry official said. [http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5itefRLYb9OvXIY84r-iHHUPY_6pQD93KCDR00 (AP via Google News)].](/news/2008/10/5/russian-president-dmitry-medvedev-ordered-the-defense-ministry-law-enforcement-agencies-and-the-foreign-ministry-to-investigate-a-bombing.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Akhalgori, Anatoli Margiev, Tskhinvali_
2. [ 2008 South Ossetia war: Colonel Ivan Petrik, chief of staff of the Russian ground force in South Ossetia, is confirmed dead from wounds he suffered in the Friday blast in Tskhinvali.](/news/2008/10/4/2008-south-ossetia-war-p-colonel-ivan-petrik-chief-of-staff-of-the-russian-ground-force-in-south-ossetia-is-confirmed-dead-from-wounds-he.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Tskhinvali_
3. [ 2008 South Ossetia War: Russia and Georgia continue to fight in South Ossetia and Georgia. The search for the dead and injured continues after at least 2,000 civilians were killed after two days Georgian offensive. Russia reported 12 peacekeepers killed and 30 wounded in the previous day during the Georgian tank and missile bombardment of Tskhinvali. ](/news/2008/08/9/2008-south-ossetia-war-p-russia-and-georgia-continue-to-fight-in-south-ossetia-and-georgia-the-search-for-the-dead-and-injured-continues-a.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Tskhinvali_
4. [ 2008 South Ossetia War: Around 0:30 AM (local time), Georgia begins a full-scale attack on the breakaway republic of South Ossetia, using tanks, military aircraft, artillery, and infantry. Major-General Marat Kulakhmetov, the commander of a small force of Russian peacekeepers under CIS mandate in Tskhinvali makes a statement that Georgian 'heavy artillery shelling conducted for several hours' and 'has practically demolished the town' ](/news/2008/08/8/2008-south-ossetia-war-p-around-0-30-am-local-time-georgia-begins-a-full-scale-attack-on-the-breakaway-republic-of-south-ossetia-using.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Tskhinvali_
5. [ 2008 South Ossetia war: Human Rights Watch claims both Georgia and Russia violated rights of the civilian population during the conflict. Georgian ground offensive in South Ossetia included shelling of Tskhinvali, capital of South Ossetia, with Grad rocket systems and 'indiscriminate' use of tanks in the city, which caused 'numerous' civilian casualties and 'extensive' destruction. HRW says 'a hospital, apartment buildings, houses, schools, kindergartens, shops, administrative buildings, and the university' in Tskhinvali were 'severely damaged' during Georgian night-long 'uninterrupted' shelling of South Ossetian capital on August 7-8. Russian airforce, HRW reports, carried out bombardments of the two buildings in Georgian village in South Ossetia, 'that could be housing the Georgian military', and attacked presumably civilian convoy of several dozen cars. HRW also confirmed the Russian military's use of cluster bombs in two towns in Georgia, killing at least 11 civilians. ](/news/2008/08/20/2008-south-ossetia-war-p-human-rights-watch-claims-both-georgia-and-russia-violated-rights-of-the-civilian-population-during-the-conflict.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Tskhinvali_
6. [Georgia welcomes the ICC's investigation into alleged war crimes committed during the 2008 South Ossetia war, which will be the first inquiry by the ICC into possible abuses by Moscow and/or Georgia. ](/news/2016/01/28/georgia-welcomes-the-icc-s-investigation-into-alleged-war-crimes-committed-during-the-2008-south-ossetia-war-which-will-be-the-first-inquir.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war_
7. [The President of Russia Dmitry Medvedev states that the decision to go to war with Georgia in 2008 prevented the eastward enlargement of NATO. ](/news/2011/11/21/the-president-of-russia-dmitry-medvedev-states-that-the-decision-to-go-to-war-with-georgia-in-2008-prevented-the-eastward-enlargement-of-nat.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war_
8. [Russian troops withdraw from the Georgian border town of Perevi and are replaced by a Georgian Army unit. Perevi is located just outside South Ossetia, and had been occupied since the 2008 war. ](/news/2010/10/19/russian-troops-withdraw-from-the-georgian-border-town-of-perevi-and-are-replaced-by-a-georgian-army-unit-perevi-is-located-just-outside-sou.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war_
9. [ The final report of an international fact-finding mission concludes that Georgia started the 2008 South Ossetia war. ](/news/2009/09/30/the-final-report-of-an-international-fact-finding-mission-concludes-that-georgia-started-the-2008-south-ossetia-war.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war_
10. [ Georgia accuses Russia of trying to seize more of its territory as the anniversary of the 2008 war between the two countries approaches. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/8181005.stm (BBC)].](/news/2009/08/3/georgia-accuses-russia-of-trying-to-seize-more-of-its-territory-as-the-anniversary-of-the-2008-war-between-the-two-countries-approaches-h.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war_
