### [2008-10-3](/news/2008/10/3/index.md)

#  Greece announces it will follow Ireland's lead and guarantee all bank deposits in the country. 

Officials in Athens have said Greece will follow the Irish lead in guaranteeing all bank deposits.


### Source:

1. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2008/1003/eueconomy.html)

### Related:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:Israel summons the ambassadors of Cyprus, Greece, Ireland, Sweden and Turkey to protest the expedition as an unnecessary provocation after eight ships, including four cargo vessels and a Turkish passenger ferry carrying 600 people, including a Nobel peace laureate and former U.S. congresswoman, set sail for Gaza with 10,000 tons of humanitarian aid to break a three-year Israeli blockade on the territory. ](/news/2010/05/27/israeliapalestinian-conflict-pisrael-summons-the-ambassadors-of-cyprus-greece-ireland-sweden-and-turkey-to-protest-the-expedition-as-an.md) _Context: Greek, Republic of Ireland_
2. [ Spain, Portugal, Finland and Greece join the United Kingdom, Republic of Ireland and Sweden in allowing workers from the ten countries which joined the European Union two years ago free access to their labour markets. ](/news/2006/05/1/spain-portugal-finland-and-greece-join-the-united-kingdom-republic-of-ireland-and-sweden-in-allowing-workers-from-the-ten-countries-whic.md) _Context: Greek, Republic of Ireland_
3. [A TrainOSE passenger train derails near the Greek village of Adendro, leaving at least four people dead and five seriously injured. ](/news/2017/05/13/a-trainose-passenger-train-derails-near-the-greek-village-of-adendro-leaving-at-least-four-people-dead-and-five-seriously-injured.md) _Context: Greek_
4. [European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expatriates.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland_
5. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: Greek_
6. [Four Hellenic Army officers are killed and one is injured when their Bell UH-1 Iroquois border patrol helicopter crashes near Elassona in northern Greece. ](/news/2017/04/19/four-hellenic-army-officers-are-killed-and-one-is-injured-when-their-bell-uh-1-iroquois-border-patrol-helicopter-crashes-near-elassona-in-no.md) _Context: Greek_
7. [A mass grave is discovered at a former Catholic orphanage in Tuam, Ireland, containing "significant quantities of human remains", all of them children. It is alleged over 800 children died at this orphanage and most were buried in the 1950s. ](/news/2017/03/3/a-mass-grave-is-discovered-at-a-former-catholic-orphanage-in-tuam-ireland-containing-asignificant-quantities-of-human-remainsa-all-of.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland_
8. [Georgia's visa-free regime, which allows travel to most member states of the European Union, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom, enters into force. ](/news/2017/03/28/georgia-s-visa-free-regime-which-allows-travel-to-most-member-states-of-the-european-union-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-ki.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland_
9. [The European Union formally grants Georgian citizens visa-free travel to its member states, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom. The signed documents will be published on March 8, and officially enter into force on March 28. ](/news/2017/03/1/the-european-union-formally-grants-georgian-citizens-visa-free-travel-to-its-member-states-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-kin.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland_
10. [Over 70,000 people are evacuated from Thessaloniki, Greece, as authorities attempt to defuse a World War II-era unexploded ordnance, which was discovered last week. ](/news/2017/02/11/over-70-000-people-are-evacuated-from-thessaloniki-greece-as-authorities-attempt-to-defuse-a-world-war-ii-era-unexploded-ordnance-which-w.md) _Context: Greek_
