### [2008-10-3](/news/2008/10/3/index.md)

#  Subprime mortgage crisis: U.S. President George W. Bush signs the US$ 700,000,000,000 bailout bill after it is passed by the House. 

President Bush signed a $700 billion financial bailout package Friday, shortly after the U.S. House passed the rescue measure. The action paved the way for the government to start buying up troubled assets from financial institutions caught on the wrong side of record home foreclosures.


### Source:

1. [NPR News](http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=95336601&ft=1&f=1003)

### Related:

1. [  President of the United States George W. Bush addresses the nation on prime time television to discuss the crisis and the Paulson plan. He warns that the United States faces a "long and painful recession" if the package is not passed. ](/news/2008/09/24/president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-addresses-the-nation-on-prime-time-television-to-discuss-the-crisis-and-the-paulson-plan-he.md) _Context: Emergency Economic Stabilization Act, George W. Bush, housing crisis_
2. [ Subprime mortgage crisis: U.S. Representative Carol Shea-Porter says that "more than 400 economists, including Nobel laureates, appealed to Congress to slow down and make sure [they] got [the bailout bill] right". ](/news/2008/10/1/subprime-mortgage-crisis-p-u-s-representative-carol-shea-porter-says-that-more-than-400-economists-including-nobel-laureates-appealed-t.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives, housing crisis_
3. [ Subprime mortgage crisis: US Congressional leaders and the George W. Bush administration reach an outline Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 of a bailout of financial institutions as a result of the subprime mortgage crisis. ](/news/2008/09/28/subprime-mortgage-crisis-p-us-congressional-leaders-and-the-george-w-bush-administration-reach-an-outline-emergency-economic-stabilization.md) _Context: Emergency Economic Stabilization Act, housing crisis_
4. [ Senior members of the United States Congress agree on a legislative deal to bail out the U.S. financial system from lingering effects of the subprime mortgage crisis. ](/news/2008/09/25/senior-members-of-the-united-states-congress-agree-on-a-legislative-deal-to-bail-out-the-u-s-financial-system-from-lingering-effects-of-th.md) _Context: Emergency Economic Stabilization Act, housing crisis_
5. [ U.S. President George W. Bush signs The Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008 in response to the subprime mortgage crisis.  ](/news/2008/07/30/u-s-president-george-w-bush-signs-the-housing-and-economic-recovery-act-of-2008-in-response-to-the-subprime-mortgage-crisis.md) _Context: George W. Bush, housing crisis_
6. [ The United States House of Representatives fails to override President Bush's veto of a bill outlawing waterboarding and other interrogation techniques. ](/news/2008/03/11/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-fails-to-override-president-bush-s-veto-of-a-bill-outlawing-waterboarding-and-other-interrogatio.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States House of Representatives_
7. [ The U.S. House of Representatives narrowly passes a US$2.9 trillion budget blueprint which results in a surplus after five years but relies heavily on the expiration of the Bush tax cuts to do so. The U.S. Senate passed a similar budget blueprint last week with negotiations to ensue.](/news/2007/03/29/the-u-s-house-of-representatives-narrowly-passes-a-us-2-9-trillion-budget-blueprint-which-results-in-a-surplus-after-five-years-but-relies.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States House of Representatives_
8. [ Iraq War: The United States House of Representatives votes in favor of withdrawing all U.S. troops from Iraq by August 2008. President Bush promises to veto the bill. ](/news/2007/03/23/iraq-war-p-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-withdrawing-all-u-s-troops-from-iraq-by-august-2008-president-bus.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States House of Representatives_
9. [ The United States House of Representatives passes House Concurrent Resolution 63; a non-binding resolution criticising U.S. President George W. Bush's Surge Plan in Iraq. ](/news/2007/02/16/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-passes-house-concurrent-resolution-63-a-non-binding-resolution-criticising-u-s-president-georg.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States House of Representatives_
10. [ The United States Senate passes legislation normalising trade with Vietnam, renewing tax cuts and opening the Gulf of Mexico to new drilling for oil and gas fields. The legislation had earlier been passed by the United States House of Representatives  and will now go to President of the United States George W. Bush for approval. ](/news/2006/12/9/the-united-states-senate-passes-legislation-normalising-trade-with-vietnam-renewing-tax-cuts-and-opening-the-gulf-of-mexico-to-new-drillin.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States House of Representatives_
