### [2008-10-3](/news/2008/10/3/index.md)

#  U.S. President George W. Bush signs the US$ 700,000,000,000 bailout bill after it is passed by the House. 

President Bush signed a $700 billion financial bailout package Friday, shortly after the U.S. House passed the rescue measure. The action paved the way for the government to start buying up troubled assets from financial institutions caught on the wrong side of record home foreclosures.


### Source:

1. [NPR News](http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=95336601&ft=1&f=1003)
1. [Cover Image](https://media.npr.org/include/images/facebook-default-wide.jpg?s=1400)

### Related:

1. [ President of the United States George W. Bush addresses the nation on prime time television to discuss the crisis and the Paulson plan. He warns that the United States faces a "long and painful recession" if the package is not passed. ](/news/2008/09/24/president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-addresses-the-nation-on-prime-time-television-to-discuss-the-crisis-and-the-paulson-plan-he.md) _Context: Emergency Economic Stabilization Act, George W. Bush_
2. [ The United States House of Representatives fails to override President Bush's veto of a bill outlawing waterboarding and other interrogation techniques. ](/news/2008/03/11/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-fails-to-override-president-bush-s-veto-of-a-bill-outlawing-waterboarding-and-other-interrogatio.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States House of Representatives_
3. [ The U.S. House of Representatives narrowly passes a US$2.9 trillion budget blueprint which results in a surplus after five years but relies heavily on the expiration of the Bush tax cuts to do so. The U.S. Senate passed a similar budget blueprint last week with negotiations to ensue.](/news/2007/03/29/the-u-s-house-of-representatives-narrowly-passes-a-us-2-9-trillion-budget-blueprint-which-results-in-a-surplus-after-five-years-but-relies.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States House of Representatives_
4. [ The United States House of Representatives votes in favor of withdrawing all U.S. troops from Iraq by August 2008. President Bush promises to veto the bill. ](/news/2007/03/23/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-withdrawing-all-u-s-troops-from-iraq-by-august-2008-president-bush-promises.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States House of Representatives_
5. [ The United States House of Representatives passes House Concurrent Resolution 63; a non-binding resolution criticising U.S. President George W. Bush's Surge Plan in Iraq. ](/news/2007/02/16/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-passes-house-concurrent-resolution-63-a-non-binding-resolution-criticising-u-s-president-georg.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States House of Representatives_
6. [ The United States Senate passes legislation normalising trade with Vietnam, renewing tax cuts and opening the Gulf of Mexico to new drilling for oil and gas fields. The legislation had earlier been passed by the United States House of Representatives and will now go to President of the United States George W. Bush for approval. ](/news/2006/12/9/the-united-states-senate-passes-legislation-normalising-trade-with-vietnam-renewing-tax-cuts-and-opening-the-gulf-of-mexico-to-new-drillin.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States House of Representatives_
7. [ The legal challenge to President George W. Bush's ratification of the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005 ("Conyers v. Bush") led by United States Congressman and member of the House Judiciary Committee John Conyers (together with ten other representatives of the House of Representatives) is dismissed due to lack of standing ](/news/2006/11/6/the-legal-challenge-to-president-george-w-bush-s-ratification-of-the-deficit-reduction-act-of-2005-conyers-v-bush-led-by-united-state.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States House of Representatives_
8. [ Legislation passes in the U.S. House and Senate giving President Bush authority to detain, interrogate and try terrorism detainees before military commissions. (San Francisco Examiner)](/news/2006/09/27/legislation-passes-in-the-u-s-house-and-senate-giving-president-bush-authority-to-detain-interrogate-and-try-terrorism-detainees-before-m.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States House of Representatives_
9. [ The United States House of Representatives passes a resolution supporting President Bush's policy on Iraq 256-153. ](/news/2006/06/16/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-passes-a-resolution-supporting-president-bush-s-policy-on-iraq-256-153.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States House of Representatives_
10. [ In the United States, the House of Representatives approves the Dominican Republic-Central America Free Trade Agreement, 217-215, sending the approved treaty to President George W. Bush. ](/news/2005/07/28/in-the-united-states-the-house-of-representatives-approves-the-dominican-republic-central-america-free-trade-agreement-217-215-sending-t.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States House of Representatives_
