
Formats: [HTML](/news/2017/10/11/the-peruvian-pedro-pablo-kuczynski-administration-through-the-ministry-of-justice-appoints-a-new-head-to-the-direction-of-presidential-gra.html)  [JSON](/news/2017/10/11/the-peruvian-pedro-pablo-kuczynski-administration-through-the-ministry-of-justice-appoints-a-new-head-to-the-direction-of-presidential-gra.json)  [XML](/news/2017/10/11/the-peruvian-pedro-pablo-kuczynski-administration-through-the-ministry-of-justice-appoints-a-new-head-to-the-direction-of-presidential-gra.xml)  

### [2017-10-11](/news/2017/10/11/index.md)

##### Politics of Peru
# The Peruvian Pedro Pablo Kuczynski Administration, through the Ministry of Justice, appoints a new head to the Direction of Presidential Graces, which is believed to be a first step towards granting a pardon to 79-year-old former president Alberto Fujimori (1990-2000), although President Kuczynski has denied it. In April 2009, a three-judge panel had sentenced Fujimori for acts of corruption, human rights violations, and various others crimes. Fujimori, who has been in jail since 2007 and whose health has deteriorated, including alleged tongue cancer, has applied for a pardon unsuccessfully on two occasions. 




### Sources:

1. [Diario Correo](https://diariocorreo.pe/politica/el-cancer-de-fujimori-es-incurable-y-de-alto-228549/)
2. [El Comercio](http://archivo.elcomercio.pe/politica/gobierno/informe-medico-concluyo-que-alberto-fujimori-no-padece-cancer-noticia-1554705)
3. [RPP Noticias](http://rpp.pe/politica/gobierno/el-gobierno-cambio-al-director-de-la-direccion-de-gracias-presidenciales-noticia-1081983)
3. [Cover Image](http://cde.3.elcomercio.pe/ima/0/0/5/8/7/587080.jpg)

### Changes:

1. [The Peruvian Pedro Pablo Kuczynski Administration through the Ministry of Justice of Peru appoints a new head to the Direction of Presidentials Graces in order to grant a pardon to 79-year-old former president Alberto Fujimori (1990-2000). In April 2009, a three-judge panel had sentenced Fujimori for acts of corruption and Human Rights violations. Fujimori, who has been in jail since 2007 and whose health has deteriorated, including alleged tongue cancer, has applied for a pardon unsuccessfully on two occasions. ](/news/2017/10/11/the-peruvian-pedro-pablo-kuczynski-administration-through-the-ministry-of-justice-of-peru-appoints-a-new-head-to-the-direction-of-presidenti.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:31 (First version)_
2. [The Peruvian Pedro Pablo Kuczynski Administration through the Ministry of Justice appoints a new head to the Direction of Presidential Graces, which is believed to be a first step towards granting a pardon to 79-year-old former president Alberto Fujimori (1990-2000), although the president Kuczynski has denied it. In April 2009, a three-judge panel had sentenced Fujimori for acts of corruption, Human Rights violations, and various others crimes. Fujimori, who has been in jail since 2007 and whose health has deteriorated, including alleged tongue cancer, has applied for a pardon unsuccessfully on two occasions. ](/news/2017/10/11/the-peruvian-pedro-pablo-kuczynski-administration-through-the-ministry-of-justice-appoints-a-new-head-to-the-direction-of-presidential-grace.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:31 (Update)_
2. [The Peruvian Pedro Pablo Kuczynski Administration, through the Ministry of Justice, appoints a new head to the Direction of Presidential Graces, which is believed to be a first step towards granting a pardon to 79-year-old former president Alberto Fujimori (1990-2000), although President Kuczynski has denied it. In April 2009, a three-judge panel had sentenced Fujimori for acts of corruption, human rights violations, and various others crimes. Fujimori, who has been in jail since 2007 and whose health has deteriorated, including alleged tongue cancer, has applied for a pardon unsuccessfully on two occasions. ](/news/2017/10/11/the-peruvian-pedro-pablo-kuczynski-administration-through-the-ministry-of-justice-appoints-a-new-head-to-the-direction-of-presidential-gra.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski pardons Alberto Fujimori, who was serving a 25-year sentence for corruption and human rights violations. ](/news/2017/12/24/peruvian-president-pedro-pablo-kuczynski-pardons-alberto-fujimori-who-was-serving-a-25-year-sentence-for-corruption-and-human-rights-violat.md) _Context: Alberto Fujimori, Pedro Pablo Kuczynski_
2. [ In Peru, former president Alberto Fujimori receives new identity papers and may return to the country. Peru still wants him for charges of murder and corruption. ](/news/2005/07/5/in-peru-former-president-alberto-fujimori-receives-new-identity-papers-and-may-return-to-the-country-peru-still-wants-him-for-charges-of.md) _Context: Alberto Fujimori, corruption_
3. [Former Peru president Alberto Fujimori is taken, from prison, to a local hospital for treatment for abnormally low blood pressure. ](/news/2017/12/23/former-peru-president-alberto-fujimori-is-taken-from-prison-to-a-local-hospital-for-treatment-for-abnormally-low-blood-pressure.md) _Context: Alberto Fujimori_
4. [The main opposition party of Peru, Popular Force, which has the absolute majority in Congress, gives the president Pedro Pablo Kuczynski less than 24 hours to present his resignation. This comes after it revealed that he received large sums of money from the Odebrecht construction company, through a financial advisory firm of his property, in exchange of the concession of important infrastructures for the country. ](/news/2017/12/14/the-main-opposition-party-of-peru-popular-force-which-has-the-absolute-majority-in-congress-gives-the-president-pedro-pablo-kuczynski-les.md) _Context: Pedro Pablo Kuczynski_
5. [Shortly after Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski called Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro a "dictator" in response to the Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Peru expels Venezuela's ambassador to Peru to protest Venezuela's recent formation of an all-powerful constituent assembly that has been widely condemned as a power grab by Maduro. ](/news/2017/08/11/shortly-after-peruvian-president-pedro-pablo-kuczynski-called-venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-a-dictator-in-response-to-the-venezuela.md) _Context: Pedro Pablo Kuczynski_
