### [2005-07-13](/news/2005/07/13/index.md)

#  Spanish government approves pensions for people who fled Spain for the Soviet Union and South America as children during the Spanish Civil War and never returned. 

Reuters.com brings you the latest news from around the world, covering breaking news in markets, business, politics, entertainment, technology, video and pictures.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.com/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=worldNews&storyID=2005-07-14T023605Z_01_N13680396_RTRIDST_0_INTERNATIONAL-MEXICO-SPAIN-DC.XML)

### Related:

1. [Abortion in Chile. Chilean lawmakers have approved a bill that would legalize abortion in limited circumstances and end the socially conservative country's status as the last in South America with a blanket ban on the procedure. ](/news/2017/08/3/abortion-in-chile-chilean-lawmakers-have-approved-a-bill-that-would-legalize-abortion-in-limited-circumstances-and-end-the-socially-conserv.md) _Context: South America_
2. [Mercosur suspends Venezuela from the South American trading bloc for failing to meet membership requirements on trade and human rights. ](/news/2016/12/2/mercosur-suspends-venezuela-from-the-south-american-trading-bloc-for-failing-to-meet-membership-requirements-on-trade-and-human-rights.md) _Context: South America_
3. [Hurricane Matthew. The U.S. National Hurricane Center issues a Tropical Storm Watch for Aruba, Bonaire, and Curacao islands in the Caribbean Sea, and for the northwest South American coast. ](/news/2016/09/29/hurricane-matthew-the-u-s-national-hurricane-center-issues-a-tropical-storm-watch-for-aruba-bonaire-and-curaassao-islands-in-the-caribbea.md) _Context: South America_
4. [Human rights in Venezuela. The South American trading bloc Mercosur threatens to suspend Venezuela if it does not protect human rights and enact a law guaranteeing the free movement of Mercosur citizens. The bloc sets a deadline of December 1, 2016, for Venezuela to comply with their requirements. ](/news/2016/09/14/human-rights-in-venezuela-the-south-american-trading-bloc-mercosur-threatens-to-suspend-venezuela-if-it-does-not-protect-human-rights-and-e.md) _Context: South America_
5. [2016 Ecuador earthquake. The death toll from the earthquake passes 650 with over 50 people missing. It is now the deadliest earthquake in South America this century. ](/news/2016/04/23/2016-ecuador-earthquake-the-death-toll-from-the-earthquake-passes-650-with-over-50-people-missing-it-is-now-the-deadliest-earthquake-in-so.md) _Context: South America_
6. [ Bolivia - Russia relations. Russia and Bolivia meet to discuss how Russian defense firms can help the South American nation's long-term rearmament plan. ](/news/2016/04/12/bolivia-russia-relations-russia-and-bolivia-meet-to-discuss-how-russian-defense-firms-can-help-the-south-american-nation-s-long-term-r.md) _Context: South America_
7. [The Wallenberg family files an application to formally declare Swedish diplomat Raoul Wallenberg (born in 1912) to be dead. Wallenberg saved the lives of thousands of Jews in World War II only to disappear at the hands of the Soviet forces. ](/news/2016/03/30/the-wallenberg-family-files-an-application-to-formally-declare-swedish-diplomat-raoul-wallenberg-born-in-1912-to-be-dead-wallenberg-saved.md) _Context: Soviet_
8. [Brazil Zika virus outbreak (2015 - present). The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention warns pregnant women against visiting 14 countries and territories in South America, Central America and the Caribbean due to the Zika virus outbreak. ](/news/2016/01/15/brazil-zika-virus-outbreak-2015-present-the-us-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-warns-pregnant-women-against-visiting-14-coun.md) _Context: South America_
9. [2015 FIFA corruption case. U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch announces criminal corruption charges against 16 FIFA officials in an indictment that expands Justice's May filing that indicted 14 officials associated with FIFA (Federation Internationale de Football Association) and related sports marketing companies. At U.S. authorities request, Swiss police arrest two South American FIFA (Federation Internationale de Football Association) officials at the five-star Baur au Lac hotel in Zurich, on suspicion of accepting "millions of dollars" in bribes. In addition, eight of the defendants indicted in May have pleaded guilty. ](/news/2015/12/3/2015-fifa-corruption-case-u-s-attorney-general-loretta-lynch-announces-criminal-corruption-charges-against-16-fifa-officials-in-an-indictm.md) _Context: South America_
10. [Yemeni Civil War (2015). The United Arab Emirates has recruited several hundred Central and South American mercenaries to fight the Houthis in Yemen. ](/news/2015/11/25/yemeni-civil-war-2015-the-united-arab-emirates-has-recruited-several-hundred-central-and-south-american-mercenaries-to-fight-the-houthis.md) _Context: South America_
