### [2009-09-3](/news/2009/09/3/index.md)

#  English Premier League football club Chelsea F.C. are barred from purchasing players on transfer until January 2011 by FIFA for inducing Gal Kakuta to illegally break his contract with French Ligue 1 club RC Lens in 2007. 

Fifa have banned Chelsea from registering any new players until 2011 following their signing of French youngster Gael Kakuta from Lens.


### Source:

1. [Sky Sports](http://www.skysports.com/story/0,19528,11661_5535793,00.html)
2. [The Sun](http://www.thesun.co.uk/sol/homepage/sport/football/2622461/John-Terry-is-shocked-by-Chelseas-transfer-ban.html)

### Related:

1. [ English Premier League footballer Marlon King is convicted of sexual assault, imprisoned and sacked by his club Wigan Athletic F.C. ](/news/2009/10/29/english-premier-league-footballer-marlon-king-is-convicted-of-sexual-assault-imprisoned-and-sacked-by-his-club-wigan-athletic-f-c.md) _Context: England, English Premier League, association football_
2. [At least 11 people are killed and 16 others are injured after a gunman opens fire on football fans watching an English Premier League game near Juba, South Sudan. ](/news/2016/11/6/at-least-11-people-are-killed-and-16-others-are-injured-after-a-gunman-opens-fire-on-football-fans-watching-an-english-premier-league-game-n.md) _Context: English Premier League, association football_
3. [Four police forces in England say they are actively investigating allegations of child sexual abuse in association football. Several ex-players have gone public with allegations against former Crewe Alexandra and Manchester City coach Barry Bennell. ](/news/2016/11/25/four-police-forces-in-england-say-they-are-actively-investigating-allegations-of-child-sexual-abuse-in-association-football-several-ex-play.md) _Context: England, association football_
4. [Eurotunnel has "apologised profusely" after train passengers brought to Calais, France, through the Channel Tunnel are locked into their carriages upon arrival and immediately returned to Kent, England. ](/news/2010/08/4/eurotunnel-has-apologised-profusely-after-train-passengers-brought-to-calais-france-through-the-channel-tunnel-are-locked-into-their-car.md) _Context: England, France_
5. [ FIFA, the world governing body for association football, announce after an emergency session of their Executive Committee, that following the controversy over the Thierry Henry handball incident, it will set up an inquiry into the use of extra officials or technology, but any changes will not be implemented for the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa. Wikinews](/news/2009/12/2/fifa-the-world-governing-body-for-association-football-announce-after-an-emergency-session-of-their-executive-committee-that-following-t.md) _Context: FIFA, association football_
6. [ Football: The semi-finals of Copa del Rey begin in Nou Camp.  Argentinian Lionel Messi scored a spectacular goal against Getafe CF.That goal is very similar to a Diego Maradona's goal against England in Mexico World Cup 1986.Both of them passed six defenders including goalkeeper and scored.](/news/2007/04/11/football-the-semi-finals-of-copa-del-rey-begin-in-nou-camp-argentinian-lionel-messi-scored-a-spectacular-goal-against-getafe-cf-that-goa.md) _Context: England, association football_
7. [ Manchester United win the UEFA Champions League at the Nou Camp stadium, Barcelona, beating Bayern Munich to lift their third major trophy in their unprecedented Treble, after winning the English Premier League and FA Cup.](/news/1999/05/26/manchester-united-win-the-uefa-champions-league-at-the-nou-camp-stadium-barcelona-beating-bayern-munich-to-lift-their-third-major-trophy.md) _Context: England, English Premier League_
8. [Voters in France return to the polls for a run-off, to elect either Emmanuel Macron or Marine Le Pen as the new President of France. Exit polls indicate that the centrist Macron defeated the far-right Le Pen. ](/news/2017/05/7/voters-in-france-return-to-the-polls-for-a-run-off-to-elect-either-emmanuel-macron-or-marine-le-pen-as-the-new-president-of-france-exit-po.md) _Context: France_
9. [France bans the breeding of killer whales and dolphins in captivity and orders aquariums and water parks to expand their pools within three years following a campaign by animal rights groups. ](/news/2017/05/7/france-bans-the-breeding-of-killer-whales-and-dolphins-in-captivity-and-orders-aquariums-and-water-parks-to-expand-their-pools-within-three.md) _Context: France_
10. [With polls showing a close race with Emmanuel Macron and Jean-Luc Mlenchon, Marine Le Pen of the National Front pledges to temporarily suspend all immigration, "legal and illegal", to France. ](/news/2017/04/18/with-polls-showing-a-close-race-with-emmanuel-macron-and-jean-luc-melenchon-marine-le-pen-of-the-national-front-pledges-to-temporarily-susp.md) _Context: France_
