### [2015-07-4](/news/2015/07/4/index.md)

#  Abdul Gani Patail, the Attorney General of Malaysia, says that a probe of troubled state owned investment bank 1Malaysia Development Berhad has uncovered documents that show the transfer of money into private accounts of the Prime Minister Najib Razak. 

KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia—Malaysia’s attorney general said an official investigation into a troubled state investment fund has uncovered documents related to allegations that money was transferred into the personal bank accounts of Prime Minister Najib Razak.


### Source:

1. [Market Watch](http://www.marketwatch.com/story/malaysia-probe-says-it-has-found-documents-tied-to-alleged-transfers-to-premier-2015-07-04-151035052?mod=MethodeStories&link=sfmw)

### Related:

1. [Bersih 5 rally: Tens of thousands of people protest in the Malaysian capital Kuala Lumpur, calling for Prime Minister Najib Razak to step down amid an ongoing corruption scandal involving 1Malaysia Development Berhad. ](/news/2016/11/19/bersih-5-rally-tens-of-thousands-of-people-protest-in-the-malaysian-capital-kuala-lumpur-calling-for-prime-minister-najib-razak-to-step-do.md) _Context: 1Malaysia Development Berhad, Malaysian Prime Minister, Najib Razak_
2. [1Malaysia Development Berhad scandal: The United States Justice Department launches an investigation of money laundering associated with the 1Malaysia Development Berhad sovereign wealth fund, as well as the purchase of luxury properties in New York involving shell companies linked to Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak's step-son Riza Aziz and businessman Jho Low. ](/news/2015/09/22/1malaysia-development-berhad-scandal-the-united-states-justice-department-launches-an-investigation-of-money-laundering-associated-with-the.md) _Context: 1Malaysia Development Berhad, Malaysian Prime Minister, Najib Razak_
3. [1Malaysia Development Berhad scandal: Malaysian authorities order a freeze on six accounts associated with alleged payments by development bank 1Malaysia Development Berhad to the Prime Minister Najib Razak. ](/news/2015/07/7/1malaysia-development-berhad-scandal-malaysian-authorities-order-a-freeze-on-six-accounts-associated-with-alleged-payments-by-development-b.md) _Context: 1Malaysia Development Berhad, Malaysian Prime Minister, Najib Razak_
4. [Rohingya protests: Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak leads a protest rally against the persecution of Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority in the predominately Buddhist country, and calls on Myanmar State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi and the United Nations to address the Rohingya's plight and end the violence. Myanmar's president's office said the rally is timed for Malaysian political purposes, and that Malaysia should respect the Association of Southeast Asian Nations's principle on sovereignty. ](/news/2016/12/4/rohingya-protests-malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-leads-a-protest-rally-against-the-persecution-of-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority.md) _Context: Malaysian Prime Minister, Najib Razak_
5. [Rohingya insurgency in Western Myanmar: The Government of Malaysia claims that violence against Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority is "ethnic cleansing" ahead of a march in Kuala Lumpur led by Prime Minister Najib Razak. ](/news/2016/12/3/rohingya-insurgency-in-western-myanmar-the-government-of-malaysia-claims-that-violence-against-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority-is-ethni.md) _Context: Malaysian Prime Minister, Najib Razak_
6. [The Malaysian National Security Council Act comes into effect giving the Prime Minister of Malaysia Najib Razak sweeping new powers. ](/news/2016/08/1/the-malaysian-national-security-council-act-comes-into-effect-giving-the-prime-minister-of-malaysia-najib-razak-sweeping-new-powers.md) _Context: Malaysian Prime Minister, Najib Razak_
7. [Status of press freedom worldwide: Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop says the government is very concerned about Saturday's arrest and detention of two Australian Broadcasting Corporation journalists who attempted to interview Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak. The pair, who are in Malaysia to investigate allegations of corruption and bribery involving the prime minister, were detained by Malaysian police for six hours, and told not to leave the country. ](/news/2016/03/14/status-of-press-freedom-worldwide-australian-foreign-minister-julie-bishop-says-the-government-is-very-concerned-about-saturday-s-arrest-an.md) _Context: Malaysian Prime Minister, Najib Razak_
8. [Former Prime Minister of Malaysia Mahathir Mohamad quits the ruling United Malays National Organisation due to concerns over "corruption" under current PM Najib Razak. ](/news/2016/02/29/former-prime-minister-of-malaysia-mahathir-mohamad-quits-the-ruling-united-malays-national-organisation-due-to-concerns-over-corruption-un.md) _Context: Malaysian Prime Minister, Najib Razak_
9. [The Prime Minister of Malaysia Najib Razak is cleared of corruption by the Attorney-General of Malaysia Apandi Ali after returning US$607 million worth of donations to his personal account from the Saudi Royal Family. ](/news/2016/01/26/the-prime-minister-of-malaysia-najib-razak-is-cleared-of-corruption-by-the-attorney-general-of-malaysia-apandi-ali-after-returning-us-607-mi.md) _Context: Malaysian Prime Minister, Najib Razak_
10. [Reactions to the November 2015 Paris attacks: Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak denounces the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant as an "evil" terrorist group. He said his Muslim-majority country is ready to join others to defeat it, cautioning that a military solution alone is not enough and that it is also necessary to vanquish the ideology of the group. ](/news/2015/11/21/reactions-to-the-november-2015-paris-attacks-malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-denounces-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-as-an.md) _Context: Malaysian Prime Minister, Najib Razak_
