### [2015-07-4](/news/2015/07/4/index.md)

#  The Azerbaijani military shoots down two Armenian drones over Azeri positions according to Azerbaijan's defense ministry. 




### Source:

1. [TREND](http://en.trend.az/azerbaijan/karabakh/2414186.html)

### Related:

1. [Armenia will recognize the independence of the breakaway Nagorno-Karabakh Republic from Azerbaijan if military actions there continue, according to Armenian President Serzh Sargsyan. Azerbaijan has resorted to an "unprecedented provocation along the entire perimeter of the contact line" with Nagorno-Karabakh, Sargsyan told a meeting with ambassadors from member states of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe, referring to the latest flare-up of the conflict. ](/news/2016/04/4/armenia-will-recognize-the-independence-of-the-breakaway-nagorno-karabakh-republic-from-azerbaijan-if-military-actions-there-continue-accor.md) _Context: Armenia, Nagorno-Karabakh conflict_
2. [At least four Armenian soldiers are killed following an Azeri attack near the disputed Nagorno-Karabakh region. Yesterday, Azerbaijan shelled several ethnic Armenian villages, leaving three civilians dead. ](/news/2015/09/26/at-least-four-armenian-soldiers-are-killed-following-an-azeri-attack-near-the-disputed-nagorno-karabakh-region-yesterday-azerbaijan-shelle.md) _Context: Armenia, Nagorno-Karabakh conflict_
3. [The government of Armenia claims that Azerbaijani forces shelled Tavush Province resulting in three deaths. ](/news/2015/09/24/the-government-of-armenia-claims-that-azerbaijani-forces-shelled-tavush-province-resulting-in-three-deaths.md) _Context: Armenia, Nagorno-Karabakh conflict_
4. [At least eight Azeri soldiers are killed following clashes with Armenian troops on the border and near the disputed Nagorno-Karabakh region. Azerbaijan said Armenia had also suffered losses, although it did not provide any details. ](/news/2014/08/1/at-least-eight-azeri-soldiers-are-killed-following-clashes-with-armenian-troops-on-the-border-and-near-the-disputed-nagorno-karabakh-region.md) _Context: Armenia, Nagorno-Karabakh conflict_
5. [Authorities declare that the Republican Party, led by President Serzh Sargsyan, wins the Armenia election amid accusations by opposition parties and the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe of voting irregularities. ](/news/2017/04/3/authorities-declare-that-the-republican-party-led-by-president-serzh-sargsyan-wins-the-armenia-election-amid-accusations-by-opposition-par.md) _Context: Armenia_
6. [Voters in Armenia go to the polls for an election, the first since constitutional changes were approved in a referendum in 2015, which changed the country's governance from a semi-presidential system to a parliamentary republic. Opinion polls predict a tight race between the nationalist Republican Party, led by President Serzh Sargsyan, and the centre-right Prosperous Armenia, led by Gagik Tsarukyan. With votes from 64% of the polling stations counted, the Republican Party leads with 49.7% of votes. ](/news/2017/04/2/voters-in-armenia-go-to-the-polls-for-an-election-the-first-since-constitutional-changes-were-approved-in-a-referendum-in-2015-which-chang.md) _Context: Armenia_
7. [Armenia and the European Union agree on a new pact to boost ties between the two. It is expected to be signed later this year. This comes after Armenia rejected an Association Agreement in 2013. ](/news/2017/02/27/armenia-and-the-european-union-agree-on-a-new-pact-to-boost-ties-between-the-two-it-is-expected-to-be-signed-later-this-year-this-comes-af.md) _Context: Armenia_
8. [Clashes erupt between Nagorno-Karabakh separatists and Azerbaijani forces in the disputed Nagorno-Karabakh region. The Azerbaijan Ministry of Defense confirmed casualties on its side while the separatist forces claim to have no causalities. Both sides blame each other for the flareup in fighting. ](/news/2017/02/25/clashes-erupt-between-nagorno-karabakh-separatists-and-azerbaijani-forces-in-the-disputed-nagorno-karabakh-region-the-azerbaijan-ministry-o.md) _Context: Nagorno-Karabakh conflict_
9. [In a referendum held yesterday in the breakaway state of Nagorno-Karabakh (a region long claimed by both Azerbaijan and Armenia), 87.6% of voters approve changing the country's governance system from semi-presidential to full presidential, therefore abolishing the position of prime minister. ](/news/2017/02/21/in-a-referendum-held-yesterday-in-the-breakaway-state-of-nagorno-karabakh-a-region-long-claimed-by-both-azerbaijan-and-armenia-87-6-of-v.md) _Context: Armenia_
10. [Hovik Abrahamyan resigns as Prime Minister of Armenia citing civil unrest and a sharp economic downturn. ](/news/2016/09/8/hovik-abrahamyan-resigns-as-prime-minister-of-armenia-citing-civil-unrest-and-a-sharp-economic-downturn.md) _Context: Armenia_
