### [2016-11-17](/news/2016/11/17/index.md)

# Around 100 people are feared to have drowned in the Mediterranean Sea off the coast of Libya. So far this week, 18 people are confirmed dead and 340 missing attempting to migrate to Europe. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo!](https://au.news.yahoo.com/world/a/33248239/around-100-missing-after-migrant-boat-capsize-in-med-msf/#page1)

### Related:

1. [More than 2,000 migrants are rescued from the Mediterranean Sea off the coast of Libya. ](/news/2017/04/14/more-than-2-000-migrants-are-rescued-from-the-mediterranean-sea-off-the-coast-of-libya.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Libya, Mediterranean Sea_
2. [The Spanish-based Proactiva Open Arms NGO rescues more than 700 migrants in the Mediterranean Sea about 17 miles north of Sabratha, Libya. The rescued, who are from Nigeria, are transferred to the Italian Coast Guard.   ](/news/2016/08/28/the-spanish-based-proactiva-open-arms-ngo-rescues-more-than-700-migrants-in-the-mediterranean-sea-about-17-miles-north-of-sabratha-libya-t.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Libya, Mediterranean Sea_
3. [A Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) ship rescues 209 people, including 50 children, from two dinghies in distress in the Mediterranean Sea but finds 22 dead bodies, 21 women and a child, lying in a pool of fuel in the bottom of one of the boats. The dinghies were 17 miles east of Tripoli, Libya. Cause of death is unknown, though an MSF official says it could be that fumes from mixed fuel and water rendered the people unconscious. The MSF ship is expected to arrive in the Sicilian port of Trapani on Friday.](/news/2016/07/20/a-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doctors-without-borders-ship-rescues-209-people-including-50-children-from-two-dinghies-in-distress-in-the.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Libya, Mediterranean Sea_
4. [Bodies of 117 people, including  75 women, 36 men and six children, are recovered from a beach near Zuwarah, Libya, possibly from yesterday's capsize  in the Mediterranean Sea. ](/news/2016/06/3/bodies-of-117-people-including-75-women-36-men-and-six-children-are-recovered-from-a-beach-near-zuwarah-libya-possibly-from-yesterday.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Libya, Mediterranean Sea_
5. [At least 20 people drown in the southern Mediterranean Sea when a repurposed fishing boat sinks 35 nautical miles north of Zuwara, Libya. ](/news/2016/05/26/at-least-20-people-drown-in-the-southern-mediterranean-sea-when-a-repurposed-fishing-boat-sinks-35-nautical-miles-north-of-zuwara-libya.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Libya, Mediterranean Sea_
6. [At least five die  after their overcrowded,  repurposed trawler  capsized in the southern Mediterranean Sea off the coast of Libya. The Italian navy rescued 562 people. ](/news/2016/05/25/at-least-five-die-after-their-overcrowded-repurposed-trawler-capsized-in-the-southern-mediterranean-sea-off-the-coast-of-libya-the-ital.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Libya, Mediterranean Sea_
7. [Up to 500 people are feared to have drowned off the coast of Libya in the Mediterranean last week, in what would be the deadliest migrant shipwreck in months. ](/news/2016/04/20/up-to-500-people-are-feared-to-have-drowned-off-the-coast-of-libya-in-the-mediterranean-last-week-in-what-would-be-the-deadliest-migrant-sh.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Libya, Mediterranean Sea_
8. [Greek prime minister Alexis Tsipras lashes out at European "ineptness" in handling the continent's massive immigration crisis. The Associated Press reports 31 more people -- mostly children -- drowned in shipwrecks in the Mediterranean Sea near the islands of Kalymnos and Rhodes. Turkey's state-run agency says four children drowned and two others are missing after two new accidents with boats headed to Greece's Lesbos and Samos islands. The death toll in the Aegean Sea over the past three days is at least 50. The Greek coast guard says they rescued 600 people in the past 24 hours, while thousands more made it safely from Turkey to Greece's southeastern islands. ](/news/2015/10/30/greek-prime-minister-alexis-tsipras-lashes-out-at-european-ineptness-in-handling-the-continent-s-massive-immigration-crisis-the-associate.md) _Context: Europe, European migrant crisis, Mediterranean Sea_
9. [Italy rescues thousands of refugees in the Mediterranean Sea off the coast of Libya. ](/news/2015/09/19/italy-rescues-thousands-of-refugees-in-the-mediterranean-sea-off-the-coast-of-libya.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Libya, Mediterranean Sea_
10. [A Swedish rescue crew finds 51 dead migrants in the hold of a boat off the coast of Libya during a rescue operation in the Mediterranean Sea that has saved 439 other people. In addition, three women are found dead in another migrant boat and another corpse is found during ten rescue operations on Wednesday that have saved around 3,000 people, according to the Italian coast guard. ](/news/2015/08/26/a-swedish-rescue-crew-finds-51-dead-migrants-in-the-hold-of-a-boat-off-the-coast-of-libya-during-a-rescue-operation-in-the-mediterranean-sea.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Libya, Mediterranean Sea_
