### [2016-11-17](/news/2016/11/17/index.md)

# Japan-United States relations. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe becomes the first foreign head of government to meet President-elect of the United States Donald Trump since his election as President on November 8. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-japan-idUSKBN13C0C8)

### Related:

1. [Japan-United States relations. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe makes a landmark visit to Naval Station Pearl Harbor in Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, offering "sincere and everlasting condolences" to the victims of the attack on Pearl Harbor by the Japanese empire on December 7, 1941. ](/news/2016/12/27/japan-united-states-relations-japanese-prime-minister-shinza-abe-makes-a-landmark-visit-to-naval-station-pearl-harbor-in-pearl-harbor-h.md) _Context: Japan-United States relations, Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
2. [United States presidential election and general elections, 2016. Although he lost the popular vote, Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for the 2016 presidential election, becomes the president-elect of the United States after defeating Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee in the electoral college. It is the fifth time in United States history where the winning candidate lost the popular vote, the last such defeat occurring in 2000.. The Republican Party retains control of the House and Senate. ](/news/2016/11/9/united-states-presidential-election-and-general-elections-2016-although-he-lost-the-popular-vote-donald-trump-the-republican-nominee-for.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Donald Trump, President-elect_
3. [Japan-United States relations. Relocation of Marine Corps Air Station Futenma. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe agrees to suspend work to expand the U.S. military base on Okinawa Island. Abe says his government will follow the court recommendation and settle several lawsuits over landfill work carried out to prepare for new runways. ](/news/2016/03/4/japan-united-states-relations-relocation-of-marine-corps-air-station-futenma-japanese-prime-minister-shinza-abe-agrees-to-suspend-work.md) _Context: Japan-United States relations, Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
4. [Politics of Japan. Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo Abe appoints Taro Kono as Foreign Minister. ](/news/2017/08/3/politics-of-japan-prime-minister-of-japan-shinza-abe-appoints-tara-kano-as-foreign-minister.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
5. [Trump Tower wiretapping allegations. U.S. President Donald Trump accuses former President Barack Obama of wiretapping Trump Tower the month before the 2016 presidential election but offers no evidence to support his claim. A spokesman for President Obama rejects these claims. ](/news/2017/03/4/trump-tower-wiretapping-allegations-u-s-president-donald-trump-accuses-former-president-barack-obama-of-wiretapping-trump-tower-the-month.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Donald Trump_
6. [2017 dismissal of U.S. attorneys. United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions requests the resignations of 46 Barack Obama-era chief federal prosecutors, including United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York Preet Bharara, who was previously told to stay on by then President-elect Donald Trump in November. ](/news/2017/03/10/2017-dismissal-of-u-s-attorneys-united-states-attorney-general-jeff-sessions-requests-the-resignations-of-46-barack-obama-era-chief-federa.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President-elect_
7. [Ford announces that it has cancelled plans to build a $1.6 billion plant in Mexico, long criticized by U.S. President-elect Donald Trump, and will invest $700 million in its Michigan plant in Flat Rock, potentially creating 700 new jobs from the investment and expansion of the plant. ](/news/2017/01/3/ford-announces-that-it-has-cancelled-plans-to-build-a-1-6-billion-plant-in-mexico-long-criticized-by-u-s-president-elect-donald-trump-an.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President-elect_
8. [Presidency of Donald Trump. United States President Donald Trump announces that he intends to seek an investigation into possible voter fraud from last year's election. ](/news/2017/01/25/presidency-of-donald-trump-united-states-president-donald-trump-announces-that-he-intends-to-seek-an-investigation-into-possible-voter-frau.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Donald Trump_
9. [ President-elect of the United States Donald Trump holds his first post-election press conference in New York City. ](/news/2017/01/11/president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-holds-his-first-post-election-press-conference-in-new-york-city.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President-elect_
10. [United States presidential election, 2016. The CIA has concluded that Russia actively tried to help Donald Trump win the 2016 U.S. presidential election. ](/news/2016/12/9/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-cia-has-concluded-that-russia-actively-tried-to-help-donald-trump-win-the-2016-u-s-president.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Donald Trump_
