### [2016-11-17](/news/2016/11/17/index.md)

# Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe becomes the first foreign head of government to meet President-elect of the United States Donald Trump since his election as President on November 8. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-japan-idUSKBN13C0C8)
1. [Cover Image](http://s1.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20161118&t=2&i=1162230194&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXMPECAH0X2)

### Related:

1. [Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe makes a landmark visit to Naval Station Pearl Harbor in Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, offering "sincere and everlasting condolences" to the victims of the attack on Pearl Harbor by the Japanese empire on December 7, 1941. ](/news/2016/12/27/japanese-prime-minister-shinza-abe-makes-a-landmark-visit-to-naval-station-pearl-harbor-in-pearl-harbor-hawaii-offering-sincere-and-ever.md) _Context: Japan-United States relations, Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
2. [Although he lost the popular vote, Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for the 2016 presidential election, becomes the president-elect of the United States after defeating Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee in the electoral college. It is the fifth time in United States history where the winning candidate lost the popular vote, the last such defeat occurring in 2000.The Republican Party retains control of the House and Senate. ](/news/2016/11/9/although-he-lost-the-popular-vote-donald-trump-the-republican-nominee-for-the-2016-presidential-election-becomes-the-president-elect-of-t.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President-elect, United States presidential election, 2016_
3. [Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe agrees to suspend work to expand the U.S. military base on Okinawa Island. Abe says his government will follow the court recommendation and settle several lawsuits over landfill work carried out to prepare for new runways. ](/news/2016/03/4/japanese-prime-minister-shinza-abe-agrees-to-suspend-work-to-expand-the-u-s-military-base-on-okinawa-island-abe-says-his-government-will.md) _Context: Japan-United States relations, Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
4. [Amid tensions from South Korea, U.S. President Donald Trump announces that he is "allowing Japan and South Korea to buy a substantially increased amount of highly sophisticated military equipment from the United States." ](/news/2017/09/5/amid-tensions-from-south-korea-u-s-president-donald-trump-announces-that-he-is-allowing-japan-and-south-korea-to-buy-a-substantially-incr.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Japan-United States relations_
5. [The Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo Abe calls a snap election with the election to be held on October 22. ](/news/2017/09/25/the-prime-minister-of-japan-shinza-abe-calls-a-snap-election-with-the-election-to-be-held-on-october-22.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
6. [Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo Abe appoints Taro Kono as Foreign Minister. ](/news/2017/08/3/prime-minister-of-japan-shinza-abe-appoints-tara-kano-as-foreign-minister.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
7. [U.S. President Donald Trump accuses former President Barack Obama of wiretapping Trump Tower the month before the 2016 presidential election but offers no evidence to support his claim. A spokesman for President Obama rejects these claims. ](/news/2017/03/4/u-s-president-donald-trump-accuses-former-president-barack-obama-of-wiretapping-trump-tower-the-month-before-the-2016-presidential-election.md) _Context: Donald Trump, United States presidential election, 2016_
8. [United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions requests the resignations of 46 Barack Obama-era chief federal prosecutors, including United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York Preet Bharara, who was previously told to stay on by then President-elect Donald Trump in November. ](/news/2017/03/10/united-states-attorney-general-jeff-sessions-requests-the-resignations-of-46-barack-obama-era-chief-federal-prosecutors-including-united-st.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President-elect_
9. [Ford announces that it has cancelled plans to build a $1.6 billion plant in Mexico, long criticized by U.S. President-elect Donald Trump, and will invest $700 million in its Michigan plant in Flat Rock, potentially creating 700 new jobs from the investment and expansion of the plant. ](/news/2017/01/3/ford-announces-that-it-has-cancelled-plans-to-build-a-1-6-billion-plant-in-mexico-long-criticized-by-u-s-president-elect-donald-trump-an.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President-elect_
10. [United States President Donald Trump announces that he intends to seek an investigation into possible voter fraud from last year's election. ](/news/2017/01/25/united-states-president-donald-trump-announces-that-he-intends-to-seek-an-investigation-into-possible-voter-fraud-from-last-year-s-election.md) _Context: Donald Trump, United States presidential election, 2016_
