### [2016-11-17](/news/2016/11/17/index.md)

# President Joseph Kabila appoints Samy Badibanga as the new Prime Minister of the Democratic Republic of the Congo as part of a power-sharing deal agreed by the opposition and government. 

Democratic Republic of Congo opposition leader Samy Badibanga has been named prime minister on Thursday as part of a power-sharing deal signed in October by the opposition and government.


### Source:

1. [Africa News](http://www.africanews.com/2016/11/17/opposition-leader-samy-badibanga-named-prime-minister-of-dr-congo/)

### Related:

1. [President Joseph Kabila appoints Bruno Tshibala of the Union for Democracy and Social Progress as the Prime Minister of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Kabila's earlier announcement of his decision to appoint a new prime minister prompted Samy Badibanga to resign from the role after less than five months in office. ](/news/2017/04/7/president-joseph-kabila-appoints-bruno-tshibala-of-the-union-for-democracy-and-social-progress-as-the-prime-minister-of-the-democratic-repub.md) _Context: Joseph Kabila, Prime Minister of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Samy Badibanga_
2. [Clashes between security forces and anti-government protesters demanding the resignation of President Joseph Kabila reportedly leave more than 20 people dead in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. ](/news/2016/12/20/clashes-between-security-forces-and-anti-government-protesters-demanding-the-resignation-of-president-joseph-kabila-reportedly-leave-more-th.md) _Context: Joseph Kabila, President_
3. [A day after street violence in the Democratic Republic of the Congo between protesters opposed to President Joseph Kabila and security forces left at least 44 dead, armed men in military uniforms burn down the headquarters of the main opposition Union for Democracy and Social Progress (UDPS) in Kinshasa, DR Congo, killing at least two people. ](/news/2016/09/20/a-day-after-street-violence-in-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-between-protesters-opposed-to-president-joseph-kabila-and-security-force.md) _Context: Joseph Kabila, President_
4. [A senior aide to the President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Joseph Kabila, is killed, and the Finance Minister Matata Ponyo Mapon is injured in a plane crash near the town of Bukavu. ](/news/2012/02/12/a-senior-aide-to-the-president-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-joseph-kabila-is-killed-and-the-finance-minister-matata-ponyo-mapo.md) _Context: Joseph Kabila, President_
5. [Incumbent President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo Joseph Kabila is declared the winner of the Congolese general election but lead opposition candidate Etienne Tshisekedi disputes the outcome. ](/news/2011/12/9/incumbent-president-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-joseph-kabila-is-declared-the-winner-of-the-congolese-general-election-but-lead.md) _Context: Joseph Kabila, President_
6. [Joseph Kabila is sworn in as President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, despite the presidency being contested by opposition leader Etienne Tshisekedi. ](/news/2011/12/20/joseph-kabila-is-sworn-in-as-president-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-despite-the-presidency-being-contested-by-opposition-leader.md) _Context: Joseph Kabila, President_
7. [At least 5 people are killed during a gunfight in Lubumbashi in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, with President Joseph Kabila in town to view Independence Day ceremonies on Thursday. ](/news/2011/06/29/at-least-5-people-are-killed-during-a-gunfight-in-lubumbashi-in-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-with-president-joseph-kabila-in-town-t.md) _Context: Joseph Kabila, President_
8. [Congolese President Joseph Kabila fires two ministers over corruption and absence. ](/news/2011/03/13/congolese-president-joseph-kabila-fires-two-ministers-over-corruption-and-absence.md) _Context: Joseph Kabila, President_
9. [Mining in 3 eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo provinces is suspended by President Joseph Kabila to allow for a clean-up of operations. ](/news/2010/09/11/mining-in-3-eastern-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-provinces-is-suspended-by-president-joseph-kabila-to-allow-for-a-clean-up-of-operations.md) _Context: Joseph Kabila, President_
10. [ Democratic Republic of the Congo: The President of Uganda Yoweri Museveni and the President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo Joseph Kabila meet in Tanzania to discuss the future of oil-rich Lake Albert. ](/news/2007/09/8/democratic-republic-of-the-congo-p-the-president-of-uganda-yoweri-museveni-and-the-president-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-joseph.md) _Context: Joseph Kabila, President_
