### [2016-11-17](/news/2016/11/17/index.md)

# The Three UK mobile phone company admits that there has been a cyber-security breach involving the details of millions of customers. 

One of Britain&#39;s biggest mobile phone companies has admitted to a major cyber-security breach which could put the personal data of millions of customers at risk.


### Source:

1. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/11/17/three-mobile-cyber-hack--six-million-customers-private-data-at-r/)

### Related:

1. [Ministers of the European Union have given the EU president a mandate to lower charges that mobile phone services can impose on one another for keeping each others' customers connected as the customers "roam," that is, travel about Europe. ](/news/2016/12/2/ministers-of-the-european-union-have-given-the-eu-president-a-mandate-to-lower-charges-that-mobile-phone-services-can-impose-on-one-another.md) _Context: mobile phone_
2. [The German cities of Augsburg and Cologne are testing a scheme of traffic lights embedded in the ground to reduce cell phone-texting pedestrian accidents with vehicles that happen when so-called "smombies" step out into the street against the signal. ](/news/2016/04/27/the-german-cities-of-augsburg-and-cologne-are-testing-a-scheme-of-traffic-lights-embedded-in-the-ground-to-reduce-cell-phone-texting-pedestr.md) _Context: mobile phone_
3. [A riot at a prison in Guyana's capital Georgetown leaves at least 16 people dead. The riot began when inmates angered by a search that led to the confiscation of mobile phones set fires in one part of the prison. ](/news/2016/03/3/a-riot-at-a-prison-in-guyana-s-capital-georgetown-leaves-at-least-16-people-dead-the-riot-began-when-inmates-angered-by-a-search-that-led-t.md) _Context: mobile phone_
4. [Boko Haram insurgency: A twin-suicide bombing of a mobile phone market in the northern Nigerian city of Kano kills at least fifteen people. ](/news/2015/11/18/boko-haram-insurgency-a-twin-suicide-bombing-of-a-mobile-phone-market-in-the-northern-nigerian-city-of-kano-kills-at-least-fifteen-people.md) _Context: mobile phone_
5. [South Korean news agency Yonhap reports China's mobile phone users are discarding 80 million devices annually, but almost none are being recycled. China's recycling rate stands at 9-10 percent of the global recycling average. ](/news/2015/11/13/south-korean-news-agency-yonhap-reports-china-s-mobile-phone-users-are-discarding-80-million-devices-annually-but-almost-none-are-being-rec.md) _Context: mobile phone_
6. [Google announces that Project Loon - to provide wireless access to four billion unconnected people around the globe in rural and remote areas via Internet-beaming helium balloons in the stratosphere - will be tested in Indonesia in 2016. Currently, one in three Indonesians are connected to the web, mostly via slow connections, in this 17,508-island archipelago of over 250 million people (and about 319 million mobile phones). The company, which also tested Loon-delivered internet in Chile, New Mexico (U.S.), and Sri Lanka, hopes to deliver LTE-speed to more than 100 million unconnected Indonesians in five years. ](/news/2015/10/29/google-announces-that-project-loon-to-provide-wireless-access-to-four-billion-unconnected-people-around-the-globe-in-rural-and-remote-ar.md) _Context: mobile phone_
7. [T-Mobile USA removes the contract requirement from its mobile phone payment plans, becoming the first of the four major national wireless carriers in the U.S. to do so. ](/news/2013/03/26/t-mobile-usa-removes-the-contract-requirement-from-its-mobile-phone-payment-plans-becoming-the-first-of-the-four-major-national-wireless-ca.md) _Context: mobile phone_
8. ["The Sun" newspaper apologizes for accessing private information on a stolen mobile phone belonging to Labour MP Siobhain McDonagh. ](/news/2013/03/18/the-sun-newspaper-apologizes-for-accessing-private-information-on-a-stolen-mobile-phone-belonging-to-labour-mp-siobhain-mcdonagh.md) _Context: mobile phone_
9. [Chinese authorities implement new controls on the content of text messages sent to mobile phones according to service providers, including references to democracy, human rights, and corruption.](/news/2011/01/6/chinese-authorities-implement-new-controls-on-the-content-of-text-messages-sent-to-mobile-phones-according-to-service-providers-including-r.md) _Context: mobile phone_
10. [A. Raja resigns as the Indian Telecommunications Minister over claims that licenses had been improperly given to mobile phone companies. ](/news/2010/11/15/a-raja-resigns-as-the-indian-telecommunications-minister-over-claims-that-licenses-had-been-improperly-given-to-mobile-phone-companies.md) _Context: mobile phone_
