### [2014-11-7](/news/2014/11/7/index.md)

# Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act: The U.S. Supreme Court agrees to hear federal subsidies cases concerning the law. 

The Supreme Court agreed Friday to hear a new challenge to ObamaCare, bringing the law back before the court after it survived a brush with death in 2012.


### Source:

1. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2014/11/07/supreme-court-justices-to-hear-health-law-subsidies-challenge/)

### Related:

1. [Obamacare constitutional challenges, "Zubik v. Burwell": In a move designed to head off a 4-4 decision, the U.S. Supreme Court directs lawyers for the Obama administration, and for the religious groups who challenge it, to submit written briefs on a possible remedy to the case: whether coverage could be provided through the group's insurance companies without any actual notice to the government. A 4-4 decision would not set a national precedent, and would let stand the preceding decision in each case. In these seven cases, the appeals court in six upheld the government mandate. ](/news/2016/03/29/obamacare-constitutional-challenges-zubik-v-burwell-in-a-move-designed-to-head-off-a-4-4-decision-the-u-s-supreme-court-directs-lawye.md) _Context: Obamacare constitutional challenges, U.S. Supreme Court_
2. [The Supreme Court of the United States, which currently has just eight justices, today heard the case brought by the Roman Catholic Diocese of Pittsburgh ("Zubik v. Burwell", which includes similar ones by other religious organizations) that challenges the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act provision that employer-paid health insurance plans provide women with access to contraceptives at no additional out-of-pocket cost, and challenges the federal government accommodation offered in 2014 that would have a third-party provide the coverage with costs paid by the federal government. The plaintiffs state that both are unconstitutional because they violate the free exercise of religion. The decision is expected in June. If the result is a split decision (4-4), there would be no national precedent and each case's final decision would be the one made in court before the case was forwarded to the Supreme Court. In the group of cases presented today, all but one appeals court upheld the government mandate. ](/news/2016/03/23/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-which-currently-has-just-eight-justices-today-heard-the-case-brought-by-the-roman-catholic-diocese.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, U.S. Supreme Court_
3. ["King v. Burwell": The Supreme Court of the United States upholds key elements of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) including subsidies for healthcare policies and employer mandates, with a 6-3 vote. ](/news/2015/06/25/king-v-burwell-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-upholds-key-elements-of-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-obamacare.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, U.S. Supreme Court_
4. [The U.S. Supreme Court agrees to hear certain major religious freedom cases that will decide whether a company that is for-profit (including family-run ones)- and other entities who are not themselves churches- can refuse to provide contraceptive coverage that would otherwise be required under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; lower courts are split. ](/news/2013/11/26/the-u-s-supreme-court-agrees-to-hear-certain-major-religious-freedom-cases-that-will-decide-whether-a-company-that-is-for-profit-including.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, U.S. Supreme Court_
5. [The Supreme Court of the United States upholds the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, including the requirement for citizens to acquire health care by 2014. ](/news/2012/06/28/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-upholds-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-including-the-requirement-for-citizens-to-acq.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, U.S. Supreme Court_
6. [2017 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act replacement proposals: The American Health Care Act of 2017, an attempt to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, fails passage in the United States Senate. ](/news/2017/07/28/2017-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-replacement-proposals-the-american-health-care-act-of-2017-an-attempt-to-repeal-the-patien.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act_
7. [Efforts to repeal Obamacare: The United States Senate rejects "repeal only" propositions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. United States President Donald Trump lashes out at Republican Senator Lisa Murkowski, who voted against the proposal. ](/news/2017/07/26/efforts-to-repeal-obamacare-the-united-states-senate-rejects-repeal-only-propositions-of-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act_
8. [Efforts to repeal Obamacare: The U.S. Senate votes to open debate on repealing and possibly replacing Obamacare. ](/news/2017/07/25/efforts-to-repeal-obamacare-the-u-s-senate-votes-to-open-debate-on-repealing-and-possibly-replacing-obamacare.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act_
9. [Efforts to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act: A Republican Senate bill to repeal and replace large portions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act fails to win enough support to pass. ](/news/2017/07/18/efforts-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-a-republican-senate-bill-to-repeal-and-replace-large-portions-of-the-patie.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act_
10. [Executive Order 13780, "Hawaii v. Trump": The Trump Administration asks the U.S. Supreme Court to stop implementation of yesterday's ruling by Hawaii District Judge Derrick Watson that expanded the State Department's definition of "close family" used to implement the Supreme Court's June order that permits admission to the U.S. of those with a bona fide relationship. ](/news/2017/07/14/executive-order-13780-hawaii-v-trump-the-trump-administration-asks-the-u-s-supreme-court-to-stop-implementation-of-yesterday-s-ruling.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
