### [2014-11-7](/news/2014/11/7/index.md)

# The U.S. Supreme Court agrees to hear federal subsidies cases concerning the law. 

The Supreme Court agreed Friday to hear a new challenge to ObamaCare, bringing the law back before the court after it survived a brush with death in 2012.


### Source:

1. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2014/11/07/supreme-court-justices-to-hear-health-law-subsidies-challenge/)

### Related:

1. [Obamacare constitutional challenges, ''Zubik v. Burwell''In a move designed to head off a 4-4 decision, the U.S. Supreme Court directs lawyers for the Obama administration, and for the religious groups who challenge it, to submit written briefs on a possible remedy to the case: whether coverage could be provided through the group's insurance companies without any actual notice to the government. A 4-4 decision would not set a national precedent, and would let stand the preceding decision in each case. In these seven cases, the appeals court in six upheld the government mandate. ](/news/2016/03/29/obamacare-constitutional-challenges-zubik-v-burwell-pin-a-move-designed-to-head-off-a-4-4-decision-the-u-s-supreme-court-directs-lawy.md) _Context: Obamacare constitutional challenges, U.S. Supreme Court_
2. [The Supreme Court of the United States, which currently has just eight justices, today heard the case brought by the Roman Catholic Diocese of Pittsburgh (''Zubik v. Burwell'', which includes similar ones by other religious organizations) that challenges the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act  provision that employer-paid health insurance plans provide women with access to contraceptives at no additional out-of-pocket cost, and challenges the  federal government accommodation offered in 2014 that would have a third-party provide the coverage with costs paid by the federal government. The plaintiffs state that both are  unconstitutional because they violate  the free exercise of religion. The decision is expected in June. If the result is a split decision (4-4), there would be no national precedent and each case's final decision would be the one made in court before the case was forwarded to the Supreme Court. In the group of cases presented today,  all but one appeals court upheld the government mandate. ](/news/2016/03/23/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-which-currently-has-just-eight-justices-today-heard-the-case-brought-by-the-roman-catholic-diocese.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, U.S. Supreme Court_
3. [''King v. Burwell''The Supreme Court of the United States upholds key elements of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) including subsidies for healthcare policies and employer mandates, with a 6-3 vote. ](/news/2015/06/25/king-v-burwell-pthe-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-upholds-key-elements-of-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-obamacare.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, U.S. Supreme Court_
4. [The U.S. Supreme Court agrees to hear certain major religious freedom cases that will decide whether a company that is for-profit (including family-run ones)- and other entities who are not themselves churches- can refuse to provide contraceptive coverage that would otherwise be required under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; lower courts are split. ](/news/2013/11/26/the-u-s-supreme-court-agrees-to-hear-certain-major-religious-freedom-cases-that-will-decide-whether-a-company-that-is-for-profit-including.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, U.S. Supreme Court_
5. [The Supreme Court of the United States upholds the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, including the requirement for citizens to acquire health care by 2014. ](/news/2012/06/28/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-upholds-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-including-the-requirement-for-citizens-to-acq.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, U.S. Supreme Court_
6. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act_
7. [The U.S. Supreme Court rules that the North Carolina state legislative members do not have standing to request an appeal of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit ruling against a law which barred unidentified voters from the ballot. ](/news/2017/05/15/the-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-the-north-carolina-state-legislative-members-do-not-have-standing-to-request-an-appeal-of-the-u-s-court-o.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
8. [Neil Gorsuch is confirmed as the 113th justice of the Supreme Court of the United States by a 54-45 vote in the United States Senate after invocation of the "nuclear option". ](/news/2017/04/7/neil-gorsuch-is-confirmed-as-the-113th-justice-of-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-by-a-54a45-vote-in-the-united-states-senate-after.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
9. [The Supreme Court of the United States refuses to vacate a stay of execution issued by the Arkansas Supreme Court. Arkansas's highest court has also put on hold the execution of another inmate, Bruce Ward. The state had planned to execute eight inmates in eleven days. That schedule, as well as the use of the drug midazolam, sparked a broad range of legal challenges and humanitarian concerns about the executions. Today's planned execution of Don W. Davis would have been the state's first since 2005. ](/news/2017/04/18/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-refuses-to-vacate-a-stay-of-execution-issued-by-the-arkansas-supreme-court-arkansas-s-highest-court.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
10. [U.S. President Donald Trump's lawyers tell a federal court, in a case alleging negligence and incitement to riot during a 2016 campaign rally in Louisville, Kentucky, that he is "immune from suit because he is President of the United States." A lawyer for the plaintiffs responds that, in ''Clinton v. Jones'', the Supreme Court found the president could be sued for events that occurred before he took office. ](/news/2017/04/15/u-s-president-donald-trump-s-lawyers-tell-a-federal-court-in-a-case-alleging-negligence-and-incitement-to-riot-during-a-2016-campaign-rall.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
