### [2012-09-2](/news/2012/09/2/index.md)

# A car bomb attack by unknown people near a Palestinian refugee camp in the Damascene suburb of Sbeineh ("Sabina") kills at least 15 people. AFP says rebels claim the capture of the village of Harem near Idlib on the Turkish border, after a 3-day siege; the government still keeps air supremacy. U.N. envoy Lakhdar Brahimi says it is both conflict parties' duty to try to reach peace. 

A car bomb blew up near a Palestinian refugee camp in a suburb of Damascus, killing at least 15 people, Syria&#39;s state news agency says.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/middleeast/2012/09/20129212533972856.html)
2. [Bloomberg via ''Business Week](http://www.businessweek.com/news/2012-09-01/syrian-forces-clash-with-rebels-near-airbases-as-fighting-rages)
3. [The Daily Star](http://www.dailystar.com.lb/News/Middle-East/2012/Sep-02/186422-syria-blast-in-damascus-suburb-kills-15.ashx#axzz25JVYcYgh)
4. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/world/2012-09/02/c_131822806.htm)
4. [Cover Image](http://www.dailystar.com.lb//dailystar/Pictures/2012/09/02/96576_img650x420_img650x420_crop.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Lakhdar Brahimi, the U.N. and Arab League special envoy for the Syrian civil war, arrives in Damascus; fighting goes on in the east of the capital. ](/news/2012/09/13/lakhdar-brahimi-the-u-n-and-arab-league-special-envoy-for-the-syrian-civil-war-arrives-in-damascus-fighting-goes-on-in-the-east-of-the-c.md) _Context: Damascus, Lakhdar Brahimi, United Nations_
2. [Syrian civil war: At least 19 people are killed across Syria in ongoing violence on Eid-ul-Fitr holiday. President Assad makes a public appearance, praying in Damascus. Lakhdar Brahimi accepts to become the new UN envoy. ](/news/2012/08/19/syrian-civil-war-at-least-19-people-are-killed-across-syria-in-ongoing-violence-on-eid-ul-fitr-holiday-president-assad-makes-a-public-appe.md) _Context: Damascus, Lakhdar Brahimi, United Nations_
3. [Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ceasefire-is-said-to.md) _Context: Turkey, United Nations_
4. [The first-ever United Nations humanitarian summit opens in Istanbul, Turkey, to address the 125-million people crisis, the worst since World War II. ](/news/2016/05/23/the-first-ever-united-nations-humanitarian-summit-opens-in-istanbul-turkey-to-address-the-125-million-people-crisis-the-worst-since-world.md) _Context: Turkey, United Nations_
5. [Turkey refuses to withdraw its forces from northern Iraq despite being given a 48 hour ultimatum by Iraq to leave the country. Turkey says the troops are there as part of an international mission to train and equip Iraqi forces to fight against the Islamic State. The Iraqi government says it never invited such a force, and will take its case to the United Nations if they are not pulled out. ](/news/2015/12/7/turkey-refuses-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-northern-iraq-despite-being-given-a-48-hour-ultimatum-by-iraq-to-leave-the-country-turkey-says-t.md) _Context: Turkey, United Nations_
6. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry meets in Vienna, Austria, with the foreign ministers of Turkey and Saudi Arabia, as well as the U.N. special envoy for Syria, ahead of Saturday's next round of international summits on the Syrian Civil War. The talks, aimed toward a cease-fire in Syria's devastating war and a political transition to a post-war government, will include senior officials from 19 nations/groups and, as in October, Iran will participate. ](/news/2015/11/13/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-in-vienna-austria-with-the-foreign-ministers-of-turkey-and-saudi-arabia-as-well-as-the-u-n-spec.md) _Context: Turkey, United Nations_
7. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saudi.md) _Context: Turkey, United Nations_
8. [A team of twenty UN weapons inspectors arrives in the capital, Damascus, to investigate the alleged use of chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2013/08/18/a-team-of-twenty-un-weapons-inspectors-arrives-in-the-capital-damascus-to-investigate-the-alleged-use-of-chemical-weapons-in-the-conflict.md) _Context: Damascus, United Nations_
9. [French freelance photographer Olivier Voisin, who was wounded near Idlib in January 2013, dies in Antakya, Turkey, after surgery. ](/news/2013/02/24/french-freelance-photographer-olivier-voisin-who-was-wounded-near-idlib-in-january-2013-dies-in-antakya-turkey-after-surgery.md) _Context: Idlib, Turkey_
10. [Rebels take over the city of Harem in Idlib Governorate on the border with Turkey, about 55 kms west of Aleppo. ](/news/2012/12/25/rebels-take-over-the-city-of-harem-in-idlib-governorate-on-the-border-with-turkey-about-55-kms-west-of-aleppo.md) _Context: Harem, Turkey_
