### [2012-09-2](/news/2012/09/2/index.md)

# Syrian civil war:. A car bomb attack by unknown people near a Palestinian refugee camp in the Damascene suburb of Sbeineh ("Sabina") kills at least 15 people. AFP says rebels claim the capture of the village of Harem near Idlib on the Turkish border, after a 3-day siege; the government still keeps air supremacy. U.N. envoy Lakhdar Brahimi says it is both conflict parties' duty to try to reach peace. 

A car bomb blew up near a Palestinian refugee camp in a suburb of Damascus, killing at least 15 people, Syria&#39;s state news agency says.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/middleeast/2012/09/20129212533972856.html)
2. [Bloomberg via ''Business Week](http://www.businessweek.com/news/2012-09-01/syrian-forces-clash-with-rebels-near-airbases-as-fighting-rages)
3. [The Daily Star](http://www.dailystar.com.lb/News/Middle-East/2012/Sep-02/186422-syria-blast-in-damascus-suburb-kills-15.ashx#axzz25JVYcYgh)
4. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/world/2012-09/02/c_131822806.htm)

### Related:

1. [Lakhdar Brahimi, the U.N. and Arab League special envoy for the Syrian civil war, arrives in Damascus; fighting goes on in the east of the capital. ](/news/2012/09/13/lakhdar-brahimi-the-u-n-and-arab-league-special-envoy-for-the-syrian-civil-war-arrives-in-damascus-fighting-goes-on-in-the-east-of-the-c.md) _Context: Damascus, Lakhdar Brahimi, Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
2. [Syrian civil war: At least 19 people are killed across Syria in ongoing violence on Eid-ul-Fitr holiday. President Assad makes a public appearance, praying in Damascus. Lakhdar Brahimi accepts to become the new UN envoy. ](/news/2012/08/19/syrian-civil-war-at-least-19-people-are-killed-across-syria-in-ongoing-violence-on-eid-ul-fitr-holiday-president-assad-makes-a-public-appe.md) _Context: Damascus, Lakhdar Brahimi, Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
3. [Syrian Civil War. Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/syrian-civil-war-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ce.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Turkey, United Nations_
4. [Vienna Conference on Syria. Syrian Civil War. Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/vienna-conference-on-syria-syrian-civil-war-iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-represen.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Turkey, United Nations_
5. [Syrian civil war. A team of twenty UN weapons inspectors arrives in the capital, Damascus, to investigate the alleged use of chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2013/08/18/syrian-civil-war-a-team-of-twenty-un-weapons-inspectors-arrives-in-the-capital-damascus-to-investigate-the-alleged-use-of-chemical-weapon.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
6. [Syrian civil war:. French freelance photographer Olivier Voisin, who was wounded near Idlib in January 2013, dies in Antakya, Turkey, after surgery. ](/news/2013/02/24/syrian-civil-war-french-freelance-photographer-olivier-voisin-who-was-wounded-near-idlib-in-january-2013-dies-in-antakya-turkey-after.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
7. [Syrian civil war:. Rebels take over the city of Harem in Idlib Governorate on the border with Turkey, about 55 kms west of Aleppo. ](/news/2012/12/25/syrian-civil-war-rebels-take-over-the-city-of-harem-in-idlib-governorate-on-the-border-with-turkey-about-55-kms-west-of-aleppo.md) _Context: Harem, Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
8. [Syrian civil war:. Opposition activists report at least 128 deaths around the country, as the UN-brokered ceasefire appears to collapse. The Syrian Army bombards three Damascus districts and the city of Bara near Idlib, killing at least 22 people. ](/news/2012/10/28/syrian-civil-war-opposition-activists-report-at-least-128-deaths-around-the-country-as-the-un-brokered-ceasefire-appears-to-collapse-the.md) _Context: Damascus, Idlib, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian civil war: UN and Arab League special envoy Lakhdar Brahimi meets with Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Muallem in Damascus in an attempt to push for a temporary ceasefire during next week's Eid al-Adha holiday. ](/news/2012/10/20/syrian-civil-war-un-and-arab-league-special-envoy-lakhdar-brahimi-meets-with-syrian-foreign-minister-walid-muallem-in-damascus-in-an-attemp.md) _Context: Damascus, Lakhdar Brahimi, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian civil war:. An online video appears to claim that the Free Syrian Army moved its headquarters from Turkey to "liberated areas" inside Syria; Reuters says in Idlib or Aleppo. ](/news/2012/09/22/syrian-civil-war-an-online-video-appears-to-claim-that-the-free-syrian-army-moved-its-headquarters-from-turkey-to-liberated-areas-inside.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
