### [2012-09-2](/news/2012/09/2/index.md)

# "The Washington Post" reports that U.S. special operations personnel temporarily halt the training of all Afghan army and police recruits while a full background check of 27,000 people is ongoing. 45 NATO troops have been killed this year in so-called green-on-blue attacks. 

Officials acknowledge that killings might have been prevented with proper enforcement of security measures.


### Source:

1. [ (''The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/asia_pacific/training-suspended-for-new-afghan-recruits/2012/09/01/adc4ed1c-f398-11e1-b74c-84ed55e0300b_story.html)
2. [AFP via ''Asia One](http://www.asiaone.com/News/Latest%2BNews/World/Story/A1Story20120902-369156.html)
2. [Cover Image](http://www.asiaone.com/A1MEDIA/news/09Sep12/20120902.191412_afp_afghangunstn.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ NATO and Afghan forces killed 94 Taliban fighters in intense overnight clashes in southern Afghanistan, the military alliance says. ](/news/2006/09/10/nato-and-afghan-forces-killed-94-taliban-fighters-in-intense-overnight-clashes-in-southern-afghanistan-the-military-alliance-says.md) _Context: Afghan National Army, Afghanistan, NATO_
2. [A U.S. special forces service member is killed while taking part in an operation against ISIL militants in Afghanistan's eastern Nangarhar Province. ](/news/2017/04/8/a-u-s-special-forces-service-member-is-killed-while-taking-part-in-an-operation-against-isil-militants-in-afghanistan-s-eastern-nangarhar-p.md) _Context: Afghanistan, special forces_
3. [The Afghan Minister of Defense, Abdullah Habibi and the Chief of Staff of the Afghan National Army, Qadam Shah Shahim, resign after a Taliban attack on Camp Shaheen near Mazar-i-Sharif that claimed over 140 lives. ](/news/2017/04/24/the-afghan-minister-of-defense-abdullah-habibi-and-the-chief-of-staff-of-the-afghan-national-army-qadam-shah-shahim-resign-after-a-taliba.md) _Context: Afghan National Army, Afghanistan_
4. [Taliban insurgents attack an Afghan military base in Mazar-e-Sharif, Balkh Province, killing more than 140 soldiers. It is said to be the deadliest attack of its kind ](/news/2017/04/21/taliban-insurgents-attack-an-afghan-military-base-in-mazar-e-sharif-balkh-province-killing-more-than-140-soldiers-it-is-said-to-be-the-de.md) _Context: Afghan National Army, Afghanistan_
5. [Russian Special Envoy to Afghanistan Zamir Kabulov denies allegations by NATO Commander Gen. Curtis Scaparrotti that Russia was "perhaps" supplying the Taliban. ](/news/2017/03/24/russian-special-envoy-to-afghanistan-zamir-kabulov-denies-allegations-by-nato-commander-gen-curtis-scaparrotti-that-russia-was-perhaps-su.md) _Context: Afghanistan, NATO_
6. [NATO members in Warsaw, Poland, agree to extend their mission in Afghanistan into 2017 and announced that they will continue to fund the Afghan Armed Forces to 2020. ](/news/2016/07/9/nato-members-in-warsaw-poland-agree-to-extend-their-mission-in-afghanistan-into-2017-and-announced-that-they-will-continue-to-fund-the-afg.md) _Context: Afghanistan, NATO_
7. [Afghan and Pakistani soldiers clash at the Torkham border crossing between the two countries, leaving one Afghan soldier and a Pakistani major killed. At least 22 other people were also injured. Tensions between Afghanistan and Pakistan have grown since the latter's attempts to build a gate at the crossing. ](/news/2016/06/14/afghan-and-pakistani-soldiers-clash-at-the-torkham-border-crossing-between-the-two-countries-leaving-one-afghan-soldier-and-a-pakistani-maj.md) _Context: Afghan National Army, Afghanistan_
8. [NATO foreign ministers, meeting at NATO headquarters in Brussels, Belgium, agree to extend the alliance's Resolute Support Mission, that trains, advises and assists Afghanistan's military beyond 2016. ](/news/2016/05/20/nato-foreign-ministers-meeting-at-nato-headquarters-in-brussels-belgium-agree-to-extend-the-alliance-s-resolute-support-mission-that-tra.md) _Context: Afghanistan, NATO_
9. [The United States says that last month's airstrikes in Kunduz hit three locations, mistakenly including the Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) (MSF) hospital where at least 30 were killed. Afghan commanders, whose forces were actively engaged with the Taliban, requested the attacks. "The Washington Post" reports a warehouse and a mansion in two densely populated residential areas were "pulverized" without loss of civilian lives. According to residents, earlier their neighborhoods had been conflict zones, but no militants were there the time of the attacks. "Together, the three attacks raise questions about the quality and reliability of the intelligence that Afghan security forces are providing to their American partners, as well as U.S. decisions to act on that intelligence," writes the Post. ](/news/2015/11/4/the-united-states-says-that-last-month-s-airstrikes-in-kunduz-hit-three-locations-mistakenly-including-the-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doct.md) _Context: Afghan National Army, Washington Post_
10. [In a friendly fire incident, a NATO air strike hits an Afghan National Army outpost in Logar Province, about 30 miles east of Kabul, with at least seven soldiers killed and five wounded. ](/news/2015/07/20/in-a-friendly-fire-incident-a-nato-air-strike-hits-an-afghan-national-army-outpost-in-logar-province-about-30-miles-east-of-kabul-with-at.md) _Context: Afghan National Army, NATO_
