### [2016-08-5](/news/2016/08/5/index.md)

# At least 10 people are killed by a pair of explosions in the Tsamkani District in the eastern Afghan province of Paktia. Spokesman Naqib Ahmad Atal says the Taliban are to blame. 

KABUL, Afghanistan (AP) — An Afghan official says at least 10 people have been killed in two explosions in the eastern province of Paktia. Naqib Ahmad Atal, spokesman for the provincial governor, says five members of one…


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/ab0f00840bb9489d8b3df9f581b046fb/afghan-official-10-civilians-killed-roadside-bombs)

### Related:

1. [Taliban insurgents attack an Afghan military base in Mazar-e-Sharif, Balkh Province, killing more than 140 soldiers. It is said to be the deadliest attack of its kind ](/news/2017/04/21/taliban-insurgents-attack-an-afghan-military-base-in-mazar-e-sharif-balkh-province-killing-more-than-140-soldiers-it-is-said-to-be-the-de.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
2. [The U.S. military warns that the Kabul Attack Network, comprised of fighters from various jihadist groups such as the Taliban and Haqqani networks, is planning attacks on people in the Parwan, Khost, Kabul, and Logar Provinces, Afghanistan, and asks for information from the Afghan public. ](/news/2016/04/27/the-u-s-military-warns-that-the-kabul-attack-network-comprised-of-fighters-from-various-jihadist-groups-such-as-the-taliban-and-haqqani-ne.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
3. ["The New York Times" reports the U.S. Navy covered up a Naval Criminal Investigative Service (NCIS) report on Afghan detainee abuses. The NCIS investigation found that Navy SEAL Team 2's abuse resulted in the death of a 24-year old married Afghan detainee with a new baby, and that the SEALs failed to restrain the Afghan Local Police's detainee abuses. This drove some previously cooperative Afghans to leave for Taliban-controlled areas, the "Times" reports. Their commander in Afghanistan recommended these men be forced out of the elite SEAL teams. Two of the SEALs and their lieutenant have since been promoted. Rachel E. VanLandingham, former United States Central Command's chief legal adviser on detainee and interrogation issues from 2006 to 2010, and other military lawyers, have called for the case to be reopened. ](/news/2015/12/17/the-new-york-times-reports-the-u-s-navy-covered-up-a-naval-criminal-investigative-service-ncis-report-on-afghan-detainee-abuses-the-nc.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
4. [The Taliban kill 20 policemen in an attack in Helmand, Afghanistan. ](/news/2015/06/13/the-taliban-kill-20-policemen-in-an-attack-in-helmand-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
5. [ The United States-led coalition kills 30 Taliban militants in fighting in western Afghanistan. ](/news/2008/08/22/the-united-states-led-coalition-kills-30-taliban-militants-in-fighting-in-western-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
6. [According to the Defense Ministry, between 26 and 30 military personnel are dead and over 80 Taliban militants have been either killed or wounded amid intense fighting at a military base in Kandahar Province. ](/news/2017/07/26/according-to-the-defense-ministry-between-26-and-30-military-personnel-are-dead-and-over-80-taliban-militants-have-been-either-killed-or-wo.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
7. [A car bomb outside a New Kabul Bank branch in Lashkargah, Helmand Province, kills at least 20 people. The Taliban claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/06/22/a-car-bomb-outside-a-new-kabul-bank-branch-in-lashkargah-helmand-province-kills-at-least-20-people-the-taliban-claims-responsibility.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
8. [A coordinated suicide bombing attack on a police station in the town of Gardez in Paktia Province results in dozens of people killed and injured. ](/news/2017/06/18/a-coordinated-suicide-bombing-attack-on-a-police-station-in-the-town-of-gardez-in-paktia-province-results-in-dozens-of-people-killed-and-inj.md) _Context: Paktia Province, War in Afghanistan_
9. [At least one Afghan is killed and seven American soldiers wounded in an "insider attack" at Camp Shaheen, in the northern city of Mazar-i-Sharif. An earlier report that Americans had been killed is incorrect. The Taliban claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/06/17/at-least-one-afghan-is-killed-and-seven-american-soldiers-wounded-in-an-insider-attack-at-camp-shaheen-in-the-northern-city-of-mazar-i-sh.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
10. [A terrorist attack, involving a blast and gunfire, occurs at a Shia mosque in Kabul, Afghanistan, killing several people. ](/news/2017/06/15/a-terrorist-attack-involving-a-blast-and-gunfire-occurs-at-a-shia-mosque-in-kabul-afghanistan-killing-several-people.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, War in Afghanistan_
