### [2001-11-12](/news/2001/11/12/index.md)

#  In New York City, American Airlines Flight 587 crashes minutes after takeoff from John F. Kennedy International Airport, killing all 260 on board.




### Related:

1. [Solar Impulse 2, a plane powered only by the sun, leaves New York on the 15th leg of its round-the-world journey,  a 90-hour flight over the Atlantic Ocean to Western Europe. ](/news/2016/06/20/solar-impulse-2-a-plane-powered-only-by-the-sun-leaves-new-york-on-the-15th-leg-of-its-round-the-world-journey-a-90-hour-flight-over-the.md) _Context: New York_
2. [A Turkish Airlines plane flying from New York City (U.S.) to Istanbul, Turkey, is diverted to Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada,  after authorities received information of a bomb threat. All 256 passengers and crew are safe. The  flight (Turkish Airlines TYH2/TK2) left JFK International Airport at 9 p.m. Saturday and landed just before 1 a.m. Sunday at Halifax Stanfield International Airport. The Royal Canadian Mounted Police is investigating. ](/news/2015/11/22/a-turkish-airlines-plane-flying-from-new-york-city-u-s-to-istanbul-turkey-is-diverted-to-halifax-nova-scotia-canada-after-authoriti.md) _Context: New York_
3. [Airport workers at seven of the busiest U.S. hubs plan to strike tonight and Thursday over wages and what they allege are threats against unionizing. The Service Employees International Union (SEIU) says some 2,000 plane cleaners, baggage handlers, and other workers will strike at New York City's Kennedy and LaGuardia airports, as well as Newark Liberty, Chicago O'Hare, Boston, Philadelphia, and Fort Lauderdale. ](/news/2015/11/18/airport-workers-at-seven-of-the-busiest-u-s-hubs-plan-to-strike-tonight-and-thursday-over-wages-and-what-they-allege-are-threats-against-un.md) _Context: New York_
4. [Dominique Strauss-Kahn, the head of the International Monetary Fund (IMF), is arrested at John F. Kennedy International Airport in the U.S. city of New York for alleged sexual assault. ](/news/2011/05/14/dominique-strauss-kahn-the-head-of-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-is-arrested-at-john-f-kennedy-international-airport-in-the-u-s.md) _Context: New York_
5. [A court in America sentences Abdel Nur of Guyana to 15 years imprisonment after charging him with participation in a plot to blow up fuel tanks at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York City. ](/news/2011/01/14/a-court-in-america-sentences-abdel-nur-of-guyana-to-15-years-imprisonment-after-charging-him-with-participation-in-a-plot-to-blow-up-fuel-ta.md) _Context: New York_
6. [Two men bound for Somalia to join an Islamic extremist group with links to Al-Qaeda are arrested at Kennedy International Airport, New York City, United States. ](/news/2010/06/6/two-men-bound-for-somalia-to-join-an-islamic-extremist-group-with-links-to-al-qaeda-are-arrested-at-kennedy-international-airport-new-york.md) _Context: New York_
7. [ An evacuation is made of the American Airlines terminal of JFK airport because of a suspicious package. The package was found at 10:20 AM local time, and bomb squad was sent to the scene. The package turned out to be carrying cologne, so the terminal was cleared and operations returned to normal within an hour. ](/news/2007/07/1/an-evacuation-is-made-of-the-american-airlines-terminal-of-jfk-airport-because-of-a-suspicious-package-the-package-was-found-at-10-20-am-l.md) _Context: New York_
8. [ Three suspects are arrested in relation to a terrorism plot involving John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York City, with a fourth suspect being sought. ](/news/2007/06/2/three-suspects-are-arrested-in-relation-to-a-terrorism-plot-involving-john-f-kennedy-international-airport-in-new-york-city-with-a-fourth.md) _Context: New York_
9. [ Venezuela's Foreign Minister Nicols Maduro is detained in John F. Kennedy International Airport for secondary screening. ](/news/2006/09/24/venezuela-s-foreign-minister-nicolas-maduro-is-detained-in-john-f-kennedy-international-airport-for-secondary-screening.md) _Context: New York_
10. [ An Aer Lingus flight from New York is evacuated at Shannon Airport following information about explosives on board the flight. ](/news/2006/08/25/an-aer-lingus-flight-from-new-york-is-evacuated-at-shannon-airport-following-information-about-explosives-on-board-the-flight.md) _Context: New York_
