### [2017-01-17](/news/2017/01/17/index.md)

# After much speculation British Prime Minister  Theresa May announces that the United Kingdom will be leaving the European Single Market. 

LONDON -- Theresa May just confirmed that...


### Source:

1. [Business Insider](http://www.businessinsider.com.au/theresa-may-brexit-speech-leaving-single-market-immigration-control-2017-1?r=UK&IR=T)

### Related:

1. [Theresa May, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, announces March 2017 as the deadline for triggering Article 50 and says that her government will introduce a "Great Repeal Bill" that will repeal the European Communities Act 1972 once the United Kingdom leaves the European Union. ](/news/2016/10/2/theresa-may-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-announces-march-2017-as-the-deadline-for-triggering-article-50-and-says-that-her-gove.md) _Context: Aftermath of the United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016, Prime Minster, Theresa May, United Kingdom_
2. [British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held-on-the-8th-of-june-a-two-thirds-major.md) _Context: Prime Minster, Theresa May, United Kingdom_
3. [British Prime Minister Theresa May signs a letter invoking Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union. Its notification to the European Council tomorrow will formally begin the UK's withdrawal from the European Union. ](/news/2017/03/28/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-signs-a-letter-invoking-article-50-of-the-treaty-on-european-union-its-notification-to-the-european-coun.md) _Context: Prime Minster, Theresa May, United Kingdom_
4. [British Prime Minister Theresa May says the House of Commons must accept Brexit. ](/news/2016/11/6/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-says-the-house-of-commons-must-accept-brexit.md) _Context: Aftermath of the United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016, Prime Minster, Theresa May_
5. [President of the European Council Donald Tusk states that the UK could begin its formal process of withdrawing from the European Union early next year, after a meeting with Prime Minister Theresa May last week. ](/news/2016/09/17/president-of-the-european-council-donald-tusk-states-that-the-uk-could-begin-its-formal-process-of-withdrawing-from-the-european-union-early.md) _Context: Aftermath of the United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016, Prime Minster, Theresa May_
6. [British Prime Minister Theresa May announces that her government will trigger article 50, which begins the process of withdrawing from the European Union, on March 29. ](/news/2017/03/20/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-announces-that-her-government-will-trigger-article-50-which-begins-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-the-e.md) _Context: Prime Minster, Theresa May_
7. [UK Prime Minister Theresa May and Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan sign a PS100 million defense deal to build new fighter jets. Under the deal, BAE Systems will collaborate with Turkish companies to build the TAI TFX. ](/news/2017/01/28/uk-prime-minister-theresa-may-and-turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-sign-a-aps100-million-defense-deal-to-build-new-fighter-jets-under.md) _Context: Prime Minster, Theresa May_
8. [British Prime Minister  Theresa May meets with U.S. President Donald Trump at the White House in Washington, D.C.. This is the first visit by a foreign leader since Trump's inauguration last Friday. ](/news/2017/01/27/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-meets-with-u-s-president-donald-trump-at-the-white-house-in-washington-d-c-this-is-the-first-visit-b.md) _Context: Prime Minster, Theresa May_
9. [Conservative Party members of parliament vote in a second ballot to choose the next leader of the party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron. The Home Secretary Theresa May secured the highest number votes with 199, while Department of Energy and Climate Change minister Andrea Leadsom received the second highest amount, with 84. The Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove received just 46 votes and is eliminated from the race, meaning a run-off contest will now take place between May and Leadsom, with the result to be announced on September 9. ](/news/2016/07/7/conservative-party-members-of-parliament-vote-in-a-second-ballot-to-choose-the-next-leader-of-the-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-minister-d.md) _Context: Prime Minster, Theresa May_
10. [A report about the United Kingdom's involvement in the Iraq War is released. The chairman of the inquiry, Sir John Chilcot, said that the invasion was not a "last resort" and was based on "flawed intelligence and assessments". The inquiry was announced on 15 June 2009 by then-Prime Minister Gordon Brown.  The final hearing was held on 2 February 2011. ](/news/2016/07/6/a-report-about-the-united-kingdom-s-involvement-in-the-iraq-war-is-released-the-chairman-of-the-inquiry-sir-john-chilcot-said-that-the-in.md) _Context: Prime Minster, United Kingdom_
