### [2017-01-17](/news/2017/01/17/index.md)

# Germany-United States relations. Deutsche Bank agrees to a $7.2 billion settlement with the U.S. Department of Justice over its sale and pooling of toxic mortgage securities in the years leading up to the 2008 financial crisis. 

Deutsche Bank (DBKGn.DE) has agreed to a $7.2 billion settlement with the U.S. Department of Justice over its sale and pooling of toxic mortgage securities in the run-up to the 2008 financial crisis.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-deutsche-bank-mortgages-settlement-idUSKBN14C041)

### Related:

1. [The Obama administration through the U.S. Department of Justice announces that they will file criminal contempt of court charges against Maricopa County, Arizona sheriff Joe Arpaio for violating a judge's order to stop immigration patrols that led to a court finding of racial profiling. The charges carry a maximum penalty of six months in jail. ](/news/2016/10/11/the-obama-administration-through-the-u-s-department-of-justice-announces-that-they-will-file-criminal-contempt-of-court-charges-against-mar.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice_
2. [The Obama administration through the United States Department of Justice lowers the fine against Germany's Deutsche Bank to a settlement of US$5.4 billion after being handed a demand for up to $14 billion earlier this month over the sale of toxic mortgage bonds. ](/news/2016/09/30/the-obama-administration-through-the-united-states-department-of-justice-lowers-the-fine-against-germany-s-deutsche-bank-to-a-settlement-of.md) _Context: Deutsche Bank_
3. [The Obama administration through the U.S. Justice Department seeks a fine of $14 billion against Deutsche Bank in regards to mortgage securities. ](/news/2016/09/15/the-obama-administration-through-the-u-s-justice-department-seeks-a-fine-of-14-billion-against-deutsche-bank-in-regards-to-mortgage-securi.md) _Context: Deutsche Bank_
4. [2008 financial crisis. Goldman Sachs agrees to pay $5.06 billion to settle allegations that it sold packages of shoddy mortgages prior to the global financial crisis.. The U.S. Justice Department settlement includes a $2.385 billion civil penalty, and $1.8 billion for distressed borrowers and communities affected by the housing crisis. ](/news/2016/04/11/2008-financial-crisis-goldman-sachs-agrees-to-pay-5-06-billion-to-settle-allegations-that-it-sold-packages-of-shoddy-mortgages-prior-to-th.md) _Context: 2008 financial crisis_
5. [Libor scandal. Deutsche Bank pays $2.5 billion to settle an investigation by the United States and the United Kingdom related to manipulation of the Libor or London Interbank Offered Rate. It will also plead guilty in a US court case. ](/news/2015/04/23/libor-scandal-deutsche-bank-pays-2-5-billion-to-settle-an-investigation-by-the-united-states-and-the-united-kingdom-related-to-manipulatio.md) _Context: Deutsche Bank_
6. [Standard & Poor's reaches settlements totaling $1.5 billion with the U.S. Justice Department and several U.S. states for inflating ratings on subprime mortgage bonds in the lead-up to the 2008 financial crisis. ](/news/2015/02/3/standard-poor-s-reaches-settlements-totaling-1-5-billion-with-the-u-s-justice-department-and-several-u-s-states-for-inflating-ratings-o.md) _Context: 2008 financial crisis_
7. [The US CFTC fines Deutsche Bank $3 million over customer fund flaws. ](/news/2014/12/22/the-us-cftc-fines-deutsche-bank-3-million-over-customer-fund-flaws.md) _Context: Deutsche Bank_
8. [Global surveillance disclosures. A 31-year-old male employee of Germany's intelligence service BND is arrested on suspicions of spying for the United States. The employee is suspected of spying on a German parliamentary committee investigating U.S. espionage. ](/news/2014/07/3/global-surveillance-disclosures-a-31-year-old-male-employee-of-germany-s-intelligence-service-bnd-is-arrested-on-suspicions-of-spying-for-t.md) _Context: Germany-United States relations_
9. [German global financial services company Deutsche Bank announces plans to cut 1,900 jobs. ](/news/2012/07/31/german-global-financial-services-company-deutsche-bank-announces-plans-to-cut-1-900-jobs.md) _Context: Deutsche Bank_
10. [Moody's downgrades the credit rating of 15 major world banks: UK (The Royal Bank of Scotland, Barclays and HSBC), US (Bank of America, Citigroup, Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan), Rest of world (Credit Suisse, UBS, BNP Paribas, Credit Agricole, Societe Generale, Deutsche Bank, Royal Bank of Canada and Morgan Stanley). ](/news/2012/06/21/moody-s-downgrades-the-credit-rating-of-15-major-world-banks-uk-the-royal-bank-of-scotland-barclays-and-hsbc-us-bank-of-america-citig.md) _Context: Deutsche Bank_
