### [2014-11-23](/news/2014/11/23/index.md)

# Islamist insurgency in Nigeria:: Boko Haram militants kill 48 fish traders near the border with Chad. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-30167886)

### Related:

1. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria: Three suicide bombers at Lake Chad kill at least 30 people and injure at least 80 others. Three women carried out the attack at a weekly market on an island on the Chadian side of the lake. No group claims responsibility; officials suspect the attacks were carried out by members of the Boko Haram militant group from neighboring Nigeria. ](/news/2015/12/5/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-three-suicide-bombers-at-lake-chad-kill-at-least-30-people-and-injure-at-least-80-others-three-women-carrie.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Chad, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria_
2. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria:: Following the January 16 Chad authorities decision to send troops to Nigeria and Cameroon to fight Boko Haram militants, the Russian ambassador to the country pledges to supply Cameroon with more modern weapons to combat the Islamist insurgents. ](/news/2015/01/17/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-following-the-january-16-chad-authorities-decision-to-send-troops-to-nigeria-and-cameroon-to-fight-boko-har.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Chad, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria_
3. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria:: Chadian troops rescue 85 hostages from Boko Haram who had been kidnapped in Nigeria and taken over the border into Chad. ](/news/2014/08/17/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-chadian-troops-rescue-85-hostages-from-boko-haram-who-had-been-kidnapped-in-nigeria-and-taken-over-the-bord.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Chad, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria_
4. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria: More than 1 million children have been forced out of school as a result of Boko Haram terrorism in northeastern Nigeria and its neighboring countries, which leaves the children more susceptible to violence, poverty and child marriage, Manuel Fontaine, UNICEF-s West and Central Africa regional director, said in a statement. ](/news/2015/12/22/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-more-than-1-million-children-have-been-forced-out-of-school-as-a-result-of-boko-haram-terrorism-in-northeast.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria_
5. [2015 West African offensive: Islamist insurgency in Nigeria: Cameroon-s army, backed by a regional taskforce, has killed at least 100 members of the militant Islamist Boko Haram group and freed 900 people it had held hostage, the west African country-s defence ministry has said. Regional taskforce conducts sweep along border with Nigeria. ](/news/2015/12/2/2015-west-african-offensive-islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-cameroon-s-army-backed-by-a-regional-taskforce-has-killed-at-least-100-memb.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria_
6. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria: At least 30 people are killed after Boko Haram militants attack three villages in Nigeria's northeast Borno state. ](/news/2015/12/15/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-at-least-30-people-are-killed-after-boko-haram-militants-attack-three-villages-in-nigeria-s-northeast-borno.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria_
7. [Boko Haram insurgency: A Boko Haram attack near Lake Chad kills at least 11 Chadian troops while 17 Boko Haram militants are also reportedly killed in the fighting following the pre-dawn strike on Chadian army positions. ](/news/2015/10/6/boko-haram-insurgency-a-boko-haram-attack-near-lake-chad-kills-at-least-11-chadian-troops-while-17-boko-haram-militants-are-also-reportedly.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Chad_
8. [Boko Haram insurgency: Five suicide bombers target a village in Chad that is home to thousands of Nigerian refugees who have fled Boko Haram, killing at least 36 people. ](/news/2015/10/10/boko-haram-insurgency-five-suicide-bombers-target-a-village-in-chad-that-is-home-to-thousands-of-nigerian-refugees-who-have-fled-boko-haram.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Chad_
9. [Boko Haram insurgency: Timeline of Boko Haram insurgency: Suspected militants from the Nigerian Islamist group Boko Haram killed 26 people in attacks on two villages on Lake Chad, Chad. ](/news/2015/07/8/boko-haram-insurgency-timeline-of-boko-haram-insurgency-suspected-militants-from-the-nigerian-islamist-group-boko-haram-killed-26-people-i.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Chad_
10. [West African offensive: The Chadian Air Force carries out airstrikes against bases of Boko Haram in neighbouring Nigeria to avenge twin bombings in Chad's capital N'Djamena three days ago. ](/news/2015/06/18/west-african-offensive-the-chadian-air-force-carries-out-airstrikes-against-bases-of-boko-haram-in-neighbouring-nigeria-to-avenge-twin-bomb.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Chad_
