### [2010-07-4](/news/2010/07/4/index.md)

# Japan's competitive eating champion Takeru "Tsunami" Kobayashi is arrested after disrupting the Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest in New York City, United States. 




### Source:

1. [The Sydney Morning Herald](http://news.smh.com.au/breaking-news-world/japanese-eating-champ-arrested-in-ny-20100705-zw3o.html)

### Related:

1. [North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-eastern-waters-in-the-direction-of-japan-accordi.md) _Context: Japan, United States_
2. [Over 50,000 people protest in Okinawa capital Naha against U.S. military presence on the Japanese island, spurred on by last month's arrest of an U.S. Marine veteran, civilian contractor for  the rape and killing of a 20-year-old local woman. ](/news/2016/06/19/over-50-000-people-protest-in-okinawa-capital-naha-against-u-s-military-presence-on-the-japanese-island-spurred-on-by-last-month-s-arrest.md) _Context: Japan, United States_
3. [Amid growing concern about North Korea's ballistic missile capability, South Korea, Japan and the U.S. are to hold their first ever joint anti-missile exercise next month, according to South Korea's Ministry of National Defense. The three countries will practice "detecting and tracing a hypothetical North Korean missile," said a ministry official. ](/news/2016/05/17/amid-growing-concern-about-north-korea-s-ballistic-missile-capability-south-korea-japan-and-the-u-s-are-to-hold-their-first-ever-joint-an.md) _Context: Japan, United States_
4. [A group of United States mayors forms ''"Mayors Against Discrimination"'' in the wake of  recent discriminatory laws enacted  in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminatory-laws-enacted-in-north-carol.md) _Context: New York's, United States_
5. [Two people are killed and 35 injured when a United States Amtrak passenger train on the Palmetto route traveling from New York City to Savannah, Georgia, with 341 passengers and seven crew on board, derails in Chester, Pennsylvania, after striking a backhoe that was on the track. Local media reports the deceased are veteran Amtrak workers. Area hospitals are treating the injured; none in life-threatening condition. ](/news/2016/04/3/two-people-are-killed-and-35-injured-when-a-united-states-amtrak-passenger-train-on-the-palmetto-route-traveling-from-new-york-city-to-savan.md) _Context: New York's, United States_
6. [A group of mayors and officials from American cities such as Philadelphia and New York City say that if they had their way Donald Trump would be banned from their cities for his comments on Muslims. ](/news/2015/12/9/a-group-of-mayors-and-officials-from-american-cities-such-as-philadelphia-and-new-york-city-say-that-if-they-had-their-way-donald-trump-woul.md) _Context: New York's, United States_
7. [United States federal prosecutors in New York City arrest Martin Shkreli on securities fraud charges for allegedly plundering for personal gain Retrophin, a biopharmaceutical company he ran as CEO from 2012 to 2014. ](/news/2015/12/17/united-states-federal-prosecutors-in-new-york-city-arrest-martin-shkreli-on-securities-fraud-charges-for-allegedly-plundering-for-personal-g.md) _Context: New York's, United States_
8. [Japan's prime minister Shinzo Abe says he is considering sending Japanese Navy warships to the South China Sea to back-up U.S. naval operations, saying, "With regard to activity by the Self-Defense Forces in the South China Sea, I will consider it while focusing on what effect the situation has on Japan's security." In response, China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesperson, Hong Lei, told Chinese state media that China will remain on "high alert for intervention by Japan in the South China Sea issue". ](/news/2015/11/21/japan-s-prime-minister-shinza-abe-says-he-is-considering-sending-japanese-navy-warships-to-the-south-china-sea-to-back-up-u-s-naval-operat.md) _Context: Japan, United States_
9. [Two nephews of  Venezuelan First Lady Cilia Flores, who were arrested in Haiti by U.S. authorities on Tuesday, are indicted in New York for conspiring to smuggle cocaine into the United States. ](/news/2015/11/12/two-nephews-of-venezuelan-first-lady-cilia-flores-who-were-arrested-in-haiti-by-u-s-authorities-on-tuesday-are-indicted-in-new-york-for.md) _Context: New York's, United States_
10. [Representatives from the United States, Japan and South Korea meet in Seoul on how to respond to North Korea's nuclear weapons program. ](/news/2015/05/27/representatives-from-the-united-states-japan-and-south-korea-meet-in-seoul-on-how-to-respond-to-north-korea-s-nuclear-weapons-program.md) _Context: Japan, United States_
