### [2008-08-5](/news/2008/08/5/index.md)

#  U.S. President George W. Bush, on his way to Beijing to attend the Olympics, stops in South Korea and Thailand. 

President Bush embarks Monday on his last venture as president to the Far East, a trip built around the Olympic Games in Beijing. The president will stop en route at an Alaskan Air Force base to speak to military personnel and get his plane refueled.


### Source:

1. [FOX News](http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,396761,00.html)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.foxnews.com/content/dam/fox-news/logo/og-fn-foxnews.jpg)

### Related:

1. [50-year-old Chinese journalist Li Junqi is imprisoned for 16 years after accepting bribes for his part in a mass three-month cover-up of a coal mine disaster in Hebei in which 35 people, including a rescue worker, were killed prior to the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. ](/news/2010/01/6/50-year-old-chinese-journalist-li-junqi-is-imprisoned-for-16-years-after-accepting-bribes-for-his-part-in-a-mass-three-month-cover-up-of-a-c.md) _Context: 2008 Summer Olympics, Beijing_
2. [ Beijing introduces traffic restrictions and factory closures in an effort to reduce air pollution for the 2008 Summer Olympics. ](/news/2008/07/20/beijing-introduces-traffic-restrictions-and-factory-closures-in-an-effort-to-reduce-air-pollution-for-the-2008-summer-olympics.md) _Context: 2008 Summer Olympics, Beijing_
3. [ Chinese restaurants in Beijing are told not to serve dog meat during 2008 Summer Olympics, but can continue to serve Donkey meat ](/news/2008/07/11/chinese-restaurants-in-beijing-are-told-not-to-serve-dog-meat-during-2008-summer-olympics-but-can-continue-to-serve-donkey-meat.md) _Context: 2008 Summer Olympics, Beijing_
4. [ French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner says the EU should consider punishing China's crackdown in Tibet with a boycott of the opening ceremony of the Olympic Games in Beijing. ](/news/2008/03/18/french-foreign-minister-bernard-kouchner-says-the-eu-should-consider-punishing-china-s-crackdown-in-tibet-with-a-boycott-of-the-opening-cer.md) _Context: 2008 Summer Olympics, Beijing_
5. [ Delegates arrive in Beijing for the resumption of six party talks on Wednesday involving North Korea, South Korea, China, Russia, Japan and the United States to discuss the second phase of a deal on North Korean nuclear disarmament. ](/news/2007/07/17/delegates-arrive-in-beijing-for-the-resumption-of-six-party-talks-on-wednesday-involving-north-korea-south-korea-china-russia-japan-and.md) _Context: Beijing, South Korea_
6. [ Leaders of Pacific-rim nations gather in Bangkok ahead of the 11th Asian Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) conference. President George W. Bush arrives in Thailand ahead of an APEC summit of 21 Asia-Pacific government leaders which is likely to be dominated by discussions of the War on Terrorism and trade friction between rich and poor nations (trade and currency).](/news/2003/10/18/leaders-of-pacific-rim-nations-gather-in-bangkok-ahead-of-the-11th-asian-pacific-economic-cooperation-apec-conference-president-george-w.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Thailand_
7. [ A Bush administration official announces that the United States, People's Republic of China, and North Korea will meet in Beijing from April 23 to April 24 to discuss North Korea's suspected nuclear weapons program. The United States had refused bilateral discussions with North Korea since October 2002, insisting on multinational talks. The United States will be represented by Assistant Secretary of State James Kelly.](/news/2003/04/16/a-bush-administration-official-announces-that-the-united-states-people-s-republic-of-china-and-north-korea-will-meet-in-beijing-from-apri.md) _Context: Beijing, George W. Bush_
8. [ The International Olympic Committee session in Moscow, Russia. Beijing wins the bid as the host city for the 2008 Summer Olympics.](/news/2001/07/13/the-international-olympic-committee-session-in-moscow-russia-beijing-wins-the-bid-as-the-host-city-for-the-2008-summer-olympics.md) _Context: 2008 Summer Olympics, Beijing_
9. [Amid tensions from South Korea, U.S. President Donald Trump announces that he is "allowing Japan and South Korea to buy a substantially increased amount of highly sophisticated military equipment from the United States." ](/news/2017/09/5/amid-tensions-from-south-korea-u-s-president-donald-trump-announces-that-he-is-allowing-japan-and-south-korea-to-buy-a-substantially-incr.md) _Context: South Korea_
10. [Thailand's Ministry of Foreign Affairs says it is "closely following the situation" in Rakhine State and offers aid for the governments of Myanmar and Bangladesh. ](/news/2017/09/30/thailand-s-ministry-of-foreign-affairs-says-it-is-closely-following-the-situation-in-rakhine-state-and-offers-aid-for-the-governments-of-m.md) _Context: Thailand_
