### [2010-06-20](/news/2010/06/20/index.md)

# In Poland, presidential elections take place after the death of President Lech Kaczynski on April 10, 2010 in a plane crash. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5gRR-2c1nm_b7JiuYNzibdYbTi7OQD9GC8PJO0)
2. [AP](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5ir8JleEyG0Yo_1nhoC5R225rcGjAD9GF5I7O3)

### Related:

1. [A Polish report into the 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash that killed President Lech Kaczynski blames the Polish crew and Russian air traffic controllers for the accident. ](/news/2011/07/29/a-polish-report-into-the-2010-polish-air-force-tu-154-crash-that-killed-president-lech-kaczyaski-blames-the-polish-crew-and-russian-air-tra.md) _Context: 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash, Lech Kaczynski, Polish, President_
2. [The Polish presidential election is being held earlier, following the death of Polish President Lech Kaczynski in a plane crash on 10 April 2010 near Smolensk. The two front-runners are Bronislaw Komorowski from the ruling center-right Civic Platform (Platforma Obywatelska) party and Jaroslaw Kaczynski from the right-wing Law and Justice (Prawo i Sprawiedliwosc) party. ](/news/2010/06/18/the-polish-presidential-election-is-being-held-earlier-following-the-death-of-polish-president-lech-kaczyaski-in-a-plane-crash-on-10-april.md) _Context: 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash, Lech Kaczynski, Polish presidential election, 2010, the death_
3. [Poland announces the date of its presidential election &mdash; June 20 &mdash; to elect plane crash victim Lech Kaczynski's successor. ](/news/2010/04/21/poland-announces-the-date-of-its-presidential-election-mdash-june-20-mdash-to-elect-plane-crash-victim-lech-kaczyaski-s-successor.md) _Context: 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash, Lech Kaczynski, Polish, Polish presidential election, 2010_
4. [Aftermath of 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash:Polish President Lech Kaczynski lies in state in Warsaw as Russia marks a day of mourning and Poland appoints an acting head of the central bank to replace the one killed in Saturday's air disaster near Smolensk. ](/news/2010/04/12/aftermath-of-2010-polish-air-force-tu-154-crash-ppolish-president-lech-kaczyaski-lies-in-state-in-warsaw-as-russia-marks-a-day-of-mourning.md) _Context: 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash, Lech Kaczynski, Polish, President_
5. [Aftermath of 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash:The body of President Lech Kaczynski, who was killed in yesterday's plane crash just north of Smolensk, Russia, is flown back to Poland. ](/news/2010/04/11/aftermath-of-2010-polish-air-force-tu-154-crash-pthe-body-of-president-lech-kaczyaski-who-was-killed-in-yesterday-s-plane-crash-just-north.md) _Context: 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash, Lech Kaczynski, Polish, President_
6. [The body of Poland's First Lady, Maria Kaczynska, is flown to Warsaw to lie in state alongside that of her husband, President Lech Kaczynski. Poland has seen an outpouring of grief since the couple and scores of other senior Polish officials died in a plane crash in western Russia on Saturday. ](/news/2010/04/13/the-body-of-poland-s-first-lady-maria-kaczyaska-is-flown-to-warsaw-to-lie-in-state-alongside-that-of-her-husband-president-lech-kaczyas.md) _Context: 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash, Lech Kaczynski, Polish_
7. [ Pressure increases on the Czech and Polish nations to approve the Treaty of Lisbon; Polish President Lech Kaczynski is expected to sign it following the second Irish referendum but Czech President Vaclav Klaus continues to decline. ](/news/2009/10/4/pressure-increases-on-the-czech-and-polish-nations-to-approve-the-treaty-of-lisbon-polish-president-lech-kaczyaski-is-expected-to-sign-it.md) _Context: Lech Kaczynski, Polish, President_
8. [ Lech Kaczynski, the President of Poland, announces three days of national mourning for the twenty-three victims of the mining disaster at the Halemba mine in Ruda Slaska, Poland. ](/news/2006/11/23/lech-kaczyaski-the-president-of-poland-announces-three-days-of-national-mourning-for-the-twenty-three-victims-of-the-mining-disaster-at.md) _Context: Lech Kaczynski, Polish, President_
9. [ Lech Kaczynski was sworn in as President of the Republic of Poland. ](/news/2005/12/23/lech-kaczyaski-was-sworn-in-as-president-of-the-republic-of-poland.md) _Context: Lech Kaczynski, Polish, President_
10. [Poles march against a bill that critics say might decrease judicial independence in Poland. Hungary has supported the bill while the European Union has opposed it. The protesters hope that the President Andrzej Duda would intervene against the proposed law. ](/news/2017/07/22/poles-march-against-a-bill-that-critics-say-might-decrease-judicial-independence-in-poland-hungary-has-supported-the-bill-while-the-europea.md) _Context: Polish, President_
