### [2004-11-10](/news/2004/11/10/index.md)

#  Global warming is accelerating rapidly in the Arctic, according to 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&cid=624&ncid=624&e=1&u=/ap/20041108/ap_on_sc/arctic_warming_1)
2. [Arctic Climate Impact Assessment](http://www.acia.uaf.edu/)

### Related:

1. [ Inuit leaders want to sue the U.S. government at the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights for causing global warming. They view the melting of the polar icecap in the Arctic as a threat to their existence as a people, an assault on their basic human rights. The announcement is expected today in Buenos Aires at the 10th round of international talks on climate change. ](/news/2004/12/16/inuit-leaders-want-to-sue-the-u-s-government-at-the-inter-american-commission-on-human-rights-for-causing-global-warming-they-view-the-me.md) _Context: Arctic, global warming_
2. [The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency announces, effective in 2019, it will no longer sponsor the Climate Leadership Awards program that honors voluntary corporate actions to combat global warming. ](/news/2017/08/25/the-u-s-environmental-protection-agency-announces-effective-in-2019-it-will-no-longer-sponsor-the-climate-leadership-awards-program-that.md) _Context: global warming_
3. [A temperature of 53.7degC (128.7degF) is recorded during the 2017 heat wave in Ahvaz, Khuzestan Province, breaking Iran's previous record and becoming one of the highest temperatures ever recorded on Earth. ](/news/2017/06/30/a-temperature-of-53-7adegc-128-7adegf-is-recorded-during-the-2017-heat-wave-in-ahvaz-khuzestan-province-breaking-iran-s-previous-record-and.md) _Context: global warming_
4. [A report from the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine states climate science progress makes it possible to accurately detect global warming's fingerprints on certain extreme weather events. There is "high confidence" in studies looking for climate change connections between extreme hot and cold temperatures, while efforts trying to attribute droughts and extreme rainfall has medium confidence. ](/news/2016/03/11/a-report-from-the-national-academies-of-sciences-engineering-and-medicine-states-climate-science-progress-makes-it-possible-to-accurately.md) _Context: global warming_
5. [The freak weather system responsible for heavy rain and tornadoes in the U.S., and high winds and rainfall in the British Isles, also has impacted the Arctic where the average winter temperature is normally around -20 F. Temperatures around the North Pole have surpassed the 32 F threshold for a brief moment, according to the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's Ocean Prediction Center, which is 50 F-change higher than usual for December. ](/news/2015/12/30/the-freak-weather-system-responsible-for-heavy-rain-and-tornadoes-in-the-u-s-and-high-winds-and-rainfall-in-the-british-isles-also-has-im.md) _Context: Arctic_
6. [An avalanche in Svalbard, a Norwegian Arctic archipelago, kills one and injures nine others as the snow smashes into 10 houses in Longyearbyen. The deluge from Sukkertoppen mountain follows Friday's 60 mph storm that ripped off a school roof and temporarily closed the airport. Dozens of homes at the foot of the mountain were evacuated and all of the area's residents have been located, according to Tone Hertzberg, a spokeswoman for Svalbard's governor. Experts from Norges Geotekniske Institutt are examining nearby slopes. ](/news/2015/12/20/an-avalanche-in-svalbard-a-norwegian-arctic-archipelago-kills-one-and-injures-nine-others-as-the-snow-smashes-into-10-houses-in-longyearby.md) _Context: Arctic_
7. [A Russian Airborne Troops spokesman says the VDV is planning to expand their military exercises into the North Pole area of the Arctic in 2016. ](/news/2015/11/30/a-russian-airborne-troops-spokesman-says-the-vdv-is-planning-to-expand-their-military-exercises-into-the-north-pole-area-of-the-arctic-in-20.md) _Context: Arctic_
8. [French national public television broadcaster France Televisions fires France 2 TV channel's weatherman Philippe Verdier, who has been suspended since mid-October. Verdier, known as "Monsieur Meteo" (Mr Weather), has been promoting his recently published book, "Climat Investigation" (Climate Investigation), in which he throws doubt on the global warning findings of leading climate scientists and political leaders. France Televisions said its rules, "prevent anyone using their professional status ... to push forward their personal opinions." ](/news/2015/11/2/french-national-public-television-broadcaster-france-ta-c-la-c-visions-fires-france-2-tv-channel-s-weatherman-philippe-verdier-who-has-been-sus.md) _Context: global warming_
9. [A new study by scientists finds that areas around the Persian Gulf could become uninhabitable to humans in less than 100 years due to rising temperatures. ](/news/2015/10/26/a-new-study-by-scientists-finds-that-areas-around-the-persian-gulf-could-become-uninhabitable-to-humans-in-less-than-100-years-due-to-rising.md) _Context: global warming_
10. [The United States cancels two potential Arctic lease sales off Alaska's northern coast, and announces Shell and Statoil current leases will not be extended because of "current market conditions and low industry interest." ](/news/2015/10/17/the-united-states-cancels-two-potential-arctic-lease-sales-off-alaska-s-northern-coast-and-announces-shell-and-statoil-current-leases-will.md) _Context: Arctic_
