### [2004-11-10](/news/2004/11/10/index.md)

#  Israel Defense Forces repel an al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigades attack on Netzarim in the Gaza Strip killing three Palestinians. In Hebron, one Palestinian, among a group of 400 throwing cement bricks at Jewish cars, is killed when Israeli soldiers open fire.




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml;jsessionid=B2QIMXIA0YRY4CRBAEKSFFA?type=worldNews&storyID=6787281&section=news)

### Related:

1. [Three Palestinians are killed by Israeli forces, two in Hebron, one of whom reportedly tried to ram his car into soldiers and the other during a violent demonstration in the West Bank city. A third Palestinian died in clashes with Israeli troops at the border fence between the Gaza Strip and Israel. ](/news/2015/12/11/three-palestinians-are-killed-by-israeli-forces-two-in-hebron-one-of-whom-reportedly-tried-to-ram-his-car-into-soldiers-and-the-other-duri.md) _Context: Gaza, Hebron, Israel Defense Forces, Palestinians_
2. [Following last month's manslaughter conviction, Israeli soldier Elor Azaria is sentenced to 18 months in prison by a military court for, during a violent incident, his deadly shooting of the wounded, unarmed, prone Palestinian Abdel Fattah al-Sharif, who had stabbed a soldier last March in Hebron. ](/news/2017/02/21/following-last-month-s-manslaughter-conviction-israeli-soldier-elor-azaria-is-sentenced-to-18-months-in-prison-by-a-military-court-for-dur.md) _Context: Hebron, Israel Defense Forces, Palestinians_
3. [One Palestinian is killed and three Israeli soldiers injured in two attacks in the West Bank. According to the Israeli army, the Palestinian was shot dead after attempting to stab soldiers at a military checkpoint near the Beit Einun village in Hebron. In a second incident in the same area, a driver rammed and injured three Israeli paramilitary border policemen with his car before fleeing the scene. None of the three were injured seriously. ](/news/2015/11/1/one-palestinian-is-killed-and-three-israeli-soldiers-injured-in-two-attacks-in-the-west-bank-according-to-the-israeli-army-the-palestinian.md) _Context: Hebron, Israel Defense Forces, Palestinians_
4. [Violence continues while talks persist looking for a peaceful resolution. A 16-year old Palestinian is shot dead after he tried to stab an Israeli security guard at a West Bank border crossing. A 25-year old Palestinian protester died of wounds suffered last week when he was shot by Israeli troops during a border clash near the Gazan town of Khan Yunis. ](/news/2015/10/24/violence-continues-while-talks-persist-looking-for-a-peaceful-resolution-a-16-year-old-palestinian-is-shot-dead-after-he-tried-to-stab-an-i.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel Defense Forces, Palestinians_
5. [Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence. ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapsed-a-nearby-house-killing-a-30-y.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel Defense Forces, Palestinians_
6. [ Four Palestinians are killed by Israel Defense Forces in the Gaza Strip. Palestinians claim two of them were civilians. ](/news/2007/08/14/four-palestinians-are-killed-by-israel-defense-forces-in-the-gaza-strip-palestinians-claim-two-of-them-were-civilians.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel Defense Forces, Palestinians_
7. [ An Israel Defense Forces soldier and six Palestinians were killed in an IDF operation in the northern Gaza town of Beit Hanoun. ](/news/2006/11/1/an-israel-defense-forces-soldier-and-six-palestinians-were-killed-in-an-idf-operation-in-the-northern-gaza-town-of-beit-hanoun.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel Defense Forces, Palestinians_
8. [ Israeli forces enter the last remaining Israeli settlement in the Gaza Strip to remove the settlers from Netzarim, a religious farming community of about 500, completing the evacuation of all the enclaves. Four small militant settlements on the West Bank will also be cleared, with 5,500 troops heading there to begin evictions on Tuesday. ](/news/2005/08/22/israeli-forces-enter-the-last-remaining-israeli-settlement-in-the-gaza-strip-to-remove-the-settlers-from-netzarim-a-religious-farming-comm.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel Defense Forces, Netzarim_
9. [ Two Israeli civilians and two Palestinian terrorists have been killed. The Israelis were killed by Palestinian terrorists on the Kisufim road in the Gaza Strip, and the IDF Engineering forces killed the two terrorists. The al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, the Popular Resistance Committees and Islamic Jihad all claimed responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2005/07/24/two-israeli-civilians-and-two-palestinian-terrorists-have-been-killed-the-israelis-were-killed-by-palestinian-terrorists-on-the-kisufim-ro.md) _Context: Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, Gaza, Israel Defense Forces_
10. [ At least ten Palestinians are killed in Rafah, Gaza Strip, by an explosion following warning shots fired by the IDF. The road used by the Palestinians was strewn with explosives. ](/news/2004/05/19/at-least-ten-palestinians-are-killed-in-rafah-gaza-strip-by-an-explosion-following-warning-shots-fired-by-the-idf-the-road-used-by-the-p.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel Defense Forces, Palestinians_
