### [2004-11-10](/news/2004/11/10/index.md)

#  Saeb Erakat announces that Palestinian Authority leader Yasser Arafat has died at the age of 75 at a Paris hospital. Rawhi Fattouh becomes interim President of the Palestinian Authority. Mahmoud Abbas leads the Palestine Liberation Organization. Farouk Kaddoumi, foreign minister of the PLO, leads Fatah and Ahmed Qureia receives the security portfolio of the Palestinian Authority. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/4001697.stm)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/4002665.stm)
3. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3984841.stm)
4. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2004/WORLD/meast/11/10/arafat.obit/index.html)
5. [Reuters](http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&cid=578&e=1&u=/nm/20041111/ts_nm/mideast_arafat_dc)
6. [Washington Times](http://www.washtimes.com/world/20041111-023027-4665r.htm)

### Related:

1. [ Yasser Arafat is flown to Paris, France, for medical treatment at Percy military hospital which specializes in blood disorders and cancer. Ahmed Qurei will manage the daily affairs of the Palestinian Authority and Mahmoud Abbas, the Palestine Liberation Organization. ](/news/2004/10/29/yasser-arafat-is-flown-to-paris-france-for-medical-treatment-at-percy-military-hospital-which-specializes-in-blood-disorders-and-cancer.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestine Liberation Organization's, Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat_
2. [Top Fatah members aligned with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas asked Israel to attack Hamas ahead of Hamas' violent takeover of the Gaza Strip in 2007, according to a US diplomatic cable published by Wikileaks. ](/news/2010/12/21/top-fatah-members-aligned-with-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-asked-israel-to-attack-hamas-ahead-of-hamasa-violent-takeover.md) _Context: Fatah, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority_
3. [Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas condemns Iran, saying his people were "hijacked, at the hands of the Iranians"; possibly referring to Hamas's refusal to reconcile with Fatah on Iran's command by announcing on that it would boycott the Palestinian municipal elections ](/news/2010/05/26/palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-condemns-iran-saying-his-people-were-ahijacked-at-the-hands-of-the-iraniansa-possibly-r.md) _Context: Fatah, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority_
4. [ Islamist party Hamas' landslide victory in Palestinian elections ends four decades of rule by the Fatah party. Hamas secures 76 seats in the 132-member legislature through parliamentary elections. Prime Minister Ahmed Qurei announces he will resign and Fatah declares it will not join a Hamas-led coalition, although Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas plans to continue negotiations with Israel through the Palestine Liberation Organization.](/news/2006/01/26/islamist-party-hamas-landslide-victory-in-palestinian-elections-ends-four-decades-of-rule-by-the-fatah-party-hamas-secures-76-seats-in-th.md) _Context: Fatah, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestine Liberation Organization's_
5. [ Nearly 400 members of Yasser Arafat's Fatah faction of the Palestine Liberation Organization resign in protest over corruption, mismanagement and a lack of direction with Fatah.[http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/A22149-2004Feb7.html] date=August 2015 bot=RjwilmsiBot](/news/2004/02/7/nearly-400-members-of-yasser-arafat-s-fatah-faction-of-the-palestine-liberation-organization-resign-in-protest-over-corruption-mismanageme.md) _Context: Fatah, Palestine Liberation Organization's, Yasser Arafat_
6. [ Palestinian Authority: Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas submits his resignation to the President of the Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat. According to Palestinian sources, he will play a "caretaker" role of the position until a new prime minister is sworn in.](/news/2003/09/6/palestinian-authority-prime-minister-mahmoud-abbas-submits-his-resignation-to-the-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-yasser-arafat-a.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat_
7. [ Palestinian Authority: Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas tells the Palestinian parliament to either support him or fire him, a move seen as making public for the first time his quarrel with Yasser Arafat. VOA characterizes Mr. Abbas' ultimatum as the latest twist in a power struggle between him and Arafat, who is the President of the Palestinian Authority.](/news/2003/09/5/palestinian-authority-prime-minister-mahmoud-abbas-tells-the-palestinian-parliament-to-either-support-him-or-fire-him-a-move-seen-as-maki.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat_
8. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's speech yesterday that the Grand Mufti of Jerusalem persuaded the Nazis to adopt their Final Solution to exterminate 6 million Jews is reproached by Holocaust experts and survivors, historians, world leaders, etc. Palestine Liberation Organization's Saeb Erakat and Israel's Zionist Union party's Isaac Herzog both blasted Netanyahu's claim. German Chancellor Angela Merkel said, "All Germans know the history of the murderous race mania of the Nazis that led to ... the Holocaust." Mehnaz Afridi, a Manhattan College professor who promotes Muslim-Jewish dialogue said, "this ... really is a terrible statement to make at this time." ](/news/2015/10/21/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-s-speech-yesterday-that-the-grand-mufti-of-jerusalem-persuaded-the-nazis-to-adopt-their-final-solu.md) _Context: Palestine Liberation Organization's, Saeb Erakat_
9. [Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the State of Palestine, announces a unity cabinet containing members of both Fatah and Hamas. ](/news/2014/06/2/mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-state-of-palestine-announces-a-unity-cabinet-containing-members-of-both-fatah-and-hamas.md) _Context: Fatah, Mahmoud Abbas_
10. [Israel suspends peace talks with the Palestinian Authority following an announcement of a unity agreement between the ruling Palestinian faction Fatah and the militant Hamas rulers of Gaza. ](/news/2014/04/24/israel-suspends-peace-talks-with-the-palestinian-authority-following-an-announcement-of-a-unity-agreement-between-the-ruling-palestinian-fac.md) _Context: Fatah, Palestinian Authority_
