### [2005-02-14](/news/2005/02/14/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian conflict:  IDF soldiers shoot dead a Palestinian whom they allege tried to stab one of them. Witnesses deny the 13-year-old was armed. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4263577.stm)
2. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/540138.html)
3. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/133CA257-CE27-40A9-AE43-426519E1302B.htm)
4. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4264197.stm)

### Related:

1. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu mulls withdrawing IDF forces from parts of the West Bank and handing over full security control to the Palestinian Authority to demonstrate an Israeli diplomatic initiative that would block a possible "diplomatic tsunami" that could follow international recognition of a Palestinian state. ](/news/2011/04/12/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-mulls-withdrawing-idf-forces-from-parts-of-the-west-bank-and-handing-over-full-security-control-to.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains): Israel's Prime Minister has allowed the IDF to expand its offensive in the Gaza Strip against the Hamas-controlled Palestinian government, in order to free the abducted soldier Gilad Shalit. ](/news/2006/07/5/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-p-israel-s-prime-minister-has-allowed-the-idf-to-expand-its-offensive-in-the-gaza-str.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The IDF killed Elias al-Ashkar, the senior Islamic Jihad commander in the Jenin area who was accused of planning several suicide attacks that killed nearly 30 people, including US high-school student Daniel Wultz. Six other Palestinians were also killed. ](/news/2006/05/14/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-the-idf-killed-elias-al-ashkar-the-senior-islamic-jihad-commander-in-the-jenin-area-who-was-accused-of-plan.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: for the first time, a Katyusha rocket is fired from the Gaza Strip. The IDF says the attack is a "clear escalation". ](/news/2006/03/28/israeli-palestinian-conflict-for-the-first-time-a-katyusha-rocket-is-fired-from-the-gaza-strip-the-idf-says-the-attack-is-a-clear-escal.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Hezbollah fires some 30 mortar shells at IDF outposts along the northern Israeli border, lightly wounding an Israeli soldier. In response, Israeli Air Force strikes Hezbollah targets in southern Lebanon. ](/news/2006/02/3/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-hezbollah-fires-some-30-mortar-shells-at-idf-outposts-along-the-northern-israeli-border-lightly-wounding-an.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict:  A joint Israeli-Palestinian doctors group has filed a petition to the Supreme Court of Israel requesting an end to the Israel Defense Forces use of sonic booms to terrify the Palestinian populace. The Doctors complain that the "sound bombs" cause widespread fear, induce miscarriages and traumatise children. The United Nations claim that the tactic causes panic attacks in children and has smashed thousands of windows. ](/news/2005/11/3/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-a-joint-israeli-palestinian-doctors-group-has-filed-a-petition-to-the-supreme-court-of-israel-requesting-an.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: An Israel Defense Forces soldier is seriously wounded and later dies of his wounds in an overnight arrest raids near the West Bank town of Jenin. ](/news/2005/11/2/israeli-palestinian-conflict-an-israel-defense-forces-soldier-is-seriously-wounded-and-later-dies-of-his-wounds-in-an-overnight-arrest-rai.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: An investigation by B'Tselem and Haaretz casts doubt on the IDF version of events which left 5 Palestinians, including 3 minors, dead in Tulkarm on August 24.  IDF Chief of Staff Dan Halutz announces that he will open an investigation, and Colonel Kobi Barak declares that the operation was a "Failure". ](/news/2005/09/7/israeli-palestinian-conflict-an-investigation-by-b-tselem-and-haaretz-casts-doubt-on-the-idf-version-of-events-which-left-5-palestinians.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict:  Israeli troops, who are still in the process of withdrawing from Gaza, shoot dead a Palestinian teenager as he and about 50 others breach a fence around the evacuated Israeli settlement of Gush Katif and climbed atop of IDF tanks. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220914.stm (BBC)] [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/621804.html (Haaretz)] The Israeli Minister for Education, Limor Livnat, has called on her government to expand Israeli settlements in the West Bank as "dividend" of the pullout of the Gaza Strip. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220300.stm (BBC)], [http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13718&Itemid=1 (IMEMC)] The Israeli Housing Minister, Isaac Herzog, told Israel Radio that Israel does not intend to construct in E1 the area between the Maale Adumim Israeli settlement and Jerusalem in the coming years, adding that Israeli government statements to the contrary were part of the "internal conflict" at the Likud party. ([http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13724&Itemid=1 IMEMC])](/news/2005/09/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-israeli-troops-who-are-still-in-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-gaza-shoot-dead-a-palestinian-teenager-as.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
10. [  An unarmed Palestinian boy, 13 years old, is shot dead by Israel Defense Forces troops. Israel declares its intention to hold an inquiry into the event. ](/news/2005/09/30/an-unarmed-palestinian-boy-13-years-old-is-shot-dead-by-israel-defense-forces-troops-israel-declares-its-intention-to-hold-an-inquiry-i.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
