### [2005-02-14](/news/2005/02/14/index.md)

#  Researchers at the University of California, Los Angeles create a modified form of HIV which targets P-glycoproteins on cancer cells.  




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/health/4257783.stm)

### Related:

1. [ HIV drug Viracept is recalled in the UK after it is discovered that it has been contaminated with a substance that could cause cancer. ](/news/2007/06/6/hiv-drug-viracept-is-recalled-in-the-uk-after-it-is-discovered-that-it-has-been-contaminated-with-a-substance-that-could-cause-cancer.md) _Context: HIV, cancer_
2. [ American Roger Kornberg wins the 2006 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for describing the essential process of gene copying in cells, research that can give insight into illnesses such as cancer and heart disease. ](/news/2006/10/4/american-roger-kornberg-wins-the-2006-nobel-prize-in-chemistry-for-describing-the-essential-process-of-gene-copying-in-cells-research-that.md) _Context: cancer, cell_
3. [ Scientists at Stanford University have used nanotechnology to kill cancer cells without harming healthy tissue. ](/news/2005/08/2/scientists-at-stanford-university-have-used-nanotechnology-to-kill-cancer-cells-without-harming-healthy-tissue.md) _Context: cancer, cell_
4. [A girl born with HIV, who was started on HIV drugs when she was 2 months old and stopped 40 weeks later, is virtually-free of the virus even after no further treatment. ](/news/2017/07/24/a-girl-born-with-hiv-who-was-started-on-hiv-drugs-when-she-was-2-months-old-and-stopped-40-weeks-later-is-virtually-free-of-the-virus-even.md) _Context: HIV_
5. [The journal ''Genes & Development'' publishes research from the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center in a mouse-model study (which may translate over to humans) alluding as to why hair turns gray and goes bald. The scientists describe a protein called KROX20 which switches on skin cells that become a hair shaft, which then causes cells to produce another protein called stem cell factor. In mice, these two proteins are important for baldness and graying. ](/news/2017/05/8/the-journal-genes-development-publishes-research-from-the-university-of-texas-southwestern-medical-center-in-a-mouse-model-study-whic.md) _Context: cell_
6. [A UCLA research team, analyzing lunar minerals brought back during the Apollo program, reports that the moon is at least 4.51 billion years old, up to 150 million years older than previous estimates.](/news/2017/01/13/a-ucla-research-team-analyzing-lunar-minerals-brought-back-during-the-apollo-program-reports-that-the-moon-is-at-least-4-51-billion-years.md) _Context: UCLA_
7. [ A research team led by an evolutionary biologist at the University of Arizona publishes a paper in ''Nature'' on the genetic history of HIV proving that Gaetan Dugas, the Canadian flight attendant who had been identified for years as "Patient Zero" of the AIDS epidemic in the U.S., did not spread the virus to the country. The study indicates that HIV first spread to the U.S. from the Caribbean around 1970. ](/news/2016/10/26/a-research-team-led-by-an-evolutionary-biologist-at-the-university-of-arizona-publishes-a-paper-in-nature-on-the-genetic-history-of-hiv.md) _Context: HIV_
8. [  Two people are killed in a murder-suicide shooting at the University of California Los Angeles. Police report the campus is now safe. ](/news/2016/06/1/two-people-are-killed-in-a-murder-suicide-shooting-at-the-university-of-california-los-angeles-police-report-the-campus-is-now-safe.md) _Context: UCLA_
9. [U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron, at the upcoming Nuclear Security Summit in Washington, D.C.,   will announce  a three-way deal with the United States and Euratom, the European Union nuclear agency, to turn nuclear waste into medical isotopes to help fight cancer. ](/news/2016/03/30/u-k-prime-minister-david-cameron-at-the-upcoming-nuclear-security-summit-in-washington-d-c-will-announce-a-three-way-deal-with-the-u.md) _Context: cancer_
10. [A new study by researchers at McGill University and the University of California, Los Angeles, finds that each additional month a woman has paid maternity leave is associated with decreased infant mortality by more than 10 percent. Researchers noted that paid maternity leave reduces stress because of the guarantee of income and job security, increases the chances for breastfeeding and other infant care, and allows a mother to seek more medical attention for herself. ](/news/2016/03/30/a-new-study-by-researchers-at-mcgill-university-and-the-university-of-california-los-angeles-finds-that-each-additional-month-a-woman-has.md) _Context: UCLA_
