### [2010-06-14](/news/2010/06/14/index.md)

# A team of American geologists and Pentagon officials say they have discovered vast mineral wealth, including iron, gold and lithium, estimated to be worth nearly US$1&nbsp;trillion, in Afghanistan, though other senior officials say this has been known since at least the 1970s. 

David Martin: It Could Take Years to Exploit Minerals Estimated to Be Worth $1 Trillion - Help from the U.S. Could Aid in the Fight Against Taliban


### Source:

1. [AP](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5ixbAsQE2cup3cqRFmFhi27zPVksAD9GAU6U02)
2. [CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-503543_162-20007608-503543.html)
3. [Politico](http://www.politico.com/blogs/laurarozen/0610/Afghanistans_mineral_find_and_the_Washington_clock.html?showall)
4. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/commentisfree/michaeltomasky/2010/jun/14/afghanistan-usforeignpolicy-petraeus)

### Related:

1. [According to the United States Department of Defense, an airstrike that hit a hospital in Kunduz, Afghanistan, last October did not amount to a war crime because the airstrike was "unintentional" and that those involved would face suspension but not criminal charges. In response to the briefing, a president of the organization which operated the hospital described it as "an admission of an uncontrolled military operation in a densely populated urban area, during which US forces failed to follow the basic laws of war." ](/news/2016/04/30/according-to-the-united-states-department-of-defense-an-airstrike-that-hit-a-hospital-in-kunduz-afghanistan-last-october-did-not-amount-t.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Pentagon officials_
2. [ The United States Defense Department allows news agencies to publicize photographs of the coffins of soldiers killed in Iraq and Afghanistan. ](/news/2009/02/26/the-united-states-defense-department-allows-news-agencies-to-publicize-photographs-of-the-coffins-of-soldiers-killed-in-iraq-and-afghanista.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Pentagon officials_
3. [Sexual orientation and gender identity in the United States military. Five transgender United States military personnel sue President Donald Trump and top Pentagon officials over the President's policy change announced late last month banning transgender people from serving in the military. The suit asks the court to prevent the ban from going into effect. ](/news/2017/08/9/sexual-orientation-and-gender-identity-in-the-united-states-military-five-transgender-united-states-military-personnel-sue-president-donald.md) _Context: Pentagon officials_
4. [Battle of Marawi. The Pentagon is considering conducting airstrikes in Marawi, which if approved would later put U.S. troops on the ground to battle the ISIS-affiliated Maute group as well as related Islamist terror groups. A spokesperson later denied the claims as well as clarified that the Philippines has yet to make a request. ](/news/2017/08/8/battle-of-marawi-the-pentagon-is-considering-conducting-airstrikes-in-marawi-which-if-approved-would-later-put-u-s-troops-on-the-ground-t.md) _Context: Pentagon officials_
5. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). A suicide bomber attacks a convoy in Afghanistan's Kabul province, killing a Georgian soldier and three civilians and wounding 13 others, including six Resolute Support personnel. ](/news/2017/08/3/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-suicide-bomber-attacks-a-convoy-in-afghanistan-s-kabul-province-killing-a-georgian-soldier-and-three.md) _Context: Afghanistan's_
6. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). An explosion kills at least 29 people and injures dozens more at a Shia mosque in Herat, Afghanistan. ](/news/2017/08/1/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-an-explosion-kills-at-least-29-people-and-injures-dozens-more-at-a-shia-mosque-in-herat-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan's_
7. [Population displacement. The number of people displaced globally totals 65.6 million after an addition of 10.3 million people displaced in 2016. Syria, Colombia, Afghanistan, Iraq and South Sudan are the countries in the top five. ](/news/2017/06/19/population-displacement-the-number-of-people-displaced-globally-totals-65-6-million-after-an-addition-of-10-3-million-people-displaced-in-2.md) _Context: Afghanistan's_
8. [War in Afghanistan. June 2017 Kabul mosque attack. A terrorist attack, involving a blast and gunfire, occurs at a Shia mosque in Kabul, Afghanistan, killing several people. ](/news/2017/06/15/war-in-afghanistan-june-2017-kabul-mosque-attack-a-terrorist-attack-involving-a-blast-and-gunfire-occurs-at-a-shia-mosque-in-kabul-afgh.md) _Context: Afghanistan's_
9. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). An Afghan soldier kills 3 U.S. troops and injures 1 other in Achin, Nangarhar Province. The Taliban claims responsibility, saying the Afghan soldier was one of several Taliban infiltrators in the Afghan Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/06/10/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-an-afghan-soldier-kills-3-u-s-troops-and-injures-1-other-in-achin-nangarhar-province-the-taliban-cla.md) _Context: Afghanistan's_
10. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). At least 18 people are killed and 6 others injured in a car bomb explosion in Khost, eastern Afghanistan. ](/news/2017/05/27/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-at-least-18-people-are-killed-and-6-others-injured-in-a-car-bomb-explosion-in-khost-eastern-afghanista.md) _Context: Afghanistan's_
