### [2010-06-14](/news/2010/06/14/index.md)

# Egypt and Al Jazeera Sports clash over claims of interference in the transmission of 2010 FIFA World Cup soccer matches. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters Africa](http://af.reuters.com/article/topNews/idAFJOE65D0MQ20100614)

### Related:

1. [Lanseria International Airport reopens after the removal of the wreckage of yesterday's emergency landing involving mainly Al Jazeera Sports broadcast staff on their way to cover the 2010 FIFA World Cup game between Algeria and Slovenia in Polokwane. ](/news/2010/06/14/lanseria-international-airport-reopens-after-the-removal-of-the-wreckage-of-yesterday-s-emergency-landing-involving-mainly-al-jazeera-sports.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, Al Jazeera Sports_
2. [FIFA says it will assist Al Jazeera Sports in its investigation of the 2010 FIFA World Cup signal sabotage. ](/news/2010/06/13/fifa-says-it-will-assist-al-jazeera-sports-in-its-investigation-of-the-2010-fifa-world-cup-signal-sabotage.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, Al Jazeera Sports_
3. [A plane carrying 16 Al Jazeera Sports broadcast staff to the 2010 FIFA World Cup game between Algeria and Slovenia in Polokwane made an emergency landing at Lanseria International Airport following the jamming of the aircraft's landing gear. Lanseria International Airport is shut down. ](/news/2010/06/13/a-plane-carrying-16-al-jazeera-sports-broadcast-staff-to-the-2010-fifa-world-cup-game-between-algeria-and-slovenia-in-polokwane-made-an-emer.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, Al Jazeera Sports_
4. [Al Jazeera Sports, which has exclusive broadcasting rights for the 2010 FIFA World Cup in the Middle East and North Africa, says its Nilesat and Arabsat signals are being sabotaged in an "act of piracy", as criticism mounts across the affected regions and on the internet. ](/news/2010/06/12/al-jazeera-sports-which-has-exclusive-broadcasting-rights-for-the-2010-fifa-world-cup-in-the-middle-east-and-north-africa-says-its-nilesat.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, Al Jazeera Sports_
5. [ Egypt recalls its ambassador to Algeria after complaints about violence towards its football fans after a World Cup play off. Sudan also summons its envoy to Egypt over media coverage of the game's aftermath. ](/news/2009/11/19/egypt-recalls-its-ambassador-to-algeria-after-complaints-about-violence-towards-its-football-fans-after-a-world-cup-play-off-sudan-also-su.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, Egypt_
6. [Two trains collide in Alexandria, Egypt, killing at least 49 people and injuring at least 100. ](/news/2017/08/11/two-trains-collide-in-alexandria-egypt-killing-at-least-49-people-and-injuring-at-least-100.md) _Context: Egypt_
7. [Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization  (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt-bahrain-and-unit.md) _Context: Egypt_
8. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Egypt_
9. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Egypt_
10. [The Bahrain News Agency publishes an official list of the demands from Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt towards Qatar. Turkey says the demands on Qatar are unlawful. ](/news/2017/06/25/the-bahrain-news-agency-publishes-an-official-list-of-the-demands-from-saudi-arabia-bahrain-the-united-arab-emirates-and-egypt-towards-qat.md) _Context: Egypt_
