### [2010-06-14](/news/2010/06/14/index.md)

# Ireland's Fine Gael Deputy Leader and Finance Spokesperson Richard Bruton, brother of former Taoiseach John Bruton, is sacked after publicly declaring his lack of confidence in Fine Gael's leader Enda Kenny. 

The deputy leader of Fine Gael - the main opposition party in the Irish Republic - is sacked by party leader Enda Kenny.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/world/europe/10313775.stm)
2. [Press Association](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ukpress/article/ALeqM5j80fzf1i9LrrZoW9p7_jbAbKvXxg)
3. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2010/0614/finegael.html)
4. [The Irish Times](http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/breaking/2010/0614/breaking5.html?via=mr)
4. [Cover Image](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/special/2015/newsspec_10857/bbc_news_logo.png?cb=1)

### Related:

1. [The leaders of Ireland's two main political parties, Fianna Fail and Fine Gael, come under fire. Irish Taoiseach Brian Cowen faces a motion of no confidence in Dail Eireann, his second in just over a year. Leader of the Opposition, Enda Kenny, who sacked his deputy leader yesterday to prevent a potential coup, faces further revolt from his party as nine more members of his frontbench call on him to resign. ](/news/2010/06/15/the-leaders-of-ireland-s-two-main-political-parties-fianna-fa-il-and-fine-gael-come-under-fire-irish-taoiseach-brian-cowen-faces-a-motion.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Fine Gael, Taoiseach, his deputy leader_
2. [Leo Varadkar becomes the new party leader of Fine Gael, after winning 51 of 73 votes in the parliamentary party, and is expected to become Taoiseach (Prime Minister) of Ireland, which would make him the youngest and first openly gay man to be Taoiseach, as well as being the first of half-Indian descent. ](/news/2017/06/2/leo-varadkar-becomes-the-new-party-leader-of-fine-gael-after-winning-51-of-73-votes-in-the-parliamentary-party-and-is-expected-to-become-t.md) _Context: Fine Gael, Republic of Ireland, Taoiseach_
3. [Irish Taoiseach Enda Kenny announces that he will step down as leader of Fine Gael from midnight, but will remain Taoiseach until a leader is elected. ](/news/2017/05/17/irish-taoiseach-enda-kenny-announces-that-he-will-step-down-as-leader-of-fine-gael-from-midnight-but-will-remain-taoiseach-until-a-leader-i.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Fine Gael, Taoiseach_
4. [Prime Minister Enda Kenny, who rejected suggestions he should resign, says he will "fully and inclusively" engage with other parties, groups and Independents, including Fianna Fail, as he forms the country's government. Sinn Fein says it is not interested in forming a coalition government with Kenny's Fine Gael party. ](/news/2016/03/1/prime-minister-enda-kenny-who-rejected-suggestions-he-should-resign-says-he-will-fully-and-inclusively-engage-with-other-parties-groups.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Fine Gael, Taoiseach_
5. [Voters in Ireland go to the polls for a general election. Exit polls indicate that the ruling coalition of Fine Gael party led by Enda Kenny and the Labour Party will fall short of re-election with 34% of the vote between them. ](/news/2016/02/26/voters-in-ireland-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-exit-polls-indicate-that-the-ruling-coalition-of-fine-gael-party-led-by-enda-kenny.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Fine Gael, Republic of Ireland_
6. [Irish politicians respond to High Court Judge Paul Carney's order that a man who plead guilty in court to repeatedly raping his daughter as a child be granted bail and provisional released. Taoiseach Enda Kenny comments on a nation "filled with revulsion" at the outcome of the case, while opposition politician Gerry Adams refers to abuse his father inflicted on others. ](/news/2013/01/22/irish-politicians-respond-to-high-court-judge-paul-carney-s-order-that-a-man-who-plead-guilty-in-court-to-repeatedly-raping-his-daughter-as.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Republic of Ireland, Taoiseach_
7. [Ireland's Taoiseach Enda Kenny attacks the Vatican's approach to the child abuse scandals in the country as "absolutely disgraceful", while the Socialist Party's Joe Higgins tells Dail Eireann that people were "throwing their hands in the air" after the report into the sexual abuse scandal in Cloyne diocese was published this week. ](/news/2011/07/15/ireland-s-taoiseach-enda-kenny-attacks-the-vatican-s-approach-to-the-child-abuse-scandals-in-the-country-as-absolutely-disgraceful-while.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Republic of Ireland, Taoiseach_
8. [A bomb explodes in Omagh, County Tyrone, Northern Ireland, killing one, hours after around 2,000 participants in a half marathon pass by. The incident evokes memories of the 1998 Omagh bombing, while taoiseach Enda Kenny (Republic of Ireland) accuses the perpetrators of "acting in defiance of the Irish people". ](/news/2011/04/2/a-bomb-explodes-in-omagh-county-tyrone-northern-ireland-killing-one-hours-after-around-2-000-participants-in-a-half-marathon-pass-by-th.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Republic of Ireland, Taoiseach_
9. [Enda Kenny is elected as the 13th Taoiseach of Ireland by a margin of 117-27 in the 31st Dail Eireann, replacing Brian Cowen. ](/news/2011/03/9/enda-kenny-is-elected-as-the-13th-taoiseach-of-ireland-by-a-margin-of-117-27-in-the-31st-da-il-aireann-replacing-brian-cowen.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Republic of Ireland, Taoiseach_
10. [Former government minister Michael Lowry refuses to resign the seat he recently claimed back in Dail Eireann in the aftermath of the Moriarty Tribunal's findings that he assisted billionaire businessman Denis O'Brien "beyond doubt" in gaining a mobile phone license for Esat Digifone, in actions judged "disgraceful and insidious" by the tribunal. Taoiseach Enda Kenny admits Fine Gael accepted a donation worth thousands of dollars from Esat at the time. ](/news/2011/03/24/former-government-minister-michael-lowry-refuses-to-resign-the-seat-he-recently-claimed-back-in-da-il-aireann-in-the-aftermath-of-the-moria.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Fine Gael, Taoiseach_
