### [2010-06-14](/news/2010/06/14/index.md)

# Israeli-Palestinian conflict:The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) issues a report criticizing Israel and calling on it  to lift the blockade. 

Israel has been forced to the defence of an alleged Mossad spy who has been arrested in Poland on charges of using a German passport in an operation to kill a Palestinian militant.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/world/middle_east/10306193.stm)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2010/WORLD/meast/06/13/israel.gaza.closure/?hpt=T3)
3. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/poland/7825030/Israel-forced-to-defend-Mossad-spy-arrested-in-Poland.html)
4. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/IranianThreat/News/Article.aspx?id=178395)
5. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Israel/article.Aspx?id=178420)
6. [Yahoo! News](http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20100614/ap_on_re_mi_ea/gaza_blockade)
7. [Ynetnews](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3904907,00.html)

### Related:

1. [Israeli authorities approve 153 construction permits for settlement homes in East Jerusalem, and plan to approve another 11,000 in the coming months. ](/news/2017/01/27/israeli-authorities-approve-153-construction-permits-for-settlement-homes-in-east-jerusalem-and-plan-to-approve-another-11-000-in-the-comin.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli–Palestinian conflict_
2. [The Israeli Ministry of Transportation orders a bus company in Beersheba to remove Arabic-language advertisements on their buses following complaints from several Jewish residents. ](/news/2016/12/1/the-israeli-ministry-of-transportation-orders-a-bus-company-in-beersheba-to-remove-arabic-language-advertisements-on-their-buses-following-c.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli–Palestinian conflict_
3. [The Israeli Supreme Court questions the demolition of convicted terrorists' homes by the Israeli government after claims that the practice is used against Palestinians and not Israelis. The government has 30 days to respond before the court makes a decision on the practice. ](/news/2016/11/25/the-israeli-supreme-court-questions-the-demolition-of-convicted-terrorists-homes-by-the-israeli-government-after-claims-that-the-practice-i.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli–Palestinian conflict_
4. [A 17-year-old Palestinian stabs and kills a sleeping 13-year-old Israeli and American citizen girl Hallel Yaffa Ariel in her bedroom. The assailant is fatally shot by security guards. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu blamed "incitement-driven terrorists" while the U.S. State Department condemned the "outrageous terrorist attack." ](/news/2016/06/30/a-17-year-old-palestinian-stabs-and-kills-a-sleeping-13-year-old-israeli-and-american-citizen-girl-hallel-yaffa-ariel-in-her-bedroom-the-as.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli–Palestinian conflict_
5. [Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israel-border-there-were-no-casualti.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli–Palestinian conflict_
6. [Following an appeal, 12-year-old Dima al-Wawi is freed from an Israeli prison. She is believed to be the youngest female Palestinian ever imprisoned.  Israeli civil law, which does not allow anyone under 14 to go to jail, did not affect her imprisonment.   Palestinian residents in the occupied territories are subject to military law that can sentence suspects as young as 12 to prison. ](/news/2016/04/24/following-an-appeal-12-year-old-dima-al-wawi-is-freed-from-an-israeli-prison-she-is-believed-to-be-the-youngest-female-palestinian-ever-im.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli–Palestinian conflict_
7. [Three terror attacks are reported that result in the deaths of four Palestinians and an American tourist with 12 Israelis wounded, including two Israeli policemen, as United States Vice President Joe Biden arrives in Israel for a two-day visit that includes meetings with Israeli and Palestinian leaders.One of the attacks occurred less than a kilometer from where Joe Biden was at the time. ](/news/2016/03/8/three-terror-attacks-are-reported-that-result-in-the-deaths-of-four-palestinians-and-an-american-tourist-with-12-israelis-wounded-including.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli–Palestinian conflict_
8. [Indonesian President Joko "Jokowi" Widodo calls on Muslim leaders at the  Organisation of Islamic Cooperation (OIC) summit meeting in Jakarta to  unite and be part of the solution on Palestine, noting the entire world is concerned about its deteriorating situation. Jokowi also criticizes what he calls Israel's "unilateral and illegal policies." ](/news/2016/03/7/indonesian-president-joko-ajokowia-widodo-calls-on-muslim-leaders-at-the-organisation-of-islamic-cooperation-oic-summit-meeting-in-ja.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli–Palestinian conflict_
9. [A report by two Israeli human rights groups, B'Tselem and HaMoked, states dozens of Palestinian detainees at the Shin Bet's Shikma interrogation facility in Ashkelon have been subjected to mistreatment, and in some cases torture. The report examined affidavits and personal accounts from 116 Palestinians held for security reasons at the facility between August 2013 and March 2014. ](/news/2016/02/24/a-report-by-two-israeli-human-rights-groups-b-tselem-and-hamoked-states-dozens-of-palestinian-detainees-at-the-shin-bet-s-shikma-interroga.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli–Palestinian conflict_
10. [A shooting takes place at a pub in Tel Aviv, Israel, leaving two dead and eight injured. The gunman managed to escape and possibly killed his accomplice, an Arab taxi driver, whose body was found nearby. The police identified the shooter as 30 year old muslim Nisa'at Melkham from Ar'ara and searched his home. ](/news/2016/01/1/a-shooting-takes-place-at-a-pub-in-tel-aviv-israel-leaving-two-dead-and-eight-injured-the-gunman-managed-to-escape-and-possibly-killed-hi.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli–Palestinian conflict_
