### [2010-06-14](/news/2010/06/14/index.md)

# NCAA (U.S. college) conference realignment:: The University of Texas at Austin, seen as the key to the survival of a 10-team Big 12 Conference in the wake of the loss of Colorado to the Pacific-10 Conference and Nebraska to the Big Ten Conference, announces it will turn down an invitation from the Pac-10 and remain in the Big 12. Shortly after Texas' announcement, four other Texas and Oklahoma schools targeted by the Pac-10 pledge themselves to the Big 12. 

Texas will remain a Big 12 Conference member, the university announced on Monday.


### Source:

1. [ESPN](http://sports.espn.go.com/ncaa/news/story?id=5286672)

### Related:

1. [NCAA (U.S. college) conference realignment:: The Pacific-10 Conference, after being turned down by several Texas and Oklahoma schools in its effort to expand to 12 or more members, invites the University of Utah to become its 12th member. ](/news/2010/06/16/ncaa-u-s-college-conference-realignment-the-pacific-10-conference-after-being-turned-down-by-several-texas-and-oklahoma-schools-in-its.md) _Context: NCAA (U.S. college) conference realignment, Oklahoma!, Pacific-10 Conference, Texas_
2. [In the first move of a possible major realignment of U.S. college sports, the Pacific-10 Conference announces that the University of Colorado, a current member of the Big 12 Conference, has accepted the Pac-10's invitation to join that conference. ](/news/2010/06/10/in-the-first-move-of-a-possible-major-realignment-of-u-s-college-sports-the-pacific-10-conference-announces-that-the-university-of-colorad.md) _Context: Big 12 Conference, Colorado, NCAA (U.S. college) conference realignment, Pacific-10 Conference_
3. [At least nine people are injured in severe storms that spawned multiple tornado touchdowns in northeastern Oklahoma and sections of the Southwestern United States. One patient is in critical condition; the others suffered serious injuries, according to the Emergency Medical Services Authority. Parts of Texas, Louisiana, and Arkansas are also impacted. A flash flood watch has been issued through Thursday evening. Two (2) to 4 inches of rain is expected, with perhaps 6 inches in some locations. ](/news/2016/03/30/at-least-nine-people-are-injured-in-severe-storms-that-spawned-multiple-tornado-touchdowns-in-northeastern-oklahoma-and-sections-of-the-sout.md) _Context: Oklahoma!, Texas_
4. [Six people have been killed in Louisiana, Texas, and Oklahoma, with two Mississippi fishermen missing, in this week's flooding in the America's Deep South. More than 24 inches of rain has fallen in some of the hardest-hit areas with more rain today that is expected to lead to additional flooding later this week. ](/news/2016/03/13/six-people-have-been-killed-in-louisiana-texas-and-oklahoma-with-two-mississippi-fishermen-missing-in-this-week-s-flooding-in-the-americ.md) _Context: Oklahoma!, Texas_
5. [United States presidential election, 2016: Voters in the U.S. states of Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Colorado, Georgia, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas, Vermont, Virginia, and the overseas territory of American Samoa go to the polls to vote on Super Tuesday. ](/news/2016/03/1/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-alabama-alaska-arkansas-colorado-georgia-massachusetts-minneso.md) _Context: Oklahoma!, Texas_
6. [A slow moving wintry storm system is responsible for more than a dozen deaths in the U.S. states of Texas, Oklahoma and Kansas. ](/news/2015/11/28/a-slow-moving-wintry-storm-system-is-responsible-for-more-than-a-dozen-deaths-in-the-u-s-states-of-texas-oklahoma-and-kansas.md) _Context: Oklahoma!, Texas_
7. [2015 Texas-Oklahoma flood and tornado outbreak: Dozens of people are rescued in the US state of Texas. The death toll from floods in Texas and Oklahoma has reached 24 dead with 13 missing with another 15 people dead from tornadoes in northern Mexico and Texas. ](/news/2015/05/29/2015-texas-oklahoma-flood-and-tornado-outbreak-dozens-of-people-are-rescued-in-the-us-state-of-texas-the-death-toll-from-floods-in-texas.md) _Context: Oklahoma!, Texas_
8. [Tornadoes of 2015 and 2015 Texas-Oklahoma flood and tornado outbreak: The death toll from the recent storms in the American states of Texas and Oklahoma rises to 21 with 11 people missing. Fourteen more people have been killed in northern Mexico. ](/news/2015/05/28/tornadoes-of-2015-and-2015-texas-oklahoma-flood-and-tornado-outbreak-the-death-toll-from-the-recent-storms-in-the-american-states-of-texa.md) _Context: Oklahoma!, Texas_
9. [Flash floods and heavy storms in the American states of Texas and Oklahoma claim at least two lives with at least eight people missing and hundreds of homes destroyed. ](/news/2015/05/24/flash-floods-and-heavy-storms-in-the-american-states-of-texas-and-oklahoma-claim-at-least-two-lives-with-at-least-eight-people-missing-and-h.md) _Context: Oklahoma!, Texas_
10. [Record breaking rain causes flooding in the American states of Oklahoma and Texas with Oklahoma City recording record rainfall levels for the month of May. ](/news/2015/05/23/record-breaking-rain-causes-flooding-in-the-american-states-of-oklahoma-and-texas-with-oklahoma-city-recording-record-rainfall-levels-for-th.md) _Context: Oklahoma!, Texas_
