### [2010-06-14](/news/2010/06/14/index.md)

# The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) issues a report criticizing Israel and calling on it to lift the blockade. 

Israel has been forced to the defence of an alleged Mossad spy who has been arrested in Poland on charges of using a German passport in an operation to kill a Palestinian militant.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/world/middle_east/10306193.stm)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2010/WORLD/meast/06/13/israel.gaza.closure/?hpt=T3)
3. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/poland/7825030/Israel-forced-to-defend-Mossad-spy-arrested-in-Poland.html)
4. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/IranianThreat/News/Article.aspx?id=178395)
5. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Israel/article.Aspx?id=178420)
6. [Yahoo! News](http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20100614/ap_on_re_mi_ea/gaza_blockade)
7. [Ynetnews](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3904907,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ The International Committee of the Red Cross admits the Israeli Magen David Adom and the Palestine Red Crescent Society. The resolution, ending 58 years of struggle, was passed by a 237-54 vote, over Muslim objections. ](/news/2006/06/22/the-international-committee-of-the-red-cross-admits-the-israeli-magen-david-adom-and-the-palestine-red-crescent-society-the-resolution-en.md) _Context: International Committee of the Red Cross, Israel_
2. [ Israel is condemned by the International Committee of the Red Cross for the location of the Israeli West Bank barrier. The aid agency declared that the barrier at its current position was contrary to international humanitarian law and had caused extensive damage to Palestinian land and property and deprived thousands of Palestinians access to water, health care and education. ](/news/2004/02/18/israel-is-condemned-by-the-international-committee-of-the-red-cross-for-the-location-of-the-israeli-west-bank-barrier-the-aid-agency-decla.md) _Context: International Committee of the Red Cross, Israel_
3. [It is suspected that Israeli jets bomb a military research facility near the city of Masyaf, Hama Governorate, killing at least two Syrian Army soldiers. The facility was rumoured to contain chemical weapons. ](/news/2017/09/7/it-is-suspected-that-israeli-jets-bomb-a-military-research-facility-near-the-city-of-masyaf-hama-governorate-killing-at-least-two-syrian-a.md) _Context: Israel_
4. [The Supreme Court of Israel strikes down the exemption on the conscription of ultra-Orthodox Jews. ](/news/2017/09/13/the-supreme-court-of-israel-strikes-down-the-exemption-on-the-conscription-of-ultra-orthodox-jews.md) _Context: Israel_
5. [Israel plans to shut down all of Al Jazeera's operations in the country, alleging support of terrorism. ](/news/2017/08/6/israel-plans-to-shut-down-all-of-al-jazeera-s-operations-in-the-country-alleging-support-of-terrorism.md) _Context: Israel_
6. [The world's oldest man, Polish-Israeli Yisrael Kristal, who was also recognized as the oldest living Holocaust survivor, dies at age 113 years, 330 days, in Haifa, Israel. ](/news/2017/08/11/the-world-s-oldest-man-polishaisraeli-yisrael-kristal-who-was-also-recognized-as-the-oldest-living-holocaust-survivor-dies-at-age-113-y.md) _Context: Israel_
7. [The Israeli government says it will remove metal detectors and some cameras recently installed at the entrances to the Temple Mount in Jerusalem that resulted in a wave of protests and some deaths. Instead, less obtrusive surveillance means will be used. ](/news/2017/07/25/the-israeli-government-says-it-will-remove-metal-detectors-and-some-cameras-recently-installed-at-the-entrances-to-the-temple-mount-in-jerus.md) _Context: Israel_
8. [Israel's embassy staff in Jordan, including a security guard involved in a shooting incident in which two Jordanians were killed yesterday, return to Israel from Amman. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu thanked U.S. President Donald Trump and Jordan's King Abdullah for their help and cooperation. ](/news/2017/07/24/israel-s-embassy-staff-in-jordan-including-a-security-guard-involved-in-a-shooting-incident-in-which-two-jordanians-were-killed-yesterday.md) _Context: Israel_
9. [A shooting at the Israeli embassy in Amman, Jordan, leaves one person, a Jordanian, dead, and an Israeli and a Jordanian wounded. There is speculation the attack may be linked to recent events at Jerusalem's Al-Aqsa Mosque. Another Jordanian man was killed inadvertently. ](/news/2017/07/23/a-shooting-at-the-israeli-embassy-in-amman-jordan-leaves-one-person-a-jordanian-dead-and-an-israeli-and-a-jordanian-wounded-there-is-s.md) _Context: Israel_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Israel_
