### [2009-02-18](/news/2009/02/18/index.md)

#  Verizon Wireless selects Alcatel-Lucent as its primary vendor of fourth-generation wireless communications. 

Lucent, Ericsson to upgrade radio network


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/UK_SMALLCAPSRPT/idUKLI34523020090218)
1. [Cover Image](http://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png)

### Related:

1. [Yahoo! shareholders officially approve its $4.48 billion sale to Verizon Wireless. Yahoo! stock was up 8.5 percent shortly thereafter. ](/news/2017/06/8/yahoo-shareholders-officially-approve-its-4-48-billion-sale-to-verizon-wireless-yahoo-stock-was-up-8-5-percent-shortly-thereafter.md) _Context: Verizon Wireless_
2. [In American football, Twitter wins the bidding contest over Amazon, Verizon, and others, for streaming rights to 10 of 16 National Football League (NFL) regular season "Thursday Night Football Games", ones that will also be telecast by either CBS or NBC. The league streamed one game last year with Yahoo!. Verizon, meanwhile, already owns the mobile rights to all NFL games which are available to subscribers via a mobile app; the 10 NFL games on Twitter will be free. ](/news/2016/04/5/in-american-football-twitter-wins-the-bidding-contest-over-amazon-verizon-and-others-for-streaming-rights-to-10-of-16-national-football.md) _Context: Verizon Wireless_
3. [Netflix acknowledges it's been slowing its video transmission on wireless mobile carriers around the world, including Verizon and AT&T, for five years to "protect consumers from exceeding mobile data caps." Last week, these carriers were accused of this. The company told "The Wall Street Journal" that T-Mobile or Sprint users weren't affected because, "historically those two companies have had more consumer-friendly policies." In May, Netflix plans to shift some of that control to viewers themselves. ](/news/2016/03/25/netflix-acknowledges-it-s-been-slowing-its-video-transmission-on-wireless-mobile-carriers-around-the-world-including-verizon-and-at-t-for.md) _Context: Verizon Wireless_
4. [Nokia, the telecommunications giant based in Finland, announces that it has gained control of French counterpart Alcatel-Lucent, and sets the date for formal consolidation as January 14. ](/news/2016/01/4/nokia-the-telecommunications-giant-based-in-finland-announces-that-it-has-gained-control-of-french-counterpart-alcatel-lucent-and-sets-th.md) _Context: Alcatel-Lucent_
5. [Google announces that Project Loon - to provide wireless access to four billion unconnected people around the globe in rural and remote areas via Internet-beaming helium balloons in the stratosphere - will be tested in Indonesia in 2016. Currently, one in three Indonesians are connected to the web, mostly via slow connections, in this 17,508-island archipelago of over 250 million people (and about 319 million mobile phones). The company, which also tested Loon-delivered internet in Chile, New Mexico (U.S.), and Sri Lanka, hopes to deliver LTE-speed to more than 100 million unconnected Indonesians in five years. ](/news/2015/10/29/google-announces-that-project-loon-a-to-provide-wireless-access-to-four-billion-unconnected-people-around-the-globe-in-rural-and-remote-ar.md) _Context: wireless_
6. [Nokia announces plans to buy telecommunications equipment maker Alcatel-Lucent for EUR15.6 billion (US$16.6 billion). ](/news/2015/04/15/nokia-announces-plans-to-buy-telecommunications-equipment-maker-alcatel-lucent-for-a-15-6-billion-us-16-6-billion.md) _Context: Alcatel-Lucent_
7. [Verizon Communications agrees to acquire Vodafone's stake in Verizon Wireless for $130 billion, the third largest M&A deal ever. ](/news/2013/09/2/verizon-communications-agrees-to-acquire-vodafone-s-stake-in-verizon-wireless-for-130-billion-the-third-largest-m-a-deal-ever.md) _Context: Verizon Wireless_
8. [T-Mobile USA removes the contract requirement from its mobile phone payment plans, becoming the first of the four major national wireless carriers in the U.S. to do so. ](/news/2013/03/26/t-mobile-usa-removes-the-contract-requirement-from-its-mobile-phone-payment-plans-becoming-the-first-of-the-four-major-national-wireless-ca.md) _Context: wireless_
9. [Google agrees to pay $7 millions to settle a privacy lawsuit over the handling of wireless data. ](/news/2013/03/12/google-agrees-to-pay-7-millions-to-settle-a-privacy-lawsuit-over-the-handling-of-wireless-data.md) _Context: wireless_
10. [Canadian wireless device manufacturer Research In Motion officially unveils BlackBerry 10, the newest version of the operating system for its BlackBerry devices, and announces the first two phones that will run on the new platform. The company also announces it will begin doing business as BlackBerry effective immediately. ](/news/2013/01/30/canadian-wireless-device-manufacturer-research-in-motion-officially-unveils-blackberry-10-the-newest-version-of-the-operating-system-for-it.md) _Context: wireless_
