### [2009-03-22](/news/2009/03/22/index.md)

#  Four police officers are killed in Oakland, California, United States. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2009/CRIME/03/22/california.officers/index.html)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2009/CRIME/03/22/california.officers/index.html?eref=rss_topstories)

### Related:

1. [The United States test launch a Minuteman III missile from California to the Marshall Islands. ](/news/2017/04/26/the-united-states-test-launch-a-minuteman-iii-missile-from-california-to-the-marshall-islands.md) _Context: American, California_
2. [At least nine people are killed and 40 are missing in a warehouse fire in Oakland, California. ](/news/2016/12/2/at-least-nine-people-are-killed-and-40-are-missing-in-a-warehouse-fire-in-oakland-california.md) _Context: California, Oakland, California_
3. [Lake Mead in Mohave County, Arizona, the largest reservoir in the United States, drops to its lowest level in history, declining to its lowest level since it was filled in the 1930s. The reservoir serves water to the states of Arizona, Nevada and California. ](/news/2016/05/21/lake-mead-in-mohave-county-arizona-the-largest-reservoir-in-the-united-states-drops-to-its-lowest-level-in-history-declining-to-its-lowe.md) _Context: American, California_
4. [A group of United States mayors forms ''"Mayors Against Discrimination"'' in the wake of  recent discriminatory laws enacted  in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminatory-laws-enacted-in-north-carol.md) _Context: American, Oakland, California_
5. [In the United States, a Lancair IV plane crashes into a car stopped along a highway, 50 miles north of San Diego, California, killing car passenger Antoinette "Toni" Frances Isbelle, a member of the WFTDA's San Diego Starlettes roller derby team. Five others, including the pilot, are hospitalized. ](/news/2016/04/2/in-the-united-states-a-lancair-iv-plane-crashes-into-a-car-stopped-along-a-highway-50-miles-north-of-san-diego-california-killing-car-pa.md) _Context: American, California_
6. [U.S. federal health officials are investigating an outbreak of deadly E. coli bacteria that has sickened 19 people in California, Colorado, Missouri, Montana, Utah, Virginia, and Washington. Preliminary evidence suggests that rotisserie chicken salad made and sold in Costco Wholesale stores is the likely source. This follows a totally unrelated outbreak earlier this month connected to Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants. Those restaurants have been cleaned, new ingredients ordered, and have been reopened. The Costco E. coli 157 strain, which has caused five people to be hospitalized- two of which developed hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS; which can readily lead to acute renal failure and sepsis), is more dangerous than the Chipotle E. coli 026 strain, though there have been no deaths yet. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-federal-health-officials-are-investigating-an-outbreak-of-deadly-e-coli-bacteria-that-has-sickened-19-people-in-california-colorado.md) _Context: American, California_
7. [In the United States, the California Labor Commission ruled that a San Francisco Uber driver is a company employee, not a contractor. Uber is appealing this ruling, that would increase the company's costs and liabilities, to the state's court system. A hearing for a class certification of a similar lawsuit against Uber is scheduled for August 2015. ](/news/2015/06/17/in-the-united-states-the-california-labor-commission-ruled-that-a-san-francisco-uber-driver-is-a-company-employee-not-a-contractor-uber-i.md) _Context: American, California_
8. [Health authorities in the United States say that 53 people in nine states have been sickened in a salmonella outbreak. California is the worst affected state with 31 cases with the other states with cases include Arizona, Illinois, Mississippi, New Mexico, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin. ](/news/2015/05/21/health-authorities-in-the-united-states-say-that-53-people-in-nine-states-have-been-sickened-in-a-salmonella-outbreak-california-is-the-wor.md) _Context: American, California_
9. [Asiana Airlines says they will sue Oakland, California television station KTVU for defamation after the station reported the wrong names of the pilots of Asiana Airlines Flight 214. ](/news/2013/07/15/asiana-airlines-says-they-will-sue-oakland-california-television-station-ktvu-for-defamation-after-the-station-reported-the-wrong-names-of.md) _Context: California, Oakland, California_
10. [Six people are wounded during a drive-by shooting outside a McDonald's restaurant in East Palo Alto, California, United States. ](/news/2013/05/5/six-people-are-wounded-during-a-drive-by-shooting-outside-a-mcdonald-s-restaurant-in-east-palo-alto-california-united-states.md) _Context: American, California_
