### [2003-01-24](/news/2003/01/24/index.md)

#  War on Terrorism: The United States Department of Homeland Security officially began operation, and former governor Tom Ridge took command. Reorganization of other departments affected by its creation in the United States Government would continue for some time. This represented the largest reorganization of the United States Government since the creation of the United States Department of Defense during World War&nbsp;II.




### Related:

1. [ U.S. Department of Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge resigns. This is the latest in a string of resignations after the 2004 presidential election. ](/news/2004/11/30/u-s-department-of-homeland-security-secretary-tom-ridge-resigns-this-is-the-latest-in-a-string-of-resignations-after-the-2004-presidentia.md) _Context: Tom Ridge, United States Department of Homeland Security_
2. [ In a speech given at the United States Air Force Academy, President Bush compares the present War on Terrorism in the Middle East to World War&nbsp;II in Europe. ](/news/2004/06/2/in-a-speech-given-at-the-united-states-air-force-academy-president-bush-compares-the-present-war-on-terrorism-in-the-middle-east-to-world.md) _Context: War on Terrorism, World War&nbsp;II_
3. [ Tom Ridge is unanimously recommended by a United States Senate subcommittee to be confirmed by the full Senate as head of the new United States Department of Homeland Security which is scheduled to begin operation on January 24.](/news/2003/01/17/tom-ridge-is-unanimously-recommended-by-a-united-states-senate-subcommittee-to-be-confirmed-by-the-full-senate-as-head-of-the-new-united-st.md) _Context: Tom Ridge, United States Department of Homeland Security_
4. [ War on Terrorism: In the first such act since World War&nbsp;II, US President George W. Bush signs an executive order allowing military tribunals against any foreigners suspected of having connections to terrorist acts or planned acts on the United States.](/news/2001/11/13/war-on-terrorism-in-the-first-such-act-since-world-war-nbsp-ii-us-president-george-w-bush-signs-an-executive-order-allowing-military-tri.md) _Context: War on Terrorism, World War&nbsp;II_
5. [The United States Department of Homeland Security will not waive the Merchant Marine Act of 1920 (or "Jones Act") in response to the ongoing disaster in Puerto Rico, even though similar waivers were granted for Houston and parts of Florida, in the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey and Hurricane Irma, respectively. ](/news/2017/09/27/the-united-states-department-of-homeland-security-will-not-waive-the-merchant-marine-act-of-1920-or-jones-act-in-response-to-the-ongoing.md) _Context: United States Department of Homeland Security_
6. [The United States Department of Homeland Security plans to collect the social media information of all immigrants, including green card holders and naturalized citizens, beginning on October 18, 2017. ](/news/2017/09/26/the-united-states-department-of-homeland-security-plans-to-collect-the-social-media-information-of-all-immigrants-including-green-card-hold.md) _Context: United States Department of Homeland Security_
7. [United States Homeland Security bans Kaspersky Lab products from government computers due to fears they could be coerced into sharing information with the Russian government. ](/news/2017/09/13/united-states-homeland-security-bans-kaspersky-lab-products-from-government-computers-due-to-fears-they-could-be-coerced-into-sharing-inform.md) _Context: United States Department of Homeland Security_
8. [Five transgender United States military personnel sue President Donald Trump and top Pentagon officials over the President's policy change announced late last month banning transgender people from serving in the military. The suit asks the court to prevent the ban from going into effect. ](/news/2017/08/9/five-transgender-united-states-military-personnel-sue-president-donald-trump-and-top-pentagon-officials-over-the-president-s-policy-change-a.md) _Context: U.S. military_
9. [The Pentagon is considering conducting airstrikes in Marawi, which if approved would later put U.S. troops on the ground to battle the ISIS-affiliated Maute group as well as related Islamist terror groups. A spokesperson later denied the claims as well as clarified that the Philippines has yet to make a request. ](/news/2017/08/8/the-pentagon-is-considering-conducting-airstrikes-in-marawi-which-if-approved-would-later-put-u-s-troops-on-the-ground-to-battle-the-isis.md) _Context: U.S. military_
10. [The South Korean military reports North Korea has fired several short-range projectiles into the sea from its eastern Kangwon province. The U.S. military says three short-range missile launches either exploded on launch or failed in flight. ](/news/2017/08/26/the-south-korean-military-reports-north-korea-has-fired-several-short-range-projectiles-into-the-sea-from-its-eastern-kangwon-province-the.md) _Context: U.S. military_
