### [2014-07-31](/news/2014/07/31/index.md)

# 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: War in Donbass:. The Ukrainian government declares a unilateral one-day cease-fire in order to facilitate for a team of forensics experts and crash investigators to reach the site where Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 went down two weeks ago, after days of delay caused by heavy fighting in the area. 

The military is suspending an offensive against rebels as a test in response to the U.N. chief&rsquo;s appeal.


### Source:

1. [Kyiv Post](http://www.kyivpost.com/content/ukraine/at-least-363-soldiers-killed-in-russias-war-against-ukraine-358839.html)
2. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/europe/ukraine-declares-one-day-cease-fire-in-east/2014/07/31/6371eb6a-189f-11e4-9349-84d4a85be981_story.html)

### Related:

1. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 17; 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine. Dutch-led investigators say Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 was downed over eastern Ukraine in 2014 by a Buk missile that had come from Russia. ](/news/2016/09/28/malaysia-airlines-flight-17-2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-dutch-led-investigators-say-malaysia-airlines-flight-mh17-was-downed-over-e.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Malaysia Airlines Flight 17_
2. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: War in Donbass:. Ukrainian government forces recapture control of Marinka on the western edge of the pro-Russian rebel-held city of Donetsk. ](/news/2014/08/5/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-war-in-donbass-ukrainian-government-forces-recapture-control-of-marinka-on-the-western-edge-of-the-pro.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, War in Donbass_
3. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: War in Donbass:. Ukrainian government forces recapture control of Yasynuvata from pro-Russian insurgents; government troops have now all but encircled the rebels' second-largest stronghold of Luhansk, and rebels declared a "state of siege" in Donetsk. ](/news/2014/08/4/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-war-in-donbass-ukrainian-government-forces-recapture-control-of-yasynuvata-from-pro-russian-insurgents.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, War in Donbass_
4. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: War in Donbass:. The pro-Russian separatists in Donetsk, who are now in great danger of being encircled by the Ukraine government forces, renew their calls for Russia to send troops and arms to their aid. ](/news/2014/08/3/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-war-in-donbass-the-pro-russian-separatists-in-donetsk-who-are-now-in-great-danger-of-being-encircled.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, War in Donbass_
5. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: War in Donbass:. Ukrainian forces retake control of the towns of Krasnohorivka and Staromykhailivka, outside the pro-Russian rebels' stronghold of Donetsk. ](/news/2014/08/2/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-war-in-donbass-ukrainian-forces-retake-control-of-the-towns-of-krasnohorivka-and-staromykhailivka-out.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, War in Donbass_
6. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: War in Donbass:. Vladimir Antyufeyev, a Russian citizen and veteran of the pro-Russian separatist rebellion in Moldova, takes over as head of Donetsk People's Republic rebellion after self-labeled "prime minister" Alexander Borodai reportedly disappeared for Russia. ](/news/2014/08/1/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-war-in-donbass-vladimir-antyufeyev-a-russian-citizen-and-veteran-of-the-pro-russian-separatist-rebell.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, War in Donbass_
7. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: War in Donbass:. Fighting intensifies in the east as Ukraine forces recapture control of the strategic town of Avdiivka from pro-Russian insurgents. ](/news/2014/07/30/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-war-in-donbass-fighting-intensifies-in-the-east-as-ukraine-forces-recapture-control-of-the-strategic-t.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, War in Donbass_
8. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:. Pro-Russian separatist commander Alexander Khodakovsky of the Vostok Battalion confirms that the rebels did possess the BUK missile system - believed to have shot down Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 - originating from Russia, and it could have been sent back to Russia subsequently to remove proof of its presence. ](/news/2014/07/23/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-pro-russian-separatist-commander-alexander-khodakovsky-of-the-vostok-battalion-confirms-that-the-rebels.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Malaysia Airlines Flight 17_
9. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine. Fighting restarts near Donetsk as international investigators arrive to examine the crash of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17. ](/news/2014/07/21/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-fighting-restarts-near-donetsk-as-international-investigators-arrive-to-examine-the-crash-of-malaysia-ai.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Malaysia Airlines Flight 17_
10. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 and 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine. Separatist rebels take all the 196 bodies from Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 to an undisclosed location. ](/news/2014/07/20/malaysia-airlines-flight-17-and-2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-separatist-rebels-take-all-the-196-bodies-from-malaysia-airlines-flight.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Malaysia Airlines Flight 17_
