### [2006-05-14](/news/2006/05/14/index.md)

#  Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, Tony Blair, signs a petition in support of animal testing and condemns the acts of animal-rights extremists. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/4767875.stm)

### Related:

1. [Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair's autobiography "A Journey" goes on sale in the United Kingdom and becomes a bestseller. ](/news/2010/09/1/former-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-s-autobiography-a-journey-goes-on-sale-in-the-united-kingdom-and-becomes-a-bestseller.md) _Context: Britain, Tony Blair_
2. [The BBC intervenes and tensions escalate after the UK cabinet members' threat to boycott "Question Time" unless Alastair Campbell, former adviser to Tony Blair, is removed from the panel. ](/news/2010/05/28/the-bbc-intervenes-and-tensions-escalate-after-the-uk-cabinet-members-threat-to-boycott-question-time-unless-alastair-campbell-former-ad.md) _Context: Britain, Tony Blair_
3. [Tony Blair appears at the Iraq Inquiry and is questioned in public for the first time about his decision to take the United Kingdom to war against Iraq. ](/news/2010/01/29/tony-blair-appears-at-the-iraq-inquiry-and-is-questioned-in-public-for-the-first-time-about-his-decision-to-take-the-united-kingdom-to-war-a.md) _Context: Britain, Tony Blair_
4. [ "Prime Minister Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:". Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions.. Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister.. Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.. Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy.. Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government.. Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/prime-minister-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-parl.md) _Context: Britain, Tony Blair_
5. [ Iranian seizure of British Navy personnel:. A Royal Navy sailor identified as Nathan Thomas Summers appeared on Iranian TV, admitting to and apologizing for entering Iranian territory and his government's wartime actions in general. Tony Blair dismisses the statement as forced. ](/news/2007/03/30/iranian-seizure-of-british-navy-personnel-a-royal-navy-sailor-identified-as-nathan-thomas-summers-appeared-on-iranian-tv-admitting-to-an.md) _Context: Britain, Tony Blair_
6. [ UK Prime Minister Tony Blair says people are "increasingly alarmed" by Iran's nuclear program but military action was not being planned against it. ](/news/2007/02/6/uk-prime-minister-tony-blair-says-people-are-increasingly-alarmed-by-iran-s-nuclear-program-but-military-action-was-not-being-planned-aga.md) _Context: Britain, Tony Blair_
7. [ In the United Kingdom junior defense minister Tom Watson and six Parliamentary Private Secretaries (Khalid Mahmood, Wayne David, Ian Lucas, Mark Tami, Chris Mole and David Wright) resign over Tony Blair's continuing refusal to declare when he will step down as Prime Minister. ](/news/2006/09/6/in-the-united-kingdom-junior-defense-minister-tom-watson-and-six-parliamentary-private-secretaries-khalid-mahmood-wayne-david-ian-lucas.md) _Context: Britain, Tony Blair_
8. [ UK Prime Minister Tony Blair makes his final speech at a Labour Party Conference. ](/news/2006/09/26/uk-prime-minister-tony-blair-makes-his-final-speech-at-a-labour-party-conference.md) _Context: Britain, Tony Blair_
9. [ Darfur conflict: On the eve of the International Day for Darfur, British Prime Minister Tony Blair insists the government of Sudan must start to "live up to its obligations" towards the war-torn region. ](/news/2006/09/16/darfur-conflict-on-the-eve-of-the-international-day-for-darfur-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-insists-the-government-of-sudan-must-sta.md) _Context: Britain, Tony Blair_
10. [ Following significant Labour Party losses in the English local elections, British Prime Minister Tony Blair announces the largest Cabinet reshuffle of his tenure. The changes include sacking embattled Home Secretary Charles Clarke, the demotion of long-serving Foreign Secretary Jack Straw, and the stripping from Deputy Prime Minister John Prescott of his departmental portfolio. ](/news/2006/05/5/following-significant-labour-party-losses-in-the-english-local-elections-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-announces-the-largest-cabinet-r.md) _Context: Britain, Tony Blair_
