### [2006-05-14](/news/2006/05/14/index.md)

#  The IDF killed Elias al-Ashkar, the senior Islamic Jihad commander in the Jenin area who was accused of planning several suicide attacks that killed nearly 30 people, including US high-school student Daniel Wultz. Six other Palestinians were also killed. 

Things to do in Miami


### Source:

1. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/715651.html)
2. [Israel MFA](http://www.mfa.gov.il/MFA/Terrorism-+Obstacle+to+Peace/Terrorism+and+Islamic+Fundamentalism-/IDF+Naval+craft+seized+several+hundred+kg+of+explosives+14-May-2006.htm)
3. [Miami Herald](http://www.miami.com/mld/miamiherald/14581043.htm)
4. [The Statesman](http://www.thestatesman.net/page.news.php?clid=8&theme=&usrsess=1&id=116290)

### Related:

1. [Israeli forces kill 2 Palestinian militants of the al-Quds Brigades of the Islamic Jihad who were planting an explosive device to be used against an Israeli patrol near the border in the southern Gaza Strip. ](/news/2010/12/26/israeli-forces-kill-2-palestinian-militants-of-the-al-quds-brigades-of-the-islamic-jihad-who-were-planting-an-explosive-device-to-be-used-ag.md) _Context: Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel Defense Forces_
2. [An Islamic Jihad terrorist is killed when three men who approached an Israeli security fence from the Gaza Strip are fired upon by Israel Defense Forces tanks. ](/news/2010/10/27/an-islamic-jihad-terrorist-is-killed-when-three-men-who-approached-an-israeli-security-fence-from-the-gaza-strip-are-fired-upon-by-israel-de.md) _Context: Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel Defense Forces_
3. [ Israeli Defense Forces and Hamas and Islamic Jihad militants battle in Sheikh Ajleen, a suburb of Gaza City. ](/news/2009/01/11/israeli-defense-forces-and-hamas-and-islamic-jihad-militants-battle-in-sheikh-ajleen-a-suburb-of-gaza-city.md) _Context: Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel Defense Forces_
4. [ The Palestinian Journalist Syndicate criticizes Islamic Jihad militants for using a vehicle marked with a "TV" sign to approach Gaza's frontier border with Israel in an attempt to kidnap an Israel Defense Forces soldier from a position across the border. ](/news/2007/06/10/the-palestinian-journalist-syndicate-criticizes-islamic-jihad-militants-for-using-a-vehicle-marked-with-a-tv-sign-to-approach-gaza-s-fron.md) _Context: Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel Defense Forces_
5. [ Israeli troops kill one Palestinian and Iyad Abu Rob, a suspected senior member of Islamic Jihad surrenders after a day-long siege, in the Palestinian refugee camp of Jenin. ](/news/2005/11/23/israeli-troops-kill-one-palestinian-and-iyad-abu-rob-a-suspected-senior-member-of-islamic-jihad-surrenders-after-a-day-long-siege-in-the.md) _Context: Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Jenin_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: An Israel Defense Forces soldier is seriously wounded and later dies of his wounds in an overnight arrest raids near the West Bank town of Jenin. ](/news/2005/11/2/israeli-palestinian-conflict-an-israel-defense-forces-soldier-is-seriously-wounded-and-later-dies-of-his-wounds-in-an-overnight-arrest-rai.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Jenin_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel kills senior Hamas official, Ismail Abu Shanab, by a missile strike in the Gaza Strip and sent tanks into the West Bank towns of Nablus, Jenin and Tulkarem in response to a deadly suicide bombing of a bus in Jerusalem. In Hebron, troops destroy the terrorist bomber's home. Hamas and Islamic Jihad end their participation in the cease fire (in response to Israel's action from the two groups' bombing), declaring themselves as enemies to the peace plan, and vow further terrorist acts. The militants demand that Palestinian prime minister, Mahmoud Abbas, leave their area of control.](/news/2003/08/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-kills-senior-hamas-official-ismail-abu-shanab-by-a-missile-strike-in-the-gaza-strip-and-sent-tanks-i.md) _Context: Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Jenin_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: In the West Bank village of Akraba, Jewish settlers fire upon Palestinians picking olives, shooting dead 24-year-old Hani Yusuf and wounding another. Israelis soldiers shoot dead Samir Nursi, an Islamic Jihad gunman, in a gun battle in the Jenin refugee camp.](/news/2002/10/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-in-the-west-bank-village-of-akraba-jewish-settlers-fire-upon-palestinians-picking-olives-shooting-dead-24-y.md) _Context: Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Jenin_
9. [Three police officers are killed in a suicide bombing at a bus station in Jatinegara, Jakarta. ](/news/2017/05/24/three-police-officers-are-killed-in-a-suicide-bombing-at-a-bus-station-in-jatinegara-jakarta.md) _Context: suicide bombing_
10. [Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu cancels a visit with the foreign minister of Germany Sigmar Gabriel after the latter's refusal to cancel a meeting with the Israel Defense Forces veterans NGO Breaking the Silence saying the group "slanders IDF soldiers as war criminals](/news/2017/04/25/prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-cancels-a-visit-with-the-foreign-minister-of-germany-sigmar-gabriel-after-the-latter-s-refusal-t.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces_
