### [2016-09-19](/news/2016/09/19/index.md)

# In 2015, more than 100,000 people in Indonesia, Malaysia, and Singapore may have died as a result of forest fires in Southeast Asia. The continued poor air quality also continues to affect the health of more than 42 million Indonesians. 




### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/asia_pacific/study-estimates-100000-premature-deaths-from-indonesia-haze/2016/09/19/a62d7d6e-7e20-11e6-ad0e-ab0d12c779b1_story.html)

### Related:

1. [The haze from Indonesian forest fires worsens leaving Singapore and parts of Indonesia and Malaysia covered in smog. ](/news/2015/09/22/the-haze-from-indonesian-forest-fires-worsens-leaving-singapore-and-parts-of-indonesia-and-malaysia-covered-in-smog.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore_
2. [2013 Southeast Asian haze: Haze from Indonesian forest fires in Sumatra increase air pollution in Singapore and Malaysia to hazardous levels. ](/news/2013/06/20/2013-southeast-asian-haze-haze-from-indonesian-forest-fires-in-sumatra-increase-air-pollution-in-singapore-and-malaysia-to-hazardous-levels.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore_
3. [ Two earthquakes measuring 6.4 and 6.3 on the Moment magnitude scale hit Sumatra in Indonesia, with the epicenter near Lake Singkarak. At least 82 fatalities are currently reported. The earthquakes were felt as far as in Malaysia and Singapore. ](/news/2007/03/6/two-earthquakes-measuring-6-4-and-6-3-on-the-moment-magnitude-scale-hit-sumatra-in-indonesia-with-the-epicenter-near-lake-singkarak-at-le.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore_
4. [ Malaysia, Indonesia and Singapore agree to joint anti-piracy patrols in the Malacca Strait. ](/news/2005/08/2/malaysia-indonesia-and-singapore-agree-to-joint-anti-piracy-patrols-in-the-malacca-strait.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore_
5. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia_
6. [Indonesia, Malaysia and the Philippines begin joint patrols in the pirate havens within the Celebes and Sulu Seas. ](/news/2017/06/19/indonesia-malaysia-and-the-philippines-begin-joint-patrols-in-the-pirate-havens-within-the-celebes-and-sulu-seas.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia_
7. [The Zika virus outbreak in Singapore which has infected over 200 people likely evolved from Southeast Asia. ](/news/2016/09/4/the-zika-virus-outbreak-in-singapore-which-has-infected-over-200-people-likely-evolved-from-southeast-asia.md) _Context: Asia, Singapore_
8. [A South Korean palm oil company is accused of causing the wildfires in Indonesia. ](/news/2016/09/1/a-south-korean-palm-oil-company-is-accused-of-causing-the-wildfires-in-indonesia.md) _Context: 2016 Southeast Asian haze, Indonesia_
9. [Fires in Indonesia burn and blow smoke into Singapore, engulfing the city-state into darkness. ](/news/2016/08/26/fires-in-indonesia-burn-and-blow-smoke-into-singapore-engulfing-the-city-state-into-darkness.md) _Context: Indonesia, Singapore_
10. [A Malaysian oil tanker, MT ''Vier Harmoni'', is hijacked off the coast of Malaysia and is believed to have been taken to Indonesian waters near the island of Batam, according to the Malaysian Maritime Enforcement Agency. The identity of the hijackers is not yet known. ](/news/2016/08/17/a-malaysian-oil-tanker-mt-vier-harmoni-is-hijacked-off-the-coast-of-malaysia-and-is-believed-to-have-been-taken-to-indonesian-waters-n.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia_
