### [2009-05-25](/news/2009/05/25/index.md)

#  Nine United Kingdom Cabinet ministers have been implicated in Parliament's expenses scandal. 

Britain&#39;s Chancellor of the Exchequer is among nine cabinet members who allegedly used taxpayers&#39; money to pay for personal accountancy advice.


### Source:

1. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2009/0525/ukpolitics.html)

### Related:

1. [ Former United Kingdom Cabinet Ministers Hazel Blears, James Purnell, John Hutton, and Caroline Flint coordinated their resignations to compel Prime Minister Gordon Brown to also resign. ](/news/2009/06/7/former-united-kingdom-cabinet-ministers-hazel-blears-james-purnell-john-hutton-and-caroline-flint-coordinated-their-resignations-to-comp.md) _Context: Britain, British Cabinet, Ministers_
2. [ Member of Parliament for Scunthorpe Elliot Morley will resign at the United Kingdom's 2010 General Election. ](/news/2009/05/29/member-of-parliament-for-scunthorpe-elliot-morley-will-resign-at-the-united-kingdom-s-2010-general-election.md) _Context: Britain, Parliament, resignation_
3. [The Trump Administration announces this year's presidential state visit to the United Kingdom is delayed until at least 2018. Both the White House and 10 Downing Street state the two countries had been unable to agree on a 2017 date. This planned visit has drawn protests in the United Kingdom since February, and more than 1.8 million signatures on a petition to Parliament to cancel the meeting. ](/news/2017/07/11/the-trump-administration-announces-this-year-s-presidential-state-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-is-delayed-until-at-least-2018-both-the-white.md) _Context: Britain, Parliament_
4. [A petition, launched Sunday to cancel U.S. President Donald Trump's state visit to the United Kingdom later this year, tops 1 million signatures, passing the threshold for British Parliament debate. A British government spokesman says the state visit is going ahead as planned. ](/news/2017/01/30/a-petition-launched-sunday-to-cancel-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-state-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-later-this-year-tops-1-million-signat.md) _Context: Britain, Parliament_
5. [On January 18, 2016, the British Parliament will debate a petition, signed by more than 560,000 people, calling for the Home Secretary to ban United States Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump from entering the United Kingdom because of 'hate speech' that is unacceptable behavior, non-conducive to the public good. The conclusion reached by the lawmakers will not be binding on the UK government. ](/news/2016/01/5/on-january-18-2016-the-british-parliament-will-debate-a-petition-signed-by-more-than-560-000-people-calling-for-the-home-secretary-to-ba.md) _Context: Britain, Parliament_
6. [The British Parliament debates a petition, signed by more than 560,000 people, calling for the Home Secretary to ban, because of 'hate speech,' United States Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump from entering the United Kingdom. Almost all of the 50 MPs (member of parliament), of the 650-member legislative body, present criticized Trump -- especially his comments on Muslims -- but few supported an entry ban. ](/news/2016/01/18/the-british-parliament-debates-a-petition-signed-by-more-than-560-000-people-calling-for-the-home-secretary-to-ban-because-of-hate-speec.md) _Context: Britain, Parliament_
7. [Britain is reviewing the powers of the House of Lords after the unelected peers stalled legislation yesterday that would have eliminated some tax allowances for the nation's poor. Senior Conservatives say the upper chamber of Parliament stepped out of their usual roles as technical overseers of legislation. However, Conservative MP David Davis warned that such a move was "bully politics" that would "disgust" the public. ](/news/2015/10/27/britain-is-reviewing-the-powers-of-the-house-of-lords-after-the-unelected-peers-stalled-legislation-yesterday-that-would-have-eliminated-som.md) _Context: Britain, Parliament_
8. [In the United Kingdom, the unelected House of Lords, Parliament's upper house, delays by three years reductions in tax credits paid to working people that would have cost affected families an average of GBP1,300 ($2,000) a year. This is the first major setback for George Osborne, Chancellor of the Exchequer, since the general election. Osborne said the government will "lessen" the impact of tax credit cuts for those affected, while vowing to press on with changes designed to save billions from welfare. ](/news/2015/10/26/in-the-united-kingdom-the-unelected-house-of-lords-parliamentas-upper-house-delays-by-three-years-reductions-in-tax-credits-paid-to-wor.md) _Context: Britain, Parliament_
9. [The Parliament of the United Kingdom gather for a special session to debate the legacy of former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher. ](/news/2013/04/10/the-parliament-of-the-united-kingdom-gather-for-a-special-session-to-debate-the-legacy-of-former-prime-minister-margaret-thatcher.md) _Context: Britain, Parliament_
10. [Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom attends a Cabinet meeting for the first time to receive a gift in honour of her Diamond Jubilee, including having an area of the British Antarctic Territory named for her. It is believed to be the first time that a British monarch has attended a Cabinet meeting in peace-time since Queen Victoria's reign. ](/news/2012/12/18/queen-elizabeth-ii-of-the-united-kingdom-attends-a-cabinet-meeting-for-the-first-time-to-receive-a-gift-in-honour-of-her-diamond-jubilee-in.md) _Context: Britain, British Cabinet_
