### [2011-10-25](/news/2011/10/25/index.md)

# Following severe flooding in Ireland and parts of the United Kingdom, two apparent flood deaths are reported in the Irish capital Dublin. 

A clean-up operation got under way today after torrential rains hit the Dublin region Monday.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-northern-ireland-15442031)
2. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2011/1025/weather_updates_tuesday.html)

### Related:

1. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Britain, Ireland_
2. [The fourth named windstorm of the season makes landfall across the United Kingdom and Ireland, bringing high winds and serious flooding. ](/news/2015/12/5/the-fourth-named-windstorm-of-the-season-makes-landfall-across-the-united-kingdom-and-ireland-bringing-high-winds-and-serious-flooding.md) _Context: Britain, Ireland_
3. [Myanmar tops the 2015 Charities Aid Foundation's World Giving Index which measures each country's charitable behavior. Individuals indicate whether they have donated money, volunteered, or helped a stranger in the past month. The United States, which tied with Myanmar last year, is second, followed by New Zealand, Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Sri Lanka, Ireland, and Malaysia. ](/news/2015/11/10/myanmar-tops-the-2015-charities-aid-foundation-s-world-giving-index-which-measures-each-country-s-charitable-behavior-individuals-indicate.md) _Context: Britain, Ireland_
4. [In Amenas hostage crisis:Suspected Islamic militants take over a BP facility in In Amenas, Algeria, killing at least 2 workers and taking up to 40 others hostage, including 13 Norwegians, a number of Americans, as well as nationals from Ireland, Japan, France and the United Kingdom. A previously unknown group allied to al-Qaeda's regional branch says the attack is in revenge for Algeria's support of the French operation against Islamic rebels in Mali. ](/news/2013/01/16/in-ama-c-nas-hostage-crisis-psuspected-islamic-militants-take-over-a-bp-facility-in-in-ama-c-nas-algeria-killing-at-least-2-workers-and-taking.md) _Context: Britain, Ireland_
5. [Myanmar democracy activist Aung San Suu Kyi returns to Europe after more than two decades for a European tour, including Norway, Switzerland, France, Ireland and Britain. ](/news/2012/06/13/myanmar-democracy-activist-aung-san-suu-kyi-returns-to-europe-after-more-than-two-decades-for-a-european-tour-including-norway-switzerland.md) _Context: Britain, Ireland_
6. [Law enforcement agencies in the United States, United Kingdom and Ireland arrest alleged senior members of the computer hacking group Lulz Sec, including a member of the FBI. ](/news/2012/03/6/law-enforcement-agencies-in-the-united-states-united-kingdom-and-ireland-arrest-alleged-senior-members-of-the-computer-hacking-group-lulz-s.md) _Context: Britain, Ireland_
7. [English musician PJ Harvey wins her second Mercury Prize for best album from the United Kingdom and Ireland for her album ''Let England Shake''. ](/news/2011/09/6/english-musician-pj-harvey-wins-her-second-mercury-prize-for-best-album-from-the-united-kingdom-and-ireland-for-her-album-let-england-shak.md) _Context: Britain, Ireland_
8. [U.S. President Barack Obama addresses an audience at College Green in Dublin, speaking of strong ties between the United States and Ireland. ](/news/2011/05/23/u-s-president-barack-obama-addresses-an-audience-at-college-green-in-dublin-speaking-of-strong-ties-between-the-united-states-and-ireland.md) _Context: Dublin, Ireland_
9. [UK royal state visit to Ireland: Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom visits Croke Park in Dublin, where British troops killed 20 people in the Bloody Sunday massacre of 1920. ](/news/2011/05/18/uk-royal-state-visit-to-ireland-queen-elizabeth-ii-of-the-united-kingdom-visits-croke-park-in-dublin-where-british-troops-killed-20-people.md) _Context: Britain, Dublin_
10. [G20 summitLeaders from Germany, France and the United Kingdom hold an emergency meeting at the 2010 G-20 Seoul summit after panic selling of Irish debt spreads to Spain and Portugal. ](/news/2010/11/12/g20-summitpleaders-from-germany-france-and-the-united-kingdom-hold-an-emergency-meeting-at-the-2010-g-20-seoul-summit-after-panic-selling-o.md) _Context: Britain, Ireland_
