### [2011-10-25](/news/2011/10/25/index.md)

# The last of the United States' nine-megaton B53 warheads, formerly the most powerful nuclear weapons in the country's nuclear arsenal, is disassembled near Amarillo, Texas, having been in service since 1962. 

The last B53 nuclear bomb, a powerful weapon some 600 times more powerful than the Hiroshima bomb, is dismantled in Texas.


### Source:

1. [AP](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/U/US_NUKE_BOMB_DISASSEMBLY?SITE=OKOKL&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-15453872)

### Related:

1. [List of offenders executed in the United States in 2017: Arkansas becomes the first U.S. state since Texas in 2000 to hold two executions on the same day as executes convicted murderers Jack Jones, Jr. and Marcel Williams. ](/news/2017/04/24/list-of-offenders-executed-in-the-united-states-in-2017-arkansas-becomes-the-first-u-s-state-since-texas-in-2000-to-hold-two-executions-on.md) _Context: Texas, United States_
2. [A head on crash between a pickup truck and a church bus outside Garner State Park in the American state of Texas kills at least 12 people and injures 3 others. ](/news/2017/03/29/a-head-on-crash-between-a-pickup-truck-and-a-church-bus-outside-garner-state-park-in-the-american-state-of-texas-kills-at-least-12-people-an.md) _Context: Texas, United States_
3. [2015-16 Zika virus epidemic: Texas confirms its first case of locally transmitted Zika virus by mosquitoes, becoming the second U.S. state to report a local transmission of the virus after Florida. The Texas Department of State Health Services says the case involves a woman living in Cameron County, who is not pregnant. ](/news/2016/11/28/2015-16-zika-virus-epidemic-texas-confirms-its-first-case-of-locally-transmitted-zika-virus-by-mosquitoes-becoming-the-second-u-s-state.md) _Context: Texas, United States_
4. [Bahamian-United States relations: 2016 shooting of Dallas police officers: Following the death of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile and the shooting of white police officers in Dallas, Texas, The Bahamas issues a rare travel warning for its citizens traveling to the United States. ](/news/2016/07/9/bahamian-united-states-relations-2016-shooting-of-dallas-police-officers-following-the-death-of-alton-sterling-and-philando-castile-and.md) _Context: Texas, United States_
5. [Houston mayoral election, 2015: Residents in the United States' fourth largest city are voting in a runoff election to choose the new mayor of Houston, Texas. The race is between the top two finishers in November's non-partisan election: Sylvester Turner, a veteran lawmaker seeking to expand economic opportunities; and, Bill King, a businessman pledging to fix city finances. ](/news/2015/12/12/houston-mayoral-election-2015-residents-in-the-united-states-fourth-largest-city-are-voting-in-a-runoff-election-to-choose-the-new-mayor.md) _Context: Texas, United States_
6. [A slow moving wintry storm system is responsible for more than a dozen deaths in the U.S. states of Texas, Oklahoma and Kansas. ](/news/2015/11/28/a-slow-moving-wintry-storm-system-is-responsible-for-more-than-a-dozen-deaths-in-the-u-s-states-of-texas-oklahoma-and-kansas.md) _Context: Texas, United States_
7. [All four crew members aboard a United States military helicopter (UH-60) are killed when their chopper crashes at Fort Hood in Killeen, Texas. ](/news/2015/11/23/all-four-crew-members-aboard-a-united-states-military-helicopter-uh-60-are-killed-when-their-chopper-crashes-at-fort-hood-in-killeen-texa.md) _Context: Texas, United States_
8. [In the United States, the National Weather Service issues a blizzard warning for northeastern Colorado and western Kansas with an expected snowfall by midday of 12 inches in Denver, Colorado. Denver International Airport cancels 143 arriving and departing flighits. Several tornadoes occur overnight in northern Texas, western Kansas, and southern Nebraska. ](/news/2015/11/17/in-the-united-states-the-national-weather-service-issues-a-blizzard-warning-for-northeastern-colorado-and-western-kansas-with-an-expected-s.md) _Context: Texas, United States_
9. [The United States confirms Iran tested a medium-range missile capable of delivering a nuclear weapon, in "clear violation" of a United Nations Security Council ban on ballistic missile tests. ](/news/2015/10/16/the-united-states-confirms-iran-tested-a-medium-range-missile-capable-of-delivering-a-nuclear-weapon-in-clear-violation-of-a-united-natio.md) _Context: United States, nuclear warheads_
10. [Ebola virus disease in the United States: The first person who was diagnosed with ebola in the United States, Thomas Eric Duncan, a Liberian man, dies in Dallas, Texas. ](/news/2014/10/8/ebola-virus-disease-in-the-united-states-the-first-person-who-was-diagnosed-with-ebola-in-the-united-states-thomas-eric-duncan-a-liberian.md) _Context: Texas, United States_
