### [2004-09-3](/news/2004/09/3/index.md)

#  At the request of Syria, and in defiance of United Nations Security Council Resolution 1559, Lebanon amends its constitution to allow President mile Lahoud to serve an additional term. 




### Source:

1. [NYT](http://www.nytimes.com/aponline/international/AP-Lebanon-President.html)

### Related:

1. [ Lebanese Prime Minister Rafiq Hariri resigns and says he will leave the government, ending several weeks of conflict between Hariri and the Syrian-backed President, mile Lahoud. Lahoud's term in office was extended last month, allegedly as a result of pressure from Syria; in response, the United Nations Security Council passed a resolution condemning foreign interference in Lebanon and demanding the withdrawal of foreign troops. ](/news/2004/10/20/lebanese-prime-minister-rafiq-hariri-resigns-and-says-he-will-leave-the-government-ending-several-weeks-of-conflict-between-hariri-and-the.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria, United Nations Security Council, mile Lahoud_
2. [ The United Nations Security Council passed a UNSC resolution (S/RES/1636 (2005)) which requests urgently and forcefully Syria's full cooperation with the investigation into the assassination of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri. ](/news/2005/11/1/the-united-nations-security-council-passed-a-unsc-resolution-s-res-1636-2005-which-requests-urgently-and-forcefully-syria-s-full-cooper.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria, United Nations Security Council_
3. [ In Lebanon, opposition leaders blame Syria for the death of Samir Qasir and demand resignation of president mile Lahoud ](/news/2005/06/3/in-lebanon-opposition-leaders-blame-syria-for-the-death-of-samir-qasir-and-demand-resignation-of-president-emile-lahoud.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria, mile Lahoud_
4. [ In Lebanon, victorious anti-Syria coalition demands resignation of pro-Syrian president mile Lahoud. They hold him responsible for assassinations of opposition figures ](/news/2005/06/23/in-lebanon-victorious-anti-syria-coalition-demands-resignation-of-pro-syrian-president-emile-lahoud-they-hold-him-responsible-for-assassi.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria, mile Lahoud_
5. [ Lebanese President mile Lahoud, reappoints Omar Karami as Prime Minister of Lebanon and asks him to form a new government, less than two weeks after Karami resigned in the face of anti-Syrian protests. ](/news/2005/03/10/lebanese-president-emile-lahoud-reappoints-omar-karami-as-prime-minister-of-lebanon-and-asks-him-to-form-a-new-government-less-than-two-w.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria, mile Lahoud_
6. [ Lebanese President mile Lahoud names staunch pro-Syrian politician Omar Karami as Prime Minister following Rafic Hariri's resignation on October 20, 2004. Karami, Prime Minister from 1990 to 1992, was forced to resign in 1992. ](/news/2004/10/21/lebanese-president-emile-lahoud-names-staunch-pro-syrian-politician-omar-karami-as-prime-minister-following-rafic-hariri-s-resignation-on-o.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria, mile Lahoud_
7. [The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-israeli-air-force-launches-several-airstrikes-on-targets-inside-syria-and-for-the-first-time-publicly-claims-responsibility-syrian-ai.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria_
8. [The United Nations Security Council unanimously votes in favor of the Russian and Turkey-backed ceasefire currently in effect in Syria. ](/news/2017/01/1/the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-votes-in-favor-of-the-russian-and-turkey-backed-ceasefire-currently-in-effect-in-syria.md) _Context: Syria, United Nations Security Council_
9. [France seeks United States and Russian support for a Security Council resolution to impose a new truce that will allow aid into Aleppo, which has experienced two weeks of heavy Syrian and Russian bombing of rebel-held areas. ](/news/2016/10/5/france-seeks-united-states-and-russian-support-for-a-security-council-resolution-to-impose-a-new-truce-that-will-allow-aid-into-aleppo-whic.md) _Context: Syria, United Nations Security Council_
10. [A suicide bomber attacks the Lebanese village of Qaa near the Syrian border, with at least six people dead and 13 people injured. ](/news/2016/06/27/a-suicide-bomber-attacks-the-lebanese-village-of-qaa-near-the-syrian-border-with-at-least-six-people-dead-and-13-people-injured.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria_
