### [2004-09-3](/news/2004/09/3/index.md)

#  The hostage crisis in Beslan, North Ossetia, Russia, ends violently as fighting erupts in the early afternoon between the hostage-takers and Russian special forces. Special forces teams storm the school, in attempt to save the remaining hostages, after two explosions are heard and the hostage-takers fire on a medical team attempting to remove dead bodies. Several hundred people die in the ensuing battle; the hostage-takers shoot some hostages are shot in the back as the hostages attempt to flee. Official reports list 335 confirmed dead, including 156 children, and more than 700 wounded; 176 remain missing. Some of the hostage-takers briefly escape, but eventually all are reported killed or captured by Russian authorities. (BBC: [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-1-hi-world-europe-3624024.stm 1], [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-1-hi-world-europe-3624024.stm 2], [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-europe-3624024.stm 3], Interfax: [http:--www2.interfax.ru-eng-news-politics-040903-64859-story.html 1], [http:--www.interfax.ru-e-B-0-28.html?id_issue=10699281 2])




### Related:

1. [ Beslan school hostage crisis: Armed men and women continue to hold over 1,300 adults and children hostage in Beslan, North Ossetia, Russia. Russian authorities announce that they have, for the moment, ruled out the use of force to end the standoff, while Chechen rebel leader Aslan Maskhadov denies that his forces are responsible. Late in the day, 26 women and children are released by the hostage-takers. (BBC: [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-europe-3620498.stm 1], [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-europe-3621418.stm 2])](/news/2004/09/2/beslan-school-hostage-crisis-armed-men-and-women-continue-to-hold-over-1-300-adults-and-children-hostage-in-beslan-north-ossetia-russia.md) _Context: Beslan, North Ossetia, hostage_
2. [ Beslan hostage crisis: Approximately 30 armed men and women seize a school in Beslan, North Ossetia, a Russian city close to Chechnya, taking over 1,300 adults and children hostage. Russian police and army units quickly surround the school, beginning a three-day standoff. ](/news/2004/09/1/beslan-hostage-crisis-approximately-30-armed-men-and-women-seize-a-school-in-beslan-north-ossetia-a-russian-city-close-to-chechnya-taki.md) _Context: Beslan, North Ossetia, hostage_
3. [ U.S.-led special forces free three Italians and a Pole held hostage in Iraq. They are among the civilians kidnapped on April 12 near Baghdad. At that time, a fifth hostage was murdered after Italy refused the kidnappers' demands to withdraw its troops from Iraq. ](/news/2004/06/8/u-s-led-special-forces-free-three-italians-and-a-pole-held-hostage-in-iraq-they-are-among-the-civilians-kidnapped-on-april-12-near-baghda.md) _Context: hostage, special forces_
4. [A Libyan spokesperson says two Italian hostages are freed by local fighters from Islamic State custody in Sabratha, Libya. He also confirms that two other Italian hostages were recently killed during local forces clashes with IS militants. ](/news/2016/03/4/a-libyan-spokesperson-says-two-italian-hostages-are-freed-by-local-fighters-from-islamic-state-custody-in-sabratha-libya-he-also-confirms.md) _Context: hostage_
5. [According to the Wall Street Journal an official from the Russian Ministry of Defense confirmed it has deployed special forces to Syria over the past weeks supporting its mission to back-up the Bashar al-Assad regime. Alleged Russian Defence Ministry official added that the special forces, who are "akin to the Delta Force of the United States", had been operating in pro-Russian rebel held areas of Ukraine before being called off to Syria. ](/news/2015/10/26/according-to-the-wall-street-journal-an-official-from-the-russian-ministry-of-defense-confirmed-it-has-deployed-special-forces-to-syria-over.md) _Context: special forces_
