### [2015-07-23](/news/2015/07/23/index.md)

# China's People's Liberation Army conducts a series of military exercises simulating an attack on Taiwan's Presidential Office Building. 

This is pretty scary if you&#039;re Taiwanese.


### Source:

1. [Wall Street Journal](http://blogs.wsj.com/chinarealtime/2015/07/23/palace-intrigue-chinese-soldiers-storm-replica-of-taiwan-presidential-office/)
2. [Quartz](http://qz.com/461110/video-a-chinese-military-drill-simulates-an-attack-on-taiwans-presidential-office/)
3. [Focus Taiwan](http://focustaiwan.tw/news/aipl/201507220031.aspx)

### Related:

1. [Authorities in China sentence Huang Yu, a computer technician from Sichuan who worked for a government department which handled state secrets, to death for leaking more than 150,000 classified documents to an unidentified foreign power. The documents in question covered secrets ranging from the ruling Communist Party to military and financial issues. ](/news/2016/04/19/authorities-in-china-sentence-huang-yu-a-computer-technician-from-sichuan-who-worked-for-a-government-department-which-handled-state-secret.md) _Context: military_
2. [China's People's Liberation Army (PLA) will be deployed in Pakistan to protect the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor that connects the Chinese-operated Gwadar Port in Balochistan, Pakistan to China's Xinjiang region. Neighboring India has voiced concern about the planned move. ](/news/2016/03/13/china-s-people-s-liberation-army-pla-will-be-deployed-in-pakistan-to-protect-the-chinaapakistan-economic-corridor-that-connects-the-chin.md) _Context: military_
3. [Reform of the People's Liberation Army in China:The Second Artillery Corps is re-organized into the People's Liberation Army Rocket Force.The People's Liberation Army Strategic Support Force is founded, with Gao Jin as its inaugural commander and Liu Fulian as Political Commissar.The Ground Force is re-organized under the People's Liberation Army Ground Force Command, under commander Li Zuocheng. ](/news/2016/01/5/reform-of-the-people-s-liberation-army-in-china-pthe-second-artillery-corps-is-re-organized-into-the-people-s-liberation-army-rocket-force-p.md) _Context: military_
4. [Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Liu Zhenmin says the United States was making political provocations with its patrols in the disputed South China Sea. He also says China is building military facilities on islands and reefs in the South China Sea as part of its national defense policy. Yesterday, U.S. President Barack Obama said, for the sake of regional stability,  countries should stop building artificial islands and militarizing their claims in this sea. ](/news/2015/11/22/chinese-vice-foreign-minister-liu-zhenmin-says-the-united-states-was-making-political-provocations-with-its-patrols-in-the-disputed-south-ch.md) _Context: military_
5. [A military parade is held in Beijing featuring 12,000 members of the People's Liberation Army, 500 vehicles and 200 People's Liberation Army Air Force air craft. Women of the Chinese military are allowed to participate in this particular parade for the first time. ](/news/2015/09/3/a-military-parade-is-held-in-beijing-featuring-12-000-members-of-the-people-s-liberation-army-500-vehicles-and-200-people-s-liberation-army.md) _Context: military_
6. [The People's Liberation Army of China holds three days of live-fire drills in the Taiwan Strait, while Taiwan holds exercises simulating Chinese submarines attacking Kinmen and being repelled by Taiwanese amphibious forces. ](/news/2015/09/11/the-people-s-liberation-army-of-china-holds-three-days-of-live-fire-drills-in-the-taiwan-strait-while-taiwan-holds-exercises-simulating-chi.md) _Context: military_
7. [China sends an additional 232 People's Liberation Army medical workers to West Africa to combat the outbreak (in addition to the 78 that had previously been stationed). ](/news/2015/01/13/china-sends-an-additional-232-people-s-liberation-army-medical-workers-to-west-africa-to-combat-the-outbreak-in-addition-to-the-78-that-had.md) _Context: military_
8. [''Philippines v. China''China condemns the Philippines over the latter's "pressure" over the South China Sea despite the disadvantage of the Armed Forces of the Philippines against China's People's Liberation Army. ](/news/2014/12/7/philippines-v-china-pchina-condemns-the-philippines-over-the-latter-s-pressure-over-the-south-china-sea-despite-the-disadvantage-of-th.md) _Context: military_
9. [China dispatches 2,500 People's Liberation Army soldiers to Yunnan province to search for hundreds of people missing after the earthquake. ](/news/2014/08/4/china-dispatches-2-500-people-s-liberation-army-soldiers-to-yunnan-province-to-search-for-hundreds-of-people-missing-after-the-earthquake.md) _Context: military_
10. [Human rights group Free Tibet and Radio Free Asia report that People's Liberation Army troops shot into a crowd in Biru County in the Tibet Autonomous Region injuring 60 people. ](/news/2013/10/6/human-rights-group-free-tibet-and-radio-free-asia-report-that-people-s-liberation-army-troops-shot-into-a-crowd-in-biru-county-in-the-tibet.md) _Context: military_
