### [2009-03-30](/news/2009/03/30/index.md)

#  A Europe-bound fishing vessel sinks in the Mediterranean Sea with 350 people aboard. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://ca.reuters.com/article/topNews/idCATRE52T6OL20090330)

### Related:

1. [European migrant crisis. Around 100 people are feared to have drowned in the Mediterranean Sea off the coast of Libya. So far this week, 18 people are confirmed dead and 340 missing attempting to migrate to Europe. ](/news/2016/11/17/european-migrant-crisis-around-100-people-are-feared-to-have-drowned-in-the-mediterranean-sea-off-the-coast-of-libya-so-far-this-week-18.md) _Context: Europe, Mediterranean Sea_
2. [European migrant crisis. At least 20 people drown in the southern Mediterranean Sea when a repurposed fishing boat sinks 35 nautical miles north of Zuwara, Libya. ](/news/2016/05/26/european-migrant-crisis-at-least-20-people-drown-in-the-southern-mediterranean-sea-when-a-repurposed-fishing-boat-sinks-35-nautical-miles-n.md) _Context: Mediterranean Sea, fishing boat_
3. [European migrant crisis. Greek prime minister Alexis Tsipras lashes out at European "ineptness" in handling the continent's massive immigration crisis. The Associated Press reports 31 more people - mostly children - drowned in shipwrecks in the Mediterranean Sea near the islands of Kalymnos and Rhodes. Turkey's state-run agency says four children drowned and two others are missing after two new accidents with boats headed to Greece's Lesbos and Samos islands. The death toll in the Aegean Sea over the past three days is at least 50. The Greek coast guard says they rescued 600 people in the past 24 hours, while thousands more made it safely from Turkey to Greece's southeastern islands. ](/news/2015/10/30/european-migrant-crisis-greek-prime-minister-alexis-tsipras-lashes-out-at-european-ineptness-in-handling-the-continent-s-massive-immigrat.md) _Context: Europe, Mediterranean Sea_
4. [Illegal immigration from Africa to Europe. The Italian Coast Guard states that at least 17 people have died and 4,200 have been rescued in the Mediterranean Sea attempting to travel to Europe in the past 24 hours. Ships from nations including Italy, Republic of Ireland, Germany, Belgium and the United Kingdom have been involved in rescue efforts. ](/news/2015/05/30/illegal-immigration-from-africa-to-europe-the-italian-coast-guard-states-that-at-least-17-people-have-died-and-4-200-have-been-rescued-in-t.md) _Context: Europe, Mediterranean Sea_
5. [German federal election, 2017. In a speech in Munich, Angela Merkel says that Europe must not rely on its former allies. ](/news/2017/05/28/german-federal-election-2017-in-a-speech-in-munich-angela-merkel-says-that-europe-must-not-rely-on-its-former-allies.md) _Context: Europe_
6. [European migrant crisis. The Italian Coast Guard reports that at least 20 migrants are killed when their 500-passenger boat capsizes in the Mediterranean Sea off Libya's coast. About 1,700 people have been rescued in 15 operations since Tuesday. ](/news/2017/05/24/european-migrant-crisis-the-italian-coast-guard-reports-that-at-least-20-migrants-are-killed-when-their-500-passenger-boat-capsizes-in-the.md) _Context: Mediterranean Sea_
7. [European migrant crisis. More than 2,000 migrants are rescued from the Mediterranean Sea off the coast of Libya. ](/news/2017/04/14/european-migrant-crisis-more-than-2-000-migrants-are-rescued-from-the-mediterranean-sea-off-the-coast-of-libya.md) _Context: Mediterranean Sea_
8. [Seattle-based Amazon.com says it will create 15,000 new full-time jobs across Europe by the end of 2017, increasing its European workforce by approximately 30 percent. ](/news/2017/02/20/seattle-based-amazon-com-says-it-will-create-15-000-new-full-time-jobs-across-europe-by-the-end-of-2017-increasing-its-european-workforce-b.md) _Context: Europe_
9. [A cold spell with the temperature reaching -30 degC in Moscow and other parts of Eastern Europe hits Europe. Nearly 20 people die in recent days; 10 in Poland. ](/news/2017/01/7/a-cold-spell-with-the-temperature-reaching-30-adegc-in-moscow-and-other-parts-of-eastern-europe-hits-europe-nearly-20-people-die-in-recent.md) _Context: Europe_
10. [Following a joint police operation by Europol and Interpol last October and November across much of Europe, dubbed "Operation Pandora", more than 3,500 stolen artwork and artifacts are recovered, with 75 people arrested and 48,588 more being investigated. ](/news/2017/01/23/following-a-joint-police-operation-by-europol-and-interpol-last-october-and-november-across-much-of-europe-dubbed-operation-pandora-more.md) _Context: Europe_
