### [2010-10-22](/news/2010/10/22/index.md)

# Files on the death of British biological weapons inspector David Kelly, which had previously been kept secret by the British government for 7 years, are released, stating that his wounds were typical of "self-inflicted injury". 

Wounds to the body of weapons inspector David Kelly were &#039;&#039;typical of self-inflicted injury&#039;&#039;, according to previously secret medical documents released today.


### Source:

1. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2010/1022/kellyd.html)
2. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/politics/8079670/Secret-files-show-David-Kellys-wounds-were-typical-of-self-inflicted-injury.html)

### Related:

1. [Politics of Nigeria: Nigerian state television reports that President Muhammadu Buhari is back in the country after a three-month sick leave in Britain. ](/news/2017/08/19/politics-of-nigeria-nigerian-state-television-reports-that-president-muhammadu-buhari-is-back-in-the-country-after-a-three-month-sick-leave.md) _Context: Britain_
2. [Alternative fuel vehicles: Following a similar move in France, the United Kingdom is to ban the sale of petrol and diesel cars by 2040 in order to reduce air pollution. A new tax will also be levied on diesel car drivers in 2020. ](/news/2017/07/25/alternative-fuel-vehicles-following-a-similar-move-in-france-the-united-kingdom-is-to-ban-the-sale-of-petrol-and-diesel-cars-by-2040-in-or.md) _Context: Britain_
3. [MasterCard: A United Kingdom court blocks a GBP14 billion class action lawsuit against MasterCard. ](/news/2017/07/22/mastercard-a-united-kingdom-court-blocks-a-agbp14-billion-class-action-lawsuit-against-mastercard.md) _Context: Britain_
4. [Liberal Democrats leadership election, 2017: Vince Cable is acclaimed as Leader of the Liberal Democrats in the United Kingdom after running unopposed. ](/news/2017/07/20/liberal-democrats-leadership-election-2017-vince-cable-is-acclaimed-as-leader-of-the-liberal-democrats-in-the-united-kingdom-after-running.md) _Context: Britain_
5. [London Fisheries Convention: The United Kingdom announces it is withdrawing from the 1964 London Fisheries Convention, which allows several European countries to fish within 6 to 12 nautical miles of each other's coastlines. ](/news/2017/07/2/london-fisheries-convention-the-united-kingdom-announces-it-is-withdrawing-from-the-1964-london-fisheries-convention-which-allows-several.md) _Context: Britain_
6. [Human rights in China: Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/human-rights-in-china-nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-chart.md) _Context: Britain_
7. [United Kingdom-United States relations: The Trump Administration announces this year's presidential state visit to the United Kingdom is delayed until at least 2018. Both the White House and 10 Downing Street state the two countries had been unable to agree on a 2017 date. This planned visit has drawn protests in the United Kingdom since February, and more than 1.8 million signatures on a petition to Parliament to cancel the meeting. ](/news/2017/07/11/united-kingdom-united-states-relations-the-trump-administration-announces-this-year-s-presidential-state-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-is-d.md) _Context: Britain_
8. [Poverty reduction: The United Kingdom and Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation sponsor a summit that plans on raising funds for family planning in developing countries. ](/news/2017/07/11/poverty-reduction-the-united-kingdom-and-bill-melinda-gates-foundation-sponsor-a-summit-that-plans-on-raising-funds-for-family-planning-i.md) _Context: Britain_
9. [United Kingdom general election, 2017: Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-c.md) _Context: Britain_
10. [Politics of Hong Kong: Protests mark the 20th anniversary of the transfer of sovereignty over Hong Kong to China from the United Kingdom alongside the arrival of Chinese President Xi Jinping. ](/news/2017/06/29/politics-of-hong-kong-protests-mark-the-20th-anniversary-of-the-transfer-of-sovereignty-over-hong-kong-to-china-from-the-united-kingdom-alo.md) _Context: Britain_
