### [2010-10-22](/news/2010/10/22/index.md)

# Indonesia admits that the men seen torturing Papuan villagers in a video were soldiers of the Indonesian National Armed Forces. 

Indonesia admits that the men seen torturing Papuan villagers in a video uploaded on the internet earlier this week are members of the military.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/asia-pacific/2010/10/20101022112633211536.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-pacific-11604361)

### Related:

1. [Thousands of people take to the streets of Jayapura and other towns in Papua, Indonesia, in support of the Free Papua Movement and its effort to join the Melanesian Spearhead Group. Indonesia responded with a large police and military presence, with reports of police firing on demonstrators in Wamena and arresting dozens across the province. ](/news/2016/05/31/thousands-of-people-take-to-the-streets-of-jayapura-and-other-towns-in-papua-indonesia-in-support-of-the-free-papua-movement-and-its-effor.md) _Context: Indonesia, military_
2. [An Indonesian military helicopter crash shortly after takeoff from Poso kills 13 passengers. Their mission was  to try to capture Indonesia's most wanted militant, Abu Wardah Santoso, leader of the Islamic State affiliate East Indonesia Mujahidin network. ](/news/2016/03/20/an-indonesian-military-helicopter-crash-shortly-after-takeoff-from-poso-kills-13-passengers-their-mission-was-to-try-to-capture-indonesia.md) _Context: Indonesia, military_
3. [Around 10,000 Papuan people demonstrate in support of independence from Indonesia in the Papuan capital of Jayapura. ](/news/2011/08/2/around-10-000-papuan-people-demonstrate-in-support-of-independence-from-indonesia-in-the-papuan-capital-of-jayapura.md) _Context: Indonesia, Papuan people_
4. [Indonesia's National Human Rights Commission submits a report to President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono on its investigations into reports of torture of Papuans by soldiers, and urges him to take action against human rights violations by security forces in the eastern Papua region. ](/news/2011/01/6/indonesia-s-national-human-rights-commission-submits-a-report-to-president-susilo-bambang-yudhoyono-on-its-investigations-into-reports-of-to.md) _Context: Papuan people, military_
5. [Australia sends an official to the Indonesian province of Maluku to investigate claims that Detachment 88, part of the Indonesian National Police, tortured a group of separatists. ](/news/2010/09/12/australia-sends-an-official-to-the-indonesian-province-of-maluku-to-investigate-claims-that-detachment-88-part-of-the-indonesian-national-p.md) _Context: Indonesia, torture_
6. [ 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami: Three Free Aceh Movement (GAM) rebels are killed in a clash with the Indonesian military in the northern Aceh province. Fighting broke out apparently when Indonesian troops attempted to escort aid trucks. Both sides claim the other are taking advantage of the devastation left from the tsunamis. ](/news/2005/01/4/2004-indian-ocean-earthquake-and-tsunami-three-free-aceh-movement-gam-rebels-are-killed-in-a-clash-with-the-indonesian-military-in-the-n.md) _Context: Indonesia, military_
7. [A magnitude 6.4 earthquake occurs off the Indonesian island of Sumatra. There are no reports of  casualties or structural damage to buildings. ](/news/2017/08/13/a-magnitude-6-4-earthquake-occurs-off-the-indonesian-island-of-sumatra-there-are-no-reports-of-casualties-or-structural-damage-to-building.md) _Context: Indonesia_
8. [A rescue helicopter crashes while attempting to evacuate residents near the Dieng Volcanic Complex in Central Java, Indonesia, killing all eight people on board. ](/news/2017/07/3/a-rescue-helicopter-crashes-while-attempting-to-evacuate-residents-near-the-dieng-volcanic-complex-in-central-java-indonesia-killing-all-e.md) _Context: Indonesia_
9. [In alleged emulation of Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte's war on drugs, Indonesian President Joko Widodo announces orders for police to "shoot" suspected drug dealers without trial. ](/news/2017/07/23/in-alleged-emulation-of-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-war-on-drugs-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-announces-orders-for-police-to.md) _Context: Indonesia_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Indonesia_
