### [2010-10-22](/news/2010/10/22/index.md)

# The Premier of Saskatchewan Brad Wall calls on the Government of Canada to reject a $28.6 billion takeover bid by BHP Billiton for the Potash Corporation of Saskatchewan. 




### Source:

1. [The Star](http://www.thestar.com/business/companies/article/878838--reject-potash-takeover-wall-says?bn=1)

### Related:

1. [Voters in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan go to the polls with the Saskatchewan Party led by Premier Brad Wall winning in a landslide. ](/news/2011/11/7/voters-in-the-canadian-province-of-saskatchewan-go-to-the-polls-with-the-saskatchewan-party-led-by-premier-brad-wall-winning-in-a-landslide.md) _Context: Brad Wall, Premier_
2. [The Government of Canada announces that it will block a $38.6bn hostile takeover bid by BHP Billiton for Potash Corporation. ](/news/2010/11/3/the-government-of-canada-announces-that-it-will-block-a-38-6bn-hostile-takeover-bid-by-bhp-billiton-for-potash-corporation.md) _Context: BHP Billiton, Canadian government_
3. [ Brad Wall is elected as Premier of Saskatchewan as his Saskatchewan Party defeats the Saskatchewan New Democratic Party by a 37-21 margin in the 26th Saskatchewan general election. ](/news/2007/11/7/brad-wall-is-elected-as-premier-of-saskatchewan-as-his-saskatchewan-party-defeats-the-saskatchewan-new-democratic-party-by-a-37-21-margin-i.md) _Context: Brad Wall, Premier_
4. [Brazilian prosecutors file homicide charges against 21 people employed by the companies Samarco, Vale, and BHP Billiton for the November 2015 iron ore mine dam burst in the state of Minas Gerais that killed 19 people and polluted waterways. ](/news/2016/10/20/brazilian-prosecutors-file-homicide-charges-against-21-people-employed-by-the-companies-samarco-vale-and-bhp-billiton-for-the-november-201.md) _Context: BHP Billiton_
5. [The Government of Brazil sues iron miner Samarco and parent companies Vale and BHP Billiton for 155 billion Brazilian reals ($43.5 billion US) for the collapse of a tailings dam that resulted in 19 deaths and caused major pollution to the Doce River. ](/news/2016/05/3/the-government-of-brazil-sues-iron-miner-samarco-and-parent-companies-vale-and-bhp-billiton-for-155-billion-brazilian-reals-43-5-billion-u.md) _Context: BHP Billiton_
6. [Thursday's flooding and devastating mudslides at the BHP-Vale mine in Minas Gerais involved two dams, not one as initially reported. Brazilian officials report the mud flow is eight kilometers (five miles) long and 2.5 meters deep. Those rescued - and emergency services - are being decontaminated; mining spoils being treated as toxic. There is no official information on the number of casualties or the cause of the incident. The company that runs the mine says it detected seismic activity right before the breach. Both BHP and Vale shares declined over five percent. Brazilian prosecutors have opened a criminal investigation. ](/news/2015/11/6/thursday-s-flooding-and-devastating-mudslides-at-the-bhp-vale-mine-in-minas-gerais-involved-two-dams-not-one-as-initially-reported-brazili.md) _Context: BHP Billiton_
7. [An iron ore tailings dam bursts in the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais flooding a valley, causing mudslides in the nearby village of Bento Rodrigues and causing up to 17 deaths and 45 missing. The dam is operated by Samarco MineracGBPo, a joint venture between BHP Billiton and Vale. ](/news/2015/11/5/an-iron-ore-tailings-dam-bursts-in-the-brazilian-state-of-minas-gerais-flooding-a-valley-causing-mudslides-in-the-nearby-village-of-bento-r.md) _Context: BHP Billiton_
8. [Marius Kloppers announces that he will resign as the CEO of the world's largest mining company BHP Billiton in May to be replaced by Andrew MacKenzie. ](/news/2013/02/20/marius-kloppers-announces-that-he-will-resign-as-the-ceo-of-the-world-s-largest-mining-company-bhp-billiton-in-may-to-be-replaced-by-andrew.md) _Context: BHP Billiton_
9. [Canada closes its embassy in Iran and orders all Iranian diplomatic staff out of Canada, citing Iran's support for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, Iran's "among the worst" human rights record, its lack of respect for the Vienna conventions, its nuclear program and the security of Canadian diplomatic personnel. It sees Iran as the world's "most significant threat to global peace and security." Minister of foreign affairs Baird says the Canadian government files Iran as a "state sponsor of terrorism" under the Canadian ](/news/2012/09/7/canada-closes-its-embassy-in-iran-and-orders-all-iranian-diplomatic-staff-out-of-canada-citing-iran-s-support-for-syrian-president-bashar-a.md) _Context: Canadian government_
10. [The Canadian government warns Iran not to use its embassy in Ottawa to recruit expatriates in Canada to serve the Islamic Republic's interests. ](/news/2012/07/11/the-canadian-government-warns-iran-not-to-use-its-embassy-in-ottawa-to-recruit-expatriates-in-canada-to-serve-the-islamic-republicas-inter.md) _Context: Canadian government_
