### [2012-04-15](/news/2012/04/15/index.md)

# Across Europe, hundreds of activists are prevented by authorities from boarding flights bound for Tel Aviv as part of the Welcome to Palestine campaign. Hundreds of Israeli police officers are deployed at Israel's main airport to arrest any activists who manage to fly in. 

Police beef up airport presence in anticipation of pro-Palestinians&#8217; arrival; official letter wishes them a pleasant journey home


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/middleeast/2012/04/201241545637130915.html)
2. [The Times of Israel](http://www.timesofisrael.com/israel-to-flytilla-protest-real-problems-like-syria-iran/)

### Related:

1. [A Tel Aviv, Israel, four story parking lot under construction collapses and kills at least two people and injures 18 others. ](/news/2016/09/5/a-tel-aviv-israel-four-story-parking-lot-under-construction-collapses-and-kills-at-least-two-people-and-injures-18-others.md) _Context: Tel Aviv_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015-present). Israel suspends 83,000 entry permits for Palestinians for Ramadan following a mass shooting in downtown Tel Aviv that killed four and injured 17 people. ](/news/2016/06/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-present-israel-suspends-83-000-entry-permits-for-palestinians-for-ramadan-following-a-mass-shooting.md) _Context: Tel Aviv_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015-present). June 2016 Tel Aviv shooting. Two Palestinian gunmen open fire in the Israeli city of Tel Aviv killing at least four people and injuring at least 18 others. The two gunmen are arrested. ](/news/2016/06/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-present-june-2016-tel-aviv-shooting-two-palestinian-gunmen-open-fire-in-the-israeli-city-of-tel-av.md) _Context: Tel Aviv_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. A shooting takes place at a pub in Tel Aviv, Israel, leaving two dead and eight injured. The gunman managed to escape and possibly killed his accomplice, an Arab taxi driver, whose body was found nearby. The police identified the shooter as 30 year old muslim Nisa'at Melkham from Ar'ara and searched his home. ](/news/2016/01/1/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-shooting-takes-place-at-a-pub-in-tel-aviv-israel-leaving-two-dead-and-eight-injured-the-gunman-managed.md) _Context: Tel Aviv_
5. [A Palestinian man from the West Bank, Hamza Muhammad Hassan Matrouk, illegally crosses into Israel for the express purpose to stab people attacking over a dozen Israelis on a bus in central Tel Aviv. Security forces capture the assailant as he continued to indiscriminately stab people in the street. ](/news/2015/01/21/a-palestinian-man-from-the-west-bank-hamza-muhammad-hassan-matrouk-illegally-crosses-into-israel-for-the-express-purpose-to-stab-people-at.md) _Context: Tel Aviv_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Killing of Sergeant Almog Shiloni: A Palestinian man fatally stabs an Israeli soldier in Tel Aviv.. 2014 Alon Shvut stabbing attack: In a separate attack at a bus stop near Alon Shvut in the West Bank, a Palestinian man runs over three people with a vehicle then stabs all three, resulting in the death of 26-year-old occupational therapist Dahlia Lemkus. ](/news/2014/11/10/israeli-palestinian-conflict-killing-of-sergeant-almog-shiloni-a-palestinian-man-fatally-stabs-an-israeli-soldier-in-tel-aviv-2014-alo.md) _Context: Tel Aviv_
7. [2014 Israel-Gaza conflict. Hours before the expiration of the latest cease-fire Hamas claims responsibility for firing over 29 rockets into Israel reaching Jerusalem and Tel Aviv, Israel responds with airstrikes as the peace talks break down. ](/news/2014/08/19/2014-israel-gaza-conflict-hours-before-the-expiration-of-the-latest-cease-fire-hamas-claims-responsibility-for-firing-over-29-rockets-into.md) _Context: Tel Aviv_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. 2013 Rishon LeZion car bombing: At least 2 people are killed in a car bombing in Rishon LeZion near Tel Aviv, Israel. ](/news/2013/02/28/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2013-rishon-lezion-car-bombing-at-least-2-people-are-killed-in-a-car-bombing-in-rishon-lezion-near-tel-avi.md) _Context: Tel Aviv_
9. [Israeli police and Shin Bet arrest several suspects in relation to the bombing of a public bus in Tel Aviv. The suspects claim affiliation with Hamas and Islamic Jihad and reveal they planted the bomb on the bus and detonated it remotely using a cell phone. ](/news/2012/11/22/israeli-police-and-shin-bet-arrest-several-suspects-in-relation-to-the-bombing-of-a-public-bus-in-tel-aviv-the-suspects-claim-affiliation-w.md) _Context: Tel Aviv_
10. [Operation Pillar of Defense:. Two unguided rockets from Gaza land outside Jerusalem and two more land outside Tel-Aviv. Out of the 350 rockets fired since the start of Operation Pillar of Defense, the Iron Dome missile system has shot down over 200 rockets. ](/news/2012/11/17/operation-pillar-of-defense-two-unguided-rockets-from-gaza-land-outside-jerusalem-and-two-more-land-outside-tel-aviv-out-of-the-350-rocke.md) _Context: Tel Aviv_
