### [2012-04-15](/news/2012/04/15/index.md)

# In his first public speech, North Korean leader Kim Jong-un calls for a push towards "final victory" at a ceremony in Kim Il-sung Square in the capital Pyongyang. 




### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/asia-pacific/2012/04/20124153576824453.html)

### Related:

1. [North Korea's all-female Moranbong Band, which was formed by leader Kim Jong-un, surprisingly cancels tonight's concert at Beijing's National Centre for the Performing Arts, and two others and returns to Pyongyang. Rumors for the sudden change abound, but no reason has been given. The sudden cancellation could hurt Chinese-North Korean relations, cooler since between Kim assumed power in 2011. ](/news/2015/12/12/north-korea-s-all-female-moranbong-band-which-was-formed-by-leader-kim-jong-un-surprisingly-cancels-tonight-s-concert-at-beijing-s-nationa.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, Pyongyang_
2. [2013 Korean crisis: The annual session of North Korea's Parliament, the Supreme People's Assembly, takes place in Pyongyang, following repeated threats of violence by the leader Kim Jong-Un against South Korea and the United States. Choi Bu-Il is appointed Minister of Internal Security. ](/news/2013/04/1/2013-korean-crisis-the-annual-session-of-north-korea-s-parliament-the-supreme-people-s-assembly-takes-place-in-pyongyang-following-repea.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, Pyongyang_
3. [Hundreds of thousands of North Koreans celebrate the successful launch of the Kwangmyongsong-3 Unit 2 satellite in Pyongyang's Kim Il-Sung Square. ](/news/2012/12/14/hundreds-of-thousands-of-north-koreans-celebrate-the-successful-launch-of-the-kwangmyangsang-3-unit-2-satellite-in-pyongyang-s-kim-il-sung.md) _Context: Kim Il-Sung Square, North Korea, Pyongyang_
4. [China-North Korea relations. Air China suspends all flights to North Korea's capital Pyongyang amid rising tensions between North Korea and the United States. ](/news/2017/04/14/china-north-korea-relations-air-china-suspends-all-flights-to-north-korea-s-capital-pyongyang-amid-rising-tensions-between-north-korea-an.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang_
5. [Malaysia-North Korea relations. North Korea temporarily bans all Malaysian nationals (estimated to be at least 11 people including embassy employees) from leaving the country amid a growing dispute between the two countries over the death of Kim Jong-nam, the half-brother of Kim Jong-un. Malaysian official Khairy Jamaluddin calls the move "tantamount to taking hostages". ](/news/2017/03/7/malaysia-north-korea-relations-north-korea-temporarily-bans-all-malaysian-nationals-estimated-to-be-at-least-11-people-including-embassy.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea_
6. [Kim Jong-nam's assassination. Two women, Indonesian Siti Aisyah and Vietnamese Doan Thi Huong, are charged with murder in relation to the death of Kim Jong-nam, the estranged half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, at Kuala Lumpur International Airport. The women, who reportedly thought they were involved in a prank TV show, did not enter pleas. ](/news/2017/03/1/kim-jong-nam-s-assassination-two-women-indonesian-siti-aisyah-and-vietnamese-aoa-n-tha-haedegae-ng-are-charged-with-murder-in-relation-to.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea_
7. [Death of Kim Jong-nam. Malaysian police claim that Kim Jong-nam, half brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, was killed by VX nerve agent, a toxin used almost exclusively for chemical warfare. ](/news/2017/02/24/death-of-kim-jong-nam-malaysian-police-claim-that-kim-jong-nam-half-brother-of-north-korean-leader-kim-jong-un-was-killed-by-vx-nerve-age.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea_
8. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. Kim Jong Un, the leader of North Korea, claims that the country is close to developing an intercontinental ballistic missile. ](/news/2017/01/1/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-kim-jong-un-the-leader-of-north-korea-claims-that-the-country-is-close-to-developing-an-inter.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea_
9. [Two North Korean officials are reportedly publicly executed by Kim Jong-un after they allegedly disobeyed orders: former agriculture minister Hwang Min for unsuitable policies and Ri Yong Jin, a senior official at the education ministry, for sleeping at a meeting with Kim, disrespect for the leader and corruption. They were allegedly executed by anti-aircraft artillery fire. ](/news/2016/08/30/two-north-korean-officials-are-reportedly-publicly-executed-by-kim-jong-un-after-they-allegedly-disobeyed-orders-former-agriculture-ministe.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea_
10. [North Korea-United States relations. North Korea says the United States has "crossed the red line in our showdown" after placing sanctions on its leader Kim Jong-un over human rights abuses, and considers the sanctions to be a "declaration of war" by the United States. ](/news/2016/07/28/north-korea-united-states-relations-north-korea-says-the-united-states-has-crossed-the-red-line-in-our-showdown-after-placing-sanctions.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea_
