### [2004-10-2](/news/2004/10/2/index.md)

#  U.S. presidential election, 2004: Fox News apologizes for an incident on Friday, October 1, in which it posted a story containing false quotes attributed to presidential candidate Senator John Kerry. Fox says the reporter who wrote the story, Carl Cameron, had written the article "in jest" and had not intended for it to be posted. 




### Source:

1. [Houston Chronicle](http://www.chron.com/cs/CDA/ssistory.mpl/politics/2826011)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/uselections2004/story/0,13918,1319075,00.html)
2. [Cover Image](http://www.chron.com/img/pages/article/opengraph_default.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ Senator John Kerry concedes to President George W. Bush "The outcome should be decided by voters, not a protracted legal process", Kerry said. "I would not give up if there was a chance we could prevail." [http://reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6703896 (Reuters)] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/3980533.stm (BBC)] Republican President George W. Bush wins the popular vote, receiving 3.58 million more votes than Democratic Senator John Kerry. (51.6% to 48.4%, 59.0 million to 55.4 million) Claiming victory in the swing state of Ohio, Bush will probably have more than the 270 votes needed when the U.S. Electoral College meets on December 13. [http://www.cnn.com/ELECTION/2004/ (CNN)] The Republican Party widens its majority in the Senate and House of Representatives. Democratic Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle concedes defeat to Republican challenger John Thune, thus becoming the first Senate leader in 52 years to lose a re-election bid and leaving the leadership of the Democratic Party in the Senate open. [http://www.cnn.com/2004/ALLPOLITICS/11/02/senate.main/index.html (CNN)] The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) reports that on November 2, touch-screen electronic voting machines in at least six U.S. states had incorrectly recorded their choices, including for the presidential election. Incorrectly recorded votes make up roughly 20 percent of the e-voting problems. [http://www.eff.org/news/archives/2004_11.php#002062 (EFF)] Same-sex marriage in the United States: Gay rights activists suffer a severe setback when state constitutional amendments prohibiting same-sex marriage are passed in eleven states: Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, Michigan, Mississippi, Montana, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, Oregon, and Utah. The measures in Oregon, Mississippi, and Montana ban same-sex marriage only, while Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, and Utah ban both same-sex marriage and civil unions and Michigan bans granting any benefits whatsoever to same-sex couples. ](/news/2004/11/3/senator-john-kerry-concedes-to-president-george-w-bush-the-outcome-should-be-decided-by-voters-not-a-protracted-legal-process-kerry-sa.md) _Context: 2004 U.S. presidential candidate, John Kerry, United States Senate_
2. [ US President George W. Bush and challenger Senator John Kerry meet at Washington University in St. Louis, Missouri, for the second of three U.S. presidential debates. ](/news/2004/10/8/us-president-george-w-bush-and-challenger-senator-john-kerry-meet-at-washington-university-in-st-louis-missouri-for-the-second-of-three.md) _Context: John Kerry, U.S. President, United States Senate_
3. [ U.S. presidential debates: US President George W. Bush and challenger Senator John Kerry meet at Arizona State University in Tempe, Arizona, for the last of three U.S. presidential debates. ](/news/2004/10/13/u-s-presidential-debates-us-president-george-w-bush-and-challenger-senator-john-kerry-meet-at-arizona-state-university-in-tempe-arizona.md) _Context: John Kerry, U.S. President, United States Senate_
4. [ Incumbent president George W. Bush and challenger Senator John F. Kerry meet at the University of Miami, Florida, in the first of three presidential debates in the run-up to the 2004 U.S. presidential election. Nielsen Media Research later reports 62.5 million people watched the debate. (Transcript) ](/news/2004/09/30/incumbent-president-george-w-bush-and-challenger-senator-john-f-kerry-meet-at-the-university-of-miami-florida-in-the-first-of-three-pre.md) _Context: John Kerry, U.S. President, United States Senate_
5. [ U.S. presidential campaign: Former Republican President Dwight Eisenhower's son John Eisenhower endorses Democrat John Kerry's presidential bid. ](/news/2004/09/29/u-s-presidential-campaign-former-republican-president-dwight-eisenhower-s-son-john-eisenhower-endorses-democrat-john-kerry-s-presidential.md) _Context: 2004 U.S. presidential candidate, John Kerry, U.S. President_
6. [ U.S. presidential election: George W. Bush accepts the Republican nomination for a second term in office as the party's National Convention concludes, signaling the beginning of all-out campaigning by Bush and Senator John Kerry.](/news/2004/09/2/u-s-presidential-election-george-w-bush-accepts-the-republican-nomination-for-a-second-term-in-office-as-the-party-s-national-convention.md) _Context: 2004 U.S. presidential candidate, John Kerry, United States Senate_
7. [ U.S. presidential election, 2004: Senator Bob Graham of Florida announces his candidacy for the Democratic Party nomination of President.](/news/2003/02/27/u-s-presidential-election-2004-senator-bob-graham-of-florida-announces-his-candidacy-for-the-democratic-party-nomination-of-president.md) _Context: 2004 U.S. presidential candidate, U.S. President, United States Senate_
8. [The United States Senate and House of Representatives override the veto of President Barack Obama in regards to the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act. The act narrows the scope of the legal doctrine of foreign sovereign immunity, specifically, in this instance against the sovereign nation of Saudi Arabia. The action is the first such congressional veto override to Obama. ](/news/2016/09/28/the-united-states-senate-and-house-of-representatives-override-the-veto-of-president-barack-obama-in-regards-to-the-justice-against-sponsors.md) _Context: U.S. President, United States Senate_
9. [Georgia Senator David Perdue is criticized for remarks at the Faith and Freedom Coalition's Road to Majority conference in which his quote of Psalm 109:8, "Let his days be few, and may another have his office," appears to be a prayer for President Barack Obama's death. Perdue says, "It was a little humor and I said it in a way that we were talking about his days as president." ](/news/2016/06/10/georgia-senator-david-perdue-is-criticized-for-remarks-at-the-faith-and-freedom-coalitionas-road-to-majority-conference-in-which-his-quote.md) _Context: U.S. President, United States Senate_
10. [Kentucky Senator Rand Paul suspends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination for President of the United States. ](/news/2016/02/3/kentucky-senator-rand-paul-suspends-his-campaign-for-the-republican-party-nomination-for-president-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: U.S. President, United States Senate_
