### [2013-07-12](/news/2013/07/12/index.md)

# Two people are killed and one person is wounded during a shooting in the South of Market neighborhood of San Francisco, California, United States. A suspect is in custody. 

Two women were killed and a man was injured Friday at a South of Market jewelry store, with the blood-soaked suspect emptying his revolver at police officers before surrendering, San Francisco police said. After talking to people in the five-story Gift Center and Jewelry Mart at 888 Brannan St. at Eighth Street, police concluded that &quot;this was not the first time (the suspect) had been seen in the building,&quot; the chief said. Esther Ishag, who works in the family-owned Design Jewelers, said she first heard of the shooting when a man passed her store and told them there was a man with a gun in the building. Shoppers have to have invitations from a shop owner because they need passes to get into the building. Besides the revolver, police also recovered a folding knife. Inside the jewelry mart, police found the bodies of two women inside the Victoga jewelry store in the basement, one of more than 100 small shops in the building. Hundreds of people in nearby stores and buildings, including the REI store and Zynga headquarters, were ordered to shelter in place while officers conducted their search of the building.


### Source:

1. [San Francisco Chronicle](http://www.sfgate.com/bayarea/article/Two-shot-in-South-of-Market-4662510.php?cmpid=twitter)

### Related:

1. [California and San Francisco sue the United States Federal government over its opposition towards sanctuary cities. ](/news/2017/08/14/california-and-san-francisco-sue-the-united-states-federal-government-over-its-opposition-towards-sanctuary-cities.md) _Context: California, San Francisco_
2. [Four people, including the gunman, are dead, and six injured, after a man opens fire at people in a UPS building in the Potrero Hill neighborhood of San Francisco, California. ](/news/2017/06/14/four-people-including-the-gunman-are-dead-and-six-injured-after-a-man-opens-fire-at-people-in-a-ups-building-in-the-potrero-hill-neighbo.md) _Context: California, San Francisco_
3. [Uber suspends tests of its self-driving cars in San Francisco, California, after the California Department of Motor Vehicles revoked the registration of the vehicles in the state in response to two red-light violations. ](/news/2016/12/21/uber-suspends-tests-of-its-self-driving-cars-in-san-francisco-california-after-the-california-department-of-motor-vehicles-revoked-the-reg.md) _Context: California, San Francisco_
4. [U.S. District Judge Charles R. Breyer in San Francisco approves German automaker Volkswagen $14.7 billion settlement with federal and California regulators and the owners of the 475,000 polluting diesel vehicles over diesel emissions cheating scandal. Volkswagen still faces billions of dollars more in fines and litigation. ](/news/2016/10/25/u-s-district-judge-charles-r-breyer-in-san-francisco-approves-german-automaker-volkswagen-14-7-billion-settlement-with-federal-and-califo.md) _Context: California, San Francisco_
5. [The father of  Cal State Long Beach student Nohemi Gonzalez, the only American killed in the November 13, 2015, Paris massacre, files suit in San Francisco, California, federal court against Twitter, Facebook, and Google, alleging the companies provided "material support" to the Islamic State and other extremist groups. While  generally free of liability under U.S. law  which  provides a legal ''safe harbor'' for content posted, this case targets  the behavior social media companies enable. The suit is very similar to a case brought against Twitter in January by the widow of a contractor killed in the November 9, 2015, attack in Jordan. ](/news/2016/06/15/the-father-of-cal-state-long-beach-student-nohemi-gonzalez-the-only-american-killed-in-the-november-13-2015-paris-massacre-files-suit-i.md) _Context: California, San Francisco_
6. [Uber, in San Francisco, California (U.S.), federal court, says it will pay $28.5 million to settle two lawsuits over misleading background check information. Prosecutors settled a similar lawsuit with  competitor Lyft in 2014. ](/news/2016/02/11/uber-in-san-francisco-california-u-s-federal-court-says-it-will-pay-28-5-million-to-settle-two-lawsuits-over-misleading-background-c.md) _Context: California, San Francisco_
7. [A shooting into a car in San Francisco, California, U.S., leaves four men dead. ](/news/2015/01/9/a-shooting-into-a-car-in-san-francisco-california-u-s-leaves-four-men-dead.md) _Context: California, San Francisco_
8. [A bus and a trolley car collide in downtown San Francisco, California, injuring fifteen people. ](/news/2013/06/12/a-bus-and-a-trolley-car-collide-in-downtown-san-francisco-california-injuring-fifteen-people.md) _Context: California, San Francisco_
9. [The perjury trial of U.S. baseball star Barry Bonds begins in federal court in San Francisco, California. ](/news/2011/03/21/the-perjury-trial-of-u-s-baseball-star-barry-bonds-begins-in-federal-court-in-san-francisco-california.md) _Context: California, San Francisco_
10. [  Winter storms in California cause power outages, destruction of property and flight delays in San Francisco.](/news/2008/01/4/winter-storms-in-california-cause-power-outages-destruction-of-property-and-flight-delays-in-san-francisco.md) _Context: California, San Francisco_
