### [2013-07-12](/news/2013/07/12/index.md)

# U.S. Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano announces her resignation to become the President of the University of California. 

Janet Napolitano , the U.S. secretary of Homeland Security and former governor of Arizona, is being named as the next president of the University of California system, in an unusual choice that brings a national-level politician to a position usually held by an academic, The Times has learned. Her appointment also means the 10-campus system will be headed by a woman for the first time in its 145-year history.


### Source:

1. [Los Angeles Times](http://www.latimes.com/local/lanow/la-me-ln-uc-president-20130712,0,83979.story)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.trbimg.com/img-51df86bf/turbine/la-me-ln-uc-president-20130712)

### Related:

1. [United States Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson says the Obama administration will announce a new terror alert system "in the coming days," that will better inform the public about threats to the United States. This will be the third terror alert system put in place since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks. ](/news/2015/12/7/united-states-homeland-security-secretary-jeh-johnson-says-the-obama-administration-will-announce-a-new-terror-alert-system-in-the-coming-d.md) _Context: Homeland Security Secretary, United States_
2. [Janet Napolitano, the United States Secretary of Homeland Security, rolls out the Obama administration's strategy to curb drug smuggling on the Mexican border. ](/news/2011/07/7/janet-napolitano-the-united-states-secretary-of-homeland-security-rolls-out-the-obama-administration-s-strategy-to-curb-drug-smuggling-on.md) _Context: Homeland Security Secretary, Janet Napolitano_
3. [ United States Department of Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff appoints Vice Admiral Thad W. Allen, chief of staff of the United States Coast Guard, to direct Hurricane Katrina relief efforts in New Orleans, in place of Federal Emergency Management Agency director Michael D. Brown, who returns to Washington to direct planning for future disaster relief. ](/news/2005/09/9/united-states-department-of-homeland-security-secretary-michael-chertoff-appoints-vice-admiral-thad-w-allen-chief-of-staff-of-the-united.md) _Context: Homeland Security Secretary, United States Homeland Security_
4. [The University of California files a lawsuit against the potential termination of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals programme which may affect more than 4,000 students. ](/news/2017/09/8/the-university-of-california-files-a-lawsuit-against-the-potential-termination-of-the-deferred-action-for-childhood-arrivals-programme-which.md) _Context: University of California_
5. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: United States_
6. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: United States_
7. [United States Homeland Security bans Kaspersky Lab products from government computers due to fears they could be coerced into sharing information with the Russian government. ](/news/2017/09/13/united-states-homeland-security-bans-kaspersky-lab-products-from-government-computers-due-to-fears-they-could-be-coerced-into-sharing-inform.md) _Context: United States Homeland Security_
8. [The United States stops giving out visas to high ranking officials of Cambodia, Eritrea, Guinea and Sierra Leone for failing to accept deportations. ](/news/2017/09/13/the-united-states-stops-giving-out-visas-to-high-ranking-officials-of-cambodia-eritrea-guinea-and-sierra-leone-for-failing-to-accept-depor.md) _Context: United States_
9. [In an official dinner hosted by the United States President, Donald Trump and leaders of the Democratic party Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi agree to fix DACA but disagree with the details, with Trump denying on Twitter the following day that a deal had been made which excluded funding for his proposed wall on the Mexico-United States border. ](/news/2017/09/13/in-an-official-dinner-hosted-by-the-united-states-president-donald-trump-and-leaders-of-the-democratic-party-chuck-schumer-and-nancy-pelosi.md) _Context: United States_
10. [The United States Department of Justice has requested Moscow-based Russian media channel RT America to register as a foreign lobbying firm in the United States. ](/news/2017/09/12/the-united-states-department-of-justice-has-requested-moscow-based-russian-media-channel-rt-america-to-register-as-a-foreign-lobbying-firm-i.md) _Context: United States_
