### [2015-07-30](/news/2015/07/30/index.md)

# A heat wave hits the Middle East with Baghdad recording a top temperature of {{convert|50|C|F}} and the Iranian city of Bandar Mahshahr recording a near world record heat index temperature of {{convert|165.2|F|C|order=flip}}. 




### Source:

1. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/capital-weather-gang/wp/2015/07/30/iran-city-hits-suffocating-heat-index-of-154-degrees-near-world-record/)

### Related:

1. [United States  President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Iran, Middle East_
2. [2013 Sistan and Baluchestan earthquake:At least 37 people are dead after a 7.8 magnitude earthquake strikes with its epicenter below Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran, near the border with Pakistan. Tremors are felt throughout the Middle East, Pakistan and North India, and hundreds of deaths are expected by the Iran government. ](/news/2013/04/16/2013-sistan-and-baluchestan-earthquake-pat-least-37-people-are-dead-after-a-7-8-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-with-its-epicenter-below-khash.md) _Context: Iran, Middle East_
3. [Iraqi insurgency (post-U.S. withdrawal): A rocket kills six people and injures over 50 others at Camp Liberty, an Iraqi facility near Baghdad that shelters members of People's Mujahedin of Iran. ](/news/2013/02/9/iraqi-insurgency-post-u-s-withdrawal-pa-rocket-kills-six-people-and-injures-over-50-others-at-camp-liberty-an-iraqi-facility-near-baghd.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iran_
4. [Former Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi accuses Iran of working to destabilize the Middle East, claiming that the region is falling victim to terrorist groups backed financially by Iran. ](/news/2010/10/17/former-iraqi-prime-minister-ayad-allawi-accuses-iran-of-working-to-destabilize-the-middle-east-claiming-that-the-region-is-falling-victim-t.md) _Context: Iran, Middle East_
5. [The Iranian ambassador in Baghdad says the recent release of two Iranians from Iraqi custody is not an indication of any impeding deal to free three Americans held in Tehran on spying charges since their capture in July 2009 while hiking in northern Iraq's mountainous Kurdish region. ](/news/2010/06/1/the-iranian-ambassador-in-baghdad-says-the-recent-release-of-two-iranians-from-iraqi-custody-is-not-an-indication-of-any-impeding-deal-to-fr.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iran_
6. [Israel rejects call to take part in a conference aimed at achieving a nuclear-arms free Middle East, citing the document agreed to at the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty talks in which Israel was singled out, but which did not mention Iran, widely suspected of having a nuclear-weapons program, or declared nuclear states India and Pakistan, who have not signed the treaty.](/news/2010/05/29/israel-rejects-call-to-take-part-in-a-conference-aimed-at-achieving-a-nuclear-arms-free-middle-east-citing-the-document-agreed-to-at-the-nu.md) _Context: Iran, Middle East_
7. [Three car bombs hit the Egyptian, German and Iranian embassies in the centre of the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, in quick succession, killing at least 30 people. ](/news/2010/04/4/three-car-bombs-hit-the-egyptian-german-and-iranian-embassies-in-the-centre-of-the-iraqi-capital-baghdad-in-quick-succession-killing-at.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iran_
8. [President of the United States Barack Obama announces that the United States will pursue aggressive sanctions to prevent Iran from getting a nuclear weapon that could potentially spark a nuclear arms race in the Middle East. ](/news/2010/03/17/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-announces-that-the-united-states-will-pursue-aggressive-sanctions-to-prevent-iran-from-getting-a.md) _Context: Iran, Middle East_
9. [Brazilian President Luiz Incio Lula da Silva lands in Israel at the start of his Middle East tour of Palestine and Jordan before his visit to Iran. ](/news/2010/03/14/brazilian-president-luiz-inacio-lula-da-silva-lands-in-israel-at-the-start-of-his-middle-east-tour-of-palestine-and-jordan-before-his-visit.md) _Context: Iran, Middle East_
10. [ Iraq's government admit that seven Iranian exiles were killed when Iraqi forces took control of their camp north of Baghdad. ](/news/2009/07/30/iraq-s-government-admit-that-seven-iranian-exiles-were-killed-when-iraqi-forces-took-control-of-their-camp-north-of-baghdad.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iran_
