### [2015-07-30](/news/2015/07/30/index.md)

# Russia vetoes a U.N. Security Council resolution that would have established an international criminal tribunal to investigate the downing of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17. 

Russia has vetoed a U.N. Security Council resolution that would have established an international criminal tribunal to investigate the downing of a Malaysia Airlines flight last July over eastern Ukraine.


### Source:

1. [WSJ](http://www.wsj.com/articles/russia-vetoes-u-n-tribunal-on-malaysia-airlines-flight-downed-over-ukraine-1438253293)

### Related:

1. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 17; 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: Dutch-led investigators say Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 was downed over eastern Ukraine in 2014 by a Buk missile that had come from Russia. ](/news/2016/09/28/malaysia-airlines-flight-17-2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-dutch-led-investigators-say-malaysia-airlines-flight-mh17-was-downed-over-e.md) _Context: Malaysia Airlines Flight 17, Russia_
2. [Russia vetoes a UN resolution that would have condemned the July 1995 Srebrenica massacre of more than 8,000 Bosniaks as a genocide. ](/news/2015/07/8/russia-vetoes-a-un-resolution-that-would-have-condemned-the-july-1995-srebrenica-massacre-of-more-than-8-000-bosniaks-as-a-genocide.md) _Context: Russia, vetoes_
3. [Moscow describes Tokyo's decision to impose further sanctions on Russia in the wake of the downing of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 as an "unfriendly step" that may harm "the entire system of relations" between Russia and Japan. ](/news/2014/07/29/moscow-describes-tokyo-s-decision-to-impose-further-sanctions-on-russia-in-the-wake-of-the-downing-of-malaysia-airlines-flight-17-as-an-unf.md) _Context: Malaysia Airlines Flight 17, Russia_
4. [The European Union agrees to impose new sanctions on Russia, expanding a list of Russian entities and individuals subject to asset freezes and travel bans and threatens to target vast sectors of the Russian economy if Moscow does not act swiftly to rein in rebels believed to have shot down a Malaysia Airlines plane over eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2014/07/22/the-european-union-agrees-to-impose-new-sanctions-on-russia-expanding-a-list-of-russian-entities-and-individuals-subject-to-asset-freezes-a.md) _Context: Malaysia Airlines Flight 17, Russia_
5. [The United States vetoes a United Nations Security Council resolution aimed at stopping Israeli airstrikes against Gaza. UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and the United Kingdom, European Union, Russia, France, and China all call for a ceasefire. ](/news/2008/12/28/the-united-states-vetoes-a-united-nations-security-council-resolution-aimed-at-stopping-israeli-airstrikes-against-gaza-un-secretary-genera.md) _Context: Russia, vetoes_
6. [Syrian Civil War: Central Syria campaign (July 2017-present): A Syrian Army commando unit backed by Russian warplanes and helicopters kills 25 ISIL militants in Central Syria, in the northeast of the Homs Governorate. ](/news/2017/08/13/syrian-civil-war-central-syria-campaign-july-2017-present-a-syrian-army-commando-unit-backed-by-russian-warplanes-and-helicopters-kill.md) _Context: Russia_
7. [GTA gang: Three so-called GTA gang members are shot dead and four others are wounded, including two guards, at a courthouse in Moscow, Russia, after they attempted to escape. ](/news/2017/08/1/gta-gang-three-so-called-gta-gang-members-are-shot-dead-and-four-others-are-wounded-including-two-guards-at-a-courthouse-in-moscow-russi.md) _Context: Russia_
8. [Syrian Civil War: The Russian air force bombards the city of Madan and Zor Shamr Camp, south and east of Raqqa, Syria, with cluster bombs, killing six civilians and wounding 19 others. Nearby Alburamadan town was also struck; there are no reports of casualties. ](/news/2017/07/23/syrian-civil-war-the-russian-air-force-bombards-the-city-of-madan-and-zor-shamr-camp-south-and-east-of-raqqa-syria-with-cluster-bombs-k.md) _Context: Russia_
9. [United States sanctions: Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/united-states-sanctions-negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea.md) _Context: Russia_
10. [2017 disasters in Russia: At least 14 people are killed in Russia's Tatarstan Republic as a bus catches fire after colliding with a truck. ](/news/2017/07/2/2017-disasters-in-russia-at-least-14-people-are-killed-in-russia-s-tatarstan-republic-as-a-bus-catches-fire-after-colliding-with-a-truck.md) _Context: Russia_
