### [2016-04-5](/news/2016/04/5/index.md)

# In American football, Twitter wins the bidding contest over Amazon, Verizon, and others, for streaming rights to 10 of 16 National Football League (NFL) regular season "Thursday Night Football Games", ones that will also be telecast by either CBS or NBC. The league streamed one game last year with Yahoo!. Verizon, meanwhile, already owns the mobile rights to all NFL games which are available to subscribers via a mobile app; the 10 NFL games on Twitter will be free. 

Twitter won the digital streaming rights for NFL Thursday night games, commissioner Roger Goodell announced Tuesday.


### Source:

1. [ESPN](http://espn.go.com/nfl/story/_/id/15138355/twitter-wins-digital-streaming-rights-nfl-thursday-night-games)
2. [NFL.com](http://www.nfl.com/news/story/0ap3000000630862/article/nfl-expands-thursday-night-football-package)
3. [Re/code](http://recode.net/2016/04/05/twitter-beats-amazon-verizon-for-global-nfl-streaming-deal/)

### Related:

1. [Verizon Wireless: Yahoo! shareholders officially approve its $4.48 billion sale to Verizon Wireless. Yahoo! stock was up 8.5 percent shortly thereafter. ](/news/2017/06/8/verizon-wireless-yahoo-shareholders-officially-approve-its-4-48-billion-sale-to-verizon-wireless-yahoo-stock-was-up-8-5-percent-shortly.md) _Context: Verizon Wireless, Yahoo!_
2. [October 2016 Dyn cyberattack: A series of cyberattacks utilizing distributed denial-of-service attacks, targeting networks operated by DNS provider Dyn, makes major Internet platforms and services unavailable to large swaths of users in Europe and North America. Affected companies include Amazon, Twitter, Spotify, Reddit, PayPal, Netflix, and Airbnb. ](/news/2016/10/21/october-2016-dyn-cyberattack-a-series-of-cyberattacks-utilizing-distributed-denial-of-service-attacks-targeting-networks-operated-by-dns-p.md) _Context: Amazon, tweets_
3. [ Craigslist is sued because of illegal posts to that website. Amazon, eBay, AOL, Yahoo, and Google all file briefs as friends of the court in support of Craigslist. ](/news/2006/07/7/craigslist-is-sued-because-of-illegal-posts-to-that-website-amazon-ebay-aol-yahoo-and-google-all-file-briefs-as-friends-of-the-court-i.md) _Context: Amazon, Yahoo!_
4. [Sexual orientation and gender identity in the United States military: U.S. President Donald Trump tweets that transgender Americans will not be allowed to serve "in any capacity" in the United States Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/07/26/sexual-orientation-and-gender-identity-in-the-united-states-military-u-s-president-donald-trump-tweets-that-transgender-americans-will-not.md) _Context: tweets_
5. [Chronic traumatic encephalopathy: A study, published in the "Journal of the American Medical Association", finds that 99 percent of the brains donated for scientific research by deceased National Football League players show signs of chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE), the disease identified in autopsies of numerous NFL players who have committed suicide, and the subject of the 2015 movie "Concussion". ](/news/2017/07/25/chronic-traumatic-encephalopathy-a-study-published-in-the-journal-of-the-american-medical-association-finds-that-99-percent-of-the-brai.md) _Context: National Football League_
6. [Social networking service: Facebook, Inc. announces that its social media service now has 2 billion regular users, more than a quarter of the world's population. Twitter, by comparison, has 328 million users as of April 2017. ](/news/2017/06/27/social-networking-service-facebook-inc-announces-that-its-social-media-service-now-has-2-billion-regular-users-more-than-a-quarter-of-th.md) _Context: tweets_
7. [Whole Foods Market: Amazon agrees to buy Whole Foods Market for $13.7 billion. The takeover deal is expected to be completed in the second half of the year. ](/news/2017/06/16/whole-foods-market-amazon-agrees-to-buy-whole-foods-market-for-13-7-billion-the-takeover-deal-is-expected-to-be-completed-in-the-second-h.md) _Context: Amazon_
8. [Right-wing media personality Katie Hopkins is to leave LBC with "immediate effect" after Hopkins posted on Twitter calling for a so-called "final solution" to the United Kingdom's Islamic terrorism problem following the Manchester Arena bombing which left 22 people dead. ](/news/2017/05/26/right-wing-media-personality-katie-hopkins-is-to-leave-lbc-with-immediate-effect-after-hopkins-posted-on-twitter-calling-for-a-so-called.md) _Context: tweets_
9. [The U.S. Department of Homeland Security withdraws its order that Twitter unmask a user whose tweets are critical of President Donald Trump following the company's court filing to block the order on constitutional grounds. ](/news/2017/04/7/the-u-s-department-of-homeland-security-withdraws-its-order-that-twitter-unmask-a-user-whose-tweets-are-critical-of-president-donald-trump.md) _Context: tweets_
10. [Verizon Communications agrees to buy the core business at Yahoo Inc. for $4.48 billion. Completion of this July 2016 deal had been delayed because of two data breaches Yahoo disclosed last year. ](/news/2017/02/21/verizon-communications-agrees-to-buy-the-core-business-at-yahoo-inc-for-4-48-billion-completion-of-this-july-2016-deal-had-been-delayed-b.md) _Context: Yahoo!_
