### [2016-04-5](/news/2016/04/5/index.md)

# Mississippi Governor Phil Bryant approves a new law that allows religious groups and private businesses to deny services to gay and transgender people. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/mississippi-gov-signs-law-allowing-service-denial-to-gays/2016/04/05/ca7b62e6-fb8d-11e5-813a-90ab563f0dde_story.html)

### Related:

1. [The Mississippi Hospitality and Restaurant Association, in response to the potential backlash from Mississippi Governor Phil Bryant's signing of the known-as ''religious freedom'' bill which permits denial of services because of religious belief, will distribute decals that say "Everyone's Welcome Here."  Mike Cashion, MHRA director, says the  bill "created a level of controversy" that affects Mississippi's image. ](/news/2016/04/7/the-mississippi-hospitality-and-restaurant-association-in-response-to-the-potential-backlash-from-mississippi-governor-phil-bryant-s-signin.md) _Context: LGBT rights in the United States, Phil Bryant's_
2. [Officials report the casualties from yesterday's  spring-like storm that triggered more than 20 tornadoes, destroyed homes, delayed and cancelled air flights, and caused power outages in the U.S. Midwest and Southeast have risen to at least 11 people killed with dozens injured. Mississippi Governor Phil Bryant declares a state of emergency in areas affected by the storm. ](/news/2015/12/24/officials-report-the-casualties-from-yesterday-s-spring-like-storm-that-triggered-more-than-20-tornadoes-destroyed-homes-delayed-and-canc.md) _Context: Mississippi Governor, Phil Bryant's_
3. [ The full 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Chicago rules (8-3) that the 1964 Civil Rights Act protects LGBT employees from workplace discrimination. ](/news/2017/04/4/the-full-7th-u-s-circuit-court-of-appeals-in-chicago-rules-8-3-that-the-1964-civil-rights-act-protects-lgbt-employees-from-workplace-dis.md) _Context: LGBT rights in the United States_
4. [The United Kingdom posthumously pardons around 49,000 gay and bisexual men found guilty of decades-old sodomy laws in England and Wales.  Those still living can apply for a statutory pardon.  ](/news/2017/01/31/the-united-kingdom-posthumously-pardons-around-49-000-gay-and-bisexual-men-found-guilty-of-decades-old-sodomy-laws-in-england-and-wales-th.md) _Context: gay and bisexual men_
5. [The United Nations agrees to appoint an observer to investigate violence against LGBT people, despite opposition from various countries. ](/news/2016/06/30/the-united-nations-agrees-to-appoint-an-observer-to-investigate-violence-against-lgbt-people-despite-opposition-from-various-countries.md) _Context: gay and bisexual men_
6. [A group of United States mayors forms ''"Mayors Against Discrimination"'' in the wake of  recent discriminatory laws enacted  in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminatory-laws-enacted-in-north-carol.md) _Context: LGBT rights in the United States_
7. [Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards signs an anti-discrimination order protecting the rights of gay and transgender people that  rescinds one his immediate predecessor, Bobby Jindal, signed that sought to limit same-sex marriage rights and the ability of transgender people to choose which public restrooms they may use. ](/news/2016/04/13/louisiana-governor-john-bel-edwards-signs-an-anti-discrimination-order-protecting-the-rights-of-gay-and-transgender-people-that-rescinds-on.md) _Context: LGBT rights in the United States_
8. [Nike, Inc. drops Manny Pacquiao as an endorser after his remarks about LGBT people. ](/news/2016/02/18/nike-inc-drops-manny-pacquiao-as-an-endorser-after-his-remarks-about-lgbt-people.md) _Context: gay and bisexual men_
9. [Filipino Senate candidate and boxer Manny Pacquiao calls LGBT people "less than animals" when asked about his opposition to same-sex marriage, prompting condemnation from prominent Filipino LGBT figures such as Aiza Seguerra, John Lapus and Vice Ganda. Pacquiao later apologizes. ](/news/2016/02/16/filipino-senate-candidate-and-boxer-manny-pacquiao-calls-lgbt-people-less-than-animals-when-asked-about-his-opposition-to-same-sex-marriag.md) _Context: gay and bisexual men_
10. [The President of the United States nominates Eric Fanning as the first openly LGBT Secretary of the Army. ](/news/2015/09/18/the-president-of-the-united-states-nominates-eric-fanning-as-the-first-openly-lgbt-secretary-of-the-army.md) _Context: gay and bisexual men_
