### [2016-04-5](/news/2016/04/5/index.md)

# Peruvian general election, 2016: Peruvians protest in five cities, including the capital Lima, against the presidential candidacy of Keiko Fujimori, daughter of imprisoned ex-president Alberto Fujimori, who exactly 24 years ago this day carried out a coup by shutting down Congress and taking over the courts with the support of the military. Keiko Fujimori is the front runner in Sunday's April 10, 2016, election. Yesterday, Fujimori committed to respect democratic liberties and the rule of law, and to work against corruption, which some opponents have rejected. The Organization of American States says the election could lack credibility unless two recently-disqualified candidates are allowed to run. 

Protesters gathered in downtown Lima against the candidacy of Keiko Fujimori, daughter of imprisoned ex-president Alberto Fujimori.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/the_americas/peruvians-protest-fujimoris-rule-as-daughter-leads-in-polls/2016/04/05/64a51e52-fb84-11e5-813a-90ab563f0dde_story.html)
2. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/slideshow/presidential-panic-peru-protests-frontrunner-days-election-n551471)
3. [Prensa Latina](http://plenglish.com/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=4758361&Itemid=1)

### Related:

1. [Peruvian general election, 2016: Election officials announce all ballots have been processed and Pedro Pablo Kuczynski wins the closest presidential contest in five decades with 50.1 percent of the votes versus 49.9% for Keiko Fujimori. Fujimori has yet to concede defeat. As many as 50,000 ballots still need to be reviewed, but experts say Fujimori can not make up the difference of roughly 40,000 votes separating her from Kuczynski. ](/news/2016/06/9/peruvian-general-election-2016-election-officials-announce-all-ballots-have-been-processed-and-pedro-pablo-kuczynski-wins-the-closest-pres.md) _Context: Keiko Fujimori, Peruvian general election, 2016_
2. [Peruvian general election, 2016: With more than 92% of the vote counted, Pedro Pablo Kuczynski is ahead of Keiko Fujimori by just over 103,000 votes, 50.3 percent to 49.6 percent, in the electorate of 23 million citizens. Ballots of Peruvians living abroad will begin to arrive tonight. Mariano Cucho, the head of the electoral office, says the count may not be finalized until Thursday or Friday. ](/news/2016/06/6/peruvian-general-election-2016-with-more-than-92-of-the-vote-counted-pedro-pablo-kuczynski-is-ahead-of-keiko-fujimori-by-just-over-103-0.md) _Context: Keiko Fujimori, Peruvian general election, 2016_
3. [Peruvian general election, 2016: Voters in Peru go to the polls for the second round of voting in a presidential election where Keiko Fujimori and Pedro Pablo Kuczynski are the remaining candidates. ](/news/2016/06/5/peruvian-general-election-2016-voters-in-peru-go-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-voting-in-a-presidential-election-where-keiko-fujimo.md) _Context: Keiko Fujimori, Peruvian general election, 2016_
4. [Peruvian general election, 2016: Voters in Peru go to the polls for a general election with Keiko Fujimori and Pedro Kuczynski going through to the second round. ](/news/2016/04/10/peruvian-general-election-2016-voters-in-peru-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-with-keiko-fujimori-and-pedro-kuczynski-going-through.md) _Context: Keiko Fujimori, Peruvian general election, 2016_
5. [ Former President of Peru Alberto Fujimori is sentenced to six years in jail for corruption by a court in Lima. ](/news/2009/09/30/former-president-of-peru-alberto-fujimori-is-sentenced-to-six-years-in-jail-for-corruption-by-a-court-in-lima.md) _Context: Alberto Fujimori, Lima_
6. [ Former Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori arrives in Lima a day after Chile's Supreme Court ruled his extradition back to his home country due to charges of human rights abuses and corruption. ](/news/2007/09/22/former-peruvian-president-alberto-fujimori-arrives-in-lima-a-day-after-chile-s-supreme-court-ruled-his-extradition-back-to-his-home-country.md) _Context: Alberto Fujimori, Lima_
7. [Corruption in Peru: Operation Car Wash: A court of Lima orders 18 months of pre-trial imprisonment for former president Ollanta Humala and his wife Nadine Heredia for alleged money laundering. Both have turned themselves in. ](/news/2017/07/14/corruption-in-peru-operation-car-wash-a-court-of-lima-orders-18-months-of-pre-trial-imprisonment-for-former-president-ollanta-humala-and-h.md) _Context: Lima_
8. [Venezuela says it will withdraw from the Organization of American States after the organization decided to call a meeting without Venezuela. ](/news/2017/04/26/venezuela-says-it-will-withdraw-from-the-organization-of-american-states-after-the-organization-decided-to-call-a-meeting-without-venezuela.md) _Context: Organization of American States_
9. [Peruvian general election, 2016: Peru's electoral court bans two leading candidates - Julio Guzman and Cesar Acuna Peralta - from participating in next month's election due to breaches of electoral law. ](/news/2016/03/9/peruvian-general-election-2016-peru-s-electoral-court-bans-two-leading-candidates-julio-guzman-and-ca-c-sar-acua-a-peralta-from-particip.md) _Context: Peruvian general election, 2016_
10. [Archaeologists discover four prehistoric Ichma culture tombs in the centre of the Peruvian capital Lima. ](/news/2015/11/27/archaeologists-discover-four-prehistoric-ichma-culture-tombs-in-the-centre-of-the-peruvian-capital-lima.md) _Context: Lima_
