
Formats: [HTML](/news/2016/04/5/peruvians-protest-in-five-cities-including-the-capital-lima-against-the-presidential-candidacy-of-keiko-fujimori-daughter-of-imprisoned-e.html)  [JSON](/news/2016/04/5/peruvians-protest-in-five-cities-including-the-capital-lima-against-the-presidential-candidacy-of-keiko-fujimori-daughter-of-imprisoned-e.json)  [XML](/news/2016/04/5/peruvians-protest-in-five-cities-including-the-capital-lima-against-the-presidential-candidacy-of-keiko-fujimori-daughter-of-imprisoned-e.xml)  

### [2016-04-5](/news/2016/04/5/index.md)

##### Peruvian general election, 2016
# Peruvians protest in five cities, including the capital Lima, against the presidential candidacy of Keiko Fujimori, daughter of imprisoned ex-president Alberto Fujimori, who exactly 24 years ago this day carried out a coup by shutting down Congress and taking over the courts with the support of the military. Keiko Fujimori is the front runner in Sunday's April 10, 2016, election. Yesterday, Fujimori committed to respect democratic liberties and the rule of law, and to work against corruption, which some opponents have rejected. The Organization of American States says the election could lack credibility unless two recently disqualified candidates are allowed to run. 

Protesters gathered in downtown Lima against the candidacy of Keiko Fujimori, daughter of imprisoned ex-president Alberto Fujimori.


### Sources:

1. [AP via ''The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/the_americas/peruvians-protest-fujimoris-rule-as-daughter-leads-in-polls/2016/04/05/64a51e52-fb84-11e5-813a-90ab563f0dde_story.html)
2. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/slideshow/presidential-panic-peru-protests-frontrunner-days-election-n551471)
3. [Prensa Latina](http://plenglish.com/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=4758361&Itemid=1)
3. [Cover Image](https://media4.s-nbcnews.com/j/newscms/2016_14/1485766/ss-160405-peru-keiko-protest-03_94f4ea214f325ae3f9f0d8bd1775a735.nbcnews-fp-1200-800.jpg)

### Changes:

1. [Peruvian general election, 2016: Peruvians protest in five cities, including the capital Lima, against the presidential candidacy of Keiko Fujimori, daughter of imprisoned ex-president Alberto Fujimori, who exactly 24 years ago this day carried out a coup by shutting down Congress and taking over the courts with the support of the military. Keiko Fujimori is the front runner in Sunday's April 10, 2016, election. Yesterday, Fujimori committed to respect democratic liberties and the rule of law, and to work against corruption, which some opponents have rejected. The Organization of American States says the election could lack credibility unless two recently-disqualified candidates are allowed to run. ](/news/2016/04/5/peruvian-general-election-2016-peruvians-protest-in-five-cities-including-the-capital-lima-against-the-presidential-candidacy-of-keiko-f.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:29 (First version)_
1. [Peruvians protest in five cities, including the capital Lima, against the presidential candidacy of Keiko Fujimori, daughter of imprisoned ex-president Alberto Fujimori, who exactly 24 years ago this day carried out a coup by shutting down Congress and taking over the courts with the support of the military. Keiko Fujimori is the front runner in Sunday's April 10, 2016, election. Yesterday, Fujimori committed to respect democratic liberties and the rule of law, and to work against corruption, which some opponents have rejected. The Organization of American States says the election could lack credibility unless two recently disqualified candidates are allowed to run. ](/news/2016/04/5/peruvians-protest-in-five-cities-including-the-capital-lima-against-the-presidential-candidacy-of-keiko-fujimori-daughter-of-imprisoned-e.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [Election officials announce all ballots have been processed and Pedro Pablo Kuczynski wins the closest presidential contest in five decades with 50.1 percent of the votes versus 49.9% for Keiko Fujimori. Fujimori has yet to concede defeat. As many as 50,000 ballots still need to be reviewed, but experts say Fujimori can not make up the difference of roughly 40,000 votes separating her from Kuczynski. ](/news/2016/06/9/election-officials-announce-all-ballots-have-been-processed-and-pedro-pablo-kuczynski-wins-the-closest-presidential-contest-in-five-decades.md) _Context: Keiko Fujimori, Peruvian general election, 2016_
2. [With more than 92% of the vote counted, Pedro Pablo Kuczynski is ahead of Keiko Fujimori by just over 103,000 votes, 50.3 percent to 49.6 percent, in the electorate of 23 million citizens. Ballots of Peruvians living abroad will begin to arrive tonight. Mariano Cucho, the head of the electoral office, says the count may not be finalized until Thursday or Friday. ](/news/2016/06/6/with-more-than-92-of-the-vote-counted-pedro-pablo-kuczynski-is-ahead-of-keiko-fujimori-by-just-over-103-000-votes-50-3-percent-to-49-6-pe.md) _Context: Keiko Fujimori, Peruvian general election, 2016_
3. [Voters in Peru go to the polls for the second round of voting in a presidential election where Keiko Fujimori and Pedro Pablo Kuczynski are the remaining candidates. ](/news/2016/06/5/voters-in-peru-go-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-voting-in-a-presidential-election-where-keiko-fujimori-and-pedro-pablo-kuczynski-are.md) _Context: Keiko Fujimori, Peruvian general election, 2016_
4. [Voters in Peru go to the polls for a general election with Keiko Fujimori and Pedro Kuczynski going through to the second round. ](/news/2016/04/10/voters-in-peru-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-with-keiko-fujimori-and-pedro-kuczynski-going-through-to-the-second-round.md) _Context: Keiko Fujimori, Peruvian general election, 2016_
5. [ Former President of Peru Alberto Fujimori is sentenced to six years in jail for corruption by a court in Lima. ](/news/2009/09/30/former-president-of-peru-alberto-fujimori-is-sentenced-to-six-years-in-jail-for-corruption-by-a-court-in-lima.md) _Context: Alberto Fujimori, Lima_
