### [2016-04-5](/news/2016/04/5/index.md)

# South Korea has determined North Korea is capable of mounting a nuclear warhead on its medium-range Rodong-1 ballistic missile, which could reach all of South Korea and most of Japan, according to a senior government official. 




### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/06/world/asia/north-korea-nuclear-warhead-rodong-missile.html)

### Related:

1. [North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-eastern-waters-in-the-direction-of-japan-accordi.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea_
2. [North Korea launches two ballistic missiles, one of which explodes immediately after its launch while the main part of the other  lands in Japan's economic exclusion zone. ](/news/2016/08/3/north-korea-launches-two-ballistic-missiles-one-of-which-explodes-immediately-after-its-launch-while-the-main-part-of-the-other-lands-in-j.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, ballistic missile_
3. [South Korea claims that North Korea has fired a ballistic missile from a submarine. ](/news/2016/07/9/south-korea-claims-that-north-korea-has-fired-a-ballistic-missile-from-a-submarine.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea, ballistic missile_
4. [North Korea attempts again to launch a BM25 Musudan intermediate-range ballistic missile capable of striking South Korea or Japan but is unsuccessful. ](/news/2016/05/31/north-korea-attempts-again-to-launch-a-bm25-musudan-intermediate-range-ballistic-missile-capable-of-striking-south-korea-or-japan-but-is-uns.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea_
5. [Amid growing concern about North Korea's ballistic missile capability, South Korea, Japan and the U.S. are to hold their first ever joint anti-missile exercise next month, according to South Korea's Ministry of National Defense. The three countries will practice "detecting and tracing a hypothetical North Korean missile," said a ministry official. ](/news/2016/05/17/amid-growing-concern-about-north-korea-s-ballistic-missile-capability-south-korea-japan-and-the-u-s-are-to-hold-their-first-ever-joint-an.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea_
6. [North Korea deploys one or two intermediate-range ballistic missiles on its east coast, possibly preparing for launch on or around Friday, the anniversary of the birth of the country's founder Kim Il-sung, according to South Korea's Yonhap news agency. ](/news/2016/04/14/north-korea-deploys-one-or-two-intermediate-range-ballistic-missiles-on-its-east-coast-possibly-preparing-for-launch-on-or-around-friday-t.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea, ballistic missile_
7. [North Korea fires another ballistic missile off its east coast, according to South Korean officials. This occurred while world leaders are attending the annual Nuclear Security Summit in Washington, D.C., where North Korea is on the agenda for discussion. ](/news/2016/04/1/north-korea-fires-another-ballistic-missile-off-its-east-coast-according-to-south-korean-officials-this-occurred-while-world-leaders-are-a.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea, ballistic missile_
8. [ North Korea announces it is in the final stage of uranium enrichment, as Russia, South Korea, Japan and the United States express concern. ](/news/2009/09/4/north-korea-announces-it-is-in-the-final-stage-of-uranium-enrichment-as-russia-south-korea-japan-and-the-united-states-express-concern.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea_
9. [U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435 miles reaching an altitude of more than 1,245 miles before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60 miles south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launched-a-test-missile-from-the-west-coast-city-of-kusong-the-projectile-travelle.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea_
10. [South Korea claims that North Korea has fired several missiles from the Sohae Satellite Launching Station into the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2017/03/6/south-korea-claims-that-north-korea-has-fired-several-missiles-from-the-sohae-satellite-launching-station-into-the-sea-of-japan.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea_
