### [2016-04-5](/news/2016/04/5/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War: Al-Nusra Front militants shoot down a Syrian Arab Air Force Sukhoi Su-22 fighter jet and capture its pilot in the northern Aleppo Governorate. 

The Syrian al-Qaeda faction Jabhat al-Nusra has captured an Assad regime pilot after his Russian-made jet was shot down near a town that has been subject to intense fighting in the north of the country.


### Source:

1. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/04/05/al-qaeda-group-shoot-down-syrian-regime-jet/)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: Syrian government airstrikes in Damascus kill at least 30 people. According to the rebels, the airstrikes were revenge for the killing of a Syrian Air Force pilot by Al-Nusra Front yesterday. The airstrikes reportedly targeted a medical centre and a school. ](/news/2016/07/2/syrian-civil-war-syrian-government-airstrikes-in-damascus-kill-at-least-30-people-according-to-the-rebels-the-airstrikes-were-revenge-for.md) _Context: Syrian, Syrian Civil War, al-Nusra_
2. [Syrian Civil War: Northern Aleppo offensive (2016): The Syrian Army, backed by the Russian Air Force, takes control of the town of Ratyan in the Aleppo Governorate, after defeating Al-Nusra Front and Ahrar ash-Sham fighters. ](/news/2016/02/6/syrian-civil-war-northern-aleppo-offensive-2016-the-syrian-army-backed-by-the-russian-air-force-takes-control-of-the-town-of-ratyan-in.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Syrian Civil War, al-Nusra_
3. [Syrian Civil War: Al-Nusra Front's (Al-Qaeda's branch in Syria) leader Abu Suleiman al-Masri is reportedly killed in the Aleppo province during clashes with the Syrian Army. ](/news/2015/10/24/syrian-civil-war-al-nusra-front-s-al-qaeda-s-branch-in-syria-leader-abu-suleiman-al-masri-is-reportedly-killed-in-the-aleppo-province-dur.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Syrian Civil War, al-Nusra_
4. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Army captures at least 23 villages in North East Aleppo Governorate from ISIL in a matter of hours after an ISIL withdrawal caused by the SAA capturing Al-Khafsah. ](/news/2017/03/7/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-army-captures-at-least-23-villages-in-north-east-aleppo-governorate-from-isil-in-a-matter-of-hours-after-an-isi.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Army recaptures the strategic town of Tadef from ISIL, south of al-Bab, securing key transportation routes in eastern Aleppo Governorate. ](/news/2017/02/26/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-army-recaptures-the-strategic-town-of-tadef-from-isil-south-of-al-bab-securing-key-transportation-routes-in-e.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian Civil War: Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/syrian-civil-war-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ce.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, al-Nusra_
7. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a car bomb has killed at least ten people in the city of Azaz, Aleppo Governorate. ](/news/2016/11/17/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-car-bomb-has-killed-at-least-ten-people-in-the-city-of-azaz-aleppo-gove.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian Civil War: Suspected Syrian or Russian warplanes conduct airstrikes on a residential area and a school in Haas village in rebel-held Idlib Governorate, killing at least 26 civilians, most of them children. ](/news/2016/10/26/syrian-civil-war-suspected-syrian-or-russian-warplanes-conduct-airstrikes-on-a-residential-area-and-a-school-in-haas-village-in-rebel-held.md) _Context: Syrian, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian Civil War: Turkish-backed Free Syrian Army rebels seize control of the symbolic town of Dabiq, Aleppo Governorate, following clashes with ISIL militants. ](/news/2016/10/16/syrian-civil-war-turkish-backed-free-syrian-army-rebels-seize-control-of-the-symbolic-town-of-dabiq-aleppo-governorate-following-clashes.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian civil war: Hours after the Syrian military declares the end of the ceasefire, an airstrike hits a convoy of United Nations OCHA aid trucks near the town of Urum al-Kubra, in the Aleppo Governorate, with the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reporting that at least 12 people have been killed. ](/news/2016/09/19/syrian-civil-war-hours-after-the-syrian-military-declares-the-end-of-the-ceasefire-an-airstrike-hits-a-convoy-of-united-nations-ocha-aid-t.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Syrian Civil War_
