### [2016-04-5](/news/2016/04/5/index.md)

# The South African Parliament debates a minority motion to impeach President Jacob Zuma following last week's Constitutional Court judgment that Zuma had violated the constitution in a spending scandal involving the president's private home. The African National Congress has a 249 - 151 majority, making this motion's chance of gaining a two-thirds majority unlikely. 

President Jacob Zuma lived to lead South Africa for another day after a DA motion to have him removed failed by 243 votes to 133 in the National Assembly.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/africa/south-african-parliament-to-debate-motion-against-president/2016/04/05/8af39506-fb2b-11e5-813a-90ab563f0dde_story.html)
2. [News24](http://www.news24.com/news24/SouthAfrica/News/zuma-survives-impeachment-vote-to-lead-another-day-20160405)
3. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/safrica-zuma-impeachment-idINKCN0X21SY)

### Related:

1. [The Parliament of South Africa announces it will debate a motion to impeach President Jacob Zuma this coming Tuesday. This comes after Zuma is facing mounting pressure when the Constitutional Court ruled that Zuma violated the constitution by using state funds to renovate his mansion. Yesterday, anti-apartheid veteran Ahmed Kathrada joined opposition leaders in calling for Zuma's resignation. ](/news/2016/04/3/the-parliament-of-south-africa-announces-it-will-debate-a-motion-to-impeach-president-jacob-zuma-this-coming-tuesday-this-comes-after-zuma.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, Parliament, President, South Africa, South African Constitutional Court_
2. [South Africa's governing party, the African National Congress, starts a 5-day conference where President Jacob Zuma faces a challenge from Deputy President Kgalema Motlanthe. ](/news/2012/12/16/south-africa-s-governing-party-the-african-national-congress-starts-a-5-day-conference-where-president-jacob-zuma-faces-a-challenge-from-d.md) _Context: African National Congress, Jacob Zuma, President, South Africa_
3. [ South African President Jacob Zuma admits disagreements do exist between the ANC and the trade union federation (COSATU)&mdash;one of its main political partners. ](/news/2009/09/21/south-african-president-jacob-zuma-admits-disagreements-do-exist-between-the-anc-and-the-trade-union-federation-cosatu-mdash-one-of-its-m.md) _Context: African National Congress, Jacob Zuma, President, South Africa_
4. [Following a South African Constitutional Court order, the National Treasury reports President Jacob Zuma should pay back $500,000, the public funds spent upgrading his private residence. ](/news/2016/06/28/following-a-south-african-constitutional-court-order-the-national-treasury-reports-president-jacob-zuma-should-pay-back-500-000-the-publi.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, President, South African Constitutional Court_
5. [A court in South Africa rules that the decision in 2009 to drop over 750 corruption charges against President Jacob Zuma was irrational and called for a review of them. However, the court ruling does not automatically reinstate the charges against Zuma as a legal team must be set up to decide on whether to charge him or not. ](/news/2016/04/29/a-court-in-south-africa-rules-that-the-decision-in-2009-to-drop-over-750-corruption-charges-against-president-jacob-zuma-was-irrational-and.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, President, South Africa_
6. [Corruption in South Africa: President Jacob Zuma survives a no-confidence vote in the South African Parliament in response to corruption allegations against him. ](/news/2016/03/1/corruption-in-south-africa-president-jacob-zuma-survives-a-no-confidence-vote-in-the-south-african-parliament-in-response-to-corruption-all.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, Parliament, President_
7. [South Africa's Public Protector finds that President Jacob Zuma has "benefitted unduly" from government funded upgrades of his rural residence. ](/news/2014/03/19/south-africa-s-public-protector-finds-that-president-jacob-zuma-has-benefitted-unduly-from-government-funded-upgrades-of-his-rural-residen.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, President, South Africa_
8. [Central African Republic conflict (2012-present):: South Africa's President Jacob Zuma announces full withdrawal from the Central African Republic after criticism over death of 13 soldiers during the fall of the government there. ](/news/2013/04/4/central-african-republic-conflict-2012-present-south-africa-s-president-jacob-zuma-announces-full-withdrawal-from-the-central-african.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, President, South Africa_
9. [Incumbent President of South Africa Jacob Zuma wins a landslide victory in the African National Congress leadership contest opening the way for likely reelection in 2014. ](/news/2012/12/18/incumbent-president-of-south-africa-jacob-zuma-wins-a-landslide-victory-in-the-african-national-congress-leadership-contest-opening-the-way.md) _Context: African National Congress, Jacob Zuma, President_
10. [South African President Jacob Zuma will visit Libya for talks with Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi, in renewed efforts by the African Union to broker a cease-fire in the 2011 Libyan civil war. ](/news/2011/05/25/south-african-president-jacob-zuma-will-visit-libya-for-talks-with-libyan-leader-muammar-gaddafi-in-renewed-efforts-by-the-african-union-to.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, President, South Africa_
