### [2005-09-26](/news/2005/09/26/index.md)

#  Anti-Iraq War activist Cindy Sheehan is arrested while protesting outside the White House. [http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20050926/ap_on_re_us/war_demonstrations_8 (Yahoo! News)] (Link dead as of 21:25, 14 January 2007 (UTC))




### Related:

1. [ U.S. President George W. Bush announces the formation of the Iraq Intelligence Commission, an independent, bipartisan inquiry presidential commission to probe into prewar intelligence regarding weapons of mass destruction leading up to the decision to invade Iraq. Former Iraq Survey Group chief David Kay, who searched for weapons in Iraq, meets with Bush at the White House and maintains that Bush was right to go to war in Iraq and characterizes the Saddam Hussein regime as "far more dangerous than even we anticipated" when it was thought he had WMDs ready to deploy. (See rationale for the Iraq War and Senate Report on Pre-war Intelligence on Iraq)](/news/2004/02/2/u-s-president-george-w-bush-announces-the-formation-of-the-iraq-intelligence-commission-an-independent-bipartisan-inquiry-presidential.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, White House_
2. [Kurt Volker, U.S. special representative for Ukraine, says in a BBC News interview that the White House is considering arming Ukrainian government forces fighting Pro-Russian militants with defensive weapons. ](/news/2017/07/25/kurt-volker-u-s-special-representative-for-ukraine-says-in-a-bbc-news-interview-that-the-white-house-is-considering-arming-ukrainian-gove.md) _Context: White House_
3. [The White House releases unredacted emails of people concerned about the Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity. Sensitive information revealed in the emails prompts immediate backlash and privacy concerns. ](/news/2017/07/14/the-white-house-releases-unredacted-emails-of-people-concerned-about-the-presidential-advisory-commission-on-election-integrity-sensitive-i.md) _Context: White House_
4. [The White House releases a proposed budget that includes an increase in spending for the military but a decrease in healthcare and welfare. ](/news/2017/05/23/the-white-house-releases-a-proposed-budget-that-includes-an-increase-in-spending-for-the-military-but-a-decrease-in-healthcare-and-welfare.md) _Context: White House_
5. [President Donald Trump's pick for the U.S. Supreme Court, Neil Gorsuch, is sworn in at the White House. ](/news/2017/04/10/president-donald-trump-s-pick-for-the-u-s-supreme-court-neil-gorsuch-is-sworn-in-at-the-white-house.md) _Context: White House_
6. [President-elect Donald Trump appoints businessman and son-in-law Jared Kushner as his senior advisor in the White House. ](/news/2017/01/10/president-elect-donald-trump-appoints-businessman-and-son-in-law-jared-kushner-as-his-senior-advisor-in-the-white-house.md) _Context: White House_
7. [President-elect of the United States Donald Trump meets with President Barack Obama for the first time at the White House. ](/news/2016/11/10/president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-meets-with-president-barack-obama-for-the-first-time-at-the-white-house.md) _Context: White House_
8. [Wikileaks reveals that Ariana Grande was prevented from perfoming in the White House because of the July 2015 donut-licking incident. ](/news/2016/07/23/wikileaks-reveals-that-ariana-grande-was-prevented-from-perfoming-in-the-white-house-because-of-the-july-2015-donut-licking-incident.md) _Context: White House_
9. [A United States Secret Service officer shoots an armed man on a street near the White House after the man allegedly approached the officer and refused to drop his weapon. The White House is locked down. ](/news/2016/05/20/a-united-states-secret-service-officer-shoots-an-armed-man-on-a-street-near-the-white-house-after-the-man-allegedly-approached-the-officer-a.md) _Context: White House_
10. [The United States Capitol in Washington, D.C. is on lockdown following reports of shots fired at the Capitol Visitor Center. The White House, in what appears to be an unrelated incident, was briefly locked down this afternoon. ](/news/2016/03/28/the-united-states-capitol-in-washington-d-c-is-on-lockdown-following-reports-of-shots-fired-at-the-capitol-visitor-center-the-white-house.md) _Context: White House_
