### [2005-09-26](/news/2005/09/26/index.md)

#  Imad Yarkas is convicted in Spain of conspiracy with al-Qaeda in the September 11, 2001 attacks and sentenced to 27 years. Driss Chebli, was convicted of collaborating with a terrorist group and sentenced to six years, Al Jazeera journalist Tayseer Allouni was also convicted of collaborating with a terrorist group and sentenced to seven years, while Ghasoub al-Abrash Ghalyoun was acquitted on all counts. [http://news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&u=/ap/20050926/ap_on_re_eu/spain_sept11_trial (AP)] (Link dead as of 21:25, 14 January 2007 (UTC))




### Related:

1. [ Tayseer Allouni, a reporter with Al Jazeera, is arrested by Spanish police for the second time. ](/news/2005/09/17/tayseer-allouni-a-reporter-with-al-jazeera-is-arrested-by-spanish-police-for-the-second-time.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Spain, Tayseer Allouni_
2. [Three men are arrested due to their alleged ties with al Qaeda in Spain. ](/news/2012/08/2/three-men-are-arrested-due-to-their-alleged-ties-with-al-qaeda-in-spain.md) _Context: Spain, al-Qaeda_
3. [Spain's government sees a video showing three aid workers who have been held hostage by Al-Qaeda in Mali since November 2009. ](/news/2010/01/15/spain-s-government-sees-a-video-showing-three-aid-workers-who-have-been-held-hostage-by-al-qaeda-in-mali-since-november-2009.md) _Context: Spain, al-Qaeda_
4. [ The United States files charges against six alleged al-Qaeda operatives including Khalid Sheikh Mohammed in connection with the September 11, 2001 attacks, seeking the death penalty for war crimes and murder. ](/news/2008/02/11/the-united-states-files-charges-against-six-alleged-al-qaeda-operatives-including-khalid-sheikh-mohammed-in-connection-with-the-september-1.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 attacks, al-Qaeda_
5. [ Al Jazeera television releases an audio tape featuring a message believed to have been recorded by al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden. ](/news/2007/11/29/al-jazeera-television-releases-an-audio-tape-featuring-a-message-believed-to-have-been-recorded-by-al-qaeda-leader-osama-bin-laden.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, al-Qaeda_
6. [ An Islamist website claims it will soon carry a new video of al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden to mark the sixth anniversary of the September 11, 2001 attacks on U.S. cities. ](/news/2007/09/6/an-islamist-website-claims-it-will-soon-carry-a-new-video-of-al-qaeda-leader-osama-bin-laden-to-mark-the-sixth-anniversary-of-the-september.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 attacks, al-Qaeda_
7. [ A lengthy statement from al-Qaeda's second in command, Ayman al-Zawahiri, on the eve of the fifth anniversary of the September 11, 2001 attacks calls on Muslims to step up their resistance against the United States. ](/news/2006/09/10/a-lengthy-statement-from-al-qaeda-s-second-in-command-ayman-al-zawahiri-on-the-eve-of-the-fifth-anniversary-of-the-september-11-2001-att.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 attacks, al-Qaeda_
8. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict:: Al-Qaeda's deputy leader, Ayman al-Zawahiri, openly supports Hezbollah attacks on Israel, Calling for Jihad until Islam reigns from "Spain to Iraq". ](/news/2006/07/27/2006-israel-lebanon-conflict-al-qaeda-s-deputy-leader-ayman-al-zawahiri-openly-supports-hezbollah-attacks-on-israel-calling-for-jihad.md) _Context: Spain, al-Qaeda_
9. [ The Government of Spain overturns the conviction of Imad Yarkas on charges of conspiracy in the September 11, 2001 attacks after the prosecutor admits that evidence of involvement in the conspiracy was "inconsistent, almost nonexistent." The Spanish government says it will provide further explanation in the coming days. ](/news/2006/06/1/the-government-of-spain-overturns-the-conviction-of-imad-yarkas-on-charges-of-conspiracy-in-the-september-11-2001-attacks-after-the-prosec.md) _Context: Imad Yarkas, September 11, 2001 attacks_
10. [ A voice purporting to be that of Al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden says on an audiotape that Zacarias Moussaoui had no link to the September 11, 2001 attacks. ](/news/2006/05/23/a-voice-purporting-to-be-that-of-al-qaeda-leader-osama-bin-laden-says-on-an-audiotape-that-zacarias-moussaoui-had-no-link-to-the-september.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 attacks, al-Qaeda_
