### [2005-09-26](/news/2005/09/26/index.md)

#  "Kitzmiller et al. v. Dover Area School District" is the first direct challenge brought in United States federal courts against a public school district curriculum mandating the teaching of intelligent design as an alternative to evolution. Opening arguments are set for today in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania District Court. [http://www.latimes.com/news/nationworld/nation/la-na-dover26sep26,0,4324588.story?coll=la-tot-promo&track=morenews (LA Times)] [http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2005/09/26/AR2005092600149.html (AP)] (Link dead as of 21:25, 14 January 2007 (UTC))




### Related:

1. [ In the "Kitzmiller v. Dover Area School District" case, Judge John E. Jones III rules that it is unconstitutional to teach intelligent design as an alternative to evolution in a public school science classroom in the United States. ](/news/2005/12/20/in-the-kitzmiller-v-dover-area-school-district-case-judge-john-e-jones-iii-rules-that-it-is-unconstitutional-to-teach-intelligent-desi.md) _Context: Evolution, Kitzmiller v. Dover Area School District, intelligent design_
2. [Evolution. Researchers from the University of Cambridge suggest that the "Chilesaurus" may be the so-called "missing link" between the "Stegosaurus" and the "Tyrannosaurus". ](/news/2017/08/16/evolution-researchers-from-the-university-of-cambridge-suggest-that-the-chilesaurus-may-be-the-so-called-missing-link-between-the-steg.md) _Context: Evolution_
3. [Evolution. Researchers discover that the diversity of frogs is a direct result of the extinction of the dinosaurs. ](/news/2017/07/4/evolution-researchers-discover-that-the-diversity-of-frogs-is-a-direct-result-of-the-extinction-of-the-dinosaurs.md) _Context: Evolution_
4. [Shooting of Robert Godwin. The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/shooting-of-robert-godwin-the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-ex.md) _Context: Pennsylvania_
5. [Authorities in the state of Pennsylvania discover the Seoul virus, a member of the Hantavirus family, in a contained scientific breeding-facility for rats. ](/news/2017/02/17/authorities-in-the-state-of-pennsylvania-discover-the-seoul-virus-a-member-of-the-hantavirus-family-in-a-contained-scientific-breeding-fac.md) _Context: Pennsylvania_
6. [2016 United States presidential election recounts. Jill Stein, the 2016 presidential candidate for the Green Party, withdraws her lawsuit in the Commonwealth Court of Pennsylvania for a statewide recount of votes in Pennsylvania due to the cost. ](/news/2016/12/3/2016-united-states-presidential-election-recounts-jill-stein-the-2016-presidential-candidate-for-the-green-party-withdraws-her-lawsuit-in.md) _Context: Pennsylvania_
7. [2016 United States presidential election recount and audit. The campaign of Jill Stein files for a recount in Pennsylvania and plans to do so in Michigan. ](/news/2016/11/28/2016-united-states-presidential-election-recount-and-audit-the-campaign-of-jill-stein-files-for-a-recount-in-pennsylvania-and-plans-to-do-s.md) _Context: Pennsylvania_
8. [2016 United States presidential election recount and audit. The campaign of Republican president-elect Donald Trump has called the planned recounts by Green nominee Jill Stein's campaign in Wisconsin, Pennsylvania and Michigan a "scam" and has criticized the participation of the campaign of Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton. ](/news/2016/11/27/2016-united-states-presidential-election-recount-and-audit-the-campaign-of-republican-president-elect-donald-trump-has-called-the-planned.md) _Context: Pennsylvania_
9. [2016 United States presidential election recount and audit. The Clinton campaign announces it will participate in efforts to push for recounts by Jill Stein's campaign in Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin. ](/news/2016/11/26/2016-united-states-presidential-election-recount-and-audit-the-clinton-campaign-announces-it-will-participate-in-efforts-to-push-for-recoun.md) _Context: Pennsylvania_
10. [United States presidential election, 2016. Jill Stein's campaign to hold recounts in Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin receives grassroots support, having crowdfunded millions of dollars through private donations. ](/news/2016/11/25/united-states-presidential-election-2016-jill-stein-s-campaign-to-hold-recounts-in-michigan-pennsylvania-and-wisconsin-receives-grassroo.md) _Context: Pennsylvania_
