### [2005-09-26](/news/2005/09/26/index.md)

#  U.S. Army PFC Lynndie England is found guilty of six of seven charges by a military court in connection with the Abu Ghraib prisoner abuse scandal. A sentencing hearing is scheduled to begin September 27. [http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20050926/ap_on_go_ca_st_pe/prisoner_abuse_england (Yahoo!News)] (Link dead as of 21:25, 14 January 2007 (UTC))




### Related:

1. [ Iraq War: The American Civil Liberties Union releases documents obtained from the United States Army alleging the destruction of photographs documenting the army's abuse of prisoners in Iraq, following the exposure of the Abu Ghraib scandal. ([http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story2&u=/ap/20050218/ap_on_go_ca_st_pe/afghan_abuse AP]).](/news/2005/02/18/iraq-war-the-american-civil-liberties-union-releases-documents-obtained-from-the-united-states-army-alleging-the-destruction-of-photograph.md) _Context: Abu Ghraib abuse, United States Army_
2. [A United States Army Combat Aviation Brigade UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter crashes off the coast of Hawaii, with five people on board. A United States Coast Guard-led search for the missing is underway. ](/news/2017/08/16/a-united-states-army-combat-aviation-brigade-uh-60-black-hawk-helicopter-crashes-off-the-coast-of-hawaii-with-five-people-on-board-a-unite.md) _Context: United States Army_
3. [Jordanian authorities release a video of a Jordanian Air Force sergeant shooting United States soldiers. ](/news/2017/07/25/jordanian-authorities-release-a-video-of-a-jordanian-air-force-sergeant-shooting-united-states-soldiers.md) _Context: United States Army_
4. [United States Army soldier Chelsea Manning is released from prison after serving seven years. Manning was sentenced by a U.S. military court to 35 years in prison, but her sentence was commuted by President Barack Obama. ](/news/2017/05/17/united-states-army-soldier-chelsea-manning-is-released-from-prison-after-serving-seven-years-manning-was-sentenced-by-a-u-s-military-court.md) _Context: United States Army_
5. [A United States Army UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter crashes on a golf course in Leonardtown, Maryland. At least one crew member is injured and taken to hospital. ](/news/2017/04/17/a-united-states-army-uh-60-black-hawk-helicopter-crashes-on-a-golf-course-in-leonardtown-maryland-at-least-one-crew-member-is-injured-and.md) _Context: United States Army_
6. [President Donald Trump names United States Army Lt. General H. R. McMaster as National Security Advisor and says that U.S. Lt. Gen. Keith Kellogg, who has been the acting NSA, will remain as the NSC's Chief of Staff. ](/news/2017/02/20/president-donald-trump-names-united-states-army-lt-general-h-r-mcmaster-as-national-security-advisor-and-says-that-u-s-lt-gen-keith-ke.md) _Context: United States Army_
7. [Michael T. Flynn resigns as National Security Advisor following controversy over his alleged contacts with Russian officials. Retired United States Army general Keith Kellogg subsequently becomes acting National Security Advisor until a permanent replacement is appointed. ](/news/2017/02/13/michael-t-flynn-resigns-as-national-security-advisor-following-controversy-over-his-alleged-contacts-with-russian-officials-retired-united.md) _Context: United States Army_
8. [A Defense Department audit reveals that the United States Army had manipulated its finances, making $6.5 trillion of improper accounting adjustments in order to balance the books in 2015. ](/news/2016/08/19/a-defense-department-audit-reveals-that-the-united-states-army-had-manipulated-its-finances-making-6-5-trillion-of-improper-accounting-adj.md) _Context: United States Army_
9. [The 2016 Republican National Convention gets underway in Cleveland, Ohio. With the day's theme being national and local security, notable speakers include reality television star Willie Robertson, actor Scott Baio, former Governor of Texas Rick Perry, former Mayor of New York City Rudy Giuliani, Milwaukee County sheriff David Clarke, retired United States Army lieutenant general Michael T. Flynn and Melania Trump, wife of presumptive Republican nominee for President of the United States Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/07/18/the-2016-republican-national-convention-gets-underway-in-cleveland-ohio-with-the-day-s-theme-being-national-and-local-security-notable-sp.md) _Context: United States Army_
10. [At least five United States Army soldiers are killed and four are missing after their Light Medium Tactical Vehicle overturns near Fort Hood in Texas. ](/news/2016/06/2/at-least-five-united-states-army-soldiers-are-killed-and-four-are-missing-after-their-light-medium-tactical-vehicle-overturns-near-fort-hood.md) _Context: United States Army_
