### [2016-04-18](/news/2016/04/18/index.md)

# 2016 Macedonian protests: Protests against President Gjorge Ivanov continue in Skopje, the capital of Macedonia, after his decision to pardon politicians involved in a scandal. 




### Source:

1. [The Seattle Times](http://www.seattletimes.com/nation-world/macedonia-enters-second-week-of-anti-government-protests/)

### Related:

1. [Macedonian parliamentary election, 2016: As protesters continue to take to the streets of Skopje, Macedonia, lawmakers confirmed that a snap election will take place on June 5 despite the protesters being angry at President Gjorge Ivanov-s decision to halt investigations into more than 50 public figures, including top politicians embroiled in a wire-tapping scandal. Zoran Zaev, the main opposition leader, vowed to boycott the election. ](/news/2016/04/16/macedonian-parliamentary-election-2016-as-protesters-continue-to-take-to-the-streets-of-skopje-macedonia-lawmakers-confirmed-that-a-snap.md) _Context: Gjorge Ivanov, Macedonian, President, Skopje_
2. [ A number of people were injured in clashes between police and several thousand protestors in Skopje, Macedonia, with demonstrators breaking into President Gjorge Ivanov's offices. ](/news/2016/04/13/a-number-of-people-were-injured-in-clashes-between-police-and-several-thousand-protestors-in-skopje-macedonia-with-demonstrators-breaking.md) _Context: Gjorge Ivanov, Macedonian, President, Skopje_
3. [Protests continue in Skopje, Republic of Macedonia, against President Gjorge Ivanov's decision to suspend an investigation into the alleged corruption of a number of politicians. ](/news/2016/04/17/protests-continue-in-skopje-republic-of-macedonia-against-president-gjorge-ivanov-s-decision-to-suspend-an-investigation-into-the-alleged.md) _Context: Gjorge Ivanov, Macedonian, Skopje_
4. [2016 Macedonian floods: Floods in Macedonia's capital, Skopje, kill at least 21 people with six others missing and dozens injured following torrential rain and strong winds late Saturday. ](/news/2016/08/7/2016-macedonian-floods-floods-in-macedonia-s-capital-skopje-kill-at-least-21-people-with-six-others-missing-and-dozens-injured-following.md) _Context: Macedonian, Skopje_
5. [2016 Macedonian protests: The European Union announces it is considering imposing sanctions on Macedonia's leaders for reneging on an agreement last year to investigate corruption in the ruling class and issuing an amnesty instead to those involved. ](/news/2016/04/22/2016-macedonian-protests-the-european-union-announces-it-is-considering-imposing-sanctions-on-macedonia-s-leaders-for-reneging-on-an-agreem.md) _Context: 2016 Macedonian protests, Macedonian_
6. [2016 Macedonian protests: The European Union cancels mediation talks on resolving the political crisis in Macedonia after that country's main political opposition, led by Zoran Zaev, declined to take part. ](/news/2016/04/21/2016-macedonian-protests-the-european-union-cancels-mediation-talks-on-resolving-the-political-crisis-in-macedonia-after-that-country-s-mai.md) _Context: 2016 Macedonian protests, Macedonian_
7. [2016 Macedonian protests: Protests continue against President Gjorge Ivanov in Skopje, Macedonia. Opposition leader Zoran Zaev said he will only take part in EU-brokered negotiations with the government if certain conditions are met. ](/news/2016/04/20/2016-macedonian-protests-protests-continue-against-president-gjorge-ivanov-in-skopje-macedonia-opposition-leader-zoran-zaev-said-he-will.md) _Context: 2016 Macedonian protests, Gjorge Ivanov_
8. [Macedonia declares a state of emergency and deploys police units on its borders as immigrants from the Middle East, mainly from Syria and Iraq, block the railway line between Thessaloniki and Skopje. ](/news/2015/08/20/macedonia-declares-a-state-of-emergency-and-deploys-police-units-on-its-borders-as-immigrants-from-the-middle-east-mainly-from-syria-and-ir.md) _Context: Macedonian, Skopje_
9. [2015 Macedonian protests: In the ongoing protests in Skopje, Republic of Macedonia, tens of thousands of people rally in support of Prime Minister Nikola Gruevski. ](/news/2015/05/18/2015-macedonian-protests-in-the-ongoing-protests-in-skopje-republic-of-macedonia-tens-of-thousands-of-people-rally-in-support-of-prime-mi.md) _Context: Macedonian, Skopje_
10. [ A large rally is held by tens of thousands of protestors in Skopje, Macedonia, as part of the ongoing protests against Prime Minister Nikola Gruevski. ](/news/2015/05/17/a-large-rally-is-held-by-tens-of-thousands-of-protestors-in-skopje-macedonia-as-part-of-the-ongoing-protests-against-prime-minister-nikol.md) _Context: Macedonian, Skopje_
