### [2016-04-18](/news/2016/04/18/index.md)

# Cuba-United States relations: Carnival Cruise Lines says it will postpone its first cruise in 50 years from the United States to Havana, if Cuba does not waive its rule and allow Cuban-Americans passengers. Current Cuban law does not allow those born on the island to return by sea. 

Carnival Cruise Lines announced Monday it will postpone its first cruise to Havana in 50 years if Cuba does not allow those born on the island to return by sea.


### Source:

1. [AP via CNBC](http://www.cnbc.com/2016/04/18/carnival-may-delay-cuba-cruise-over-discrimination-concerns.html)
2. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/US/2016/04/18/Carnival-wont-sail-to-Havana-if-Cuban-born-passengers-banned/2551460998258/?spt=rln&or=4)

### Related:

1. [United States-Cuban thaw: The first cruise ship in more than a half-century bound for Havana from the United States leaves Miami, Florida, at about 4:24 p.m. EDT. Carnival Cruise Line's 704-passenger Adonia was able to set sail for the northern Caribbean country after Cuba, April 22, loosened its policy banning Cuban-born people from traveling to the country by sea. ](/news/2016/05/1/united-states-cuban-thaw-the-first-cruise-ship-in-more-than-a-half-century-bound-for-havana-from-the-united-states-leaves-miami-florida.md) _Context: Carnival Cruise Line's, Cuba, Havana_
2. [Cuba-United States relations: The United States and Cuba sign an agreement restoring commercial air traffic between the two countries for the first time in 50 years. The U.S. Department of Transportation immediately opened bidding for as many as 110 U.S.-Cuba flights per day to Havana and nine other destinations. Travel from the U.S. is permitted in 12 authorized categories, which does not include tourism. ](/news/2016/02/16/cuba-united-states-relations-the-united-states-and-cuba-sign-an-agreement-restoring-commercial-air-traffic-between-the-two-countries-for.md) _Context: Cuba, Havana, United States_
3. [U.S. and Cuban officials sign an environmental accord in Havana, the first such agreement since the countries renewed diplomatic relations this summer. ](/news/2015/11/18/u-s-and-cuban-officials-sign-an-environmental-accord-in-havana-the-first-such-agreement-since-the-countries-renewed-diplomatic-relations-t.md) _Context: Cuba, Havana, United States_
4. [The United States and Cuba officially announce that embassies will be reopened in each other's countries for the first time since 1961. ](/news/2015/07/1/the-united-states-and-cuba-officially-announce-that-embassies-will-be-reopened-in-each-other-s-countries-for-the-first-time-since-1961.md) _Context: Cuba, Cuba-United States relations, United States_
5. [The United States and Cuba re-establish diplomatic relations after severing them 55 years ago. An American embassy will open in Havana and talks to lift the embargo will begin. ](/news/2014/12/17/the-united-states-and-cuba-re-establish-diplomatic-relations-after-severing-them-55-years-ago-an-american-embassy-will-open-in-havana-and-t.md) _Context: Cuba, Havana, United States_
6. [ Cuba-United States relations: The United States Coast Guard stages an exercise in Florida in preparation for a possible mass exodus from Cuba in the event of the death of Cuban leader Fidel Castro. During the drill 40 Cuban exiles reach the United States. ](/news/2007/03/9/cuba-united-states-relations-the-united-states-coast-guard-stages-an-exercise-in-florida-in-preparation-for-a-possible-mass-exodus-from-cu.md) _Context: Cuba, Cuba-United States relations, United States_
7. [For the first time in 25 years, the United States abstains in a United Nations vote calling for an end to its Cuban economic embargo. ](/news/2016/10/26/for-the-first-time-in-25-years-the-united-states-abstains-in-a-united-nations-vote-calling-for-an-end-to-its-cuban-economic-embargo.md) _Context: Cuba, United States_
8. [Cuba-United States relations: United States-Cuban Thaw: The first commercial flight from the United States to Cuba since 1961 takes place as "JetBlue Flight 387" lands in Santa Clara, Villa Clara province, after a 51-minute flight from Fort Lauderdale, Florida. "JetBlue Flight 387" had 150 passengers, including United States Secretary of Transportation Anthony Foxx. ](/news/2016/08/31/cuba-united-states-relations-united-states-cuban-thaw-the-first-commercial-flight-from-the-united-states-to-cuba-since-1961-takes-plac.md) _Context: Cuba, United States_
9. [Cuba-United States relations: The United States tentatively approves eight, of 12 that applied, airlines for flights from 10 U.S. cities to Havana as early as this fall: Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Delta Air Lines, Frontier Airlines, JetBlue Airways, Southwest Airlines, Spirit Airlines, and United Airlines. Last month, flights were approved from five U.S. cities to nine other international airports. ](/news/2016/07/7/cuba-united-states-relations-the-united-states-tentatively-approves-eight-of-12-that-applied-airlines-for-flights-from-10-u-s-cities-t.md) _Context: Havana, United States_
10. [Cuba-United States relations: The U.S. Department of Commerce approves service by six commercial airlines from five U.S. cities, including Miami and Philadelphia, to nine international airports in Cuba. Approval for routes to the capital Havana are still pending. Most of the carriers plan to begin their new service this fall and winter. ](/news/2016/06/10/cuba-united-states-relations-the-u-s-department-of-commerce-approves-service-by-six-commercial-airlines-from-five-u-s-cities-including.md) _Context: Cuba, Havana_
