### [2016-04-18](/news/2016/04/18/index.md)

# During a visit to Baghdad, U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter announces  that the United States will be sending more troops to the country to help in the fight against ISIL. The U.S. also plans to give Kurdish Peshmerga forces, which are fighting ISIL on the ground, more than $400m (PS280m; EUR350m) in assistance. 

The US is to send 200 extra troops to Iraq to help the fight against so-called Islamic State, officials say.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-36075452)

### Related:

1. [Kurdish Peshmerga forces backed by U.S. airstrikes seize control of Sinjar in northern Iraq. Sinjar has been under Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant occupation since August 2014. ](/news/2015/11/13/kurdish-peshmerga-forces-backed-by-u-s-airstrikes-seize-control-of-sinjar-in-northern-iraq-sinjar-has-been-under-islamic-state-of-iraq-and.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014–present), Iraqi Kurdistan, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Peshmerga, United States_
2. [A car bomb explodes in a Shi'ite neighbourhood in Baghdad, killing at least 48 people. ISIL claimed responsibility for the bombing. ](/news/2017/02/16/a-car-bomb-explodes-in-a-shi-ite-neighbourhood-in-baghdad-killing-at-least-48-people-isil-claimed-responsibility-for-the-bombing.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Civil War (2014–present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
3. [U.S. B-2 stealth bombers strike two ISIL camps, south of the city of Sirte, Libya, killing more than 80 militants, according to United States Secretary of Defense Ash Carter. ](/news/2017/01/19/u-s-b-2-stealth-bombers-strike-two-isil-camps-south-of-the-city-of-sirte-libya-killing-more-than-80-militants-according-to-united-state.md) _Context: Ash Carter, Secretary of Defense, United States_
4. [ISIL militants launch attacks on government buildings, police stations, and a power station in the city of Kirkuk, Iraqi Kurdistan, killing dozens of people. ](/news/2016/10/21/isil-militants-launch-attacks-on-government-buildings-police-stations-and-a-power-station-in-the-city-of-kirkuk-iraqi-kurdistan-killing.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014–present), Iraqi Kurdistan, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [According to the United States Department of Defense, ISIL fighters killed a Navy SEAL near Erbil. The sailor was assisting Kurdish Peshmerga forces in repelling an attack on the area. The SEAL was later identified as Arizona native Charles Keating IV, the son of Charles Keating III, and the grandson of the convicted noted late financier Charles Keating Jr., who was embroiled in the 1980s savings and loan scandal. ](/news/2016/05/3/according-to-the-united-states-department-of-defense-isil-fighters-killed-a-navy-seal-near-erbil-the-sailor-was-assisting-kurdish-peshmerg.md) _Context: Iraqi Kurdistan, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Peshmerga_
6. [Iraqi Army forces helped by U.S. airstrikes recapture the southwestern city of Ar-Rutbah from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant group. The victory will allow for the re-opening of the Baghdad-Amman highway. ](/news/2016/05/20/iraqi-army-forces-helped-by-u-s-airstrikes-recapture-the-southwestern-city-of-ar-rutbah-from-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-group.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Civil War (2014–present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [ At least 64 people are killed and 87 injured in a bomb attack on a market in Sadr City, Baghdad. Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIS) claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/05/11/at-least-64-people-are-killed-and-87-injured-in-a-bomb-attack-on-a-market-in-sadr-city-baghdad-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-isis.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Civil War (2014–present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [The Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) and the United States agree to carry out joint naval patrols to prevent Iranian arms shipments reaching Yemen, the Gulf bloc's secretary general Abdullatif bin Rashid Al Zayani said on Wednesday, following a meeting with United States Secretary of Defense Ash Carter. Iran denies it supplies weapons to the Houthis in Yemen. ](/news/2016/04/20/the-gulf-cooperation-council-gcc-and-the-united-states-agree-to-carry-out-joint-naval-patrols-to-prevent-iranian-arms-shipments-reaching-y.md) _Context: Ash Carter, Secretary of Defense, United States_
9. [A suicide bomber kills at least 60 people and wounds 70 others after ramming his explosives-laden truck into a security checkpoint at one of the entrances to the Iraqi city of Hillah, south of Baghdad. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/03/6/a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-60-people-and-wounds-70-others-after-ramming-his-explosives-laden-truck-into-a-security-checkpoint-at-one-of.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Civil War (2014–present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [At least 30 people are killed in a suicide attack on a football stadium south of Baghdad, Iraq. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for attack. ](/news/2016/03/25/at-least-30-people-are-killed-in-a-suicide-attack-on-a-football-stadium-south-of-baghdad-iraq-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-cla.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Civil War (2014–present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
