### [2016-04-18](/news/2016/04/18/index.md)

# Syrian rebels launch new offensives against government forces in the country's Latakia Governorate and Hama Governorate. Several rebel groups earlier announced they were launching a new battle against government forces in response to claimed violations of the cease-fire agreement, further putting a strain on the Syrian peace process. 

Rockets fired from northern Syria have killed four Syrians - three of them children - in the Turkish border town of Kilis, local officials say.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-36077052)
2. [Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty](http://www.rferl.org/content/syria-rebels-attack-government-positions/27681803.html)

### Related:

1. [Syrian government airstrikes, and rockets from Islamist insurgents, hit many neighborhoods in Aleppo. Fatalities are reported on both sides of the city. This continued fighting threatens the truce and peace talks being held in Geneva, Switzerland. UN envoy Staffan de Mistura says he will meet the government delegation Monday, and will sit down with the main opposition High Negotiations Committee later in the week. ](/news/2016/04/16/syrian-government-airstrikes-and-rockets-from-islamist-insurgents-hit-many-neighborhoods-in-aleppo-fatalities-are-reported-on-both-sides.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian opposition, Syrian peace process_
2. [ The delegation of the government of Syria rules out starting any direct talks with the opposition delegation as U.N. sponsored peace talks enter a third day in Geneva. ](/news/2016/03/16/the-delegation-of-the-government-of-syria-rules-out-starting-any-direct-talks-with-the-opposition-delegation-as-u-n-sponsored-peace-talks.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian opposition, Syrian peace process_
3. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian opposition_
4. [Peace talks in Astana, Kazakhstan, between the Syrian opposition and the Syrian Government, meant to build on a fragile ceasefire currently in effect in the Syrian Civil War, end with no breakthrough reported. ](/news/2017/01/23/peace-talks-in-astana-kazakhstan-between-the-syrian-opposition-and-the-syrian-government-meant-to-build-on-a-fragile-ceasefire-currently.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian opposition, Syrian peace process_
5. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says Syrian rebels have seized control of the al-Tanf border crossing on the Iraq-Syria border from ISIL militants. The rebel fighters who took the crossing reportedly entered Syria through Jordan. ](/news/2016/03/4/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-syrian-rebels-have-seized-control-of-the-al-tanf-border-crossing-on-the-iraqasyria-border-fro.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian opposition_
6. [Jaysh al-Nasr rebels say they have shot down a fighter jet over the Hama Governorate in western Syria. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights confirmed the shoot down, saying a rebel group had brought down the jet by firing two heat-seeking missiles. A pro-government source acknowledged that a MiG-21 warplane went down over Kafr Nabudah, but said it was due to "technical difficulties", denying it had been shot down.  ](/news/2016/03/12/jaysh-al-nasr-rebels-say-they-have-shot-down-a-fighter-jet-over-the-hama-governorate-in-western-syria-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-righ.md) _Context: Hama Governorate, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
7. [The Syrian Army takes control of the strategic Turkmen town of Rabia in Syria's Latakia Governorate. The town had been under rebel control since 2012. ](/news/2016/01/24/the-syrian-army-takes-control-of-the-strategic-turkmen-town-of-rabia-in-syria-s-latakia-governorate-the-town-had-been-under-rebel-control-s.md) _Context: Latakia Governorate, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian rebels fire volleys of mortar shells into Damascus,  killing three people and wounding at least 30. Government forces respond with airstrikes into rebel-controlled Douma, just northeast of the capital, and surface-to-surface missiles into Eastern Ghouta and Saqba, that  kill at least 35  people and injure many more, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights.  ](/news/2015/12/13/syrian-rebels-fire-volleys-of-mortar-shells-into-damascus-killing-three-people-and-wounding-at-least-30-government-forces-respond-with-ai.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian opposition_
9. [Syrian opposition politicians and rebels, attending a two-day meeting hosted by Saudi Arabia in Riyadh, agree on a framework that would guide proposed talks to end  Syria's nearly five-year conflict: a civil, democratic Syria with  a transitional government that would respect human rights and the territorial integrity of the country; and, safeguard state institutions while restructuring security forces. Ahrar ash-Sham, a Saudi-backed ultraconservative group, withdrew from the talks at the end of the meeting. ](/news/2015/12/10/syrian-opposition-politicians-and-rebels-attending-a-two-day-meeting-hosted-by-saudi-arabia-in-riyadh-agree-on-a-framework-that-would-guid.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian opposition_
10. [Turkish F-16 fighter jets shoot down a Russian Sukhoi Su-24 aircraft that had allegedly infringed its airspace near the Syrian border. Russia's Ministry of Defence denies the Su-24 entered Turkish airspace and initially said it was shot down by ground fire over Syria's Latakia Governorate. A video emerged of one pilot killed as local rebel Turkmen fighters shot at him while he was parachuting and a video of his body, while the fate of the other pilot is unknown but is presumed dead. A combat search and rescue mission by Russian forces failed to reach them. It is the first time a NATO member has shot down a Russian plane since the 1950s. ](/news/2015/11/24/turkish-f-16-fighter-jets-shoot-down-a-russian-sukhoi-su-24-aircraft-that-had-allegedly-infringed-its-airspace-near-the-syrian-border-russi.md) _Context: Latakia Governorate, Syria, Syrian opposition_
