### [2016-04-18](/news/2016/04/18/index.md)

# The meeting in Doha, Qatar, of the world's top oil producers, from both OPEC and non-OPEC countries, fails to agree on an output freeze. Oil analysts say  the failure was due to Iran's non-participation, and Saudi Arabia linking its cooperation  to Iran's inclusion. Oil prices drop in early Asian trading and on the New York Mercantile Exchange. 

As the Doha meeting looms it appears that the chances of a meaningful outcome are slim, and if there is no agreement whatsoever, then investors can expect a sharp selloff


### Source:

1. [Oilprice.com](http://oilprice.com/Energy/Energy-General/The-Complete-Overview-Of-The-Doha-Meeting.html)
2. [AFP via ''Bangkok Post](http://www.bangkokpost.com/news/world/937685/oil-prices-plunge-after-doha-output-talks-fail)
3. [CNBC](http://www.cnbc.com/2016/04/17/doha-oil-producers-meeting-ends-without-an-agreement.html)

### Related:

1. [ Ministers from natural gas exporting countries such as Russia, Kazakhstan and Iran meet in Doha, Qatar, prompting speculation that they might be looking at transforming the Gas Exporting Countries Forum into a cartel similar to OPEC. ](/news/2007/04/9/ministers-from-natural-gas-exporting-countries-such-as-russia-kazakhstan-and-iran-meet-in-doha-qatar-prompting-speculation-that-they-mig.md) _Context: Doha, Iran, OPEC, Qatar_
2. [Members of OPEC meet in Doha, Qatar, amid uncertainty in the markets and the outcome of the meeting. Since 2014, the price of oil has dropped dramatically. Analysts hope that an agreement to freeze output will reassure global energy markets that the recent recovery in prices is sustainable. ](/news/2016/04/17/members-of-opec-meet-in-doha-qatar-amid-uncertainty-in-the-markets-and-the-outcome-of-the-meeting-since-2014-the-price-of-oil-has-droppe.md) _Context: Doha, OPEC, Qatar_
3. [ Venezuelan President Hugo Chvez opens the 2007 OPEC meeting in Saudi Arabia, warning the United States against attacking Iran. ](/news/2007/11/18/venezuelan-president-hugo-chavez-opens-the-2007-opec-meeting-in-saudi-arabia-warning-the-united-states-against-attacking-iran.md) _Context: Iran, OPEC, Saudi Arabia_
4. [Saudi Arabia tells its partners in the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries that it will not attend a planned November 28 meeting in Vienna, out of unhappiness about intransigence from Iraq and Iran with regard to production cuts. ](/news/2016/11/25/saudi-arabia-tells-its-partners-in-the-organization-of-petroleum-exporting-countries-that-it-will-not-attend-a-planned-november-28-meeting-i.md) _Context: Iran, Saudi Arabia_
5. [The top cleric of Saudi Arabia says Iranians "are not Muslims." ](/news/2016/09/7/the-top-cleric-of-saudi-arabia-says-iranians-are-not-muslims.md) _Context: Iran, Saudi Arabia_
6. [United States  President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Iran, Saudi Arabia_
7. [The Saudi-owned news channel Al Arabiya shuts its offices in Beirut, Lebanon and dismisses 27 employees in a sudden move reflecting tensions between Saudi Arabia and Lebanon-based Hezbollah, which is backed by Iran. Saudi Arabia interpreted Lebanon's lack of public solidarity as a sign that it had become beholden to Hezbollah. ](/news/2016/04/2/the-saudi-owned-news-channel-al-arabiya-shuts-its-offices-in-beirut-lebanon-and-dismisses-27-employees-in-a-sudden-move-reflecting-tensions.md) _Context: Iran, Saudi Arabia_
8. [The Gulf Cooperation Council  formally designates Lebanon's Hezbollah militia a terrorist organization. The GCC  member states are Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates. ](/news/2016/03/2/the-gulf-cooperation-council-formally-designates-lebanon-s-hezbollah-militia-a-terrorist-organization-the-gcc-member-states-are-bahrain.md) _Context: Qatar, Saudi Arabia_
9. [Qatar and Kuwait join Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates in asking its citizens to leave or avoid travel to Lebanon. ](/news/2016/02/24/qatar-and-kuwait-join-saudi-arabia-bahrain-and-the-united-arab-emirates-in-asking-its-citizens-to-leave-or-avoid-travel-to-lebanon.md) _Context: Qatar, Saudi Arabia_
10. [The United Arab Emirates (UAE) bans its citizens from traveling to Lebanon, just hours after Saudi Arabia issued a warning to its citizens to leave Lebanon in retaliation for Lebanon choosing to side with Iran in the Iran-Saudi Arabia proxy conflict and Hezbollah's influence on the Lebanese government. ](/news/2016/02/23/the-united-arab-emirates-uae-bans-its-citizens-from-traveling-to-lebanon-just-hours-after-saudi-arabia-issued-a-warning-to-its-citizens-t.md) _Context: Iran, Saudi Arabia_
