### [2006-09-21](/news/2006/09/21/index.md)

#  A U.S. federal judge in San Francisco orders two ''San Francisco Chronicle'' reporters jailed for up to 18 months for refusing to reveal who leaked them secret grand jury testimony about steroids in baseball. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Boston Herald](http://news.bostonherald.com/national/view.bg?articleid=158804)

### Related:

1. [The perjury trial of U.S. baseball star Barry Bonds begins in federal court in San Francisco, California. ](/news/2011/03/21/the-perjury-trial-of-u-s-baseball-star-barry-bonds-begins-in-federal-court-in-san-francisco-california.md) _Context: San Francisco, baseball game_
2. [ The Federal Bureau of Investigation will review a denial by baseball star Roger Clemens that he ever used steroids or human growth hormone. ](/news/2008/02/28/the-federal-bureau-of-investigation-will-review-a-denial-by-baseball-star-roger-clemens-that-he-ever-used-steroids-or-human-growth-hormone.md) _Context: anabolic steroid, baseball game_
3. [ Major League Baseball player Barry Bonds is indicted by a federal grand jury in San Francisco for perjury and obstruction of justice, having allegedly lied under oath about his use of steroids. ](/news/2007/11/15/major-league-baseball-player-barry-bonds-is-indicted-by-a-federal-grand-jury-in-san-francisco-for-perjury-and-obstruction-of-justice-havin.md) _Context: anabolic steroid, grand jury_
4. [ Greg Anderson, personal trainer to U.S. professional baseball player Barry Bonds, is ordered to go to prison for the third time for contempt of a grand jury for refusing to testify against Bonds regarding alleged perjury in connection to an earlier steroids investigation. ](/news/2006/11/17/greg-anderson-personal-trainer-to-u-s-professional-baseball-player-barry-bonds-is-ordered-to-go-to-prison-for-the-third-time-for-contemp.md) _Context: baseball game, grand jury_
5. [Four people, including the gunman, are dead, and six injured, after a man opens fire at people in a UPS building in the Potrero Hill neighborhood of San Francisco, California. ](/news/2017/06/14/four-people-including-the-gunman-are-dead-and-six-injured-after-a-man-opens-fire-at-people-in-a-ups-building-in-the-potrero-hill-neighbo.md) _Context: San Francisco_
6. [American Airlines announces it is investigating a viral video of an incident on a San Francisco to Dallas flight which shows a male flight attendant upsetting a female passenger, who he had allegedly forcefully taken a baby buggy from, and threatening to fight a male passenger. The American Airlines employee has been suspended. ](/news/2017/04/22/american-airlines-announces-it-is-investigating-a-viral-video-of-an-incident-on-a-san-francisco-to-dallas-flight-which-shows-a-male-flight-a.md) _Context: San Francisco_
7. [Uber suspends tests of its self-driving cars in San Francisco, California, after the California Department of Motor Vehicles revoked the registration of the vehicles in the state in response to two red-light violations. ](/news/2016/12/21/uber-suspends-tests-of-its-self-driving-cars-in-san-francisco-california-after-the-california-department-of-motor-vehicles-revoked-the-reg.md) _Context: San Francisco_
8. [U.S. District Judge Charles R. Breyer in San Francisco approves German automaker Volkswagen $14.7 billion settlement with federal and California regulators and the owners of the 475,000 polluting diesel vehicles over diesel emissions cheating scandal. Volkswagen still faces billions of dollars more in fines and litigation. ](/news/2016/10/25/u-s-district-judge-charles-r-breyer-in-san-francisco-approves-german-automaker-volkswagen-14-7-billion-settlement-with-federal-and-califo.md) _Context: San Francisco_
9. [The father of  Cal State Long Beach student Nohemi Gonzalez, the only American killed in the November 13, 2015, Paris massacre, files suit in San Francisco, California, federal court against Twitter, Facebook, and Google, alleging the companies provided "material support" to the Islamic State and other extremist groups. While  generally free of liability under U.S. law  which  provides a legal ''safe harbor'' for content posted, this case targets  the behavior social media companies enable. The suit is very similar to a case brought against Twitter in January by the widow of a contractor killed in the November 9, 2015, attack in Jordan. ](/news/2016/06/15/the-father-of-cal-state-long-beach-student-nohemi-gonzalez-the-only-american-killed-in-the-november-13-2015-paris-massacre-files-suit-i.md) _Context: San Francisco_
10. [San Francisco Police Department Chief Greg Suhr resigns from his position several hours after a black woman is shot by police in San Francisco. ](/news/2016/05/19/san-francisco-police-department-chief-greg-suhr-resigns-from-his-position-several-hours-after-a-black-woman-is-shot-by-police-in-san-francis.md) _Context: San Francisco_
