### [2006-09-21](/news/2006/09/21/index.md)

#  United States Senate Republicans and the Bush administration announce an agreement on interrogation methods and the trial of suspects in the War on Terror. 




### Source:

1. [CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/stories/2006/09/21/terror/main2030685.shtml)
1. [Cover Image](http://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/2006/09/22/d46a0fb6-a642-11e2-a3f0-029118418759/image2032219x.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ U.S. Congressman Rob Portman (R-Ohio) was nominated by President George W. Bush to be the United States Trade Representative, replacing Robert Zoellick. Portman is subject to Senate confirmation. (Reuters) [http://edition.cnn.com/2005/BUSINESS/03/17/us.trade.rep.reut/]](/news/2005/03/17/u-s-congressman-rob-portman-r-ohio-was-nominated-by-president-george-w-bush-to-be-the-united-states-trade-representative-replacing-rob.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Republican, United States Senate_
2. [ Senator John Kerry concedes to President George W. Bush "The outcome should be decided by voters, not a protracted legal process", Kerry said. "I would not give up if there was a chance we could prevail." [http://reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6703896 (Reuters)] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/3980533.stm (BBC)] Republican President George W. Bush wins the popular vote, receiving 3.58 million more votes than Democratic Senator John Kerry. (51.6% to 48.4%, 59.0 million to 55.4 million) Claiming victory in the swing state of Ohio, Bush will probably have more than the 270 votes needed when the U.S. Electoral College meets on December 13. [http://www.cnn.com/ELECTION/2004/ (CNN)] The Republican Party widens its majority in the Senate and House of Representatives. Democratic Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle concedes defeat to Republican challenger John Thune, thus becoming the first Senate leader in 52 years to lose a re-election bid and leaving the leadership of the Democratic Party in the Senate open. [http://www.cnn.com/2004/ALLPOLITICS/11/02/senate.main/index.html (CNN)] The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) reports that on November 2, touch-screen electronic voting machines in at least six U.S. states had incorrectly recorded their choices, including for the presidential election. Incorrectly recorded votes make up roughly 20 percent of the e-voting problems. [http://www.eff.org/news/archives/2004_11.php#002062 (EFF)] Same-sex marriage in the United States: Gay rights activists suffer a severe setback when state constitutional amendments prohibiting same-sex marriage are passed in eleven states: Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, Michigan, Mississippi, Montana, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, Oregon, and Utah. The measures in Oregon, Mississippi, and Montana ban same-sex marriage only, while Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, and Utah ban both same-sex marriage and civil unions and Michigan bans granting any benefits whatsoever to same-sex couples. ](/news/2004/11/3/senator-john-kerry-concedes-to-president-george-w-bush-the-outcome-should-be-decided-by-voters-not-a-protracted-legal-process-kerry-sa.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Republican, United States Senate_
3. [ U.S. presidential election: George W. Bush accepts the Republican nomination for a second term in office as the party's National Convention concludes, signaling the beginning of all-out campaigning by Bush and Senator John Kerry.](/news/2004/09/2/u-s-presidential-election-george-w-bush-accepts-the-republican-nomination-for-a-second-term-in-office-as-the-party-s-national-convention.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Republican, United States Senate_
4. [U.S. Senator Bob Bennett, Republican from Utah, is ousted from his party's primary ballot at the state's Republican convention, meaning he will not have a chance for a fourth term. ](/news/2010/05/8/u-s-senator-bob-bennett-republican-from-utah-is-ousted-from-his-party-s-primary-ballot-at-the-state-s-republican-convention-meaning-he-w.md) _Context: Republican, United States Senate_
5. [ The United States Senate votes to extend the powers of intelligence agents to eavesdrop on suspected terrorists in a victory for President of the United States George W. Bush. ](/news/2007/08/3/the-united-states-senate-votes-to-extend-the-powers-of-intelligence-agents-to-eavesdrop-on-suspected-terrorists-in-a-victory-for-president.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States Senate_
6. [ The President of the United States George W. Bush orders senior adviser Karl Rove not to testify before a United States Senate committee on the Dismissal of U.S. attorneys controversy. ](/news/2007/08/1/the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-orders-senior-adviser-karl-rove-not-to-testify-before-a-united-states-senate-committee-on.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States Senate_
7. [ The United States Senate votes to ease funding restrictions on stem-cell research but President Bush threatens to veto the bill. ](/news/2007/04/11/the-united-states-senate-votes-to-ease-funding-restrictions-on-stem-cell-research-but-president-bush-threatens-to-veto-the-bill.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States Senate_
8. [ The U.S. House of Representatives narrowly passes a US$2.9 trillion budget blueprint which results in a surplus after five years but relies heavily on the expiration of the Bush tax cuts to do so. The U.S. Senate passed a similar budget blueprint last week with negotiations to ensue.](/news/2007/03/29/the-u-s-house-of-representatives-narrowly-passes-a-us-2-9-trillion-budget-blueprint-which-results-in-a-surplus-after-five-years-but-relies.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States Senate_
9. [ The United States Senate votes 52-47 to approve a budget plan that aims to achieve a balanced budget within five years and aims to find offsets for tax cuts passed in President Bush's first term. ](/news/2007/03/23/the-united-states-senate-votes-52-47-to-approve-a-budget-plan-that-aims-to-achieve-a-balanced-budget-within-five-years-and-aims-to-find-off.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States Senate_
10. [ Democratic Party members of the United States Senate are planning a challenge to the authority given to President Bush in 2002. ](/news/2007/02/23/democratic-party-members-of-the-united-states-senate-are-planning-a-challenge-to-the-authority-given-to-president-bush-in-2002.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States Senate_
