### [2017-08-9](/news/2017/08/9/index.md)

# Hurricane Franklin, the Atlantic Ocean's first hurricane of the season, is set to hit Mexico's Gulf state of Veracruz tonight or tomorrow morning. The category 1 storm is expected to lose strength as it moves inland through the oil-producing state. 




### Source:

1. [National Hurricane Center](http://www.nhc.noaa.gov/refresh/graphics_at2+shtml/235211.shtml?gm_track#contents)
2. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/us-storm-franklin-nhc-mexico-idINKBN1AP1EB)
2. [Cover Image](https://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20170809&t=2&i=1196470649&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXMPED7821V)

### Related:

1. [Mexican marines kill 4 gunmen who tried to steal the body of Angel Enrique Uscanga, a drug boss, in Gulf coast state of Veracruz. ](/news/2012/12/30/mexican-marines-kill-4-gunmen-who-tried-to-steal-the-body-of-angel-enrique-uscanga-a-drug-boss-in-gulf-coast-state-of-veracruz.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico, Mexico, Veracruz_
2. [The U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration says warm ocean waters could fuel an above-normal Atlantic hurricane season. The forecast calls for 11 to 17 named storms with five to nine hurricanes, warmer-than-average waters across the tropical Atlantic Ocean and Caribbean Sea, and a weak or nonexistent El Nino. ](/news/2017/05/25/the-u-s-national-oceanic-and-atmospheric-administration-says-warm-ocean-waters-could-fuel-an-above-normal-atlantic-hurricane-season-the-fo.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Atlantic Ocean_
3. [ Police report 14 suspected criminals, who attacked a police patrol, are killed in a gunbattle with police and Mexican Marines in Veracruz, Mexico. An unknown number fled. ](/news/2016/12/5/police-report-14-suspected-criminals-who-attacked-a-police-patrol-are-killed-in-a-gunbattle-with-police-and-mexican-marines-in-veracruz.md) _Context: Mexico, Veracruz_
4. [Mexican authorities find the bodies of two priests who were kidnapped yesterday in Poza Rica, Veracruz. Authorities find the third abducted person, the driver, alive. ](/news/2016/09/19/mexican-authorities-find-the-bodies-of-two-priests-who-were-kidnapped-yesterday-in-poza-rica-veracruz-authorities-find-the-third-abducted.md) _Context: Mexico, Veracruz_
5. [At least 40 people are killed by landslides from floods created from Earl's heavy rainfall in the eastern Mexican states of Puebla and Veracruz. The tropical depression dissipated early today. ](/news/2016/08/8/at-least-40-people-are-killed-by-landslides-from-floods-created-from-earl-s-heavy-rainfall-in-the-eastern-mexican-states-of-puebla-and-verac.md) _Context: Mexico, Veracruz_
6. [State oil company Petroleos Mexicanos reports the death toll has risen to 28 from Wednesday's explosion at Petroquimica Mexicana de Vinilo's Clorados 3 petrochemical plant in the Gulf port city of Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz. Some workers are still missing while 18 others remain hospitalized. Officials say the explosion came from an unspecified leak. The plant produces the hazardous industrial chemical vinyl chloride. ](/news/2016/04/22/state-oil-company-petroleos-mexicanos-reports-the-death-toll-has-risen-to-28-from-wednesday-s-explosion-at-petroquimica-mexicana-de-vinilo-s.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico, Veracruz_
7. [At least 24 people are killed, 136 others injured, and eight workers still missing from yesterday's blast at the major Clorados 3 petrochemical plant of Petroquimica Mexicana de Vinilo. Nineteen people remain hospitalized, with 13 in serious condition. The plant is run by Mexichem under agreement with Petroleos Mexicanos (Pemex), the national petrochemical company, in Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz, Mexico, on the country's southern Gulf of Mexico coast. Pemex had an earlier fire at the same facility in February 2016 that killed one worker; also that month, an offshore Pemex Gulf platform fire killed two and injured eight. ](/news/2016/04/21/at-least-24-people-are-killed-136-others-injured-and-eight-workers-still-missing-from-yesterday-s-blast-at-the-major-clorados-3-petrochemi.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico, Mexico_
8. [The Obama administration announces it is cancelling plans to permit drilling for oil and gas off the southeastern U.S. Atlantic coast. A new plan involves 10 potential lease sales in the Gulf of Mexico and three off the coast of Alaska. ](/news/2016/03/15/the-obama-administration-announces-it-is-cancelling-plans-to-permit-drilling-for-oil-and-gas-off-the-southeastern-u-s-atlantic-coast-a-new.md) _Context: Atlantic Ocean, Gulf of Mexico_
9. [Twenty people are killed after a bus carrying amateur football players and fans plunges into a river in Veracruz, eastern Mexico. ](/news/2016/01/10/twenty-people-are-killed-after-a-bus-carrying-amateur-football-players-and-fans-plunges-into-a-river-in-veracruz-eastern-mexico.md) _Context: Mexico, Veracruz_
10. [Flames engulf a Mexican state-run Pemex oil platform in the Gulf of Mexico, killing four workers. ](/news/2015/04/1/flames-engulf-a-mexican-state-run-pemex-oil-platform-in-the-gulf-of-mexico-killing-four-workers.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico, Mexico_
