### [2017-08-9](/news/2017/08/9/index.md)

# Unarmed Russian Air Force reconnaissance jets, under the authority provided by international Open Skies Treaty, fly over several Washington, D.C., area government buildings and landmarks as well as the President's residence in Bedminster, New Jersey. 

The flight was allowed under the Open Skies Treaty


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/unarmed-russian-air-force-jet-flies-pentagon-capitol/story?id=49123605)
2. [CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/russia-flies-military-observation-plane-over-capitol-pentagon-cia/)

### Related:

1. [Two unarmed Russian Air Force Sukhoi Su-24 jets flew simulated attacks on United States Navy destroyer "USS Donald Cook" in the Baltic Sea on Tuesday, according to a U.S. official, who described it as one of the most aggressive interactions in recent memory. A Russian Kamov Ka-27 naval helicopter also made seven passes around the "USS Donald Cook", taking pictures of the warship. ](/news/2016/04/13/two-unarmed-russian-air-force-sukhoi-su-24-jets-flew-simulated-attacks-on-united-states-navy-destroyer-uss-donald-cook-in-the-baltic-sea-o.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations, Russian Air Force_
2. [Special counsel Robert Mueller has impaneled a grand jury in Washington, D.C. to investigate allegations of Russia's interference in the 2016 elections. ](/news/2017/08/3/special-counsel-robert-mueller-has-impaneled-a-grand-jury-in-washington-d-c-to-investigate-allegations-of-russiaas-interference-in-the-2.md) _Context: U.S. capital_
3. [A grand jury in the U.S. capital has issued indictments for 19 people, including 15 identified as Turkish security officials, for attacking protesters in May 2017. ](/news/2017/08/29/a-grand-jury-in-the-u-s-capital-has-issued-indictments-for-19-people-including-15-identified-as-turkish-security-officials-for-attacking.md) _Context: U.S. capital_
4. [President of the United States Donald Trump signs the Countering America's Adversaries Through Sanctions Act. Prime Minister of Russia Dmitry Medvedev calls it a "trade war". ](/news/2017/08/2/president-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-signs-the-countering-americaas-adversaries-through-sanctions-act-prime-minister-of-russia-dmi.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations_
5. [U.S. President Donald Trump says he and Russian President Vladimir Putin "discussed forming an impenetrable cyber security unit so that election hacking, and many other negative things, will be guarded and safe." Trump later says he does not think this will happen. ](/news/2017/07/9/u-s-president-donald-trump-says-he-and-russian-president-vladimir-putin-discussed-forming-an-impenetrable-cyber-security-unit-so-that-elec.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations_
6. [Russian President Vladimir Putin expels 755 U.S. diplomats in response to new sanctions imposed by the United States. ](/news/2017/07/30/russian-president-vladimir-putin-expels-755-u-s-diplomats-in-response-to-new-sanctions-imposed-by-the-united-states.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations_
7. [Russian Ambassador to the United States Sergey Kislyak, who was cited in "Washington Post" reports yesterday that American intelligence overheard him telling Moscow about his election-related discussions with a Trump campaign official, ends his nine-year assignment and leaves the United States. In May 2017, Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Anatoly Antonov was approved as the next ambassador. ](/news/2017/07/22/russian-ambassador-to-the-united-states-sergey-kislyak-who-was-cited-in-washington-post-reports-yesterday-that-american-intelligence-over.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations_
8. [SpaceX CEO Elon Musk says he has received federal government approval for The Boring Company to build an underground 760mph Hyperloop that will connect New York City and Washington, D.C.. ](/news/2017/07/20/spacex-ceo-elon-musk-says-he-has-received-federal-government-approval-for-the-boring-company-to-build-an-underground-760mph-hyperloop-that-w.md) _Context: U.S. capital_
9. [Six teenagers, four males and two females, from a Burundi robotics team are reported missing after competing in the FIRST Global Robotics Competition in Washington, D.C. A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year old girl reportedly crossed the United States border into Canada. There is no indication of foul play. ](/news/2017/07/20/six-teenagers-four-males-and-two-females-from-a-burundi-robotics-team-are-reported-missing-after-competing-in-the-first-global-robotics-co.md) _Context: U.S. capital_
10. [A Russian SU-27 fighter jet intercepts an American B-52 strategic bomber that was flying over international waters of the Baltic Sea parallel to the Russian border, and escorts the B-52 until it flew away from the border area. The United States military confirmed that the US Air Force B-52 was operating in international airspace, but had no further comment about the incident. ](/news/2017/06/6/a-russian-su-27-fighter-jet-intercepts-an-american-b-52-strategic-bomber-that-was-flying-over-international-waters-of-the-baltic-sea-paralle.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations_
