### [2007-10-6](/news/2007/10/6/index.md)

#  Pervez Musharraf wins the Pakistani Presidential Election in unofficial results. The announcement of the official result will be withheld until a Supreme Court verdict is made on the legality of his candidacy. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7031070.stm)

### Related:

1. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency: The Supreme Court of Pakistan orders the Election Commission to declare Pervez Musharraf the winner in the 2007 Pakistani presidential election. ](/news/2007/11/23/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-p-the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-orders-the-election-commission-to-declare-pervez-musharraf-the-winner-in.md) _Context: 2007 Pakistani presidential election, Pervez Musharraf, Supreme Court_
2. [Former President Pervez Musharraf travels to Dubai for medical treatment of his back and leg, before moving on to either the U.S. or U.K. for additional treatment, spokesperson Aasia Ishaque said. Musharraf, 72, will return to Pakistan to face all pending legal cases. Earlier this week, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's government implemented the Supreme Court ruling, and lifted the 2013 ban that barred  Musharraf from international trips. ](/news/2016/03/18/former-president-pervez-musharraf-travels-to-dubai-for-medical-treatment-of-his-back-and-leg-before-moving-on-to-either-the-u-s-or-u-k-fo.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf, Supreme Court_
3. [ The travel ban for former Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf is lifted by the Supreme Court of Pakistan. Musharraf is currently facing treason charges in Pakistan. ](/news/2016/03/16/the-travel-ban-for-former-pakistani-president-pervez-musharraf-is-lifted-by-the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-musharraf-is-currently-facing-tr.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf, Supreme Court_
4. [Pakistan's former leader Pervez Musharraf is directed to appear before the country's Supreme Court on allegations of treason. ](/news/2013/04/8/pakistan-s-former-leader-pervez-musharraf-is-directed-to-appear-before-the-country-s-supreme-court-on-allegations-of-treason.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf, Supreme Court_
5. [ Pakistan reinstates Supreme Court judges ousted by former President Pervez Musharraf. ](/news/2008/09/5/pakistan-reinstates-supreme-court-judges-ousted-by-former-president-pervez-musharraf.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf, Supreme Court_
6. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency: Pervez Musharraf is sworn in as the President of Pakistan for a second term, this time as a civilian. [http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2007/11/29/2105577.htm (ABC News Australia)]  President George W. Bush welcomes Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf, urges him to lift emergency rule.{{Fact|date=December 2007}} Musharraf announces the 2007 Pakistani state of emergency will be lifted on 2007-12-16. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7119416.stm (BBC)] Restrictions on Pakistani TV channels are challenged in the Supreme Court of Pakistan.{{Fact|date=December 2007}} ](/news/2007/11/29/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-p-pervez-musharraf-is-sworn-in-as-the-president-of-pakistan-for-a-second-term-this-time-as-a-civilian.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf, Supreme Court_
7. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency: Pakistani Attorney General Malik Qayyum announces the Supreme Court of Pakistan has dismissed five of the six petitions against President Pervez Musharraf's re-election. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7101302.stm (BBC)] At least 80 people die and 100 are wounded in sectarian violence in Kurram Agency. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7101533.stm (BBC)] Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf rejects United States Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte's demand to lift the state of emergency.{{Fact|date=December 2007}}](/news/2007/11/19/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-p-pakistani-attorney-general-malik-qayyum-announces-the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-has-dismissed-five-of-t.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf, Supreme Court_
8. [ President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf files nomination for the upcoming Pakistan Presidential Election to be held on October 6, 2007 election without his army rank. ](/news/2007/09/27/president-of-pakistan-pervez-musharraf-files-nomination-for-the-upcoming-pakistan-presidential-election-to-be-held-on-october-6-2007-elect.md) _Context: 2007 Pakistani presidential election, Pervez Musharraf_
9. [ The Supreme Court of Pakistan hears petitions as to whether Pervez Musharraf should remain as head of the Pakistani Army while serving as the President of Pakistan. ](/news/2007/09/17/the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-hears-petitions-as-to-whether-pervez-musharraf-should-remain-as-head-of-the-pakistani-army-while-serving-as-t.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf, Supreme Court_
10. [ The Supreme Court of Pakistan frees Javed Hashmi, the leader of the Alliance for the Restoration of Democracy and Pakistan Muslim League faction leader, who was jailed in 2003 for writing a letter critical of the President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf. ](/news/2007/08/3/the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-frees-javed-hashmi-the-leader-of-the-alliance-for-the-restoration-of-democracy-and-pakistan-muslim-league-fa.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf, Supreme Court_
