### [2010-03-16](/news/2010/03/16/index.md)

# A man who used to teach at a Roman Catholic religious order's schools in Spain is arrested in Chile on suspicion of sexually abusing children. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2010/WORLD/europe/03/16/spain.chile.sexual.abuse/?hpt=T2)

### Related:

1. [ 2003 occupation of Iraq: U.S. concessions to proposals from Russia, the China and Pakistan ensure their support for a United Nations Security Council resolution to provide greater international legitimacy to the occupation force and the Iraq Interim Governing Council. The resolution draft, legitimizing US military and political control over Iraq's political future, was already supported by United Kingdom, Spain, Cameroon, Bulgaria, Angola, Mexico, Chile and Guinea. Russia agrees to act as a mediator to achieve support for the compromise also from Germany and France.](/news/2003/10/15/2003-occupation-of-iraq-u-s-concessions-to-proposals-from-russia-the-china-and-pakistan-ensure-their-support-for-a-united-nations-securi.md) _Context: Chile, Spain_
2. [Spain plans to sue leading members of the Catalan Parliament over the proposed independence referendum in Catalonia. ](/news/2017/09/7/spain-plans-to-sue-leading-members-of-the-catalan-parliament-over-the-proposed-independence-referendum-in-catalonia.md) _Context: Spain_
3. [The President of Catalonia vows to continue on with the vote despite objections from Spain. ](/news/2017/09/28/the-president-of-catalonia-vows-to-continue-on-with-the-vote-despite-objections-from-spain.md) _Context: Spain_
4. [Spanish police raid Catalan government offices and arrest Catalan officials as part of the effort to halt a banned referendum on independence. Catalan President Carles Puigdemont says, "The Spanish state has by all rights intervened in Catalonia's government and has established emergency rule." ](/news/2017/09/20/spanish-police-raid-catalan-government-offices-and-arrest-catalan-officials-as-part-of-the-effort-to-halt-a-banned-referendum-on-independenc.md) _Context: Spain_
5. [Spain's Guardia Civil raid private delivery offices in the Catalan city of Terrassa, searching for and confiscating envelopes suspected of containing voting cards for the upcoming Catalan independence referendum. ](/news/2017/09/19/spain-s-guardia-civil-raid-private-delivery-offices-in-the-catalan-city-of-terrassa-searching-for-and-confiscating-envelopes-suspected-of-c.md) _Context: Spain_
6. [More than 700 Catalan mayors meet in Barcelona with Catalan President Carles Puigdemont to confirm their support for the October 1 independence referendum. Earlier this week, Spanish prosecutors warned that officials participating in this vote could be criminally charged. ](/news/2017/09/16/more-than-700-catalan-mayors-meet-in-barcelona-with-catalan-president-carles-puigdemont-to-confirm-their-support-for-the-october-1-independe.md) _Context: Spain_
7. [Chilean President Michelle Bachelet sends a bill to Congress for the legalization of same-sex marriage in Chile and adoption by same-sex couples, two years after recognizing civil unions for both same-gender and different-gender couples. ](/news/2017/08/28/chilean-president-michelle-bachelet-sends-a-bill-to-congress-for-the-legalization-of-same-sex-marriage-in-chile-and-adoption-by-same-sex-cou.md) _Context: Chile_
8. [Approximately fifty migrants are feared drowned off the coast of Morocco. Three men were rescued near Alboran Island near the coast of Spain. ](/news/2017/07/4/approximately-fifty-migrants-are-feared-drowned-off-the-coast-of-morocco-three-men-were-rescued-near-alboran-island-near-the-coast-of-spain.md) _Context: Spain_
9. [A fire forces the evacuation of more than 22,000 concertgoers at the Tomorrowland music festival at the Parc de Can Zam in Barcelona, Spain. There were no serious injuries. This is the first time the festival has been held in Spain; Belgium had been the home since 2005. ](/news/2017/07/29/a-fire-forces-the-evacuation-of-more-than-22-000-concertgoers-at-the-tomorrowland-music-festival-at-the-parc-de-can-zam-in-barcelona-spain.md) _Context: Spain_
10. [The remains of surrealist painter Salvador Dali are exhumed following a Madrid court order on settling the paternity claim of a woman who is allegedly the painter's natural daughter. Various experts contest the claim, noting Dali's sexual eccentrism (including a public boast about his "impotency") and that the action being against the state (Dali bequeathed his estate to Spain). If proven, this woman could assume part of Dali's estate. ](/news/2017/07/21/the-remains-of-surrealist-painter-salvador-dala-are-exhumed-following-a-madrid-court-order-on-settling-the-paternity-claim-of-a-woman-who-i.md) _Context: Spain_
