### [2015-10-12](/news/2015/10/12/index.md)

# Iranian State television reports that court spokesman Gholam-Hossein Mohseni-Eje'i clarified the Iranian-American reporter's verdict  -- ''Washington Post's'' Jason Rezaian was convicted in a closed-door espionage trial that ended two months ago. Details remain unknown. Rezaian faced four charges; it's not clear whether he was convicted of all charges nor what sentence was imposed.  Leila Ahsan, Rezaian's lawyer, also had not received the verdict as of Sunday. Post executive editor Martin Baron says they will appeal. 

Rezaian was arrested in Tehran with his wife in July 2014 and was tried by a Revolutionary Court on espionage and other charges.


### Source:

1. [Payvand.com](http://www.payvand.com/news/15/oct/1054.html)
2. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/middle_east/iranian-tv-says-post-correspondent-jason-rezaian-convicted/2015/10/12/b1652690-ee9e-11e4-8abc-d6aa3bad79dd_story.html)

### Related:

1. [Iranian Judiciary spokesman Gholamhossein Mohseni Ejei says an Iranian court sentenced ''Washington Post'' reporter Jason Rezaian to a prison term, length unspecified, for espionage. Mohseni Eje said, "I cannot give details." Post foreign editor Douglas Jehl said this might move the case closer to a final resolution in the judiciary, so it can then go to Iranian leaders who can make things right. ](/news/2015/11/22/iranian-judiciary-spokesman-gholamhossein-mohseni-ejei-says-an-iranian-court-sentenced-washington-post-reporter-jason-rezaian-to-a-priso.md) _Context: Gholam-Hossein Mohseni-Eje'i, Jason Rezaian, Washington Post, espionage_
2. [Iran releases four Iranian-American prisoners including ''Washington Post'' reporter Jason Rezaian and Christian pastor Saeed Abedini. The United States is to release seven Iranian-Americans held in the United States for violating sanctions against Iran. ](/news/2016/01/16/iran-releases-four-iranian-american-prisoners-including-washington-post-reporter-jason-rezaian-and-christian-pastor-saeed-abedini-the-u.md) _Context: Iranian-American, Jason Rezaian, Washington Post_
3. [Iranian Students News Agency reports an undisclosed verdict has been reached in the espionage case of ''Washington Post'' reporter Jason Rezaian, who has been held by Iran for more than 14 months. The final  closed door hearing on Rezaian's case  was on August 10, 2015. By not disclosing details, the Post stated that it seems Tehran could be working a political angle. Last month at the UN, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani told journalists he would welcome quicker steps on mutual prisoner releases. ](/news/2015/10/11/iranian-students-news-agency-reports-an-undisclosed-verdict-has-been-reached-in-the-espionage-case-of-washington-post-reporter-jason-rez.md) _Context: Jason Rezaian, Washington Post_
4. [ Iranian-American journalist Roxana Saberi is charged with espionage and imprisoned in Iran until 2017. ](/news/2009/04/18/iranian-american-journalist-roxana-saberi-is-charged-with-espionage-and-imprisoned-in-iran-until-2017.md) _Context: Iranian-American, espionage_
5. [Iran confirms it has executed nuclear scientist Shahram Amiri by hanging for treason. Iranian judiciary spokesman Gholam-Hossein Mohseni-Eje'i says Amiri was charged with spying for enemies of the Islamic Republic of Iran and that U.S. officials had been unaware that Iran was monitoring Amiri's efforts for the West. His body was returned to his family with rope marks around his neck. ](/news/2016/08/7/iran-confirms-it-has-executed-nuclear-scientist-shahram-amiri-by-hanging-for-treason-iranian-judiciary-spokesman-gholam-hossein-mohseni-eje.md) _Context: Gholam-Hossein Mohseni-Eje'i_
6. [Alleged Russian hackers have penetrated the computer network of the Democratic National Committee (DNC) and have gained access to the entire database of research on Republican Party  presidential candidate Donald Trump, according to committee officials and security experts. The DNC says that no financial, donor or personal information appears to have been accessed or taken, suggesting that the breach was traditional espionage, and not the work of criminal hackers. ](/news/2016/06/14/alleged-russian-hackers-have-penetrated-the-computer-network-of-the-democratic-national-committee-dnc-and-have-gained-access-to-the-entire.md) _Context: espionage_
7. [Israeli agent Jonathan Pollard, a former U.S. intelligence analyst convicted and sentenced to a life imprisonment for providing top secret classified information to Israel, will be released by the Obama Administration on parole tomorrow after serving 30 years in a U.S. federal prison. He will be given an ankle monitor while he completes five years of parole in America. ](/news/2015/11/19/israeli-agent-jonathan-pollard-a-former-u-s-intelligence-analyst-convicted-and-sentenced-to-a-life-imprisonment-for-providing-top-secret-c.md) _Context: espionage_
8. [The European Union narrowly votes (285-281) to recommend that its 28 member nations drop criminal charges against Edward Snowden and protect him from U.S. extradition and to recognize him as a defender of human rights because of his revelations regarding U.S. and British spying. ](/news/2015/10/29/the-european-union-narrowly-votes-285a281-to-recommend-that-its-28-member-nations-drop-criminal-charges-against-edward-snowden-and-prote.md) _Context: espionage_
9. [A court in Russia sentences Estonian security official Eston Kohver to 15 years in prison for espionage. ](/news/2015/08/19/a-court-in-russia-sentences-estonian-security-official-eston-kohver-to-15-years-in-prison-for-espionage.md) _Context: espionage_
10. [Associated Press reports that there has been a massive hack from the American Office of Personnel Management and US Department of the Interior with the ''Washington Post'' claiming that Chinese hackers were responsible. The records of at least four million US Government workers are believed to have been compromised. ](/news/2015/06/4/associated-press-reports-that-there-has-been-a-massive-hack-from-the-american-office-of-personnel-management-and-us-department-of-the-interi.md) _Context: Washington Post_
