### [2015-10-12](/news/2015/10/12/index.md)

# London police end their three-year long, round-the-clock guard outside the Ecuadorian Embassy   waiting to arrest WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. Officers have been stationed at this embassy since June 2012.  Police said the operation cost 11.1 million pounds (17.6 million dollars) through April 2015. Assange is wanted for jumping bail in England and sexual assault allegations in Sweden. Assange denies the Swedish charges and suspects the real reason is to bring him to the U.S. 

Police officers who have been stationed outside London&#x27;s Ecuadorian Embassy to arrest WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange were withdrawn on Monday.


### Source:

1. [AP via Newser](http://www.newser.com/article/b5f47d7e04fd4f5fa75169aec647b58d/uk-police-remove-officers-from-outside-ecuadorean-embassy-where-julian-assange-is-holed-up.html)
2. [London Metropolitan Police](http://news.met.police.uk/news/covert-plan-at-ecuadorian-embassy-strengthened-after-removing-dedicated-guards-132799)
3. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/police-guarding-julian-assange-londons-ecuadorian-embassy-are-withdrawn-n442801)

### Related:

1. [Advocates of free speech march through the streets of Sydney in support of WikiLeaks spokesperson Julian Assange, who is in England battling attempts by Sweden to have him extradited. Greens MP David Shoebridge addresses the crowd and calls for support from the Australian government. ](/news/2011/01/15/advocates-of-free-speech-march-through-the-streets-of-sydney-in-support-of-wikileaks-spokesperson-julian-assange-who-is-in-england-battling.md) _Context: England, Julian Assange, Sweden, WikiLeaks_
2. [Wikileaks head Julian Assange says he has deals for his autobiography worth more than PS1 million and needs the money to defend himself against allegations of sexual assault on two women in Sweden. ](/news/2010/12/26/wikileaks-head-julian-assange-says-he-has-deals-for-his-autobiography-worth-more-than-aps1-million-and-needs-the-money-to-defend-himself-agai.md) _Context: Julian Assange, Sweden, WikiLeaks, sexual assault_
3. [Interpol issues an arrest warrant for Julian Assange, the founder of WikiLeaks, to face sexual assault charges in Sweden. ](/news/2010/11/30/interpol-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-julian-assange-the-founder-of-wikileaks-to-face-sexual-assault-charges-in-sweden.md) _Context: Julian Assange, Sweden, WikiLeaks, sexual assault_
4. [''Assange v Swedish Prosecution Authority''Swedish prosecutors drop a seven-year sexual assault investigation into WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. ](/news/2017/05/19/assange-v-swedish-prosecution-authority-pswedish-prosecutors-drop-a-seven-year-sexual-assault-investigation-into-wikileaks-founder-julian.md) _Context: Julian Assange, Sweden, WikiLeaks_
5. [Swedish prosecutors drop some charges against Wikileaks founder Julian Assange as the statute of limitations expire but will continue to investigate rape claims. ](/news/2015/08/13/swedish-prosecutors-drop-some-charges-against-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-as-the-statute-of-limitations-expire-but-will-continue-to-inv.md) _Context: Julian Assange, Sweden, WikiLeaks_
6. [Wikileaks founder Julian Assange, who is wanted for questioning in Sweden, says that he will leave his refuge in the Ecuadorean embassy in London "soon". ](/news/2014/08/18/wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-who-is-wanted-for-questioning-in-sweden-says-that-he-will-leave-his-refuge-in-the-ecuadorean-embassy-in-l.md) _Context: Julian Assange, Sweden, WikiLeaks_
7. [Julian Assange issues a statement to supporters from a balcony of London's Ecuadorean embassy, in which he refers to the U.S. Pentagon's recent description of the existence of WikiLeaks as an "ongoing crime" and suggests it is the intention of WikiLeaks to release a million more documents in 2013. ](/news/2012/12/20/julian-assange-issues-a-statement-to-supporters-from-a-balcony-of-london-s-ecuadorean-embassy-in-which-he-refers-to-the-u-s-pentagon-s-rec.md) _Context: Ecuadorian Embassy, Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
8. [In the stand-off between Britain and Ecuador over Julian Assange, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange gives a speech critical of the United States' policy against Wikileaks, "dragging us all in a dark, repressive world in which journalists live under fear of prosecution", from the balcony of Ecuador's London embassy. ](/news/2012/08/19/in-the-stand-off-between-britain-and-ecuador-over-julian-assange-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-gives-a-speech-critical-of-the-united-sta.md) _Context: Julian Assange, U.S., WikiLeaks_
9. [Wikileaks editor-in-chief Julian Assange takes refuge in Ecuador's embassy in London to avoid extradition to Sweden on charges of sexual misconduct. ](/news/2012/06/19/wikileaks-editor-in-chief-julian-assange-takes-refuge-in-ecuador-s-embassy-in-london-to-avoid-extradition-to-sweden-on-charges-of-sexual-mis.md) _Context: Julian Assange, Sweden, WikiLeaks_
10. [The UK Supreme Court dismisses a bid by WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange to reopen his appeal against extradition to Sweden over alleged sex crimes. ](/news/2012/06/14/the-uk-supreme-court-dismisses-a-bid-by-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-to-reopen-his-appeal-against-extradition-to-sweden-over-alleged-sex.md) _Context: Julian Assange, Sweden, WikiLeaks_
