### [2004-07-17](/news/2004/07/17/index.md)

#  The Prime Minister of the Palestinian Authority, Ahmed Qurei, submits his resignation during chaos in the Gaza Strip as gunmen kidnapped several people, including the chief of police of the Gaza Strip, demanding reform of the Palestinian security force. Yasser Arafat refuses to accept the resignation. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&u=/nm/20040717/ts_nm/mideast_dc_27)

### Related:

1. [ Palestinian Yasser Arafat dismisses Israel's threat to kill him. American representatives, and other world leaders, criticize Israel's prime minister for the suggestion. [http://www.arabnews.com/?page=4&section=0&article=42503&d=4&m=4&y=2004 (ArabNews)] Prime Minister Ariel Sharon conflicts with right-wing ministers over a plan to unilaterally disengage from the Gaza Strip. Housing and Construction Minister, Effie Eitam, and Tourism Minister, Benny Elon, demand that the plan receive cabinet approval. [http://fr.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1081052087090 (Jerusalem Post)] A year-long European Parliament investigation into how the Palestinian Authority spents money given to it by the European Union fails to find evidence linking its funds with terrorist activity. The findings, leaked before they were made public, are under attack, with one member of the probe calling it a "partial" whitewash. [http://fr.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1080979165731 (Jerusalem Post)] Millwall FC beat Sunderland A.F.C. 1-0 at Old Trafford to make it to the 2004 FA Cup Final after Tim Cahill scores the winning goal.](/news/2004/04/4/palestinian-yasser-arafat-dismisses-israel-s-threat-to-kill-him-american-representatives-and-other-world-leaders-criticize-israel-s-prim.md) _Context: Gaza, Palestinian Authority, Prime Minister, Yasser Arafat_
2. [ Yasser Arafat, President of the Palestinian Authority, seeking to quiet unrest in the Gaza Strip reinstates Abdel-Razek al-Majaideh, demoting his cousin Moussa Arafat who was appointed just three days ago. ](/news/2004/07/19/yasser-arafat-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-seeking-to-quiet-unrest-in-the-gaza-strip-reinstates-abdel-razek-al-majaideh-demoti.md) _Context: Gaza, Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat_
3. [ Middle East: Facing renewed threats from Israel, Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, declares a state of emergency in Palestinian areas and installs a new government by decree. Ahmed Qurei is appointed prime minister and head of the eight-member emergency cabinet.](/news/2003/10/6/middle-east-facing-renewed-threats-from-israel-palestinian-leader-yasser-arafat-declares-a-state-of-emergency-in-palestinian-areas-and-i.md) _Context: Ahmed Qurei, Prime Minister, Yasser Arafat_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Four people die in a bomb attack on a convoy of US diplomatic vehicles in the Gaza Strip. Palestinian Authority head Yasser Arafat calls the bombing "dirty and shameful" in an exclusive interview on BBC News. Secretary of State Colin Powell urges Prime Minister Ahmed Qurei in a telephone call ""to take action to put an end to violence and terrorism"," according to a Palestinian official.](/news/2003/10/15/israeli-palestinian-conflict-four-people-die-in-a-bomb-attack-on-a-convoy-of-us-diplomatic-vehicles-in-the-gaza-strip-palestinian-authori.md) _Context: Ahmed Qurei, Gaza, Yasser Arafat_
5. [ Road map for peace: Ahmed Qurei, who was nominated as Palestinian prime minister by the head of the Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat, accepts the position (pending the approval of the parliament). He had originally said there was no reason to form a new government unless "Israel wants to change its hostile attitude."](/news/2003/09/8/road-map-for-peace-ahmed-qurei-who-was-nominated-as-palestinian-prime-minister-by-the-head-of-the-palestinian-authority-yasser-arafat-a.md) _Context: Ahmed Qurei, Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat_
6. [Israel suspends peace talks with the Palestinian Authority following an announcement of a unity agreement between the ruling Palestinian faction Fatah and the militant Hamas rulers of Gaza. ](/news/2014/04/24/israel-suspends-peace-talks-with-the-palestinian-authority-following-an-announcement-of-a-unity-agreement-between-the-ruling-palestinian-fac.md) _Context: Gaza, Palestinian Authority_
7. [ Thousands of Fatah supporters gather in Gaza to mark the third anniversary of Yasser Arafat's death. Hamas security forces kill seven people and wound several. ](/news/2007/11/12/thousands-of-fatah-supporters-gather-in-gaza-to-mark-the-third-anniversary-of-yasser-arafat-s-death-hamas-security-forces-kill-seven-peopl.md) _Context: Gaza, Yasser Arafat_
8. [ Due to increasing rocket attacks aimed at Israeli civilians, The Government of Israel declares the Palestinian-controlled Gaza Strip an "enemy entity", and announces plans to cut utilities to the territory. ](/news/2007/09/19/due-to-increasing-rocket-attacks-aimed-at-israeli-civilians-the-government-of-israel-declares-the-palestinian-controlled-gaza-strip-an-en.md) _Context: Gaza, Palestinian Authority_
9. [ Hamas claims full control of Palestinian Authority security agencies on the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2007/06/14/hamas-claims-full-control-of-palestinian-authority-security-agencies-on-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Gaza, Palestinian Authority_
10. [ The BBC issues a plea for information on the whereabouts of its Gaza correspondent, Alan Johnston, who has been missing for three days and is believed by Palestinian security officials to have been kidnapped. ](/news/2007/03/15/the-bbc-issues-a-plea-for-information-on-the-whereabouts-of-its-gaza-correspondent-alan-johnston-who-has-been-missing-for-three-days-and.md) _Context: Gaza, Palestinian Authority_
