### [2013-03-12](/news/2013/03/12/index.md)

# Armenian presidential election runner-up Raffi Hovannisian goes on hunger strike after three weeks of mass rallies against the election results. 

Former Armenian presidential candidate Raffi Hovannisian began a hunger strike on Sunday calling on President Serzh Sarksyan to resign, accusing him of rigging his re-election last month.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/03/10/us-armenia-election-idUSBRE9290EV20130310)
2. [Radio Free Europe](http://www.rferl.org/content/armenia-hovannisian-hunger-strike/24924903.html)

### Related:

1. [Official partial returns from the Armenian presidential election indicate that incumbent President Serzh Sargsyan will be reelected in a landslide with the leading Opposition candidate Raffi Hovannisian raising concerns about irregularities. ](/news/2013/02/19/official-partial-returns-from-the-armenian-presidential-election-indicate-that-incumbent-president-serzh-sargsyan-will-be-reelected-in-a-lan.md) _Context: Armenia, Raffi Hovannisian, presidential election_
2. [The Constitutional Court of Armenia upholds the reelection of President Serzh Sargsyan in the recent presidential election. ](/news/2013/03/14/the-constitutional-court-of-armenia-upholds-the-reelection-of-president-serzh-sargsyan-in-the-recent-presidential-election.md) _Context: Armenia, presidential election_
3. [Voters in Armenia go to the polls for a presidential election with incumbent President Serzh Sargsyan expected to win. Independent observers including the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe have expressed concern about the conduct of the elections. ](/news/2013/02/18/voters-in-armenia-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-with-incumbent-president-serzh-sargsyan-expected-to-win-independent-observers.md) _Context: Armenia, presidential election_
4. [Armenian politician Paruyr Hayrikyan is shot in his right clavicle and taken to a hospital in Yerevan, Armenia, during his bid for the presidency. ](/news/2013/01/31/armenian-politician-paruyr-hayrikyan-is-shot-in-his-right-clavicle-and-taken-to-a-hospital-in-yerevan-armenia-during-his-bid-for-the-presi.md) _Context: Armenia, presidential election_
5. [Authorities declare that the Republican Party, led by President Serzh Sargsyan, wins the Armenia election amid accusations by opposition parties and the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe of voting irregularities. ](/news/2017/04/3/authorities-declare-that-the-republican-party-led-by-president-serzh-sargsyan-wins-the-armenia-election-amid-accusations-by-opposition-par.md) _Context: Armenia_
6. [Voters in Armenia go to the polls for an election, the first since constitutional changes were approved in a referendum in 2015, which changed the country's governance from a semi-presidential system to a parliamentary republic. Opinion polls predict a tight race between the nationalist Republican Party, led by President Serzh Sargsyan, and the centre-right Prosperous Armenia, led by Gagik Tsarukyan. With votes from 64% of the polling stations counted, the Republican Party leads with 49.7% of votes. ](/news/2017/04/2/voters-in-armenia-go-to-the-polls-for-an-election-the-first-since-constitutional-changes-were-approved-in-a-referendum-in-2015-which-chang.md) _Context: Armenia_
7. [Hundreds of Palestinian prisoners in Israeli jails -- activists say up to 1,500 are participating -- begin an open-ended hunger strike to protest poor conditions and the Israeli policy of detention without trial. ](/news/2017/04/17/hundreds-of-palestinian-prisoners-in-israeli-jails-a-activists-say-up-to-1-500-are-participating-a-begin-an-open-ended-hunger-strike-to.md) _Context: hunger strike_
8. [Armenia and the European Union agree on a new pact to boost ties between the two. It is expected to be signed later this year. This comes after Armenia rejected an Association Agreement in 2013. ](/news/2017/02/27/armenia-and-the-european-union-agree-on-a-new-pact-to-boost-ties-between-the-two-it-is-expected-to-be-signed-later-this-year-this-comes-af.md) _Context: Armenia_
9. [In a referendum held yesterday in the breakaway state of Nagorno-Karabakh (a region long claimed by both Azerbaijan and Armenia), 87.6% of voters approve changing the country's governance system from semi-presidential to full presidential, therefore abolishing the position of prime minister. ](/news/2017/02/21/in-a-referendum-held-yesterday-in-the-breakaway-state-of-nagorno-karabakh-a-region-long-claimed-by-both-azerbaijan-and-armenia-87-6-of-v.md) _Context: Armenia_
10. [Hovik Abrahamyan resigns as Prime Minister of Armenia citing civil unrest and a sharp economic downturn. ](/news/2016/09/8/hovik-abrahamyan-resigns-as-prime-minister-of-armenia-citing-civil-unrest-and-a-sharp-economic-downturn.md) _Context: Armenia_
