### [2013-03-12](/news/2013/03/12/index.md)

# Four teenagers die after their car skidded on an icy patch and went through a bridge guardrail into Forked Creek near Wilmington, Illinois, United States. 

The mayor of a rural community in northern Illinois says residents are still coming to terms with the deaths of four high school students whose car


### Source:

1. [AP via ''Peoria Journal Star](http://www.pjstar.com/free/x1037521403/4-teens-die-when-car-plunges-into-northern-Illinois-creek)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.pjstar.com/storyimage/IP/20130312/NEWS/303129861/AR/0/AR-303129861.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Voters in the U.S. states of Florida, Illinois, Ohio, Missouri, North Carolina and the commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands head to the polls for Republican and Democratic Party primaries that the media has dubbed "Super Tuesday 2". ](/news/2016/03/15/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-florida-illinois-ohio-missouri-north-carolina-and-the-commonwealth-of-the-northern-mariana-islands-head-to.md) _Context: Illinois, United States_
2. [Health authorities in the United States say that 53 people in nine states have been sickened in a salmonella outbreak. California is the worst affected state with 31 cases with the other states with cases include Arizona, Illinois, Mississippi, New Mexico, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin. ](/news/2015/05/21/health-authorities-in-the-united-states-say-that-53-people-in-nine-states-have-been-sickened-in-a-salmonella-outbreak-california-is-the-wor.md) _Context: Illinois, United States_
3. [In Illinois, United States, 2-year-old Korean-Canadian Hannah Warren, who was born without a trachea, becomes the youngest patient to receive a bioengineered organ made from stem cells. ](/news/2013/04/30/in-illinois-united-states-2-year-old-korean-canadian-hannah-warren-who-was-born-without-a-trachea-becomes-the-youngest-patient-to-receiv.md) _Context: Illinois, United States_
4. [Seven people are shot and wounded at a nightclub in Chicago, Illinois, United States. ](/news/2013/03/21/seven-people-are-shot-and-wounded-at-a-nightclub-in-chicago-illinois-united-states.md) _Context: Illinois, United States_
5. [Tornadoes touch down in midwestern and southern United States, including Washington County, Arkansas; Greater St. Louis, Sunset Hills, Missouri, Illinois and Oklahoma, with a few tornadoes in the early hours of January 1, 2011. A total 36 tornadoes touched down, resulting in the deaths of 9 people.](/news/2010/12/31/tornadoes-touch-down-in-midwestern-and-southern-united-states-including-washington-county-arkansas-greater-st-louis-sunset-hills-misso.md) _Context: Illinois, United States_
6. [A heavy blizzard in the midwestern US states of Minnesota, Wisconsin, Iowa, Illinois and Michigan dropping about three feet of snow results in two deaths, road closures, flight cancellations and the inflatable roof of the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome in Minneapolis, Minnesota, collapsing. ](/news/2010/12/12/a-heavy-blizzard-in-the-midwestern-us-states-of-minnesota-wisconsin-iowa-illinois-and-michigan-dropping-about-three-feet-of-snow-results.md) _Context: Illinois, United States_
7. [ A gunman kills one person and injures two others at a Baptist church in Maryville, Illinois, United States. ](/news/2009/03/8/a-gunman-kills-one-person-and-injures-two-others-at-a-baptist-church-in-maryville-illinois-united-states.md) _Context: Illinois, United States_
8. [ Democratic Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich is arrested by Federal Bureau of Investigation agents at his Chicago home, amidst allegations of corruption and pay-to-play regarding the replacement for United States President-elect Barack Obama in the Senate. ](/news/2008/12/9/democratic-illinois-governor-rod-blagojevich-is-arrested-by-federal-bureau-of-investigation-agents-at-his-chicago-home-amidst-allegations.md) _Context: Illinois, United States_
9. [ Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich appoints former Democratic Illinois Attorney General Roland Burris to President-elect Barack Obama's vacated United States Senate seat. Democratic Senate leaders and Secretary of State Jesse White say they will not accept the appointment. ](/news/2008/12/30/illinois-governor-rod-blagojevich-appoints-former-democratic-illinois-attorney-general-roland-burris-to-president-elect-barack-obama-s-vaca.md) _Context: Illinois, United States_
10. [ United States voters go to the polls in the North Carolina and Indiana Democratic Party primaries. Illinois Senator Barack Obama wins North Carolina by 14 per cent while New York Senator Hillary Clinton narrowly wins in Indiana. ](/news/2008/05/6/united-states-voters-go-to-the-polls-in-the-north-carolina-and-indiana-democratic-party-primaries-illinois-senator-barack-obama-wins-north.md) _Context: Illinois, United States_
