### [2013-03-12](/news/2013/03/12/index.md)

# In chess, Ukraine wins 2013 Women's World Team Chess Championship ahead of China and Russia in Astana, Kazakhstan. 

The Ukrainian team of Anna Ushenina, Kateryna Lagno, Mariya Muzychuk, Inna Gaponenko and Natalia Zhukova won gold at the 2013 Women&#039;s World Team Championships in Kazakhstan after drawing their final match...


### Source:

1. [Chess News](http://www.chess.com/news/ukraine-are-womens-world-team-champs-5223)
2. [ChessBase](http://www.chessbase.com/Home/TabId/211/PostId/4009140/astana-r9-gold-for-ukraine-china-silver-120313.aspx)

### Related:

1. [The second day of peace negotiations in Astana, Kazakhstan, end with the sponsors of the talks, Russia, Turkey and Iran, agreeing to set up commission between the three to monitor and enforce the fragile ceasefire to the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2017/01/24/the-second-day-of-peace-negotiations-in-astana-kazakhstan-end-with-the-sponsors-of-the-talks-russia-turkey-and-iran-agreeing-to-set-up.md) _Context: Astana, Kazakhstan, Russia_
2. [Ten Olympic weightlifters fail a drug test in a reanalysis of samples from the 2012 Summer Olympics. Among them are four Kazakh gold medalists: Ilya Ilyin, Zulfiya Chinshanlo, Svetlana Podobedova and Maiya Maneza. The other athletes represent Azerbaijan, Belarus, Russia, and  Ukraine. All ten lifters are provisionally suspended by the International Weightlifting Federation and are expected to be stripped of their titles. ](/news/2016/06/16/ten-olympic-weightlifters-fail-a-drug-test-in-a-reanalysis-of-samples-from-the-2012-summer-olympics-among-them-are-four-kazakh-gold-medalis.md) _Context: Kazakhstan, Russia, Ukrainian_
3. [Ukrainian chess player Anna Ushenina wins the Women's World Chess Championship 2012 in Khanty-Mansiysk, Russia, by defeating Antoaneta Stefanova from Bulgaria on rapid tie-breaks. ](/news/2012/12/1/ukrainian-chess-player-anna-ushenina-wins-the-women-s-world-chess-championship-2012-in-khanty-mansiysk-russia-by-defeating-antoaneta-stefa.md) _Context: Russia, Ukrainian, chess_
4. [ A total solar eclipse is visible from northern Canada (Nunavut), Greenland, central Russia, eastern Kazakhstan, western Mongolia and China. ](/news/2008/08/1/a-total-solar-eclipse-is-visible-from-northern-canada-nunavut-greenland-central-russia-eastern-kazakhstan-western-mongolia-and-china.md) _Context: China, Kazakhstan, Russia_
5. [Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states-calli.md) _Context: China, Russia_
6. [At the Munich Security Conference, a truce between Russian-backed separatists and the Ukrainian army, per the Minsk Protocol, takes effect Monday. Pending a permanent political agreement, Russian President Vladimir Putin orders that   civil registration documents issued in separatist-held areas of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine be temporarily recognized.  Ukrainian authorities say this violates provisions in the Minsk agreement. This is the third such agreement because the previous two in 2014 and 2015 were violated. Low-level fighting and artillery fire never fully stopped. ](/news/2017/02/18/at-the-munich-security-conference-a-truce-between-russian-backed-separatists-and-the-ukrainian-army-per-the-minsk-protocol-takes-effect-m.md) _Context: Russia, Ukrainian_
7. [Peace talks in Astana, Kazakhstan, between the Syrian opposition and the Syrian Government, meant to build on a fragile ceasefire currently in effect in the Syrian Civil War, end with no breakthrough reported. ](/news/2017/01/23/peace-talks-in-astana-kazakhstan-between-the-syrian-opposition-and-the-syrian-government-meant-to-build-on-a-fragile-ceasefire-currently.md) _Context: Astana, Kazakhstan_
8. [Ukraine sues Russia at the International Court of Justice, accusing the latter of being engaged in acts of "terrorism" and "discrimination" in eastern Ukraine and Crimea. ](/news/2017/01/16/ukraine-sues-russia-at-the-international-court-of-justice-accusing-the-latter-of-being-engaged-in-acts-of-terrorism-and-discrimination.md) _Context: Russia, Ukrainian_
9. [The Syrian Opposition agree to attend peace talks with the Syrian government in Astana, Kazakhstan, in order to press for a ceasefire to the conflict. ](/news/2017/01/16/the-syrian-opposition-agree-to-attend-peace-talks-with-the-syrian-government-in-astana-kazakhstan-in-order-to-press-for-a-ceasefire-to-the.md) _Context: Astana, Kazakhstan_
10. [The European Union  extends its main Ukraine-related economic  sanctions against Russia for six months until mid-2017. ](/news/2016/12/15/the-european-union-extends-its-main-ukraine-related-economic-sanctions-against-russia-for-six-months-until-mid-2017.md) _Context: Russia, Ukrainian_
