### [2013-03-12](/news/2013/03/12/index.md)

# Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. A Palestinian protestor is killed by Israeli forces after hurling stones and incendiary bottles in the West Bank. 

Israeli troops shot to death a Palestinian man on Tuesday after he and others hurled rocks and firebombs at them in the West Bank, the military said.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-21768293)
2. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2013/03/12/israeli-troops-shoot-to-death-palestinian-protester-in-west-bank-clashes/)

### Related:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. A Palestinian, Naji Balbisi, dies from injuries he suffered during a clashes with Israeli forces in the West Bank city of Tulkarem, a day after his cousin, Amer al-Najjar, died in the clashes after they tried to firebomb a checkpoint. ](/news/2013/04/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-palestinian-naji-balbisi-dies-from-injuries-he-suffered-during-a-clashes-with-israeli-forces-in-the-wes.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian, West Bank_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. Israel presses on with the construction of thousands of new homes in West Bank and East Jerusalem, despite worldwide criticism and suggestions that officials in Palestine may go to the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2012/12/19/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-presses-on-with-the-construction-of-thousands-of-new-homes-in-west-bank-and-east-jerusalem-despite.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian, West Bank_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. Ahmad Sabah, a Palestinian with a Gaza ID card, claims the new Israeli military order on deportations is behind his release to Gaza instead of the West Bank where he lived before his detainment in 2001. ](/news/2010/04/22/israeli-palestinian-conflict-ahmad-sabah-a-palestinian-with-a-gaza-id-card-claims-the-new-israeli-military-order-on-deportations-is-be.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian, West Bank_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Indonesian President Joko -Jokowi- Widodo calls on Muslim leaders at the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation (OIC) summit meeting in Jakarta to unite and be part of the solution on Palestine, noting the entire world is concerned about its deteriorating situation. Jokowi also criticizes what he calls Israel's "unilateral and illegal policies." ](/news/2016/03/7/israeli-palestinian-conflict-indonesian-president-joko-jokowi-widodo-calls-on-muslim-leaders-at-the-organisation-of-islamic-coopera.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation- with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaz.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Palestinian militants fire 3 rockets into Israel during the night after several violent riots throughout Israel and the West Bank. ](/news/2015/10/10/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-militants-fire-3-rockets-into-israel-during-the-night-after-several-violent-riots-throughout-isr.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. The bodies of three kidnapped Israeli teenagers, including one with dual American citizenship, are found partially buried near Hebron on the West Bank. Shin Bet determined they were murdered shortly after being kidnapped, and is searching for two Hamas kidnappers and accomplices.](/news/2014/06/30/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-bodies-of-three-kidnapped-israeli-teenagers-including-one-with-dual-american-citizenship-are-found-par.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. Israeli forces kill a Palestinian and wound four others in three separate incidents of cross-border violence in the Gaza Strip ](/news/2013/12/20/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-forces-kill-a-palestinian-and-wound-four-others-in-three-separate-incidents-of-cross-border-violenc.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. After having rocks hurled at them, Israeli troops respond and shoot dead a Palestinian man in the West Bank. ](/news/2013/10/31/israeli-palestinian-conflict-after-having-rocks-hurled-at-them-israeli-troops-respond-and-shoot-dead-a-palestinian-man-in-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The Committee on the Rights of the Child accuses Israeli soldiers of torturing Palestinian children and using them as human shields. ](/news/2013/06/20/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-committee-on-the-rights-of-the-child-accuses-israeli-soldiers-of-torturing-palestinian-children-and-usin.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
