### [2013-03-12](/news/2013/03/12/index.md)

# The US Secret Service launches an investigation after hackers post what they claim is personal data and credit information of celebrities, including First Lady Michelle Obama, online. 

The US Secret Service has launched an investigation after hackers posted what they said was personal data and credit information of celebrities, including First Lady Michelle Obama, online.


### Source:

1. [SAPA via News24](http://www.news24.com/news24/Technology/News/Hackers-post-Michelle-Obama-data-20130312)

### Related:

1. [First Lady of the United States Michelle Obama begins a six-day visit to southern Africa with her daughters; they are granted an audience with Nelson Mandela. ](/news/2011/06/21/first-lady-of-the-united-states-michelle-obama-begins-a-six-day-visit-to-southern-africa-with-her-daughters-they-are-granted-an-audience-wi.md) _Context: First Lady, Michelle Obama_
2. [The First Lady of the United States, Michelle Obama, makes an unannounced visit to Haiti. It is her first official trip overseas without US President Barack Obama since he took office last year. ](/news/2010/04/13/the-first-lady-of-the-united-states-michelle-obama-makes-an-unannounced-visit-to-haiti-it-is-her-first-official-trip-overseas-without-us.md) _Context: First Lady, Michelle Obama_
3. [United States presidential election, 2016: Alleged Russian hackers have penetrated the computer network of the Democratic National Committee (DNC) and have gained access to the entire database of research on Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump, according to committee officials and security experts. The DNC says that no financial, donor or personal information appears to have been accessed or taken, suggesting that the breach was traditional espionage, and not the work of criminal hackers. ](/news/2016/06/14/united-states-presidential-election-2016-alleged-russian-hackers-have-penetrated-the-computer-network-of-the-democratic-national-committee.md) _Context: hackers_
4. [Bangladesh Bank money laundering case: Bangladeshi bank officials say unknown hackers installed malware in the bank's computer systems in last month's attempt to steal nearly $1 billion from the central bank's account at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. ](/news/2016/03/11/bangladesh-bank-money-laundering-case-bangladeshi-bank-officials-say-unknown-hackers-installed-malware-in-the-bank-s-computer-systems-in-la.md) _Context: hackers_
5. [DotGovs, a hacker group that released data on almost 10,000 Department of Homeland Security employees yesterday, publish contact information for 20,000 FBI employees. ](/news/2016/02/8/dotgovs-a-hacker-group-that-released-data-on-almost-10-000-department-of-homeland-security-employees-yesterday-publish-contact-information.md) _Context: hackers_
6. [ The University of California, Berkeley alerts 80,000 people of a cyber-attack on a system that stores Social Security and bank account numbers. There is no evidence the hacker(s) took any personal information. ](/news/2016/02/26/the-university-of-california-berkeley-alerts-80-000-people-of-a-cyber-attack-on-a-system-that-stores-social-security-and-bank-account-numb.md) _Context: hackers_
7. ["Smart Sheriff", the most widely used child surveillance mobile app in South Korea, is pulled from the market after specialists raised serious concerns about the program's safety. Security experts say its programming left the door wide open to hackers and put the personal information of some 380,000 users at risk. The country's April 2015 law requires all new smartphones sold to those 18 and under have software parents can use to monitor their kids' social media activity. ](/news/2015/11/1/smart-sheriff-the-most-widely-used-child-surveillance-mobile-app-in-south-korea-is-pulled-from-the-market-after-specialists-raised-serio.md) _Context: hackers_
8. [Wikileaks releases U.S. Central Intelligence Agency director John O. Brennan's personal information after the top spy's personal email account was allegedly hacked by a 13-year-old and information sent to Wikileaks. All of the documents predate Brennan's time in the Obama administration and reveal no classified data. Among the information released are Social Security numbers, an incomplete questionnaire for security clearance, and addresses of his family and associates. ](/news/2015/10/21/wikileaks-releases-u-s-central-intelligence-agency-director-john-o-brennan-s-personal-information-after-the-top-spy-s-personal-email-accou.md) _Context: hackers_
9. [Hackers steal the personal information of about 15 million T-Mobile US customers and applicants. The breach is at a unit of the credit agency Experian. ](/news/2015/10/2/hackers-steal-the-personal-information-of-about-15-million-t-mobile-us-customers-and-applicants-the-breach-is-at-a-unit-of-the-credit-agenc.md) _Context: hackers_
10. [Pope Francis%27 visit to the United States: Pope Francis arrives in the U.S. from his last stop in Cuba, Santiago de Cuba, at Joint Base Andrews (formerly, Andrews Air Force Base), near Washington D.C., to start his first tour of the United States. He is received by U.S. President Barack Obama, his wife, U.S. First Lady Michelle Obama, Malia and Sasha Obama, Marian Lois Robinson, U.S. Vice President Joseph R. Biden, his wife, U.S. Second Lady Dr. Jill Biden, two Biden granddaughters, the Apostolic Nuncio to the U.S. Archbishop Carlo Maria Vigano, military and base leaders, and Washington's Cardinal Donald Wuerl. He will be received tomorrow morning in a second arrival ceremony, at the White House, and will meet with the President there. ](/news/2015/09/22/pope-francis-27-visit-to-the-united-states-pope-francis-arrives-in-the-u-s-from-his-last-stop-in-cuba-santiago-de-cuba-at-joint-base-and.md) _Context: Michelle Obama_
