### [2013-03-12](/news/2013/03/12/index.md)

# The "mysterious life form" detecting last week in Lake Vostok, Antarctica, turns out to be a false positive resulting from contamination. 

Last week, Russian scientists announced the discovery of a new type of bacterial life found in the water samples collected from the ancient Lake Vostok, but on 11 March the lab confirmed that it was not the bacteria but the contamination that generated the signal.


### Source:

1. [Science World Report](http://www.scienceworldreport.com/articles/5500/20130312/new-bacteria-lake-vostok-actually-contamination-reports.htm)

### Related:

1. [Russian scientists announce they have found a wholly new type of bacteria in the mysterious subglacial Lake Vostok in Antarctica. ](/news/2013/03/8/russian-scientists-announce-they-have-found-a-wholly-new-type-of-bacteria-in-the-mysterious-subglacial-lake-vostok-in-antarctica.md) _Context: Antarctica, Lake Vostok_
2. [A giant iceberg covering approximately 6000|km2|sqmi breaks away from the Larsen C Ice Shelf in Antarctica. ](/news/2017/07/12/a-giant-iceberg-covering-approximately-6000-km2-sqmi-breaks-away-from-the-larsen-c-ice-shelf-in-antarctica.md) _Context: Antarctica_
3. [Fifteen young children die  of "severe sepsis/toxicity" from contaminated  vaccine during South Sudan's measles vaccination campaign.  In one instance, a syringe containing vaccine stored without refrigeration was used for all the children over four days. ](/news/2017/06/2/fifteen-young-children-die-of-severe-sepsis-toxicity-from-contaminated-vaccine-during-south-sudan-s-measles-vaccination-campaign-in-on.md) _Context: contaminated_
4. [At an annual meeting of the Convention for the Conservation of Antarctic Marine Living Resources in Hobart, Australia, twenty-four countries and the European Union agree to create the world's largest marine park in Antarctica's Ross Sea. The marine park will cover more than 12 percent of the Southern Ocean, and will be protected from commercial fishing for 35 years. ](/news/2016/10/28/at-an-annual-meeting-of-the-convention-for-the-conservation-of-antarctic-marine-living-resources-in-hobart-australia-twenty-four-countries.md) _Context: Antarctica_
5. [Australian icebreaker, ''Aurora Australis'', runs aground in Antarctica with 68 people on board. There are no reports of injuries. The Australian Antarctic Division (AAD) said blizzard conditions are hampering attempts to assess damage. ](/news/2016/02/24/australian-icebreaker-aurora-australis-runs-aground-in-antarctica-with-68-people-on-board-there-are-no-reports-of-injuries-the-austr.md) _Context: Antarctica_
6. [British explorer Henry Worsley dies at the age of 55 while attempting to be the first person to cross Antarctica unaided. ](/news/2016/01/25/british-explorer-henry-worsley-dies-at-the-age-of-55-while-attempting-to-be-the-first-person-to-cross-antarctica-unaided.md) _Context: Antarctica_
7. [According to a new NASA (U.S.) study, ice sheet gains outweigh losses on the continent of Antarctica. An increase in snow accumulation that began 10,000 years ago outweighs increased losses from the continent's thinning glaciers. In 2013, Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change findings suggested gains were not keeping up with losses. NASA glaciologist Jay Zwally said, "We're essentially in agreement with other studies ... (except) ice gain in East Antarctica and the interior of West Antarctica exceeds losses in the other areas." ](/news/2015/10/31/according-to-a-new-nasa-u-s-study-ice-sheet-gains-outweigh-losses-on-the-continent-of-antarctica-an-increase-in-snow-accumulation-that.md) _Context: Antarctica_
8. [The Chinese icebreaker ''Xue Long'', or "Snow Dragon", was only six nautical miles away from the Russian-flagged vessel ''Akademik Shokalskiy'' when it too became obstructed by heavy ice in Antarctica. ](/news/2013/12/28/the-chinese-icebreaker-xua-la3ng-or-snow-dragon-was-only-six-nautical-miles-away-from-the-russian-flagged-vessel-akademik-shokals.md) _Context: Antarctica_
9. [A gigantic iceberg is floating in the Southern Ocean after breaking off the Pine Island Glacier in Antarctica. ](/news/2013/11/13/a-gigantic-iceberg-is-floating-in-the-southern-ocean-after-breaking-off-the-pine-island-glacier-in-antarctica.md) _Context: Antarctica_
10. [British explorer Ranulph Fiennes abandons The Coldest Journey expedition, his attempt to cross Antarctica in the heart of the region's winter due to a case of frostbite. ](/news/2013/02/25/british-explorer-ranulph-fiennes-abandons-the-coldest-journey-expedition-his-attempt-to-cross-antarctica-in-the-heart-of-the-region-s-winte.md) _Context: Antarctica_
