### [2014-11-13](/news/2014/11/13/index.md)

# Cuba defends North Korea by circulating an amendment to a European-Japanese draft resolution recommending the referral of North Korea to the International Criminal Court for crimes against humanity. 

Cuba, which was involved in a violation of U.N. sanctions against North Korea last year, has come to the aid of Pyongyang to defend it against a Western-led push to bring its alleged human rights abuses to The Hague, envoys said on Wednesday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/2014/11/12/uk-northkorea-un-cuba-idUKKCN0IW2QE20141112)
1. [Cover Image](http://s3.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20141112&t=2&i=991364520&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXNPEAAB1AN)

### Related:

1. [A United Nations report accuses North Korea of atrocities and calls for an investigation by the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2014/02/17/a-united-nations-report-accuses-north-korea-of-atrocities-and-calls-for-an-investigation-by-the-international-criminal-court.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, North Korea, United Nations_
2. [ Japan says it is considering whether a pre-emptive strike against North Korea's missile bases would be a violation of its constitution. This is ahead of a possible UN vote on sanctions against North Korea. ](/news/2006/07/10/japan-says-it-is-considering-whether-a-pre-emptive-strike-against-north-korea-s-missile-bases-would-be-a-violation-of-its-constitution-thi.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea, United Nations_
3. [A North Korean missile flies over Hokkaido, Japan, triggering the J-Alert system, following a similar event on 29 August. ](/news/2017/09/15/a-north-korean-missile-flies-over-hokkaido-japan-triggering-the-j-alert-system-following-a-similar-event-on-29-august.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea_
4. [North Korea fires a Hwasong-12 ballistic missile which flies 2,700 km, passing over Hokkaido, northern Japan, prompting the activation of the nationwide J-Alert warning system. This is first time since 2009 that a North Korean missile has passed over Japanese territory. ](/news/2017/08/29/north-korea-fires-a-hwasong-12-ballistic-missile-which-flies-2-700-km-passing-over-hokkaido-northern-japan-prompting-the-activation-of-th.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea_
5. [North Korea test-launches what is presumed to be its first intercontinental ballistic missile 933 kilometers into the Sea of Japan within Japan's Exclusive Economic Zone. An American expert theorizes the ICBM, which reached an altitude of 2,802 km, could potentially reach the U.S. state of Alaska. ](/news/2017/07/4/north-korea-test-launches-what-is-presumed-to-be-its-first-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-933-kilometers-into-the-sea-of-japan-within-ja.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea_
6. [North Korea launches a Short-Range Ballistic missile near Wonsan towards the Sea of Japan, according to South Korea. The missile reportedly lands in Japan's exclusive economic zone (EEZ) after traveling 450 km. ](/news/2017/05/29/north-korea-launches-a-short-range-ballistic-missile-near-wansan-towards-the-sea-of-japan-according-to-south-korea-the-missile-reportedly.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea_
7. [North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-eastern-waters-in-the-direction-of-japan-accordi.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea_
8. [A Filipino lawyer files a complaint of "mass murder and crimes against humanity" against Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte and eleven other officials at the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2017/04/24/a-filipino-lawyer-files-a-complaint-of-mass-murder-and-crimes-against-humanity-against-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-and-eleven-ot.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, crimes against humanity_
9. [United Nations officials announce the creation of a new team in Geneva to investigate possible war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide during the Syrian Civil War in order to prepare for future prosecutions of those responsible. ](/news/2017/02/16/united-nations-officials-announce-the-creation-of-a-new-team-in-geneva-to-investigate-possible-war-crimes-crimes-against-humanity-and-genoc.md) _Context: United Nations, crimes against humanity_
10. [According to Myanmar's military, it has ended its "clearance operation" against the country's Rohingya minority in Rakhine State, which the United Nations says may amount to ethnic cleansing and crimes against humanity. ](/news/2017/02/16/according-to-myanmar-s-military-it-has-ended-its-clearance-operation-against-the-country-s-rohingya-minority-in-rakhine-state-which-the.md) _Context: United Nations, crimes against humanity_
