### [2013-10-19](/news/2013/10/19/index.md)

# Reuters reports that the United States Department of Justice and JPMorgan Chase have reached a tentative $13 billion settlement on the issue of selling bad mortgage loans to investors, the practice that contributed to Subprime mortgage crisis. 

JPMorgan Chase & Co has reached a tentative $13 billion (8.03 billion pounds) agreement with the U.S. Justice Department to settle government agency investigations into bad mortgage loans the bank sold to investors before the financial crisis, a source said on Saturday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/2013/10/19/uk-jpmorgan-settlement-idUKBRE99I08Y20131019)

### Related:

1. [2008 financial crisis. Goldman Sachs agrees to pay $5.06 billion to settle allegations that it sold packages of shoddy mortgages prior to the global financial crisis.. The U.S. Justice Department settlement includes a $2.385 billion civil penalty, and $1.8 billion for distressed borrowers and communities affected by the housing crisis. ](/news/2016/04/11/2008-financial-crisis-goldman-sachs-agrees-to-pay-5-06-billion-to-settle-allegations-that-it-sold-packages-of-shoddy-mortgages-prior-to-th.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice, housing crisis_
2. [ Subprime mortgage crisis:. In the biggest bank failure in American history, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation seizes Washington Mutual and sells most of the bank to JPMorgan Chase. ](/news/2008/09/26/subprime-mortgage-crisis-in-the-biggest-bank-failure-in-american-history-the-federal-deposit-insurance-corporation-seizes-washington-mut.md) _Context: JPMorgan Chase, housing crisis_
3. [ Subprime mortgage crisis:. World stock markets decline sharply after the proposed sale of investment bank Bear Stearns to rival JPMorgan Chase. ](/news/2008/03/17/subprime-mortgage-crisis-world-stock-markets-decline-sharply-after-the-proposed-sale-of-investment-bank-bear-stearns-to-rival-jpmorgan-ch.md) _Context: JPMorgan Chase, housing crisis_
4. [ Subprime mortgage crisis:. JPMorgan Chase announces plans to buy investment bank Bear Stearns for $2 a share following liquidity problems caused by the crisis. ](/news/2008/03/16/subprime-mortgage-crisis-jpmorgan-chase-announces-plans-to-buy-investment-bank-bear-stearns-for-2-a-share-following-liquidity-problems-c.md) _Context: JPMorgan Chase, housing crisis_
5. [Health care in the United States. The U.S. Department of Justice charges 412 individuals with health care fraud. Collectively, these individuals are accused of collectively defrauding $1.3 billion from the U.S. government. ](/news/2017/07/13/health-care-in-the-united-states-the-u-s-department-of-justice-charges-412-individuals-with-health-care-fraud-collectively-these-individ.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice_
6. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections. After "The Intercept" publishes a classified NSA document describing Russian efforts to launch cyberattacks on U.S. voting software suppliers, the United States Department of Justice announces it had brought charges upon Reality Winner, the alleged leaker. ](/news/2017/06/5/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-after-the-intercept-publishes-a-classified-nsa-document-describing-russian-effor.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice_
7. [United States immigration ban. The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/united-states-immigration-ban-the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-m.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice_
8. [U.S. immigration suspension, "State of Washington v. Trump". Trump's travel ban remains suspended as the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denies the Justice Department's request to stay the ruling which blocks major portions of the executive order. ](/news/2017/02/5/u-s-immigration-suspension-state-of-washington-v-trump-trump-s-travel-ban-remains-suspended-as-the-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-ninth.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice_
9. [Legal challenges to U.S. immigration suspension order. The U.S. Justice Department tells the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals that it won't be seeking further action by the court since this executive order will soon be replaced by a different one. Justice added they expect the Ninth Circuit ruling will be vacated once the new executive order is issued. ](/news/2017/02/16/legal-challenges-to-u-s-immigration-suspension-order-the-u-s-justice-department-tells-the-ninth-circuit-court-of-appeals-that-it-won-t-be.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice_
10. [Reuters reports, on the basis of anonymous Chinese bankers, that the State Administration of Foreign Exchange is instructing them to keep quiet about any negative analysis of prospects for the yuan. ](/news/2017/01/11/reuters-reports-on-the-basis-of-anonymous-chinese-bankers-that-the-state-administration-of-foreign-exchange-is-instructing-them-to-keep-qu.md) _Context: Reuters_
