### [2016-01-13](/news/2016/01/13/index.md)

# A major indication that relations between Cuba and the U.S. are increasingly normalized will be the island nation's participation later this month at an annual Caribbean security conference in Jamaica, according to the outgoing head of the United States Southern Command, General John F. Kelly. 

MIAMI — A U.S. military official says Cuba will attend an annual Caribbean security conference for the first time in another sign of normal relations between the long-hostile nations.


### Source:

1. [Military Times](http://www.militarytimes.com/story/military/2016/01/12/cuba-attend-security-conference-us-first-time/78688478/)
1. [Cover Image](http://snagfilms-a.akamaihd.net/b0/c6/b8c284d1400fb2788cc1506afa32/635882026798589830-caribbean-cuba-us-rel-weigjpg)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. State Department removes all families of employees and nonessential personnel from Cuba following apparent sonic attacks that injured 21 personnel on the island. Cuba denies any involvement and has authorized the FBI to travel to the island to help the ongoing investigation into the causes. ](/news/2017/09/29/the-u-s-state-department-removes-all-families-of-employees-and-nonessential-personnel-from-cuba-following-apparent-sonic-attacks-that-injur.md) _Context: Cuba-United States relations_
2. [Two Cuban diplomats are expelled from the Embassy of Cuba in Washington, D.C., after an incident in Havana forced U.S. officials to return home. ](/news/2017/08/9/two-cuban-diplomats-are-expelled-from-the-embassy-of-cuba-in-washington-d-c-after-an-incident-in-havana-forced-u-s-officials-to-return-h.md) _Context: Cuba-United States relations_
3. [The United States State Department says at least 16 U.S. government employees and family members based in Cuba showed physical symptoms from the previously reported acoustic attacks. Investigators are exploring whether some form of sonic attack was directed at diplomats' homes. ](/news/2017/08/24/the-united-states-state-department-says-at-least-16-u-s-government-employees-and-family-members-based-in-cuba-showed-physical-symptoms-from.md) _Context: Cuba-United States relations_
4. [The Canadian government says at least one of their diplomats in Havana has been treated for hearing loss, following up on yesterday's report that American diplomats had similar injuries. U.S. officials say the problems started in the fall of 2016. The Cuban Foreign Ministry says it was informed of the incidents in February and has been investigating since that time. ](/news/2017/08/10/the-canadian-government-says-at-least-one-of-their-diplomats-in-havana-has-been-treated-for-hearing-loss-following-up-on-yesterday-s-report.md) _Context: Cuba-United States relations_
5. [U.S. President Donald Trump announces new restrictions on travel and business with Cuba, reversing policies of Cuban Thaw, implemented during the tenure of President Barack Obama. ](/news/2017/06/16/u-s-president-donald-trump-announces-new-restrictions-on-travel-and-business-with-cuba-reversing-policies-of-cuban-thaw-implemented-durin.md) _Context: Cuba-United States relations_
6. [President Barack Obama announces the end of the wet feet, dry feet policy, which previously allowed undocumented immigrants from Cuba to become permanent residents. ](/news/2017/01/12/president-barack-obama-announces-the-end-of-the-wet-feet-dry-feet-policy-which-previously-allowed-undocumented-immigrants-from-cuba-to-bec.md) _Context: Cuba-United States relations_
7. [John F. Kelly is selected as Secretary of Homeland Security. [https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/retired-marine-gen-john-f-kelly-picked-to-head-department-of-homeland-security/2016/12/07/165472f2-bbe6-11e6-94ac-3d324840106c_story.html?hpid=hp_hp-top-table-main_kelly-1140a%3Ahomepage%2Fstory ("The Washington Post")]Linda McMahon is selected as Administrator of the Scott Pruitt is selected as Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency](/news/2016/12/7/john-f-kelly-is-selected-as-secretary-of-homeland-security-https-www-washingtonpost-com-world-national-security-retired-marine-gen-john.md) _Context: John  F. Kelly_
8. [President Barack Obama issues an executive order on Cuba lifting monetary limits on the amount of Cuban products, including cigars and rum, which Americans can bring back for personal use, allowing Cubans and Americans to engage in joint medical research, and allowing Cubans to buy certain U.S. consumer goods online. ](/news/2016/10/14/president-barack-obama-issues-an-executive-order-on-cuba-lifting-monetary-limits-on-the-amount-of-cuban-products-including-cigars-and-rum.md) _Context: Cuba-United States relations_
9. [President Barack Obama nominates Jeffrey DeLaurentis as the first United States Ambassador to Cuba since 1961. ](/news/2016/09/27/president-barack-obama-nominates-jeffrey-delaurentis-as-the-first-united-states-ambassador-to-cuba-since-1961.md) _Context: Cuba-United States relations_
10. [The first commercial flight from the United States to Cuba since 1961 takes place as "JetBlue Flight 387" lands in Santa Clara, Villa Clara province, after a 51-minute flight from Fort Lauderdale, Florida. "JetBlue Flight 387" had 150 passengers, including United States Secretary of Transportation Anthony Foxx. ](/news/2016/08/31/the-first-commercial-flight-from-the-united-states-to-cuba-since-1961-takes-place-as-jetblue-flight-387-lands-in-santa-clara-villa-clara.md) _Context: Cuba-United States relations_
