### [2016-01-13](/news/2016/01/13/index.md)

# Iran claims that it has interrogated ten United States Navy personnel that it captured allegedly  in its territorial waters. 

Iran has released 10 US Navy sailors who were detained when their vessels strayed into Iranian waters.


### Source:

1. [Sky News Australia](http://www.skynews.com.au/news/top-stories/2016/01/13/us-boats-in-iranian-custody.html)
2. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/morning-mix/wp/2016/01/13/iran-sends-mixed-message-on-quick-release-of-u-s-navy-crews/)

### Related:

1. [Iran seizes the crew of two small United States Navy boats near Farsi Island, in the Persian Gulf, after they had allegedly entered Iranian waters. Pentagon spokesman, Peter Cook, told Associated Press that Iran has assured the United States that the crew and vessels will be returned promptly. ](/news/2016/01/12/iran-seizes-the-crew-of-two-small-united-states-navy-boats-near-farsi-island-in-the-persian-gulf-after-they-had-allegedly-entered-iranian.md) _Context: Iran–United States relations, U.S. Navy_
2. [A U.S. Navy F/A-18 Hornet crashes in the Celebes Sea off the Philippines during an attempted landing on the USS ''Carl Vinson''. The pilot ejected and was recovered safely. ](/news/2017/04/21/a-u-s-navy-f-a-18-hornet-crashes-in-the-celebes-sea-off-the-philippines-during-an-attempted-landing-on-the-uss-carl-vinson-the-pilot-e.md) _Context: U.S. Navy_
3. [The United States Department of the Treasury announces new sanctions against Iran in response to the latter's recent ballistic missile test. Thirteen people and twelve entities with ties to Iran have been affected. ](/news/2017/02/3/the-united-states-department-of-the-treasury-announces-new-sanctions-against-iran-in-response-to-the-latter-s-recent-ballistic-missile-test.md) _Context: Iran–United States relations_
4. [The United States Senate votes 99-0 in favor of a ten-year extension of the Iran Sanctions Act, the measure will now be sent to President Barack Obama to sign into law. The act was due to expire on December 31, 2016, if not renewed. ](/news/2016/12/1/the-united-states-senate-votes-99-0-in-favor-of-a-ten-year-extension-of-the-iran-sanctions-act-the-measure-will-now-be-sent-to-president-ba.md) _Context: Iran–United States relations_
5. [Ayatollah Khamenei warns that Iran will retaliate if sanctions that breach the Nuclear Deal are approved. ](/news/2016/11/23/ayatollah-khamenei-warns-that-iran-will-retaliate-if-sanctions-that-breach-the-nuclear-deal-are-approved.md) _Context: Iran–United States relations_
6. [The United States Navy's destroyer USS ''Mason'' comes under missile attack in the Red Sea, off the coast of Yemen. The two missiles, fired from Yemeni territory controlled by Iranian-backed Houthis, impacted the water well before reaching the ship, according to Pentagon spokesman Captain Jeff Davis. ](/news/2016/10/9/the-united-states-navy-s-destroyer-uss-mason-comes-under-missile-attack-in-the-red-sea-off-the-coast-of-yemen-the-two-missiles-fired.md) _Context: U.S. Navy_
7. [Yemeni Crisis (2011-present)	The United States Navy's USS ''Mason'' is fired on for the third time in a week from territory controlled by Houthi forces in Yemen, while in international waters of the Red Sea. The ship deployed countermeasures and was not struck, according to U.S. officials. ](/news/2016/10/15/yemeni-crisis-2011apresent-pthe-united-states-navy-s-uss-mason-is-fired-on-for-the-third-time-in-a-week-from-territory-controlled-by.md) _Context: U.S. Navy_
8. [The U.S. military launches Tomahawk cruise missiles from the USS ''Nitze'' against Houthi-controlled radar sites in Yemen following two incidents in which, according to U.S. military, missiles were fired on United States Navy vessels in the Red Sea. ](/news/2016/10/13/the-u-s-military-launches-tomahawk-cruise-missiles-from-the-uss-nitze-against-houthi-controlled-radar-sites-in-yemen-following-two-inci.md) _Context: U.S. Navy_
9. [A Russian Sukhoi Su-27 fighter jet makes an "unsafe close-range intercept" of a United States Navy P-8A Poseidon over the Black Sea in international airspace, coming within 10 feet (3.3 m) of the U.S. aircraft. ](/news/2016/09/7/a-russian-sukhoi-su-27-fighter-jet-makes-an-unsafe-close-range-intercept-of-a-united-states-navy-p-8a-poseidon-over-the-black-sea-in-inter.md) _Context: U.S. Navy_
10. [Russia's Foreign Ministry warns of "retaliatory measures" over the entry of the United States Navy destroyer, USS ''Porter''. The USS ''Porter'' arrived in the Black Sea port of Varna, Bulgaria, earlier this week for what the U.S. Navy called a routine deployment. ](/news/2016/06/10/russia-s-foreign-ministry-warns-of-retaliatory-measures-over-the-entry-of-the-united-states-navy-destroyer-uss-porter-the-uss-port.md) _Context: U.S. Navy_
