### [2016-01-13](/news/2016/01/13/index.md)

# Israel says Swedish Foreign Minister Margot Wallstrom is no longer welcome in the country after she called for investigations into "suspected extrajudicial executions" of Palestinians by the Israeli army. Sweden has for many years financed NGOs such as B'Tselem and Breaking the Silence operating in Israel. 

Following an accusation by Swedish Foreign Minister Margot Wallström alleging that Israel carries out “extrajudicial executions” of Palestinian terrorists, her Israeli counterpart Tzipi Hotovely said that Israel is “closing its doors to official visits from Sweden.”


### Source:

1. [Breaking Israel News](http://www.breakingisraelnews.com/58888/following-incendiary-remarks-israel-slams-doors-on-swedish-foreign-minister-margot-wallstrom-jerusalem/#Mbblh41FFgHLq7bb.97)

### Related:

1. [A report by two Israeli human rights groups, B'Tselem and HaMoked, states dozens of Palestinian detainees at the Shin Bet's Shikma interrogation facility in Ashkelon have been subjected to mistreatment, and in some cases torture. The report examined affidavits and personal accounts from 116 Palestinians held for security reasons at the facility between August 2013 and March 2014. ](/news/2016/02/24/a-report-by-two-israeli-human-rights-groups-b-tselem-and-hamoked-states-dozens-of-palestinian-detainees-at-the-shin-bet-s-shikma-interroga.md) _Context: B'Tselem, Israel_
2. [ HaMoked Center for the Defense of the Individual and B'Tselem, Israeli human rights organizations, accuse the Israeli Defense Ministry of abusing Palestinian detainees in 73 cases. The Justice Ministry said the report was "fraught with mistakes, groundless claims and inaccuracies." ](/news/2007/05/6/hamoked-center-for-the-defense-of-the-individual-and-b-tselem-israeli-human-rights-organizations-accuse-the-israeli-defense-ministry-of-a.md) _Context: B'Tselem, Israel_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains): The Israeli army has been accused of using Palestinian civilians as human shields in an operation in northern Gaza. According to the Israeli human rights group, B'tselem, six civilians including two minors were subjected to the illegal tactic during an incursion into the town of Beit Hanoun last week. ](/news/2006/07/25/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-p-the-israeli-army-has-been-accused-of-using-palestinian-civilians-as-human-shields-i.md) _Context: B'Tselem, Israel_
4. [A shooting at the Israeli embassy in Amman, Jordan, leaves one person, a Jordanian, dead, and an Israeli and a Jordanian wounded. There is speculation the attack may be linked to recent events at Jerusalem's  Al-Aqsa Mosque. Another Jordanian man was killed inadvertently. ](/news/2017/07/23/a-shooting-at-the-israeli-embassy-in-amman-jordan-leaves-one-person-a-jordanian-dead-and-an-israeli-and-a-jordanian-wounded-there-is-s.md) _Context: Israel_
5. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Israel_
6. [Israel arrests Palestinian lawmaker Khalida Jarrar over allegations of her inciting of violence. ](/news/2017/07/2/israel-arrests-palestinian-lawmaker-khalida-jarrar-over-allegations-of-her-inciting-of-violence.md) _Context: Israel_
7. [Israel strikes two Syrian Army artillery positions and an ammunition truck in Quneitra Governorate, after stray shells from Syria land in the northern Golan Heights for a second day in a row. ](/news/2017/06/25/israel-strikes-two-syrian-army-artillery-positions-and-an-ammunition-truck-in-quneitra-governorate-after-stray-shells-from-syria-land-in-th.md) _Context: Israel_
8. [Israel and Syria exchange weapons fire in the disputed Golan Heights, with Israel destroying several targets, including two Syrian tanks. Although there were deaths on the ground in Syria, the number of casualties among Syrian forces is unknown. No Israeli troops were injured. ](/news/2017/06/24/israel-and-syria-exchange-weapons-fire-in-the-disputed-golan-heights-with-israel-destroying-several-targets-including-two-syrian-tanks-al.md) _Context: Israel_
9. [In two simultaneous attacks near the Damascus Gate in Jerusalem, an Israeli policewoman is fatally stabbed; the three Palestinian assailants are shot dead. ISIL claims were questioned by Israeli authorities. As well, the PFLP and Hamas claim it was their members who did it. ](/news/2017/06/16/in-two-simultaneous-attacks-near-the-damascus-gate-in-jerusalem-an-israeli-policewoman-is-fatally-stabbed-the-three-palestinian-assailants.md) _Context: Israel_
10. [Hamas, which is seeking to reconcile with rival Palestinian organizations, elects former Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh its new leader, replacing term-limited Khaled Meshaal.  Last week, Hamas dropped its longstanding call for Israel's destruction, and severed ties with the Muslim Brotherhood. ](/news/2017/05/6/hamas-which-is-seeking-to-reconcile-with-rival-palestinian-organizations-elects-former-prime-minister-ismail-haniyeh-its-new-leader-repla.md) _Context: Israel_
