### [2016-01-13](/news/2016/01/13/index.md)

# South Korean soldiers fire warning shots at a suspected North Korean drone near the Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ). The "unidentified flying object" was spotted around 29 miles north of Seoul, near South Korea's Dora Observation Post. 

South Korea says the &quot;enemy&#039;s unidentified object invaded&quot; its territory and warns it is &quot;closely&quot; watching Pyongyang&#039;s military.


### Source:

1. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/story/1621924/seoul-fires-warning-shots-at-north-korea-drone)

### Related:

1. [A North Korean soldier crosses the Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) and defects to South Korea, the first since September 2016. ](/news/2017/06/13/a-north-korean-soldier-crosses-the-korean-demilitarized-zone-dmz-and-defects-to-south-korea-the-first-since-september-2016.md) _Context: Korean Demilitarized Zone, North Korea, South Korea_
2. [A group of 13 North Koreans working at a restaurant in an unidentified country defect en masse to South Korea, according to Seoul's Ministry of Unification. ](/news/2016/04/8/a-group-of-13-north-koreans-working-at-a-restaurant-in-an-unidentified-country-defect-en-masse-to-south-korea-according-to-seoul-s-ministry.md) _Context: North Korea, Seoul, South Korea_
3. [ North Korea accuses South Korea of kidnapping its citizens and demands their immediate return after Seoul's Ministry of Unification said 13 of them had defected to South Korea from China, where they worked in a Pyongyang-operated restaurant. China says that the 13 people, a male manager and 12 young female employees, had legitimate passports and had freely exited China. ](/news/2016/04/12/north-korea-accuses-south-korea-of-kidnapping-its-citizens-and-demands-their-immediate-return-after-seoul-s-ministry-of-unification-said-13.md) _Context: North Korea, Seoul, South Korea_
4. [A single United States Air Force B-52 long-range strategic bomber makes a low-level flight over South Korea, close to the Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ), in a show of force following North Korea's fourth nuclear test on January 6, before returning to its base in Guam. ](/news/2016/01/10/a-single-united-states-air-force-b-52-long-range-strategic-bomber-makes-a-low-level-flight-over-south-korea-close-to-the-korean-demilitariz.md) _Context: Korean Demilitarized Zone, North Korea, South Korea_
5. [North and South Korea exchange artillery fire over the border at Yeoncheon, prompting South Korea to order evacuations of its citizens in the area. ](/news/2015/08/20/north-and-south-korea-exchange-artillery-fire-over-the-border-at-yeoncheon-prompting-south-korea-to-order-evacuations-of-its-citizens-in-th.md) _Context: Korean Demilitarized Zone, North Korea, South Korea_
6. [A South Korean official claims that North Korea is placing land mines in the Korean Demilitarized Zone to stop soldiers from defecting. The Korean DMZ already contains an estimated 1 million mines. ](/news/2015/06/14/a-south-korean-official-claims-that-north-korea-is-placing-land-mines-in-the-korean-demilitarized-zone-to-stop-soldiers-from-defecting-the.md) _Context: Korean Demilitarized Zone, North Korea, South Korea_
7. [The United States Secretary of State, John Kerry, assures South Korea of "ironclad" American security commitments on a visit to Seoul while accusing North Korea of a litany of crimes. ](/news/2015/05/18/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-assures-south-korea-of-ironclad-american-security-commitments-on-a-visit-to-seoul-while.md) _Context: North Korea, Seoul, South Korea_
8. [North Korea issues an "ultimatum" to South Korea, demanding blanket apologies and an immediate cessation of anti-DPRK activities. Some protesters in Seoul were noted burning portraits of North Korean leaders on Monday, while North Korea celebrated the birthday of the late Kim Il-sung. The new threat comes amid what is otherwise perceived as an easing of tensions on the Korean Peninsula. North Korean authorities say that an attack may occur without warning at any moment. ](/news/2013/04/16/north-korea-issues-an-ultimatum-to-south-korea-demanding-blanket-apologies-and-an-immediate-cessation-of-anti-dprk-activities-some-prote.md) _Context: North Korea, Seoul, South Korea_
9. [A United States military Sikorsky CH-53 Sea Stallion helicopter crashes near South Korea's border with North Korea, with no reported casualties. ](/news/2013/04/16/a-united-states-military-sikorsky-ch-53-sea-stallion-helicopter-crashes-near-south-korea-s-border-with-north-korea-with-no-reported-casualt.md) _Context: Korean Demilitarized Zone, North Korea, South Korea_
10. [South Korean police stop a planned launch of anti-North Korean leaflets across the border, as the government of South Korea seeks to open dialogue with the North and defuse soaring tensions in the Korean Peninsula. ](/news/2013/04/13/south-korean-police-stop-a-planned-launch-of-anti-north-korean-leaflets-across-the-border-as-the-government-of-south-korea-seeks-to-open-di.md) _Context: Korean Demilitarized Zone, North Korea, South Korea_
