### [2016-01-13](/news/2016/01/13/index.md)

# Turkish Interior Minister Efkan Ala says yesterday's ISIS suicide bomber had registered with Turkish immigration authorities but was not on any known militant suspects list. 

Three Russian citizens have been arrested in southern Turkey during a raid on a suspected ISIS terror cell, following Tuesday&rsquo;s deadly suicide bombing in Istanbul, according to Turkish media reports. Turkey&rsquo;s Dogan news agency quoted a statement from military authorities saying the three men had...


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/russians-arrested-turkey-isis-terror-links/story?id=36261418)
2. [Leader Call](http://leadercall.com/2016/01/turkish-police-detain-3-russians-suspected-of-isil-links/)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-turke-blast-arrests-idUSKCN0UR0PM20160113)

### Related:

1. [Turkish Interior Minister Efkan Ala resigns amid criticism over his handling of a string of ISIL and PKK terror attacks, and is replaced by Suleyman Soylu. ](/news/2016/08/31/turkish-interior-minister-efkan-ala-resigns-amid-criticism-over-his-handling-of-a-string-of-isil-and-pkk-terror-attacks-and-is-replaced-by.md) _Context: Efkan Ala, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Turkish interior ministry_
2. [At least 10 people are killed and 15 injured, mostly German tourists, following an explosion in Istanbul's Sultanahmet Square. A Syrian suicide bomber, an ISIL member, is responsible, according to Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu. ](/news/2016/01/12/at-least-10-people-are-killed-and-15-injured-mostly-german-tourists-following-an-explosion-in-istanbul-s-sultanahmet-square-a-syrian-suic.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, January 2016 Istanbul bombing_
3. [The Syrian Army lifts the 28-month-long siege of Deir ez-Zor by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. Syrian President Bashar al-Assad congratulates commanders for the victory. ](/news/2017/09/5/the-syrian-army-lifts-the-28-month-long-siege-of-deir-ez-zor-by-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-c.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
4. [Syrian state television reports the Syrian Army reaches a point 3 kilometers from Deir ez-Zor, a city besieged by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant since 2014. ](/news/2017/09/4/syrian-state-television-reports-the-syrian-army-reaches-a-point-3-kilometers-from-deir-ez-zor-a-city-besieged-by-the-islamic-state-of-iraq.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [Seven people are killed and 13 are injured after suicide bombers hit a state-run power station near the northern city of Samarra, Iraq. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/09/2/seven-people-are-killed-and-13-are-injured-after-suicide-bombers-hit-a-state-run-power-station-near-the-northern-city-of-samarra-iraq-the.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [CJTF-OIR jets destroy a section of road, blocking the path of a convoy carrying ISIL evacuees from the Lebanon-Syria border en route to Abu Kamal in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. The convoy, carrying 308 militants and 331 civilians according to Hezbollah, is now effectively stranded in Syrian government-controlled territory. ](/news/2017/08/30/cjtfaoir-jets-destroy-a-section-of-road-blocking-the-path-of-a-convoy-carrying-isil-evacuees-from-the-lebanonasyria-border-en-route-to.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [ISIL militants and their families, estimated to be around 600 people, begin to leave their strongholds on the Lebanon-Syria border and Qalamun Mountains for the Deir ez-Zor Governorate under Syrian military escort. A ceasefire was reached between warring parties yesterday. ](/news/2017/08/28/isil-militants-and-their-families-estimated-to-be-around-600-people-begin-to-leave-their-strongholds-on-the-lebanonasyria-border-and-qal.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [The Iraqi Army announces it is in full control of the Iraqi Turkmen city of Tal Afar in the Nineveh Governorate, after eight days of clashes with ISIL militants inside the city. ](/news/2017/08/27/the-iraqi-army-announces-it-is-in-full-control-of-the-iraqi-turkmen-city-of-tal-afar-in-the-nineveh-governorate-after-eight-days-of-clashes.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [Iraqi security forces, along with Shi'ite volunteers and Kurdish Peshmerga fighters, launch a ground offensive to take the city of Tal Afar back from Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. The city has been isolated from the rest of the ISIL-held territory since the recent Mosul liberation. ](/news/2017/08/20/iraqi-security-forces-along-with-shi-ite-volunteers-and-kurdish-peshmerga-fighters-launch-a-ground-offensive-to-take-the-city-of-tal-afar.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [The Lebanese Armed Forces launches operation "Fajr al-Joroud", and on the first day recaptures 30 km of territory near the Lebanon-Syria border formerly occupied by ISIS militants. Twenty ISIS militants were killed and 10 Lebanese soldiers were wounded. ](/news/2017/08/19/the-lebanese-armed-forces-launches-operation-fajr-al-joroud-and-on-the-first-day-recaptures-30-km-of-territory-near-the-lebanonasyria-b.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
