### [2016-06-20](/news/2016/06/20/index.md)

# According to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, the number of people displaced by conflicts in the world is at its highest level ever recorded, with an estimated 65.3 million people either being refugees, internally displaced or asylum seekers. 

More than 65m people worldwide are displaced by conflict and war, the UN refugee agency says, half from Syria, Afghanistan and Somalia.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-36573082)

### Related:

1. [Refugee rights. Australia-Papua New Guinea relations. Australian Immigration Minister Peter Dutton says Australia and Papua New Guinea will hold emergency talks next week about asylum seekers Australia has been holding on PNG's Los Negros Island in Manus Province. Tuesday, the Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea ruled this detention is illegal, and ordered the PNG and Australian governments to immediately take steps to end it. An Iranian refugee detainee remains in critical condition after setting himself on fire yesterday to protest Australia's treatment of refugees while the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees was visiting the island. ](/news/2016/04/28/refugee-rights-australia-papua-new-guinea-relations-australian-immigration-minister-peter-dutton-says-australia-and-papua-new-guinea-wil.md) _Context: United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, refugee_
2. [European migrant crisis. United Nations refugee agency spokesperson Adrian Edwards warns that Europe is on the verge, "... of a largely self-induced humanitarian crisis, ..." if the rapid build-up of migrants continues at the northern borders of an already over-stretched Greece. There are at least 24,000 there now, including 8,500 at Idomeni, the site of yesterday's incident. ](/news/2016/03/1/european-migrant-crisis-united-nations-refugee-agency-spokesperson-adrian-edwards-warns-that-europe-is-on-the-verge-of-a-largely-self.md) _Context: United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, refugee_
3. [Syrian Civil War. According to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, the total number of refugees from Syria reaches over five million. ](/news/2017/03/30/syrian-civil-war-according-to-the-united-nations-high-commissioner-for-refugees-the-total-number-of-refugees-from-syria-reaches-over-five.md) _Context: United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees_
4. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present). An unknown perpetrator using an Apache helicopter fires upon a boat carrying Somali refugees off the coast of Yemen, killing at least 40 of them, injuring 35 more. ](/news/2017/03/17/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-an-unknown-perpetrator-using-an-apache-helicopter-fires-upon-a-boat-carrying-somali-refugees-off-the-coast.md) _Context: refugee_
5. [European migrant crisis. Germany announces plans to start deporting newly-arrived migrants to Greece starting in March. According to EU's Dublin Regulation, asylum seekers must file for asylum in the member state they arrived in. ](/news/2017/01/12/european-migrant-crisis-germany-announces-plans-to-start-deporting-newly-arrived-migrants-to-greece-starting-in-march-according-to-eu-s-du.md) _Context: asylum seeker_
6. [Three UNHCR workers - one from Sudan and two from Nepal - are kidnapped by unidentified gunmen in Geneina, the capital of the West Darfur state. ](/news/2016/11/28/three-unhcr-workers-one-from-sudan-and-two-from-nepal-are-kidnapped-by-unidentified-gunmen-in-geneina-the-capital-of-the-west-darfur-st.md) _Context: United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees_
7. [Iraqi Civil War. Military intervention against ISIL. The United Nations reports that ISIL appears to have captured up to 3,000 fleeing Iraqi villagers from Hawija District headed to Kirkuk city. Militants reportedly executed 12 people. Earlier, the Iraqi Observatory for Human Rights said ISIL is using people for human shields against attacks by Iraqi security forces. ](/news/2016/08/5/iraqi-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-the-united-nations-reports-that-isil-appears-to-have-captured-up-to-3-000-fleeing-iraqi.md) _Context: United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees_
8. [An Iranian asylum seeker self-immolates himself in Nauru to protest Australia's treatment of refugees. The protest coincides with a visit by representatives from the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees to the island. Instead of admitting refugees into the country, Australia has been sending them to Nauru or Papua New Guinea. ](/news/2016/04/27/an-iranian-asylum-seeker-self-immolates-himself-in-nauru-to-protest-australia-s-treatment-of-refugees-the-protest-coincides-with-a-visit-by.md) _Context: United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees_
9. [European migrant crisis. Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) and the UN refugee agency, UNHCR, announce they are withdrawing from the so-called hotspots on the Greek islands because of the new EU-Turkey deal. UNHCR's Melissa Fleming says, "Under the new provisions, these sites (hotspots) have now become detention facilities." MSF's Marie Elisabeth Ingres says, -We will not allow our assistance to be instrumentalized (sic) for a mass expulsion operation, and we refuse to be part of a system that has no regard for the humanitarian or protection needs of asylum seekers and migrants.- ](/news/2016/03/23/european-migrant-crisis-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doctors-without-borders-and-the-un-refugee-agency-unhcr-announce-they-are-withdrawin.md) _Context: United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees_
10. [Italian refugee documentary "Fire at Sea", directed by Gianfranco Rosi, wins the 66th Berlin International Film Festival's Golden Bear award for best film. ](/news/2016/02/20/italian-refugee-documentary-fire-at-sea-directed-by-gianfranco-rosi-wins-the-66th-berlin-international-film-festival-s-golden-bear-award.md) _Context: refugee_
