### [2016-06-20](/news/2016/06/20/index.md)

# Croatian MPs vote to dissolve the Parliament, setting the stage for snap election, which are expected to take place in early September. This comes as Croatia is facing an escalating political crisis following the last election in November 2015. 

Snap election likely to be held in early September after 137 deputies in 151-seat assembly back parliament dissolution.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/06/croatia-dissolves-parliament-early-vote-160620122316755.html)

### Related:

1. [Croatian lawmakers approve conservative Croatian Democratic Union party leader Andrej Plenkovic's new coalition government 91-45. ](/news/2016/10/19/croatian-lawmakers-approve-conservative-croatian-democratic-union-party-leader-andrej-plenkovia-s-new-coalition-government-91a45.md) _Context: Croatia, Croatian parliamentary election, 2016_
2. [Voters in Croatia go to the polls for a parliamentary election with the conservative Croatian Democratic Union taking an early lead. ](/news/2016/09/11/voters-in-croatia-go-to-the-polls-for-a-parliamentary-election-with-the-conservative-croatian-democratic-union-taking-an-early-lead.md) _Context: Croatia, Croatian parliamentary election, 2016_
3. [Croatian President Kolinda Grabar-Kitarovic selects Israel-based Teva Pharmaceuticals executive Tihomir Oreskovic to be the new prime minister following the  inconclusive November 8 election. The "technocrat" is the choice of conservatives and reformists, who have 78 parliamentary seats, enough for confirmation. ](/news/2015/12/23/croatian-president-kolinda-grabar-kitarovia-selects-israel-based-teva-pharmaceuticals-executive-tihomir-orea-kovia-to-be-the-new-prime-min.md) _Context: Parliament, last election_
4. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: Croatia_
5. [The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, in a majority vote, ordered an "indefinite" halt in the war crimes trial of Croatian Serb rebel leader Goran Hadzic, who is terminally ill with brain cancer and declared "unfit to stand trial." Hadzic was charged with 14 war crimes and crimes against humanity for his role in the 1991-95 war in Croatia. ](/news/2016/04/6/the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-in-a-majority-vote-ordered-an-indefinite-halt-in-the-war-crimes-trial-of-c.md) _Context: Croatia_
6. [Former Deputy Prime Minister of Serbia and nationalist politician, Vojislav Seselj, is acquitted of all nine charges of committing atrocities in Bosnia and Croatia during the early 1990s by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia. ](/news/2016/03/31/former-deputy-prime-minister-of-serbia-and-nationalist-politician-vojislav-a-ea-elj-is-acquitted-of-all-nine-charges-of-committing-atrocit.md) _Context: Croatia_
7. [Dragan Vasiljkovic, a former Serbian paramilitary commander, is charged with war crimes in Croatia. ](/news/2016/01/8/dragan-vasiljkovia-a-former-serbian-paramilitary-commander-is-charged-with-war-crimes-in-croatia.md) _Context: Croatia_
8. [Slovenia tightens controls over its Schengen border with Croatia due to concerns of an influx of migrants. ](/news/2015/11/9/slovenia-tightens-controls-over-its-schengen-border-with-croatia-due-to-concerns-of-an-influx-of-migrants.md) _Context: Croatia_
9. [Early official results show the Croatian Democratic Union (HDZ), the country's largest opposition party, has a slim lead over Prime Minister Zoran Milanovic's ruling Social Democrats (SDP) in today's elections. With 32 percent counted, the HDZ, has 61 of parliament's 151 seats and the SDP is second with 53. The third place Most (Bridge of Independent Lists) party is likely to have the balance of power in the parliament. ](/news/2015/11/8/early-official-results-show-the-croatian-democratic-union-hdz-the-country-s-largest-opposition-party-has-a-slim-lead-over-prime-minister.md) _Context: last election_
10. [Macedonia, Serbia, Croatia, and Slovenia shut their borders to so-called economic migrants, those not coming from war-torn countries such as Syria, Afghanistan, or Iraq, leaving thousands stranded at Balkan border crossings. Around 500 migrants from Iran, Morocco, and Algeria gather on the border between Greece and Macedonia to protest the closure. ](/news/2015/11/20/macedonia-serbia-croatia-and-slovenia-shut-their-borders-to-so-called-economic-migrants-those-not-coming-from-war-torn-countries-such-as.md) _Context: Croatia_
