### [2016-06-20](/news/2016/06/20/index.md)

# Per Venezuela's National Electoral Council's ruling, citizens  across the country queue up for  fingerprint validation of 1,850,000 signatures on referendum to recall President Nicolas Maduro. The opposition Democratic Unity Roundtable  must validate 197,000 signatures (1 percent of registered voters) by Friday, in this first step  of the recall referendum process. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-venezuela-politics-idUSKCN0Z61ZX)
2. [TeleSUR](http://www.telesurtv.net/english/news/Venezuela-Begins-Validating-Recall-Referendum-Signatures--20160620-0012.html)

### Related:

1. [Venezuelan protests,  Venezuela's National Electoral Council says the opposition successfully met the one percent of voter signatures in every state requirement for a referendum to recall  President Nicolas Maduro. Council head Tibisay Lucena  did not name a date for the next phase of the referendum process: collect 20 percent of voters' signatures. ](/news/2016/08/1/venezuelan-protests-venezuela-s-national-electoral-council-says-the-opposition-successfully-met-the-one-percent-of-voter-signatures-in-eve.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests, National Electoral Council, Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
2. [Venezuela's National Electoral Council announces  the  opposition Democratic Unity Roundtable (MUD) has won at least  99 seats in the 167-member National Assembly in Sunday's elections. The  previous-ruling United Social Party of Venezuela (PSUV) picked up 46. Results for 22 contests remain to be determined. Voter turnout was a stunning 74.3 percent. "Within seconds," President Nicolas Maduro recognized the opposition's win, saying that despite (his party's) adverse result, Venezuela's democracy has triumphed. ](/news/2015/12/7/venezuela-s-national-electoral-council-announces-the-opposition-democratic-unity-roundtable-mud-has-won-at-least-99-seats-in-the-167-me.md) _Context: Democratic Unity Roundtable, National Electoral Council, Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
3. [Venezuelan opposition leaders say they have now secured enough signatures on a petition to move to the next stage in a recall referendum of President Nicolas Maduro. The process must now be validated by electoral officials. ](/news/2016/06/25/venezuelan-opposition-leaders-say-they-have-now-secured-enough-signatures-on-a-petition-to-move-to-the-next-stage-in-a-recall-referendum-of.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests, Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
4. [Protests erupt in various cities of Venezuela as the country faces increased food and power shortages, forcing the government to ration them, leading to widespread looting and violence. According to the opposition, who control the National Assembly, over a million people support its bid to start a referendum on ousting President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/04/29/protests-erupt-in-various-cities-of-venezuela-as-the-country-faces-increased-food-and-power-shortages-forcing-the-government-to-ration-them.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests, Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
5. [After many delays, Venezuela's electoral council releases petition sheets to the opposition alliance that wants to initiate a recall referendum against President Nicolas Maduro. Within three days, the petitioners need to collect about 200,000 signatures (1 percent of registered voters) before proceeding to the next step, the collection of 20 million signatures to get the referendum on the ballot. ](/news/2016/04/26/after-many-delays-venezuela-s-electoral-council-releases-petition-sheets-to-the-opposition-alliance-that-wants-to-initiate-a-recall-referen.md) _Context: National Electoral Council, Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
6. [According to a new poll, two-thirds of Venezuelans think President Nicolas Maduro should end his presidency this year or be removed via a recall referendum amid a worsening economic crisis. In the event of a referendum, 52.1 percent of Venezuelans would vote to remove him from office, up from 44.5 percent in January, according to the poll. ](/news/2016/03/27/according-to-a-new-poll-two-thirds-of-venezuelans-think-president-nicola-s-maduro-should-end-his-presidency-this-year-or-be-removed-via-a-r.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests, Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
7. [Marking the 50th consecutive day of protests, hundreds of thousands demonstrate throughout Venezuela against President Nicolas Maduro, with civil unrest growing despite the increasing number of casualties. ](/news/2017/05/20/marking-the-50th-consecutive-day-of-protests-hundreds-of-thousands-demonstrate-throughout-venezuela-against-president-nicola-s-maduro-with.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
8. [Venezuelans continue their march against President Nicolas Maduro with thousands flocking into the streets of Caracas for a second day. ](/news/2017/04/20/venezuelans-continue-their-march-against-president-nicola-s-maduro-with-thousands-flocking-into-the-streets-of-caracas-for-a-second-day.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
9. [Venezuelan security forces clash with opposition demonstrators in the so-called "Mother of All Marches" against President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas. Two students and a National Guard sergeant are shot dead. ](/news/2017/04/19/venezuelan-security-forces-clash-with-opposition-demonstrators-in-the-so-called-mother-of-all-marches-against-president-nicola-s-maduro-in.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
10. [Venezuelan officials arrest several opposition activists, including Popular Will Party leaders,  just  days before  Thursday's scheduled national protest against the rule of President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/08/30/venezuelan-officials-arrest-several-opposition-activists-including-popular-will-party-leaders-just-days-before-thursday-s-scheduled-nat.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
