### [2016-06-20](/news/2016/06/20/index.md)

# The U.S. Supreme Court declines to review assault weapons bans in Connecticut and New York, as it did last December concerning Chicago, Illinois, city law. Five other states and Washington, D.C. have similar restrictions. 

The Supreme Court has rejected challenges to assault weapons bans in Connecticut and New York, in the aftermath of the shooting attack on a gay nightclub in Orlando, Florida, that left 50 people dead.


### Source:

1. [AP via Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2016/06/20/supreme-court-leaves-state-assault-weapons-bans-in-place.html)

### Related:

1. [Leaders of nine national law enforcement groups, at the annual International Association of Chiefs of Police conference in Chicago, Illinois, call on federal lawmakers to strengthen background checks on gun purchases. ](/news/2015/10/26/leaders-of-nine-national-law-enforcement-groups-at-the-annual-international-association-of-chiefs-of-police-conference-in-chicago-illinois.md) _Context: Chicago, Gun politics in the United States, Illinois_
2. [United States Federal agents are combing three states for 32 cases of commercial grade explosives, about 500 pounds of 21/2 to 5 inch  aerial shells, stolen from a  CSX train traveling from Chicago, Illinois, through Ohio that arrived in Detroit, Michigan,  on Wednesday. ](/news/2016/04/23/united-states-federal-agents-are-combing-three-states-for-32-cases-of-commercial-grade-explosives-about-500-pounds-of-2a1-2-to-5-inch-aerial.md) _Context: Chicago, Illinois_
3. [The United States Department of Justice will investigate the Chicago, Illinois police department.  Long concerned with Chicago police department practices, the investigation is precipitated by the recent release of a video of the shooting death of Laquan McDonald.  The Chicago police are set to release another video showing the police killing of Ronald Johnson in October of 2014. ](/news/2015/12/7/the-united-states-department-of-justice-will-investigate-the-chicago-illinois-police-department-long-concerned-with-chicago-police-depart.md) _Context: Chicago, Illinois_
4. [Chicago, Illinois police officer, Jason Van Dyke, enters a not guilty plea regarding the charges of the 2014 shooting death of Laquan McDonald.  ](/news/2015/12/29/chicago-illinois-police-officer-jason-van-dyke-enters-a-not-guilty-plea-regarding-the-charges-of-the-2014-shooting-death-of-laquan-mcdona.md) _Context: Chicago, Illinois_
5. [Chicago, Illinois Mayor Rahm Emanuel asked for and received the resignation of that city's police superintendant Garry McCarthy. Emanuel spoke of the loss of the public's confidence in the city police and announced a task force on police accountability. The change comes in the wake of protests over the release of police footage showing the October 2014 shooting of Laquan McDonald. ](/news/2015/12/1/chicago-illinois-mayor-rahm-emanuel-asked-for-and-received-the-resignation-of-that-cityas-police-superintendant-garry-mccarthy-emanuel-s.md) _Context: Chicago, Illinois_
6. [Chicago, Illinois police officer Jason Van Dyke is charged with first-degree murder for the October 2014 shooting death of Laquan McDonald, a 17-year-old boy armed with a 3-inch knife. The charge comes shortly before the release of the police video showing the shooting.  Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel meets with community leaders to discuss the video's release and the potential ramifications for the city. ](/news/2015/11/24/chicago-illinois-police-officer-jason-van-dyke-is-charged-with-first-degree-murder-for-the-october-2014-shooting-death-of-laquan-mcdonald.md) _Context: Chicago, Illinois_
7. [The U.S. Supreme Court agrees to consolidate and hear four appellate rulings whether there is a constitutional right to same-sex marriage. It is currently allowed in Washington, D.C. and 36 states. Oral arguments will take place in April and a ruling may occur by June. ](/news/2015/01/16/the-u-s-supreme-court-agrees-to-consolidate-and-hear-four-appellate-rulings-whether-there-is-a-constitutional-right-to-same-sex-marriage-i.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court, Washington, D.C._
8. [Demonstrations continue for a third day in New York City, Boston, Chicago, Cleveland, Jacksonville, Miami, and Washington, D.C. where protesters perform "die-ins" over the deaths of Michael Brown and Eric Garner. ](/news/2014/12/6/demonstrations-continue-for-a-third-day-in-new-york-city-boston-chicago-cleveland-jacksonville-miami-and-washington-d-c-where-protes.md) _Context: Chicago, Washington, D.C._
9. [Thirteen people, including a three-year-old, are shot and wounded in the Back of the Yards neighborhood of the American city of Chicago, Illinois. ](/news/2013/09/19/thirteen-people-including-a-three-year-old-are-shot-and-wounded-in-the-back-of-the-yards-neighborhood-of-the-american-city-of-chicago-ill.md) _Context: Chicago, Illinois_
10. [Seven people are shot and wounded at a nightclub in Chicago, Illinois, United States. ](/news/2013/03/21/seven-people-are-shot-and-wounded-at-a-nightclub-in-chicago-illinois-united-states.md) _Context: Chicago, Illinois_
