### [2004-08-14](/news/2004/08/14/index.md)

#  Gunmen kill at least 156 people &ndash; mainly women and children &ndash; in an overnight raid on the Gatumba camp for Congolese Tutsi refugees in Burundi, the UN says. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/3564358.stm)

### Related:

1. [The United Nations publishes a toned down version of its report into war crimes said to have occurred in the Democratic Republic of the Congo during the 1990s after Uganda, Rwanda and Burundi rejected the report's findings. ](/news/2010/10/1/the-united-nations-publishes-a-toned-down-version-of-its-report-into-war-crimes-said-to-have-occurred-in-the-democratic-republic-of-the-cong.md) _Context: Burundi, Democratic Republic of the Congo, United Nations_
2. [At least 17 new mass graves are discovered by United Nations investigators in Kasai-Central, Democratic Republic of the Congo, mostly around the town of Tshimbulu. ](/news/2017/04/19/at-least-17-new-mass-graves-are-discovered-by-united-nations-investigators-in-kasaa-central-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-mostly-aroun.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, United Nations_
3. [South Africa will notify the United Nations that the country is withdrawing from the International Criminal Court (ICC). This separation would take effect one year from when notice is formally received by the U.N. Secretary-General. Last week, Burundi's parliament voted to leave the ICC, but the required paperwork has not yet reached the U.N. ](/news/2016/10/20/south-africa-will-notify-the-united-nations-that-the-country-is-withdrawing-from-the-international-criminal-court-icc-this-separation-wou.md) _Context: Burundi, United Nations_
4. [A senior Burundian Army general, Athanase Kararuza, an ethnic Tutsi and security advisor to Burundi Vice-President Gaston Sindimwo, is shot dead by heavily armed men in the capital Bujumbura. ](/news/2016/04/25/a-senior-burundian-army-general-athanase-kararuza-an-ethnic-tutsi-and-security-advisor-to-burundi-vice-president-gaston-sindimwo-is-shot.md) _Context: Burundi, Tutsi_
5. [U.S. diplomats, amid growing international concern the violence could spiral into an ethnic conflict, push for peace talks in Burundi. The European Union advises non-essential staff to evacuate the Central African nation amid rising violence and an uptick in political rhetoric. The head of the opposition UPRONA group urges the United Nations to send peacekeepers quickly. Yesterday, the UN Security Council called on the Burundi Government to protect human rights and cooperate with regional African mediators to immediately convene "an inclusive and genuine inter-Burundian dialogue" to find a peaceful resolution of the crisis. ](/news/2015/11/13/u-s-diplomats-amid-growing-international-concern-the-violence-could-spiral-into-an-ethnic-conflict-push-for-peace-talks-in-burundi-the-e.md) _Context: Burundi, United Nations_
6. [Three members of a United Nations peacekeeping mission to the Democratic Republic of the Congo have been abducted. ](/news/2015/04/24/three-members-of-a-united-nations-peacekeeping-mission-to-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-have-been-abducted.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, United Nations_
7. [UN troops in the Democratic Republic of the Congo launch an offensive, shelling positions held by rebels near the eastern city of Goma. ](/news/2013/08/23/un-troops-in-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-launch-an-offensive-shelling-positions-held-by-rebels-near-the-eastern-city-of-goma.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, United Nations_
8. [The United Nations reports that there are a million child refugees. ](/news/2013/08/23/the-united-nations-reports-that-there-are-a-million-child-refugees.md) _Context: United Nations, refugee_
9. [Eleven African nations including all the members of the African Great Lakes region sign a United Nations brokered peace deal for the eastern region of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. ](/news/2013/02/24/eleven-african-nations-including-all-the-members-of-the-african-great-lakes-region-sign-a-united-nations-brokered-peace-deal-for-the-eastern.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, United Nations_
10. [The Democratic Republic of the Congo wants United Nations sanctions on Rwandese top military officials named in a June U.N. report as supporting the M23 rebels in the current east Congo conflict. ](/news/2012/09/3/the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-wants-united-nations-sanctions-on-rwandese-top-military-officials-named-in-a-june-u-n-report-as-suppor.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, United Nations_
