### [2004-08-14](/news/2004/08/14/index.md)

#  US planes bomb the city of Samarra, north-west of Baghdad. In Najaf, a fragile ceasefire holds, with Muqtada al-Sadr making defiant statements but continuing negotiations. The Allawi government decides to withdraw from the negotiations in the afternoon. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/3564122.stm)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/3564320.stm)
3. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/3565200.stm)

### Related:

1. [ In a statement issued from his Baghdad office, Shiite Muslim cleric Muqtada al-Sadr agrees to order his militia to leave the Imam Ali Mosque in Najaf, Iraq, after threats by Prime Minister Iyad Allawi's government to "liberate" it. Al-Sadr further agrees to disband his Jaish-i-Mahdi militia, and enter the "mainstream political process". It remains unclear when the withdrawal will actually take place. ](/news/2004/08/18/in-a-statement-issued-from-his-baghdad-office-shiite-muslim-cleric-muqtada-al-sadr-agrees-to-order-his-militia-to-leave-the-imam-ali-mosqu.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iyad Allawi, Muqtada al-Sadr, Najaf_
2. [ In the standoff between the Jaish-i-Mahdi militia and Iraqi and US forces, fears of a major assault on Najaf mount. The city is closed to journalists and some Iraqi government soldiers are reported to desert. Some delegates at the national conference call on Iraqi interim Prime Minister Allawi to end military operations against Muqtada al-Sadr. ](/news/2004/08/16/in-the-standoff-between-the-jaish-i-mahdi-militia-and-iraqi-and-us-forces-fears-of-a-major-assault-on-najaf-mount-the-city-is-closed-to-j.md) _Context: Iyad Allawi, Muqtada al-Sadr, Najaf_
3. [ Khalil Naimi, a senior Iranian diplomat in Iraq, is killed while driving to the Iranian diplomatic mission in Baghdad by three unknown assailants, who drove up and shot him. He died shortly afterwards and the motives for the killing are unknown. The killing could complicate the mission of an Iranian government delegation which is in Iraq trying to mediate in the standoff between Iraq Alliance troops and Muqtada al-Sadr's militia, led by the radical Shiite cleric who is fortified in the town of Najaf. ](/news/2004/04/15/khalil-naimi-a-senior-iranian-diplomat-in-iraq-is-killed-while-driving-to-the-iranian-diplomatic-mission-in-baghdad-by-three-unknown-assa.md) _Context: Baghdad, Muqtada al-Sadr, Najaf_
4. [Violence erupts at a protest rally in Baghdad, Iraq, killing at least four protesters and one police officer. Thousands of supporters of Shia cleric Muqtada al-Sadr gathered in the capital to demand an overhaul of the country's electoral system. ](/news/2017/02/11/violence-erupts-at-a-protest-rally-in-baghdad-iraq-killing-at-least-four-protesters-and-one-police-officer-thousands-of-supporters-of-shi.md) _Context: Baghdad, Muqtada al-Sadr_
5. [ Iraqi officials declare a state of emergency for all of Baghdad after protesters loyal to popular Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr stormed into Iraq's parliament in the Green Zone. ](/news/2016/04/30/iraqi-officials-declare-a-state-of-emergency-for-all-of-baghdad-after-protesters-loyal-to-popular-shiite-cleric-muqtada-al-sadr-stormed-int.md) _Context: Baghdad, Muqtada al-Sadr_
6. [Tens of thousands of people, mostly Shi'ites, take to the streets of Baghdad, Iraq in a protest calling for Parliament to vote on a cabinet reshuffle. The protest was called for by powerful Shi'te Muslim critic Muqtada al-Sadr. The proposed cabinet reshuffle is aimed at fighting corruption in the midst of divisions between lawmakers that have hampered the work of the government. ](/news/2016/04/26/tens-of-thousands-of-people-mostly-shi-ites-take-to-the-streets-of-baghdad-iraq-in-a-protest-calling-for-parliament-to-vote-on-a-cabinet.md) _Context: Baghdad, Muqtada al-Sadr_
7. [Iraqi engineers warn that the Mosul Dam could collapse at anytime, resulting in a catastrophic flash flood that could kill up to one million people along the Tigris, with the major Iraqi cites of Mosul, Tikrit, Samarra and Baghdad all at risk. The U.S. embassy in Baghdad has urged American citizens to leave the area. ](/news/2016/03/2/iraqi-engineers-warn-that-the-mosul-dam-could-collapse-at-anytime-resulting-in-a-catastrophic-flash-flood-that-could-kill-up-to-one-million.md) _Context: Baghdad, Samarra_
8. [At least 33 people are killed and dozens more are injured in bombings in Baghdad, Kirkuk and Samarra in Iraq's worst violence in weeks. ](/news/2012/04/19/at-least-33-people-are-killed-and-dozens-more-are-injured-in-bombings-in-baghdad-kirkuk-and-samarra-in-iraq-s-worst-violence-in-weeks.md) _Context: Baghdad, Samarra_
9. [ Shia Islamists under cleric Muqtada al-Sadr protest in Baghdad, Iraq, on the anniversary of its capture by the United States Armed Forces in 2003. ](/news/2009/04/9/shia-islamists-under-cleric-muqtada-al-sadr-protest-in-baghdad-iraq-on-the-anniversary-of-its-capture-by-the-united-states-armed-forces-i.md) _Context: Baghdad, Muqtada al-Sadr_
10. [ 47 factory workers are forced off buses and shot at Nahrawan, near Baghdad. About 50 bullet-riddled bodies are found in Baghdad overnight. Al-Arabiya TV reporter Atwar Bahjat and her two crew are killed in Samarra. At least 11 people are abducted from jail in Basra by gunmen dressed as police, and shot. One person is killed in a Sunni mosque in Baquba, where a bomb targeting an Iraqi army patrol also kills 12 people. ](/news/2006/02/23/47-factory-workers-are-forced-off-buses-and-shot-at-nahrawan-near-baghdad-about-50-bullet-riddled-bodies-are-found-in-baghdad-overnight.md) _Context: Baghdad, Samarra_
