### [2007-11-1](/news/2007/11/1/index.md)

#  The Swedish Mint (Myntverket) in Eskilstuna, Sweden, loses the competition to produce Swedish national coins to Rahapaja Oy of Finland, ending a more than 1000-year-long tradition of minting Swedish coins in Sweden. 




### Source:

1. [Dagens Nyheter](http://www.dn.se/DNet/jsp/polopoly.jsp?d=678&a=711751)

### Related:

1. [ Sweden's National Bank announces that all 1-krona coins minted in 2009 will carry a new motif on their reverse to commemorate the 200th anniversary of Finland's separation from Sweden. ](/news/2009/01/15/sweden-s-national-bank-announces-that-all-1-krona-coins-minted-in-2009-will-carry-a-new-motif-on-their-reverse-to-commemorate-the-200th-ann.md) _Context: Finland, SKr, Swedish_
2. [Police in Cambodia announce that Gottfrid Svartholm Warg, one of the founders of The Pirate Bay, was arrested on August 30 in Phnom Penh, enforcing a suspected Interpol warrant by his homeland Sweden. Warg has been sentenced in April 2012 by a court in Stockholm for copyright violations to 12 months in jail and his quarter share (about EUR 900,000) in a solidary fine of 30 million SKr. ](/news/2012/09/2/police-in-cambodia-announce-that-gottfrid-svartholm-warg-one-of-the-founders-of-the-pirate-bay-was-arrested-on-august-30-in-phnom-penh-en.md) _Context: SKr, Swedish_
3. [Iceland opens an inquiry as it emerges that its citizens may be being spied on by the United States embassy. This follows similar investigations into possible illegal U.S. activities in Norway, Denmark, Sweden, and Finland, with possibly hundreds of Norwegians being monitored and Sweden describing the matter as "very serious". ](/news/2010/11/11/iceland-opens-an-inquiry-as-it-emerges-that-its-citizens-may-be-being-spied-on-by-the-united-states-embassy-this-follows-similar-investigat.md) _Context: Finland, Swedish_
4. [Contributions from Belgium, Canada, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Japan, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden and Switzerland allow the World Bank to cancel $36 million in Haiti's remaining debt following January's devastating earthquake. ](/news/2010/05/28/contributions-from-belgium-canada-finland-france-germany-ireland-italy-japan-the-netherlands-norway-spain-sweden-and-switzerland.md) _Context: Finland, Swedish_
5. [Travel chaos spreads across Europe as planes are grounded in the United Kingdom, Norway, Sweden, Finland and Russia as a result of the giant cloud of ash coming across from Iceland. ](/news/2010/04/16/travel-chaos-spreads-across-europe-as-planes-are-grounded-in-the-united-kingdom-norway-sweden-finland-and-russia-as-a-result-of-the-giant.md) _Context: Finland, Swedish_
6. [ Spain, Portugal, Finland and Greece join the United Kingdom, Republic of Ireland and Sweden in allowing workers from the ten countries which joined the European Union two years ago free access to their labour markets. ](/news/2006/05/1/spain-portugal-finland-and-greece-join-the-united-kingdom-republic-of-ireland-and-sweden-in-allowing-workers-from-the-ten-countries-whic.md) _Context: Finland, Swedish_
7. [About 600 members of the Swedish neo-Nazi group Nordic Resistance Movement march through Gothenburg, and 10,000 people hold a counter-demonstration. More than 50 people are arrested and several people are injured during the protests. ](/news/2017/09/30/about-600-members-of-the-swedish-neo-nazi-group-nordic-resistance-movement-march-through-gothenburg-and-10-000-people-hold-a-counter-demons.md) _Context: Swedish_
8. [Sweden starts its largest military exercise in over 20 years. Nearly 20,000 troops are set to participate, including a contingent of over 1,000 U.S. soldiers. The drills will take place on and around the island of Gotland, including soldiers from NATO countries. ](/news/2017/09/11/sweden-starts-its-largest-military-exercise-in-over-20-years-nearly-20-000-troops-are-set-to-participate-including-a-contingent-of-over-1.md) _Context: Swedish_
9. [At least two people are reportedly killed, and several others wounded in a stabbing in Turku, Finland. Police said they arrested one person after a shootout and had launched a manhunt for other possible attackers. ](/news/2017/08/18/at-least-two-people-are-reportedly-killed-and-several-others-wounded-in-a-stabbing-in-turku-finland-police-said-they-arrested-one-person.md) _Context: Finland_
10. [In a surprise appointment by Pope Francis, Bishop Anders Arborelius is the first ever person from Sweden to become a cardinal. ](/news/2017/05/21/in-a-surprise-appointment-by-pope-francis-bishop-anders-arborelius-is-the-first-ever-person-from-sweden-to-become-a-cardinal.md) _Context: Swedish_
