### [2015-10-15](/news/2015/10/15/index.md)

# A cache of classified intelligence documents published from The Intercept, released by an anonymous whistleblower, highlight details surrounding post-September 11 attacks United States drone strikes in Afghanistan, Somalia, and Yemen, alleging that the United States conducts these strikes under extremely unreliable information and faulty pretenses. 




### Source:

1. [Al-Jazeera America](http://america.aljazeera.com/articles/2015/10/15/new-leak-of-us-intelligence-highlights-contours-of-us-drone-program.html)
2. [U.S. News](http://www.usnews.com/news/articles/2013/02/05/leaked-memo-outlines-policy-for-killing-americans-with-drones)
3. [Vice News](https://news.vice.com/article/leaked-documents-show-the-us-used-drone-strikes-to-target-afghan-drug-lords)

### Related:

1. [ Al Qaeda's Deputy Leader Ayman al-Zawahri claims that the United States is being defeated in Iraq, Afghanistan, Somalia and North Africa. ](/news/2007/09/20/al-qaeda-s-deputy-leader-ayman-al-zawahri-claims-that-the-united-states-is-being-defeated-in-iraq-afghanistan-somalia-and-north-africa.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Somalia, United States_
2. [ The INS registration deadline for males in the United States aged 16 and older from Afghanistan, Algeria, Bahrain, Eritrea, Lebanon, Morocco, North Korea, Oman, Qatar, Somalia, Tunisia, United Arab Emirates and Yemen. A controversial Bush administration policy designed to capture terrorists requires all such men to submit to "special registration" procedures consisting of fingerprinting, photographing, and lengthy interviews concerning their whereabouts, associations, and activities.](/news/2003/01/10/the-ins-registration-deadline-for-males-in-the-united-states-aged-16-and-older-from-afghanistan-algeria-bahrain-eritrea-lebanon-morocc.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Somalia, Yemen_
3. [Two U.S. service members are killed and a third is injured during a raid against ISIL militants in Afghanistan's Nangarhar Province. ](/news/2017/04/27/two-u-s-service-members-are-killed-and-a-third-is-injured-during-a-raid-against-isil-militants-in-afghanistan-s-nangarhar-province.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, United States_
4. [The United States is to deploy troops to Somalia for the first time since 1994 to help train the Somali Armed Forces in their conflict with al-Shabaab insurgents. ](/news/2017/04/14/the-united-states-is-to-deploy-troops-to-somalia-for-the-first-time-since-1994-to-help-train-the-somali-armed-forces-in-their-conflict-with.md) _Context: Somalia, United States_
5. [Stephen O'Brien, head of the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, reports that the world is experiencing its most severe humanitarian crisis since World War II, with over 20 million people suffering from severe lack of food security in Yemen, South Sudan, Somalia, and Northeast Nigeria. ](/news/2017/03/10/stephen-o-brien-head-of-the-united-nations-office-for-the-coordination-of-humanitarian-affairs-reports-that-the-world-is-experiencing-its.md) _Context: Somalia, Yemen_
6. [Yemen reassesses its permission to the United States to run special operations ground missions against suspected terrorist groups because of the civilian deaths in the January 29 raid. Earlier reports indicated permission had been suspended. [https://www.nytimes.com/2017/02/07/world/middleeast/yemen-special-operations-missions.html?_r=0 ("The New York Times")] [https://www.nytimes.com/2017/02/08/world/middleeast/yemen-raid-american-military.html ("The New York Times")2]](/news/2017/02/8/yemen-reassesses-its-permission-to-the-united-states-to-run-special-operations-ground-missions-against-suspected-terrorist-groups-because-of.md) _Context: United States, Yemen_
7. [A U.S. military raid takes place in Yemen's southern Al Bayda Governorate. According to medics on the scene as reported by Reuters, "around 30" were killed, among which were at least three senior Al-Qaeda members, at least one U.S. service member, and 10 women and children. ](/news/2017/01/29/a-u-s-military-raid-takes-place-in-yemen-s-southern-al-bayda-governorate-according-to-medics-on-the-scene-as-reported-by-reuters-around.md) _Context: United States, Yemen_
8. [Travelers from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, and Yemen are blocked from entering the United States as the executive order takes effect. ](/news/2017/01/28/travelers-from-iran-iraq-libya-somalia-sudan-syria-and-yemen-are-blocked-from-entering-the-united-states-as-the-executive-order-takes.md) _Context: Somalia, Yemen_
9. [President Trump signs an executive order limiting refugees and immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries, including Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. The order also prioritizes the vetting of Christian refugees of the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2017/01/27/president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-limiting-refugees-and-immigration-from-seven-muslim-majority-countries-including-iran-iraq-libya.md) _Context: Somalia, Yemen_
10. [Afghanistan's first female Air Force pilot Niloofar Rahmani files for asylum in the United States. ](/news/2016/12/25/afghanistan-s-first-female-air-force-pilot-niloofar-rahmani-files-for-asylum-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, United States_
