### [2015-10-15](/news/2015/10/15/index.md)

# An Israeli is stabbed by a fellow Israeli Jew, because he is mistaken for an Arab. 

Uri Rezken, the victim of a stabbing attack in Kiryat Ata, in Haifa, Israel, describes the moment he was mistaken for an Arab and stabbed by an Israeli


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/video/2015/oct/15/israeli-stabbing-victim-i-was-mistaken-for-arab-in-hate-attack-video)
2. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/10/16/world/middleeast/jewish-man-stabbed-by-fellow-israeli-in-botched-revenge-attack-denounces-ethnic-violence.html)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A 10-year-old Israeli boy is severely wounded after being shot in the head when an Al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigades gunman opened fire on the vehicle he was travelling in outside the Israeli settlement of Ateret in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/08/7/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-a-10-year-old-israeli-boy-is-severely-wounded-after-being-shot-in-the-head-when-an-al-aqsa-martyrs-brigades.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Israelis_
2. [Israel charges a UN administrative manager of being a Hamas-linked operative from Gaza. ](/news/2016/08/9/israel-charges-a-un-administrative-manager-of-being-a-hamas-linked-operative-from-gaza.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
3. [Israel claims its forces shot dead five Palestinian attackers in three separate incidents. ](/news/2016/02/14/israel-claims-its-forces-shot-dead-five-palestinian-attackers-in-three-separate-incidents.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
4. [German police begin investigations into a gang of up to 1,000 men of North African and Arab appearance who committed sexual assaults on women in Cologne's main square on New Year's Eve. ](/news/2016/01/4/german-police-begin-investigations-into-a-gang-of-up-to-1-000-men-of-north-african-and-arab-appearance-who-committed-sexual-assaults-on-wome.md) _Context: Arab_
5. [For the first time in the country's history, Saudi Arabian women are allowed to vote and to stand for office in the December 12, 2015, elections. Candidacy filings opened yesterday. In two days, more than 900 women have signed up to run for various local government positions in the Arab nation. ](/news/2015/11/30/for-the-first-time-in-the-country-s-history-saudi-arabian-women-are-allowed-to-vote-and-to-stand-for-office-in-the-december-12-2015-elect.md) _Context: Arab_
6. [Israeli agents, disguised as Arabs escorting a woman in labor, raids a hospital in Hebron, West Bank, seizing a Palestinian suspected of stabbing and shooting dead his cousin. ](/news/2015/11/12/israeli-agents-disguised-as-arabs-escorting-a-woman-in-labor-raids-a-hospital-in-hebron-west-bank-seizing-a-palestinian-suspected-of-sta.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
7. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met today in Berlin with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu regarding the recent spate of violence between Palestinians and Israelis. Kerry will meet on Saturday with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and King Abdullah of Jordan in Amman. ](/news/2015/10/22/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-met-today-in-berlin-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-regarding-the-recent-spate-of-violence.md) _Context: Israelis_
8. [Palestinian rioters set fire to the building containing Joseph's Tomb in the West Bank city of Nablus causing heavy damage to the structure before the fire is put out. Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas condemns the attack. ](/news/2015/10/16/palestinian-rioters-set-fire-to-the-building-containing-joseph-s-tomb-in-the-west-bank-city-of-nablus-causing-heavy-damage-to-the-structure.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
9. [Palestinians carried out three stabbing attacks against Israeli citizens and police in Jerusalem today with two of the attackers shot dead as the wave of violence continues, police said. There have been a series of stabbing attacks in Israel and the West Bank in recent days that have wounded several Israelis; nine attackers have been shot dead. Also, at least 16 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli forces during/after violent demonstrations in the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2015/10/12/palestinians-carried-out-three-stabbing-attacks-against-israeli-citizens-and-police-in-jerusalem-today-with-two-of-the-attackers-shot-dead-a.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
10. [A Palestinian man from the West Bank, Hamza Muhammad Hassan Matrouk, illegally crosses into Israel for the express purpose to stab people attacking over a dozen Israelis on a bus in central Tel Aviv. Security forces capture the assailant as he continued to indiscriminately stab people in the street. ](/news/2015/01/21/a-palestinian-man-from-the-west-bank-hamza-muhammad-hassan-matrouk-illegally-crosses-into-israel-for-the-express-purpose-to-stab-people-at.md) _Context: Israelis_
