### [2015-10-15](/news/2015/10/15/index.md)

# At least one person is reportedly killed after Bulgarian border guards open fire on a group of illegal migrants after they attempted to cross the border from Turkey. The incident happened near the southeastern town of Sredets. 

An Afghan migrant has been shot dead after an incident near the southeastern Bulgarian border town of Sredets. 


### Source:

1. [Yahoo](https://uk.news.yahoo.com/reports-bulgaria-border-guards-shoot-migrants-230210035.html#b486Pd5)
2. [AFP via Channel News Asia](http://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/world/afghan-migrant-shot-dead/2196554.html)

### Related:

1. [Police in northern Greece move  more than 400 Syrians and Iraqis by bus from a makeshift camp near the Macedonian border to a shelter near the northern city of Thessaloniki. More than 50,000 migrants remain stranded in Greece following European border closures, and the European Union's agreement with Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/13/police-in-northern-greece-move-more-than-400-syrians-and-iraqis-by-bus-from-a-makeshift-camp-near-the-macedonian-border-to-a-shelter-near-t.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Turkish_
2. [The European Union proposes visa-free travel for Turkish citizens within Europe's Schengen Area and invites member states and EU lawmakers to endorse the move by June 30.  The EU says Turkey has met all but five of the 72 criteria included in the agreement in exchange for its efforts to stop asylum seekers from reaching Europe. This visa deal also needs approval from the European Parliament. ](/news/2016/05/4/the-european-union-proposes-visa-free-travel-for-turkish-citizens-within-europe-s-schengen-area-and-invites-member-states-and-eu-lawmakers-t.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Turkish_
3. [On Wednesday, the European Union will propose relaxing visa requirements for Turks as a reward for having reduced the flood of refugees and migrants into Europe. ](/news/2016/05/2/on-wednesday-the-european-union-will-propose-relaxing-visa-requirements-for-turks-as-a-reward-for-having-reduced-the-flood-of-refugees-and.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Turkish_
4. [Five migrants drown off the island of Samos close to Turkey. ](/news/2016/04/9/five-migrants-drown-off-the-island-of-samos-close-to-turkey.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Turkish_
5. [Greece starts deporting migrants to Turkey. ](/news/2016/04/4/greece-starts-deporting-migrants-to-turkey.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Turkish_
6. [Turkey says it has deported more than 3,300 foreigners suspected of links to  jihadi groups, and  barred another 41,000 foreigners  from entering the country. ](/news/2016/04/25/turkey-says-it-has-deported-more-than-3-300-foreigners-suspected-of-links-to-jihadi-groups-and-barred-another-41-000-foreigners-from-ent.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Turkish_
7. [German Chancellor Angela Merkel,  European Council President Donald Tusk, and European Commission Vice-President Frans Timmermans meet with Syrian refugees at a camp in the southeastern Turkish town of Nizip prior to talks with a delegation led by Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu. Davutoglu stresses the importance of implementation of European Union visa liberalization for Turkish citizens in assuring the success of Europe's  migrant readmission agreement with his country. Tusk announces that the EU will spend 1 billion euros ($1.1 billion) this summer on projects to improve the lives of Syrian migrants. ](/news/2016/04/23/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-european-council-president-donald-tusk-and-european-commission-vice-president-frans-timmermans-meet-with.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Turkish_
8. [The European Union and Turkey  agree on broad principles for a plan to ease the migration crisis which includes returning thousands of migrants to Turkey. For this, the EU will swiftly ease visa requirements for Turks and speed up Ankara's EU accession talks. A final agreement is to be ready for next week's two-day EU summit in Brussels, Belgium. ](/news/2016/03/8/the-european-union-and-turkey-agree-on-broad-principles-for-a-plan-to-ease-the-migration-crisis-which-includes-returning-thousands-of-migra.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Turkish_
9. [At least 25 migrants, including 10 children, drown  after their wooden boat capsizes in the Aegean Sea near the seaside town of Didim, Turkey. The Turkish Coast Guard was able to rescue 15 people. ](/news/2016/03/6/at-least-25-migrants-including-10-children-drown-after-their-wooden-boat-capsizes-in-the-aegean-sea-near-the-seaside-town-of-didim-turke.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Turkish_
10. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Bulgaria, Turkish_
