### [2015-10-15](/news/2015/10/15/index.md)

#  Egypt, Senegal, Uruguay, Japan, and Ukraine are elected to two-year, non-permanent seats on the United Nations Security Council for 2016-17, replacing Chad, Chile, Jordan, Lithuania, and Nigeria. [http://www.nytimes.com/2015/10/16/world/ukraine-and-japan-among-latest-members-of-un-security-council.html?ref=world (New York Times) ] 




### Related:

1. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Japan, Ukraine_
2. [The United States and Russia exchanged charges concerning U.N. Assistant Secretary-General for Human Rights Ivan Simonovic's presentation at the U.N. Security Council meeting on Ukraine. While violence between Ukrainian troops and pro-Russian rebels has lessened since September's agreement, Simonovic warned of the massive civilian toll if major hostilities re-erupt. OCHA's John Ging said locals face unacceptable physical hardships and indignities, and that the suspension of humanitarian programs and expulsion of humanitarian workers in non-government controlled areas must end. ](/news/2015/12/11/the-united-states-and-russia-exchanged-charges-concerning-u-n-assistant-secretary-general-for-human-rights-ivan-a-imonovia-s-presentation.md) _Context: Ukraine, United Nations Security Council_
3. [Japan imposes additional sanctions on Russia due to the Ukraine conflict and a visit by an aide of the President of Russia Vladimir Putin to a contested island off the coast off northern Japan. ](/news/2014/09/24/japan-imposes-additional-sanctions-on-russia-due-to-the-ukraine-conflict-and-a-visit-by-an-aide-of-the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-to.md) _Context: Japan, Ukraine_
4. [Japan announces it will fall in line with American sanctions against Russia for its role in promoting the secession of Crimea from Ukraine. ](/news/2014/03/18/japan-announces-it-will-fall-in-line-with-american-sanctions-against-russia-for-its-role-in-promoting-the-secession-of-crimea-from-ukraine.md) _Context: Japan, Ukraine_
5. [Mexico states that it has the support of Bolivia, Cuba, Ecuador, Ghana, Guatemala, the Federated States of Micronesia, Panama, Senegal, Turkey, and Uruguay in pursuing its case against Arizona's immigration law. ](/news/2010/07/21/mexico-states-that-it-has-the-support-of-bolivia-cuba-ecuador-ghana-guatemala-the-federated-states-of-micronesia-panama-senegal-turk.md) _Context: Senegal, Uruguay_
6. [ The United Nations Security Council, along with Japan and South Korea, agrees a draft resolution following North Korea's recent nuclear and missile tests. ](/news/2009/06/10/the-united-nations-security-council-along-with-japan-and-south-korea-agrees-a-draft-resolution-following-north-korea-s-recent-nuclear-and.md) _Context: Japan, United Nations Security Council_
7. [ Turkey, Austria, Japan, Mexico and Uganda are elected by the United Nations General Assembly to the Security Council. Iran and Iceland fail in their bids. ](/news/2008/10/17/turkey-austria-japan-mexico-and-uganda-are-elected-by-the-united-nations-general-assembly-to-the-security-council-iran-and-iceland-fail.md) _Context: Japan, United Nations Security Council_
8. [ Japan circulates a new United Nations Security Council draft resolution including the threat of sanctions against North Korea. ](/news/2006/07/7/japan-circulates-a-new-united-nations-security-council-draft-resolution-including-the-threat-of-sanctions-against-north-korea.md) _Context: Japan, United Nations Security Council_
9. [ North Korea launches a 7th missile, despite earlier condemnation of its earlier tests. One of the missiles landed "near Russian territory." The U.N. Security Council has scheduled an emergency meeting for Wednesday, and Japan warns of economic sanctions against the country. ](/news/2006/07/5/north-korea-launches-a-7th-missile-despite-earlier-condemnation-of-its-earlier-tests-one-of-the-missiles-landed-near-russian-territory.md) _Context: Japan, United Nations Security Council_
10. [ China and Russia resist efforts by the United States and Japan to move a motion in the United Nations Security Council to impose sanctions on North Korea over its missile tests. ](/news/2006/07/5/china-and-russia-resist-efforts-by-the-united-states-and-japan-to-move-a-motion-in-the-united-nations-security-council-to-impose-sanctions.md) _Context: Japan, United Nations Security Council_
