### [2015-10-15](/news/2015/10/15/index.md)

# SS "El Faro". The United States National Transportation Safety Board (NSTB) has asked the U.S. Navy to resume the search ended by the U.S. Coast Guard for the merchant vessel SS "El Faro" believed lost on October 7 during Hurricane Joaquin. The loss of the ship - with its crew of 33 hands - is regarded as -the worst U.S. merchant marine disaster of recent memory.- 

The Navy is scrambling a ship and an underwater search team to find the missing merchant ship SS El Faro, Navy officials told USNI News on Thursday.


### Source:

1. [USNI News](http://news.usni.org/2015/10/15/u-s-navy-deploying-search-team-to-find-lost-merchant-ship-el-faro)

### Related:

1. [The United States Coast Guard and Navy in Hawaii are searching for twelve American servicemen off the northern coast of Oahu following a crash between two United States Marine Corps CH-53E Super Stallion helicopters that were conducting an overnight training flight. ](/news/2016/01/15/the-united-states-coast-guard-and-navy-in-hawaii-are-searching-for-twelve-american-servicemen-off-the-northern-coast-of-oahu-following-a-cra.md) _Context: United States Coast Guard, United States Navy_
2. [2015 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Joaquin. The United States National Transportation Safety Board announces it has completed its search of the sunken "El Faro", but did not find the voyage data recorder, i.e., the black box. ](/news/2015/11/16/2015-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-joaquin-the-united-states-national-transportation-safety-board-announces-it-has-completed-its-sea.md) _Context: El Faro, National Transportation Safety Board_
3. [Aftermath of the USS "John S. McCain" collision. The United States Navy relieves vice admiral Joseph Aucoin as commander of the United States Seventh Fleet following four collisions in Asia this year that claimed the lives of 17 sailors. ](/news/2017/08/23/aftermath-of-the-uss-john-s-mccain-collision-the-united-states-navy-relieves-vice-admiral-joseph-aucoin-as-commander-of-the-united-state.md) _Context: United States Navy_
4. [Shipwrecks in 2017. The United States Navy's USS "John S. McCain" collides with the Liberian-flagged "Alnic" MC near Singapore. Rescue efforts are underway with ten sailors reported as missing. ](/news/2017/08/21/shipwrecks-in-2017-the-united-states-navy-s-uss-john-s-mccain-collides-with-the-liberian-flagged-alnic-mc-near-singapore-rescue-effor.md) _Context: United States Navy_
5. [USS "Fitzgerald" and MV "ACX Crystal" collision. The US Navy has announced that about a dozen sailors of the USS "Fitzgerald" are to be disciplined in the aftermath of the collision with a container ship last June, where 7 crew members died. ](/news/2017/08/17/uss-fitzgerald-and-mv-acx-crystal-collision-the-us-navy-has-announced-that-about-a-dozen-sailors-of-the-uss-fitzgerald-are-to-be-disc.md) _Context: United States Navy_
6. [Accidents and incidents involving helicopters. A United States Army Combat Aviation Brigade UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter crashes off the coast of Hawaii, with five people on board. A United States Coast Guard-led search for the missing is underway. ](/news/2017/08/16/accidents-and-incidents-involving-helicopters-a-united-states-army-combat-aviation-brigade-uh-60-black-hawk-helicopter-crashes-off-the-coas.md) _Context: United States Coast Guard_
7. [Iran-United States relations. The United States Navy says the USS "Thunderbolt" fired a warning shot at an Iranian patrol boat after it came within 150 yards of the U.S. ship. ](/news/2017/07/25/iran-united-states-relations-the-united-states-navy-says-the-uss-thunderbolt-fired-a-warning-shot-at-an-iranian-patrol-boat-after-it-ca.md) _Context: United States Navy_
8. [USS "Fitzgerald" and MV "ACX Crystal" collision. Rescuers find the bodies of seven United States Navy sailors who were missing after the prior day's collision between the USS "Fitzgerald" and the MV "ACX Crysta"l off the coast of Yokosuka, Japan. ](/news/2017/06/18/uss-fitzgerald-and-mv-acx-crystal-collision-rescuers-find-the-bodies-of-seven-united-states-navy-sailors-who-were-missing-after-the-pri.md) _Context: United States Navy_
9. [USS "Fitzgerald" and MV "ACX Crystal" collision. The USS "Fitzgerald", a United States Navy destroyer, collides with a merchant ship MV "ACX Crystal" off the coast of Japan at around 2:30 a.m. local time, with seven American sailors reported missing. The ship was taking on water and able to operate at limited propulsion. ](/news/2017/06/17/uss-fitzgerald-and-mv-acx-crystal-collision-the-uss-fitzgerald-a-united-states-navy-destroyer-collides-with-a-merchant-ship-mv-acx.md) _Context: United States Navy_
10. [A U.S. Navy F/A-18 Hornet crashes in the Celebes Sea off the Philippines during an attempted landing on the USS "Carl Vinson". The pilot ejected and was recovered safely. ](/news/2017/04/21/a-u-s-navy-f-a-18-hornet-crashes-in-the-celebes-sea-off-the-philippines-during-an-attempted-landing-on-the-uss-carl-vinson-the-pilot-eje.md) _Context: United States Navy_
