### [2015-10-15](/news/2015/10/15/index.md)

# The United States National Transportation Safety Board (NSTB) has asked the U.S. Navy to resume the search ended by the U.S. Coast Guard for the merchant vessel SS ''El Faro'' believed lost on October 7 during Hurricane Joaquin.  The loss of the ship -- with its crew of 33 hands -- is regarded as "the worst U.S. merchant marine disaster of recent memory." 

The Navy is scrambling a ship and an underwater search team to find the missing merchant ship SS El Faro, Navy officials told USNI News on Thursday.


### Source:

1. [USNI News](http://news.usni.org/2015/10/15/u-s-navy-deploying-search-team-to-find-lost-merchant-ship-el-faro)

### Related:

1. [The United States Coast Guard and Navy in Hawaii are searching for twelve American servicemen off the northern coast of Oahu following a crash between two United States Marine Corps CH-53E Super Stallion helicopters that were conducting an overnight training flight. ](/news/2016/01/15/the-united-states-coast-guard-and-navy-in-hawaii-are-searching-for-twelve-american-servicemen-off-the-northern-coast-of-oahu-following-a-cra.md) _Context: U.S. Coast Guard, U.S. Navy_
2. [The United States National Transportation Safety Board announces it has completed its search of the sunken ''El Faro'', but did not find the voyage data recorder, i.e., the black box. ](/news/2015/11/16/the-united-states-national-transportation-safety-board-announces-it-has-completed-its-search-of-the-sunken-el-faro-but-did-not-find-the.md) _Context: El Faro, National Transportation Safety Board_
3. [A U.S. Navy F/A-18 Hornet crashes in the Celebes Sea off the Philippines during an attempted landing on the USS ''Carl Vinson''. The pilot ejected and was recovered safely. ](/news/2017/04/21/a-u-s-navy-f-a-18-hornet-crashes-in-the-celebes-sea-off-the-philippines-during-an-attempted-landing-on-the-uss-carl-vinson-the-pilot-e.md) _Context: U.S. Navy_
4. [ The U.S. Coast Guard continues to search for the missing ''F/V Destination'', a Seattle-based fishing vessel operating near St. George, Alaska, with a six-member crew. The Coast Guard has discovered a debris field, but no sign of the crew. ](/news/2017/02/13/the-u-s-coast-guard-continues-to-search-for-the-missing-f-v-destination-a-seattle-based-fishing-vessel-operating-near-st-george-ala.md) _Context: U.S. Coast Guard_
5. [The United States Navy's destroyer USS ''Mason'' comes under missile attack in the Red Sea, off the coast of Yemen. The two missiles, fired from Yemeni territory controlled by Iranian-backed Houthis, impacted the water well before reaching the ship, according to Pentagon spokesman Captain Jeff Davis. ](/news/2016/10/9/the-united-states-navy-s-destroyer-uss-mason-comes-under-missile-attack-in-the-red-sea-off-the-coast-of-yemen-the-two-missiles-fired.md) _Context: U.S. Navy_
6. [The United States Navy's USS ''Mason'' is fired on for the third time in a week from territory controlled by Houthi forces in Yemen, while in international waters of the Red Sea. The ship deployed countermeasures and was not struck, according to U.S. officials. ](/news/2016/10/15/the-united-states-navy-s-uss-mason-is-fired-on-for-the-third-time-in-a-week-from-territory-controlled-by-houthi-forces-in-yemen-while-i.md) _Context: U.S. Navy_
7. [The U.S. military launches Tomahawk cruise missiles from the USS ''Nitze'' against Houthi-controlled radar sites in Yemen following two incidents in which, according to U.S. military, missiles were fired on United States Navy vessels in the Red Sea. ](/news/2016/10/13/the-u-s-military-launches-tomahawk-cruise-missiles-from-the-uss-nitze-against-houthi-controlled-radar-sites-in-yemen-following-two-inci.md) _Context: U.S. Navy_
8. [A Russian Sukhoi Su-27 fighter jet makes an "unsafe close-range intercept" of a United States Navy P-8A Poseidon over the Black Sea in international airspace, coming within 10 feet (3.3 m) of the U.S. aircraft. ](/news/2016/09/7/a-russian-sukhoi-su-27-fighter-jet-makes-an-unsafe-close-range-intercept-of-a-united-states-navy-p-8a-poseidon-over-the-black-sea-in-inter.md) _Context: U.S. Navy_
9. [Two nearby boats, responding to a Coast Guard emergency broadcast, rescue 46 people  from the sinking 220-foot ''Alaska Juris'' fishing boat in the Bering Sea off Alaska's Aleutian Islands. There are no reports of injuries; all on board were wearing survival suits. ](/news/2016/07/26/two-nearby-boats-responding-to-a-coast-guard-emergency-broadcast-rescue-46-people-from-the-sinking-220-foot-alaska-juris-fishing-boat.md) _Context: U.S. Coast Guard_
10. [Russia's Foreign Ministry warns of "retaliatory measures" over the entry of the United States Navy destroyer, USS ''Porter''. The USS ''Porter'' arrived in the Black Sea port of Varna, Bulgaria, earlier this week for what the U.S. Navy called a routine deployment. ](/news/2016/06/10/russia-s-foreign-ministry-warns-of-retaliatory-measures-over-the-entry-of-the-united-states-navy-destroyer-uss-porter-the-uss-port.md) _Context: U.S. Navy_
