### [2015-10-15](/news/2015/10/15/index.md)

# Yemen's Sana'a-controlled forces fire a Scud missile at Saudi Arabia in retaliation to Saudi "war crimes". A spokesman for Yemen's military allied with Houthi militants said the missile hit a Saudi airbase and caused "widespread destruction". There was no immediate comment from the Saudi side. 

Yemenis fly the flags and posters of the leaders of Saudi Arabia and the UAE


### Source:

1. [Gulf News](http://gulfnews.com/news/gulf/yemen/thousands-celebrate-al-houthi-defeat-in-aden-1.1601267)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/15/us-yemen-security-missile-idUSKCN0S90BD20151015)

### Related:

1. [Two senior army commanders from Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are killed, including the head of the Saudi Special forces in Yemen, Colonel Abdullah al-Sahyan, along with dozens of Saudi, Emirati, Sudanese and Yemeni coalition troops in a OTR-21 Tochka missile attack by Houthi forces on their base near the city of Taiz in southwestern Yemen. ](/news/2015/12/14/two-senior-army-commanders-from-saudi-arabia-and-the-united-arab-emirates-are-killed-including-the-head-of-the-saudi-special-forces-in-yeme.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen, Yemeni, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
2. [At least 14 people are killed after Saudi-led coalition airstrikes hit a food factory in Yemen's capital Sana'a. The airstrikes come just days after the suspension of inconclusive peace talks in Kuwait. ](/news/2016/08/9/at-least-14-people-are-killed-after-saudi-led-coalition-airstrikes-hit-a-food-factory-in-yemen-s-capital-sana-a-the-airstrikes-come-just-da.md) _Context: Sanaa, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
3. [A Scud missile fired from Yemen is intercepted over Saudi Arabia. The missile's target is believed to have been the King Khalid Air Base, near the city of Khamis Mushait. ](/news/2016/02/8/a-scud-missile-fired-from-yemen-is-intercepted-over-saudi-arabia-the-missile-s-target-is-believed-to-have-been-the-king-khalid-air-base-ne.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Scud, Yemen_
4. [Saudi  air defenses intercept a Scud missile fired from Yemen as it headed towards the city of Khamis Mushait, in the southwestern 'Asir Region. ](/news/2016/02/14/saudi-air-defenses-intercept-a-scud-missile-fired-from-yemen-as-it-headed-towards-the-city-of-khamis-mushait-in-the-southwestern-asir-reg.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Scud, Yemen_
5. [Iran says last night, Saudi warplanes bombed its embassy in the Yemeni capital, Sana'a, wounding several of its guards. The Associated Press reports there is no visible damage to the building. A Saudi-alliance spokesman promises to investigate the accusations. ](/news/2016/01/7/iran-says-last-night-saudi-warplanes-bombed-its-embassy-in-the-yemeni-capital-sana-a-wounding-several-of-its-guards-the-associated-press.md) _Context: Sanaa, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
6. [A Saudi-led coalition airstrike on a police building in Yemen's capital, Sana'a, kills at least 26 people and injures 15 others. ](/news/2016/01/18/a-saudi-led-coalition-airstrike-on-a-police-building-in-yemen-s-capital-sana-a-kills-at-least-26-people-and-injures-15-others.md) _Context: Sanaa, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
7. [Saudi-led coalition airstrikes, targeting Houthi rebels battling pro-government fighters, killed and wounded dozens in the port city of Mocha, according to Yemeni security officials. Around 35 fighters on both sides were killed in the battle over a key military base near the city of Taiz. ](/news/2015/12/8/saudi-led-coalition-airstrikes-targeting-houthi-rebels-battling-pro-government-fighters-killed-and-wounded-dozens-in-the-port-city-of-moch.md) _Context: Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen, Yemeni, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
8. [Two ballistic missiles are fired from Yemen at Saudi Arabia, one of which is intercepted by the kingdom's air defences, while the other missile lands near the city of Najran, according to a coalition statement on Saudi state media. No casualties have been reported. ](/news/2015/12/18/two-ballistic-missiles-are-fired-from-yemen-at-saudi-arabia-one-of-which-is-intercepted-by-the-kingdom-s-air-defences-while-the-other-miss.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
9. [A Saudi-led military coalition bombardment in the Yemeni capital, Sana'a, kills at least 50 people. ](/news/2015/09/21/a-saudi-led-military-coalition-bombardment-in-the-yemeni-capital-sana-a-kills-at-least-50-people.md) _Context: Sanaa, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
10. [A Saudi-led military coalition bombards government buildings and residential neighborhoods in the Yemeni capital, Sana'a, killing about 30 people, including civilians. Rescuers continue searching for other possible victims buried under the rubble. ](/news/2015/09/19/a-saudi-led-military-coalition-bombards-government-buildings-and-residential-neighborhoods-in-the-yemeni-capital-sana-a-killing-about-30-p.md) _Context: Sanaa, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
