### [2014-09-10](/news/2014/09/10/index.md)

# Moro insurgency in the Philippines:Philippines President Benigno Aquino III submits a bill to the Congress of the Philippines that will give autonomy to Filipino Muslims in Bangsamoro and bring peace to Mindanao.




### Source:

1. [Channel News Asia](http://www.channelnewsasia.com/mobile/asiapacific/philippine-president/1355414.html)
2. [The New York Times](http://mobile.nytimes.com/2014/09/11/world/asia/philippine-bill-would-set-up-autonomous-region-in-muslim-dominated-south.html?referrer=)

### Related:

1. [Philippines President Benigno Aquino III distances himself from a botched raid against a terrorist, Zulkifli Abdhir, that killed around 50 people, including police officers and Abdhir, while pledging support for a peace process with the Moro people. Supreme Court Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno urges the public to continue to support the peace treaty. ](/news/2015/01/29/philippines-president-benigno-aquino-iii-distances-himself-from-a-botched-raid-against-a-terrorist-zulkifli-abdhir-that-killed-around-50-p.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, Filipino Muslims, Moro insurgency in the Philippines, Philippine_
2. [Human rights activists and families of the victims decry the lack of justice six years after the murder of around 58 people, including journalists and politicians,  in Maguindanao, Mindanao. They criticize the regime of Philippines President Benigno Aquino III for the lack of convictions in the trial. ](/news/2015/11/23/human-rights-activists-and-families-of-the-victims-decry-the-lack-of-justice-six-years-after-the-murder-of-around-58-people-including-journ.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, Mindanao, Philippine_
3. [Philippines signs a peace accord with the largest Muslim rebel group, the Moro Islamic Liberation Front, ending decades of conflict. The Comprehensive Agreement on Bangsamoro will pave way for autonomous Bangsamoro.  ](/news/2014/03/27/philippines-signs-a-peace-accord-with-the-largest-muslim-rebel-group-the-moro-islamic-liberation-front-ending-decades-of-conflict-the-com.md) _Context: Bangsamoro, Moro insurgency in the Philippines, bill_
4. [In a speech through Congress,  Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte asks the United States to return the iconic Balangiga bells taken during the Philippine-American War. ](/news/2017/07/24/in-a-speech-through-congress-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-asks-the-united-states-to-return-the-iconic-balangiga-bells-taken-during.md) _Context: Congress, Philippine_
5. [After seven hours of debate, the joint special session of the Congress of the Philippines votes 261-18 in favour of the motion to extend Proclamation No. 216 (martial law on the whole of Mindanao in response to the Marawi crisis), that was set to expire 10 PM Philippine Standard Time, until the end of the year. ](/news/2017/07/22/after-seven-hours-of-debate-the-joint-special-session-of-the-congress-of-the-philippines-votes-261a18-in-favour-of-the-motion-to-extend-p.md) _Context: Congress, Mindanao_
6. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte plans to appeal to the Congress of the Philippines to extend Proclamation No. 216 (martial law on the whole of Mindanao, which will end on 22 July 10 PM PST) until the end of 2017, due to constitutional constraints as well as the ongoing Marawi crisis. ](/news/2017/07/17/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-plans-to-appeal-to-the-congress-of-the-philippines-to-extend-proclamation-no-216-martial-law.md) _Context: Congress, Mindanao_
7. [A new set of kidnappings and a jail break plague Sulu province in the southern region of Mindanao in the Philippines. ](/news/2017/07/17/a-new-set-of-kidnappings-and-a-jail-break-plague-sulu-province-in-the-southern-region-of-mindanao-in-the-philippines.md) _Context: Mindanao, Philippine_
8. [The government of the Philippines and the Communist Party cancel peace talks after president Rodrigo Duterte declares martial law in Mindanao. ](/news/2017/05/28/the-government-of-the-philippines-and-the-communist-party-cancel-peace-talks-after-president-rodrigo-duterte-declares-martial-law-in-mindana.md) _Context: Mindanao, Philippine_
9. [A 6.8 earthquake strikes off the coast of Mindanao, Philippines triggering tsunami warnings. ](/news/2017/04/28/a-6-8-earthquake-strikes-off-the-coast-of-mindanao-philippines-triggering-tsunami-warnings.md) _Context: Mindanao, Philippine_
10. [A 6.5 magnitude earthquake strikes 14 kilometers (8 miles) northwest of Surigao City on the Philippines island of Mindanao and kills four people, injures  more than 100  others, and damages multiple buildings. ](/news/2017/02/10/a-6-5-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-14-kilometers-8-miles-northwest-of-surigao-city-on-the-philippines-island-of-mindanao-and-kills-four-pe.md) _Context: Mindanao, Philippine_
