### [2004-01-8](/news/2004/01/8/index.md)

#  Occupation of Iraq: Nine United States soldiers are reported killed after a Black Hawk helicopter makes an emergency landing near the central Iraqi town of Falluja.




### Related:

1. [ Occupation of Iraq: A US Blackhawk helicopter is brought down near Tikrit by Iraqi militants. The Daily Star Lebanon reports that the US is effectively plundering Iraq following the occupation. The daily average of attacks on US troops rises and reaches about 25-26 per day. 100,000 march against the occupation of Iraq in Washington DC.](/news/2003/10/25/occupation-of-iraq-a-us-blackhawk-helicopter-is-brought-down-near-tikrit-by-iraqi-militants-the-daily-star-lebanon-reports-that-the-us-is.md) _Context: Occupation of Iraq, UH-60 Black Hawk_
2. [A UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter reportedly crashed in Afghanistan, killing all four on board. ](/news/2012/04/19/a-uh-60-black-hawk-helicopter-reportedly-crashed-in-afghanistan-killing-all-four-on-board.md) _Context: UH-60 Black Hawk_
3. [ An investigation into the crash of a Black Hawk helicopter on HMAS "Kanimbla" that killed two concludes excessive loading on the engine caused it to lose power. ](/news/2008/06/29/an-investigation-into-the-crash-of-a-black-hawk-helicopter-on-hmas-kanimbla-that-killed-two-concludes-excessive-loading-on-the-engine-cau.md) _Context: UH-60 Black Hawk_
4. [ A United States Army UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter crashes in Santa Lucia di Piave, Italy, killing four people and injuring six. ](/news/2007/11/8/a-united-states-army-uh-60-black-hawk-helicopter-crashes-in-santa-lucia-di-piave-italy-killing-four-people-and-injuring-six.md) _Context: UH-60 Black Hawk_
5. [ Hurricane Katrina: Louisiana National Guard officials say repeated news reports by CNN on September 1, 2005 that shots were fired at a UH-60 Black Hawk military helicopter at the Louisiana Superdome were false. ](/news/2005/10/6/hurricane-katrina-louisiana-national-guard-officials-say-repeated-news-reports-by-cnn-on-september-1-2005-that-shots-were-fired-at-a-uh-6.md) _Context: UH-60 Black Hawk_
6. [ Occupation of Iraq: The Islamic extremist group Jaish Ansar al-Sunna has reportedly beheaded U.S. Marine Corporal Wassef Ali Hassoun. The group claims that it will release a videotape recording of the execution in the coming days. ](/news/2004/07/3/occupation-of-iraq-the-islamic-extremist-group-jaish-ansar-al-sunna-has-reportedly-beheaded-u-s-marine-corporal-wassef-ali-hassoun-the-g.md) _Context: Occupation of Iraq_
7. [ Occupation of Iraq: Four U.S. Army soldiers, including 1st. Lt. Jack M. Saville and Sgt. Tracy Perkins, are charged with offenses ranging up to involuntary manslaughter in the January 3 drowning death of an Iraqi detainee whom they reportedly forced to leap into the Tigris from atop a bridge in Samarra. ](/news/2004/07/2/occupation-of-iraq-four-u-s-army-soldiers-including-1st-lt-jack-m-saville-and-sgt-tracy-perkins-are-charged-with-offenses-ranging-u.md) _Context: Occupation of Iraq_
8. [ Iraq Occupation and resistance: The United States formally hands over legal custody of Saddam Hussein to the new Iraqi government. The trial of Saddam Hussein is expected to take place in January. ](/news/2004/06/30/iraq-occupation-and-resistance-the-united-states-formally-hands-over-legal-custody-of-saddam-hussein-to-the-new-iraqi-government-the-tria.md) _Context: Occupation of Iraq_
9. [ The first Dutch soldier dies in the occupation of Iraq. ](/news/2004/05/10/the-first-dutch-soldier-dies-in-the-occupation-of-iraq.md) _Context: Occupation of Iraq_
10. [ Occupation of Iraq: Suicide bombers in two vehicles killed 11 Iraqis and wounded 58 foreign troops and 44 Iraqis near the entrance to a Polish-manned coalition logistics base near the town of Hilla in central Iraq south of Baghdad. ](/news/2004/02/18/occupation-of-iraq-suicide-bombers-in-two-vehicles-killed-11-iraqis-and-wounded-58-foreign-troops-and-44-iraqis-near-the-entrance-to-a-pol.md) _Context: Occupation of Iraq_
