### [2004-01-8](/news/2004/01/8/index.md)

#  The New Jersey legislature passes a bill creating a domestic partnership status for same-sex couples, with many of the same legal rights as marriage. It becomes the fifth U.S. state to offer such a status to same-sex couples.




### Related:

1. [Amid a budget crisis, Governor Chris Christie shuts down the state government of New Jersey. ](/news/2017/07/1/amid-a-budget-crisis-governor-chris-christie-shuts-down-the-state-government-of-new-jersey.md) _Context: New Jersey_
2. [American voters in the state of New Jersey select party candidates to succeed term-limited incumbent Republican Chris Christie. Democrat Phil Murphy and Republican Kim Guadagno win nominations their parties' nominations. ](/news/2017/06/6/american-voters-in-the-state-of-new-jersey-select-party-candidates-to-succeed-term-limited-incumbent-republican-chris-christie-democrat-phi.md) _Context: New Jersey_
3. [Leo Varadkar becomes the new party leader of Fine Gael, after winning 51 of 73 votes in the parliamentary party, and is expected to become Taoiseach (Prime Minister) of Ireland, which would make him the youngest and first openly gay man to be Taoiseach, as well as being the first of half-Indian descent. ](/news/2017/06/2/leo-varadkar-becomes-the-new-party-leader-of-fine-gael-after-winning-51-of-73-votes-in-the-parliamentary-party-and-is-expected-to-become-t.md) _Context: gay_
4. [Leo Varadkar becomes the first gay Taoiseach of the Republic of Ireland. ](/news/2017/06/14/leo-varadkar-becomes-the-first-gay-taoiseach-of-the-republic-of-ireland.md) _Context: gay_
5. [Newark Liberty International Airport in northern New Jersey is closed for almost two hours after flames are spotted coming from a United Airlines Boeing 757 jet engine. All 124 passengers and seven crew members safely evacuate the plane. ](/news/2017/05/23/newark-liberty-international-airport-in-northern-new-jersey-is-closed-for-almost-two-hours-after-flames-are-spotted-coming-from-a-united-air.md) _Context: New Jersey_
6. [A Philadelphia-originating Learjet crashes in Carlstadt as it approached Teterboro Airport in New Jersey, killing at least two people. ](/news/2017/05/15/a-philadelphia-originating-learjet-crashes-in-carlstadt-as-it-approached-teterboro-airport-in-new-jersey-killing-at-least-two-people.md) _Context: New Jersey_
7. [Russian authorities arrest more than 100 gay men in Chechnya, including television personalities and religious figures, for "nontraditional sexual orientation." The "Novaya Gazeta" newspaper reported that three of the arrested men have been killed, while others reportedly were released for family honor killing. Chechen Republic leader Ramzan Kadyrov's spokesperson said this report contains "absolute lies and disinformation" since there are no homosexuals in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/04/3/russian-authorities-arrest-more-than-100-gay-men-in-chechnya-including-television-personalities-and-religious-figures-for-nontraditional.md) _Context: gay_
8. [A commuter train accident at the Hoboken Terminal in New Jersey leaves one woman dead and 114 others injured. Major structural damage occurs to the station with portions of the roof collapsed. ](/news/2016/09/29/a-commuter-train-accident-at-the-hoboken-terminal-in-new-jersey-leaves-one-woman-dead-and-114-others-injured-major-structural-damage-occurs.md) _Context: New Jersey_
9. [Voters go to the polls in six states, including California and New Jersey, with Hillary Clinton gaining enough delegates to become the presumptive nominee of the Democratic Party. She will be the first woman nominee by a major party to run for President of the United States. ](/news/2016/06/7/voters-go-to-the-polls-in-six-states-including-california-and-new-jersey-with-hillary-clinton-gaining-enough-delegates-to-become-the-presu.md) _Context: New Jersey_
10. [ Michelle Lodzinski is convicted of murdering her five-year-old son Timothy Wiltsey 25 years ago in New Jersey. ](/news/2016/05/18/michelle-lodzinski-is-convicted-of-murdering-her-five-year-old-son-timothy-wiltsey-25-years-ago-in-new-jersey.md) _Context: New Jersey_
