### [2007-09-13](/news/2007/09/13/index.md)

#  2007 Atlantic hurricane season: Tropical Storm Ingrid forms in the Atlantic Ocean 800 miles from the outer Caribbean islands. 




### Source:

1. [Bradenton Herald](http://www.bradenton.com/breakingnews/story/146211.html)

### Related:

1. [ Hurricanes and tropical storms: 2007 Atlantic hurricane season: Tropical Storm Felix forms over the Windward Islands of the Caribbean and becomes Hurricane Felix. Aruba, Bonaire and Curacao have storm warnings in place and Jamaica has a tropical storm watch. ](/news/2007/09/1/hurricanes-and-tropical-storms-p-2007-atlantic-hurricane-season-tropical-storm-felix-forms-over-the-windward-islands-of-the-caribbean-and.md) _Context: 2007 Atlantic hurricane season, Caribbean_
2. [ Tropical Storm Vince, the 20th named storm of the season (making the current Atlantic hurricane season the 2nd most active since recording first took place) is gaining hurricane strength while heading towards Europe. It is unusual for such a storm to form so far east in the Atlantic Ocean, and more so gaining hurricane strength, since the waters are much cooler than in the Caribbean area. ](/news/2005/10/9/tropical-storm-vince-the-20th-named-storm-of-the-season-making-the-current-atlantic-hurricane-season-the-2nd-most-active-since-recording.md) _Context: Atlantic Ocean, Caribbean_
3. [The U.S.  National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration says warm ocean waters could fuel an above-normal Atlantic hurricane season. The forecast calls for 11 to 17 named storms with five to nine hurricanes, warmer-than-average waters across the tropical Atlantic Ocean and Caribbean Sea, and  a weak or nonexistent El Nino. ](/news/2017/05/25/the-u-s-national-oceanic-and-atmospheric-administration-says-warm-ocean-waters-could-fuel-an-above-normal-atlantic-hurricane-season-the-f.md) _Context: Atlantic Ocean_
4. [U.S. President Barack Obama and Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau jointly ban offshore oil drilling in the Arctic Ocean and parts of the Atlantic coast. ](/news/2016/12/20/u-s-president-barack-obama-and-canadian-prime-minister-justin-trudeau-jointly-ban-offshore-oil-drilling-in-the-arctic-ocean-and-parts-of-th.md) _Context: Atlantic Ocean_
5. [The World Meteorological Organization (WMO) confirms a 19-meter wave (62.4 feet) recorded  on 4 February 2013 in the Atlantic Ocean between Iceland and the United Kingdom is the largest ever on record. ](/news/2016/12/13/the-world-meteorological-organization-wmo-confirms-a-19-meter-wave-62-4-feet-recorded-on-4-february-2013-in-the-atlantic-ocean-between.md) _Context: Atlantic Ocean_
6. [SpaceX successfully launches Japanese communication satellite JCSAT-16 into geostationary orbit from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. The Falcon 9 Full Thrust rocket used to place the satellite in orbit successfully landed on an autonomous spaceport drone ship in the Atlantic Ocean. ](/news/2016/08/14/spacex-successfully-launches-japanese-communication-satellite-jcsat-16-into-geostationary-orbit-from-cape-canaveral-air-force-station-in-flo.md) _Context: Atlantic Ocean_
7. [Solar Impulse 2, a plane powered only by the sun, leaves New York on the 15th leg of its round-the-world journey,  a 90-hour flight over the Atlantic Ocean to Western Europe. ](/news/2016/06/20/solar-impulse-2-a-plane-powered-only-by-the-sun-leaves-new-york-on-the-15th-leg-of-its-round-the-world-journey-a-90-hour-flight-over-the.md) _Context: Atlantic Ocean_
8. [Two United States Navy FA-18's crash in the Atlantic Ocean near the Outer Banks off the coast of the US state of North Carolina. The four pilots safely ejected from the planes and are being examined in Sentara Norfolk General Hospital in Virginia. ](/news/2016/05/26/two-united-states-navy-fa-18-s-crash-in-the-atlantic-ocean-near-the-outer-banks-off-the-coast-of-the-us-state-of-north-carolina-the-four-pi.md) _Context: Atlantic Ocean_
9. [The first cruise ship in more than a half-century bound for Havana from the United States leaves Miami, Florida, at about 4:24 p.m. EDT. Carnival Cruise Line's 704-passenger Adonia was able to set sail for the  northern Caribbean country after  Cuba,  April 22, loosened its policy banning Cuban-born people from traveling to the country by sea. ](/news/2016/05/1/the-first-cruise-ship-in-more-than-a-half-century-bound-for-havana-from-the-united-states-leaves-miami-florida-at-about-4-24-p-m-edt-car.md) _Context: Caribbean_
10. [A United Nations commission rules in favour of Argentina to expand its maritime territory in the South Atlantic Ocean by 35% to include the Falkland Islands and beyond despite Argentina and the United Kingdom still having an unresolved dispute over the islands. ](/news/2016/03/29/a-united-nations-commission-rules-in-favour-of-argentina-to-expand-its-maritime-territory-in-the-south-atlantic-ocean-by-35-to-include-the.md) _Context: Atlantic Ocean_
