### [2007-09-13](/news/2007/09/13/index.md)

#  Alexis Debat, a consultant for ABC News and writer at ''The National Interest'', alleged expert on terrorism, is forced to resign after  ''Rue 89'' revealed that he made two bogus interviews, one with Barack Obama and another with Alan Greenspan. 




### Source:

1. [Rue 89](http://www.rue89.com/2007/09/13/apres-la-fausse-interview-dobama-celle-de-greenspan)
2. [Rue 89](http://www.rue89.com/2007/09/05/une-fausse-interview-dobama-dans-politique-internationale)
3. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2007/09/12/AR2007091202333.html?sub=AR)

### Related:

1. [United States President Barack Obama signs the National Defense Authorization Act into law allowing the indefinite imprisonment of any United States citizen under suspect of terrorism without need of trial. ](/news/2011/12/31/united-states-president-barack-obama-signs-the-national-defense-authorization-act-into-law-allowing-the-indefinite-imprisonment-of-any-unite.md) _Context: Barack Obama, terrorism_
2. [ABC News reports that President Barack Obama will nominate the United States Secretary of Commerce Gary Locke as the next United States ambassador to the People's Republic of China. ](/news/2011/03/7/abc-news-reports-that-president-barack-obama-will-nominate-the-united-states-secretary-of-commerce-gary-locke-as-the-next-united-states-amba.md) _Context: ABC News, Barack Obama_
3. [ United States President Barack Obama announces that Central Intelligence Agency personnel who employed enhanced interrogation techniques on terrorism suspects will not be prosecuted. ](/news/2009/04/19/united-states-president-barack-obama-announces-that-central-intelligence-agency-personnel-who-employed-enhanced-interrogation-techniques-on.md) _Context: Barack Obama, terrorism_
4. [ President George W. Bush bids farewell to the United States in a 15-minute televised address, during which he touted his record and warned his successor, Barack Obama, to maintain an aggressive stance against terrorism. ](/news/2009/01/15/president-george-w-bush-bids-farewell-to-the-united-states-in-a-15-minute-televised-address-during-which-he-touted-his-record-and-warned.md) _Context: Barack Obama, terrorism_
5. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: terrorism_
6. [  A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-two-other-passengers-are-injured-a-p.md) _Context: terrorism_
7. [U.S. President Donald Trump accuses former President Barack Obama of wiretapping Trump Tower the month before the 2016 presidential election but offers no evidence to support his claim. A spokesman for President Obama rejects these claims. ](/news/2017/03/4/u-s-president-donald-trump-accuses-former-president-barack-obama-of-wiretapping-trump-tower-the-month-before-the-2016-presidential-election.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
8. [United States Secretary of State Rex Tillerson says he thinks the longer term status of president Bashar al-Assad is to be "decided by the Syrian people". This appears as a policy shift, since under president Barack Obama's administration, the United States made the departure of Assad a key policy aim. ](/news/2017/03/30/united-states-secretary-of-state-rex-tillerson-says-he-thinks-the-longer-term-status-of-president-bashar-al-assad-is-to-be-decided-by-the-s.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
9. [U.S. President Trump signs an executive order undoing former President Obama's climate change policies. ](/news/2017/03/28/u-s-president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-undoing-former-president-obama-s-climate-change-policies.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
10. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
