### [2007-09-13](/news/2007/09/13/index.md)

#  Hurricane Humberto makes landfall on the southeast Texas coast near the Louisiana border. 




### Source:

1. [AFP](http://afp.google.com/article/ALeqM5gVuF90MntClPYAPva0SEiyT5SqQg)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/6992692.stm)
3. [CBS via Topix](http://www.topix.net/content/cbs/2007/09/humberto-weakens-after-blasting-texas-2)

### Related:

1. [Severe storms, from the weather system that hit Southern California Friday, reach southwest Texas injuring several people and damaging at least 100 homes with one confirmed tornado in San Antonio. Heavy rains continue today with flash floods likely as the storm moves to eastern Texas and southern Louisiana. ](/news/2017/02/20/severe-storms-from-the-weather-system-that-hit-southern-california-friday-reach-southwest-texas-injuring-several-people-and-damaging-at-le.md) _Context: Louisiana, Texas_
2. [At least nine people are injured in severe storms that spawned multiple tornado touchdowns in northeastern Oklahoma and sections of the Southwestern United States. One patient is in critical condition; the others suffered serious injuries, according to the Emergency Medical Services Authority. Parts of Texas, Louisiana, and Arkansas are also impacted. A flash flood watch has been issued through Thursday evening. Two (2) to 4 inches of rain is expected, with perhaps 6 inches in some locations. ](/news/2016/03/30/at-least-nine-people-are-injured-in-severe-storms-that-spawned-multiple-tornado-touchdowns-in-northeastern-oklahoma-and-sections-of-the-sout.md) _Context: Louisiana, Texas_
3. [Six people have been killed in Louisiana, Texas, and Oklahoma, with two Mississippi fishermen missing, in this week's flooding in the America's Deep South. More than 24 inches of rain has fallen in some of the hardest-hit areas with more rain today that is expected to lead to additional flooding later this week. ](/news/2016/03/13/six-people-have-been-killed-in-louisiana-texas-and-oklahoma-with-two-mississippi-fishermen-missing-in-this-week-s-flooding-in-the-americ.md) _Context: Louisiana, Texas_
4. [London-based BP agrees, pending court approval, to pay $US18.7 billion to compensate the United States government and the five Gulf Coast states--Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas--for damages stemming from the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill. The settlement includes a civil penalty of $US5.5 billion under the Clean Water Act. ](/news/2015/07/2/london-based-bp-agrees-pending-court-approval-to-pay-us18-7-billion-to-compensate-the-united-states-government-and-the-five-gulf-coast-st.md) _Context: Louisiana, Texas_
5. [A moderate severe weather outbreak pounds several southern U.S. states on Christmas Day, including Texas, Alabama, Mississippi and Louisiana. More than 30 tornadoes are reported as the storms leave at least six people dead. The system is expected to move northeast and affect the East Coast with high winds and heavy snowfall. ](/news/2012/12/26/a-moderate-severe-weather-outbreak-pounds-several-southern-u-s-states-on-christmas-day-including-texas-alabama-mississippi-and-louisiana.md) _Context: Louisiana, Texas_
6. [Tar balls from the Gulf oil disaster reach Louisiana's Lake Pontchartrain and the shores of Texas near Galveston, on day 77 of the disaster. ](/news/2010/07/5/tar-balls-from-the-gulf-oil-disaster-reach-louisianaas-lake-pontchartrain-and-the-shores-of-texas-near-galveston-on-day-77-of-the-disaste.md) _Context: Louisiana, Texas_
7. [ Hurricane Rita makes landfall as a Category 3 hurricane on the Texas - Louisiana border at 2:38 a.m. CDT . The storm was downgraded within four hours to Category 2. As of 10 p.m. CDT (0300 UTC, September 25), the center of Tropical Depression Rita was located on land 40 miles (65 km) north of Shreveport, Louisiana. Rita was moving north at 10 mph (16 km/h) with maximum sustained winds of 35 mph (55 km/h) ([http://www.cnn.com/2005/WEATHER/09/24/rita/ CNN])](/news/2005/09/24/hurricane-rita-makes-landfall-as-a-category-3-hurricane-on-the-texas-louisiana-border-at-2-38-a-m-cdt-the-storm-was-downgraded-within.md) _Context: Louisiana, Texas_
8. [ 2004 Atlantic hurricane season: The storm formerly known as Hurricane Ivan, now a tropical depression, makes landfall near the Texas-Louisiana border late Thursday night, with maximum sustained winds of 35&nbsp;mph. ](/news/2004/09/24/2004-atlantic-hurricane-season-the-storm-formerly-known-as-hurricane-ivan-now-a-tropical-depression-makes-landfall-near-the-texasaloui.md) _Context: Louisiana, Texas_
9. [Qatar announces it will donate USD$ 30 million to help people in Texas recover from Harvey. ](/news/2017/09/7/qatar-announces-it-will-donate-usd-30-million-to-help-people-in-texas-recover-from-harvey.md) _Context: Texas_
10. [Tropical storm Harvey (hurricane earlier this month) makes its second landfall, this time in the U.S. state of Louisiana. "The New York Times" reports local officials say the death toll since last Friday is now 38. Moving northeast, Harvey is expected to gradually weaken to a tropical depression by tonight. ](/news/2017/08/30/tropical-storm-harvey-hurricane-earlier-this-month-makes-its-second-landfall-this-time-in-the-u-s-state-of-louisiana-the-new-york-time.md) _Context: Louisiana_
