### [2017-09-12](/news/2017/09/12/index.md)

# Bangladeshi Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina accuses the Burmese government of "atrocities" against the Rohingya people and calls for these alleged atrocities to stop. 

&quot;We want peace and a friendly relation with neighbouring countries...(but) we cannot allow and accept any kind of unjust and our protest will continue to this end,&quot; Hasina said after visiting a Rohingya refugee camp near the border town of Ukhiya in Cox&#039;s Bazar district 


### Source:

1. [The Indian Express](http://indianexpress.com/article/world/bangladesh-pm-sheikh-hasina-accuses-myanmar-of-committing-atrocities-on-rohingyas-4840345/)

### Related:

1. [Bangladesh accuses the Myanmar Army of laying landmines on the border between both countries to prevent the return of fleeing Rohingya refugees. Myanmar denies the Bangladeshi claims. ](/news/2017/09/6/bangladesh-accuses-the-myanmar-army-of-laying-landmines-on-the-border-between-both-countries-to-prevent-the-return-of-fleeing-rohingya-refug.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Burmese, Rohingya_
2. [More than 123,000 Rohingya refugees have fled Myanmar and crossed into Bangladesh due to escalating violence by the Myanmar Army. ](/news/2017/09/5/more-than-123-000-rohingya-refugees-have-fled-myanmar-and-crossed-into-bangladesh-due-to-escalating-violence-by-the-myanmar-army.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Burmese, Rohingya_
3. [Bangladesh announces plans to build refugee camps the size of small cities to house nearly 400,000 Rohingya refugees. ](/news/2017/09/16/bangladesh-announces-plans-to-build-refugee-camps-the-size-of-small-cities-to-house-nearly-400-000-rohingya-refugees.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Rohingya, Rohingya refugees in Bangladesh_
4. [Twenty-six bodies of women and children are recovered after three boats carrying ethnic Rohingya fleeing violence in Myanmar sink in the Naf River in Bangladesh's Cox's Bazar District. ](/news/2017/08/31/twenty-six-bodies-of-women-and-children-are-recovered-after-three-boats-carrying-ethnic-rohingya-fleeing-violence-in-myanmar-sink-in-the-naf.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Burmese, Rohingya_
5. [Dozens of Rohingya Muslims fleeing renewed violence in Rakhine State are detained by Bangladeshi and Burmese authorities after they attempt to cross the border from Myanmar to Bangladesh. Many were en route to Kutupalong Refugee Camp, a refugee camp in Ukhia, Bangladesh, mostly inhabited by Rohingya refugees. ](/news/2017/08/27/dozens-of-rohingya-muslims-fleeing-renewed-violence-in-rakhine-state-are-detained-by-bangladeshi-and-burmese-authorities-after-they-attempt.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Burmese, Rohingya_
6. [ Julie Bishop, the Foreign Minister of Australia, says that Indonesia has advised that most of the people who have traveled to South East Asia by boat are from Bangladesh, not Rohingya from Myanmar. ](/news/2015/05/23/julie-bishop-the-foreign-minister-of-australia-says-that-indonesia-has-advised-that-most-of-the-people-who-have-traveled-to-south-east-as.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Burmese, Rohingya_
7. [Government officials in Myanmar report that 12 security personnel (ten policemen, one soldier and one immigration officer) and 59 Rohingya insurgents were killed overnight during coordinated attacks by insurgents on at least 26 police posts and an army base in Rakhine State. ](/news/2017/08/25/government-officials-in-myanmar-report-that-12-security-personnel-ten-policemen-one-soldier-and-one-immigration-officer-and-59-rohingya-i.md) _Context: Burmese, Rohingya_
8. [A mob of at least a hundred Rakhine Buddhists in Sittwe, Rakhine State, Myanmar, attack seven Rohingya men from Dapaing Camp for internally displaced persons, killing one and severely injuring another. The Rohingya men were being escorted by police to Sittwe's docks to purchase boats, but were attacked despite armed guards being present. ](/news/2017/07/4/a-mob-of-at-least-a-hundred-rakhine-buddhists-in-sittwe-rakhine-state-myanmar-attack-seven-rohingya-men-from-dapaing-camp-for-internally.md) _Context: Burmese, Rohingya_
9. [The United Nations Human Rights Council releases a report detailing mass atrocities by the military and police forces against Myanmar's Rohingya minority, including gang-rapes, mass killings, and possible ethnic cleansing, which could amount to crimes against humanity. ](/news/2017/02/3/the-united-nations-human-rights-council-releases-a-report-detailing-mass-atrocities-by-the-military-and-police-forces-against-myanmar-s-rohi.md) _Context: Burmese, Rohingya_
10. [Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak leads a protest rally against the persecution of Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority in the predominately Buddhist country, and calls on Myanmar State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi and the United Nations to address the Rohingya's plight and end the violence. Myanmar's president's office said the rally is timed for Malaysian political purposes, and that Malaysia should respect the Association of Southeast Asian Nations's principle on sovereignty. ](/news/2016/12/4/malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-leads-a-protest-rally-against-the-persecution-of-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority-in-the-predominatel.md) _Context: Burmese, Rohingya_
