### [2010-08-3](/news/2010/08/3/index.md)

# Ecuador says it will not drill for oil in the Yasuni National Park for at least a decade after being provided with $3.6 billion (PS2.26 billion) - half the money it would receive from selling the oil - in a deal signed with the United Nations. 

Ecuador promises not to drill for oil in a pristine Amazon reserve in return for $3.6bn (£2.26bn) from donor countries.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-latin-america-10861415)

### Related:

1. [The United Nations World Food Programme announces it is stepping up assistance to Ecuador's most vulnerable areas following an earthquake that killed over 650 people. ](/news/2016/04/25/the-united-nations-world-food-programme-announces-it-is-stepping-up-assistance-to-ecuadoras-most-vulnerable-areas-following-an-earthquake.md) _Context: Ecuador, United Nations_
2. [Ecuador vows to protect the Yasuni National Park in the Amazon basin after international donors contribute $100 million to a protection fund. ](/news/2011/12/30/ecuador-vows-to-protect-the-yasuni-national-park-in-the-amazon-basin-after-international-donors-contribute-100-million-to-a-protection-fund.md) _Context: Ecuador, Yasuni National Park_
3. [The United Nations announces expansion of civilian camps for people fleeing Mosul, following resumption of airstrikes  on ISIL-held portions of the Iraqi city. ](/news/2017/04/4/the-united-nations-announces-expansion-of-civilian-camps-for-people-fleeing-mosul-following-resumption-of-airstrikes-on-isil-held-portions.md) _Context: United Nations_
4. [Voters in Ecuador return to the polls for the second round of a presidential election, which Lenin Moreno of the socialist PAIS Alliance is predicted to narrowly win over the center-right Creating Opportunities's Guillermo Lasso. With 94.18% of the votes counted, Moreno leads with 51.07%. According to the national election commission, it was a transparent and successful election. ](/news/2017/04/2/voters-in-ecuador-return-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-a-presidential-election-which-lenan-moreno-of-the-socialist-pais-alliance-is.md) _Context: Ecuador_
5. [At least 17 new mass graves are discovered  by United Nations investigators in Kasai-Central, Democratic Republic of the Congo, mostly around the town of Tshimbulu. ](/news/2017/04/19/at-least-17-new-mass-graves-are-discovered-by-united-nations-investigators-in-kasaa-central-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-mostly-arou.md) _Context: United Nations_
6. [At least 110 people have died of starvation in the drought-hit region of Bay, Somalia, in the past 48 hours, according to Prime Minister Hassan Ali Khayre. This comes as the United Nations and various non-governmental organizations are warning of potential famine in the country. ](/news/2017/03/4/at-least-110-people-have-died-of-starvation-in-the-drought-hit-region-of-bay-somalia-in-the-past-48-hours-according-to-prime-minister-has.md) _Context: United Nations_
7. [The United Nations drop sanctions on Gulbuddin Hekmatyar after his Hezb-e Islami faction and the Afghan government reached a deal in September. Hekmatyar is granted immunity in exchange for his abandoning violence and supporting the Constitution of Afghanistan. ](/news/2017/02/4/the-united-nations-drop-sanctions-on-gulbuddin-hekmatyar-after-his-hezb-e-islami-faction-and-the-afghan-government-reached-a-deal-in-septemb.md) _Context: United Nations_
8. [The United Nations and various humanitarian groups call on the international community to help prevent a possible famine in Somalia as rising food prices and drought have left over six million people at risk of starvation. ](/news/2017/02/3/the-united-nations-and-various-humanitarian-groups-call-on-the-international-community-to-help-prevent-a-possible-famine-in-somalia-as-risin.md) _Context: United Nations_
9. [Per the Afghan government's request, the United Nations drops sanctions against Hezb-e Islami party leader and former Prime Minister Gulbuddin Hekmatyar. This potentially sets up his return to Afghanistan, which is   part of the  country's peace deal with its second largest militant group, signed in September 2016. ](/news/2017/02/3/per-the-afghan-government-s-request-the-united-nations-drops-sanctions-against-hezb-e-islami-party-leader-and-former-prime-minister-gulbudd.md) _Context: United Nations_
10. [The World Food Programme (WFP) and other United Nations agencies declare that there is a famine in parts of Unity State, South Sudan, with 100,000 facing starvation and another million on the brink of famine. ](/news/2017/02/20/the-world-food-programme-wfp-and-other-united-nations-agencies-declare-that-there-is-a-famine-in-parts-of-unity-state-south-sudan-with-1.md) _Context: United Nations_
