### [2010-08-3](/news/2010/08/3/index.md)

# President of Pakistan Asif Ali Zardari arrives in the United Kingdom upon a five-day visit as the two countries disagree over David Cameron's remarks on "the export of terror". 




### Source:

1. [Aljazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/europe/2010/08/20108382520536337.html)

### Related:

1. [Pakistani intelligence officials cancel a planned visit to the United Kingdom after British Prime Minister David Cameron warned Pakistan to avoid links with groups that "promote the export of terror". However, a visit by President Asif Ali Zardari will go ahead. ](/news/2010/07/31/pakistani-intelligence-officials-cancel-a-planned-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-after-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-warned-pakistan-to.md) _Context: Asif Ali Zardari, Britain, David Cameron_
2. [Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 2016. The process to elect a new leader of the Conservative Party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron begins in the United Kingdom. The Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Stephen Crabb is the first Conservative Party politician to announce his official candidacy for leader. ](/news/2016/06/29/conservative-party-uk-leadership-election-2016-the-process-to-elect-a-new-leader-of-the-conservative-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-min.md) _Context: Britain, David Cameron_
3. [United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016. The United Kingdom votes, 52% to 48%, to leave the European Union. Prime Minister David Cameron, who called the referendum three years ago, announces his resignation indicating he will leave office by October. ](/news/2016/06/24/united-kingdom-european-union-membership-referendum-2016-the-united-kingdom-votes-52-to-48-to-leave-the-european-union-prime-minister.md) _Context: Britain, David Cameron_
4. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union. U.S. President Barack Obama, in an op-ed in London's "Daily Telegraph", urges Britons to keep the U.K. in the European Union. Tomorrow, Obama is scheduled to have lunch with Prince Philip and Queen Elizabeth, who celebrated her 90th birthday today. He then will hold talks with Prime Minister David Cameron. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-u-s-president-barack-obama-in-an-op-ed-in-london-s-daily-telegraph-urges-britons-to.md) _Context: Britain, David Cameron_
5. [Former President Pervez Musharraf travels to Dubai for medical treatment of his back and leg, before moving on to either the U.S. or U.K. for additional treatment, spokesperson Aasia Ishaque said. Musharraf, 72, will return to Pakistan to face all pending legal cases. Earlier this week, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif-s government implemented the Supreme Court ruling, and lifted the 2013 ban that barred Musharraf from international trips. ](/news/2016/03/18/former-president-pervez-musharraf-travels-to-dubai-for-medical-treatment-of-his-back-and-leg-before-moving-on-to-either-the-u-s-or-u-k-fo.md) _Context: Britain, President_
6. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union. The United Kingdom's Prime Minister David Cameron announces he will suspend collective responsibility ahead of the referendum on the country's EU membership, allowing ministers to campaign for the UK to leave the European Union. A member of his cabinet was reportedly due to resign over the issue within 24 hours. ](/news/2016/01/5/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-the-united-kingdom-s-prime-minister-david-cameron-announces-he-will-suspend-collective-re.md) _Context: Britain, David Cameron_
7. [Military intervention against ISIL. British Prime Minister David Cameron, in a speech to the House of Commons says that Islamic extremists have already threatened citizens of the United Kingdom and UK military airstrikes against ISIL in Syria will serve only to make the UK safer. Cameron also says that the UK cannot outsource its security and must stand by France in the wake of the November 2015 Paris attacks. ](/news/2015/11/26/military-intervention-against-isil-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-in-a-speech-to-the-house-of-commons-says-that-islamic-extremists-h.md) _Context: Britain, David Cameron_
8. [British Prime Minister David Cameron sets out his four-point EU re-negotiation agenda, including a demand to end Britain's obligations to EU's "ever closer union". ](/news/2015/11/10/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-sets-out-his-four-point-eu-re-negotiation-agenda-including-a-demand-to-end-britain-s-obligations-to-eu.md) _Context: Britain, David Cameron_
9. [Syrian Civil War. Military intervention against ISIL. U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron confirms that two ISIS militants, UK citizens, Reyaad Khan and Ruhul Amin, were killed in Syria when a British drone attack hit their car on August 21, 2015. Both Khan and Amin had appeared in an ISIS recruitment video last year. They are alleged to have been plotting a terrorist attack on the UK. ](/news/2015/09/8/syrian-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-u-k-prime-minister-david-cameron-confirms-that-two-isis-militants-uk-citizens-reyaa.md) _Context: Britain, David Cameron_
10. [David Cameron, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, outlines who will be able to vote in the referendum on the United Kingdom remaining a member of the European Union with the vote restricted to those eligible to vote in British elections rather than European Parliament elections. ](/news/2015/05/25/david-cameron-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-outlines-who-will-be-able-to-vote-in-the-referendum-on-the-united-kingdom-remaining.md) _Context: Britain, David Cameron_
