### [2010-08-3](/news/2010/08/3/index.md)

# The United States' Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) posts a letter to the offices of online encyclopedia project Wikipedia, threatening fines and imprisonments over what it claims is the "particularly problematic" use of the agency's seal. 

A row has broken out between Wikipedia and the FBI over the use of the agency logo.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-10851394)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2010/TECH/web/08/03/fbi.seal.wikipedia/index.html?eref=rss_topstories)
3. [Vanity Fair](http://www.vanityfair.com/online/daily/2010/08/today-in-intelligence-the-fbi-picks-a-fight-with-wikipedia.html)

### Related:

1. [In the United States, Suffolk County police ask the FBI for more help in their investigation of a possible serial killer who preyed on prostitutes and left their bodies strewn along a Long Island beach in New York. Ten bodies were found along an isolated stretch of the South Shore's Gilgo Beach between December 2010 and April 2011. ](/news/2015/12/10/in-the-united-states-suffolk-county-police-ask-the-fbi-for-more-help-in-their-investigation-of-a-possible-serial-killer-who-preyed-on-prost.md) _Context: Federal Bureau of Investigation, United States_
2. [The United States FBI foils an alleged plot by  white supremacists in Virginia who were  planning  a reign of terror -- shooting or bombing religious institutions, robbing jewelers and armored cars, purchasing land, stockpiling weapons, and training for the "coming race war." ](/news/2015/11/10/the-united-states-fbi-foils-an-alleged-plot-by-white-supremacists-in-virginia-who-were-planning-a-reign-of-terror-a-shooting-or-bombing.md) _Context: Federal Bureau of Investigation, United States_
3. [The United States Federal Bureau of Investigation announces that it has arrested 13 members of the Mafia in the city of Philadelphia in relation to an illegal gambling operation. ](/news/2011/06/6/the-united-states-federal-bureau-of-investigation-announces-that-it-has-arrested-13-members-of-the-mafia-in-the-city-of-philadelphia-in-rela.md) _Context: Federal Bureau of Investigation, United States_
4. [American billionaire Louis Bacon wins a judgement in the United Kingdom against Wikipedia, the ''Denver Post'' and WordPress about disclosure of identities of people who published allegedly defamatory comments although the judgement does not apply in the United States. ](/news/2011/05/9/american-billionaire-louis-bacon-wins-a-judgement-in-the-united-kingdom-against-wikipedia-the-denver-post-and-wordpress-about-disclosur.md) _Context: United States, Wikipedia_
5. [WikiLeaks reveals that the United States Federal Bureau of Investigation had launched an investigation of a previously unknown group of men believed to be involved in the September 11 attacks. ](/news/2011/02/2/wikileaks-reveals-that-the-united-states-federal-bureau-of-investigation-had-launched-an-investigation-of-a-previously-unknown-group-of-men.md) _Context: Federal Bureau of Investigation, United States_
6. [An analysis of the FBI's scientific work in the investigation of the 2001 anthrax attacks on the United States finds that the Bureau overstated the strength of the links to a supply held by Bruce Ivins. ](/news/2011/02/15/an-analysis-of-the-fbi-s-scientific-work-in-the-investigation-of-the-2001-anthrax-attacks-on-the-united-states-finds-that-the-bureau-oversta.md) _Context: Federal Bureau of Investigation, United States_
7. [United States Federal Bureau of Investigation agents arrest dozens of Puerto Rico police officers accused of aiding drug traffickers. ](/news/2010/10/6/united-states-federal-bureau-of-investigation-agents-arrest-dozens-of-puerto-rico-police-officers-accused-of-aiding-drug-traffickers.md) _Context: Federal Bureau of Investigation, United States_
8. [A federal jury convicts former Governor of Illinois Rod Blagojevich on one count of lying to the United States Federal Bureau of Investigation. The jury is deadlocked on the other 23 charges. ](/news/2010/08/17/a-federal-jury-convicts-former-governor-of-illinois-rod-blagojevich-on-one-count-of-lying-to-the-united-states-federal-bureau-of-investigati.md) _Context: Federal Bureau of Investigation, United States_
9. [A decade-long manhunt orchestrated by the United States Federal Bureau of Investigation ends with the capture of Jose Figueroa Agosto in San Juan, Puerto Rico. ](/news/2010/07/18/a-decade-long-manhunt-orchestrated-by-the-united-states-federal-bureau-of-investigation-ends-with-the-capture-of-josa-c-figueroa-agosto-in-sa.md) _Context: Federal Bureau of Investigation, United States_
10. [Spanish politician Gaspar Llamazares says the United States's Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) use of his photo in its "shameless" digital manipulation of Osama Bin Laden for a wanted poster, has left him insecure and worried about travelling to the United States in future. ](/news/2010/01/16/spanish-politician-gaspar-llamazares-says-the-united-states-s-federal-bureau-of-investigation-fbi-use-of-his-photo-in-its-shameless-digi.md) _Context: Federal Bureau of Investigation, United States_
