### [2010-08-3](/news/2010/08/3/index.md)

# The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) and the Center for Constitutional Rights (CCR) both sue the United States (US) after it bans lawyers from a case taken by the father of Muslim cleric Anwar al-Awlaki against the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), which has labelled him a "specially designated global terrorist". 

A civil rights group files a legal challenge to obtain a licence to represent Muslim cleric Anwar al-Awlaki in a case against the CIA.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-10855869)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSTRE6724LQ20100803?type=domesticNews)

### Related:

1. [The United States places U.S.-born Muslim cleric Anwar al-Awlaki on its "terror blacklist". ](/news/2010/07/16/the-united-states-places-u-s-born-muslim-cleric-anwar-al-awlaki-on-its-terror-blacklist.md) _Context: Anwar al-Awlaki, Muslim, U.S._
2. [WikiLeaks releases thousands of documents that it claims provides details of surveillance software used by the United States Central Intelligence Agency. ](/news/2017/03/7/wikileaks-releases-thousands-of-documents-that-it-claims-provides-details-of-surveillance-software-used-by-the-united-states-central-intelli.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, U.S._
3. [The Kremlin arrests four people, Kaspersky Lab's  Ruslan Stoyanov, and  three officials in the Federal Security Service (FSB previously KGB) Center for Information Security, reportedly on treason charges for passing information to  America's CIA. ](/news/2017/01/31/the-kremlin-arrests-four-people-kaspersky-lab-s-ruslan-stoyanov-and-three-officials-in-the-federal-security-service-fsb-previously-kgb.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, U.S._
4. [The prime ministers of Britain and France joined condemnation around the globe  of U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump's call for a "total and complete ban" on Muslims entering the United States. ](/news/2015/12/8/the-prime-ministers-of-britain-and-france-joined-condemnation-around-the-globe-of-u-s-republican-presidential-candidate-donald-trumpas-c.md) _Context: Muslim, U.S._
5. [The ''Detroit Free Press'' reports, following this week's election, Hamtramck, Michigan, will apparently be the first city in the United States to be governed by Muslims, three of Bangladeshi descent and one Yemeni. Community leader Bill Meyer, who is not Muslim, said the influx of Muslims to Hamtramck has "helped bring stability, security and sobriety while lessening the amount of drugs and crime in the city." ](/news/2015/11/8/the-detroit-free-press-reports-following-this-week-s-election-hamtramck-michigan-will-apparently-be-the-first-city-in-the-united-sta.md) _Context: Muslim, U.S._
6. [Wikileaks releases U.S. Central Intelligence Agency director John O. Brennan's personal information after the top spy's personal email account was allegedly hacked by a 13-year-old and information sent to Wikileaks. All of the documents predate Brennan's time in the Obama administration and reveal no classified data. Among the information released are Social Security numbers,  an incomplete questionnaire for security clearance, and addresses of his family and associates. ](/news/2015/10/21/wikileaks-releases-u-s-central-intelligence-agency-director-john-o-brennan-s-personal-information-after-the-top-spy-s-personal-email-accou.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, U.S._
7. [Defense lawyers say the United States continues to block the release of 116 pages of the lawyers' notes detailing the torture that Guantanimo Bay prisoner Abu Zubaydah says he experienced in CIA custody.  Zubaydah has yet to be charged with any crime despite being held since 2002. ](/news/2015/09/11/defense-lawyers-say-the-united-states-continues-to-block-the-release-of-116-pages-of-the-lawyers-notes-detailing-the-torture-that-guantanim.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, U.S._
8. [Germany expels the Berlin station chief of the United States Central Intelligence Agency following a series of spy scandals. ](/news/2014/07/10/germany-expels-the-berlin-station-chief-of-the-united-states-central-intelligence-agency-following-a-series-of-spy-scandals.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, U.S._
9. [The United States Central Intelligence Agency website  and Alabama state websites go down with reports that Anonymous is responsible. ](/news/2012/02/10/the-united-states-central-intelligence-agency-website-and-alabama-state-websites-go-down-with-reports-that-anonymous-is-responsible.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, U.S._
10. [Police in Iran make several arrests of suspects in relation to an attack on two nuclear physicists that it claims are connected to the United States Central Intelligence Agency, Mossad from Israel, and MI6 in the United Kingdom. ](/news/2010/12/2/police-in-iran-make-several-arrests-of-suspects-in-relation-to-an-attack-on-two-nuclear-physicists-that-it-claims-are-connected-to-the-unite.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, U.S._
