### [2002-03-27](/news/2002/03/27/index.md)

# Israeli-Palestinian conflict: At the start of Passover, a suicide bomber kills 30 and injures about 140 in a hotel in Netanya. The event triggers Operation Defensive Shield.




### Related:

1. [ Palestinian Islamic Jihad claims responsibility for two suicide bombings against Israelis.  A car bomb detonates in the Shavey Shomron Israeli settlement on the West Bank causing no Israeli casualties. In Netanya, a suicide bomber kills three women at the HaSharon Mall. ](/news/2005/07/12/palestinian-islamic-jihad-claims-responsibility-for-two-suicide-bombings-against-israelis-a-car-bomb-detonates-in-the-shavey-shomron-isra.md) _Context: Netanya, suicide bomber_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A suicide bomber disguised as an Israeli soldier kills at least two Israelis and wounds more than 50 in Netanya.](/news/2002/05/19/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-suicide-bomber-disguised-as-an-israeli-soldier-kills-at-least-two-israelis-and-wounds-more-than-50-in-netan.md) _Context: Netanya, suicide bomber_
3. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
4. [A suicide bomber kills at least six people and wounds 18  near a Pakistan Army vehicle taking part in the census in the city of Lahore. ](/news/2017/04/5/a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-six-people-and-wounds-18-near-a-pakistan-army-vehicle-taking-part-in-the-census-in-the-city-of-lahore.md) _Context: suicide bomber_
5. [A blaze at a fireworks warehouse near Netanya, central Israel, kills two people and injures five others. ](/news/2017/03/14/a-blaze-at-a-fireworks-warehouse-near-netanya-central-israel-kills-two-people-and-injures-five-others.md) _Context: Netanya_
6. [Following last month's manslaughter conviction, Israeli soldier Elor Azaria is sentenced to 18 months in prison by a military court for, during a violent incident, his deadly shooting of the wounded, unarmed, prone Palestinian Abdel Fattah al-Sharif, who had stabbed a soldier last March in Hebron. ](/news/2017/02/21/following-last-month-s-manslaughter-conviction-israeli-soldier-elor-azaria-is-sentenced-to-18-months-in-prison-by-a-military-court-for-dur.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
7. [Israeli authorities approve 153 construction permits for settlement homes in East Jerusalem, and plan to approve another 11,000 in the coming months. ](/news/2017/01/27/israeli-authorities-approve-153-construction-permits-for-settlement-homes-in-east-jerusalem-and-plan-to-approve-another-11-000-in-the-comin.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
8. [Two Israeli Bedouins and one Israeli police officer are killed in a clash during a home-demolition operation in the Bedouin village of Umm al-Hiran. Israeli police claim to have found evidence that the Bedouins were supporters of the Islamic State. ](/news/2017/01/18/two-israeli-bedouins-and-one-israeli-police-officer-are-killed-in-a-clash-during-a-home-demolition-operation-in-the-bedouin-village-of-umm-a.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
9. [An explosion outside a military camp in southern Yemen kills at least 49 people and injures many more. The explosion is believed to have been caused by a suicide bomber wearing an explosive vest. ](/news/2016/12/18/an-explosion-outside-a-military-camp-in-southern-yemen-kills-at-least-49-people-and-injures-many-more-the-explosion-is-believed-to-have-bee.md) _Context: suicide bomber_
10. [A rock throwing 19-year old Palestinian is killed by IDF troops amid clashes in the West Bank village of Beit Rima. ](/news/2016/12/18/a-rock-throwing-19-year-old-palestinian-is-killed-by-idf-troops-amid-clashes-in-the-west-bank-village-of-beit-rima.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
