### [2004-11-12](/news/2004/11/12/index.md)

#  Conflict in Iraq: Hundreds of US Troops are diverted from Falluja as insurgents appear to take control of the northeastern city of Mosul. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/4010549.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Conflict in Iraq: U.S. troops reach the center of Falluja with heavy fighting reported throughout the city. The Pentagon announces 10 U.S. and two Iraqi soldiers killed in the assault. One third of prisoners captured in Falluja by Iraqi forces have been foreigners from Egypt and Syria. Residents say a U.S. airstrike hit a clinic killing medical staff and patients. A nine-year-old boy dies because of lack of medical assistance after he was hit by shrapnel in what parents say was a separate airstrike. The mainly Sunni Iraqi Islamic Party withdraws from the Iraq Interim Governing Council. Iraqi and U.S. forces capture a mosque in northwest Falluja that was being used as an arms depot and insurgent meeting place and the Muslim Clerics Association called for a boycott of the election in protest of the assault. In Mosul, two U.S. soldiers are killed when mortars land in a military base. Three police stations are attacked in Baquba with casualty reports ranging from 25 to 45 people killed. A car bomb outside an Iraqi National Guard base near Kirkuk kills three people and wounds two. In Samarra, a senior local government official is assassinated. ](/news/2004/11/8/conflict-in-iraq-u-s-troops-reach-the-center-of-falluja-with-heavy-fighting-reported-throughout-the-city-the-pentagon-announces-10-u-s.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Falluja, Mosul_
2. [ Conflict in Iraq: A suicide car bomb kills 16 and wounds 40 at a police training base in Ramadi west of Baghdad. A separate car bomb kills four Iraqi National Guard soldiers at a check point in Samarra. Two die and four are injured in U.S. air strikes on Falluja. In Mosul, two Turkish drivers are killed and two wounded when their convoy is attacked. Mortars land in central Baghdad killing two civilians. The U.S. military say they have captured a senior official of al-Zarqawi's militant organization. ](/news/2004/10/23/conflict-in-iraq-a-suicide-car-bomb-kills-16-and-wounds-40-at-a-police-training-base-in-ramadi-west-of-baghdad-a-separate-car-bomb-kills.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Falluja, Mosul_
3. [ Conflict in Iraq: 10 U.S. Marines are killed following an insurgent roadside bomb attack in Falluja. ](/news/2005/12/2/conflict-in-iraq-10-u-s-marines-are-killed-following-an-insurgent-roadside-bomb-attack-in-falluja.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Falluja_
4. [ Conflict in Iraq: US Troops claim that they will investigate the circumstances following the death of a cousin of Iraq's envoy to the United Nations. The man died from a bullet wound to the head as he opened his door to US Soldiers in western Iraq. ](/news/2005/08/22/conflict-in-iraq-us-troops-claim-that-they-will-investigate-the-circumstances-following-the-death-of-a-cousin-of-iraq-s-envoy-to-the-unite.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, US Troops_
5. [ Conflict in Iraq: A senior aide to Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, Abu Zubair, has been shot dead following a U.S. ambush in Mosul, Iraq. ](/news/2005/08/15/conflict-in-iraq-a-senior-aide-to-abu-musab-al-zarqawi-abu-zubair-has-been-shot-dead-following-a-u-s-ambush-in-mosul-iraq.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Mosul_
6. [ Conflict in Iraq: At least 25 New Iraqi Army recruits have been killed following an apparent suicide bomb attack in Rabia, near Mosul, in North West Iraq. ](/news/2005/07/29/conflict-in-iraq-at-least-25-new-iraqi-army-recruits-have-been-killed-following-an-apparent-suicide-bomb-attack-in-rabia-near-mosul-in-n.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Mosul_
7. [ Conflict in Iraq: At least 47 people have died following an apparent suicide bombing at a Shia funeral in the Iraqi city of Mosul. ](/news/2005/03/10/conflict-in-iraq-at-least-47-people-have-died-following-an-apparent-suicide-bombing-at-a-shia-funeral-in-the-iraqi-city-of-mosul.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Mosul_
8. [ Conflict in Iraq: Guerrillas in Baquba detonate a car bomb outside an Iraqi police headquarters, killing 15 and wounding 17. A suicide bomber in Mosul kills 12 policemen and injures 4 others. In another area of the city, guerrillas fire a dozen mortar rounds at a police station, killing 3 civilians. ](/news/2005/02/8/conflict-in-iraq-guerrillas-in-baquba-detonate-a-car-bomb-outside-an-iraqi-police-headquarters-killing-15-and-wounding-17-a-suicide-bomb.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Mosul_
9. [ Conflict in Iraq: A suicide car bomb is detonated near interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi's Iraqi National Accord party office. Officials say Allawi was not in the area at the time and that seven policemen and three civilians were wounded. U.S. military officials confirm the death of one soldier in Mosul and state four of Iraq's 18 provinces, a quarter of the total population and predominantly Sunni, will be unsafe to vote in Sunday's elections. ](/news/2005/01/24/conflict-in-iraq-a-suicide-car-bomb-is-detonated-near-interim-prime-minister-iyad-allawi-s-iraqi-national-accord-party-office-officials-s.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Mosul_
10. [ Conflict in Iraq: 42 primarily Shi'a parties release a statement saying a postponement of elections would be illegal. The U.S. military reports a U.S. soldier is killed by a roadside bomb in Duluiya north of Baghdad and that troops discover 17 more corpses in Mosul, raising the number found to at least 50 in two weeks. Hospital officials in Ramadi say two people are killed and three wounded when U.S. troops fire on suspected insurgents. ](/news/2004/11/28/conflict-in-iraq-42-primarily-shi-a-parties-release-a-statement-saying-a-postponement-of-elections-would-be-illegal-the-u-s-military-rep.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Mosul_
