### [2004-11-12](/news/2004/11/12/index.md)

#  Iran is reportedly concluding a deal with the European Union which would spare it from possible United Nations sanctions over its nuclear arms programme. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.co.uk/newsPackageArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=620552&section=news)

### Related:

1. [European Union leaders approve sanctions in Brussels, including bans on investments and oil/gas technology transfers, against Iran, harsher than recent sanctions imposed by the United Nations. Russia calls these and sanctions by the United States "unacceptable". ](/news/2010/06/17/european-union-leaders-approve-sanctions-in-brussels-including-bans-on-investments-and-oil-gas-technology-transfers-against-iran-harsher.md) _Context: EU, Iran, United Nations_
2. [ Talks between Iran and three European Union members, France, Germany, and the United Kingdom, on the Iranian nuclear program end without an agreement and no further meetings planned. Iran has offered a six-month suspension of its uranium enrichment program. The European Union seeks an indefinite halt to the program. The issue is expected to be referred to the United Nations Security Council at the November 25 meeting of the International Atomic Energy Agency. ](/news/2004/11/6/talks-between-iran-and-three-european-union-members-france-germany-and-the-united-kingdom-on-the-iranian-nuclear-program-end-without-an.md) _Context: EU, Iran, Iran's nuclear program_
3. [ Iran's nuclear program: Just three days after an agreement with the European Union took effect, Iran prevents the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) from sealing centrifuges at the Natanz enrichment facility. The IAEA begins its meeting to decide whether or not to refer the matter to the United Nations Security Council. ](/news/2004/11/25/iran-s-nuclear-program-just-three-days-after-an-agreement-with-the-european-union-took-effect-iran-prevents-the-international-atomic-ener.md) _Context: EU, Iran, Iran's nuclear program_
4. [ Iran's nuclear program: The European Union rejects a request by Iran to be allowed to continue using uranium enrichment centrifuges. ](/news/2004/11/24/iran-s-nuclear-program-the-european-union-rejects-a-request-by-iran-to-be-allowed-to-continue-using-uranium-enrichment-centrifuges.md) _Context: EU, Iran, Iran's nuclear program_
5. [ Iran's nuclear program: Iran declares that it will suspend its uranium enrichment programme to comply with a European Union-brokered deadline. Iran will review its decision in three months. The EU seeks to have the suspension made permanent and is willing to provide economic and political incentives. ](/news/2004/11/22/iran-s-nuclear-program-iran-declares-that-it-will-suspend-its-uranium-enrichment-programme-to-comply-with-a-european-union-brokered-deadli.md) _Context: EU, Iran, Iran's nuclear program_
6. [ Defying a recent United Nations resolution, Iran announces that it will continue converting 37 tons (33,600 kg) of yellowcake uranium into uranium hexafluoride, a requirement for producing nuclear power plant fuel, but which some fear might be used to build nuclear weapons. ](/news/2004/09/21/defying-a-recent-united-nations-resolution-iran-announces-that-it-will-continue-converting-37-tons-33-600-kg-of-yellowcake-uranium-into.md) _Context: Iran, Iran's nuclear program, United Nations_
7. [The report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council -- the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union -- calls on Israel to end settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, "The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-a-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-a-c.md) _Context: EU, United Nations_
8. [The European Union offers to help the fledgling new UN-backed Libyan unity government with assistance in its security sector, managing migration, border management and police capacity building. This comes after Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj appealed to foreign governments for help in fighting ISIL and aid to rebuild the country. ](/news/2016/04/19/the-european-union-offers-to-help-the-fledgling-new-un-backed-libyan-unity-government-with-assistance-in-its-security-sector-managing-migra.md) _Context: EU, United Nations_
9. [EU Foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini holds the highest-level talks between the EU and Iran in decades to mark a new phase in relations between the two. Both sides are keen to focus on trade, energy and the environment as possible areas of cooperation. ](/news/2016/04/16/eu-foreign-policy-chief-federica-mogherini-holds-the-highest-level-talks-between-the-eu-and-iran-in-decades-to-mark-a-new-phase-in-relations.md) _Context: EU, Iran_
10. [The International Atomic Energy Agency states that Iran has complied with its commitments under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, paving the way for international sanctions to be lifted by the United States and European Union. ](/news/2016/01/16/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-states-that-iran-has-complied-with-its-commitments-under-the-joint-comprehensive-plan-of-action-pavi.md) _Context: EU, Iran_
