### [2004-11-12](/news/2004/11/12/index.md)

#  US Troops are preventing a Red Crescent aid convoy from entering the city of Falluja, reportedly for safety reasons 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.co.uk/newsPackageArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=620613&section=news)

### Related:

1. [  Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi announces the start of a military operation to recapture Falluja from Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. ](/news/2016/05/22/iraqi-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-announces-the-start-of-a-military-operation-to-recapture-falluja-from-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-syria.md) _Context: Falluja_
2. [An Iranian Red Crescent plane is blocked by bombing of Sanaa International Airport's runway by Saudi Arabian F-15 fighters, which unsuccessfully intercepted and issued warnings to the plane to turn back. ](/news/2015/04/29/an-iranian-red-crescent-plane-is-blocked-by-bombing-of-sanaa-international-airport-s-runway-by-saudi-arabian-f-15-fighters-which-unsuccessf.md) _Context: Red Crescent_
3. [56 people are reportedly killed by the Syrian army, including a Red Crescent worker. ](/news/2012/07/11/56-people-are-reportedly-killed-by-the-syrian-army-including-a-red-crescent-worker.md) _Context: Red Crescent_
4. [The Red Crescent delays an aid shipment bound for Gaza after being told that Egypt would prevent it from using the internationally neutral Suez Canal. ](/news/2010/06/28/the-red-crescent-delays-an-aid-shipment-bound-for-gaza-after-being-told-that-egypt-would-prevent-it-from-using-the-internationally-neutral-s.md) _Context: Red Crescent_
5. [ A suicide bomber explodes in a police recruitment centre in Falluja, Iraq killing at least 20 people. ](/news/2007/05/31/a-suicide-bomber-explodes-in-a-police-recruitment-centre-in-falluja-iraq-killing-at-least-20-people.md) _Context: Falluja_
6. [ Masked gunmen kidnap 30 workers from the Red Crescent in Iraq with six low-level employees of the organisation later being released. ](/news/2006/12/17/masked-gunmen-kidnap-30-workers-from-the-red-crescent-in-iraq-with-six-low-level-employees-of-the-organisation-later-being-released.md) _Context: Red Crescent_
7. [ Conflict in Iraq: 10 U.S. Marines are killed following an insurgent roadside bomb attack in Falluja. ](/news/2005/12/2/conflict-in-iraq-10-u-s-marines-are-killed-following-an-insurgent-roadside-bomb-attack-in-falluja.md) _Context: Falluja_
8. [ Conflict in Iraq: U.S. troops reach the center of Falluja with heavy fighting reported throughout the city. The Pentagon announces 10 U.S. and two Iraqi soldiers killed in the assault. One third of prisoners captured in Falluja by Iraqi forces have been foreigners from Egypt and Syria. Residents say a U.S. airstrike hit a clinic killing medical staff and patients. A nine-year-old boy dies because of lack of medical assistance after he was hit by shrapnel in what parents say was a separate airstrike. The mainly Sunni Iraqi Islamic Party withdraws from the Iraq Interim Governing Council. Iraqi and U.S. forces capture a mosque in northwest Falluja that was being used as an arms depot and insurgent meeting place and the Muslim Clerics Association called for a boycott of the election in protest of the assault. In Mosul, two U.S. soldiers are killed when mortars land in a military base. Three police stations are attacked in Baquba with casualty reports ranging from 25 to 45 people killed. A car bomb outside an Iraqi National Guard base near Kirkuk kills three people and wounds two. In Samarra, a senior local government official is assassinated. ](/news/2004/11/8/conflict-in-iraq-u-s-troops-reach-the-center-of-falluja-with-heavy-fighting-reported-throughout-the-city-the-pentagon-announces-10-u-s.md) _Context: Falluja_
9. [ United Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan warns that an assault on Falluja may result in a Sunni Muslim boycott of January elections. British ambassador to Iraq Jones Parry states: "You can't have an area the size of Falluja operating as a base for terrorism." Iraqi Interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi describes Annan's letter as confused and unclear. ](/news/2004/11/5/united-nations-secretary-general-kofi-annan-warns-that-an-assault-on-falluja-may-result-in-a-sunni-muslim-boycott-of-january-elections-bri.md) _Context: Falluja_
10. [ Two U.S. soldiers are killed and three wounded when a roadside bomb in Baghdad detonates. Four Iraqi National Guard are killed in an attack on a checkpoint in nearby Baghdadi. Six Iraqis are killed in a blast near a police station in Ramadi. The Iraqi Red Crescent establishes a relief center in Fallujah, while the International Red Cross says the city remains under siege and workers are unable to freely administer aid. ](/news/2004/11/29/two-u-s-soldiers-are-killed-and-three-wounded-when-a-roadside-bomb-in-baghdad-detonates-four-iraqi-national-guard-are-killed-in-an-attack.md) _Context: Red Crescent_
