### [2005-05-30](/news/2005/05/30/index.md)

#  Amidst scandals regarding the sale of land in Jerusalem, Patriarch Irenaios I of Jerusalem has been replaced by Metropolitan Cornelius of Petra, who serves as ''locum tenens'' of the Orthodox Church of Jerusalem.




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4593397.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Patriarch Theophilus III is unanimously elected 141st Orthodox Patriarch of Jerusalem by the Holy Synod of the Orthodox Church of Jerusalem to replace ousted predecessor Irenaios I.[http://www.latimes.com/news/nationworld/world/wire/sns-ap-holy-land-greek-patriarch,1,1942295.story?coll=sns-ap-world-headlines (LA Times)] (Link dead as of 00:41, 15 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/08/22/patriarch-theophilus-iii-is-unanimously-elected-141st-orthodox-patriarch-of-jerusalem-by-the-holy-synod-of-the-orthodox-church-of-jerusalem.md) _Context: Irenaios I, Orthodox Church of Jerusalem_
2. [ Orthodox Patriarch of Jerusalem Irineos is dismissed following a controversy over the leasing of church-owned lands to groups eager to increase the Jewish presence in the Old City of Jerusalem. ](/news/2005/05/5/orthodox-patriarch-of-jerusalem-irineos-is-dismissed-following-a-controversy-over-the-leasing-of-church-owned-lands-to-groups-eager-to-incr.md) _Context: Jerusalem, Orthodox Church of Jerusalem_
3. [A shooting  at the Israeli embassy in Amman, Jordan, leaves one person, a Jordanian, dead, and an Israeli and a Jordanian wounded. There is speculation the attack may be linked to recent events at Jerusalem's  Al-Aqsa Mosque. ](/news/2017/07/23/a-shooting-at-the-israeli-embassy-in-amman-jordan-leaves-one-person-a-jordanian-dead-and-an-israeli-and-a-jordanian-wounded-there-is.md) _Context: Jerusalem_
4. [A United Nations Security Council session is to be held to address the escalating violence in Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/07/22/a-united-nations-security-council-session-is-to-be-held-to-address-the-escalating-violence-in-jerusalem.md) _Context: Jerusalem_
5. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Jerusalem_
6. [Two Druze Israeli police officers are killed in an attack at Temple Mount in Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/07/14/two-druze-israeli-police-officers-are-killed-in-an-attack-at-temple-mount-in-jerusalem.md) _Context: Jerusalem_
7. [In two simultaneous attacks near the Damascus Gate in Jerusalem, an Israeli policewoman is fatally stabbed; the three Palestinian assailants are shot dead. ISIL claims were questioned by Israeli authorities. As well, the PFLP and Hamas claim it was their members who did it. ](/news/2017/06/16/in-two-simultaneous-attacks-near-the-damascus-gate-in-jerusalem-an-israeli-policewoman-is-fatally-stabbed-the-three-palestinian-assailants.md) _Context: Jerusalem_
8. [  A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-two-other-passengers-are-injured-a-p.md) _Context: Jerusalem_
9. [The Palestinian National Authority threatens to revoke its recognition of Israel (guaranteed by their signing of the Oslo I Accord in 1993) if the United States, under the presidency of Donald Trump, moves its Embassy in Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/01/10/the-palestinian-national-authority-threatens-to-revoke-its-recognition-of-israel-guaranteed-by-their-signing-of-the-oslo-i-accord-in-1993.md) _Context: Jerusalem_
10. [A Palestinian gunman opens fire from a vehicle on people waiting at a train station and then the nearby police headquarters in Jerusalem, killing at least two people, including a police officer, and injuring six others. Israeli police kill the gunman. ](/news/2016/10/9/a-palestinian-gunman-opens-fire-from-a-vehicle-on-people-waiting-at-a-train-station-and-then-the-nearby-police-headquarters-in-jerusalem-ki.md) _Context: Jerusalem_
