### [2005-05-30](/news/2005/05/30/index.md)

#  Amnesty International has urged foreign governments to investigate high level US government officials for human rights violations committed in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Guantanamo Bay.




### Related:

1. [The Obama Administration and Bush Administration had failed to publicly disclose up to thousands of lethal airstrikes the U.S. made in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria against ISIL, Al-Qaeda, and the Taliban via U.S. Army helicopters and drones. ](/news/2017/02/5/the-obama-administration-and-bush-administration-had-failed-to-publicly-disclose-up-to-thousands-of-lethal-airstrikes-the-u-s-made-in-afgha.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Iraq_
2. [Macedonia, Serbia, Croatia, and Slovenia shut their borders to so-called economic migrants, those not coming from war-torn countries such as Syria, Afghanistan, or Iraq, leaving thousands stranded at Balkan border crossings. Around 500 migrants from Iran, Morocco, and Algeria gather on the border between Greece and Macedonia to protest the closure. ](/news/2015/11/20/macedonia-serbia-croatia-and-slovenia-shut-their-borders-to-so-called-economic-migrants-those-not-coming-from-war-torn-countries-such-as.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Iraq_
3. [Following Austria's and Germany's decision to waive their asylum system rules, approximately 6,500 migrants - mostly  from Syria, Iraq, and Afghanistan - arrive in Vienna. They traveled from Hungary by bus, train or on foot. The migrants were given the opportunity to register in Austria or move on to Germany. ](/news/2015/09/5/following-austria-s-and-germany-s-decision-to-waive-their-asylum-system-rules-approximately-6-500-migrants-a-mostly-from-syria-iraq-an.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Iraq_
4. [David Petraeus, the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency, is honored with the Grand Cross with swords in the Order of Orange-Nassau in The Hague for his service as a four-star general in Iraq and Afghanistan. ](/news/2012/03/16/david-petraeus-the-director-of-the-central-intelligence-agency-is-honored-with-the-grand-cross-with-swords-in-the-order-of-orange-nassau-i.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Iraq_
5. [Amnesty International calls on the People's Republic of China to stop the harassment, arbitrary detention and torture of human rights lawyers. ](/news/2011/06/30/amnesty-international-calls-on-the-people-s-republic-of-china-to-stop-the-harassment-arbitrary-detention-and-torture-of-human-rights-lawyer.md) _Context: Amnesty International, Human rights_
6. [Anwar al-Awlaki, a Yemeni cleric affiliated with al-Queda, tells Muslims in a new video posting that they are free to kill American at will, in retaliation for the killing of civilians in Iraq, Afghanistan and elsewhere. ](/news/2010/11/9/anwar-al-awlaki-a-yemeni-cleric-affiliated-with-al-queda-tells-muslims-in-a-new-video-posting-that-they-are-free-to-kill-american-at-will.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Iraq_
7. [Around 60 unsuccessful Iraqi asylum applicants are forcibly and controversially deported to Baghdad from Britain, Denmark, Sweden and the Netherlands. Amnesty International condemns the move as the deportees face violence and mutilation in that city. ](/news/2010/06/9/around-60-unsuccessful-iraqi-asylum-applicants-are-forcibly-and-controversially-deported-to-baghdad-from-britain-denmark-sweden-and-the-ne.md) _Context: Amnesty International, Iraq_
8. [In its annual report, Amnesty International says human rights abuses and repression increased in Iran and China last year, the African Union refused to cooperate with the International Criminal Court after it indicted Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir for war crimes in Darfur, the United Nations' Human Rights Council took little action while Sri Lanka's army and Tamil militants both committed potential war crimes, and Israel and the militant group Hamas did not follow up on reports that accused both sides of human rights abuses during the Gaza War. ](/news/2010/05/27/in-its-annual-report-amnesty-international-says-human-rights-abuses-and-repression-increased-in-iran-and-china-last-year-the-african-union.md) _Context: Amnesty International, Human rights_
9. [Amnesty International's Secretary-General sparks a furor by saying that "jihad in self-defense" is not "antithetical" to human rights. ](/news/2010/04/7/amnesty-internationalas-secretary-general-sparks-a-furor-by-saying-that-ajihad-in-self-defensea-is-not-aantitheticala-to-human-rig.md) _Context: Amnesty International, Human rights_
10. [Margaret Thatcher, in a rare moment of publicity since her withdrawal from public life, puts her weight and "heavy heart" behind a campaign by Combat Stress for the mental health of ex-servicemen in Afghanistan and Iraq. ](/news/2010/03/12/margaret-thatcher-in-a-rare-moment-of-publicity-since-her-withdrawal-from-public-life-puts-her-weight-and-heavy-heart-behind-a-campaign.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Iraq_
