### [2005-05-30](/news/2005/05/30/index.md)

#  In Prague, Prince Hamid Bin Abdul Sani al-Thani of Qatar has been found guilty of sexually abusing girls younger than 15 from 2001 and 2004 and sentenced to 30 months in prison. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/4594579.stm)

### Related:

1. [Czech police announce the arrest of a man at a Prague hotel two weeks ago who they claim is a Russian hacker suspected of targeting the U.S. ](/news/2016/10/19/czech-police-announce-the-arrest-of-a-man-at-a-prague-hotel-two-weeks-ago-who-they-claim-is-a-russian-hacker-suspected-of-targeting-the-u-s.md) _Context: Prague_
2. [Mohamed Morsi, former President of Egypt, is sentenced to life imprisonment and another 15 years for his role in allegedly leaking government secrets to Qatar. Six people, including two Al-Jazeera employees, are sentenced to death.  ](/news/2016/06/18/mohamed-morsi-former-president-of-egypt-is-sentenced-to-life-imprisonment-and-another-15-years-for-his-role-in-allegedly-leaking-governmen.md) _Context: Qatar_
3. [A 22-year-old Dutch woman held in Qatar for nearly three months after telling police she had been raped is released following the court ruling of a one-year suspended prison sentence. The Associated Press reports it isn't clear "[...] what sentence was given to the man she accused of rape."  ](/news/2016/06/13/a-22-year-old-dutch-woman-held-in-qatar-for-nearly-three-months-after-telling-police-she-had-been-raped-is-released-following-the-court-ruli.md) _Context: Qatar_
4. [The United States Air Force deploys B-52 bombers to Al Udeid Air Base in Qatar to join operations against ISIL in Syria and Iraq. This is the first time they have been stationed in the Middle East since the end of the Gulf War in 1991. ](/news/2016/04/9/the-united-states-air-force-deploys-b-52-bombers-to-al-udeid-air-base-in-qatar-to-join-operations-against-isil-in-syria-and-iraq-this-is-th.md) _Context: Qatar_
5. [Czech Minister of the Interior Milan Chovanec says that authorities in Prague will send a group of 25 Iraqi Christians back to Iraq after they tried to move to Germany rather than staying in the Czech Republic. The refugees were on their way to Germany via bus before being stopped at the border. Czech authorities agreed to a request by the German police to take the people back. Chovanec said the 25 Iraqis abused Czech generosity and should go back to Iraq within seven days. ](/news/2016/04/3/czech-minister-of-the-interior-milan-chovanec-says-that-authorities-in-prague-will-send-a-group-of-25-iraqi-christians-back-to-iraq-after-th.md) _Context: Prague_
6. [The Taliban's Qatar office confirms its leaders are in Pakistan to talk about Afghan refugees and the release of prisoners.  The  representative did not say if the delegation will discuss the peace process.  ](/news/2016/04/27/the-taliban-s-qatar-office-confirms-its-leaders-are-in-pakistan-to-talk-about-afghan-refugees-and-the-release-of-prisoners-the-representa.md) _Context: Qatar_
7. [Iraqi authorities ban Qatar-based satellite television network Al Jazeera from broadcasting in the country and closes its offices in Baghdad, accusing it of violating government guidelines issued in 2014 to regulate media "during the war on terror". ](/news/2016/04/27/iraqi-authorities-ban-qatar-based-satellite-television-network-al-jazeera-from-broadcasting-in-the-country-and-closes-its-offices-in-baghdad.md) _Context: Qatar_
8. [The meeting in Doha, Qatar, of the world's top oil producers, from both OPEC and non-OPEC countries, fails to agree on an output freeze. Oil analysts say  the failure was due to Iran's non-participation, and Saudi Arabia linking its cooperation  to Iran's inclusion. Oil prices drop in early Asian trading and on the New York Mercantile Exchange. ](/news/2016/04/18/the-meeting-in-doha-qatar-of-the-world-s-top-oil-producers-from-both-opec-and-non-opec-countries-fails-to-agree-on-an-output-freeze-oil.md) _Context: Qatar_
9. [Members of OPEC meet in Doha, Qatar, amid uncertainty in the markets and the outcome of the meeting. Since 2014, the price of oil has dropped dramatically. Analysts hope that an agreement to freeze output will reassure global energy markets that the recent recovery in prices is sustainable. ](/news/2016/04/17/members-of-opec-meet-in-doha-qatar-amid-uncertainty-in-the-markets-and-the-outcome-of-the-meeting-since-2014-the-price-of-oil-has-droppe.md) _Context: Qatar_
10. [The Gulf Cooperation Council  formally designates Lebanon's Hezbollah militia a terrorist organization. The GCC  member states are Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates. ](/news/2016/03/2/the-gulf-cooperation-council-formally-designates-lebanon-s-hezbollah-militia-a-terrorist-organization-the-gcc-member-states-are-bahrain.md) _Context: Qatar_
