### [2017-05-20](/news/2017/05/20/index.md)

# Libyan Civil War (2014-present): The death toll from an attack on a Libyan National Army-controlled airbase in southern Libya reportedly rises to 140 people. 

Most of those reportedly killed are linked to a faction allied to self-styled general Khalifa Haftar.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-39983806)

### Related:

1. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): Senior Libyan military officials say French special forces are on the ground in Benghazi helping Libyan National Army troops fight ISIL militants. They said that the French forces, along with American and British teams, are setting up an operations room inside Benina International Airport in Benina. The French defense ministry declined to comment, citing a policy not to comment on special forces' activities. ](/news/2016/02/24/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-senior-libyan-military-officials-say-french-special-forces-are-on-the-ground-in-benghazi-helping-libyan-n.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Libyan National Army_
2. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): The Benghazi Defense Brigades, an ally of the Shura Council of Benghazi Revolutionaries, claims to have captured five cities and two oil-production areas from forces loyal to Khalifa Haftar in the east of Libya. ](/news/2017/03/4/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-benghazi-defense-brigades-an-ally-of-the-shura-council-of-benghazi-revolutionaries-claims-to-have-c.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
3. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): Forces of the Libyan National Army claim to have captured one of the last remaining strongholds of Benghazi from Ansar al-Sharia. ](/news/2017/01/26/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-forces-of-the-libyan-national-army-claim-to-have-captured-one-of-the-last-remaining-strongholds-of-bengha.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Libyan National Army_
4. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): U.S. B-2 stealth bombers strike two ISIL camps, south of the city of Sirte, Libya, killing more than 80 militants, according to United States Secretary of Defense Ash Carter. ](/news/2017/01/19/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-u-s-b-2-stealth-bombers-strike-two-isil-camps-south-of-the-city-of-sirte-libya-killing-more-than-80-m.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
5. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): At least eight are killed in clashes in Tripoli, Libya. ](/news/2016/12/2/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-at-least-eight-are-killed-in-clashes-in-tripoli-libya.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
6. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): An ISIL sniper in Sirte, Libya, shoots dead Dutch photographer and war correspondent Jeroen Oerlemans. ](/news/2016/10/2/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-an-isil-sniper-in-sirte-libya-shoots-dead-dutch-photographer-and-war-correspondent-jeroen-oerlemans.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
7. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): Forces loyal to Libyan general and former US citizen Khalifa Haftar, commander of the elected Council of Deputies military, seize control of the ports of Sidra, Ra's Lanuf, Brega and Zuwetina. ](/news/2016/09/11/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-forces-loyal-to-libyan-general-and-former-us-citizen-khalifa-haftar-commander-of-the-elected-council-of.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
8. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): The United States launches airstrikes on ISIL positions in the Libyan city of Sirte following a request from the UN-backed Government of National Accord. Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj, in a televised address, says the strikes have caused "heavy ISIL losses". ](/news/2016/08/1/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-united-states-launches-airstrikes-on-isil-positions-in-the-libyan-city-of-sirte-following-a-request-f.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
9. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): At least three French Armed Forces soldiers are killed after their helicopter is shot down near the city of Benghazi, Libya. The soldiers were killed while carrying out "dangerous intelligence operations", according to French President Francois Hollande. ](/news/2016/07/20/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-at-least-three-french-armed-forces-soldiers-are-killed-after-their-helicopter-is-shot-down-near-the-city.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
10. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): Libyan forces claim to have captured the port in the city of Sirte after heavy fighting with ISIL. ](/news/2016/06/11/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-libyan-forces-claim-to-have-captured-the-port-in-the-city-of-sirte-after-heavy-fighting-with-isil.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
