### [2017-05-20](/news/2017/05/20/index.md)

# U.S. President Donald Trump arrives in Saudi Arabia, his first of three scheduled foreign trips. Trump signs an arms deal with King Salman worth more than US$100 billion. 

President Trump signed a $110 billion arms deal with Saudi Arabia on Saturday, the initial day of his first foreign trip since taking office. &quot;That was a tremendous day. Tremendous investments in the United States,&quot; Trump said. &quot;Hundreds of billions of dollars of investments into the United States...


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/trump-signs-110-billion-arms-deal-saudi-arabia/story?id=47531180)
2. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/05/trump-arrives-saudi-arabia-foreign-trip-170520063253596.html)
3. [New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/05/20/world/middleeast/donald-trump-saudi-arabia.html?_r=0)

### Related:

1. [In an interview, U.S. President Donald Trump says the U.S. dollar is "getting too strong" and wants to keep interest rates low, causing the U.S. Dollar Index to fall. ](/news/2017/04/12/in-an-interview-u-s-president-donald-trump-says-the-u-s-dollar-is-getting-too-strong-and-wants-to-keep-interest-rates-low-causing-the.md) _Context: Donald Trump, US$, United States President_
2. [King of Saudi Arabia Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud announces, during his trip to Cairo, that a bridge crossing the Red Sea will be built, linking Egypt and Saudi Arabia. Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi says the bridge will be named after the Saudi monarch. A Saudi-Egypt Causeway project has been in the works for years. ](/news/2016/04/8/king-of-saudi-arabia-salman-bin-abdulaziz-al-saud-announces-during-his-trip-to-cairo-that-a-bridge-crossing-the-red-sea-will-be-built-lin.md) _Context: King, Salman, Saudi Arabia_
3. [ The President of the United States George W. Bush arrives in Saudi Arabia to discuss rising fuel prices with King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia. Saudi Arabia later announces plans to raise its output by 300,000 barrels a day. ](/news/2008/05/16/the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-arrives-in-saudi-arabia-to-discuss-rising-fuel-prices-with-king-abdullah-of-saudi-arabia.md) _Context: King, Saudi Arabia, United States President_
4. [U.S. President Donald Trump removes James Comey as Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, with Andrew G. McCabe stepping in as acting director. ](/news/2017/05/9/u-s-president-donald-trump-removes-james-comey-as-director-of-the-federal-bureau-of-investigation-with-andrew-g-mccabe-stepping-in-as-act.md) _Context: Donald Trump, United States President_
5. [In an act of God, a giant sinkhole opens up on the street in front of the Mar-a-Lago resort of United States President Donald Trump in Florida. ](/news/2017/05/22/in-an-act-of-god-a-giant-sinkhole-opens-up-on-the-street-in-front-of-the-mar-a-lago-resort-of-united-states-president-donald-trump-in-flori.md) _Context: Donald Trump, United States President_
6. [''The New York Times'' reports that a memo from James Comey, read in part to a reporter by a Comey associate, revealed that President Donald Trump asked him to end the F.B.I. investigation of Michael T. Flynn. The White House denies the version of events in the memo. ](/news/2017/05/16/the-new-york-times-reports-that-a-memo-from-james-comey-read-in-part-to-a-reporter-by-a-comey-associate-revealed-that-president-donald.md) _Context: Donald Trump, United States President_
7. [In a series of tweets, President Donald Trump acknowledges that he shared classified information with Russian envoys, contradicting earlier White House denials. ](/news/2017/05/16/in-a-series-of-tweets-president-donald-trump-acknowledges-that-he-shared-classified-information-with-russian-envoys-contradicting-earlier.md) _Context: Donald Trump, United States President_
8. [According to a current and a former unnamed U.S. government official, President Donald Trump revealed classified information that jeopardized a critical source of intelligence on the Islamic State during  his Oval Office meeting with the Russian Foreign Minister and Ambassador on May 10. ](/news/2017/05/15/according-to-a-current-and-a-former-unnamed-u-s-government-official-president-donald-trump-revealed-classified-information-that-jeopardize.md) _Context: Donald Trump, United States President_
9. [The 2017 White House Correspondents' Dinner is held while Donald Trump decides not to attend, becoming the first incumbent president to do so since Ronald Reagan, who did not attend the dinner while recovering from a 1981 assassination attempt. ](/news/2017/04/29/the-2017-white-house-correspondents-dinner-is-held-while-donald-trump-decides-not-to-attend-becoming-the-first-incumbent-president-to-do-s.md) _Context: Donald Trump, United States President_
10. [U.S. President Donald Trump's lawyers tell a federal court, in a case alleging negligence and incitement to riot during a 2016 campaign rally in Louisville, Kentucky, that he is "immune from suit because he is President of the United States." A lawyer for the plaintiffs responds that, in ''Clinton v. Jones'', the Supreme Court found the president could be sued for events that occurred before he took office. ](/news/2017/04/15/u-s-president-donald-trump-s-lawyers-tell-a-federal-court-in-a-case-alleging-negligence-and-incitement-to-riot-during-a-2016-campaign-rall.md) _Context: Donald Trump, United States President_
