### [2016-10-22](/news/2016/10/22/index.md)

# Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Battle of Mosul (2016): The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant executes at least 284 people in Mosul. 

Islamic State militants have allegedly executed at least 284 men and boys in the Iraqi city of Mosul and nearby villages. Jihadists, who had used them as human shields, dumped the victims’ bodies in a mass grave, according to a report. 


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2016/10/22/middleeast/iraq-isis-mosul/)
2. [RT](https://www.rt.com/news/363735-isis-executes-mosul-civilians/)

### Related:

1. [ Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Battle of Mosul (2016): The UN reports 232 civilians have been murdered in and near Mosul by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2016/10/28/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-battle-of-mosul-2016-the-un-reports-232-civilians-have-been-murdered-in-and-near-mosul-by-the-islamic.md) _Context: Battle of Mosul (2016), Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
2. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Battle of Mosul (2016-17): The Iraqi Army announces the liberation of the eastern part of Mosul following the collapse of ISIL defenses. ](/news/2017/01/18/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-battle-of-mosul-2016-17-the-iraqi-army-announces-the-liberation-of-the-eastern-part-of-mosul-followin.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
3. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Battle of Mosul (2016): Hamam al-Alil massacre: Iraqi Army discover at least 100 beheaded bodies as they retake Hamam al-Alil, the last major settlement south of Mosul. ](/news/2016/11/7/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-battle-of-mosul-2016-hamam-al-alil-massacre-iraqi-army-discover-at-least-100-beheaded-bodies-as-they-r.md) _Context: Battle of Mosul (2016), Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Mosul_
4. [Battle of Mosul (2016): United Nations Human Rights Council spokeswoman Ravina Shamdasani says ISIL militants killed 40 former Iraqi Security Forces members and threw their bodies in the Tigris river near Mosul on Saturday. ](/news/2016/11/1/battle-of-mosul-2016-united-nations-human-rights-council-spokeswoman-ravina-shamdasani-says-isil-militants-killed-40-former-iraqi-securit.md) _Context: Battle of Mosul (2016), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
5. [Iraqi Civil War: Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi announces the start of the Battle of Mosul, backed by the U.S.-led coalition, to retake ISIL-held Mosul, the self-declared caliphate's capital in Iraq. ](/news/2016/10/17/iraqi-civil-war-iraqi-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-announces-the-start-of-the-battle-of-mosul-backed-by-the-u-s-led-coalition-to-retak.md) _Context: Battle of Mosul (2016), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
6. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Destruction of cultural heritage by ISIL: Satellite images released by the Associated Press reveal the historic Saint Elijah's Monastery near the Iraqi city of Mosul, the oldest Christian monastery in Iraq that predates Islam, has been completely razed by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. ](/news/2016/01/20/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-destruction-of-cultural-heritage-by-isil-satellite-images-released-by-the-associated-press-reveal-the-his.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
7. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): The Government of Iraq calls on Turkey to withdraw its troops from northern Iraq, near the Islamic State-controlled city of Mosul. Iraq's Foreign Ministry said Turkish forces had entered Iraqi territory without the knowledge of the central government in Baghdad. ](/news/2015/12/5/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-the-government-of-iraq-calls-on-turkey-to-withdraw-its-troops-from-northern-iraq-near-the-islamic-state-c.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
8. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Military intervention against ISIL: Around 20 people, including civilians and Islamic State militants, are killed in airstrikes on Mosul in northern Iraq. ](/news/2015/12/21/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-military-intervention-against-isil-around-20-people-including-civilians-and-islamic-state-militants-are.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
9. [Battle of Mosul (2016-17): Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi declares the battle for Mosul over, after the majority of ISIL militants were defeated. ](/news/2017/07/10/battle-of-mosul-2016-17-iraqi-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-declares-the-battle-for-mosul-over-after-the-majority-of-isil-militants-w.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
10. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): A suicide bomber at a market in Musayyib kills 31 and wounds 35. ISIL claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/06/9/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-a-suicide-bomber-at-a-market-in-musayyib-kills-31-and-wounds-35-isil-claims-responsibility.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
