### [2002-08-12](/news/2002/08/12/index.md)

#  Extreme weather: The death toll in Europe caused by flooding has risen to at least 74, with 58 deaths in Russia, 3 in Germany, 3 in Austria, and one in the Czech Republic. Prime Minister Vladimir Spidla declared a state of emergency in Prague, Bohemia, Plzen and Karlovy Vary. All shipping on the Danube has been halted. Premier Silvio Berlusconi approved {{Nowrap|$50 million}} in emergency aid in response to the {{Nowrap|$300 million}} in damage of northern Italy's crops.




### Related:

1. [ Extreme weather: The peak of a 100-year flood of the Vltava River surges through the Czech Republic into the Elbe in Germany. In Plzen the city center is flooded, and breweries shut down. In Ceske Budejovice, most of the old town is under more than a foot of water, and the Czech Budweiser breweries are shut down. More than 200,000 Czechs are forced to leave their homes. Damages are estimated at over {{Nowrap|$600 million}}. In Dresden, the Zwinger Palace courtyard and basement are flooded, damaging paintings. The Semper Opera basement is flooded, closing it for weeks. More than 3,000 hospital patients are evacuated. Europe-wide death toll is now 99.](/news/2002/08/14/extreme-weather-the-peak-of-a-100-year-flood-of-the-vltava-river-surges-through-the-czech-republic-into-the-elbe-in-germany-in-plzea-the.md) _Context: Czech, Plzeň, extreme weather_
2. [Czech police announce the arrest of a man at a Prague hotel two weeks ago who they claim is a Russian hacker suspected of targeting the U.S. ](/news/2016/10/19/czech-police-announce-the-arrest-of-a-man-at-a-prague-hotel-two-weeks-ago-who-they-claim-is-a-russian-hacker-suspected-of-targeting-the-u-s.md) _Context: Czech, Prague_
3. [Czech Minister of the Interior Milan Chovanec says that authorities in Prague will send a group of 25 Iraqi Christians back to Iraq after they tried to move to Germany rather than staying in the Czech Republic. The refugees were on their way to Germany via bus before being stopped at the border. Czech authorities agreed to a request by the German police to take the people back. Chovanec said the 25 Iraqis abused Czech generosity and should go back to Iraq within seven days. ](/news/2016/04/3/czech-minister-of-the-interior-milan-chovanec-says-that-authorities-in-prague-will-send-a-group-of-25-iraqi-christians-back-to-iraq-after-th.md) _Context: Czech, Prague_
4. [The president of the Czech Republic, Milos Zeman, marks the 26th anniversary of the Velvet Revolution by attending an anti-Islam rally in Prague with the "Bloc against Islam" group which supports the president. The rally is also attended by observers from the German protest movement, PEGIDA (Patriotic Europeans Against the Islamisation of the Occident) and Tommy Robinson, a prominent British anti-Islam activist. Zeman tells the crowd of several thousand that they aren't extremists for advocating closing the Republic's borders to Muslim migrants. ](/news/2015/11/17/the-president-of-the-czech-republic-miloa-zeman-marks-the-26th-anniversary-of-the-velvet-revolution-by-attending-an-anti-islam-rally-in-p.md) _Context: Czech, Prague_
5. [In tennis, the Czech Republic retains the Fed Cup defeating Russia 3-2 in the final played at the O2 Arena in Prague. This is the Czech Republic's fourth title in five years. ](/news/2015/11/15/in-tennis-the-czech-republic-retains-the-fed-cup-defeating-russia-3-2-in-the-final-played-at-the-o2-arena-in-prague-this-is-the-czech-repu.md) _Context: Czech, Prague_
6. [Jamal al-Jamal, a Palestinian ambassador to the Czech Republic, is killed in an explosion near his home in Prague. ](/news/2014/01/1/jamal-al-jamal-a-palestinian-ambassador-to-the-czech-republic-is-killed-in-an-explosion-near-his-home-in-prague.md) _Context: Czech, Prague_
7. [A powerful explosion occurs in an office building in Prague, Czech Republic, believed to have been caused by natural gas, injures 35 people. Both the nearby Faculty of Arts and Sciences building of Charles University and the National Theater also sustain damage. ](/news/2013/04/29/a-powerful-explosion-occurs-in-an-office-building-in-prague-czech-republic-believed-to-have-been-caused-by-natural-gas-injures-35-people.md) _Context: Czech, Prague_
8. [The pilot of a Czech subsonic one-seat military aircraft Aero L-159 Alca that crashed in central Bohemia has been found dead in its wreckage. ](/news/2012/11/23/the-pilot-of-a-czech-subsonic-one-seat-military-aircraft-aero-l-159-alca-that-crashed-in-central-bohemia-has-been-found-dead-in-its-wreckage.md) _Context: Bohemia, Czech_
9. [ The Eastern Partnership conducts its inaugural meeting in Prague, Czech Republic.](/news/2009/05/7/the-eastern-partnership-conducts-its-inaugural-meeting-in-prague-czech-republic.md) _Context: Czech, Prague_
10. [ U.S. President George W. Bush begins his tour of Europe in Prague before the G8 summit in Germany. During his visit, he intends to address the deployment of interceptor rockets, the establishment of radar bases in Poland and the Czech Republic, and the related tension that has arisen between the United States and Russia. ](/news/2007/06/5/u-s-president-george-w-bush-begins-his-tour-of-europe-in-prague-before-the-g8-summit-in-germany-during-his-visit-he-intends-to-address.md) _Context: Czech, Prague_
