### [2009-02-10](/news/2009/02/10/index.md)

#  Mexico will nationally register all its mobile phone users and catalog their fingerprints. 

Mexico will start a national register of mobile phone users that will include fingerprinting all customers in an effort to catch criminals who use the devices to extort money and negotiate kidnapping ransoms.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/technologyNews/idUSTRE5187EB20090209)

### Related:

1. [Ministers of the European Union have given the EU president a mandate to lower charges that mobile phone services can impose on one another for keeping each others' customers connected as the customers "roam," that is, travel about Europe. ](/news/2016/12/2/ministers-of-the-european-union-have-given-the-eu-president-a-mandate-to-lower-charges-that-mobile-phone-services-can-impose-on-one-another.md) _Context: mobile phone_
2. [The Three UK mobile phone company admits that there has been a cyber-security breach involving the details of millions of customers. ](/news/2016/11/17/the-three-uk-mobile-phone-company-admits-that-there-has-been-a-cyber-security-breach-involving-the-details-of-millions-of-customers.md) _Context: mobile phone_
3. [The German cities of Augsburg and Cologne are testing a scheme of traffic lights embedded in the ground to reduce cell phone-texting pedestrian accidents with vehicles that happen when so-called "smombies" step out into the street against the signal. ](/news/2016/04/27/the-german-cities-of-augsburg-and-cologne-are-testing-a-scheme-of-traffic-lights-embedded-in-the-ground-to-reduce-cell-phone-texting-pedestr.md) _Context: mobile phone_
4. [A riot at a prison in Guyana's capital Georgetown leaves at least 16 people dead. The riot began when inmates angered by a search that led to the confiscation of mobile phones set fires in one part of the prison. ](/news/2016/03/3/a-riot-at-a-prison-in-guyana-s-capital-georgetown-leaves-at-least-16-people-dead-the-riot-began-when-inmates-angered-by-a-search-that-led-t.md) _Context: mobile phone_
5. [The Associated Press reports that Russia's crackdown on Muslims is fueling their exodus to ISIS. For example, Russia's southernmost republic of Dagestan keeps devout Muslims under surveillance, routinely raids their homes, and hauls them to police stations to give DNA samples and fingerprints. Regional police say nearly a third of the estimated 3,000 Russians who are believed to have gone to fight alongside IS militants in Syria are from Dagestan. The AP added, "Few efforts are made by Russian authorities to stop young men from leaving." ](/news/2015/11/25/the-associated-press-reports-that-russia-s-crackdown-on-muslims-is-fueling-their-exodus-to-isis-for-example-russia-s-southernmost-republic.md) _Context: fingerprint_
6. [Boko Haram insurgency. A twin-suicide bombing of a mobile phone market in the northern Nigerian city of Kano kills at least fifteen people. ](/news/2015/11/18/boko-haram-insurgency-a-twin-suicide-bombing-of-a-mobile-phone-market-in-the-northern-nigerian-city-of-kano-kills-at-least-fifteen-people.md) _Context: mobile phone_
7. [South Korean news agency Yonhap reports China's mobile phone users are discarding 80 million devices annually, but almost none are being recycled. China's recycling rate stands at 9-10 percent of the global recycling average. ](/news/2015/11/13/south-korean-news-agency-yonhap-reports-china-s-mobile-phone-users-are-discarding-80-million-devices-annually-but-almost-none-are-being-rec.md) _Context: mobile phone_
8. [Google announces that Project Loon - to provide wireless access to four billion unconnected people around the globe in rural and remote areas via Internet-beaming helium balloons in the stratosphere - will be tested in Indonesia in 2016. Currently, one in three Indonesians are connected to the web, mostly via slow connections, in this 17,508-island archipelago of over 250 million people (and about 319 million mobile phones). The company, which also tested Loon-delivered internet in Chile, New Mexico (U.S.), and Sri Lanka, hopes to deliver LTE-speed to more than 100 million unconnected Indonesians in five years. ](/news/2015/10/29/google-announces-that-project-loon-to-provide-wireless-access-to-four-billion-unconnected-people-around-the-globe-in-rural-and-remote-ar.md) _Context: mobile phone_
9. [T-Mobile USA removes the contract requirement from its mobile phone payment plans, becoming the first of the four major national wireless carriers in the U.S. to do so. ](/news/2013/03/26/t-mobile-usa-removes-the-contract-requirement-from-its-mobile-phone-payment-plans-becoming-the-first-of-the-four-major-national-wireless-ca.md) _Context: mobile phone_
10. ["The Sun" newspaper apologizes for accessing private information on a stolen mobile phone belonging to Labour MP Siobhain McDonagh. ](/news/2013/03/18/the-sun-newspaper-apologizes-for-accessing-private-information-on-a-stolen-mobile-phone-belonging-to-labour-mp-siobhain-mcdonagh.md) _Context: mobile phone_
