### [2009-09-30](/news/2009/09/30/index.md)

#  The final report of an international fact-finding mission concludes that Georgia started the 2008 South Ossetia war. 




### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/aponline/2009/09/30/world/AP-EU-Russia-Georgia.html?_r=1)

### Related:

1. [Georgia welcomes the ICC's investigation into alleged war crimes committed during the 2008 South Ossetia war, which will be the first inquiry by the ICC into possible abuses by Moscow and/or Georgia. ](/news/2016/01/28/georgia-welcomes-the-icc-s-investigation-into-alleged-war-crimes-committed-during-the-2008-south-ossetia-war-which-will-be-the-first-inquir.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Georgia_
2. [The President of Russia Dmitry Medvedev states that the decision to go to war with Georgia in 2008 prevented the eastward enlargement of NATO. ](/news/2011/11/21/the-president-of-russia-dmitry-medvedev-states-that-the-decision-to-go-to-war-with-georgia-in-2008-prevented-the-eastward-enlargement-of-nat.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Georgia_
3. [Russian troops withdraw from the Georgian border town of Perevi and are replaced by a Georgian Army unit. Perevi is located just outside South Ossetia, and had been occupied since the 2008 war. ](/news/2010/10/19/russian-troops-withdraw-from-the-georgian-border-town-of-perevi-and-are-replaced-by-a-georgian-army-unit-perevi-is-located-just-outside-sou.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Georgia_
4. [ Georgia accuses Russia of trying to seize more of its territory as the anniversary of the 2008 war between the two countries approaches. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/8181005.stm (BBC)].](/news/2009/08/3/georgia-accuses-russia-of-trying-to-seize-more-of-its-territory-as-the-anniversary-of-the-2008-war-between-the-two-countries-approaches-h.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Georgia_
5. [ NATO and Russia agree to restore military ties after a 10 month period following the 2008 war in Georgia. ](/news/2009/06/27/nato-and-russia-agree-to-restore-military-ties-after-a-10-month-period-following-the-2008-war-in-georgia.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Georgia_
6. [ NATO 2008 Brussels summit NATO member countries decide not to offer MAP to Georgia and Ukraine, the war in South Ossetia and the Ukrainian government collapse being the main reasons.](/news/2008/12/2/nato-2008-brussels-summitp-nato-member-countries-decide-not-to-offer-map-to-georgia-and-ukraine-the-war-in-south-ossetia-and-the-ukrainian.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Georgia_
7. [ Aftermath of the 2008 South Ossetia war: Georgian Interior Ministry claims "shots were fired" at a convoy including Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili and Polish President Lech Kaczynski on the border of Georgia and South Ossetia. Several witnesses travelling with the convoy say they heard the automatic gunfire, though it was unclear from which direction it came. Polish Parliament spokesman later comments the incident was "not very serious at all", though "unfortunate" as it put the Polish president in an "awkward" situation.](/news/2008/11/24/aftermath-of-the-2008-south-ossetia-war-p-georgian-interior-ministry-claims-shots-were-fired-at-a-convoy-including-georgian-president-mik.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Georgia_
8. [ Amnesty International's report on the 2008 South Ossetia war highlights Georgia's role as aggressor and notes evidence of "notoriously inaccurate" Georgian artillery fire resulting in "scores" of civilian deaths in South Ossetia, of aimed artillery fire at Russian peacekeepers base, and of Russian failure to provide defense to civilians during the conflict. ](/news/2008/11/19/amnesty-international-s-report-on-the-2008-south-ossetia-war-highlights-georgia-s-role-as-aggressor-and-notes-evidence-of-notoriously-inac.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Georgia_
9. [ Western donors pledge US$4.5 billion toward the rebuilding of Georgia, which suffered from damage inflicted during short war with Russia, South Ossetia and Abkhazia in August. ](/news/2008/10/22/western-donors-pledge-us-4-5-billion-toward-the-rebuilding-of-georgia-which-suffered-from-damage-inflicted-during-short-war-with-russia-s.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Georgia_
10. [ 2008 South Ossetia war: President of Russia Dmitry Medvedev and President of France Nicolas Sarkozy announced after talks in Moscow that an agreement to pull Russian forces from Georgia within a month has been reached. The agreement has become possible as EU will send 200 civilian monitors to the area and guarantee that Georgia signs a pledge to not use military force in Abkhazia and South Ossetia again. ](/news/2008/09/8/2008-south-ossetia-war-p-president-of-russia-dmitry-medvedev-and-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-announced-after-talks-in-moscow-that-a.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Georgia_
