### [2005-09-13](/news/2005/09/13/index.md)

#  Chief Justice nominee John G. Roberts affirms before the Senate Judiciary Committee today his belief in a constitutional right to privacy, which underpins many Constitutional amendments (viz. 1, 4, 5, 9, 13 and 14) as well as Roe v. Wade. (This does not translate to support specifically for Roe v. Wade.) He answers questions regarding civil rights in wartime, torture and the role on international law in interpreting the Constitution. 

John G. Roberts Jr., appearing before a Senate panel considering his nomination to be the new Chief Justice of the United States, answered questions about the right to privacy, the importance of precedence and Roe v. Wade in the opening round of questioning.


### Source:

1. [NPR](http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=4845368)

### Related:

1. [ The U.S. Senate Committee on the Judiciary votes 13 to 5 for the nomination of John G. Roberts as Chief Justice of the United States. The appointment needs approval of the entire Senate, and that vote is expected during the week of September 26.](/news/2005/09/22/the-u-s-senate-committee-on-the-judiciary-votes-13-to-5-for-the-nomination-of-john-g-roberts-as-chief-justice-of-the-united-states-the-a.md) _Context: Chief Justice, John G. Roberts, U.S. Senate Committee on the Judiciary_
2. [A U.S. federal judge declines plaintiffs request for an emergency order requiring Texas issue birth certificates to U.S.-born children of immigrant families who entered the country illegally. The judge said Matricula Consular cards issued by Mexican consulates to their citizens in the U.S. aren't secure. The U.S. Constitution's 14th Amendment guarantees the right of citizenship to children born in the United States. ](/news/2015/10/16/a-u-s-federal-judge-declines-plaintiffs-request-for-an-emergency-order-requiring-texas-issue-birth-certificates-to-u-s-born-children-of-im.md) _Context: Constitution, United States Constitution_
3. [U.S. Chief Justice John G. Roberts announces he appointed Judge Richard C. Tallman of the Ninth Circuit to the United States Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court of Review for a six-year term beginning January 27, 2014, filling the vacancy that had existed since August, and Judge James E. Boasberg of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia to replace Reggie Walton in the United States Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court for a six-year term in May. ](/news/2014/02/7/u-s-chief-justice-john-g-roberts-announces-he-appointed-judge-richard-c-tallman-of-the-ninth-circuit-to-the-united-states-foreign-intelli.md) _Context: Chief Justice, John G. Roberts_
4. [The U.S. Supreme Court rules that Section 3 of the Defense of Marriage Act is unconstitutional and in violation of the Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution. ](/news/2013/06/26/the-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-section-3-of-the-defense-of-marriage-act-is-unconstitutional-and-in-violation-of-the-fifth-amendment-to-th.md) _Context: Fifth Amendment, United States Constitution_
5. [Timothy Geithner, the United States Secretary of the Treasury, says that President Barack Obama will not invoke the United States Constitution to raise the debt ceiling unilaterally. The idea has been under consideration due to the 14th amendment requiring that "the validity of the public debt of the United States [...] shall not be questioned." ](/news/2011/07/24/timothy-geithner-the-united-states-secretary-of-the-treasury-says-that-president-barack-obama-will-not-invoke-the-united-states-constituti.md) _Context: Constitution, United States Constitution_
6. [ Spain's Central Court of Instruction will investigate whether former United States Attorney General Alberto Gonzales and five other American officials violated international law by justifying torture. ](/news/2009/03/28/spain-s-central-court-of-instruction-will-investigate-whether-former-united-states-attorney-general-alberto-gonzales-and-five-other-america.md) _Context: international law, torture_
7. [ The United Nations Committee Against Torture tells the United States it should close any secret prisons abroad and the Guantnamo Bay facility in Cuba, saying they violate international law. It also calls for the US not to use interrogation techniques that amount to torture and to stop the practice of "extraordinary renditions". ](/news/2006/05/19/the-united-nations-committee-against-torture-tells-the-united-states-it-should-close-any-secret-prisons-abroad-and-the-guantanamo-bay-facil.md) _Context: international law, torture_
8. [The Slants win their case with the Supreme Court of the United States that the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office's rejection of their trademark under the Lanham Act due to their name being "disparaging" is an unconstitutional violation of their free speech rights under the First Amendment. ](/news/2017/06/19/the-slants-win-their-case-with-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-that-the-u-s-patent-and-trademark-office-s-rejection-of-their-tradema.md) _Context: First Amendment_
9. [Nearly 200 members of the Democratic Party in the United States Congress file a lawsuit in the federal court, claiming that U.S. President Trump profits from business dealings with foreign governments, in violation of the United States Constitution's emolument clauses. This is the third such suit of its kind, following on the heels of the most recent suit by the Attorneys General of Maryland and the District of Columbia.](/news/2017/06/14/nearly-200-members-of-the-democratic-party-in-the-united-states-congress-file-a-lawsuit-in-the-federal-court-claiming-that-u-s-president-t.md) _Context: United States Constitution_
10. [Turkey summons United States Ambassador John R. Bass to protest alleged "aggressive and unprofessional actions" by American security personnel against Turkish bodyguards, calling for the United States to conduct a full investigation on the May 17 clashes. The American ambassador told Turkey's government that its guards violated U.S. laws. Last week, the U.S. summoned Turkish Ambassador Serdar Kilic to discuss about Turkish security officers hitting and kicking peaceful protesters outside the Turkish ambassador's residence in Washington, D.C. ](/news/2017/05/22/turkey-summons-united-states-ambassador-john-r-bass-to-protest-alleged-aggressive-and-unprofessional-actions-by-american-security-personn.md) _Context: First Amendment_
