### [2008-02-16](/news/2008/02/16/index.md)

#  United States presidential election, 2008: A majority of Michigan's Republican delegates say that they will support John McCain following the withdrawal of Michigan primary winner Mitt Romney from the race. McCain has also won the allegiance of a majority of Louisiana delegates. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Google News](http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5g8-DEMtAE9q4i4ySQ0eV_qZefmRQD8URLUUO0)
2. [AP via Google News](http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5gUSEb3otSltjMiqOhs0CLj_ma5CAD8URJPSO0)

### Related:

1. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Former Governor of Arkansas Mike Huckabee wins the Kansas Republican Party caucus and the Louisiana primary. ](/news/2008/02/9/united-states-presidential-election-2008-p-former-governor-of-arkansas-mike-huckabee-wins-the-kansas-republican-party-caucus-and-the-louis.md) _Context: 2008, Louisiana, Republicans, primary election_
2. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Arizona Senator John McCain wins the Wisconsin and Washington Republican Party primary election. ](/news/2008/02/19/united-states-presidential-election-2008-p-arizona-senator-john-mccain-wins-the-wisconsin-and-washington-republican-party-primary-election.md) _Context: 2008, John McCain, Republicans, primary election_
3. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Voters in New Hampshire go to the polls for the first primary election to determine presidential nominees for the Democratic and Republican parties. New York Senator Hillary Clinton wins the Democratic primary. Arizona Senator John McCain wins the Republican primary. ](/news/2008/01/8/united-states-presidential-election-2008-p-voters-in-new-hampshire-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-primary-election-to-determine-presidentia.md) _Context: 2008, John McCain, Republicans, primary election_
4. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Mitt Romney wins the Republican Michigan primary with John McCain finishing second. Hillary Clinton wins the Democratic contest but she was the only leading contender in that election. Democratic candidates brace for a competitive primary in Nevada while Republicans contend for the South Carolina primary. ](/news/2008/01/15/united-states-presidential-election-2008-mitt-romney-wins-the-republican-michigan-primary-with-john-mccain-finishing-second-hillary-clin.md) _Context: 2008, John McCain, Mitt Romney, Republicans_
5. [John McCain wins the Republican Party primary election to become the nominee in the US Senate election in Arizona. ](/news/2010/08/24/john-mccain-wins-the-republican-party-primary-election-to-become-the-nominee-in-the-us-senate-election-in-arizona.md) _Context: John McCain, Republicans, primary election_
6. [ United States general elections: Democrat Barack Obama wins the 2008 United States presidential election after beating Republican John McCain, becoming the first African American to be elected to the office of President of the United States. ](/news/2008/11/4/united-states-general-elections-p-democrat-barack-obama-wins-the-2008-united-states-presidential-election-after-beating-republican-john-mcc.md) _Context: 2008, John McCain, Republicans_
7. [ Senator John McCain officially accepts the nomination of the Republican Party in the United States presidential election, 2008. ](/news/2008/09/4/senator-john-mccain-officially-accepts-the-nomination-of-the-republican-party-in-the-united-states-presidential-election-2008.md) _Context: 2008, John McCain, Republicans_
8. [ John McCain picks Alaska Governor Sarah Palin as his vice-presidential running mate for the Republican nomination for the U.S. presidential election. ](/news/2008/08/29/john-mccain-picks-alaska-governor-sarah-palin-as-his-vice-presidential-running-mate-for-the-republican-nomination-for-the-u-s-presidential.md) _Context: 2008, John McCain, Republicans_
9. [ The America's Climate Security Act of 2007, a greenhouse gas emissions reduction bill, stalls in the U.S. Senate after a 48-36 vote fails to invoke cloture on a Republican filibuster. Presidential candidates John McCain and Barack Obama were among six senators absent from the vote who expressed support for the bill. ](/news/2008/06/6/the-america-s-climate-security-act-of-2007-a-greenhouse-gas-emissions-reduction-bill-stalls-in-the-u-s-senate-after-a-48-36-vote-fails-t.md) _Context: 2008, John McCain, Republicans_
10. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Voters in Nevada and South Carolina go to the polls to determine presidential nominations for the Republican and Democratic parties. Former Governor of Massachusetts Mitt Romney wins the Nevada Republican caucus. ](/news/2008/01/19/united-states-presidential-election-2008-p-voters-in-nevada-and-south-carolina-go-to-the-polls-to-determine-presidential-nominations-for-t.md) _Context: 2008, Mitt Romney, Republicans_
