### [2016-04-6](/news/2016/04/6/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War. Aleppo offensive (April 2016). The Syrian Army and its allies launch an offensive south of Aleppo. 




### Source:

1. [Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Breaking-News/Syrian-army-allies-launch-large-attack-south-of-Aleppo-450382)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War. Battle of Aleppo (2012-16). The Syrian Army says it is now in full control of the city of Aleppo following the evacuation of the last group of rebels to the Idlib Governorate. ](/news/2016/12/22/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-aleppo-2012-16-the-syrian-army-says-it-is-now-in-full-control-of-the-city-of-aleppo-following-the-evacuatio.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Syrian Civil War. Airstrikes hit Darkush in Idlib Province near the Turkish border, killing at least 23 people, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. At least 25 died when rebels shelled government-held areas of Aleppo. Friday is the last day of a 72-hour Syrian Army-sponsored ceasefire. ](/news/2016/07/8/syrian-civil-war-airstrikes-hit-darkush-in-idlib-province-near-the-turkish-border-killing-at-least-23-people-according-to-the-syrian-obse.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian Civil War. Rebels in Aleppo launch an assault on government-controlled areas in the city. This comes after the Syrian Army blocked off the only road leading into opposition-controlled areas. According to state media, at least eight people have been killed and dozens more are wounded. ](/news/2016/07/11/syrian-civil-war-rebels-in-aleppo-launch-an-assault-on-government-controlled-areas-in-the-city-this-comes-after-the-syrian-army-blocked-of.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian Civil War. Battle of Aleppo (2012-present). ISIL militants cut off the Syrian Army's main supply route to the city of Aleppo and capture the village of Khanasir, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2016/02/23/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-aleppo-2012-present-isil-militants-cut-off-the-syrian-army-s-main-supply-route-to-the-city-of-aleppo-and-ca.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Syrian Civil War. Islamic State fighters take control of a section of road running between the towns of Khanaser and Ithriya, southeast of Aleppo, according to a monitoring group. This threatens the Syrian army's only supply route into the city. ](/news/2015/10/23/syrian-civil-war-islamic-state-fighters-take-control-of-a-section-of-road-running-between-the-towns-of-khanaser-and-ithriya-southeast-of-a.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian Civil War. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights estimates that at least 70 Syrian Army soldiers and more than 80 insurgents have died in recent fighting around the city of Aleppo. ](/news/2015/02/18/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-estimates-that-at-least-70-syrian-army-soldiers-and-more-than-80-insurgents-have-d.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian civil war:. The Syrian Army claims success in its major ground offensive against the opposition-held neighborhoods of Aleppo. ](/news/2012/08/9/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-army-claims-success-in-its-major-ground-offensive-against-the-opposition-held-neighborhoods-of-aleppo.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian civil war:. The Syrian Army increases artillery shelling of Aleppo as the Free Syrian Army tries to consolidate its control of the city's eastern districts. ](/news/2012/08/3/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-army-increases-artillery-shelling-of-aleppo-as-the-free-syrian-army-tries-to-consolidate-its-control-of-the-ci.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian civil war:. The Syrian Army is reportedly preparing for a large-scale offensive in Aleppo, with the US State Department citing credible reports of tank columns moving into the city, backed by special forces, helicopter gunships and fixed-wing aircraft. ](/news/2012/07/26/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-army-is-reportedly-preparing-for-a-large-scale-offensive-in-aleppo-with-the-us-state-department-citing-credib.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian Civil War. Central Syria campaign (July 2017-present). A Syrian Army commando unit backed by Russian warplanes and helicopters kills 25 ISIL militants in Central Syria, in the northeast of the Homs Governorate. ](/news/2017/08/13/syrian-civil-war-central-syria-campaign-july-2017-present-a-syrian-army-commando-unit-backed-by-russian-warplanes-and-helicopters-kill.md) _Context: Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
