### [2016-04-6](/news/2016/04/6/index.md)

# The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, in a majority vote, ordered an "indefinite" halt in the war crimes trial of Croatian Serb rebel leader Goran Hadzic, who is terminally ill with brain cancer and declared "unfit to stand trial." Hadzic was charged with 14 war crimes and crimes against humanity for his role in the 1991-95 war in Croatia. 




### Source:

1. [Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty](http://www.rferl.org/content/hague-war-crimes-court-halts-trial-ill-serbian-leader-hadzic/27657192.html)

### Related:

1. [Serbia arrests Goran Hadzic, a Croatian Serb wartime leader, indicted for alleged crimes against humanity during the Croatian War of Independence. ](/news/2011/07/20/serbia-arrests-goran-hada3-4ia-a-croatian-serb-wartime-leader-indicted-for-alleged-crimes-against-humanity-during-the-croatian-war-of-indep.md) _Context: 1991-95 war, Croatia, Croatian Serb, Goran Hadzic_
2. [The war crime convictions of Ante Gotovina and Mladen Markac are overturned by a war crimes tribunal in The Hague. The Croatian generals had been convicted and sentenced last year for atrocities against Serbs during the 1990's Yugoslav Wars. ](/news/2012/11/16/the-war-crime-convictions-of-ante-gotovina-and-mladen-markaa-are-overturned-by-a-war-crimes-tribunal-in-the-hague-the-croatian-generals-ha.md) _Context: Croatia, Croatian Serb, International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia_
3. [Yugoslav Wars. Former Deputy Prime Minister of Serbia and nationalist politician, Vojislav Seselj, is acquitted of all nine charges of committing atrocities in Bosnia and Croatia during the early 1990s by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia. ](/news/2016/03/31/yugoslav-wars-former-deputy-prime-minister-of-serbia-and-nationalist-politician-vojislav-a-ea-elj-is-acquitted-of-all-nine-charges-of-com.md) _Context: Croatia, International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia_
4. [The war crime convictions of Momcilo Perisic are overturned by a war crimes tribunal in The Hague. The Serbian general had been convicted and sentenced in 2011 for atrocities perpetrated both during wars in Croatia and Bosnia. ](/news/2013/02/28/the-war-crime-convictions-of-momailo-peria-ia-are-overturned-by-a-war-crimes-tribunal-in-the-hague-the-serbian-general-had-been-convicted.md) _Context: 1991-95 war, International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia_
5. [2011 Croatian protests:. Tens of thousands of protesters meet in the Croatian capital Zagreb's Ban Jelacic Square to express their support for indicted Croatian War of Independence veterans and ask Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor's government to resign. ](/news/2011/02/26/2011-croatian-protests-tens-of-thousands-of-protesters-meet-in-the-croatian-capital-zagreb-s-ban-jelaaia-square-to-express-their-support.md) _Context: 1991-95 war, Croatia_
6. [ Australia extradites Antun Gudelj to Croatia for the 1991 murder of Josip Reihl-Kir, the police chief of Osijek and two associates - this event fueled tensions during the Croatian War of Independence. ](/news/2007/07/15/australia-extradites-antun-gudelj-to-croatia-for-the-1991-murder-of-josip-reihl-kir-the-police-chief-of-osijek-and-two-associates-this-e.md) _Context: 1991-95 war, Croatia_
7. [ Croatian general Ante Gotovina, rated the third-most-wanted war criminal from the Yugoslav wars by the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia, is arrested by Spanish police in Tenerife and extradited to face the tribunal in The Hague. ](/news/2005/12/8/croatian-general-ante-gotovina-rated-the-third-most-wanted-war-criminal-from-the-yugoslav-wars-by-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for.md) _Context: Croatia, International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia_
8. [ European Union postpones negotiations for Croatia's possible membership. Delegates state that Zagreb has not cooperated with the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia in trying to arrest suspected war criminal Ante Golovina. ](/news/2005/03/16/european-union-postpones-negotiations-for-croatia-s-possible-membership-delegates-state-that-zagreb-has-not-cooperated-with-the-internatio.md) _Context: Croatia, International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia_
9. [United States-European Union relations. The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/united-states-european-union-relations-the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-go.md) _Context: Croatia_
10. [Croatian parliamentary election, 2016. Croatian lawmakers approve conservative Croatian Democratic Union party leader Andrej Plenkovic's new coalition government 91-45. ](/news/2016/10/19/croatian-parliamentary-election-2016-croatian-lawmakers-approve-conservative-croatian-democratic-union-party-leader-andrej-plenkovia-s-ne.md) _Context: Croatia_
