### [2016-04-6](/news/2016/04/6/index.md)

# The self-declared National Salvation government, one of the rival governments of Libya, resigns and gives up power to the UN-backed Libyan Presidential Council in Tripoli. 

Announcement comes as new UN-brokered unity government seeks to establish itself in Tripoli


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/apr/06/libyas-self-declared-national-salvation-government-steps-down)
1. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/bc7e4cd5e29bd184d5f60d174cffe7bc23f18bee/0_167_3300_1980/master/3300.jpg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxNi8wNS8yNS9vdmVybGF5LWxvZ28tMTIwMC05MF9vcHQucG5n&amp;s=3ae34eeba4399b2f90c4f09dd851e56c)

### Related:

1. [The United Nations-backed Libyan Presidential Council arrives in Tripoli despite warnings by hardliners opposed to any unity government that they will attempt to keep them out of the city. ](/news/2016/03/30/the-united-nations-backed-libyan-presidential-council-arrives-in-tripoli-despite-warnings-by-hardliners-opposed-to-any-unity-government-that.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Libyan Presidential Council, Tripoli, United Nations_
2. [ At least eight are killed in clashes in Tripoli, Libya. ](/news/2016/12/2/at-least-eight-are-killed-in-clashes-in-tripoli-libya.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Tripoli_
3. [The United States launches airstrikes on ISIL positions in the Libyan city of Sirte following a request from the UN-backed Government of National Accord. Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj, in a televised address, says the strikes have caused "heavy ISIL losses". ](/news/2016/08/1/the-united-states-launches-airstrikes-on-isil-positions-in-the-libyan-city-of-sirte-following-a-request-from-the-un-backed-government-of-nat.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), United Nations_
4. [The unrecognized House of Representatives, one of the rival governments based in eastern Libya, ships its first cargo of crude oil in defiance of the U.N.-backed authorities in the capital Tripoli in a move that could deepen divisions within the country. The Tripoli-based government asked the United Nations Security Council yesterday to blacklist the tanker. ](/news/2016/04/27/the-unrecognized-house-of-representatives-one-of-the-rival-governments-based-in-eastern-libya-ships-its-first-cargo-of-crude-oil-in-defian.md) _Context: Libya, Tripoli, United Nations_
5. [Martin Kobler, United Nations envoy to Libya, announces the country's two rival parliaments agreement to set a target date of Dec. 16 to sign a U.N.-sponsored agreement on forming a national unity government. ](/news/2015/12/11/martin-kobler-united-nations-envoy-to-libya-announces-the-country-s-two-rival-parliaments-agreement-to-set-a-target-date-of-dec-16-to-sig.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), United Nations_
6. [A car-bomb kills five guards at a checkpoint east of the Libyan capital, Tripoli. ](/news/2015/11/24/a-car-bomb-kills-five-guards-at-a-checkpoint-east-of-the-libyan-capital-tripoli.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Tripoli_
7. [The United Nations envoy for Libya, Bernardino Leon, proposes a government of national unity for Libya led by Fayez Sarraj as Prime Minister. ](/news/2015/10/9/the-united-nations-envoy-for-libya-bernardino-lea3n-proposes-a-government-of-national-unity-for-libya-led-by-fayez-sarraj-as-prime-ministe.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), United Nations_
8. [A Libyan helicopter carrying cash for a local bank on the way out and returning to Tripoli with passengers is shot down near the coastal Almaya area west of the capital city, killing at least 14 of its 23 passengers including senior officers Hosein Bodaya and Duhain Al-Rammah, officials with Libya's Dawn militias. ](/news/2015/10/27/a-libyan-helicopter-carrying-cash-for-a-local-bank-on-the-way-out-and-returning-to-tripoli-with-passengers-is-shot-down-near-the-coastal-alm.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Tripoli_
9. [At least nine people are killed and dozens injured in the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi after several mortar shells hit a protest against a UN proposal for a unity government to end the four-year long crisis in the country. ](/news/2015/10/23/at-least-nine-people-are-killed-and-dozens-injured-in-the-eastern-libyan-city-of-benghazi-after-several-mortar-shells-hit-a-protest-against.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), United Nations_
10. [Five gunmen at the Libyan Corinthia Hotel in Tripoli attack with at least ten dead. The hotel was previously the location in 2013 where a former prime minister was abducted. ](/news/2015/01/27/five-gunmen-at-the-libyan-corinthia-hotel-in-tripoli-attack-with-at-least-ten-dead-the-hotel-was-previously-the-location-in-2013-where-a-fo.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Tripoli_
