### [2016-04-6](/news/2016/04/6/index.md)

# Voters in the Netherlands go to the polls for a non-binding referendum on approval of the Ukraine-European Union Association Agreement. 

If the organisers of Wednesday&#039;s referendum don&#039;t care about Ukraine, the Dutch government should give them what they ask for and ignore the results.


### Source:

1. [EU Observer](https://euobserver.com/opinion/132908)
2. [Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty](http://www.rferl.org/content/dutch-voters-solidly-reject-european-union-pact-with-ukraine-nonbinding-referendum/27659278.html)
2. [Cover Image](https://s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/euobs-media/fc89f72798eb98bae46ed25c7c44d9ac-480x.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The Dutch Senate approves the European Union's Association Agreement with Ukraine, setting the stage for it to be ratified as early as July, pending royal promulgation. The process was previously delayed by a non-binding referendum where a majority of Dutch voters rejected ratification of the agreement. ](/news/2017/05/30/the-dutch-senate-approves-the-european-union-s-association-agreement-with-ukraine-setting-the-stage-for-it-to-be-ratified-as-early-as-july.md) _Context: European Union's Association Agreement with Ukraine, non-binding referendum_
2. [In Vijfhuizen, the Netherlands, exactly three years after the Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 (MH17) disaster, the National Memorial for the victims is opened in the presence of King Willem-Alexander, Queen Maxima and Prime Minister Mark Rutte. ](/news/2017/07/17/in-vijfhuizen-the-netherlands-exactly-three-years-after-the-malaysia-airlines-flight-17-mh17-disaster-the-national-memorial-for-the-vic.md) _Context: Netherlands_
3. [An appeals court in The Hague rules that Netherlands is partly to blame for the deaths of some 350 Muslim Bosnian men in the 1995 Srebrenica genocide and, in a move considered landmark, orders it to pay limited damages. ](/news/2017/06/27/an-appeals-court-in-the-hague-rules-that-netherlands-is-partly-to-blame-for-the-deaths-of-some-350-muslim-bosnian-men-in-the-1995-srebrenica.md) _Context: Netherlands_
4. [Eight people are injured, two seriously, when a car drives into several people in front of the Amsterdam Centraal station in the Netherlands. Police say the driver may have taken ill; they are not treating this as terrorism-related. ](/news/2017/06/10/eight-people-are-injured-two-seriously-when-a-car-drives-into-several-people-in-front-of-the-amsterdam-centraal-station-in-the-netherlands.md) _Context: Netherlands_
5. [A judge in Alkmaar, the Netherlands, grants a 12-year-old boy the right to decide for himself on whether or not to continue chemotherapy. The ruling was based on a psychiatric evaluation of the patient as being "capable of a reasonable evaluation of his interests and realizes the consequences -- including the negative ones -- of his decision." ](/news/2017/05/12/a-judge-in-alkmaar-the-netherlands-grants-a-12-year-old-boy-the-right-to-decide-for-himself-on-whether-or-not-to-continue-chemotherapy-th.md) _Context: Netherlands_
6. [A Filipino lawyer files a complaint of "mass murder and crimes against humanity" against Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte and eleven other officials at the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2017/04/24/a-filipino-lawyer-files-a-complaint-of-mass-murder-and-crimes-against-humanity-against-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-and-eleven-ot.md) _Context: Netherlands_
7. [Dutch businessman Guus Kouwenhoven is found guilty of war crimes and arms trafficking for using his lumber business to sell weapons to Liberia's former president Charles Taylor during the country's civil war between 2000 and 2003 and is sentenced to 19 years in prison. ](/news/2017/04/22/dutch-businessman-guus-kouwenhoven-is-found-guilty-of-war-crimes-and-arms-trafficking-for-using-his-lumber-business-to-sell-weapons-to-liber.md) _Context: Netherlands_
8. [Voters in the Netherlands go to the polls for a general election. Exit polls suggest that incumbent Prime Minister Mark Rutte's People's Party for Freedom and Democracy will win the most seats in the election. ](/news/2017/03/15/voters-in-the-netherlands-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-exit-polls-suggest-that-incumbent-prime-minister-mark-rutte-s-people-s-par.md) _Context: Netherlands_
9. [Turkey bans the Dutch ambassador, Cornelis Van Rij, from returning to the Embassy of the Netherlands in Ankara, and closes its airspace to Dutch diplomats in response to a Dutch ban on Turkish ministers speaking at pro-Erdogan rallies. ](/news/2017/03/13/turkey-bans-the-dutch-ambassador-cornelis-van-rij-from-returning-to-the-embassy-of-the-netherlands-in-ankara-and-closes-its-airspace-to-d.md) _Context: Netherlands_
10. [The Guatemalan army blockades a ship from the Dutch NGO Women on Waves that provides material for abortions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-guatemalan-army-blockades-a-ship-from-the-dutch-ngo-women-on-waves-that-provides-material-for-abortions.md) _Context: Netherlands_
