### [2012-11-28](/news/2012/11/28/index.md)

# The United States Environmental Protection Agency announces that BP has been suspended from bidding on future US government contracts as a result of the 2010 "Deepwater Horizon" oil spill. 




### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2012-11-28/bp-temporarily-suspended-from-new-contracts-with-u-s-government.html)

### Related:

1. [The United States Environmental Protection Agency issues new regulations aiming to cut carbon emissions in the US power sector by 30 percent from 2005 levels by 2030. ](/news/2014/06/2/the-united-states-environmental-protection-agency-issues-new-regulations-aiming-to-cut-carbon-emissions-in-the-us-power-sector-by-30-percent.md) _Context: Environmental Protection Agency, United States_
2. [For $8.5 billion, ten banks settle to stop mortgage foreclosure process audits. The United States government regulators had been engaged in a loan-by-loan review of home loan practices during the Great Recession. Bank of America, Citigroup Inc, JPMorgan Chase & Co, Wells Fargo & Co, MetLife Bank, Aurora Bank FSB, PNC Financial Services Group Inc, Sovereign Bank NA, SunTrust Banks Inc, and U.S. Bancorp settle with regulators to pay out cash up to $125,000 to homeowners whose homes were being foreclosed when the paperwork problems emerged. Further, Bank of America agrees to pay $11.6 billion to government mortgage finance company Fannie Mae. ](/news/2013/01/7/for-8-5-billion-ten-banks-settle-to-stop-mortgage-foreclosure-process-audits-the-united-states-government-regulators-had-been-engaged-in.md) _Context: United States, government_
3. [It is revealed that BP chief executive Tony Hayward is negotiating his terms of exit after being negatively criticised by politicians in the United States over his handling of the Deepwater Horizon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico. ](/news/2010/07/25/it-is-revealed-that-bp-chief-executive-tony-hayward-is-negotiating-his-terms-of-exit-after-being-negatively-criticised-by-politicians-in-the.md) _Context: BP, United States_
4. [Energy company BP announces it is to sell billions worth of assets in Canada, Egypt, Pakistan, United States and Vietnam to part-fund the clean-up cost of the Deepwater Horizon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico. ](/news/2010/07/21/energy-company-bp-announces-it-is-to-sell-billions-worth-of-assets-in-canada-egypt-pakistan-united-states-and-vietnam-to-part-fund-the-cl.md) _Context: BP, United States_
5. [ A nationwide "Chicago Tea Party" occurred across the United States, where protesters say government spending is out of control. ](/news/2009/02/27/a-nationwide-chicago-tea-party-occurred-across-the-united-states-where-protesters-say-government-spending-is-out-of-control.md) _Context: United States, government_
6. [ The United States Environmental Protection Agency sets a new standard, cutting the amount of lead that can be released into the atmosphere by 90 percent. ](/news/2008/10/16/the-united-states-environmental-protection-agency-sets-a-new-standard-cutting-the-amount-of-lead-that-can-be-released-into-the-atmosphere.md) _Context: Environmental Protection Agency, United States_
7. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: United States_
8. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: United States_
9. [The United States Department of Justice has requested Moscow-based Russian media channel RT America to register as a foreign lobbying firm in the United States. ](/news/2017/09/12/the-united-states-department-of-justice-has-requested-moscow-based-russian-media-channel-rt-america-to-register-as-a-foreign-lobbying-firm-i.md) _Context: United States_
10. [The United States State Department orders Russia to close the Consulate-General in San Francisco and two other buildings by September 2, 2017, invoking "parity" over a Russian measure in July. ](/news/2017/08/31/the-united-states-state-department-orders-russia-to-close-the-consulate-general-in-san-francisco-and-two-other-buildings-by-september-2-201.md) _Context: United States_
