### [2012-11-28](/news/2012/11/28/index.md)

# The European Commission approves a Spanish government plan to shrink and restructure three major Spanish banks (Bankia, NCG Banco and Catalunya Banc) and sell a fourth (Banco de Valencia). 

The European Commission gives the go-ahead to a major restructuring of four nationalised Spanish banks, which includes bank closures and thousands of job losses.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-20523753)

### Related:

1. [The European Commission imposes a record EUR2.42bn antitrust fine on internet giant Google for manipulating its search engine results. ](/news/2017/06/27/the-european-commission-imposes-a-record-a-2-42bn-antitrust-fine-on-internet-giant-google-for-manipulating-its-search-engine-results.md) _Context: European Commission_
2. [The closely-watched CEVIPOF poll shows Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen clinging to a narrow lead heading into the first stage of the election, with Le Pen recently becoming embroiled in a spat with the European Commission after refusing to appear on TF1 while there remained a Flag of Europe in the background. ](/news/2017/04/19/the-closely-watched-cevipof-poll-shows-emmanuel-macron-and-marine-le-pen-clinging-to-a-narrow-lead-heading-into-the-first-stage-of-the-elect.md) _Context: European Commission_
3. [The European Commission, based on the  Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe report, calls on Turkey to launch an investigation into allegations of referendum voting irregularities. ](/news/2017/04/18/the-european-commission-based-on-the-organization-for-security-and-co-operation-in-europe-report-calls-on-turkey-to-launch-an-investigati.md) _Context: European Commission_
4. [The European Commission blocks the third attempt of the London Stock Exchange and Deutsche Borse at a merger, citing the danger of a "de facto monopoly in the crucial area of fixed income instruments". ](/news/2017/03/29/the-european-commission-blocks-the-third-attempt-of-the-london-stock-exchange-and-deutsche-baprse-at-a-merger-citing-the-danger-of-a-de-fa.md) _Context: European Commission_
5. [The European Union's 28 member states formally accept Bosnia and Herzegovina's membership application. The European Commission (EC) will now determine whether Bosnia meets the criteria to join the union, a process that is expected to take a year. ](/news/2016/09/20/the-european-union-s-28-member-states-formally-accept-bosnia-and-herzegovina-s-membership-application-the-european-commission-ec-will-now.md) _Context: European Commission_
6. [The French government calls on former European Commission chief Jose Manuel Barroso not to take a job with investment bank Goldman Sachs, after some EU politicians demanded Barroso be sanctioned for accepting the new position that raises questions about the EU's conflict of interest rules. ](/news/2016/07/14/the-french-government-calls-on-former-european-commission-chief-josa-c-manuel-barroso-not-to-take-a-job-with-investment-bank-goldman-sachs-a.md) _Context: European Commission_
7. [United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016:European Commission president Jean-Claude Juncker warns the British voters, saying that there would be no re-negotiations with Britain whatever outcome of its membership referendum. ](/news/2016/06/22/united-kingdom-european-union-membership-referendum-2016-peuropean-commission-president-jean-claude-juncker-warns-the-british-voters-sayin.md) _Context: European Commission_
8. [The European Commission  proposes an end-of-year target date for lifting internal border checks and restoring the 26-nation, passport-free Schengen Area. ](/news/2016/03/4/the-european-commission-proposes-an-end-of-year-target-date-for-lifting-internal-border-checks-and-restoring-the-26-nation-passport-free-s.md) _Context: European Commission_
9. [Negotiators for the European Commission and the United States agree on a pact protecting data transfers across the North Atlantic by companies such as Google and Amazon, imposing on such companies certain privacy shield obligations. ](/news/2016/02/2/negotiators-for-the-european-commission-and-the-united-states-agree-on-a-pact-protecting-data-transfers-across-the-north-atlantic-by-compani.md) _Context: European Commission_
10. [The Constitutional Court of Spain agrees to hear an appeal by the national government against a bid for independence by Catalonia suspending legal bids for secession. ](/news/2015/11/11/the-constitutional-court-of-spain-agrees-to-hear-an-appeal-by-the-national-government-against-a-bid-for-independence-by-catalonia-suspending.md) _Context: national government_
