### [2016-10-6](/news/2016/10/6/index.md)

# An altercation with a fellow UKIP MEP inside the European Parliament leaves UK Independence Party, Member of the European Parliament, and current UKIP party leadership favorite Steven Woolfe hospitalized. 

A clash between two Ukip MEPs which ended up with one of them in hospital was &ldquo;one of those things that happens between men&rdquo;, Nigel Farage has said.


### Source:

1. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/10/06/ukip-leadership-favourite-steven-woolfe--in-serious-condition-af/)

### Related:

1. [Suzanne Evans, former UK Independence Party (UKIP) deputy chairman, and Paul Nuttall, President of the Initiative for Direct Democracy in Europe and Member of the European Parliament, each announce their candidacy for the UKIP leadership position, now held on interim basis by Nigel Farage. Other confirmed candidates are Bill Etheridge, Raheem Kassam, and Peter Whittle. ](/news/2016/10/23/suzanne-evans-former-uk-independence-party-ukip-deputy-chairman-and-paul-nuttall-president-of-the-initiative-for-direct-democracy-in-eu.md) _Context: Member of the European Parliament, UK Independence Party_
2. [Nigel Farage resigns as leader of the UK Independence Party (UKIP) but says he and other MEPs/MPs of the party would continue to carry out their term in the European Parliament. ](/news/2016/07/4/nigel-farage-resigns-as-leader-of-the-uk-independence-party-ukip-but-says-he-and-other-meps-mps-of-the-party-would-continue-to-carry-out-t.md) _Context: European Parliament, UK Independence Party_
3. [Former United Kingdom Independence Party Member of the European Parliament Ashley Mote is jailed for 5 years for fraudulently claiming almost 500k in European Parliament expenses. ](/news/2015/07/13/former-united-kingdom-independence-party-member-of-the-european-parliament-ashley-mote-is-jailed-for-5-years-for-fraudulently-claiming-almos.md) _Context: European Parliament, Member of the European Parliament_
4. [UK Independence Party MEP Marta Andreasen announces she is leaving the party to join the Conservatives. ](/news/2013/02/22/uk-independence-party-mep-marta-andreasen-announces-she-is-leaving-the-party-to-join-the-conservatives.md) _Context: Member of the European Parliament, UK Independence Party_
5. [There is a row in the European Parliament as French and German MEPs attack Ireland's 12.5% corporate tax rate. ](/news/2010/11/30/there-is-a-row-in-the-european-parliament-as-french-and-german-meps-attack-ireland-s-12-5-corporate-tax-rate.md) _Context: European Parliament, Member of the European Parliament_
6. [UK Independence Party MEP Godfrey Bloom is expelled from the chamber of the European Parliament after calling German Socialist MEP Martin Schulz an "undemocratic fascist". ](/news/2010/11/24/uk-independence-party-mep-godfrey-bloom-is-expelled-from-the-chamber-of-the-european-parliament-after-calling-german-socialist-mep-martin-sc.md) _Context: European Parliament, UK Independence Party_
7. [ A further three British Conservative MEPs (Robert Atkins, Sajjad Karim, and John Purvis) are facing allegations of financial abuse, following the resignation of two fellow members from European Parliament positions last week. ](/news/2008/06/9/a-further-three-british-conservative-meps-robert-atkins-sajjad-karim-and-john-purvis-are-facing-allegations-of-financial-abuse-followi.md) _Context: European Parliament, Member of the European Parliament_
8. [ The European Parliament far right bloc, Identity, Tradition, Sovereignty, collapses after five Romanian MEPs resign following Alessandra Mussolini's claim that Romanians are "habitual law-breakers". ](/news/2007/11/14/the-european-parliament-far-right-bloc-identity-tradition-sovereignty-collapses-after-five-romanian-meps-resign-following-alessandra-mu.md) _Context: European Parliament, Member of the European Parliament_
9. [ Liberal Democrat MEP for London, Sarah Ludford, who is leading a European Parliament investigation into the U.S. policy of "extraordinary rendition", says she may invite Vice President of the United States Dick Cheney, United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld or United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice to testify. ](/news/2006/01/26/liberal-democrat-mep-for-london-sarah-ludford-who-is-leading-a-european-parliament-investigation-into-the-u-s-policy-of-extraordinary-r.md) _Context: European Parliament, Member of the European Parliament_
10. [Members of the European Parliament call for the release of detained senator Leila de Lima and allow her to fulfill her duties. ](/news/2017/07/21/members-of-the-european-parliament-call-for-the-release-of-detained-senator-leila-de-lima-and-allow-her-to-fulfill-her-duties.md) _Context: European Parliament_
