### [2016-10-6](/news/2016/10/6/index.md)

# Hurricane Matthew moves towards the United States with hundreds of thousands of people being evacuated from the states of Florida and South Carolina. 

President Barack Obama&rsquo;s declaration, requested by Florida Gov. Rick Scott, authorizes federal aid to deal with what&rsquo;s expected to be a very damaging storm.


### Source:

1. [AP via Philly.com](http://www.philly.com/philly/news/nation_world/20161006_ap_51dd6d3a6a234b6f8c748789bf865bb2.html)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-storm-matthew-idUSKCN1250G2)
3. [The Miami Herald](http://www.miamiherald.com/news/weather/hurricane/article106421797.html)
4. [The National Hurricane Center](http://www.nhc.noaa.gov/text/refresh/MIATCPAT4+shtml/061755.shtml)
5. [The National Hurricane Center](http://www.nhc.noaa.gov/text/refresh/MIATCPAT4+shtml/062354.shtml?)
6. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/weather/2016/10/05/hurricane-matthew-leaves-11-dead-path-toward-us/91596552/?utm_source=feedblitz&utm_medium=FeedBlitzRss&utm_campaign=usatoday-newstopstories)

### Related:

1. [Hurricane Matthew kills at least 26 people on the island of Hispaniola; 22 in Haiti and four more in the Dominican Republic. The U.S. National Hurricane Center predicts the storm, currently a Category 3 with  maximum sustained winds of  115 mph (185 km/h), will strengthen as it moves across the Bahamas tonight and tomorrow, and be near the east coast of Florida by tomorrow evening. ](/news/2016/10/5/hurricane-matthew-kills-at-least-26-people-on-the-island-of-hispaniola-22-in-haiti-and-four-more-in-the-dominican-republic-the-u-s-nation.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season, Florida, Hurricane Matthew_
2. [The death toll in the United States from Hurricane Matthew rises to 27 with at least five people still missing in North Carolina. Governor Pat McCrory warns that the state's swollen rivers are still rising with flooding continuing to pose threats to life and property this week. The storm, downgraded to a post-tropical cyclone yesterday, moves away from the U.S. coastline on an east-northeast track. ](/news/2016/10/10/the-death-toll-in-the-united-states-from-hurricane-matthew-rises-to-27-with-at-least-five-people-still-missing-in-north-carolina-governor-p.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Matthew, U.S._
3. [Texas confirms its first case of locally transmitted Zika virus by mosquitoes, becoming the second U.S. state to report a local transmission of the virus after Florida. The Texas Department of State Health Services says the case involves a woman living in Cameron County, who is not pregnant. ](/news/2016/11/28/texas-confirms-its-first-case-of-locally-transmitted-zika-virus-by-mosquitoes-becoming-the-second-u-s-state-to-report-a-local-transmission.md) _Context: Florida, U.S._
4. [Hurricane Matthew, responsible for killing 13 people and knocking out power to 2.2 million households and businesses in the Southeastern United States, is now a Category 1 hurricane (75 mph;120 km/h winds) approaching the North Carolina coast. ](/news/2016/10/8/hurricane-matthew-responsible-for-killing-13-people-and-knocking-out-power-to-2-2-million-households-and-businesses-in-the-southeastern-uni.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Matthew_
5. [Hurricane Matthew hits the southeastern United States as the death toll in Haiti rises to at least 877. ](/news/2016/10/7/hurricane-matthew-hits-the-southeastern-united-states-as-the-death-toll-in-haiti-rises-to-at-least-877.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Matthew_
6. [Weather forecasters track Hurricane Matthew as it makes landfall in Haiti and issue hurricane warnings for Cuba and the Bahamas. ](/news/2016/10/4/weather-forecasters-track-hurricane-matthew-as-it-makes-landfall-in-haiti-and-issue-hurricane-warnings-for-cuba-and-the-bahamas.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Matthew_
7. [Heavy rains from Hurricane Matthew's outer bands drench Haiti and Jamaica, killing a Haitian fisherman. The Category 4 storm, with 140 mph ((220 km/h) maximum sustained winds), is heading towards western Haiti, eastern Cuba, and the southeastern and central Bahamas. ](/news/2016/10/3/heavy-rains-from-hurricane-matthew-s-outer-bands-drench-haiti-and-jamaica-killing-a-haitian-fisherman-the-category-4-storm-with-140-mph.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Matthew_
8. [Hurricane Matthew, at Category 4 strength with maximum sustained winds of 150 mph (240 km/h), temporarily stalls as it heads towards Jamaica and Haiti. Weather forecasters expect tropical storm conditions today with landfall tomorrow. Further, they expect rainfall of 20 inches, with up to 40 inches in some parts of southern Haiti. ](/news/2016/10/2/hurricane-matthew-at-category-4-strength-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-150-mph-240-km-h-temporarily-stalls-as-it-heads-towards-jamaica.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Matthew_
9. [The United Launch Alliance successfully launches NASA's OSIRIS-REx from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Space Launch Complex 41 in Florida. The mission is to study asteroid 101955 Bennu and in 2023 to return a sample to Earth for detailed analysis. If successful, OSIRIS-REx will be the first U.S. spacecraft to return samples from an asteroid. ](/news/2016/09/8/the-united-launch-alliance-successfully-launches-nasa-s-osiris-rex-from-cape-canaveral-air-force-station-space-launch-complex-41-in-florida.md) _Context: Florida, U.S._
10. [Hurricane Matthew becomes a category-5 hurricane with maximum sustained winds up to 160 mph, the strongest hurricane to form over the Caribbean Sea since Hurricane Felix in 2007. It is expected to impact parts of Haiti, Jamaica and eastern Cuba. ](/news/2016/09/30/hurricane-matthew-becomes-a-category-5-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-up-to-160-mph-the-strongest-hurricane-to-form-over-the-caribb.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Matthew_
