### [2015-08-16](/news/2015/08/16/index.md)

# According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a series of air-raids by the Syrian Arab Air Force on the rebel-held market town of Douma kills at least 110 people and leaves hundreds injured. 

At least 80 people have died after government air strikes on a marketplace in the rebel-held town of Douma, near Damascus, activists say.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2015/08/casualties-air-raids-syrian-market-150816122817738.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-33952777)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/08/16/us-mideast-crisis-syria-idUSKCN0QL0E320150816)
4. [The International Business Times](http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/douma-air-strike-80-people-dead-attack-by-syrias-military-rebel-held-town-1515698)
5. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/2015-08/16/c_134523422.htm)

### Related:

1. [Syrian rebels fire volleys of mortar shells into Damascus,  killing three people and wounding at least 30. Government forces respond with airstrikes into rebel-controlled Douma, just northeast of the capital, and surface-to-surface missiles into Eastern Ghouta and Saqba, that  kill at least 35  people and injure many more, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights.  ](/news/2015/12/13/syrian-rebels-fire-volleys-of-mortar-shells-into-damascus-killing-three-people-and-wounding-at-least-30-government-forces-respond-with-ai.md) _Context: Douma, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, Syrian rebels_
2. [Amaq News Agency claims ISIL is responsible for shooting down a Syrian Air Force fighter jet over Deir ez-Zor. The London-based SOHR says the MiG pilot was killed. ](/news/2016/09/18/amaq-news-agency-claims-isil-is-responsible-for-shooting-down-a-syrian-air-force-fighter-jet-over-deir-ez-zor-the-london-based-sohr-says-th.md) _Context: Syrian, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
3. [ISIL claims to have shot down a Syrian Arab Air Force MiG-23, southeast of Damascus, and captured its pilot. Amaq News Agency, which supports ISIL, gave the pilot's name as Azzam Eid, from Hama. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says it was not clear whether the plane had been shot down or crashed because of mechanical failure. ](/news/2016/04/23/isil-claims-to-have-shot-down-a-syrian-arab-air-force-mig-23-southeast-of-damascus-and-captured-its-pilot-amaq-news-agency-which-support.md) _Context: Syrian, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
4. [A Syrian Arab Air Force or Russian airstrike reportedly kills a dozen people at  a market selling diesel fuel in the rebel-held Idlib Governorate. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says the death toll is likely to rise. ](/news/2016/03/7/a-syrian-arab-air-force-or-russian-airstrike-reportedly-kills-a-dozen-people-at-a-market-selling-diesel-fuel-in-the-rebel-held-idlib-govern.md) _Context: Syrian, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
5. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says Syrian rebels have seized control of the al-Tanf border crossing on the Iraq-Syria border from ISIL militants. The rebel fighters who took the crossing reportedly entered Syria through Jordan. ](/news/2016/03/4/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-syrian-rebels-have-seized-control-of-the-al-tanf-border-crossing-on-the-iraqasyria-border-fro.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, Syrian rebels_
6. [Airstrikes by Syrian or Russian warplanes on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah in northern Syria, leaves at least 39 people dead, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. Airstrikes on the city of Palmyra and nearby villages are said to have killed at least 18 ISIL militants, as the Syrian Army advance on the city. ](/news/2016/03/19/airstrikes-by-syrian-or-russian-warplanes-on-isil-s-de-facto-capital-al-raqqah-in-northern-syria-leaves-at-least-39-people-dead-according.md) _Context: Syrian, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
7. [Missile strikes by pro-Assad forces leave over 50 people killed in the Syrian rebel-held town of Douma, near the capital Damascus. ](/news/2015/08/22/missile-strikes-by-pro-assad-forces-leave-over-50-people-killed-in-the-syrian-rebel-held-town-of-douma-near-the-capital-damascus.md) _Context: Douma, Syrian Civil War, Syrian rebels_
8. [Violent clashes break out between the Syrian rebels and Syrian Democratic Forces on the outskirts of al-Muhsenli Village, in the northeastern countryside of Aleppo, but no casualties are reported. ](/news/2017/07/21/violent-clashes-break-out-between-the-syrian-rebels-and-syrian-democratic-forces-on-the-outskirts-of-al-muhsenli-village-in-the-northeaster.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian rebels_
9. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says ISIL leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is confirmed dead, according to information from tribal leaders close to ISIL in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. In June, Russia said it had "most likely" killed al-Baghdadi and several other high profile ISIL leaders in an airstrike but provided no evidence. ](/news/2017/07/11/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-isil-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-is-confirmed-dead-according-to-information-from-tribal-leader.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
10. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian rebels_
