### [2015-08-16](/news/2015/08/16/index.md)

# Turkey-PKK conflict. A clash in Turkey's Kars Province kills a Turkish Army soldier and three PKK militants. 

A Turkish soldier and three Kurdish militants were killed in a clash in eastern Turkey on Sunday, security sources say


### Source:

1. [The Daily Star'' via Reuters](http://www.dailystar.com.lb/News/Middle-East/2015/Aug-16/311340-turkish-soldier-three-kurdish-militants-killed-in-clash.ashx)

### Related:

1. [Turkey-PKK conflict. Turkey bombs PKK sites in northern Iraq after a bombing yesterday in Hakkari Province that killed at least 16 soldiers. ](/news/2015/09/8/turkey-pkk-conflict-turkey-bombs-pkk-sites-in-northern-iraq-after-a-bombing-yesterday-in-hakkac-ri-province-that-killed-at-least-16-soldie.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkey, Turkey-PKK conflict, Turkish Army_
2. [Turkey-PKK conflict. A suicide attack by the PKK kills two Turkish Army soldiers and injures 24 others in the Turkish town of Dogubeyazit in Agri Province near the Iran border. ](/news/2015/08/2/turkey-pkk-conflict-a-suicide-attack-by-the-pkk-kills-two-turkish-army-soldiers-and-injures-24-others-in-the-turkish-town-of-doaubeyaza.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkey, Turkey-PKK conflict, Turkish Army_
3. [Turkey-PKK conflict. Turkey's air force launches a new wave of air-raids bombing PKK positions in northern Iraq and southeastern Turkey. Turkish warplanes destroy PKK fuel and ammunition depots in the Hakkari province on the border with Iraq, as well as, in the eastern Kars province, according to a military statement. ](/news/2015/10/4/turkey-pkk-conflict-turkey-s-air-force-launches-a-new-wave-of-air-raids-bombing-pkk-positions-in-northern-iraq-and-southeastern-turkey-t.md) _Context: Kars province, Turkey, Turkey-PKK conflict_
4. [Turkey-PKK conflict. At least 55 are killed when Turkish warplanes hit Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) camps in northern Iraq, according to Turkey's security sources. ](/news/2015/09/19/turkey-pkk-conflict-at-least-55-are-killed-when-turkish-warplanes-hit-kurdistan-workers-party-pkk-camps-in-northern-iraq-according-to.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkey, Turkey-PKK conflict_
5. [Turkey-PKK conflict. Two Turkish police officers and two PKK militants are killed following a PKK raid on a police station in the south-eastern town of Pozanti. Also, in the eastern province of Kars, PKK militants bombed a railway line and then fired at repair workers, leaving one dead. ](/news/2015/07/31/turkey-pkk-conflict-two-turkish-police-officers-and-two-pkk-militants-are-killed-following-a-pkk-raid-on-a-police-station-in-the-south-ea.md) _Context: Kars province, Turkey, Turkey-PKK conflict_
6. [In the wake of recent terrorist attacks in southern Turkey, up to 10,000 soldiers of the Turkish Army advance into northern Iraq, pursuing Kurdish separatist PKK militants. ](/news/2011/10/20/in-the-wake-of-recent-terrorist-attacks-in-southern-turkey-up-to-10-000-soldiers-of-the-turkish-army-advance-into-northern-iraq-pursuing-k.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkey, Turkish Army_
7. [Kurdish-Turkish conflict (2015-present). According to the Turkish Army, its overnight air strike in Dargecit killed eleven militants from the Kurdistan Workers' Party. ](/news/2017/07/11/kurdish-turkish-conflict-2015-present-according-to-the-turkish-army-its-overnight-air-strike-in-dargeassit-killed-eleven-militants-fr.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkish Army_
8. [Kurdish-Turkish conflict (2015-present). A suspected PKK car bomb kills at least 17 people, and injures 27 others in Turkey's southeast Hakkari Province. ](/news/2016/10/9/kurdish-turkish-conflict-2015-present-a-suspected-pkk-car-bomb-kills-at-least-17-people-and-injures-27-others-in-turkey-s-southeast.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkey_
9. [2016 Turkish purges. Turkey suspends 11,500 teachers over alleged links to separatist terrorist organization Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) a week before the start of school. ](/news/2016/09/8/2016-turkish-purges-turkey-suspends-11-500-teachers-over-alleged-links-to-separatist-terrorist-organization-kurdistan-workers-party-pkk.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkey_
10. [Kurdish-Turkish conflict (1978-present). Turkish Armed Forces claims that it has killed three Kurdistan Workers' Party fighters in air strikes in southeastern Turkey near the borders with Iraq. ](/news/2016/09/1/kurdish-turkish-conflict-1978-present-turkish-armed-forces-claims-that-it-has-killed-three-kurdistan-workers-party-fighters-in-air-s.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkey_
