### [2006-04-30](/news/2006/04/30/index.md)

#  The Government of the Central African Republic joins the United States Government and the Government of Chad in formally accusing the Government of Sudan of supporting the United Front for Democratic Change rebels and further alleges that UFDC rebels are entering southern Chad through the CAR-Chad-Sudan border area. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo!](http://news.yahoo.com/s/afp/20060430/wl_afp/centrafricasudanunrest_060430131822)

### Related:

1. [Suspected Sudanese ivory poachers shoot dead an unknown number of elephants at the Dzanga-Ndoki National Park world heritage site in the Central African Republic, close to the border with Cameroon and the Republic of the Congo. ](/news/2013/05/9/suspected-sudanese-ivory-poachers-shoot-dead-an-unknown-number-of-elephants-at-the-dzanga-ndoki-national-park-world-heritage-site-in-the-cen.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Sudan_
2. [ France calls for a joint force of United Nations and European Union peacekeepers in parts of Chad and the Central African Republic bordering the Darfur region of Sudan. ](/news/2007/09/19/france-calls-for-a-joint-force-of-united-nations-and-european-union-peacekeepers-in-parts-of-chad-and-the-central-african-republic-borderin.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Sudan_
3. [ War in Chad (2005-present) and Central African Republic Bush War: Chad has offered to send troops to the Central African Republic to help fight rebels it claims are backed by Sudan. ](/news/2006/11/18/war-in-chad-2005apresent-and-central-african-republic-bush-war-p-chad-has-offered-to-send-troops-to-the-central-african-republic-to-hel.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Sudan_
4. [ Mahamat Nouri, until recently the Chadian ambassador to Saudi Arabia, who has previously served as the Chadian Defense Minister, defects to Sudan and joins the United Front for Democratic Change rebels. ](/news/2006/05/6/mahamat-nouri-until-recently-the-chadian-ambassador-to-saudi-arabia-who-has-previously-served-as-the-chadian-defense-minister-defects-to.md) _Context: Chadian rebels, Sudan_
5. [ The United Front for Democratic Change has attacked and gained control of the cities of Haraze Mangueigne, Am Timan, and Abou-Deia, in Chad. Their initial attack came from northern Central African Republic with the help of the Military of Sudan. This is the largest and most successful attack since the start of the Chadian-Sudanese conflict despite taking only an hour, with only four men injured and none killed because the Chadian military has either fled or refused to fight the rebels. ](/news/2006/04/8/the-united-front-for-democratic-change-has-attacked-and-gained-control-of-the-cities-of-haraze-mangueigne-am-timan-and-abou-deia-in-chad.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Chadian rebels_
6. [ The Government of Chad renews accusations of Sudanese support for attacks by the UFDC into eastern Chad, despite the recent signing of the Tripoli Accord and the successful formation of the ministerial committee. Sudan has accused Chad of supporting ARFWS rebels in the past, and Chad is believed to have stepped up support in light of recent attacks. ](/news/2006/03/8/the-government-of-chad-renews-accusations-of-sudanese-support-for-attacks-by-the-ufdc-into-eastern-chad-despite-the-recent-signing-of-the.md) _Context: Sudan, second Déby administration_
7. [Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir names Vice President Bakri Hassan Saleh as Prime Minister of Sudan, the first person to hold the post since it was abolished following the 1989 Sudanese coup d'etat. ](/news/2017/03/1/sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-names-vice-president-bakri-hassan-saleh-as-prime-minister-of-sudan-the-first-person-to-hold-the-post-sinc.md) _Context: Sudan_
8. [Travelers from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, and Yemen are blocked from entering the United States as the executive order takes effect. ](/news/2017/01/28/travelers-from-iran-iraq-libya-somalia-sudan-syria-and-yemen-are-blocked-from-entering-the-united-states-as-the-executive-order-takes.md) _Context: Sudan_
9. [President Trump signs an executive order limiting refugees and immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries, including Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. The order also prioritizes the vetting of Christian refugees of the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2017/01/27/president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-limiting-refugees-and-immigration-from-seven-muslim-majority-countries-including-iran-iraq-libya.md) _Context: Sudan_
10. [President of the United States Barack Obama signs an order to ease sanctions against Sudan, citing the country's efforts to "reduce internal conflict, improve humanitarian access to people requiring aid and curtail terrorism". ](/news/2017/01/13/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-signs-an-order-to-ease-sanctions-against-sudan-citing-the-country-s-efforts-to-reduce-internal.md) _Context: Sudan_
