### [2009-06-20](/news/2009/06/20/index.md)

#  "New York Times" reporter David S. Rohde, kidnapped by the Taliban seven months ago, escapes. 




### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2009/06/21/world/asia/21talibancnd.html)

### Related:

1. [War in Afghanistan: "The New York Times" reports the U.S. Navy covered up a Naval Criminal Investigative Service (NCIS) report on Afghan detainee abuses. The NCIS investigation found that Navy SEAL Team 2's abuse resulted in the death of a 24-year old married Afghan detainee with a new baby, and that the SEALs failed to restrain the Afghan Local Police's detainee abuses. This drove some previously cooperative Afghans to leave for Taliban-controlled areas, the "Times" reports. Their commander in Afghanistan recommended these men be forced out of the elite SEAL teams. Two of the SEALs and their lieutenant have since been promoted. Rachel E. VanLandingham, former United States Central Command-s chief legal adviser on detainee and interrogation issues from 2006 to 2010, and other military lawyers, have called for the case to be reopened. ](/news/2015/12/17/war-in-afghanistan-the-new-york-times-reports-the-u-s-navy-covered-up-a-naval-criminal-investigative-service-ncis-report-on-afghan-det.md) _Context: Taliban, The New York Times_
2. [ Stephen Farrell, a journalist with "The New York Times", is rescued in northern Afghanistan after four days as a captive of the Taliban, but his Afghan colleague Mohammad Sultan Munadi is shot dead during the raid. ](/news/2009/09/9/stephen-farrell-a-journalist-with-the-new-york-times-is-rescued-in-northern-afghanistan-after-four-days-as-a-captive-of-the-taliban-bu.md) _Context: Taliban, The New York Times_
3. [War in Afghanistan: According to the Defense Ministry, between 26 and 30 military personnel are dead and over 80 Taliban militants have been either killed or wounded amid intense fighting at a military base in Kandahar Province. ](/news/2017/07/26/war-in-afghanistan-according-to-the-defense-ministry-between-26-and-30-military-personnel-are-dead-and-over-80-taliban-militants-have-been.md) _Context: Taliban_
4. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present): Officials announce that Afghan security forces have retaken Nawa District from the Taliban. ](/news/2017/07/17/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-officials-announce-that-afghan-security-forces-have-retaken-nawa-district-from-the-taliban.md) _Context: Taliban_
5. [War in Afghanistan: 2017 Lashkargah bombing: A car bomb outside a New Kabul Bank branch in Lashkargah, Helmand Province, kills at least 20 people. The Taliban claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/06/22/war-in-afghanistan-2017-lashkargah-bombing-a-car-bomb-outside-a-new-kabul-bank-branch-in-lashkargah-helmand-province-kills-at-least-20-p.md) _Context: Taliban_
6. [War in Afghanistan: At least one Afghan is killed and seven American soldiers wounded in an "insider attack" at Camp Shaheen, in the northern city of Mazar-i-Sharif. An earlier report that Americans had been killed is incorrect. The Taliban claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/06/17/war-in-afghanistan-at-least-one-afghan-is-killed-and-seven-american-soldiers-wounded-in-an-insider-attack-at-camp-shaheen-in-the-norther.md) _Context: Taliban_
7. [War in Afghanistan: After a week-long assault, ISIL-KP captures the Tora Bora cave complex from the Taliban, allegedly in reaction to the 2017 Nangarhar airstrike. The Taliban say the fighting is still underway. ](/news/2017/06/14/war-in-afghanistan-after-a-week-long-assault-isil-kp-captures-the-tora-bora-cave-complex-from-the-taliban-allegedly-in-reaction-to-the-20.md) _Context: Taliban_
8. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): An Afghan soldier kills 3 U.S. troops and injures 1 other in Achin, Nangarhar Province. The Taliban claims responsibility, saying the Afghan soldier was one of several Taliban infiltrators in the Afghan Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/06/10/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-an-afghan-soldier-kills-3-u-s-troops-and-injures-1-other-in-achin-nangarhar-province-the-taliban-cla.md) _Context: Taliban_
9. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Taliban militants attack an Afghan National Army base in Shah Wali Kot District, Kandahar Province, killing at least 15 soldiers. ](/news/2017/05/26/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-taliban-militants-attack-an-afghan-national-army-base-in-shah-wali-kot-district-kandahar-province-kil.md) _Context: Taliban_
10. [United Kingdom-United States relations: 2017 Brussels summit: British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to "The New York Times". British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/united-kingdom-united-states-relations-2017-brussels-summit-british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connec.md) _Context: The New York Times_
