### [2004-02-8](/news/2004/02/8/index.md)

#  The London Iraqi exiles admits that information supplied as a key piece of intelligence might have been false (but provided in good faith). The CX report information was one of the items of intelligence on Saddam Hussein's possible use of WMD.




### Related:

1. [Russia postpones a transfer of missile engines to China. There is concern the technology could be passed on to a third country, such as North Korea. China is not a member of the Missile Technology Control Regime, a voluntary, informal partnership between 34 countries to prevent proliferation of missile delivery systems that could carry weapons of mass destruction. ](/news/2016/04/8/russia-postpones-a-transfer-of-missile-engines-to-china-there-is-concern-the-technology-could-be-passed-on-to-a-third-country-such-as-nort.md) _Context: weapons of mass destruction_
2. [ Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair states in an interview that he would have gone to war in Iraq even if he had known that it had no weapons of mass destruction. ](/news/2009/12/13/former-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-states-in-an-interview-that-he-would-have-gone-to-war-in-iraq-even-if-he-had-known-that-it-had-no.md) _Context: weapons of mass destruction_
3. [ Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev condemns the Iranian government for acting "as the center of growing insecurity in Asia" by supporting terrorism, weapons and drug trafficking, the spread of weapons of mass destruction, and illegal migration. The Foreign Ministry later says news agencies misquoted him. ](/news/2006/12/19/kazakh-president-nursultan-nazarbayev-condemns-the-iranian-government-for-acting-as-the-center-of-growing-insecurity-in-asia-by-supportin.md) _Context: weapons of mass destruction_
4. [ The U.S. chief weapons inspector, Charles Duelfer states that search of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq has "gone as far as feasible". ](/news/2005/04/26/the-u-s-chief-weapons-inspector-charles-duelfer-states-that-search-of-weapons-of-mass-destruction-in-iraq-has-gone-as-far-as-feasible.md) _Context: weapons of mass destruction_
5. [ United States intelligence officials confirm that its search for weapons of mass destruction in Iraq ended last month. The claim that Iraq had an active WMD program was the White House's key justification for the 2003 invasion of Iraq. ](/news/2005/01/12/united-states-intelligence-officials-confirm-that-its-search-for-weapons-of-mass-destruction-in-iraq-ended-last-month-the-claim-that-iraq.md) _Context: weapons of mass destruction_
6. [ The White House reports that all of Libya's remaining nuclear weapons-related equipment has been sent to the United States. ](/news/2004/03/7/the-white-house-reports-that-all-of-libya-s-remaining-nuclear-weapons-related-equipment-has-been-sent-to-the-united-states.md) _Context: weapons of mass destruction_
7. [ In an interview published today, former U.S. and U.N. weapons inspector David Kay says that President George W. Bush and his administration should admit the United States was wrong about the existence of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq. "It's about confronting and coming clean with the American people," he said. ](/news/2004/03/3/in-an-interview-published-today-former-u-s-and-u-n-weapons-inspector-david-kay-says-that-president-george-w-bush-and-his-administration.md) _Context: weapons of mass destruction_
8. [ The UK Conservative Party withdraws from the Butler Inquiry into intelligence on Iraq's weapons of mass destruction, claiming the way its terms of reference have been interpreted is too narrow. The Liberal Democrats claim that this was obvious from the beginning. ](/news/2004/03/1/the-uk-conservative-party-withdraws-from-the-butler-inquiry-into-intelligence-on-iraq-s-weapons-of-mass-destruction-claiming-the-way-its-t.md) _Context: weapons of mass destruction_
9. [ U.S. President George W. Bush appoints an Iraq Intelligence Commission to investigate United States intelligence capabilities, specifically regarding the 2003 invasion of Iraq and Iraq's weapons of mass destruction. The commission is headed by Governor, and former Senator, Chuck Robb and Judge Laurence Silberman.](/news/2004/02/6/u-s-president-george-w-bush-appoints-an-iraq-intelligence-commission-to-investigate-united-states-intelligence-capabilities-specifically.md) _Context: weapons of mass destruction_
10. [ The Hutton Inquiry report is released, stating the suicide of Iraqi weapons expert David Kelly did not involve "dishonourable conduct" on the part of the United Kingdom's government and exonerates Prime Minister Tony Blair of any wrongdoing in Kelly's death. The BBC receives harsh criticism for the allegations within Andrew Gilligan's report on weapons of mass destruction and the BBC's subsequent backing of the report. Gavyn Davies takes full responsibility for any wrongdoing and resigns as the Chairman of the Board of Governors of the BBC.](/news/2004/01/28/the-hutton-inquiry-report-is-released-stating-the-suicide-of-iraqi-weapons-expert-david-kelly-did-not-involve-dishonourable-conduct-on-t.md) _Context: weapons of mass destruction_
