### [2015-08-14](/news/2015/08/14/index.md)

# Cuban Thaw: Cuba-United States relations: U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry officially reopens the American embassy in Havana. Eight congressional lawmakers involved in the policy change also attend. 

Washington&#039;s top diplomat came to Havana on Friday to raise the Stars and Stripes over the newly opened U.S. Embassy, making a symbolically charged victory lap for the Obama administration&#039;s new policy of engagement with Cuba.


### Source:

1. [AP via Global News](http://globalnews.ca/news/2165325/john-kerry-flies-to-cuba-to-raise-flag-at-newly-opened-u-s-embassy/)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2015/08/14/politics/cuba-embassy-opening-john-kerry-visit/)
3. [NBC](http://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/u-s-cuba-relations/kerry-see-u-s-flag-fly-over-cuba-embassy-after-n409726)
4. [The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/news/powerpost/wp/2015/08/14/cuba-congressional-delegation-who-traveled-with-john-kerry-to-havana/)

### Related:

1. [The United States and Cuba re-establish diplomatic relations after severing them 55 years ago. An American embassy will open in Havana and talks to lift the embargo will begin. ](/news/2014/12/17/the-united-states-and-cuba-re-establish-diplomatic-relations-after-severing-them-55-years-ago-an-american-embassy-will-open-in-havana-and-t.md) _Context: American embassy, Cuba-United States relations, Havana_
2. [Cuba-United States relations: Two Cuban diplomats are expelled from the Embassy of Cuba in Washington, D.C., after an incident in Havana forced U.S. officials to return home. ](/news/2017/08/9/cuba-united-states-relations-two-cuban-diplomats-are-expelled-from-the-embassy-of-cuba-in-washington-d-c-after-an-incident-in-havana-f.md) _Context: Cuba-United States relations, Havana_
3. [Canada-Cuba relations: Cuba-United States relations: The Canadian government says at least one of their diplomats in Havana has been treated for hearing loss, following up on yesterday's report that American diplomats had similar injuries. U.S. officials say the problems started in the fall of 2016. The Cuban Foreign Ministry says it was informed of the incidents in February and has been investigating since that time. ](/news/2017/08/10/canada-cuba-relations-cuba-united-states-relations-the-canadian-government-says-at-least-one-of-their-diplomats-in-havana-has-been-tre.md) _Context: Cuba-United States relations, Havana_
4. [Cuba-United States relations: U.S. President Donald Trump announces new restrictions on travel and business with Cuba, reversing policies of Cuban Thaw, implemented during the tenure of President Barack Obama. ](/news/2017/06/16/cuba-united-states-relations-u-s-president-donald-trump-announces-new-restrictions-on-travel-and-business-with-cuba-reversing-policies.md) _Context: Cuba-United States relations, Cuban Thaw_
5. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: The Saudi-led military coalition and the Houthis (Ansar Allah) arrive at a ceasefire agreement effective as of 17 November 2016, as a result of talks led by US Secretary of State John Kerry with the region's leaders.](/news/2016/11/16/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-the-saudi-led-military-coalition-and-the-houthis-ansar-allah-arrive-at-a-ceasefire-agreement-effe.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States Secretary of State_
6. [Ukraine-United States relations: U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry arrives in Kiev, Ukraine, where he is expected to discuss ways of ending the conflict in the east of the country. The visit, along with his visit to Georgia yesterday, comes ahead of the NATO summit in Warsaw that will take place tomorrow. ](/news/2016/07/7/ukraine-united-states-relations-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-arrives-in-kiev-ukraine-where-he-is-expected-to-discuss-ways-of-endi.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States Secretary of State_
7. [Cuba-United States relations: The United States tentatively approves eight, of 12 that applied, airlines for flights from 10 U.S. cities to Havana as early as this fall: Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Delta Air Lines, Frontier Airlines, JetBlue Airways, Southwest Airlines, Spirit Airlines, and United Airlines. Last month, flights were approved from five U.S. cities to nine other international airports. ](/news/2016/07/7/cuba-united-states-relations-the-united-states-tentatively-approves-eight-of-12-that-applied-airlines-for-flights-from-10-u-s-cities-t.md) _Context: Cuba-United States relations, Havana_
8. [Turkey-United States relations: The United States Secretary of State John Kerry warns Turkey it could lose its NATO membership if it fails to uphold the principles of democracy. Around 8,000 police officers have been sacked in the country following the attempted coup, with more than 6,000 people in the army, the judiciary and other state bodies detained as part of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's crackdown. ](/news/2016/07/18/turkey-united-states-relations-the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-warns-turkey-it-could-lose-its-nato-membership-if-it-fails.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States Secretary of State_
9. [Cuba-United States relations: The U.S. Department of Commerce approves service by six commercial airlines from five U.S. cities, including Miami and Philadelphia, to nine international airports in Cuba. Approval for routes to the capital Havana are still pending. Most of the carriers plan to begin their new service this fall and winter. ](/news/2016/06/10/cuba-united-states-relations-the-u-s-department-of-commerce-approves-service-by-six-commercial-airlines-from-five-u-s-cities-including.md) _Context: Cuba-United States relations, Havana_
10. [Russia-United States relations: A Russian Su-27 jet intercepts a United States Air Force RC-135 reconnaissance plane while in international airspace over the Baltic Sea. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry says, "We condemn this kind of behavior. It is reckless. It is provocative. It is dangerous." ](/news/2016/04/17/russia-united-states-relations-a-russian-su-27-jet-intercepts-a-united-states-air-force-rc-135-reconnaissance-plane-while-in-internationa.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States Secretary of State_
