### [2015-08-14](/news/2015/08/14/index.md)

# The Hellenic Parliament approves (with 222 yes votes) Prime Minister of Greece Alexis Tsipras's bailout package, despite opposition by almost one-third of his Syriza party. This third bailout plan is almost identical to the one rejected by the Greek people in the referendum. Tsipras will seek a vote of confidence following the country's August 20th payment to the European Central Bank. 

Prime minister could face a confidence vote next week as he falls short of 120 votes he needs to survive a censure motion


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/business/live/2015/aug/14/greek-bailout-vote-and-eurozone-gdp-growth-figures-live-updates#block-55cd9744e4b082621a494209)
2. [The International New York Times](http://www.ekathimerini.com/200567/article/ekathimerini/news/tsipras-wins-bailout-vote-faces-widening-rebellion)
3. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/business/2015/aug/14/greek-parliament-still-thrashing-out-rescue-deal-vote)
4. [Forex](http://www.fxstreet.com/news/forex-news/article.aspx?storyid=866670e1-5232-48f5-bb1d-5ae250b45f82)

### Related:

1. [Interim Prime Minister of Greece Vassiliki Thanou-Christophilou, the country's first female prime minister, was sworn in Thursday. The PM named her caretaker government cabinet that will oversee implementation of austerity measures required by the latest debt bailout with Eurogroup. Elections, required after Alexis Tsipras resigned last week, are scheduled for September 20, 2015, the third time Greeks will be going to the polls this year. ](/news/2015/08/28/interim-prime-minister-of-greece-vassiliki-thanou-christophilou-the-country-s-first-female-prime-minister-was-sworn-in-thursday-the-pm-na.md) _Context: Alexis Tsipras, Greek government-debt crisis, Greek prime minister_
2. [The Hellenic Parliament votes to approve the Greek bailout package despite many senior lawmakers from the ruling Syriza Party refusing to vote for the deal. ](/news/2015/07/15/the-hellenic-parliament-votes-to-approve-the-greek-bailout-package-despite-many-senior-lawmakers-from-the-ruling-syriza-party-refusing-to-vo.md) _Context: Greek government-debt crisis, Hellenic Parliament, Syriza_
3. [The new Greek prime minister, Lucas Papademos, wins a vote of confidence in Parliament, opening the way for his government of national unity to take the steps to restore financial stability in Greece. ](/news/2011/11/16/the-new-greek-prime-minister-lucas-papademos-wins-a-vote-of-confidence-in-parliament-opening-the-way-for-his-government-of-national-unity.md) _Context: Greek government-debt crisis, Greek prime minister, Hellenic Parliament_
4. [Greek prime minister Alexis Tsipras lashes out at European "ineptness" in handling the continent's massive immigration crisis. The Associated Press reports 31 more people -- mostly children -- drowned in shipwrecks in the Mediterranean Sea near the islands of Kalymnos and Rhodes. Turkey's state-run agency says four children drowned and two others are missing after two new accidents with boats headed to Greece's Lesbos and Samos islands. The death toll in the Aegean Sea over the past three days is at least 50. The Greek coast guard says they rescued 600 people in the past 24 hours, while thousands more made it safely from Turkey to Greece's southeastern islands. ](/news/2015/10/30/greek-prime-minister-alexis-tsipras-lashes-out-at-european-ineptness-in-handling-the-continent-s-massive-immigration-crisis-the-associate.md) _Context: Alexis Tsipras, Greek prime minister_
5. [Voters in Greece go to the polls for the third time this year with Syriza (Coalition of the Radical Left) again winning a plurality in the Hellenic Parliament. ](/news/2015/09/20/voters-in-greece-go-to-the-polls-for-the-third-time-this-year-with-syriza-coalition-of-the-radical-left-again-winning-a-plurality-in-the-h.md) _Context: Hellenic Parliament, Syriza_
6. [The Prime Minister of Greece, Alexis Tsipras, announces his resignation and calls a new election for September 20. ](/news/2015/08/20/the-prime-minister-of-greece-alexis-tsipras-announces-his-resignation-and-calls-a-new-election-for-september-20.md) _Context: Alexis Tsipras, Greek prime minister_
7. [The Hellenic Parliament passes a package of economic reforms to end the current stage of the debt crisis. ](/news/2015/07/11/the-hellenic-parliament-passes-a-package-of-economic-reforms-to-end-the-current-stage-of-the-debt-crisis.md) _Context: Greek government-debt crisis, Hellenic Parliament_
8. [The BBC reports that the European Central Bank will cap lending to Greece's struggling banks, causing the run on the nation's banks to become even worse. Next week a referendum will be held about leaving the Euro currency. ](/news/2015/06/28/the-bbc-reports-that-the-european-central-bank-will-cap-lending-to-greece-s-struggling-banks-causing-the-run-on-the-nation-s-banks-to-becom.md) _Context: European Central Bank, Greek government-debt crisis_
9. [The Prime Minister of Greece Alexis Tsipras says that Greece will hold a referendum on a bailout deal with creditors on July 5. ](/news/2015/06/26/the-prime-minister-of-greece-alexis-tsipras-says-that-greece-will-hold-a-referendum-on-a-bailout-deal-with-creditors-on-july-5.md) _Context: Alexis Tsipras, Greek prime minister_
10. [The new Greek government, represented by finance minister Yanis Varoufakis, meets with Jeroen Dijsselbloem, the head of the Eurogroup, and declares that Greece now rejects any further cooperation with its main international lenders known as the troika (the Eurogroup, the IMF, and the ECB); instead, it wants to negotiate directly with other European countries. ](/news/2015/01/30/the-new-greek-government-represented-by-finance-minister-yanis-varoufakis-meets-with-jeroen-dijsselbloem-the-head-of-the-eurogroup-and-d.md) _Context: European Central Bank, Greek government-debt crisis_
