### [2010-04-21](/news/2010/04/21/index.md)

# Nicolas Sarkozy speaks out against the niqab, telling a cabinet meeting it "hurts the dignity of women and is not acceptable in French society", as his government moves to outlaw the garment. 

Nicolas Sarkozy speaks out against niqab as government moves to outlaw garment.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/europe/2010/04/201042113113654415.html)

### Related:

1. [Former President of France Nicolas Sarkozy is ordered to stand trial for alleged campaign finance fraud during his failed 2012 presidential election campaign. ](/news/2017/02/7/former-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-is-ordered-to-stand-trial-for-alleged-campaign-finance-fraud-during-his-failed-2012-presidential.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy_
2. [Austria agrees to ban the full-face veil (burqa and niqab) in public spaces, part of a larger deal struck by the center-left Social Democratic Party and the center-right Austrian People's Party to avoid the collapse of the ruling coalition government. ](/news/2017/01/31/austria-agrees-to-ban-the-full-face-veil-burqa-and-niqab-in-public-spaces-part-of-a-larger-deal-struck-by-the-center-left-social-democra.md) _Context: niqab_
3. [Former President of France Nicolas Sarkozy officially declares his candidacy for president in 2017. ](/news/2016/08/22/former-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-officially-declares-his-candidacy-for-president-in-2017.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy_
4. [Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy resigns as leader of The Republicans party and announces his candidacy for President again. ](/news/2016/07/3/former-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-resigns-as-leader-of-the-republicans-party-and-announces-his-candidacy-for-president-again.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy_
5. [France's National Assembly votes to adopt a non-binding resolution to lift European Union sanctions against Russia, applied after Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014. Former President Nicolas Sarkozy's Republicans, as well as center-right and far-left groups voted in favor of lifting the sanctions, while the ruling Socialist Party and The Greens voted against the resolution. ](/news/2016/04/28/france-s-national-assembly-votes-to-adopt-a-non-binding-resolution-to-lift-european-union-sanctions-against-russia-applied-after-russia-s-a.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy_
6. [The Parliament of Egypt drafts a law which will ban women from wearing full-face veils such as the niqab and burqa in public places and government institutions. The move comes after Cairo University recently banned nurses and doctors from wearing veils in medical schools and in teaching hospitals, arguing the ban would "protect patients' rights and interests". ](/news/2016/03/9/the-parliament-of-egypt-drafts-a-law-which-will-ban-women-from-wearing-full-face-veils-such-as-the-niqab-and-burqa-in-public-places-and-gov.md) _Context: niqab_
7. [With most of the votes counted, the opposition conservatives of former president Nicolas Sarkozy's party win in six of the country's 13 regions and lead in the Paris region. The ruling Socialists of President Francois Hollande's party capture five regions. The winner in Corsica is not affiliated with a major party. France's far-right National Front (FN) fails to win a single region but did record its best showing in its history. Voter turnout was 58 percent. Definitive results are expected Monday. ](/news/2015/12/13/with-most-of-the-votes-counted-the-opposition-conservatives-of-former-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-party-win-in-six-of-the-countryas-13-re.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy_
8. [The President of France Francois Hollande warns that France "will not tolerate" acts that threaten its security following claims by Wikileaks that the United States spied on him and his two predecessors Nicolas Sarkozy and Jacques Chirac between 2006 and 2012. ](/news/2015/06/24/the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-warns-that-france-will-not-tolerate-acts-that-threaten-its-security-following-claims-by-wikilea.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy_
9. [Voters in France go to the polls for local government elections with initial polling suggesting favorable results for former President Nicolas Sarkozy's UMP. ](/news/2015/03/29/voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-for-local-government-elections-with-initial-polling-suggesting-favorable-results-for-former-president-nicol.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy_
10. [The Union for a Popular Movement reelects former French President Nicolas Sarkozy, as the party leader. ](/news/2014/11/29/the-union-for-a-popular-movement-reelects-former-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-as-the-party-leader.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy_
