### [2010-04-21](/news/2010/04/21/index.md)

# The British government announces that British airports will reopen and passenger flights will resume, but officials caution that it will take time for flight schedules to return to normal after the six-day shutdown caused by  volcanic ash from the 2010 eruptions of the Eyjafjallajokull volcano. 

Airports around the United Kingdom will reopen in about an hour and passenger flights will resume, the British government has announced. But aviation officials cautioned that it would take time for flight schedules to return to normal after the six-day shutdown because of volcanic ash.


### Source:

1. [Chicago Tribune](http://www.chicagotribune.com/travel/sns-ap-eu-iceland-volcano,0,1670826.story)
2. [USA Today](http://content.usatoday.com/communities/ondeadline/post/2010/04/british-airports-set-to-reopen-/1)

### Related:

1. [Eruption of Eyjafjallajokull volcano:Travel chaos spreads across Europe as planes are grounded in the United Kingdom, Norway, Sweden, Finland and Russia as a result of the giant cloud of ash coming across from Iceland. ](/news/2010/04/16/eruption-of-eyjafjallajapkull-volcano-ptravel-chaos-spreads-across-europe-as-planes-are-grounded-in-the-united-kingdom-norway-sweden-finl.md) _Context: Eyjafjallajokull, UK, eruptions, volcanic ash problems_
2. [Air travel disruption after the 2010 eruptions of Eyjafjallajokull:The International Air Transport Association (IATA) criticises European governments, questions their leadership and asks them to reevaluate their decision-making process in the wake of the disaster. ](/news/2010/04/19/air-travel-disruption-after-the-2010-eruptions-of-eyjafjallajapkull-pthe-international-air-transport-association-iata-criticises-european.md) _Context: Eyjafjallajokull, eruptions, volcanic ash problems_
3. [Air travel disruption after the 2010 eruptions of Eyjafjallajokull:Thousands of European flights do not occur for a fourth straight day. ](/news/2010/04/18/air-travel-disruption-after-the-2010-eruptions-of-eyjafjallajapkull-pthousands-of-european-flights-do-not-occur-for-a-fourth-straight-day.md) _Context: Eyjafjallajokull, eruptions, volcanic ash problems_
4. [Eruption of Eyjafjallajokull:The volcanic ash cloud above Europe causes a third day of disruption to air travel, leaving millions of passengers stranded unable to reach their destinations. Officials warn that airspace could remain shut for several more days. ](/news/2010/04/17/eruption-of-eyjafjallajapkull-pthe-volcanic-ash-cloud-above-europe-causes-a-third-day-of-disruption-to-air-travel-leaving-millions-of-passe.md) _Context: Eyjafjallajokull, eruptions, volcanic ash problems_
5. [The Irish Aviation Authority closes Donegal Airport, cancels at least two flights and announces the closure of all airspace in Ireland on Monday due to Icelandic volcanic ash, while British Airports, including some in Scotland, may also be affected due to continued eruptions of Eyjafjallajokull volcano. ](/news/2010/05/3/the-irish-aviation-authority-closes-donegal-airport-cancels-at-least-two-flights-and-announces-the-closure-of-all-airspace-in-ireland-on-mo.md) _Context: Eyjafjallajokull, eruptions_
6. [The first passenger flight between Iraq and the United Kingdom in two decades touches down at London Gatwick Airport, nine days overdue because of volcanic ash problems. ](/news/2010/04/25/the-first-passenger-flight-between-iraq-and-the-united-kingdom-in-two-decades-touches-down-at-london-gatwick-airport-nine-days-overdue-beca.md) _Context: UK, volcanic ash problems_
7. [ Documents released by the British government show that the United Kingdom gave in to Libyan demands that the Lockerbie bomber be eligible for transfer home to serve his sentence there.  ](/news/2009/09/1/documents-released-by-the-british-government-show-that-the-united-kingdom-gave-in-to-libyan-demands-that-the-lockerbie-bomber-be-eligible-f.md) _Context: British government, UK_
8. [The United Kingdom announces it is withdrawing from the 1964 London Fisheries Convention, which allows several European countries to fish within 6 to 12 nautical miles of each other's coastlines. ](/news/2017/07/2/the-united-kingdom-announces-it-is-withdrawing-from-the-1964-london-fisheries-convention-which-allows-several-european-countries-to-fish-wi.md) _Context: UK_
9. [Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-charter-08-is-suffering-fr.md) _Context: UK_
10. [The United Kingdom and Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation sponsor a summit that plans on raising funds for family planning in developing countries. ](/news/2017/07/11/the-united-kingdom-and-bill-melinda-gates-foundation-sponsor-a-summit-that-plans-on-raising-funds-for-family-planning-in-developing-countr.md) _Context: UK_
