### [2010-04-21](/news/2010/04/21/index.md)

# The U.S. Obama administration charges that Sudan-s recent election was plagued by "serious irregularities" and says the United States is committed to ensuring that a 2011 Sudanese referendum on southern independence would be conducted fairly. 

The White House charged that Sudan’s recent election, the first multiparty vote in more than 20 years, was plagued by ”serious irregularities.”


### Source:

1. [ (''The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2010/04/21/world/africa/21briefs-sudan.html)

### Related:

1. [United States Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson says the Obama administration will announce a new terror alert system "in the coming days," that will better inform the public about threats to the United States. This will be the third terror alert system put in place since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks. ](/news/2015/12/7/united-states-homeland-security-secretary-jeh-johnson-says-the-obama-administration-will-announce-a-new-terror-alert-system-in-the-coming-d.md) _Context: Obama-era, United States_
2. [Keystone XL Pipeline: The United States State Department formally denies Calgary-based TransCanada Corporation's request, made Monday, to pause the review of the proposed Keystone XL oil pipeline. "Reuters" states this is expected to lead to the project's rejection by the Obama administration. ](/news/2015/11/4/keystone-xl-pipeline-the-united-states-state-department-formally-denies-calgary-based-transcanada-corporation-s-request-made-monday-to-pa.md) _Context: Obama-era, United States_
3. [Wikileaks releases U.S. Central Intelligence Agency director John O. Brennan's personal information after the top spy's personal email account was allegedly hacked by a 13-year-old and information sent to Wikileaks. All of the documents predate Brennan's time in the Obama administration and reveal no classified data. Among the information released are Social Security numbers, an incomplete questionnaire for security clearance, and addresses of his family and associates. ](/news/2015/10/21/wikileaks-releases-u-s-central-intelligence-agency-director-john-o-brennan-s-personal-information-after-the-top-spy-s-personal-email-accou.md) _Context: Obama-era, United States_
4. [ Presidency of Barack Obama:: Tom Daschle withdraws his nomination to serve as United States Secretary of Health and Human Services and Nancy Killefer withdraws her nomination to serve as Chief Performance Officer. ](/news/2009/02/3/presidency-of-barack-obama-tom-daschle-withdraws-his-nomination-to-serve-as-united-states-secretary-of-health-and-human-services-and-nanc.md) _Context: Obama-era, United States_
5. [115th United States Congress: U.S. lawmakers break for summer recess. ](/news/2017/08/3/115th-united-states-congress-u-s-lawmakers-break-for-summer-recess.md) _Context: United States_
6. [Solar eclipse of August 21, 2017: Millions of United States residents and visitors are able to witness a total solar eclipse that crosses through North America. It is the first total solar eclipse visible across the entire contiguous United States since the solar eclipse of June 8, 1918. ](/news/2017/08/21/solar-eclipse-of-august-21-2017-millions-of-united-states-residents-and-visitors-are-able-to-witness-a-total-solar-eclipse-that-crosses-th.md) _Context: United States_
7. [Immigration policy of Donald Trump: United States President Donald Trump, together with Senators Tom Cotton and David Perdue, unveils the RAISE Act, a plan that would, if passed, reduce legal immigration to the U.S. by half each year, and implement a "merit-based system" prioritizing skilled workers, instead of the current family-based chain migration system. ](/news/2017/08/2/immigration-policy-of-donald-trump-united-states-president-donald-trump-together-with-senators-tom-cotton-and-david-perdue-unveils-the-ra.md) _Context: United States_
8. [Gene editing: Teams of United States-based researchers, composed of American, Chinese and South Korean scientists, successfully edit a piece of faulty DNA that causes a deadly form of heart disease from cells in human embryos. ](/news/2017/08/2/gene-editing-teams-of-united-states-based-researchers-composed-of-american-chinese-and-south-korean-scientists-successfully-edit-a-piece.md) _Context: United States_
9. [Sanctuary cities: California and San Francisco sue the United States Federal government over its opposition towards sanctuary cities. ](/news/2017/08/14/sanctuary-cities-california-and-san-francisco-sue-the-united-states-federal-government-over-its-opposition-towards-sanctuary-cities.md) _Context: United States_
10. [2017 G20 Hamburg summit: The summit announces it is unable to gain agreement on climate change between the United States and the other 19 members of this international forum. ](/news/2017/07/8/2017-g20-hamburg-summit-the-summit-announces-it-is-unable-to-gain-agreement-on-climate-change-between-the-united-states-and-the-other-19-me.md) _Context: United States_
