### [2010-04-21](/news/2010/04/21/index.md)

# Viktor Yanukovych and Dmitry Medvedev agree to extend the lease between Kiev and Moscow that allows Russia's Black Sea Fleet to be stationed in Ukraine in return for cheaper gas until 2042. 

The Kremlin has scored a major diplomatic victory, striking a deal that will allow Russia&#039;s Black Sea Fleet to stay in Ukraine for another thirty years, more than a quarter of a century after it was supposed to leave.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/8635345.stm)
2. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/russia/7615790/Russias-Black-Sea-Fleet-to-stay-in-Ukraine-until-2042.html)
3. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2010/apr/21/ukraine-black-sea-fleet-russia)

### Related:

1. [Euromaidan:: More than 100,000 people protest in Kiev, Ukraine, against the decision of Viktor Yanukovych's government to suspend preparations for signing of the association agreement with the European Union under pressure from Russia. ](/news/2013/11/24/euromaidan-more-than-100-000-people-protest-in-kiev-ukraine-against-the-decision-of-viktor-yanukovych-s-government-to-suspend-preparatio.md) _Context: Kiev, Russia, Ukraine, Viktor Yanukovych_
2. [War in Donbass: Russia-Ukraine relations: A Ukrainian court sentences two Russian nationals to 14 years in prison each on charges of fighting alongside Russian-backed separatists in eastern Ukraine. Moscow contends that the two Russians were no longer employed by the state when they were captured. ](/news/2016/04/18/war-in-donbass-russia-ukraine-relations-a-ukrainian-court-sentences-two-russian-nationals-to-14-years-in-prison-each-on-charges-of-fight.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia, Ukraine_
3. [War in Donbass: The body of Ukrainian lawyer Yurij Grabovsky, who defended two ex-Russian soldiers charged in Eastern Ukraine with terrorism and waging an aggressive war against the country, is found on the grounds of a former farming collective in Zhashkiv, Ukraine. Grabovsky went missing from Kiev on March 9. Information from one of two men being held in this case led police to the remains. ](/news/2016/03/25/war-in-donbass-the-body-of-ukrainian-lawyer-yurij-grabovsky-who-defended-two-ex-russian-soldiers-charged-in-eastern-ukraine-with-terrorism.md) _Context: Kiev, Russia, Ukraine_
4. [2014-16 Russian military intervention in Ukraine: Ukraine says that a cyberattack on Boryspil International Airport near Kiev came from Russian computers. ](/news/2016/01/18/2014-16-russian-military-intervention-in-ukraine-ukraine-says-that-a-cyberattack-on-boryspil-international-airport-near-kiev-came-from-ru.md) _Context: Kiev, Russia, Ukraine_
5. [ War in Donbass: A rally of war veterans in Kiev calls for Ukraine to abandon the Minsk II ceasefire agreement and to declare war on pro-Russian separatists in the Donbass region. Despite two ceasefire agreements since September, combat operations, including the use of heavy artillery and ballistic missiles, never stopped. ](/news/2015/07/4/war-in-donbass-a-rally-of-war-veterans-in-kiev-calls-for-ukraine-to-abandon-the-minsk-ii-ceasefire-agreement-and-to-declare-war-on-pro-rus.md) _Context: Kiev, Russia, Ukraine_
6. [Anti-government protesters in Ukraine end a two-month occupation of Kiev-s city hall, following an amnesty offer aimed at easing a standoff over President Viktor Yanukovych-s rule. ](/news/2014/02/16/anti-government-protesters-in-ukraine-end-a-two-month-occupation-of-kiev-s-city-hall-following-an-amnesty-offer-aimed-at-easing-a-standof.md) _Context: Kiev, Ukraine, Viktor Yanukovych_
7. [Russian President Dmitry Medvedev presides over the Victory Day Parade on Moscow's Red Square. ](/news/2011/05/9/russian-president-dmitry-medvedev-presides-over-the-victory-day-parade-on-moscow-s-red-square.md) _Context: Dmitry Medvedev, Moscow, Russia_
8. [ 2008 South Ossetia war:: According to general staff in Moscow, Russia has begun troop withdrawals from Georgia, following a pledge by President Dmitry Medvedev. However, 'Moscow saying it has the right to keep some troops as peacekeepers in a buffer zone around South Ossetia'. ](/news/2008/08/18/2008-south-ossetia-war-according-to-general-staff-in-moscow-russia-has-begun-troop-withdrawals-from-georgia-following-a-pledge-by-presi.md) _Context: Dmitry Medvedev, Moscow, Russia_
9. [GTA gang: Three so-called GTA gang members are shot dead and four others are wounded, including two guards, at a courthouse in Moscow, Russia, after they attempted to escape. ](/news/2017/08/1/gta-gang-three-so-called-gta-gang-members-are-shot-dead-and-four-others-are-wounded-including-two-guards-at-a-courthouse-in-moscow-russi.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia_
10. [Ukrainian crisis: DPR leader Alexander Zakharchenko announced that the self-declared Donetsk People's Republic (DPR) and Luhansk People's Republic (LPR) would form a new state called Malorossiya (Little Russia) as an official successor to what he called the "failed state" of Ukraine, with Donetsk replacing Kiev as the country's capital. Ukrainian president Petro Poroshenko and LPR leader Igor Plotnitsky denounced the plans. ](/news/2017/07/18/ukrainian-crisis-dpr-leader-alexander-zakharchenko-announced-that-the-self-declared-donetsk-people-s-republic-dpr-and-luhansk-people-s-re.md) _Context: Kiev, Ukraine_
