### [1999-05-27](/news/1999/05/27/index.md)

#  The International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia in The Hague, Netherlands indicts Slobodan Milosevic and four others for war crimes and crimes against humanity committed in Kosovo.




### Related:

1. [Philippine Drug War. A Filipino lawyer files a complaint of "mass murder and crimes against humanity" against Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte and eleven other officials at the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2017/04/24/philippine-drug-war-a-filipino-lawyer-files-a-complaint-of-mass-murder-and-crimes-against-humanity-against-philippines-president-rodrigo.md) _Context: Netherlands, The Hague, crimes against humanity_
2. [It is announced that Laurent Gbagbo, the former President of Cte d'Ivoire, has been transferred to the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands, to face trial for crimes against humanity. ](/news/2011/11/30/it-is-announced-that-laurent-gbagbo-the-former-president-of-cote-d-ivoire-has-been-transferred-to-the-international-criminal-court-in-the.md) _Context: Netherlands, The Hague, crimes against humanity_
3. [Former Vice President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Jean-Pierre Bemba, goes on trial for crimes against humanity and war crimes at the International Criminal Court in The Hague. ](/news/2010/11/22/former-vice-president-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-jean-pierre-bemba-goes-on-trial-for-crimes-against-humanity-and-war-crimes-a.md) _Context: The Hague, crimes against humanity, war crime_
4. [The trial of former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic resumes at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2010/09/27/the-trial-of-former-bosnian-serb-leader-radovan-karada3-4ia-resumes-at-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-in-the-h.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Netherlands, The Hague_
5. [The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in The Hague orders the retrial of former Kosovan Prime Minister Ramush Haradinaj after stating his first trial was marred by witness intimidation. ](/news/2010/07/21/the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-in-the-hague-orders-the-retrial-of-former-kosovan-prime-minister-ramush-haradi.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Kosovo, The Hague_
6. [ The trial of Jovica Stanisic and Franko Simatovic, two former Serbian State Security Service officers and allies of Slobodan Milosevic, starts at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in The Hague. ](/news/2008/03/17/the-trial-of-jovica-stania-ia-and-franko-simatovia-two-former-serbian-state-security-service-officers-and-allies-of-slobodan-miloa-evia.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Slobodan Milosevic, The Hague_
7. [ The trial of seven former Bosnian Serb officers for alleged involvement in the Srebrenica massacre begins at The Hague war crimes tribunal. Five of the seven standing trial face genocide charges, as well as crimes against humanity. The trial is the largest yet staged at The Hague. ](/news/2006/07/14/the-trial-of-seven-former-bosnian-serb-officers-for-alleged-involvement-in-the-srebrenica-massacre-begins-at-the-hague-war-crimes-tribunal.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, The Hague, crimes against humanity_
8. [ The former Yugoslav president Slobodan Milosevic has been found dead in his prison cell in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2006/03/11/the-former-yugoslav-president-slobodan-miloa-evia-has-been-found-dead-in-his-prison-cell-in-the-hague-netherlands.md) _Context: Netherlands, Slobodan Milosevic, The Hague_
9. [ Croatian general Ante Gotovina, rated the third-most-wanted war criminal from the Yugoslav wars by the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia, is arrested by Spanish police in Tenerife and extradited to face the tribunal in The Hague. ](/news/2005/12/8/croatian-general-ante-gotovina-rated-the-third-most-wanted-war-criminal-from-the-yugoslav-wars-by-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, The Hague, war crime_
10. [ The Serbian special war crimes tribunal asks the government to ask Argentina for extradition of Nebojsa Minic, suspected of crimes against humanity in Kosovo in 1999 ](/news/2005/06/15/the-serbian-special-war-crimes-tribunal-asks-the-government-to-ask-argentina-for-extradition-of-neboja-a-minia-suspected-of-crimes-agains.md) _Context: Kosovo, crimes against humanity, war crime_
