### [2017-06-13](/news/2017/06/13/index.md)

# Irish Taoiseach Enda Kenny makes his farewell address to Dail Eireann, and will submit his resignation to President Michael D. Higgins after six years in office. It is expected that his successor, Leo Varadkar, will be elected by the Dail to succeed him tomorrow. 

Taoiseach Enda Kenny has told the Dáil that he plans to travel to Áras an Uachtaráin to tender his resignation to President Michael D Higgins.


### Source:

1. [RTÉ](https://www.rte.ie/news/2017/0613/882267-enda-kenny/)

### Related:

1. [The Irish Dail Eireann (parliament) fails to elect a new taoiseach (Prime Minister) with incumbent Enda Kenny carrying on as a caretaker. ](/news/2016/03/10/the-irish-da-il-aireann-parliament-fails-to-elect-a-new-taoiseach-prime-minister-with-incumbent-enda-kenny-carrying-on-as-a-caretaker.md) _Context: Dail Eireann, Enda Kenny, Taoiseach_
2. [Ireland's Taoiseach Enda Kenny attacks the Vatican's approach to the child abuse scandals in the country as "absolutely disgraceful", while the Socialist Party's Joe Higgins tells Dail Eireann that people were "throwing their hands in the air" after the report into the sexual abuse scandal in Cloyne diocese was published this week. ](/news/2011/07/15/ireland-s-taoiseach-enda-kenny-attacks-the-vatican-s-approach-to-the-child-abuse-scandals-in-the-country-as-absolutely-disgraceful-while.md) _Context: Dail Eireann, Enda Kenny, Taoiseach_
3. [Moriarty Tribunal:Taoiseach Enda Kenny confirms that disgraced former minister Michael Lowry is to be censured by Dail Eireann today without any discussion of the matter, following two days of debate on the tribunal's findings. ](/news/2011/03/31/moriarty-tribunal-ptaoiseach-enda-kenny-confirms-that-disgraced-former-minister-michael-lowry-is-to-be-censured-by-da-il-aireann-today-with.md) _Context: Dail Eireann, Enda Kenny, Taoiseach_
4. [Moriarty Tribunal in Ireland:Former government minister Michael Lowry refuses to resign the seat he recently claimed back in Dail Eireann in the aftermath of the Moriarty Tribunal's findings that he assisted billionaire businessman Denis O'Brien "beyond doubt" in gaining a mobile phone license for Esat Digifone, in actions judged "disgraceful and insidious" by the tribunal. Taoiseach Enda Kenny admits Fine Gael accepted a donation worth thousands of dollars from Esat at the time. ](/news/2011/03/24/moriarty-tribunal-in-ireland-pformer-government-minister-michael-lowry-refuses-to-resign-the-seat-he-recently-claimed-back-in-da-il-aireann.md) _Context: Dail Eireann, Enda Kenny, Taoiseach_
5. [The leaders of Ireland's two main political parties, Fianna Fail and Fine Gael, come under fire. Irish Taoiseach Brian Cowen faces a motion of no confidence in Dail Eireann, his second in just over a year. Leader of the Opposition, Enda Kenny, who sacked his deputy leader yesterday to prevent a potential coup, faces further revolt from his party as nine more members of his frontbench call on him to resign. ](/news/2010/06/15/the-leaders-of-ireland-s-two-main-political-parties-fianna-fa-il-and-fine-gael-come-under-fire-irish-taoiseach-brian-cowen-faces-a-motion.md) _Context: Dail Eireann, Enda Kenny, Taoiseach_
6. [Leo Varadkar becomes the new party leader of Fine Gael, after winning 51 of 73 votes in the parliamentary party, and is expected to become Taoiseach (Prime Minister) of Ireland, which would make him the youngest and first openly gay man to be Taoiseach, as well as being the first of half-Indian descent. ](/news/2017/06/2/leo-varadkar-becomes-the-new-party-leader-of-fine-gael-after-winning-51-of-73-votes-in-the-parliamentary-party-and-is-expected-to-become-t.md) _Context: Leo Varadkar, Taoiseach_
7. [Irish Taoiseach Enda Kenny announces that he will step down as leader of Fine Gael from midnight, but will remain Taoiseach until a leader is elected. ](/news/2017/05/17/irish-taoiseach-enda-kenny-announces-that-he-will-step-down-as-leader-of-fine-gael-from-midnight-but-will-remain-taoiseach-until-a-leader-i.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Taoiseach_
8. [Taoiseach Enda Kenny says that Irish unity must be considered in Brexit talks. ](/news/2016/09/9/taoiseach-enda-kenny-says-that-irish-unity-must-be-considered-in-brexit-talks.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Taoiseach_
9. [Prime Minister Enda Kenny, who rejected suggestions he should resign, says he will "fully and inclusively" engage with other parties, groups and Independents, including Fianna Fail,  as he forms the country's  government. Sinn Fein says it is not interested in forming a coalition government with Kenny's  Fine Gael party. ](/news/2016/03/1/prime-minister-enda-kenny-who-rejected-suggestions-he-should-resign-says-he-will-fully-and-inclusively-engage-with-other-parties-groups.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Taoiseach_
10. [As part of his state visit to the United Kingdom, Irish President Michael D. Higgins addresses the Houses of Parliament and attends a banquet at Windsor Castle with Elizabeth II. ](/news/2014/04/8/as-part-of-his-state-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-irish-president-michael-d-higgins-addresses-the-houses-of-parliament-and-attends-a-banque.md) _Context: Michael D. Higgins, President_
