### [2017-06-13](/news/2017/06/13/index.md)

# North Korean defectors: A North Korean soldier crosses the Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) and defects to South Korea, the first since September 2016. 




### Source:

1. [Yonhap](http://english.yonhapnews.co.kr/news/2017/06/13/0200000000AEN20170613011700315.html)

### Related:

1. [North Korean defectors: A North Korean soldier defects to South Korea after swimming across the Han River, the second North Korean defection in a week. ](/news/2017/06/18/north-korean-defectors-a-north-korean-soldier-defects-to-south-korea-after-swimming-across-the-han-river-the-second-north-korean-defection.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korean defectors, South Korea_
2. [South Korea announces it will be raising its US$217,000 cash reward for classified information from North Korea by defectors to $860,000. ](/news/2017/03/5/south-korea-announces-it-will-be-raising-its-us-217-000-cash-reward-for-classified-information-from-north-korea-by-defectors-to-860-000.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korean defectors, South Korea_
3. [North Korean defectors: North Korea's deputy ambassador to the United Kingdom, Thae Yong-ho, defects with his family to South Korea. ](/news/2016/08/17/north-korean-defectors-north-korea-s-deputy-ambassador-to-the-united-kingdom-thae-yong-ho-defects-with-his-family-to-south-korea.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korean defectors, South Korea_
4. [North Korea-South Korea relations: North Korean defectors: A group of 13 North Koreans working at a restaurant in an unidentified country defect en masse to South Korea, according to Seoul's Ministry of Unification. ](/news/2016/04/8/north-korea-south-korea-relations-north-korean-defectors-a-group-of-13-north-koreans-working-at-a-restaurant-in-an-unidentified-country.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korean defectors, South Korea_
5. [ North Korea - South Korea relations: North Korean defectors: North Korea accuses South Korea of kidnapping its citizens and demands their immediate return after Seoul's Ministry of Unification said 13 of them had defected to South Korea from China, where they worked in a Pyongyang-operated restaurant. China says that the 13 people, a male manager and 12 young female employees, had legitimate passports and had freely exited China. ](/news/2016/04/12/north-korea-south-korea-relations-north-korean-defectors-north-korea-accuses-south-korea-of-kidnapping-its-citizens-and-demands-their.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korean defectors, South Korea_
6. [North Korea-South Korea relations: North Korean defectors: South Korea announces that a colonel from North Korea's military spy agency defected to the south last year. Senior-level defections are rare, most being low level operatives. ](/news/2016/04/11/north-korea-south-korea-relations-north-korean-defectors-south-korea-announces-that-a-colonel-from-north-korea-s-military-spy-agency-def.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korean defectors, South Korea_
7. [Korean border incidents: South Korean soldiers fire warning shots at a suspected North Korean drone near the Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ). The "unidentified flying object" was spotted around 29 miles north of Seoul, near South Korea's Dora Observation Post. ](/news/2016/01/13/korean-border-incidents-south-korean-soldiers-fire-warning-shots-at-a-suspected-north-korean-drone-near-the-korean-demilitarized-zone-dmz.md) _Context: Korean Demilitarized Zone, North Korea, South Korea_
8. [2016 North Korean nuclear test: A single United States Air Force B-52 long-range strategic bomber makes a low-level flight over South Korea, close to the Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ), in a show of force following North Korea's fourth nuclear test on January 6, before returning to its base in Guam. ](/news/2016/01/10/2016-north-korean-nuclear-test-a-single-united-states-air-force-b-52-long-range-strategic-bomber-makes-a-low-level-flight-over-south-korea.md) _Context: Korean Demilitarized Zone, North Korea, South Korea_
9. [North Korea-South Korea relations: Korean Demilitarized Zone: North and South Korea exchange artillery fire over the border at Yeoncheon, prompting South Korea to order evacuations of its citizens in the area. ](/news/2015/08/20/north-korea-south-korea-relations-korean-demilitarized-zone-north-and-south-korea-exchange-artillery-fire-over-the-border-at-yeoncheon.md) _Context: Korean Demilitarized Zone, North Korea, South Korea_
10. [A South Korean official claims that North Korea is placing land mines in the Korean Demilitarized Zone to stop soldiers from defecting. The Korean DMZ already contains an estimated 1 million mines. ](/news/2015/06/14/a-south-korean-official-claims-that-north-korea-is-placing-land-mines-in-the-korean-demilitarized-zone-to-stop-soldiers-from-defecting-the.md) _Context: Korean Demilitarized Zone, North Korea, South Korea_
