### [2016-11-29](/news/2016/11/29/index.md)

# A fire kills at least 12 people and another 22 were injured in Adana Province, Turkey. 

Electricity eyed in fire in which 22 others injured, hospitalized in Adana province - Anadolu Agency


### Source:

1. [Anadolu Agency](http://aa.com.tr/en/turkey/dorm-fire-kills-12-in-southern-turkey/695816)
2. [Daily Sabah](http://www.dailysabah.com/nation/2016/11/29/fire-breaks-out-in-girls-dorm-in-southern-turkey-11-students-and-one-worker-killed)
3. [Hürriyet Daily News](http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/eight-students-killed-in-fire-at-dormitory-in-turkeys-adana-report.aspx?pageID=238&nID=106726&NewsCatID=341)
4. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-turkey-fire-idUSKBN13O2O9?il=0)

### Related:

1. [A suspected car bomb outside the office of the governor of the southern Turkish province of Adana kills at least two people and injures 16. ](/news/2016/11/24/a-suspected-car-bomb-outside-the-office-of-the-governor-of-the-southern-turkish-province-of-adana-kills-at-least-two-people-and-injures-16.md) _Context: Adana Province, Turkey_
2. [2017 Aegean Sea earthquake: A 6.7 magnitude earthquake in the Aegean Sea near Greece and Turkey kills two people and injures more than 520 others. ](/news/2017/07/21/2017-aegean-sea-earthquake-a-6-7-magnitude-earthquake-in-the-aegean-sea-near-greece-and-turkey-kills-two-people-and-injures-more-than-520-o.md) _Context: Turkey_
3. [Syrian Civil War: Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-civil-war-syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-o.md) _Context: Turkey_
4. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis: The Bahrain News Agency publishes an official list of the demands from Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt towards Qatar. Turkey says the demands on Qatar are unlawful. ](/news/2017/06/25/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-the-bahrain-news-agency-publishes-an-official-list-of-the-demands-from-saudi-arabia-bahrain-the-united-arab.md) _Context: Turkey_
5. [Creation-evolution controversy: Turkey decides to stop teaching evolution to its students until their university level curriculum, deeming it controversial and too complex to understand. Critics say this undermines the secular foundation of the Turkish state. ](/news/2017/06/23/creation-evolution-controversy-turkey-decides-to-stop-teaching-evolution-to-its-students-until-their-university-level-curriculum-deeming.md) _Context: Turkey_
6. [Akyazi electrocution incident: Five people are killed after being electrocuted at a water park in Akyazi, Turkey. ](/news/2017/06/23/akyaza-electrocution-incident-five-people-are-killed-after-being-electrocuted-at-a-water-park-in-akyaza-turkey.md) _Context: Turkey_
7. [Syria-United States relations: Turkey-United States relations: Despite opposition from Turkey, President Donald Trump authorizes an arms deal with the Syrian Kurds to assist the Syrian Democratic Forces in their fight against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). ](/news/2017/05/9/syria-united-states-relations-turkey-united-states-relations-despite-opposition-from-turkey-president-donald-trump-authorizes-an-arms.md) _Context: Turkey_
8. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Turkey_
9. [2017 clashes at the Turkish Embassy in Washington, D.C.: Turkey summons United States Ambassador John R. Bass to protest alleged "aggressive and unprofessional actions" by American security personnel against Turkish bodyguards, calling for the United States to conduct a full investigation on the May 17 clashes. The American ambassador told Turkey's government that its guards violated U.S. laws. Last week, the U.S. summoned Turkish Ambassador Serdar Kilic to discuss about Turkish security officers hitting and kicking peaceful protesters outside the Turkish ambassador's residence in Washington, D.C. ](/news/2017/05/22/2017-clashes-at-the-turkish-embassy-in-washington-d-c-turkey-summons-united-states-ambassador-john-r-bass-to-protest-alleged-aggressive.md) _Context: Turkey_
10. [Turkey-United States relations: The U.S. summons Turkish ambassador Serdar Kilic after violence between protesters and Turkish security personnel outside the Embassy of Turkey, Washington, D.C. leaves over a dozen people injured. U.S. Senator John McCain calls on the Trump administration to expel the ambassador. ](/news/2017/05/18/turkey-united-states-relations-the-u-s-summons-turkish-ambassador-serdar-ka-la-ass-after-violence-between-protesters-and-turkish-security.md) _Context: Turkey_
