### [2016-11-29](/news/2016/11/29/index.md)

# Kashmir conflict. Nagrota army base attack. Militants launch an attack on an Indian Army base in the town of Nagrota. At least 7 soldiers and 3 insurgents die in the attack. 

Militants attacked an army base near the Indian city of Jammu on Tuesday, killing at least seven security personnel and taking hostages in the boldest assault on a military base in the region in recent months, officials said.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/aponline/2016/11/29/world/asia/ap-as-kashmir.html?_r=0)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-india-kashmir-attacks-idUSKBN13O0KX?il=0)
3. [The Times of India](http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/3-Army-personnel-killed-in-terror-attack-on-Nagrota-artillery-unit-near-Jammu/articleshow/55684785.cms)

### Related:

1. [Kashmir conflict. At least three Pakistan Army soldiers are killed by the Indian Army, while separate clashes kill three Indian Army soldiers and one suspected militant, at the Line of Control. ](/news/2017/02/14/kashmir-conflict-at-least-three-pakistan-army-soldiers-are-killed-by-the-indian-army-while-separate-clashes-kill-three-indian-army-soldier.md) _Context: Indian Army, Kashmir conflict_
2. [Kashmir conflict. Four suspected militants, two Indian Army soldiers, and one civilian are killed in clashes in a village in southern Jammu and Kashmir. ](/news/2017/02/12/kashmir-conflict-four-suspected-militants-two-indian-army-soldiers-and-one-civilian-are-killed-in-clashes-in-a-village-in-southern-jammu.md) _Context: Indian Army, Kashmir conflict_
3. [Kashmir conflict. Indian Army soldiers fire on separatist protesters following unruly behaviour resulting in the death of a teenage protester. ](/news/2015/04/18/kashmir-conflict-indian-army-soldiers-fire-on-separatist-protesters-following-unruly-behaviour-resulting-in-the-death-of-a-teenage-proteste.md) _Context: Indian Army, Kashmir conflict_
4. [Kashmir conflict:. India claims two of its soldiers have been killed during a gunfight with Pakistani forces in the Indian-controlled portion of Kashmir. This report comes two days after Pakistan made a similar claim of the death of one of its troops due to an Indian cross-border operation in the disputed region. ](/news/2013/01/8/kashmir-conflict-india-claims-two-of-its-soldiers-have-been-killed-during-a-gunfight-with-pakistani-forces-in-the-indian-controlled-portio.md) _Context: Indian Army, Kashmir conflict_
5. [Kashmir conflict:. A cross-border raid conducted by Indian troops in the disputed Kashmir region results in the death of one Pakistani soldier and another critically wounded, according to Pakistani reports. ](/news/2013/01/6/kashmir-conflict-a-cross-border-raid-conducted-by-indian-troops-in-the-disputed-kashmir-region-results-in-the-death-of-one-pakistani-soldi.md) _Context: Indian Army, Kashmir conflict_
6. [At least 14 Indian Army soldiers and four civilians are killed in a series of avalanches near the Line of Control in Jammu and Kashmir. ](/news/2017/01/26/at-least-14-indian-army-soldiers-and-four-civilians-are-killed-in-a-series-of-avalanches-near-the-line-of-control-in-jammu-and-kashmir.md) _Context: Indian Army_
7. [2016 India-Pakistan military confrontation. Kashmir conflict. Pakistani Chief of Air Staff Sohail Aman warns India not to escalate tensions in the disputed territory of Kashmir under the threat of a full-scale war. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson urges both sides to restrain themselves while on a diplomatic mission to Islamabad. ](/news/2016/11/24/2016-india-pakistan-military-confrontation-kashmir-conflict-pakistani-chief-of-air-staff-sohail-aman-warns-india-not-to-escalate-tension.md) _Context: Kashmir conflict_
8. [2016 India-Pakistan military confrontation. The Indian Army claims it conducted surgical strikes on militant camps in Pakistan across the Line of Control, allegedly-killing several suspected militants. However, Pakistan rejects this claim and terms it cross-border firing that killed two of its soldiers. ](/news/2016/09/29/2016-india-pakistan-military-confrontation-the-indian-army-claims-it-conducted-surgical-strikes-on-militant-camps-in-pakistan-across-the.md) _Context: Indian Army_
9. [Kashmir insurgency. Four Jaish-e-Mohammed militants attack an Indian Army base near the Pakistan border with at least 17 soldiers and four militants killed. ](/news/2016/09/18/kashmir-insurgency-four-jaish-e-mohammed-militants-attack-an-indian-army-base-near-the-pakistan-border-with-at-least-17-soldiers-and-four-m.md) _Context: Indian Army_
10. [Insurgency in Jammu and Kashmir. 2016 Kashmir unrest. At least three people are killed and dozens more are wounded when protesters clash with Indian Army soldiers. The protesters defied an army curfew and took part in the funeral of a top rebel commander of Hizbul Mujahideen. ](/news/2016/07/9/insurgency-in-jammu-and-kashmir-2016-kashmir-unrest-at-least-three-people-are-killed-and-dozens-more-are-wounded-when-protesters-clash-wit.md) _Context: Indian Army_
