### [2016-11-29](/news/2016/11/29/index.md)

# Law enforcement officials believed Abdul Razak Ali Artan, the perpetrator of a car ramming and stabbing attack at Ohio State University (OSU)'s Watts Hall, was inspired by terrorist propaganda from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, and radical Muslim cleric Anwar al-Awlaki. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/11/29/us/ohio-state-university-attack/)

### Related:

1. [ Eleven people are hospitalized, one in critical condition, after a suspect rammed his  car  into a crowd, and then stabbed numerous people on Ohio State's Columbus campus. Police have declared the scene secure. The suspect, a refugee from Somalia, and a student at the university, is shot and killed by a police officer after he failed to obey orders to stop. ](/news/2016/11/28/eleven-people-are-hospitalized-one-in-critical-condition-after-a-suspect-rammed-his-car-into-a-crowd-and-then-stabbed-numerous-people.md) _Context: 2016 Ohio State University attack, Ohio State University_
2. [A U.S. special forces service member is killed while taking part in an operation against ISIL militants in Afghanistan's eastern Nangarhar Province. ](/news/2017/04/8/a-u-s-special-forces-service-member-is-killed-while-taking-part-in-an-operation-against-isil-militants-in-afghanistan-s-eastern-nangarhar-p.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
3. [According to security sources, dozens of people are killed in an overnight attack in Tikrit by suspected ISIL militants. 31 bodies were taken to a hospital, according to a local doctor, while more continued to be found by morning. ](/news/2017/04/5/according-to-security-sources-dozens-of-people-are-killed-in-an-overnight-attack-in-tikrit-by-suspected-isil-militants-31-bodies-were-take.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
4. [The United Nations announces expansion of civilian camps for people fleeing Mosul, following resumption of airstrikes  on ISIL-held portions of the Iraqi city. ](/news/2017/04/4/the-united-nations-announces-expansion-of-civilian-camps-for-people-fleeing-mosul-following-resumption-of-airstrikes-on-isil-held-portions.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [Two people are killed in an attack in a Federal Security Service office in the Russian city of Khabarovsk. The gunman is also killed. The US-Israeli SITE Intelligence Group says Amaq News Agency claims the attack for Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. The Russian Federal Security Service says the native 18-year-old perpetrator was a known member of a neo-nazi group. ](/news/2017/04/21/two-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-in-a-federal-security-service-office-in-the-russian-city-of-khabarovsk-the-gunman-is-also-killed-the-us.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [The Afghan Ministry of Defense reports as many as 36 suspected ISIL militants were killed while no civilians were harmed in yesterday's bombing in Nangarhar Province using the so-called "mother of all bombs" (GBU-43). The ministry spokesman added these deaths have not been independently verified. ](/news/2017/04/14/the-afghan-ministry-of-defense-reports-as-many-as-36-suspected-isil-militants-were-killed-while-no-civilians-were-harmed-in-yesterday-s-bomb.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [The United States Air Force drops the GBU-43/B Massive Ordnance Air Blast in Nangarhar Province, Afghanistan, reportedly on an ISIL complex of tunnels and caves. This is the first use of the weapon on the battlefield.  ](/news/2017/04/13/the-united-states-air-force-drops-the-gbu-43-b-massive-ordnance-air-blast-in-nangarhar-province-afghanistan-reportedly-on-an-isil-complex.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [A suicide bomber kills at least five people and wounds ten more near government offices in Kabul. ISIL claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/04/12/a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-five-people-and-wounds-ten-more-near-government-offices-in-kabul-isil-claims-responsibility-for-the-attack.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [An Iraqi airstrike near Al Qaim, Anbar province, Iraq, kills Ayad al-Jumaili, believed to be ISIL's second-in-command. ](/news/2017/04/1/an-iraqi-airstrike-near-al-qaim-anbar-province-iraq-kills-ayad-al-jumaili-believed-to-be-isil-s-second-in-command.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [The United States Marine Corps' 11th Marine Expeditionary Unit arrives in Syria ahead of a Syrian Democratic Forces operation to take control of ISIL's de facto capital of Raqqa. ](/news/2017/03/8/the-united-states-marine-corps-11th-marine-expeditionary-unit-arrives-in-syria-ahead-of-a-syrian-democratic-forces-operation-to-take-contro.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
