### [2016-11-29](/news/2016/11/29/index.md)

# Protesters in Brazil hold a violent demonstration against a proposed public spending cap in the capital Brasilia. Police used tear gas and rubber bullets in order to disperse the demonstrators. 

Thousands of demonstrators on Tuesday evening staged one of the strongest protests against Brazilian President Michel Temer and his fiscal-austerity agenda, turning over cars and trying to break into the country’s Senate as police fired tear gas and what appeared to be rubber bullets.


### Source:

1. [Wall Street Journal](http://www.wsj.com/articles/thousands-protest-brazilian-president-ahead-of-vote-on-public-spending-cap-1480454223)

### Related:

1. [2013 protests in Brazil:. Police again fire tear gas at demonstrators participating in nationwide protests across Brazil. ](/news/2013/06/23/2013-protests-in-brazil-police-again-fire-tear-gas-at-demonstrators-participating-in-nationwide-protests-across-brazil.md) _Context: Brazil, tear gas_
2. [Brazilian environmentalists and indigenous rights activists protest against the Belo Monte Dam in Brasilia. ](/news/2011/02/8/brazilian-environmentalists-and-indigenous-rights-activists-protest-against-the-belo-monte-dam-in-brasilia.md) _Context: Brasilia, Brazil_
3. [Corruption in Brazil. Operation Car Wash. Former Brazilian president Luiz Incio Lula da Silva is convicted on corruption and money laundering charges in connection with the Petrobras investigation. Lula, who remains free on appeal, is sentenced to nine and a half years in prison. ](/news/2017/07/12/corruption-in-brazil-operation-car-wash-former-brazilian-president-luiz-inacio-lula-da-silva-is-convicted-on-corruption-and-money-launderi.md) _Context: Brazil_
4. [Corruption in Brazil. Brazil's Superior Electoral Court reopens the illegal campaign funding case against President Michel Temer, who was the vice presidential candidate on former President Dilma Rousseff's ticket in 2014. Temer became president in August 2016 when Rousseff was impeached, and could be unseated if the court annuls the Rousseff-Temer election victory. ](/news/2017/06/6/corruption-in-brazil-brazil-s-superior-electoral-court-reopens-the-illegal-campaign-funding-case-against-president-michel-temer-who-was-th.md) _Context: Brazil_
5. [Corruption in Brazil. The Brazilian Supreme Federal Court releases a plea bargain testimony from JBS S.A., revealing that the company paid 500 million reais in bribes to politicians, including current President Michel Temer and his predecessors Dilma and Lula. ](/news/2017/05/19/corruption-in-brazil-the-brazilian-supreme-federal-court-releases-a-plea-bargain-testimony-from-jbs-s-a-revealing-that-the-company-paid-5.md) _Context: Brazil_
6. [A general strike is held in Brazil, the first one in twenty years. ](/news/2017/04/28/a-general-strike-is-held-in-brazil-the-first-one-in-twenty-years.md) _Context: Brazil_
7. [In Paraguay, around 50 armed men, allegedly belonging to the Brazil-based Primeiro Comando da Capital criminal gang, storm a security vault and police headquarters in Ciudad del Este, escaping with around $6 million in a daring cross-border raid. ](/news/2017/04/24/in-paraguay-around-50-armed-men-allegedly-belonging-to-the-brazil-based-primeiro-comando-da-capital-criminal-gang-storm-a-security-vault.md) _Context: Brazil_
8. [List of Falcon 9 and Falcon Heavy launches. SpaceX successfully launches the EchoStar 23 satellite, a Direct-to-home television broadcast services for Brazil, into a geosynchronous transfer orbit, using the fully expendable version of their Falcon 9 launch vehicle. ](/news/2017/03/16/list-of-falcon-9-and-falcon-heavy-launches-spacex-successfully-launches-the-echostar-23-satellite-a-direct-to-home-television-broadcast-se.md) _Context: Brazil_
9. [A judge in Peru issues an arrest warrant for former President Alejandro Toledo for allegedly receiving US$20 million in bribes from Odebrecht, a Brazilian construction company, in exchange for a contract deal to build a transoceanic highway between Brazil and the Peruvian coast. Toledo denies any wrongdoing. ](/news/2017/02/10/a-judge-in-peru-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-former-president-alejandro-toledo-for-allegedly-receiving-us-20-million-in-bribes-from-odebrech.md) _Context: Brazil_
10. [Members of the Brazilian Primeiro Comando da Capital prison gang kill 31 inmates in the Monte Cristo prison in the state of Roraima. This action was revenge for an earlier massacre in a prison in Amazonas that killed 56 inmates. ](/news/2017/01/6/members-of-the-brazilian-primeiro-comando-da-capital-prison-gang-kill-31-inmates-in-the-monte-cristo-prison-in-the-state-of-roraima-this-ac.md) _Context: Brazil_
