### [2016-11-29](/news/2016/11/29/index.md)

# Susan Kiefel is appointed by Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull as the next Chief Justice of Australia. She will be sworn in at the end of January next year, and will become Australia's first female Chief Justice. 

From leaving school at age 15 to the High Court Chief Justice, Susan Kiefel will become the first female appointed to the highest judicial office in the land.


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2016-11-29/susan-kiefel-appointed-australia's-first-female-chief-justice/8073942)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.abc.net.au/news/image/8074030-1x1-700x700.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Susan Kiefel is sworn in as the first female Chief Justice of Australia. ](/news/2017/01/31/susan-kiefel-is-sworn-in-as-the-first-female-chief-justice-of-australia.md) _Context: Chief Justice of Australia, Susan Kiefel_
2. [Two transcripts of telephone conversations between U.S. President Donald Trump and foreign leaders are leaked. Trump was shown to disagree with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto on 27 January over the proposed border wall, and with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull the next day over the resettlement deal of refugees in Nauru and Manus. ](/news/2017/08/3/two-transcripts-of-telephone-conversations-between-u-s-president-donald-trump-and-foreign-leaders-are-leaked-trump-was-shown-to-disagree-w.md) _Context: Malcolm Turnbull_
3. [Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull expresses shock and demands answers after an Australian woman, who called 9-1-1 for help because of a suspected assault near her home, was shot and killed on Saturday by a U.S. police officer who had responded in Minneapolis, Minnesota. ](/news/2017/07/19/australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-expresses-shock-and-demands-answers-after-an-australian-woman-who-called-9-1-1-for-help-because.md) _Context: Malcolm Turnbull_
4. [Citing unnamed U.S. officials, "The Washington Post" reports that U.S. President Donald Trump berated Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull. Trump claimed it was "the worst call by far" and criticized a refugee settlement deal organised between the Turnbull Government and the Obama administration in late 2016. ](/news/2017/02/2/citing-unnamed-u-s-officials-the-washington-post-reports-that-u-s-president-donald-trump-berated-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turn.md) _Context: Malcolm Turnbull_
5. [Australian prime minister Malcolm Turnbull plans to introduce a plebiscite on the legality of same-sex marriage in the country. ](/news/2016/09/14/australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-plans-to-introduce-a-plebiscite-on-the-legality-of-same-sex-marriage-in-the-country.md) _Context: Malcolm Turnbull_
6. [Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull's Liberal/National coalition, behind Bill Shorten's Labor Party in the first 48 hours following Saturday's election, is now ahead of Labor in the Lower House, 74-71 seats; 76 seats are needed to form a government. Minor parties and independents have won five seats; mail-in and absentee votes are still being counted. Turnbull is on the road today seeking support from a small handful of independent and small party lawmakers. ](/news/2016/07/7/australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-s-liberal-national-coalition-behind-bill-shorten-s-labor-party-in-the-first-48-hours-following-s.md) _Context: Malcolm Turnbull_
7. [The election deadlock continues as neither Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull nor opposition leader Bill Shorten has the minimum number of Lower House seats (76) needed to form a government. Shorten leads Turnbull, 71-67, with only six seats undecided. ](/news/2016/07/4/the-election-deadlock-continues-as-neither-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-nor-opposition-leader-bill-shorten-has-the-minimum-num.md) _Context: Malcolm Turnbull_
8. [The Prime Minister of Australia Malcolm Turnbull announces that a Royal Commission will be held into the Northern Territory youth justice system after the Australian Broadcasting Commission's Four Corners program shows footage of juvenile Aboriginal Australians being tortured at the Don Dale Juvenile Detention Centre. John Elferink has been sacked as the Northern Territory's Minister for Justice and Corrections following the report. ](/news/2016/07/26/the-prime-minister-of-australia-malcolm-turnbull-announces-that-a-royal-commission-will-be-held-into-the-northern-territory-youth-justice-sy.md) _Context: Malcolm Turnbull_
9. [The Prime Minister of Australia, Malcolm Turnbull said that his country would open up trading with the United Kingdom in a post-EU trade deal. ](/news/2016/07/17/the-prime-minister-of-australia-malcolm-turnbull-said-that-his-country-would-open-up-trading-with-the-united-kingdom-in-a-post-eu-trade-dea.md) _Context: Malcolm Turnbull_
10. [The Leader of the Opposition, Bill Shorten, concedes defeat as continued counting in marginal seats indicates that the governing coalition of the Liberal Party and National Party will either win a narrow majority or be able to govern with the support of independents. Malcolm Turnbull will continue as Prime Minister of Australia and has claimed victory. ](/news/2016/07/10/the-leader-of-the-opposition-bill-shorten-concedes-defeat-as-continued-counting-in-marginal-seats-indicates-that-the-governing-coalition-o.md) _Context: Malcolm Turnbull_
