### [2016-11-29](/news/2016/11/29/index.md)

# Taliban officials make an offer to protect national interests such as copper mines and an international gas pipeline to assist the development of Afghanistan. 

Armed group behind much of the violence over the past 15 years, frightening off investors despite its vast resources.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/11/taliban-offers-security-copper-gas-projects-161129131200604.html)

### Related:

1. [War in Afghanistan Taliban insurgents attack an Afghan military base in Mazar-e-Sharif, Balkh Province, killing more than 140 soldiers. It is said to be the deadliest attack of its kind ](/news/2017/04/21/war-in-afghanistan-ptaliban-insurgents-attack-an-afghan-military-base-in-mazar-e-sharif-balkh-province-killing-more-than-140-soldiers-it.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
2. [Russian Special Envoy to Afghanistan Zamir Kabulov denies allegations by NATO Commander Gen. Curtis Scaparrotti that Russia was "perhaps" supplying the Taliban. ](/news/2017/03/24/russian-special-envoy-to-afghanistan-zamir-kabulov-denies-allegations-by-nato-commander-gen-curtis-scaparrotti-that-russia-was-perhaps-su.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
3. [Taliban insurgents seize control of the strategic town of Sangin in the southern Helmand Province after a year-long battle with Afghan security forces. ](/news/2017/03/23/taliban-insurgents-seize-control-of-the-strategic-town-of-sangin-in-the-southern-helmand-province-after-a-year-long-battle-with-afghan-secur.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
4. [Battle of Boz Qandahari: Two United States military personnel, four Afghan Commandos, and 30 civilians are killed in clashes with the Taliban in Kunduz province, Afghanistan. ](/news/2016/11/3/battle-of-boz-qandahari-two-united-states-military-personnel-four-afghan-commandos-and-30-civilians-are-killed-in-clashes-with-the-taliba.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
5. [A suicide bombing kills at least 14 people, mostly police officers, in Lashkargah, Helmand Province, as Taliban insurgents advance upon the Afghan city. ](/news/2016/10/10/a-suicide-bombing-kills-at-least-14-people-mostly-police-officers-in-lashkargah-helmand-province-as-taliban-insurgents-advance-upon-the.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
6. [Taliban militants storm the city of Tarinkot, the provincial capital of Afghanistan's Urozgan Province, with fighting reported on multiple fronts throughout the city. Local officials flee to the nearby Tarinkot Airport for shelter. ](/news/2016/09/8/taliban-militants-storm-the-city-of-tarinkot-the-provincial-capital-of-afghanistan-s-urozgan-province-with-fighting-reported-on-multiple-f.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
7. [The Taliban kills 12 members of Afghanistan's security forces who were captured in recent ambushes in the Ghazni Province on June 3 and 5. ](/news/2016/06/8/the-taliban-kills-12-members-of-afghanistan-s-security-forces-who-were-captured-in-recent-ambushes-in-the-ghazni-province-on-june-3-and-5.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
8. [  Suspect Taliban militants kill nine and kidnap 170 in an attack on three passenger buses in Kunduz, Afghanistan. ](/news/2016/05/31/suspect-taliban-militants-kill-nine-and-kidnap-170-in-an-attack-on-three-passenger-buses-in-kunduz-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
9. [The Afghan Taliban announces that Haibatullah Akhundzada will be its new leader replacing Akhtar Mansour who died recently in a drone strike. Sirajuddin Haqqani and Mullah Yaqoob are named as deputy leaders. ](/news/2016/05/25/the-afghan-taliban-announces-that-haibatullah-akhundzada-will-be-its-new-leader-replacing-akhtar-mansour-who-died-recently-in-a-drone-strike.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
10. [Heavy fighting continues in the north of Afghanistan as Taliban fighters intensify their attacks in several districts around Kunduz in their bid to retake the city. According to a police chief, militants overnight attacked several police checkpoints in the southwest outskirts of the city while government forces repelled a major attack to the east of Kunduz. ](/news/2016/04/17/heavy-fighting-continues-in-the-north-of-afghanistan-as-taliban-fighters-intensify-their-attacks-in-several-districts-around-kunduz-in-their.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
