### [2016-11-29](/news/2016/11/29/index.md)

# The Israeli ultra-orthodox party Shas proposes a bill that would thwart the mixed prayer area at Western Wall by placing the site under the jurisdiction of the Chief Rabbinate; if approved, a NIS 10,000 fine would be given to those engaging in male-female prayer or women wrapping themselves in the traditional talit or laying tefillin. 

The ultra-orthodox party proposes a bill that would thwart the mixed prayer area by placing the site under the jurisdiction of the Chief Rabbinate; if aproved, a NIS 10,000 fine would be given to those engaging in male-female prayer or women wrapping themselves in the traditional talit or laying tefillin.


### Source:

1. [Ynetnews](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-4885677,00.html)

### Related:

1. [A Jewish Israeli man is shot dead near Jerusalem's Western Wall after a guard mistakes him for a Palestinian militant after hearing him shout "Allahu Akbar". ](/news/2013/06/21/a-jewish-israeli-man-is-shot-dead-near-jerusalem-s-western-wall-after-a-guard-mistakes-him-for-a-palestinian-militant-after-hearing-him-shou.md) _Context: Israel, Western Wall_
2. [Five months after his expulsion from the Shas party, Israeli rabbi Chaim Amsellem forms the Whole Nation party, and announces plans to run for the 19th Knesset on a secular-religious unity platform. ](/news/2011/04/14/five-months-after-his-expulsion-from-the-shas-party-israeli-rabbi-chaim-amsellem-forms-the-whole-nation-party-and-announces-plans-to-run-f.md) _Context: Israel, Shas_
3. [Ovadia Yosef, a senior rabbi from Shas, a party within Israel's coalition government, calls for Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas to "vanish from our world". The United States condemns the remarks as "deeply offensive". ](/news/2010/08/30/ovadia-yosef-a-senior-rabbi-from-shas-a-party-within-israel-s-coalition-government-calls-for-palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-to-vani.md) _Context: Israel, Shas_
4. [A new bill is introduced in the Israeli Knesset that would force Haredi Jewish schools to teach core subjects such as mathematics, science, English, and civics, or lose state funding. ](/news/2010/07/10/a-new-bill-is-introduced-in-the-israeli-knesset-that-would-force-haredi-jewish-schools-to-teach-core-subjects-such-as-mathematics-science.md) _Context: Israel, ultra-orthodox_
5. [ More than 1,000 ultra-Orthodox Jews demonstrate outside the offices of U.S. firm Intel in Israel in protest at work taking place at the site on the Jewish Sabbath. ](/news/2009/11/14/more-than-1-000-ultra-orthodox-jews-demonstrate-outside-the-offices-of-u-s-firm-intel-in-israel-in-protest-at-work-taking-place-at-the-sit.md) _Context: Israel, ultra-orthodox_
6. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Israel_
7. [Israel arrests Palestinian lawmaker Khalida Jarrar over allegations of her inciting of violence. ](/news/2017/07/2/israel-arrests-palestinian-lawmaker-khalida-jarrar-over-allegations-of-her-inciting-of-violence.md) _Context: Israel_
8. [The Jewish Agency for Israel Board of Governors cancels Monday's dinner with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to protest Sunday's decision by his cabinet to rescind plans for a mixed-gender prayer area at Jerusalem's Western Wall, a compromise agreement reached after three years of intense negotiations. ](/news/2017/06/26/the-jewish-agency-for-israel-board-of-governors-cancels-monday-s-dinner-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-to-protest-sunday-s-d.md) _Context: Western Wall_
9. [Israel strikes two Syrian Army artillery positions and an ammunition truck in Quneitra Governorate, after stray shells from Syria land in the northern Golan Heights for a second day in a row. ](/news/2017/06/25/israel-strikes-two-syrian-army-artillery-positions-and-an-ammunition-truck-in-quneitra-governorate-after-stray-shells-from-syria-land-in-th.md) _Context: Israel_
10. [Israel and Syria exchange weapons fire in the disputed Golan Heights, with Israel destroying several targets, including two Syrian tanks. Although there were deaths on the ground in Syria, the number of casualties among Syrian forces is unknown. No Israeli troops were injured. ](/news/2017/06/24/israel-and-syria-exchange-weapons-fire-in-the-disputed-golan-heights-with-israel-destroying-several-targets-including-two-syrian-tanks-al.md) _Context: Israel_
