### [2016-11-29](/news/2016/11/29/index.md)

# The Philippines top historian resigns to protest President Rodrigo Duterte's decision to allow the burial of Ferdinand Marcos in the Heroes' Cemetery at Fort Bonifacio in Manila. 

MANILA, Philippines (AP) — The Philippine government&#039;s top historian resigned Tuesday to protest the president&#039;s decision to allow the burial of dictator Ferdinand Marcos in a heroes&#039; cemetery, in a growing political storm…


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/dabbd6d02b1e40f296395fd895c04746/philippine-govt-historian-resigns-over-dictators-burial)

### Related:

1. [Rodrigo Duterte, the Philippines presumptive president-elect, says  he will allow the immediate burial of former kleptocratic dictator Ferdinand Marcos at the Heroes' Cemetery in metropolitan Manila. ](/news/2016/05/23/rodrigo-duterte-the-philippines-presumptive-president-elect-says-he-will-allow-the-immediate-burial-of-former-kleptocratic-dictator-ferdi.md) _Context: Ferdinand Marcos, Heroes' Cemetery, President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
2. [In the Philippines, demonstrators call for President Rodrigo Duterte to address extrajudicial killings linked to the Philippine Drug War, ongoing military operations against communist rebels, and the controversial burial of Ferdinand Marcos in the Heroes' Cemetery. An effigy of Marcos was made as a centerpiece of the protest. ](/news/2016/12/10/in-the-philippines-demonstrators-call-for-president-rodrigo-duterte-to-address-extrajudicial-killings-linked-to-the-philippine-drug-war-on.md) _Context: Heroes' Cemetery, Rodrigo Duterte, burial of Ferdinand Marcos_
3. [The Duterte administration defends its decision to bury the former dictator Ferdinand Marcos in the Philippine heroes' cemetery. ](/news/2016/09/7/the-duterte-administration-defends-its-decision-to-bury-the-former-dictator-ferdinand-marcos-in-the-philippine-heroes-cemetery.md) _Context: Ferdinand Marcos, Rodrigo Duterte, burial of Ferdinand Marcos_
4. [In response to criticism of his government's extrajudicial killings of 1,800 people since July, Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte says that U.S. forces advising the Armed Forces of the Philippines against an Islamic insurgency in Mindanao are doing more harm than good and must leave the country, saying, "I do not want a rift with America, but they have to go," during a speech in Manila. ](/news/2016/09/12/in-response-to-criticism-of-his-government-s-extrajudicial-killings-of-1-800-people-since-july-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-says-th.md) _Context: Manila, President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
5. [The Philippine Defense ministry prepares for the burial of former President Ferdinand Marcos in the Heroes' Cemetery. ](/news/2016/08/8/the-philippine-defense-ministry-prepares-for-the-burial-of-former-president-ferdinand-marcos-in-the-heroes-cemetery.md) _Context: Ferdinand Marcos, Heroes' Cemetery, President of the Philippines_
6. [The Supreme Court of the Philippines says President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte can declare martial law in the whole Philippines. Two days prior, the Supreme Court had ](/news/2017/07/6/the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-says-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-can-declare-martial-law-in-the-whole-philippines-two.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
7. [History of the Philippines (1898-1946), During the annual State of the Nation Address through the Congress of the Philippines, President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte has outright demanded that the United States return the controversial Balangiga bells, taken during one of the campaigns of the Philippine-American War as spoils of war. Previous attempts to recover the bells have all failed so far. ](/news/2017/07/24/history-of-the-philippines-1898a1946-during-the-annual-state-of-the-nation-address-through-the-congress-of-the-philippines-president-o.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
8. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte indefinitely freezes the peace talks with the Communist Party of the Philippines after numerous attacks by the communist rebels on government forces. The President also vowed to re-orient anew the offensive against the Party's armed wing the New People's Army. ](/news/2017/07/21/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-indefinitely-freezes-the-peace-talks-with-the-communist-party-of-the-philippines-after-numerous.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
9. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte plans to appeal to the Congress of the Philippines to extend Proclamation No. 216 (martial law on the whole of Mindanao, which will end on 22 July 10 PM PST) until the end of 2017, due to constitutional constraints as well as the ongoing Marawi crisis. ](/news/2017/07/17/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-plans-to-appeal-to-the-congress-of-the-philippines-to-extend-proclamation-no-216-martial-law.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
10. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte threatens the ''Philippine Daily Inquirer'' with an expose. The newspaper has been a long-time ally of the politically prominent Aquino family (ever since the 1986 EDSA People Power Revolution), as well as the minority opposition Liberal Party (of which the Vice President of the Philippines Leni Robredo is its prominent member); both have been consistent in their criticisms of the Duterty presidency and its policies since its inauguration in 2016. ](/news/2017/07/1/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-threatens-the-philippine-daily-inquirer-with-an-exposa-c-the-newspaper-has-been-a-long-time.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
