### [2005-06-4](/news/2005/06/4/index.md)

#  A French court finds the newspaper Le Monde guilty of defamation against the Jews and Israel, in an article published in 2002 which used "Jews" and "Israel" interchangeably. 




### Source:

1. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/584229.html)

### Related:

1. [A summit begins in Paris, France, to restart peace negotiations between Israel and Palestine in an effort to discuss a possible two-state solution to the conflict. However, neither Israel nor Palestine sent representatives to the summit, casting doubts on a breakthrough. ](/news/2017/01/15/a-summit-begins-in-paris-france-to-restart-peace-negotiations-between-israel-and-palestine-in-an-effort-to-discuss-a-possible-two-state-so.md) _Context: France, Israel_
2. [UNESCO's executive board approves the "Occupied Palestine" resolution which reaffirms the cultural heritage of Palestine, especially East Jerusalem, and criticizes certain Israeli actions regarding the Palestinian territories. For the land in Jerusalem where the Al-Aqsa Mosque stands, the board uses only Islamic naming terms without also mentioning Jewish or Christian historical references. ](/news/2016/10/18/unesco-s-executive-board-approves-the-occupied-palestine-resolution-which-reaffirms-the-cultural-heritage-of-palestine-especially-east-je.md) _Context: Israel, Jewish_
3. [Israel and Jordan agree to take steps to quell violence at the Al-Aqsa Mosque in Jerusalem which includes round-the-clock monitoring of new security cameras there. Israel reaffirms Jordan's historic role as formal custodian of what is known to Jews as the Temple Mount and as Haram al-Sharif to Muslims. Yesterday, Israeli authorities lifted restrictions that had banned men aged under 40 from praying at al-Aqsa. ](/news/2015/10/24/israel-and-jordan-agree-to-take-steps-to-quell-violence-at-the-al-aqsa-mosque-in-jerusalem-which-includes-round-the-clock-monitoring-of-new.md) _Context: Israel, Jewish_
4. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's speech yesterday that the Grand Mufti of Jerusalem persuaded the Nazis to adopt their Final Solution to exterminate 6 million Jews is reproached by Holocaust experts and survivors, historians, world leaders, etc. Palestine Liberation Organization's Saeb Erakat and Israel's Zionist Union party's Isaac Herzog both blasted Netanyahu's claim. German Chancellor Angela Merkel said, "All Germans know the history of the murderous race mania of the Nazis that led to ... the Holocaust."  Mehnaz Afridi, a Manhattan College professor who promotes Muslim-Jewish dialogue said, "this ... really is a terrible statement to make at this time." ](/news/2015/10/21/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-s-speech-yesterday-that-the-grand-mufti-of-jerusalem-persuaded-the-nazis-to-adopt-their-final-solu.md) _Context: Israel, Jewish_
5. [Right-wing Israeli politicians push for a controversial change to the wording of the oath required to become an Israeli citizen, amending the wording so that potential citizens must promise to respect Israel as a "Jewish and democratic state". ](/news/2010/10/7/right-wing-israeli-politicians-push-for-a-controversial-change-to-the-wording-of-the-oath-required-to-become-an-israeli-citizen-amending-th.md) _Context: Israel, Jewish_
6. [The Israeli cabinet approves a bill requiring all non-Jews taking Israeli citizenship to swear loyalty to Israel as a "Jewish and democratic state". ](/news/2010/10/10/the-israeli-cabinet-approves-a-bill-requiring-all-non-jews-taking-israeli-citizenship-to-swear-loyalty-to-israel-as-a-jewish-and-democratic.md) _Context: Israel, Jewish_
7. [Israel asks Germany to arrest Klaas Carel Faber, a Nazi war criminal who killed 20 Jews at Westerbork concentration camp. ](/news/2010/08/26/israel-asks-germany-to-arrest-klaas-carel-faber-a-nazi-war-criminal-who-killed-20-jews-at-westerbork-concentration-camp.md) _Context: Israel, Jewish_
8. [A Bolivian-flagged all-female international aid ship bound for Gaza is delayed as Cyprus bans it from passing, with Israel's Ehud Barak calling on France and the United States to prevent it from sailing because, he says, it is "a needless provocation". ](/news/2010/08/22/a-bolivian-flagged-all-female-international-aid-ship-bound-for-gaza-is-delayed-as-cyprus-bans-it-from-passing-with-israel-s-ehud-barak-call.md) _Context: France, Israel_
9. [Veteran American journalist Helen Thomas announces she is retiring, after apologizing for making remarks saying Jews should leave Israel and return to Europe  are widely condemned in the United States. ](/news/2010/06/7/veteran-american-journalist-helen-thomas-announces-she-is-retiring-after-apologizing-for-making-remarks-saying-jews-should-leave-israel-and.md) _Context: Israel, Jewish_
10. [Dubai police name five new suspects in connection with the assassination of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in January, involving passports from Australia, Britain and France. An Israeli citizen, Zev Barkan, wanted by New Zealand since 2004 for passport fraud, may have used a New Zealand passport. ](/news/2010/05/7/dubai-police-name-five-new-suspects-in-connection-with-the-assassination-of-mahmoud-al-mabhouh-in-january-involving-passports-from-australi.md) _Context: France, Israel_
