### [2005-06-4](/news/2005/06/4/index.md)

#  Hundreds of people attend the funeral in Beirut of anti-Syrian columnist Samir Kassir, killed by a bomb on Thursday. Opposition leaders Gibran Tueni and Saad al-Hariri, son of slain former Prime Minister Rafik al-Hariri, are in attendance. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://news.yahoo.com/s/nm/20050604/wl_nm/lebanon_funeral_dc;_ylt=AtL6Se3lj_3Mdq9SrpKqHatvaA8F;_ylu=X3oDMTBiMW04NW9mBHNlYwMlJVRPUCUl)

### Related:

1. [ Gebran Tueni, a prominent Lebanese anti-Syrian member of parliament and managing editor of the leading liberal An-Nahar newspaper, has been killed in a car bomb attack in Beirut. He had spent months in Paris because of security concerns, reportedly only returning to Lebanon on Sunday. Another An-Nahar journalist, the anti-Syrian writer Samir Kassir, was killed in a car bomb in June. ](/news/2005/12/12/gebran-tueni-a-prominent-lebanese-anti-syrian-member-of-parliament-and-managing-editor-of-the-leading-liberal-an-nahar-newspaper-has-been.md) _Context: Beirut, Samir Kassir, Syria_
2. [At least 20 people are killed and 200 injured in an explosion in southern Beirut near a complex used by Lebanon's militant group Hezbollah in Lebanon. A previously unknown Syrian Sunni group claims responsibility in an online video. ](/news/2013/08/15/at-least-20-people-are-killed-and-200-injured-in-an-explosion-in-southern-beirut-near-a-complex-used-by-lebanon-s-militant-group-hezbollah-i.md) _Context: Beirut, Syria_
3. [Syrian civil war:. Russian authorities announce a plan to evacuate 100 Russian citizens from Syria by sending in two passenger planes to Beirut. ](/news/2013/01/21/syrian-civil-war-russian-authorities-announce-a-plan-to-evacuate-100-russian-citizens-from-syria-by-sending-in-two-passenger-planes-to-bei.md) _Context: Beirut, Syria_
4. [Two people are killed in ongoing clashes in the Lebanese capital Beirut between supporters and opponents of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. ](/news/2012/05/21/two-people-are-killed-in-ongoing-clashes-in-the-lebanese-capital-beirut-between-supporters-and-opponents-of-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad.md) _Context: Beirut, Syria_
5. [ Bernard Kouchner, the French Foreign Minister, arrives in Lebanon to reduce tensions between the Prime Minister of Lebanon Fouad Siniora and the pro-Syrian opposition. ](/news/2007/07/28/bernard-kouchner-the-french-foreign-minister-arrives-in-lebanon-to-reduce-tensions-between-the-prime-minister-of-lebanon-fouad-siniora-an.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Syria_
6. [ President Bashar al-Assad states that Syria will not cooperate with a United Nations tribunal to try suspects in the suspected assassination of former Prime Minister of Lebanon Rafiq al-Hariri. ](/news/2007/05/10/president-bashar-al-assad-states-that-syria-will-not-cooperate-with-a-united-nations-tribunal-to-try-suspects-in-the-suspected-assassinatio.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Syria_
7. [ Arab-Israeli conflict:. Israeli jets bomb the PFLP-GC base in Naameh, Lebanon, a few miles outside Beirut, wounding two people, in retaliation for a rocket attack that hit Qiryat Shemona. Israeli warplanes then fly over southern Lebanon and the western Bekaa Valley in reconnaissance flights, drawing anti-aircraft fire from the Lebanese army. The PFLP-GC denies responsibility for the rockets that hit Kiryat Shmona. Major General Udi Adam has not ruled out targeting installations in Syria. ](/news/2005/12/28/arab-israeli-conflict-israeli-jets-bomb-the-pflp-gc-base-in-naameh-lebanon-a-few-miles-outside-beirut-wounding-two-people-in-retali.md) _Context: Beirut, Syria_
8. [ The United Nations Security Council passed a UNSC resolution (S/RES/1636 (2005)) which requests urgently and forcefully Syria's full cooperation with the investigation into the assassination of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri. ](/news/2005/11/1/the-united-nations-security-council-passed-a-unsc-resolution-s-res-1636-2005-which-requests-urgently-and-forcefully-syria-s-full-cooper.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Syria_
9. [ Cedar Revolution: The Anti-Syrian bloc of Saad al-Hariri captured control of the Lebanese Legislature in the Lebanese general election of 2005, winning 72 of the 128 available seats. ](/news/2005/06/20/cedar-revolution-the-anti-syrian-bloc-of-saad-al-hariri-captured-control-of-the-lebanese-legislature-in-the-lebanese-general-election-of-2.md) _Context: Saad al-Hariri, Syria_
10. [ In Lebanon, almost one million people have flooded a Beirut square, in front of the United Nations building, in a rally showing their support for Syria, dwarfing previous anti-Syria demonstrations. ](/news/2005/03/8/in-lebanon-almost-one-million-people-have-flooded-a-beirut-square-in-front-of-the-united-nations-building-in-a-rally-showing-their-suppo.md) _Context: Beirut, Syria_
