### [2012-01-12](/news/2012/01/12/index.md)

# The Supreme Court of Israel upholds a law banning Palestinians who marry Israelis from gaining Israeli citizenship. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-16526469)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israel is to ban using Palestinians as human shields following a Supreme Court of Israel ruling. ](/news/2005/10/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-is-to-ban-using-palestinians-as-human-shields-following-a-supreme-court-of-israel-ruling.md) _Context: Israel's Supreme Court, Palestinians_
2. [Ain al-Hilweh conflict: Renewed clashes between Islamist extremists and the Fatah-supported Joint Palestinian Security Force at the Ain al-Hilweh Palestinian refugees camp, near Sidon, Lebanon, wound three more Palestinians. ](/news/2017/08/22/ain-al-hilweh-conflict-renewed-clashes-between-islamist-extremists-and-the-fatah-supported-joint-palestinian-security-force-at-the-ain-al-h.md) _Context: Palestinians_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.: Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey: Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.: 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.: United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.: Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.: Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.: Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-: ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Palestinians_
4. [June 2017 Jerusalem attack: In two simultaneous attacks near the Damascus Gate in Jerusalem, an Israeli policewoman is fatally stabbed; the three Palestinian assailants are shot dead. ISIL claims were questioned by Israeli authorities. As well, the PFLP and Hamas claim it was their members who did it. ](/news/2017/06/16/june-2017-jerusalem-attack-in-two-simultaneous-attacks-near-the-damascus-gate-in-jerusalem-an-israeli-policewoman-is-fatally-stabbed-the.md) _Context: Palestinians_
5. [Palestinian prisoners of Israel: Hundreds of Palestinian prisoners in Israeli jails - activists say up to 1,500 are participating - begin an open-ended hunger strike to protest poor conditions and the Israeli policy of detention without trial. ](/news/2017/04/17/palestinian-prisoners-of-israel-hundreds-of-palestinian-prisoners-in-israeli-jails-activists-say-up-to-1-500-are-participating-begi.md) _Context: Palestinians_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Hebron shooting incident: Following last month's manslaughter conviction, Israeli soldier Elor Azaria is sentenced to 18 months in prison by a military court for, during a violent incident, his deadly shooting of the wounded, unarmed, prone Palestinian Abdel Fattah al-Sharif, who had stabbed a soldier last March in Hebron. ](/news/2017/02/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hebron-shooting-incident-following-last-month-s-manslaughter-conviction-israeli-soldier-elor-azaria-is-sen.md) _Context: Palestinians_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015-present): A Palestinian gunman opens fire from a vehicle on people waiting at a train station and then the nearby police headquarters in Jerusalem, killing at least two people, including a police officer, and injuring six others. Israeli police kill the gunman. ](/news/2016/10/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-present-a-palestinian-gunman-opens-fire-from-a-vehicle-on-people-waiting-at-a-train-station-and-the.md) _Context: Palestinians_
8. [Israel-Palestine relations: The report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council - the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union - calls on Israel to end settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, -The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/israel-palestine-relations-the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states.md) _Context: Palestinians_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A 17-year-old Palestinian stabs and kills a sleeping 13-year-old Israeli and American citizen girl Hallel Yaffa Ariel in her bedroom. The assailant is fatally shot by security guards. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu blamed "incitement-driven terrorists" while the U.S. State Department condemned the "outrageous terrorist attack." ](/news/2016/06/30/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-17-year-old-palestinian-stabs-and-kills-a-sleeping-13-year-old-israeli-and-american-citizen-girl-hallel-ya.md) _Context: Palestinians_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A 15-year-old Palestinian teen is shot and killed by Israel Defense Forces while traveling in his family's car through an area where stones had been thrown that injured two tourists and an Israeli. The IDF says an official investigation has been opened. Preliminary results indicate Mahmoud Rafat Baderan, the teen who was shot, was not involved in any stone throwing on the highway. ](/news/2016/06/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-15-year-old-palestinian-teen-is-shot-and-killed-by-israel-defense-forces-while-traveling-in-his-family-s-c.md) _Context: Palestinians_
