### [2003-08-26](/news/2003/08/26/index.md)

#  Technology: California Supreme Court rules that publishers could be barred from posting DVD descrambling code (DeCSS) online without infringing on free speech rights.




### Related:

1. [ An appeals court in Norway ruled that Jon Johansen, the teenager who developed the DeCSS software that allows DVDs to be copied, will have to be retried on charges that he violated copyright and anti-hacking laws.](/news/2003/03/5/an-appeals-court-in-norway-ruled-that-jon-johansen-the-teenager-who-developed-the-decss-software-that-allows-dvds-to-be-copied-will-have.md) _Context: DVD, DeCSS_
2. [A 1-year-old from London with acute lymphoblastic leukemia who had undergone myriads of unsuccessful treatments since she was 14 weeks old is in remission thanks to gene-editing technology, used for just the second time, that allowed her to receive modified immune cells from another person. ](/news/2015/11/8/a-1-year-old-from-london-with-acute-lymphoblastic-leukemia-who-had-undergone-myriads-of-unsuccessful-treatments-since-she-was-14-weeks-old-i.md) _Context: technology_
3. [A man in Lithonia, Georgia, USA, dies after Walmart employees tackle him to the ground for suspected shoplifting of two DVDs on Black Friday. ](/news/2012/11/25/a-man-in-lithonia-georgia-usa-dies-after-walmart-employees-tackle-him-to-the-ground-for-suspected-shoplifting-of-two-dvds-on-black-friday.md) _Context: DVD_
4. [The United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit rules against a First Amendment free speech challenge to a regulation by the Food and Drug Administration requiring that tobacco companies put graphic images on their cigarette packaging. The imagery is designed to discourage smoking. ](/news/2012/03/19/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-sixth-circuit-rules-against-a-first-amendment-free-speech-challenge-to-a-regulation-by-the-food-a.md) _Context: free speech_
5. [ Microsoft admits that the Windows 7 USB/DVD download tool contains code that is covered by the GNU General Public License and offers to make it available under the terms of that license. ](/news/2009/11/13/microsoft-admits-that-the-windows-7-usb-dvd-download-tool-contains-code-that-is-covered-by-the-gnu-general-public-license-and-offers-to-mak.md) _Context: DVD_
6. [ Woolworths Group PLC agrees to put its chain of 815 stores in the United Kingdom and DVD distribution businesses into administration with 30,000 jobs at risk. ](/news/2008/11/26/woolworths-group-plc-agrees-to-put-its-chain-of-815-stores-in-the-united-kingdom-and-dvd-distribution-businesses-into-administration-with-3.md) _Context: DVD_
7. [ The California Supreme Court rules that a ban on same-sex marriage is unconstitutional under the California state constitution. ](/news/2008/05/15/the-california-supreme-court-rules-that-a-ban-on-same-sex-marriage-is-unconstitutional-under-the-california-state-constitution.md) _Context: California Supreme Court_
8. [ The Supreme Court of the United States hears "Morse v. Frederick", in which an Alaskan high school student argues free speech rights in connection with his displaying a banner reading "Bong Hits 4 Jesus" in front of a Juneau high school. ](/news/2007/03/19/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-hears-morse-v-frederick-in-which-an-alaskan-high-school-student-argues-free-speech-rights-in-con.md) _Context: free speech_
9. [ An Iranian newspaper, "Hamshahri", has announced a competition for the best cartoon of the Holocaust "as a test of the boundaries of free speech". ](/news/2006/02/7/an-iranian-newspaper-hamshahri-has-announced-a-competition-for-the-best-cartoon-of-the-holocaust-as-a-test-of-the-boundaries-of-free-s.md) _Context: free speech_
10. [ "Star Wars Episode III: Revenge of the Sith", at the time purported to be the final "Star Wars" film, is released in the United States. Just hours after its release, the workprint DVD of the film was "leaked" to file sharing networks. ](/news/2005/05/19/star-wars-episode-iii-revenge-of-the-sith-at-the-time-purported-to-be-the-final-star-wars-film-is-released-in-the-united-states-jus.md) _Context: DVD_
