### [2003-08-26](/news/2003/08/26/index.md)

#  War on Terrorism: President Bush, speaking to American Legion veterans convention, defends the Iraq policy, declaring the United States had hit terrorism in overthrowing the government of Saddam Hussein. President Bush vows ""no retreat"" from Iraq. President Bush also states that the United States may carry out other pre-emptive strikes.




### Related:

1. [ Saddam Hussein aims to sue Tony Blair and George W. Bush for crimes against Iraq. ](/news/2006/02/4/saddam-hussein-aims-to-sue-tony-blair-and-george-w-bush-for-crimes-against-iraq.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
2. [ Appearing before the US Senate Armed Services Committee, Charles Duelfer, head of the Iraq Survey Group announces that the group found no evidence that Iraq under Saddam Hussein had produced any weapons of mass destruction since 1991, when UN sanctions were imposed. This directly contradicts the main argument used by the George W. Bush administration for invading Iraq in 2003. ](/news/2004/10/6/appearing-before-the-us-senate-armed-services-committee-charles-duelfer-head-of-the-iraq-survey-group-announces-that-the-group-found-no-e.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
3. [ War on Terrorism: US military commander for the Middle East reportedly creates a covert commando force (named Task Force 121) to hunt Saddam Hussein and Osama bin Laden (and other key terrorists throughout the region). Military officers state a broader, regional mission is given to the force, which has become one of the Pentagon's most highly classified and closely watched operations. The Special Operations organization to act with greater speed on intelligence tips about ""high-value targets"" and not be contained within the borders where American conventional forces are operating in Iraq and Afghanistan. General John Abizaid, who commands all American forces in the strategic crescent from the Red Sea to the Indian Ocean, had previously decided to disband two Special Operations missions (Task Force 5 in Afghanistan and Task Force 20 in Iraq).](/news/2003/11/7/war-on-terrorism-us-military-commander-for-the-middle-east-reportedly-creates-a-covert-commando-force-named-task-force-121-to-hunt-sadda.md) _Context: Iraq, Saddam Hussein, War on Terrorism_
4. [ "Occupation of Iraq": Declaring Iraq to be the "central front" in the war against terrorism, President Bush asks Congress for $87 billion to help pay for the reconstruction of Iraq as well as Afghanistan.](/news/2003/09/8/occupation-of-iraq-declaring-iraq-to-be-the-central-front-in-the-war-against-terrorism-president-bush-asks-congress-for-87-billion-t.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, terrorism_
5. [ War on Terrorism - Canal Hotel: US officials comment terror group linked to al Qaeda, Ansar al-Islam, is emerging as a top suspect in the U.N. headquarters bombing in Baghdad. "It's part of a global war against terrorism that was officially declared on us on September 11. It's quite clear we do have terrorists inside Iraq now."](/news/2003/08/20/war-on-terrorism-a-canal-hotel-us-officials-comment-terror-group-linked-to-al-qaeda-ansar-al-islam-is-emerging-as-a-top-suspect-in-the.md) _Context: Iraq, War on Terrorism, terrorism_
6. [ War on Terrorism: Arab television airs an audio tape allegedly from al Qaeda official Abdel Rahman al-Najdi saying Osama bin Laden and Taliban chief Mullah Omar are alive. The tape advocates Muslims to commit terroristic acts and fight the Coalition forces in Iraq.](/news/2003/08/18/war-on-terrorism-arab-television-airs-an-audio-tape-allegedly-from-al-qaeda-official-abdel-rahman-al-najdi-saying-osama-bin-laden-and-tali.md) _Context: Iraq, War on Terrorism, terrorism_
7. [ War on Terrorism: "The Sunday Times" reports that Al-Qaeda terrorists have infiltrated Iraq from surrounding Arab countries and have aligned themselves with former intelligence agents of Saddam Hussein to fight the Coalition forces. Their attacks have killed Coalition soldiers and Iraqi police officers, among others.](/news/2003/08/10/war-on-terrorism-the-sunday-times-reports-that-al-qaeda-terrorists-have-infiltrated-iraq-from-surrounding-arab-countries-and-have-aligne.md) _Context: Saddam Hussein, War on Terrorism, terrorism_
8. [ The intelligence service of the United States says that the CIA's head, George Tenet, accepted President George W. Bush's speech in January, which included wrong information of Iraq's plans to buy uranium from Africa. The office of Prime Minister Tony Blair responded that it stands by its belief that Saddam Hussein attempted to buy African uranium, claiming that it cannot share its information with the United States because it comes from "foreign intelligence sources."](/news/2003/07/12/the-intelligence-service-of-the-united-states-says-that-the-cia-s-head-george-tenet-accepted-president-george-w-bush-s-speech-in-january.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
9. [ US invasion of Iraq: President George W. Bush announces in a televised speech that Iraqi President Saddam Hussein and his sons have 48 hours to leave Iraq, or the United States will initiate preemptive military action against Iraq.](/news/2003/03/17/us-invasion-of-iraq-president-george-w-bush-announces-in-a-televised-speech-that-iraqi-president-saddam-hussein-and-his-sons-have-48-hour.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
10. [ Iraq crisis of 2003: Iraq begins the process of destroying Al Samoud two missiles on March 1. Hans Blix, U.N. chief weapons inspector said "It is a very significant piece of real disarmament". However, the spokesman of the White House, Ari Fleischer declared that the Iraq commitment to destroy these missiles is a fraud that President George W. Bush had predicted, and indicated that the United States wanted a total and complete disarmament of Iraq. He also repeated that if the United Nations did not act to disarm Baghdad, the United States would lead a coalition of voluntary countries to disarm Saddam Hussein.](/news/2003/02/28/iraq-crisis-of-2003-iraq-begins-the-process-of-destroying-al-samoud-two-missiles-on-march-1-hans-blix-u-n-chief-weapons-inspector-said.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
