### [2013-11-13](/news/2013/11/13/index.md)

# A 14.82-carat orange diamond sets a world record after it is sold at a Christie's auction in Geneva for $35.5 million. 




### Source:

1. [Forbes](http://www.forbes.com/sites/anthonydemarco/2013/11/12/14-82-carat-orange-diamond-sells-for-a-world-record-35-5-million/)

### Related:

1. [United Nations officials announce the creation of a new team in Geneva to investigate possible war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide during the Syrian Civil War in order to prepare for future prosecutions of those responsible. ](/news/2017/02/16/united-nations-officials-announce-the-creation-of-a-new-team-in-geneva-to-investigate-possible-war-crimes-crimes-against-humanity-and-genoc.md) _Context: Geneva_
2. [Cyprus dispute. Greek and Turkish local leaders of Cyprus resume talks to end the division of the island before a high level multilateral conference takes place in Geneva this week in the latest effort to reunify the island. ](/news/2017/01/9/cyprus-dispute-greek-and-turkish-local-leaders-of-cyprus-resume-talks-to-end-the-division-of-the-island-before-a-high-level-multilateral-co.md) _Context: Geneva_
3. [The Lesedi La Rona diamond, the largest uncut diamond in the world, went on sale at an auction in Mayfair with it expected to sell at GBP52 million, or US$70 million. However, the diamond only managed to draw a high bid of US$61 million, falling short of the reserve price to sell it. ](/news/2016/06/29/the-lesedi-la-rona-diamond-the-largest-uncut-diamond-in-the-world-went-on-sale-at-an-auction-in-mayfair-with-it-expected-to-sell-at-agbp52.md) _Context: diamond_
4. [Syrian Civil War. Syrian government airstrikes, and rockets from Islamist insurgents, hit many neighborhoods in Aleppo. Fatalities are reported on both sides of the city. This continued fighting threatens the truce and peace talks being held in Geneva, Switzerland. UN envoy Staffan de Mistura says he will meet the government delegation Monday, and will sit down with the main opposition High Negotiations Committee later in the week. ](/news/2016/04/16/syrian-civil-war-syrian-government-airstrikes-and-rockets-from-islamist-insurgents-hit-many-neighborhoods-in-aleppo-fatalities-are-repor.md) _Context: Geneva_
5. [Syrian Civil War. Syrian peace process. The delegation of the government of Syria rules out starting any direct talks with the opposition delegation as U.N. sponsored peace talks enter a third day in Geneva. ](/news/2016/03/16/syrian-civil-war-syrian-peace-process-the-delegation-of-the-government-of-syria-rules-out-starting-any-direct-talks-with-the-opposition-de.md) _Context: Geneva_
6. [Syrian peace process. The High Negotiations Committee, Syria's main opposition group, will attend Monday's U.N.-brokered peace talks in Geneva, Switzerland, a day shy of the fifth anniversary of the start of the conflict, and two-plus weeks into the ceasefire agreement. Although fighting continues, a significant drop in violence has been seen during the truce. The first round of Geneva talks collapsed on Feb. 3 during a government offensive against rebels in Aleppo. ](/news/2016/03/11/syrian-peace-process-the-high-negotiations-committee-syria-s-main-opposition-group-will-attend-monday-s-u-n-brokered-peace-talks-in-gene.md) _Context: Geneva_
7. [Syrian Civil War. Saudi Arabian Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir says the country's recent tensions with Iran will not interfere with Syrian peace talks scheduled to begin in Geneva, Switzerland, later this month. ](/news/2016/01/5/syrian-civil-war-saudi-arabian-foreign-minister-adel-al-jubeir-says-the-country-s-recent-tensions-with-iran-will-not-interfere-with-syrian.md) _Context: Geneva_
8. [Swiss police in Geneva, following yesterday's CIA tip, arrest two Syrian nationals. Apparently, traces of explosives were found in their car. President Simonetta Sommaruga says, "There is currently no indication that there was a concrete attack planned." ](/news/2015/12/11/swiss-police-in-geneva-following-yesterday-s-cia-tip-arrest-two-syrian-nationals-apparently-traces-of-explosives-were-found-in-their-car.md) _Context: Geneva_
9. [Amedeo Modigliani's 1917 painting "Nu couche" sells at an auction at Christie's for $170.4 million, the second highest price for a painting on record. ](/news/2015/11/9/amedeo-modigliani-s-1917-painting-nu-coucha-c-sells-at-an-auction-at-christie-s-for-170-4-million-the-second-highest-price-for-a-painting.md) _Context: Christie's_
10. [Researchers at North Carolina State University discover a new diamond-like, solid phase of carbon, called Q-carbon, that can be attained at room temperature. The result is a uniquely crystalline material, harder than a real diamond and likely boasting a variety of new properties, most unknown or unstudied. ](/news/2015/11/30/researchers-at-north-carolina-state-university-discover-a-new-diamond-like-solid-phase-of-carbon-called-q-carbon-that-can-be-attained-at.md) _Context: diamond_
