### [2013-11-13](/news/2013/11/13/index.md)

# A gigantic iceberg is floating in the Southern Ocean after breaking off the Pine Island Glacier in Antarctica. 




### Source:

1. [The Australian](http://www.theaustralian.com.au/news/huge-iceberg-adrift-in-southern-ocean-after-calving-from-pine-island-glacier/story-e6frg6n6-1226759149710)

### Related:

1. [At an annual meeting of the Convention for the Conservation of Antarctic Marine Living Resources in Hobart, Australia, twenty-four countries and the European Union agree to create the world's largest marine park in Antarctica's Ross Sea. The marine park will cover more than 12 percent of the Southern Ocean, and will be protected from commercial fishing for 35 years. ](/news/2016/10/28/at-an-annual-meeting-of-the-convention-for-the-conservation-of-antarctic-marine-living-resources-in-hobart-australia-twenty-four-countries.md) _Context: Antarctica, Southern Ocean_
2. [The Sea Shepherd anti-whaling organisation claims to have closed down Japan's main whaling ship, the "Nisshin Maru", deep inside the Southern Ocean off the Antarctic coast. ](/news/2012/03/5/the-sea-shepherd-anti-whaling-organisation-claims-to-have-closed-down-japan-s-main-whaling-ship-the-nisshin-maru-deep-inside-the-souther.md) _Context: Antarctica, Southern Ocean_
3. [Larsen Ice Shelf. A giant iceberg covering approximately 6000|km2|sqmi breaks away from the Larsen C Ice Shelf in Antarctica. ](/news/2017/07/12/larsen-ice-shelf-a-giant-iceberg-covering-approximately-6000-km2-sqmi-breaks-away-from-the-larsen-c-ice-shelf-in-antarctica.md) _Context: Antarctica_
4. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 370. An article in "New York" magazine speculates that the pilot may have deliberately crashed the plane into the Southern Ocean. ](/news/2016/07/23/malaysia-airlines-flight-370-an-article-in-new-york-magazine-speculates-that-the-pilot-may-have-deliberately-crashed-the-plane-into-the-s.md) _Context: Southern Ocean_
5. [Australian icebreaker, "Aurora Australis", runs aground in Antarctica with 68 people on board. There are no reports of injuries. The Australian Antarctic Division (AAD) said blizzard conditions are hampering attempts to assess damage. ](/news/2016/02/24/australian-icebreaker-aurora-australis-runs-aground-in-antarctica-with-68-people-on-board-there-are-no-reports-of-injuries-the-austral.md) _Context: Antarctica_
6. [British explorer Henry Worsley dies at the age of 55 while attempting to be the first person to cross Antarctica unaided. ](/news/2016/01/25/british-explorer-henry-worsley-dies-at-the-age-of-55-while-attempting-to-be-the-first-person-to-cross-antarctica-unaided.md) _Context: Antarctica_
7. [Whaling in Japan. Australia is threatening to take legal action against Japan over its resumption of its controversial whale hunt in the Antarctic Ocean. A whaling fleet set sail last week, ignoring international condemnation, and last year's ruling by the International Court of Justice (ICJ) prohibiting these hunts. ](/news/2015/12/7/whaling-in-japan-australia-is-threatening-to-take-legal-action-against-japan-over-its-resumption-of-its-controversial-whale-hunt-in-the-ant.md) _Context: Southern Ocean_
8. [Whaling in Japan. Japan advises the International Whaling Commission that it plans to resume hunting minke whales for scientific research in the Antarctic Ocean by the end of March 2016. The United Nations' International Court of Justice (ICJ) ruled in March 2014 that Japan's decades-old whale hunt in the Antarctic should stop, prompting Tokyo to cancel the bulk of its whaling for the 2014/2015 season. ICJ decisions were binding and cannot be appealed. ](/news/2015/11/28/whaling-in-japan-japan-advises-the-international-whaling-commission-that-it-plans-to-resume-hunting-minke-whales-for-scientific-research-in.md) _Context: Southern Ocean_
9. [According to a new NASA (U.S.) study, ice sheet gains outweigh losses on the continent of Antarctica. An increase in snow accumulation that began 10,000 years ago outweighs increased losses from the continent's thinning glaciers. In 2013, Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change findings suggested gains were not keeping up with losses. NASA glaciologist Jay Zwally said, "We-re essentially in agreement with other studies ... (except) ice gain in East Antarctica and the interior of West Antarctica exceeds losses in the other areas." ](/news/2015/10/31/according-to-a-new-nasa-u-s-study-ice-sheet-gains-outweigh-losses-on-the-continent-of-antarctica-an-increase-in-snow-accumulation-that.md) _Context: Antarctica_
10. [The Chinese icebreaker "Xue Long", or "Snow Dragon", was only six nautical miles away from the Russian-flagged vessel "Akademik Shokalskiy" when it too became obstructed by heavy ice in Antarctica. ](/news/2013/12/28/the-chinese-icebreaker-xua-la3ng-or-snow-dragon-was-only-six-nautical-miles-away-from-the-russian-flagged-vessel-akademik-shokalskiy.md) _Context: Antarctica_
