### [2013-11-13](/news/2013/11/13/index.md)

# China, Russia, Cuba, Saudi Arabia, Vietnam, and Algeria are elected to the United Nations Human Rights Council. 




### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/asia_pacific/china-russia-saudi-arabia-vietnam-in-line-for-seats-on-un-human-rights-council/2013/11/11/9ac5de1e-4b31-11e3-bf60-c1ca136ae14a_story.html)

### Related:

1. [Vienna Conference on Syria: Syrian Civil War: Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/vienna-conference-on-syria-syrian-civil-war-iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-represen.md) _Context: Russia, Saudi Arabia, United Nations_
2. [Syrian uprising: The United Nations Human Rights Council votes to condemn the massacre carried out by Syrian forces in the town of Houla on May 25, despite Russia, China and Cuba voting against the resolution. ](/news/2012/06/1/syrian-uprising-the-united-nations-human-rights-council-votes-to-condemn-the-massacre-carried-out-by-syrian-forces-in-the-town-of-houla-on.md) _Context: China, Cuba, Russia_
3. [Syrian Civil War: Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/syrian-civil-war-russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-u.md) _Context: China, Russia_
4. [Syrian Civil War: Russian military intervention in Syria: Russia begins to withdraw its forces from Syria, with its aircraft carrier battle group being the first to leave. The United Nations says the ceasefire is "largely holding". ](/news/2017/01/6/syrian-civil-war-russian-military-intervention-in-syria-russia-begins-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-syria-with-its-aircraft-carrier-battle.md) _Context: Russia, United Nations_
5. [Syrian Civil War: Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/syrian-civil-war-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ce.md) _Context: Russia, United Nations_
6. [Syrian civil war: Syrian peace process: Russia vetoes a French-drafted United Nations Security Council resolution that calls for a ceasefire in Aleppo. China, which had backed Russia's four previous Syria-related vetoes, abstains. ](/news/2016/10/8/syrian-civil-war-syrian-peace-process-russia-vetoes-a-french-drafted-united-nations-security-council-resolution-that-calls-for-a-ceasefire.md) _Context: China, Russia_
7. [Philippines-United States relations: Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte tells U.S. President Barack Obama to "go to hell" after the United States refuses to sell some weapons to his country, while also acknowledging the cooperation of Russia and China. ](/news/2016/10/4/philippines-united-states-relations-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-tells-u-s-president-barack-obama-to-go-to-hell-after-the-unit.md) _Context: China, Russia_
8. [For the first time in 25 years, the United States abstains in a United Nations vote calling for an end to its Cuban economic embargo. ](/news/2016/10/26/for-the-first-time-in-25-years-the-united-states-abstains-in-a-united-nations-vote-calling-for-an-end-to-its-cuban-economic-embargo.md) _Context: Cuba, United Nations_
9. [Russia-Saudi Arabia relations: Russia and Saudi Arabia agree on a plan to manipulate oil output. ](/news/2016/09/5/russia-saudi-arabia-relations-russia-and-saudi-arabia-agree-on-a-plan-to-manipulate-oil-output.md) _Context: Russia, Saudi Arabia_
10. [Israel-Palestine relations: The report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council - the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union - calls on Israel to end settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, -The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/israel-palestine-relations-the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states.md) _Context: Russia, United Nations_
