### [2013-11-13](/news/2013/11/13/index.md)

# Four members of the United States Marine Corps are killed after ordnance accidentally explodes after a training exercise at Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton in Southern California. 




### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://usnews.nbcnews.com/_news/2013/11/13/21442629-four-marines-killed-in-accident-at-california-base?lite)

### Related:

1. [2017 V-22 Osprey crash: Searches are underway for three members of the United States Marine Corps missing after a MV-22 Osprey crashed off the coast of the Australian state of Queensland. Twenty three of the twenty six people on board have been rescued. ](/news/2017/08/5/2017-v-22-osprey-crash-searches-are-underway-for-three-members-of-the-united-states-marine-corps-missing-after-a-mv-22-osprey-crashed-off-t.md) _Context: Marines_
2. [US Navy losses in World War II: The wreckage of the Indianapolis|CA-35|6 heavy cruiser, torpedoed by the Imperial Japanese Navy submarine I-58 and sunk in 1945 after delivering parts for the Little Boy atomic weapon, is discovered on the floor of the North Pacific Ocean. Only 317 of the U.S. Sailors/Marines who survived the sinking were finally rescued after 4-5 days in shark-infested waters. ](/news/2017/08/19/us-navy-losses-in-world-war-ii-the-wreckage-of-the-indianapolis-ca-35-6-heavy-cruiser-torpedoed-by-the-imperial-japanese-navy-submarine-i.md) _Context: Marines_
3. [Military of the United States: Because of a recent pair of deadly crashes, the U.S. Marine Corps will ground its flight operations for 24 hours for an operational reset. The suspensions will be spread out over the next two weeks. ](/news/2017/08/11/military-of-the-united-states-because-of-a-recent-pair-of-deadly-crashes-the-u-s-marine-corps-will-ground-its-flight-operations-for-24-ho.md) _Context: Marines_
4. [2017 United States Marine Corps KC-130 crash: A United States Marine Corps Lockheed C-130 Hercules military transport aircraft carrying sixteen people has crashed near the American town of Greenwood, Mississippi. All sixteen bodies have been recovered. ](/news/2017/07/10/2017-united-states-marine-corps-kc-130-crash-a-united-states-marine-corps-lockheed-c-130-hercules-military-transport-aircraft-carrying-sixt.md) _Context: Marines_
5. [Syrian Civil War: American-led intervention in Syria: The United States Marine Corps' 11th Marine Expeditionary Unit arrives in Syria ahead of a Syrian Democratic Forces operation to take control of ISIL's de facto capital of Raqqa. ](/news/2017/03/8/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-the-united-states-marine-corps-11th-marine-expeditionary-unit-arrives-in-syria-ahead.md) _Context: Marines_
6. [Severe storms, from the weather system that hit Southern California Friday, reach southwest Texas injuring several people and damaging at least 100 homes with one confirmed tornado in San Antonio. Heavy rains continue today with flash floods likely as the storm moves to eastern Texas and southern Louisiana. ](/news/2017/02/20/severe-storms-from-the-weather-system-that-hit-southern-california-friday-reach-southwest-texas-injuring-several-people-and-damaging-at-le.md) _Context: Southern California_
7. [Norway-United States relations: Operation Atlantic Resolve: Three hundred U.S. marines arrive in Norway for a six-month deployment, becoming the first foreign troops in Norway since World War II. The marines will be stationed at Vaernes Air Station in Stjordal. ](/news/2017/01/16/norway-united-states-relations-operation-atlantic-resolve-three-hundred-u-s-marines-arrive-in-norway-for-a-six-month-deployment-becomi.md) _Context: Marines_
8. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump: President-elect Donald Trump names retired United States Marine Corps general James Mattis as United States Secretary of Defense. ](/news/2016/12/1/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-president-elect-donald-trump-names-retired-united-states-marine-corps-general-james-mattis-as-unite.md) _Context: Marines_
9. [Japan-United States relations: Over 50,000 people protest in Okinawa capital Naha against U.S. military presence on the Japanese island, spurred on by last month's arrest of an U.S. Marine veteran, civilian contractor for the rape and killing of a 20-year-old local woman. ](/news/2016/06/19/japan-united-states-relations-over-50-000-people-protest-in-okinawa-capital-naha-against-u-s-military-presence-on-the-japanese-island-s.md) _Context: Marines_
10. [The United States Geological Survey (USGS) reports a magnitude 5.1 earthquake strikes near Borrego Springs, Southern California. The Los Angeles County Fire Department and Riverside County Sheriff's Department say they have received no reports of serious damage. ](/news/2016/06/10/the-united-states-geological-survey-usgs-reports-a-magnitude-5-1-earthquake-strikes-near-borrego-springs-southern-california-the-los-ang.md) _Context: Southern California_
