### [2013-11-13](/news/2013/11/13/index.md)

# Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. Israel cancels proposed plans to build new settlements in the West Bank after US and Palestinian opposition. 

The Israeli prime minister says he has ordered his housing minister to reconsider a plan studying possible construction of thousands of new homes in Jewish settlements.


### Source:

1. [AP via Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2013/11/12/israel-stops-plans-to-explore-new-settlements/)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict:. Israeli troops, who are still in the process of withdrawing from Gaza, shoot dead a Palestinian teenager as he and about 50 others breach a fence around the evacuated Israeli settlement of Gush Katif and climbed atop of IDF tanks. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220914.stm (BBC)] [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/621804.html (Haaretz)]. The Israeli Minister for Education, Limor Livnat, has called on her government to expand Israeli settlements in the West Bank as "dividend" of the pullout of the Gaza Strip. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220300.stm (BBC)], [http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13718&Itemid=1 (IMEMC)]. The Israeli Housing Minister, Isaac Herzog, told Israel Radio that Israel does not intend to construct in E1 the area between the Maale Adumim Israeli settlement and Jerusalem in the coming years, adding that Israeli government statements to the contrary were part of the -internal conflict- at the Likud party. ([http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13724&Itemid=1 IMEMC])](/news/2005/09/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-troops-who-are-still-in-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-gaza-shoot-dead-a-palestinian-teenager-as.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli settlement, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict:. The Ministry of Housing in Israel has issued tenders for the construction of a further 72 houses in an Israeli settlement of Betar Illit, near Bethlehem, on the West Bank. ](/news/2005/08/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-ministry-of-housing-in-israel-has-issued-tenders-for-the-construction-of-a-further-72-houses-in-an-israe.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli settlement, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
3. [Israeli settlement. Israel approves the construction of 2,500 more new settlement homes in the West Bank, the most in years and the second time new homes were approved since Donald Trump was inaugurated as President of the United States. ](/news/2017/01/24/israeli-settlement-israel-approves-the-construction-of-2-500-more-new-settlement-homes-in-the-west-bank-the-most-in-years-and-the-second-t.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli settlement, West Bank_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian Conflict. Palestinian political violence. Palestinians carried out three stabbing attacks against Israeli citizens and police in Jerusalem today with two of the attackers shot dead as the wave of violence continues, police said. There have been a series of stabbing attacks in Israel and the West Bank in recent days that have wounded several Israelis; nine attackers have been shot dead. Also, at least 16 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli forces during/after violent demonstrations in the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2015/10/12/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-political-violence-palestinians-carried-out-three-stabbing-attacks-against-israeli-citizens-and-p.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
5. [More than 150 Israeli academics say they will no longer lecture or work in Jewish settlements in the West Bank. ](/news/2010/09/1/more-than-150-israeli-academics-say-they-will-no-longer-lecture-or-work-in-jewish-settlements-in-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli settlement, West Bank_
6. [ Thousands of Jewish settlers stage a protest at the curbs on settlement building in the West Bank. ](/news/2009/12/9/thousands-of-jewish-settlers-stage-a-protest-at-the-curbs-on-settlement-building-in-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli settlement, West Bank_
7. [ United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton reaffirms President Barack Obama's demand that Israel halt settlement in the West Bank. ](/news/2009/05/28/united-states-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-reaffirms-president-barack-obama-s-demand-that-israel-halt-settlement-in-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli settlement, West Bank_
8. [ Israel evicts Jewish settlers from a hilltop in the West Bank. ](/news/2009/05/21/israel-evicts-jewish-settlers-from-a-hilltop-in-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli settlement, West Bank_
9. [ Israel seizes 425 acres of Palestinian Authority state land in the West Bank for a Jewish settlement. ](/news/2009/02/20/israel-seizes-425-acres-of-palestinian-authority-state-land-in-the-west-bank-for-a-jewish-settlement.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli settlement, West Bank_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Israeli troops have detained another Hamas member of Palestinian Parliament during an overnight raid in the West Bank. ](/news/2006/08/7/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-troops-have-detained-another-hamas-member-of-palestinian-parliament-during-an-overnight-raid-in-the-w.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
