### [2013-11-13](/news/2013/11/13/index.md)

# The United States Government announces that 106,185 people signed up for health insurance through the Health Insurance Marketplace as part of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act during its first month of release on October. 




### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2013/11/14/us/health-law-enrollment-figures-far-lower-than-initial-estimates.html)

### Related:

1. [Panels of the United States Fourth and D.C. ("Halbig v. Burwell") Circuit Courts make contradictory rulings as to whether people who enroll in federal exchanges under the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) can receive subsidies. ](/news/2014/07/22/panels-of-the-united-states-fourth-and-d-c-halbig-v-burwell-circuit-courts-make-contradictory-rulings-as-to-whether-people-who-enroll.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, United States_
2. [The Governor of Alaska Sean Parnell says that he will not implement the United States Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act after a Florida judge ruled it was unconstitutional. ](/news/2011/02/17/the-governor-of-alaska-sean-parnell-says-that-he-will-not-implement-the-united-states-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-after-a-flo.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, United States_
3. [The Government of Norway demands an explanation from the US Government on reports that the US embassy in Oslo conducted illegal surveillance on Norwegian citizens for more than ten years. ](/news/2010/11/5/the-government-of-norway-demands-an-explanation-from-the-us-government-on-reports-that-the-us-embassy-in-oslo-conducted-illegal-surveillance.md) _Context: Government of the United States, United States_
4. [The United States and other western nations including Britain, Sweden, Australia, Belgium, Uruguay and Spain walk out of the United Nations General Assembly following claims by the President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad that the "majority of the American people as well as most nations and politicians around the world" say that the 9/11 attacks were the work of the Government of the United States trying to protect Israel. ](/news/2010/09/23/the-united-states-and-other-western-nations-including-britain-sweden-australia-belgium-uruguay-and-spain-walk-out-of-the-united-nations.md) _Context: Government of the United States, United States_
5. [The U.S. Government charges 14 people as participants in "a deadly pipeline" sending money and fighters from the United States to the Somalian insurgency group Al-Shabaab. ](/news/2010/08/5/the-u-s-government-charges-14-people-as-participants-in-a-deadly-pipeline-sending-money-and-fighters-from-the-united-states-to-the-somali.md) _Context: Government of the United States, United States_
6. [United States President Barack Obama signs the health care reform bill into law. ](/news/2010/03/23/united-states-president-barack-obama-signs-the-health-care-reform-bill-into-law.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, United States_
7. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: United States_
8. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: United States_
9. [The United States stops giving out visas to high ranking officials of Cambodia, Eritrea, Guinea and Sierra Leone for failing to accept deportations. ](/news/2017/09/13/the-united-states-stops-giving-out-visas-to-high-ranking-officials-of-cambodia-eritrea-guinea-and-sierra-leone-for-failing-to-accept-depor.md) _Context: United States_
10. [In an official dinner hosted by the United States President, Donald Trump and leaders of the Democratic party Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi agree to fix DACA but disagree with the details, with Trump denying on Twitter the following day that a deal had been made which excluded funding for his proposed wall on the Mexico-United States border. ](/news/2017/09/13/in-an-official-dinner-hosted-by-the-united-states-president-donald-trump-and-leaders-of-the-democratic-party-chuck-schumer-and-nancy-pelosi.md) _Context: United States_
