### [2004-04-17](/news/2004/04/17/index.md)

#  Socialist Party leader Jos Luis Rodrguez Zapatero is sworn in as Spain's prime minister. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2004/WORLD/europe/04/17/spain.zapatero/index.html)

### Related:

1. [The Socialist Workers' Party, following the party's 139-96 vote approving this action, say they will abstain from voting against acting Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy when he puts his People's Party coalition government to parliament this week, thereby ending the 10-month deadlock. ](/news/2016/10/23/the-socialist-workers-party-following-the-party-s-139a96-vote-approving-this-action-say-they-will-abstain-from-voting-against-acting-pr.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Socialist Workers' Party_
2. [Pedro Sanchez, leader of Spain's Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) rejects a pact with the ruling People's Party (PP). "We say 'no' to Rajoy and his policies," Sanchez told a news conference after meeting with Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy. ](/news/2015/12/23/pedro-sa-nchez-leader-of-spain-s-spanish-socialist-workers-party-psoe-rejects-a-pact-with-the-ruling-people-s-party-pp-we-say-no-t.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Socialist Workers' Party_
3. [The Prime Minister of Spain Jos Luis Rodrguez Zapatero dissolves the Cortes Generales and calls a general election for November 20. ](/news/2011/09/26/the-prime-minister-of-spain-jose-luis-rodriguez-zapatero-dissolves-the-cortes-generales-and-calls-a-general-election-for-november-20.md) _Context: Jos Luis Rodrguez Zapatero, Prime Minister_
4. [Spain's Prime Minister Jos Luis Rodrguez Zapatero announces wage cuts for state employees and a reduction in investment in response to his country's budget deficit. ](/news/2010/05/12/spain-s-prime-minister-jose-luis-rodriguez-zapatero-announces-wage-cuts-for-state-employees-and-a-reduction-in-investment-in-response-to-his.md) _Context: Jos Luis Rodrguez Zapatero, Prime Minister_
5. [ Photographs of Spanish Prime Minister Jos Luis Rodrguez Zapatero and his family are published in the United States and subsequently published on the front pages of newspapers in his home country. A controversy occurs as many Spaniards have never before seen the children of the intensely private Prime Minister. ](/news/2009/09/25/photographs-of-spanish-prime-minister-jose-luis-rodriguez-zapatero-and-his-family-are-published-in-the-united-states-and-subsequently-publi.md) _Context: Jos Luis Rodrguez Zapatero, Prime Minister_
6. [ The new Prime Minister of Spain, Jos Luis Rodrguez Zapatero, orders that all Spanish troops should be brought home from Iraq "in as short a time as possible", in accordance with "the will of the Spanish people". ](/news/2004/04/18/the-new-prime-minister-of-spain-jose-luis-rodriguez-zapatero-orders-that-all-spanish-troops-should-be-brought-home-from-iraq-in-as-short.md) _Context: Jos Luis Rodrguez Zapatero, Prime Minister_
7. [The Spanish Parliament votes to allow Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy to lead a People's Party minority government after a ten month interregnum. ](/news/2016/10/29/the-spanish-parliament-votes-to-allow-prime-minister-mariano-rajoy-to-lead-a-people-s-party-minority-government-after-a-ten-month-interregnu.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
8. [The leader of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party, Pedro Sanchez, resigns. ](/news/2016/10/1/the-leader-of-the-spanish-socialist-workers-party-pedro-sa-nchez-resigns.md) _Context: Socialist Workers' Party_
9. [The conservative People's Party (PP) and the left-wing Podemos party, which together hold 192 seats in Spain's 350-seat parliament following December's election, confirm they will vote against Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) leader Pedro Sanchez's candidacy to form a new government. ](/news/2016/03/2/the-conservative-people-s-party-pp-and-the-left-wing-podemos-party-which-together-hold-192-seats-in-spainas-350-seat-parliament-followi.md) _Context: Socialist Workers' Party_
10. [In Sunday's elections, Spain's center-right ruling People's Party (PP) wins 123 seats (35.1%), and the center-left Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) takes 90 (25.7%) of the 350 seats in parliament, thereby ending Spain's two-party system since neither major party won an absolute majority. Turnout was 73 percent. Spain's new political forces, Podemos and Ciudadanos (C's), get 69 and 40 seats, respectively. Smaller parties split the remaining 28 seats, 17 to Catalonia parties which favor secession. It appears that a coalition government will be necessary. PSOE has declined to join the PP, which actually doesn't want that either. King Felipe, who ascended the throne in June 2014, is constitutionally empowered to mediate. ](/news/2015/12/21/in-sunday-s-elections-spain-s-center-right-ruling-people-s-party-pp-wins-123-seats-35-1-and-the-center-left-socialist-workers-party.md) _Context: Socialist Workers' Party_
