### [2012-12-23](/news/2012/12/23/index.md)

# 2012 Central African Republic rebellion:The Seleka rebel coalition takes over Bambari, the country's third largest town, after a string of similar successes in recent weeks. 

Rebels in the Central AfricanRepublic on Sunday seized the town of Bambari, the biggest prizeyet in a push that has brought rebels to within 400 km (250miles) of the capital, Bangui.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/12/23/car-rebels-town-idUSL5E8NN2V920121223)

### Related:

1. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:The Seleka rebel coalition captures Kaga-Bandoro, the fourth major city to fall since the return to hostilities on December 10. Meanwhile, President Francois Bozize meets with military advisors in the capital Bangui. ](/news/2012/12/25/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-pthe-seleka-rebel-coalition-captures-kaga-bandoro-the-fourth-major-city-to-fall-since-the-return-to.md) _Context: 2012 Central African Republic rebellion, Seleka_
2. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:Chad sends troops to the Central African Republic to help defend the town of Bria from the Seleka rebel coalition. ](/news/2012/12/19/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-pchad-sends-troops-to-the-central-african-republic-to-help-defend-the-town-of-bria-from-the-seleka-r.md) _Context: 2012 Central African Republic rebellion, Seleka_
3. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:A coalition of rebel groups called ''Seleka'' take over the Central African Republic mining town of Bria, killing at least 15 government soldiers. The group is spearheaded by UFDR forces and has already taken five towns in its two-week offensive, which it claims is because of a lack of progress after a peace deal ended the 2004-2007 Bush War. Following an appeal for help from President Francois Bozize, the President of Chad Idriss Deby sends 20 vehicles of heavily armed troops to help quell the rebellion. ](/news/2012/12/18/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-pa-coalition-of-rebel-groups-called-seleka-take-over-the-central-african-republic-mining-town-of.md) _Context: 2012 Central African Republic rebellion, Seleka_
4. [A truck overloaded with passengers crashes near Bambari, Central African Republic, killing at least 78 people and leaving dozens more injured. ](/news/2017/07/5/a-truck-overloaded-with-passengers-crashes-near-bambari-central-african-republic-killing-at-least-78-people-and-leaving-dozens-more-injure.md) _Context: Bambari_
5. [2012-13 Central African Republic conflict:After declaring himself President of the Central African Republic, Seleka chief Michel Djotodia says that he has suspended the constitution of the country and dissolved its parliament. ](/news/2013/03/26/2012a13-central-african-republic-conflict-pafter-declaring-himself-president-of-the-central-african-republic-seleka-chief-michel-djotodia.md) _Context: Seleka_
6. [2012-13 Central African Republic conflict:Seleka chief Michel Djotodia declares himself President of the Central African Republic and promises to retain power-sharing government as part of peace deal and put end to looting. ](/news/2013/03/25/2012a13-central-african-republic-conflict-pseleka-chief-michel-djotodia-declares-himself-president-of-the-central-african-republic-and-pro.md) _Context: Seleka_
7. [2012-13 Central African Republic conflict:All non-essential United Nations staff are removed from Central African Republic, as Seleka rebels move to within 75km of the capital, Bangui. ](/news/2013/03/23/2012a13-central-african-republic-conflict-pall-non-essential-united-nations-staff-are-removed-from-central-african-republic-as-seleka-reb.md) _Context: Seleka_
8. [2012-2013 Central African Republic rebellion:South Africa announces it will send 400 more soldiers to the Central African Republic in an effort to assist the current regime, which faces a potential attack by the Seleka rebel coalition on the capital. ](/news/2013/01/6/2012a2013-central-african-republic-rebellion-psouth-africa-announces-it-will-send-400-more-soldiers-to-the-central-african-republic-in-an.md) _Context: Seleka_
9. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:Rebels halt their advance towards the capital Bangui and agree to peace talks. ](/news/2013/01/2/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-prebels-halt-their-advance-towards-the-capital-bangui-and-agree-to-peace-talks.md) _Context: 2012 Central African Republic rebellion_
10. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:Rebels reject a national unity government offer by President of the Central African Republic Francois Bozize. ](/news/2012/12/31/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-prebels-reject-a-national-unity-government-offer-by-president-of-the-central-african-republic-franass.md) _Context: 2012 Central African Republic rebellion_
