### [2012-12-23](/news/2012/12/23/index.md)

# 2014 FIFA World Cup host Brazil will play Italy in a friendly game in Geneva, Switzerland, on 21 March 2013 ahead of their 2013 FIFA Confederations Cup match on 22 June 2013 in Salvador, Bahia. 

 Brazil have confirmed that they will face Italy in a friendly match on March 21 as preparation for the 2013 Confederations Cup


### Source:

1. [Goal.com](http://www.goal.com/en-gb/news/2557/news/2012/12/21/3620416/brazil-announce-italy-friendly-in-march)
2. [ESPN](http://soccernet.espn.go.com/conversation?id=1272455)

### Related:

1. [The draw for the 2013 FIFA Confederations Cup is held at the Anhembi Convention Center in Sao Paulo, Brazil. Title holders Brazil will face Japan, Mexico, Italy in Group A while World Champions Spain will play Uruguay, Tahiti and the 2013 African Champion in Group B. ](/news/2012/12/1/the-draw-for-the-2013-fifa-confederations-cup-is-held-at-the-anhembi-convention-center-in-sapso-paulo-brazil-title-holders-brazil-will-face.md) _Context: 2013 FIFA Confederations Cup, Brazil national football team, Italy_
2. [Syrian government airstrikes, and rockets from Islamist insurgents, hit many neighborhoods in Aleppo. Fatalities are reported on both sides of the city. This continued fighting threatens the truce and peace talks being held in Geneva, Switzerland. UN envoy Staffan de Mistura says he will meet the government delegation Monday, and will sit down with the main opposition High Negotiations Committee later in the week. ](/news/2016/04/16/syrian-government-airstrikes-and-rockets-from-islamist-insurgents-hit-many-neighborhoods-in-aleppo-fatalities-are-reported-on-both-sides.md) _Context: Geneva, Swiss_
3. [The  High Negotiations Committee, Syria's main opposition group, will attend Monday's U.N.-brokered peace talks  in Geneva, Switzerland, a day shy of the fifth anniversary of the start of the conflict, and two-plus weeks into the ceasefire agreement. Although fighting continues, a significant drop in violence has been seen during the truce. The first round of Geneva talks collapsed on Feb. 3 during a government offensive against rebels in Aleppo. ](/news/2016/03/11/the-high-negotiations-committee-syria-s-main-opposition-group-will-attend-monday-s-u-n-brokered-peace-talks-in-geneva-switzerland-a-d.md) _Context: Geneva, Swiss_
4. [Saudi Arabian  Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir says the country's recent tensions with Iran will not interfere with Syrian peace talks scheduled to begin in Geneva, Switzerland, later this month. ](/news/2016/01/5/saudi-arabian-foreign-minister-adel-al-jubeir-says-the-country-s-recent-tensions-with-iran-will-not-interfere-with-syrian-peace-talks-sched.md) _Context: Geneva, Swiss_
5. [Swiss police in Geneva, following yesterday's CIA tip, arrest two Syrian nationals. Apparently, traces of explosives were found in their car. President Simonetta Sommaruga says, "There is currently no indication that there was a concrete attack planned." ](/news/2015/12/11/swiss-police-in-geneva-following-yesterday-s-cia-tip-arrest-two-syrian-nationals-apparently-traces-of-explosives-were-found-in-their-car.md) _Context: Geneva, Swiss_
6. [The Large Hadron Collider at CERN centre in Geneva, Switzerland has been restarted after a two-year conversion. ](/news/2015/04/5/the-large-hadron-collider-at-cern-centre-in-geneva-switzerland-has-been-restarted-after-a-two-year-conversion.md) _Context: Geneva, Swiss_
7. [Uruguay's star striker Luis Surez is expelled from the tournament, banned for nine international matches and suspended from all football-related activity for four months for biting Giorgio Chiellini of Italy in Tuesday's Group D match. The verdict, the most severe against any player in FIFA World Cup history, means Surez will be unable to play or train for his club Liverpool until 27 October. ](/news/2014/06/26/uruguay-s-star-striker-luis-suarez-is-expelled-from-the-tournament-banned-for-nine-international-matches-and-suspended-from-all-football-re.md) _Context: 2014 FIFA World Cup, Italy_
8. [Luis Suarez of Uruguay is charged with biting Giorgio Chiellini of Italy in yesterday's Group D match. ](/news/2014/06/25/luis-sua-rez-of-uruguay-is-charged-with-biting-giorgio-chiellini-of-italy-in-yesterday-s-group-d-match.md) _Context: 2014 FIFA World Cup, Italy_
9. [In football, Brazil defeats Spain 3-0 in the 2013 FIFA Confederations Cup. ](/news/2013/06/30/in-football-brazil-defeats-spain-3-0-in-the-2013-fifa-confederations-cup.md) _Context: 2013 FIFA Confederations Cup, Brazil national football team_
10. [Luiz Felipe Scolari takes over as coach of Brazil national football team, 2014 FIFA World Cup hosts, 10 years after leading the team to the 2002 FIFA World Cup title. ](/news/2012/11/29/luiz-felipe-scolari-takes-over-as-coach-of-brazil-national-football-team-2014-fifa-world-cup-hosts-10-years-after-leading-the-team-to-the.md) _Context: 2014 FIFA World Cup, Brazil national football team_
