### [2012-12-23](/news/2012/12/23/index.md)

# A Draft constitution by the Constitutuent Assembly is approved by a majority of Egyptians in a referendum on 15 and 22 December. 

Egyptians appear to have voted in favour of a deeply divisive new constitution, unofficial and preliminary referendum results suggest.


### Source:

1. [AP](http://hosted2.ap.org/APDefault/*/Article_2012-12-23-Egypt/id-15f444327e42423f85773a413d93802e)
2. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/middleeast/2012/12/20121222235450446212.html)
3. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-20829911)
4. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-20832242)
5. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/12/23/us-egypt-politics-idUSBRE8BL03X20121223)

### Related:

1. [Voters in Egypt go to the polls for a highly charged referendum on a new constitution with violent clashes reported in Alexandria the evening before. ](/news/2012/12/15/voters-in-egypt-go-to-the-polls-for-a-highly-charged-referendum-on-a-new-constitution-with-violent-clashes-reported-in-alexandria-the-evenin.md) _Context: Draft constitution, Egypt, constitutional referendum_
2. [Egypt announces the ratification of a new Constitution adopted in constitutional referendum. ](/news/2012/12/25/egypt-announces-the-ratification-of-a-new-constitution-adopted-in-constitutional-referendum.md) _Context: Egypt, constitutional referendum_
3. [Clashes break out in Alexandria, Egypt, on the evening of the second leg of voting in the constitutional referendum. ](/news/2012/12/21/clashes-break-out-in-alexandria-egypt-on-the-evening-of-the-second-leg-of-voting-in-the-constitutional-referendum.md) _Context: Egypt, constitutional referendum_
4. [Egypt's Supreme Constitutional Court defers a ruling on whether the Constituent Assembly is legal following pressure from supporters of President Mohamed Morsi. ](/news/2012/12/2/egypt-s-supreme-constitutional-court-defers-a-ruling-on-whether-the-constituent-assembly-is-legal-following-pressure-from-supporters-of-pres.md) _Context: Constituent Assembly of Egypt, Egypt_
5. [President of Egypt Mohamed Morsi announces that the country's new draft constitution will be put to a constitutional referendum on December 15. ](/news/2012/12/1/president-of-egypt-mohamed-morsi-announces-that-the-country-s-new-draft-constitution-will-be-put-to-a-constitutional-referendum-on-december.md) _Context: Draft constitution, constitutional referendum_
6. [Two trains collide in Alexandria, Egypt, killing at least 41 people and injuring at least 179. ](/news/2017/08/11/two-trains-collide-in-alexandria-egypt-killing-at-least-41-people-and-injuring-at-least-179.md) _Context: Egypt_
7. [Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt-bahrain-and-unite.md) _Context: Egypt_
8. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Egypt_
9. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Egypt_
10. [The Bahrain News Agency publishes an official list of the demands from Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt towards Qatar. Turkey says the demands on Qatar are unlawful. ](/news/2017/06/25/the-bahrain-news-agency-publishes-an-official-list-of-the-demands-from-saudi-arabia-bahrain-the-united-arab-emirates-and-egypt-towards-qat.md) _Context: Egypt_
