### [2012-12-23](/news/2012/12/23/index.md)

# The South Korean defence ministry says the launch of a satellite into space by North Korea was a disguised test of a 10,000 km range missile. 

North Korea has the ability to fire a rocket more than 10,000km, theoretically putting the Western US in range, South Korean officials say.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/asia-pacific/2012/12/201212234411261225.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-20830605)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/12/23/us-korea-north-missile-idUSBRE8BM01720121223)

### Related:

1. [2013 Korean crisis:A senior South Korean government official says that North Korea may be preparing for its fourth nuclear test, as increased activity is detected at its main test site. However, the South Korean Defence Ministry denied having clear signs that the test may be imminent. ](/news/2013/04/8/2013-korean-crisis-pa-senior-south-korean-government-official-says-that-north-korea-may-be-preparing-for-its-fourth-nuclear-test-as-increas.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, defense ministry_
2. [2013 Korean crisis:South Korea's Ministry of Unification says that North Korea is denying workers entry to joint-Korean Kaesong complex amid tensions on the peninsula. The Ministry of Defence will consider a military action if the workers' security is threatened. The U.S. Navy sends USS ''John McCain'' and USS ''Decatur'' into the area. ](/news/2013/04/3/2013-korean-crisis-psouth-korea-s-ministry-of-unification-says-that-north-korea-is-denying-workers-entry-to-joint-korean-kaesong-complex-ami.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, defense ministry_
3. [2013 Korean crisis:South Korea's defense ministry says it doubts North Korea has the ability to launch a nuclear-armed ballistic missile as claimed in a report by the United States Defense Intelligence Agency. ](/news/2013/04/12/2013-korean-crisis-psouth-korea-s-defense-ministry-says-it-doubts-north-korea-has-the-ability-to-launch-a-nuclear-armed-ballistic-missile-as.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, defense ministry_
4. [North Korea's first satellite successfully put into orbit, Kwangmyongsong-3 Unit 2, appears to be spinning out of control, according to U.S. officials. South Korean sources later deny the report, saying the satellite appears to be orbiting Earth normally. ](/news/2012/12/13/north-korea-s-first-satellite-successfully-put-into-orbit-kwangmyangsang-3-unit-2-appears-to-be-spinning-out-of-control-according-to-u.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, rocket launch_
5. [North Korea's state agency KCNA announces the country will launch a satellite sometime between December 10 and December 22. The launch will take place around the time of South Korea's presidential election on December 19 and close to the first anniversary of the death of former leader Kim Jong-il. South Korean officials, as well as the US, believe that the isolated state is testing long-range missile technology with the aim of developing an intercontinental ballistic missile. ](/news/2012/12/1/north-korea-s-state-agency-kcna-announces-the-country-will-launch-a-satellite-sometime-between-december-10-and-december-22-the-launch-will.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, rocket attacks_
6. [The South Korean Ministry of National Defense states that a North Korean soldier has defected to South Korea after killing two of his superiors. ](/news/2012/10/6/the-south-korean-ministry-of-national-defense-states-that-a-north-korean-soldier-has-defected-to-south-korea-after-killing-two-of-his-superi.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, defense ministry_
7. [U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435|mi|km reaching an altitude of more than 1245|mi|km before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60|mi|km south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launched-a-test-missile-from-the-west-coast-city-of-kusong-the-projectile-travelle.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea_
8. [North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-eastern-waters-in-the-direction-of-japan-accordi.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea_
9. [The United States deploys parts of its Terminal High Altitude Area Defense in South Korea amidst high tension caused by North Korea's escalation of its missile and nuclear weapons programs. ](/news/2017/04/26/the-united-states-deploys-parts-of-its-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-in-south-korea-amidst-high-tension-caused-by-north-korea-s-escala.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea_
10. [South Korea claims that North Korea has fired several missiles from the Sohae Satellite Launching Station into the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2017/03/6/south-korea-claims-that-north-korea-has-fired-several-missiles-from-the-sohae-satellite-launching-station-into-the-sea-of-japan.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea_
