### [2006-03-27](/news/2006/03/27/index.md)

#  Preliminary results of the 2006 Ukrainian parliamentary election give former Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych and his pro-Russian Party of Regions a narrow lead over the Yulia Tymoshenko Electoral Bloc, with President Viktor Yushchenko's Our Ukraine Bloc trailing in third place. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/4848958.stm)

### Related:

1. [ President Viktor Yushchenko and Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych of Ukraine agree to a compromise, with early parliamentary elections to be held on September 30. ](/news/2007/05/27/president-viktor-yushchenko-and-prime-minister-viktor-yanukovych-of-ukraine-agree-to-a-compromise-with-early-parliamentary-elections-to-be.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Ukraine, Ukrainian President, Viktor Yanukovych, Viktor Yushchenko_
2. [ In Ukraine, after days of vote tallying, Viktor Yanukovych's Party of Regions wins a plurality in the 2006 parliamentary election. ](/news/2006/03/31/in-ukraine-after-days-of-vote-tallying-viktor-yanukovych-s-party-of-regions-wins-a-plurality-in-the-2006-parliamentary-election.md) _Context: 2006 parliamentary election, Party of Regions, Viktor Yanukovych_
3. [ Ukraine President Viktor Yushchenko fires Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko and most of his cabinet amid accusations of graft and serious infighting. [http://news.yahoo.com/s/nm/20050908/wl_nm/ukraine_dc (Yahoo! News)] (Link dead as of 00:43, 15 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/09/8/ukraine-president-viktor-yushchenko-fires-prime-minister-yulia-tymoshenko-and-most-of-his-cabinet-amid-accusations-of-graft-and-serious-inf.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Ukraine, Ukrainian President, Viktor Yushchenko_
4. [ Yulia Tymoshenko is appointed Prime Minister of Ukraine as one of President Viktor Yushchenko's first official acts, before a state visit in Moscow. Her post still requires ratification by the Verkhovna Rada, Ukraine's parliament. ](/news/2005/01/24/yulia-tymoshenko-is-appointed-prime-minister-of-ukraine-as-one-of-president-viktor-yushchenko-s-first-official-acts-before-a-state-visit-i.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Ukraine, Ukrainian President, Viktor Yushchenko_
5. [ 2004 Ukrainian presidential election: Ukraine's electoral commission declares Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych the winner. Opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko calls for supporters to protest "the total falsification of the vote". Observers from the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE) say the run-off vote "did not meet international standards", and the senior U.S. election observer, Senator Richard Lugar, notes a "concerted and forceful program of election day fraud". ](/news/2004/11/22/2004-ukrainian-presidential-election-ukraine-s-electoral-commission-declares-prime-minister-viktor-yanukovych-the-winner-opposition-leade.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Ukraine, Viktor Yanukovych, Viktor Yushchenko_
6. [Ukrainian Prime Minister Mykola Azarov submits his resignation to President Viktor Yanukovich "for the sake of a peaceful settlement of the conflict." ](/news/2014/01/28/ukrainian-prime-minister-mykola-azarov-submits-his-resignation-to-president-viktor-yanukovich-for-the-sake-of-a-peaceful-settlement-of-the.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Ukraine, Ukrainian President_
7. [The Government of Prime Minister of Ukraine Mykola Azarov easily survives a no-confidence motion amid continuing protest against the decision of Azarov and President Yanukovych to back away from stronger ties with the European Union. However, the Government is in danger of not surviving a similar motion tomorrow. ](/news/2013/12/3/the-government-of-prime-minister-of-ukraine-mykola-azarov-easily-survives-a-no-confidence-motion-amid-continuing-protest-against-the-decisio.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Ukraine, Viktor Yanukovych_
8. [President of Ukraine Viktor Yanukovych meets Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow amid mass protests against the relationship between the two. ](/news/2013/12/17/president-of-ukraine-viktor-yanukovych-meets-russian-president-vladimir-putin-in-moscow-amid-mass-protests-against-the-relationship-between.md) _Context: Ukrainian President, Viktor Yanukovych_
9. [President of Ukraine Viktor Yanukovych signs a controversial law about official status of 18 languages (including Russian, Hungarian, Crimean Tatar language, etc.) as regional and minority languages, allowing officials in Russian-speaking regions of the country to use Russian at public events and in documents. ](/news/2012/08/8/president-of-ukraine-viktor-yanukovych-signs-a-controversial-law-about-official-status-of-18-languages-including-russian-hungarian-crimea.md) _Context: Ukrainian President, Viktor Yanukovych_
10. [Viktor Yanukovych is sworn in as the as 4th President of Ukraine. ](/news/2010/02/25/viktor-yanukovych-is-sworn-in-as-the-as-4th-president-of-ukraine.md) _Context: Ukrainian President, Viktor Yanukovych_
