### [2006-03-27](/news/2006/03/27/index.md)

#  The mayor of London, Ken Livingstone, refers to the United States Ambassador to the United Kingdom, Robert Tuttle, as a 'chiseling little crook' because the United States embassy continues to refuse to pay the London congestion charge. 




### Source:

1. [Guardian Unlimited](http://www.guardian.co.uk/guardianpolitics/story/0,,1740977,00.html)

### Related:

1. [Former Mayor of London Ken Livingstone is suspended by the Labour Party for claiming that Adolf Hitler was a Zionist. ](/news/2016/04/28/former-mayor-of-london-ken-livingstone-is-suspended-by-the-labour-party-for-claiming-that-adolf-hitler-was-a-zionist.md) _Context: Ken Livingstone, Mayor of London_
2. [ Conservative Party candidate Boris Johnson is elected as the Mayor of London replacing Ken Livingstone, capping huge gains by the Conservatives in local elections, which gave them a net gain of 256 council seats and a net gain of 12 city councils. ](/news/2008/05/2/conservative-party-candidate-boris-johnson-is-elected-as-the-mayor-of-london-replacing-ken-livingstone-capping-huge-gains-by-the-conservat.md) _Context: Ken Livingstone, Mayor of London_
3. [ Ken Livingstone, the Mayor of London, accuses Home Secretary Jack Straw of participating in "demonization of Muslims only comparable to the demonization of Jews from the end of the 19th century" for his comments regarding veils. ](/news/2006/11/20/ken-livingstone-the-mayor-of-london-accuses-home-secretary-jack-straw-of-participating-in-demonization-of-muslims-only-comparable-to-the.md) _Context: Ken Livingstone, Mayor of London_
4. [ The High Court of England and Wales grants the Mayor of London, Ken Livingstone, an order that delays a four-week suspension from his post ordered by an administrative tribunal last week. ](/news/2006/02/28/the-high-court-of-england-and-wales-grants-the-mayor-of-london-ken-livingstone-an-order-that-delays-a-four-week-suspension-from-his-post.md) _Context: Ken Livingstone, Mayor of London_
5. [ Ken Livingstone, the Mayor of London, is suspended from his position for one month by a three member panel of the Adjudication Panel for England for being "unnecessarily insensitive" in comparing a Jewish ''Evening Standard'' reporter to a Nazi concentration camp guard. Nicky Gavron, his deputy, will take over his responsibilities whilst Livingstone is suspended. ](/news/2006/02/24/ken-livingstone-the-mayor-of-london-is-suspended-from-his-position-for-one-month-by-a-three-member-panel-of-the-adjudication-panel-for-en.md) _Context: Ken Livingstone, Mayor of London_
6. [The Garden Bridge project is officially abandoned after Mayor of London Sadiq Khan withdraws support. ](/news/2017/08/14/the-garden-bridge-project-is-officially-abandoned-after-mayor-of-london-sadiq-khan-withdraws-support.md) _Context: Mayor of London_
7. [U.S. President Donald Trump nominates New York Jets owner Woody Johnson to be the next United States Ambassador to the United Kingdom. ](/news/2017/01/20/u-s-president-donald-trump-nominates-new-york-jets-owner-woody-johnson-to-be-the-next-united-states-ambassador-to-the-united-kingdom.md) _Context: United States Ambassador to the United Kingdom_
8. [London Mayor Sadiq Khan declares a public health emergency for at least the next three days because of high levels of air pollution in the London area. The Department for Environment says this pollution episode could last until at least Sunday. ](/news/2017/01/18/london-mayor-sadiq-khan-declares-a-public-health-emergency-for-at-least-the-next-three-days-because-of-high-levels-of-air-pollution-in-the-l.md) _Context: Mayor of London_
9. [London Mayor Sadiq Khan calls on fellow Labour Party members to remove Jeremy Corbyn in the  upcoming party leadership election. ](/news/2016/08/21/london-mayor-sadiq-khan-calls-on-fellow-labour-party-members-to-remove-jeremy-corbyn-in-the-upcoming-party-leadership-election.md) _Context: Mayor of London_
10. [Formation of the The new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Theresa May begins forming her ministry following the end of the Second Cameron ministry. The former Mayor of London Boris Johnson is appointed Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, Philip Hammond is appointed as Chancellor of the Exchequer, Amber Rudd is appointed Home Secretary filling Theresa May's former position, Liam Fox is appointed as Secretary of State for International Trade and David Davis is appointed as minister for the newly created Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union. ](/news/2016/07/13/formation-of-the-the-new-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-theresa-may-begins-forming-her-ministry-following-the-end-of-the-second-camero.md) _Context: Mayor of London_
