### [2006-03-27](/news/2006/03/27/index.md)

#  ''The New York Times'' reports that it has seen a memo that shows George W. Bush was determined to go to war at least two months before the 2003 invasion of Iraq. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/4849744.stm)
2. [NYT](http://www.nytimes.com/2006/03/27/international/europe/27memo.html?pagewanted=1&ei=5090&en=7c30d11fe0c8c923&ex=1301115600&partner=rssuserland&emc=rss)

### Related:

1. [A private note, due to remain secret despite calls for it to be published by the chairman of the Iraq Inquiry, shows former British prime minister Tony Blair privately assured former American president George W. Bush "you can count on us" before they jointly invaded Iraq prior to the Iraq War. ](/news/2011/01/21/a-private-note-due-to-remain-secret-despite-calls-for-it-to-be-published-by-the-chairman-of-the-iraq-inquiry-shows-former-british-prime-mi.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush_
2. [ A meeting between the President of the United States George W. Bush and the Prime Minister of Iraq Nouri al-Maliki in Jordan is cancelled. A classified Bush administration memo critical of the ability of al-Maliki to bring sectarian conflict under control had previously been published in ''The New York Times''. In a later meeting, they decided that Iraq should not be divided into semi-autonomous zones. ](/news/2006/11/30/a-meeting-between-the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-and-the-prime-minister-of-iraq-nouri-al-maliki-in-jordan-is-cancelled.md) _Context: George W. Bush, The New York Times_
3. [ A coalition of citizen groups will ask United States Congress to file a formal "Resolution of Inquiry", the first necessary legal step to determine whether U.S. President George W. Bush has committed impeachable offenses. The request, written by Boston constitutional attorney John C. Bonifaz, cites the Downing Street memo and issues surrounding the planning and execution of the Iraq war. ](/news/2005/05/26/a-coalition-of-citizen-groups-will-ask-united-states-congress-to-file-a-formal-resolution-of-inquiry-the-first-necessary-legal-step-to-d.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush_
4. [ The Bush administration is requesting an additional $80 billion from Congress for Iraq and Afghanistan, bringing the total cost of both operations over $280 billion. ](/news/2005/01/25/the-bush-administration-is-requesting-an-additional-80-billion-from-congress-for-iraq-and-afghanistan-bringing-the-total-cost-of-both-ope.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush_
5. [ Several thousand people marched in Denver, Colorado, to protest the U.S. plan to invade Iraq when President Bush visited the city.](/news/2002/09/27/several-thousand-people-marched-in-denver-colorado-to-protest-the-u-s-plan-to-invade-iraq-when-president-bush-visited-the-city.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush_
6. [ U.S. plan to invade Iraq: White House and Pentagon officials announce that Gen. Tommy Franks presented detailed war plans to President Bush in early September.](/news/2002/09/20/u-s-plan-to-invade-iraq-white-house-and-pentagon-officials-announce-that-gen-tommy-franks-presented-detailed-war-plans-to-president-bush.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush_
7. [ U.S. plan to invade Iraq: In a speech before the U.N. General Assembly, George W. Bush asserts that Iraq has defied various U.N. resolutions and is "a threat to the authority of the United Nations and a threat to peace". He says that the US will work with the Security Council to draft the necessary resolutions for military action.](/news/2002/09/12/u-s-plan-to-invade-iraq-in-a-speech-before-the-u-n-general-assembly-george-w-bush-asserts-that-iraq-has-defied-various-u-n-resolution.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush_
8. [British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to ''The New York Times''. British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connection-with-monday-s-manchester-bombing-attack-for-most-of-the-day.md) _Context: The New York Times_
9. [The Trump White House bars ''The New York Times'', CNN, the ''Los Angeles Times'', the ''New York Daily News'', ''The Hill'',  the ''Daily Mail'',  BBC,  Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as  Breitbart News, One America News Network, and ''The Washington Times''. Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News,  ''The Wall Street Journal'', Bloomberg News, and Fox News. ''Time'' magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to  in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-m.md) _Context: The New York Times_
10. [The Philippines cabinet of Rodrigo Duterte, through former journalist Martin Andanar, criticizes the Western media's coverage of the Philippine Drug War, particularly that of ''The New York Times'', and urges them to cover the purge more effectively. ](/news/2016/12/14/the-philippines-cabinet-of-rodrigo-duterte-through-former-journalist-martin-andanar-criticizes-the-western-media-s-coverage-of-the-philipp.md) _Context: The New York Times_
