### [2004-11-8](/news/2004/11/8/index.md)

#  Darfur conflict: The Sudanese government and rebel leaders sign two accords that include a no-fly zone over Darfur, disarming Janjaweed militia and informing the location of forces to cease-fire monitors. United Nations officials arrive to investigate claims of genocide. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/3996859.stm)
2. [Reuters](http://reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6761796)

### Related:

1. [ The government of Sudan rejects the United Nations' demand that the suspects of war crimes in the violence ridden western Sudanese region of Darfur would be put before the International Criminal Court in The Hague. ](/news/2005/02/17/the-government-of-sudan-rejects-the-united-nations-demand-that-the-suspects-of-war-crimes-in-the-violence-ridden-western-sudanese-region-o.md) _Context: Darfur, Darfur conflict, Sudan, United Nations_
2. [ A United Nations report makes accusations of killings, torture and rape of civilians in Sudan's Darfur area, and calls for those accused of carrying out war crimes to be put on trial. The report stops short of calling the events a genocide. ](/news/2005/02/1/a-united-nations-report-makes-accusations-of-killings-torture-and-rape-of-civilians-in-sudan-s-darfur-area-and-calls-for-those-accused-of.md) _Context: Darfur, Sudan, United Nations, genocide_
3. [ African Union mediators adjourn negotiations with Sudan on the Darfur conflict after numerous security issues are not agreed upon, mainly a no-fly zone in Darfur. ](/news/2004/11/6/african-union-mediators-adjourn-negotiations-with-sudan-on-the-darfur-conflict-after-numerous-security-issues-are-not-agreed-upon-mainly-a.md) _Context: Darfur, Darfur conflict, Sudan, no-fly zone_
4. [ Darfur conflict: United Nations officials say Sudanese troops have surrounded two refugee camps in Darfur and are blocking access. The Sudanese military say they were asked to protect refugees and evict imposters. ](/news/2004/11/2/darfur-conflict-united-nations-officials-say-sudanese-troops-have-surrounded-two-refugee-camps-in-darfur-and-are-blocking-access-the-suda.md) _Context: Darfur, Darfur conflict, Sudan, United Nations_
5. [ United States Secretary of State Colin Powell declares that the actions of the Janjaweed Arab militia in Darfur constitute genocide. Powell holds the government of Sudan responsible. Up to 50,000 ethnic Africans have been killed and 2.2 million displaced into refugee camps in neighboring Chad by ethnic Arab militias. ](/news/2004/09/9/united-states-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-declares-that-the-actions-of-the-janjaweed-arab-militia-in-darfur-constitute-genocide-powell.md) _Context: Darfur, Janjaweed, Sudan, genocide_
6. [ Darfur Conflict: The United Nations Security Council passes a resolution threatening Sudan with sanctions if it does not act to control the Arab militias accused of genocide in Darfur. The resolution passes 11&ndash;0, with the People's Republic of China, Russia, Pakistan, and Algeria abstaining. ](/news/2004/09/18/darfur-conflict-the-united-nations-security-council-passes-a-resolution-threatening-sudan-with-sanctions-if-it-does-not-act-to-control-the.md) _Context: Darfur, Darfur conflict, Sudan, genocide_
7. [ Darfur conflict: Peace talks between the Sudanese government and Darfurian rebels, which began three weeks ago, collapse. Sudan accuses the United States of prolonging the conflict by describing the actions of Arab militias in Darfur as genocide. Rebels will meet with Nigerian president Olusegun Obasanjo Friday evening to give their version of the story. ](/news/2004/09/17/darfur-conflict-peace-talks-between-the-sudanese-government-and-darfurian-rebels-which-began-three-weeks-ago-collapse-sudan-accuses-the.md) _Context: Darfur, Darfur conflict, Sudan, genocide_
8. [ Sudan seeks support from states attending the Arab League summit in Cairo, Egypt to forestall possible United Nations sanctions against their country regarding its support for the Arab Janjaweed accused of ethnic cleansing in Darfur. Arab League Secretary General Amr Moussa states that the Arab League states are inclined to help Sudan avoid sanctions. ](/news/2004/08/8/sudan-seeks-support-from-states-attending-the-arab-league-summit-in-cairo-egypt-to-forestall-possible-united-nations-sanctions-against-the.md) _Context: Darfur, Janjaweed, Sudan, United Nations_
9. [ Villagers in Abga Rajil, western Sudan, claim 56 people are killed in a raid by janjaweed militia. The UN says conflict in the Darfur area has displaced around a million people. ](/news/2004/05/23/villagers-in-abga-rajil-western-sudan-claim-56-people-are-killed-in-a-raid-by-janjaweed-militia-the-un-says-conflict-in-the-darfur-area.md) _Context: Darfur, Janjaweed, Sudan, United Nations_
10. [The United Nations claims that Sudan has bombed a village in Darfur. ](/news/2011/05/18/the-united-nations-claims-that-sudan-has-bombed-a-village-in-darfur.md) _Context: Darfur, Sudan, United Nations_
