### [2004-10-1](/news/2004/10/1/index.md)

#  Ichiro Suzuki, a Japanese baseball star now playing for Major League Baseball's New York Yankees, breaks George Sisler's 84-year-old record for hits in a season, prompting praise from Japanese prime minister Junichiro Koizumi and celebrations in both Seattle and Tokyo. 




### Source:

1. [CNN/SI](http://sportsillustrated.cnn.com/2004/baseball/mlb/10/01/bc.bba.suzuki.hitsrecor.ap/)

### Related:

1. [ US baseball: Six Houston Astros pitchers combine to pitch a no-hitter against the New York Yankees. The game sets several records, including the most pitchers to combine for a no-hitter in Major League Baseball history, and a record for the Yankees for the most sequential games without being no-hit.](/news/2003/06/11/us-baseball-six-houston-astros-pitchers-combine-to-pitch-a-no-hitter-against-the-new-york-yankees-the-game-sets-several-records-includin.md) _Context: Major League Baseball, New York Yankees, baseball game_
2. [A man, who fell from the upper deck of Atlanta's Turner Field during Saturday night's Braves-New York Yankees baseball game, dies. ](/news/2015/08/29/a-man-who-fell-from-the-upper-deck-of-atlanta-s-turner-field-during-saturday-night-s-braves-new-york-yankees-baseball-game-dies.md) _Context: New York Yankees, baseball game_
3. [Alex Rodriguez of the New York Yankees becomes the seventh player in the history of Major League Baseball to hit 600 home runs. ](/news/2010/08/4/alex-rodriguez-of-the-new-york-yankees-becomes-the-seventh-player-in-the-history-of-major-league-baseball-to-hit-600-home-runs.md) _Context: Major League Baseball, New York Yankees_
4. [ World Series: Baseball: The Florida Marlins defeat the New York Yankees, four games to two, to win the 2003 World Series.](/news/2003/10/25/world-series-baseball-the-florida-marlins-defeat-the-new-york-yankees-four-games-to-two-to-win-the-2003-world-series.md) _Context: New York Yankees, baseball game_
5. [ Baseball: Barry Bonds ties the 63-year-old record of Jimmie Foxx by homering against the Arizona Diamondbacks' Curt Schilling, becoming the second player in Major League Baseball to hit at least 30 home runs in 12 consecutive seasons.](/news/2003/07/12/baseball-barry-bonds-ties-the-63-year-old-record-of-jimmie-foxx-by-homering-against-the-arizona-diamondbacks-curt-schilling-becoming-the.md) _Context: Major League Baseball, baseball game_
6. [ Sammy Sosa of baseball's Chicago Cubs is ejected from a game after he is found to have used a corked bat. The Cubs went on to beat the Devil Rays, 3 to 2. Major League Baseball Officials confiscated 76 of Sosa's spare bats after his ejection, and all were found to be clean, with no cork.](/news/2003/06/3/sammy-sosa-of-baseball-s-chicago-cubs-is-ejected-from-a-game-after-he-is-found-to-have-used-a-corked-bat-the-cubs-went-on-to-beat-the-devi.md) _Context: Major League Baseball, baseball game_
7. [ US Baseball: Pitching against the St. Louis Cardinals, New York Yankee Roger Clemens notches his 4,000th strikeout and his 300th win.](/news/2003/06/13/us-baseball-pitching-against-the-st-louis-cardinals-new-york-yankee-roger-clemens-notches-his-4-000th-strikeout-and-his-300th-win.md) _Context: New York Yankees, baseball game_
8. [ A bench clearing brawl happens in a baseball game between the Arizona Diamondbacks and the St. Louis Cardinals. Tino Martinez was hit by a 1-0 pitch from Miguel Batista, and took first base. He was then forced out at second base during the next batter's at-bat. When heading back to the dugout, Martinez charged Batista from behind. Batista turned and threw the ball at him, and players from both teams joined the altercation. The Diamondbacks ultimately won the game, 1-0, and the MLB suspends Martinez for four games, and Batista for ten.](/news/2003/04/20/a-bench-clearing-brawl-happens-in-a-baseball-game-between-the-arizona-diamondbacks-and-the-st-louis-cardinals-tino-martinez-was-hit-by-a.md) _Context: Major League Baseball, baseball game_
9. [Tokyo governor Yuriko Koike establishes the conservative Kibo no To (Party of Hope) to contest the upcoming election although she will neither lead it nor run. ](/news/2017/09/27/tokyo-governor-yuriko-koike-establishes-the-conservative-kiba-no-ta-party-of-hope-to-contest-the-upcoming-election-although-she-will-nei.md) _Context: Tokyo_
10. [Seattle mayor Ed Murray announces his resignation after allegations surface that he sexually abused five teenagers in the 1970s and 80s. ](/news/2017/09/12/seattle-mayor-ed-murray-announces-his-resignation-after-allegations-surface-that-he-sexually-abused-five-teenagers-in-the-1970s-and-80s.md) _Context: Seattle_
