
Formats: [HTML](/news/2004/10/1/israeli-troops-backed-by-tanks-and-other-military-vehicles-enter-the-northern-gaza-strip-city-of-jabaliya-and-the-nearby-towns-of-beit-h.html)  [JSON](/news/2004/10/1/israeli-troops-backed-by-tanks-and-other-military-vehicles-enter-the-northern-gaza-strip-city-of-jabaliya-and-the-nearby-towns-of-beit-h.json)  [XML](/news/2004/10/1/israeli-troops-backed-by-tanks-and-other-military-vehicles-enter-the-northern-gaza-strip-city-of-jabaliya-and-the-nearby-towns-of-beit-h.xml)  

### [2004-10-1](/news/2004/10/1/index.md)

##### Israeli-Palestinian conflict
#  Israeli troops, backed by tanks and other military vehicles, enter the northern Gaza Strip city of Jabaliya, and the nearby towns of Beit Hanoun and Beit Lahiya. At least five Palestinians are killed by Israeli rocket strikes on Jabaliya. [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-middle_east-3706224.stm (BBC)] [http:--www.guardian.co.uk-israel-Story-0,2763,1318164,00.html (The Guardian)] The Israeli military releases unmanned drone [http:--www1.idf.il-SIP_STORAGE-DOVER-files-7-34147.wmv footage] of the Gaza Strip showing what Israel says are Palestinian militants loading rockets into a van marked "UN". The UN dismisses the claim, saying that the footage actually shows a stretcher being loaded into a van. [http:--www.islam-online.net-English-News-2004-10-03-article02.shtml (Islam Online)] (Haaretz: [http:--www.haaretzdaily.com-hasen-spages-483950.html 1], [http:--www.haaretz.com-hasen-spages-484003.html 2])




### Related:

1. [ Three Palestinian children are killed in an explosion between Beit Lahiya and the Jabalya refugee camp in the Gaza Strip caused by Israeli tank fire. The Israeli Defence Forces later claim they were aiming for rocket launchers in the area directed towards Israel, but eyewitnesses and medical sources said that there were no gunmen or rocket launchers at the scene. ](/news/2007/08/29/three-palestinian-children-are-killed-in-an-explosion-between-beit-lahiya-and-the-jabalya-refugee-camp-in-the-gaza-strip-caused-by-israeli.md) _Context: Beit Lahiya, Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli Defence Forces_
2. [ Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon accepts an Israeli Defence Force plan to begin withdrawing troops from Jabalia, Beit Lahiya, and Beit Hanoun in the northern Gaza Strip this weekend. [http:--www.haaretz.com-hasen-spages-489056.html (Haaretz)] About 100,000 Israelis in 100 cities march in a series of demonstrations across Israel opposing their government's proposal to withdraw Israeli settlers from the Gaza Strip and parts of the West Bank.](/news/2004/10/14/israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-accepts-an-israeli-defence-force-plan-to-begin-withdrawing-troops-from-jabalia-beit-lahiya-and-beit-h.md) _Context: Beit Hanoun, Beit Lahiya, Gaza Strip, Israel_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Palestinian witnesses say that a missile fired from an Israeli helicopter destroyed a home in the Gaza Strip town of Jabaliya, killing a schoolteacher and wounding six others. ](/news/2004/10/10/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-witnesses-say-that-a-missile-fired-from-an-israeli-helicopter-destroyed-a-home-in-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Jabaliya_
4. [Israel charges a UN administrative manager of being a Hamas-linked operative from Gaza. ](/news/2016/08/9/israel-charges-a-un-administrative-manager-of-being-a-hamas-linked-operative-from-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
5. [Two Palestinian militants of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine are killed and another six wounded by Israeli shelling as they approached the Gaza Strip-Israel border near Beit Hanoun. A ten-year-old girl is also wounded. ](/news/2010/07/21/two-palestinian-militants-of-the-islamic-jihad-movement-in-palestine-are-killed-and-another-six-wounded-by-israeli-shelling-as-they-approach.md) _Context: Beit Hanoun, Gaza Strip, Israel_
