### [2003-04-24](/news/2003/04/24/index.md)

#  The Dixie Chicks pose nude on the cover of "Entertainment Weekly", with political slogans on their bodies, in response to their critics' reaction to lead singer Natalie Maines' derogatory remark against U.S. President George W. Bush.




### Related:

1. [ In an interview, U.S. President George W. Bush names No Child Left Behind as one of his most significant achievements and hopes to be remembered for the current situation in Iraq ](/news/2008/11/29/in-an-interview-u-s-president-george-w-bush-names-no-child-left-behind-as-one-of-his-most-significant-achievements-and-hopes-to-be-remem.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President_
2. [ U.S. President George W. Bush calls for a UN-backed action over Kosovo's independence despite Russian and Serbian opposition. ](/news/2007/06/9/u-s-president-george-w-bush-calls-for-a-un-backed-action-over-kosovo-s-independence-despite-russian-and-serbian-opposition.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President_
3. [ Iraq War: U.S. President George W. Bush meets with Democratic Party officials in Congress to try find ways to fund the Iraq War. ](/news/2007/05/2/iraq-war-u-s-president-george-w-bush-meets-with-democratic-party-officials-in-congress-to-try-find-ways-to-fund-the-iraq-war.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President_
4. [ The United States House of Representatives passes House Concurrent Resolution 63; a non-binding resolution criticising U.S. President George W. Bush's Surge Plan in Iraq. ](/news/2007/02/16/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-passes-house-concurrent-resolution-63-a-non-binding-resolution-criticising-u-s-president-georg.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President_
5. [ Democratic Party officials in the U.S. Congress have warned President Bush that he does not have the authority to go to war with Iran. ](/news/2007/02/15/democratic-party-officials-in-the-u-s-congress-have-warned-president-bush-that-he-does-not-have-the-authority-to-go-to-war-with-iran.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President_
6. [ U.S. President George W. Bush criticises the disclosure of a program to monitor financial transactions by suspected terrorists as "disgraceful". White House Press Secretary Tony Snow also states that news organizations, including the "New York Times," should think if "the public's right to know, in some cases, might override somebody's right to live..." ](/news/2006/06/26/u-s-president-george-w-bush-criticises-the-disclosure-of-a-program-to-monitor-financial-transactions-by-suspected-terrorists-as-disgrace.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President_
7. [ U.S. President George W. Bush welcomes the Chinese President Hu Jintao at the White House. A Falun Gong protester--an accredited journalist from "The Epoch Times"--interrupts Hu's speech at the arrival ceremony before being removed by the Secret Service. The announcer violates protocol by accidentally calling the March of the Volunteers the "National Anthem of the Republic of China". ](/news/2006/04/20/u-s-president-george-w-bush-welcomes-the-chinese-president-hu-jintao-at-the-white-house-a-falun-gong-protesteraan-accredited-journalis.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President_
8. [ Dixie Chicks lead singer Natalie Maines said to a crowd in London: "We do not want this war, we do not want this violence, and we are ashamed that the President of the United States is from Texas.](/news/2003/03/10/dixie-chicks-lead-singer-natalie-maines-said-to-a-crowd-in-london-we-do-not-want-this-war-we-do-not-want-this-violence-and-we-are-asham.md) _Context: Dixie Chicks, Natalie Maines_
9. [United States federal judge Richard Posner has announced his retirement after three decades of service on the bench of the 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, headquartered in Chicago, Illinois. Appointed by President Ronald Reagan in 1981, Justice Posner has written more than 3,300 opinions from the bench.](/news/2017/09/1/united-states-federal-judge-richard-posner-has-announced-his-retirement-after-three-decades-of-service-on-the-bench-of-the-7th-u-s-circuit.md) _Context: President_
10. [West Virginia Governor Jim Justice announces, during U.S. President Donald Trump's rally in Huntington, he is changing his party affiliation from Democratic to Republican. ](/news/2017/08/3/west-virginia-governor-jim-justice-announces-during-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-rally-in-huntington-he-is-changing-his-party-affiliation.md) _Context: President_
