### [2003-02-24](/news/2003/02/24/index.md)

#  U.S. plan to invade Iraq: General Colin Powell states at a meeting in Beijing that "It is time to take action. The evidence is clear&nbsp;... We are reaching that point where serious consequences must flow." His speech appears to imply that military action is likely to follow within three weeks, based on previous Pentagon briefings.




### Related:

1. [ Ari Fleischer, press secretary to U.S. President George W. Bush, gives credit to The Pentagon for the apparent victory in the 2003 Iraq war.[http://www.washtimes.com/national/20030415-2212014.htm ]date=September 2015](/news/2003/04/13/ari-fleischer-press-secretary-to-u-s-president-george-w-bush-gives-credit-to-the-pentagon-for-the-apparent-victory-in-the-2003-iraq-war.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, United States military_
2. [ At the United Nations US Secretary of State Colin Powell presents the US government's case against the Saddam Hussein government of Iraq, as part of the diplomatic side of the U.S. plan to invade Iraq. The presentation includes tape recordings, satellite photographs and other intelligence data, and aims to prove WMD production, evasion of weapons inspections and a link to Al-Qaida.](/news/2003/02/5/at-the-united-nations-us-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-presents-the-us-government-s-case-against-the-saddam-hussein-government-of-iraq-a.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Colin Powell_
3. [ U.S. plan to invade Iraq: Colin Powell meets with the United Nations Security Council to push for stronger resolutions against Iraq. In a surprise reversal, Iraq tells the United Nations it will allow weapons inspectors "immediately and without condition."](/news/2002/09/16/u-s-plan-to-invade-iraq-colin-powell-meets-with-the-united-nations-security-council-to-push-for-stronger-resolutions-against-iraq-in-a-s.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Colin Powell_
4. [A stalemate between China and India leads to fears that the ongoing stand-off over Doklam in the Himalayas, disputed by Bhutan, may continue into the winter. It comes after rumors that Indian National Security Adviser Ajit Doval may travel to Beijing later this month. "[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/beijing-wont-have-formal-talks-with-india-stand-off-may-continue-till-winter-chinese-expert/articleshow/59615025.cms (Economic Times)]"](/news/2017/07/16/a-stalemate-between-china-and-india-leads-to-fears-that-the-ongoing-stand-off-over-doklam-in-the-himalayas-disputed-by-bhutan-may-continue.md) _Context: Beijing_
5. [Following the death of 22-year-old U.S. student Otto Warmbier, touring firm Young Pioneer Tours, who arranged Otto's visit to North Korea, say they will no longer be taking U.S. citizens to North Korea as the "risk is too high". Beijing-based Koryo Tours say they are reviewing their positions on taking U.S. citizens to the country. ](/news/2017/06/20/following-the-death-of-22-year-old-u-s-student-otto-warmbier-touring-firm-young-pioneer-tours-who-arranged-otto-s-visit-to-north-korea-s.md) _Context: Beijing_
6. [The United States military reports that their investigation found 105 civilians were killed and 36 people are still missing from the bombing of a Mosul building on March 17. ](/news/2017/05/25/the-united-states-military-reports-that-their-investigation-found-105-civilians-were-killed-and-36-people-are-still-missing-from-the-bombing.md) _Context: United States military_
7. [The Government of China begins a two-day summit in Beijing, in an attempt to raise international support for its Belt and Road Initiative. ](/news/2017/05/14/the-government-of-china-begins-a-two-day-summit-in-beijing-in-an-attempt-to-raise-international-support-for-its-belt-and-road-initiative.md) _Context: Beijing_
8. [Prime Minister of Norway Erna Solberg meets with Premier of the People's Republic of China Li Keqiang in Beijing to announce the end of a diplomatic freeze between the countries and the resumption of free trade negotiations between China and Norway. ](/news/2017/04/7/prime-minister-of-norway-erna-solberg-meets-with-premier-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-li-keqiang-in-beijing-to-announce-the-end-of-a-di.md) _Context: Beijing_
9. [Pro-Beijing Hong Kong leader CY Leung says he will quit after his term ends. ](/news/2016/12/9/pro-beijing-hong-kong-leader-cy-leung-says-he-will-quit-after-his-term-ends.md) _Context: Beijing_
10. [Companies shut down production in Beijing and cars are taken off the road after a red alert for smog is issued in northern China. Dozens of cities have closed schools due to the smog. ](/news/2016/12/19/companies-shut-down-production-in-beijing-and-cars-are-taken-off-the-road-after-a-red-alert-for-smog-is-issued-in-northern-china-dozens-of.md) _Context: Beijing_
