### [2002-09-12](/news/2002/09/12/index.md)

#  U.S. plan to invade Iraq: In a speech before the U.N. General Assembly, George W. Bush asserts that Iraq has defied various U.N. resolutions and is "a threat to the authority of the United Nations and a threat to peace". He says that the US will work with the Security Council to draft the necessary resolutions for military action.




### Related:

1. [A private note, due to remain secret despite calls for it to be published by the chairman of the Iraq Inquiry, shows former British prime minister Tony Blair privately assured former American president George W. Bush "you can count on us" before they jointly invaded Iraq prior to the Iraq War. ](/news/2011/01/21/a-private-note-due-to-remain-secret-despite-calls-for-it-to-be-published-by-the-chairman-of-the-iraq-inquiry-shows-former-british-prime-mi.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush_
2. [ "The New York Times" reports that it has seen a memo that shows George W. Bush was determined to go to war at least two months before the 2003 invasion of Iraq. ](/news/2006/03/27/the-new-york-times-reports-that-it-has-seen-a-memo-that-shows-george-w-bush-was-determined-to-go-to-war-at-least-two-months-before-the-2.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush_
3. [ A coalition of citizen groups will ask United States Congress to file a formal "Resolution of Inquiry", the first necessary legal step to determine whether U.S. President George W. Bush has committed impeachable offenses. The request, written by Boston constitutional attorney John C. Bonifaz, cites the Downing Street memo and issues surrounding the planning and execution of the Iraq war. ](/news/2005/05/26/a-coalition-of-citizen-groups-will-ask-united-states-congress-to-file-a-formal-resolution-of-inquiry-the-first-necessary-legal-step-to-d.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush_
4. [ The Bush administration is requesting an additional $80 billion from Congress for Iraq and Afghanistan, bringing the total cost of both operations over $280 billion. ](/news/2005/01/25/the-bush-administration-is-requesting-an-additional-80-billion-from-congress-for-iraq-and-afghanistan-bringing-the-total-cost-of-both-ope.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush_
5. [ Several thousand people marched in Denver, Colorado, to protest the U.S. plan to invade Iraq when President Bush visited the city.](/news/2002/09/27/several-thousand-people-marched-in-denver-colorado-to-protest-the-u-s-plan-to-invade-iraq-when-president-bush-visited-the-city.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush_
6. [ U.S. plan to invade Iraq: White House and Pentagon officials announce that Gen. Tommy Franks presented detailed war plans to President Bush in early September.](/news/2002/09/20/u-s-plan-to-invade-iraq-white-house-and-pentagon-officials-announce-that-gen-tommy-franks-presented-detailed-war-plans-to-president-bush.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush_
7. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump. President-elect Donald Trump names Tom Price as United States Secretary of Health and Human Services; former President George W. Bush Administration official and wife of Mitch McConnell Elaine Chao as United States Secretary of Transportation; ](/news/2016/11/29/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-president-elect-donald-trump-names-tom-price-as-united-states-secretary-of-health-and-human-service.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
8. [NBC Nightly News anchorman Brian Williams begins a temporary hiatus from broadcasting after he was caught lying about having been on board an underfire helicopter which crashed during the 2003 invasion of Iraq. ](/news/2015/02/7/nbc-nightly-news-anchorman-brian-williams-begins-a-temporary-hiatus-from-broadcasting-after-he-was-caught-lying-about-having-been-on-board-a.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq_
9. ["NBC Nightly News" suspends American newsreader Brian Williams from broadcasting for six months for exaggerating a story about his personal experiences on a helicopter during the 2003 invasion of Iraq. ](/news/2015/02/10/nbc-nightly-news-suspends-american-newsreader-brian-williams-from-broadcasting-for-six-months-for-exaggerating-a-story-about-his-personal.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq_
10. [A Gulfstream IV aircraft carrying former President George W. Bush from Philadelphia International Airport to Dallas Love Field is diverted safely to Louisville International Airport when the pilot smells smoke; Bush arrived safely in Dallas early Sunday. ](/news/2013/06/15/a-gulfstream-iv-aircraft-carrying-former-president-george-w-bush-from-philadelphia-international-airport-to-dallas-love-field-is-diverted-s.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
