### [2003-11-18](/news/2003/11/18/index.md)

#  Barry Bonds is selected the National Baseball League's Most Valuable Player, for the third year in a row and the sixth time overall, both records.




### Related:

1. [ An 11-judge panel of the U.S. Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals overturns the 2011 conviction of all-time Major League Baseball home run leader Barry Bonds on obstruction of justice charges stemming from the BALCO doping scandal. ](/news/2015/04/22/an-11-judge-panel-of-the-u-s-ninth-circuit-court-of-appeals-overturns-the-2011-conviction-of-all-time-major-league-baseball-home-run-leade.md) _Context: Barry Bonds_
2. [A lawyer representing Barry Bonds appeals his obstruction of justice charge to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. ](/news/2013/02/13/a-lawyer-representing-barry-bonds-appeals-his-obstruction-of-justice-charge-to-the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-ninth-circuit.md) _Context: Barry Bonds_
3. [Star baseball player Barry Bonds is sentenced to 30 days of home detention on obstruction of justice charges following misleading evidence about steroid use. ](/news/2011/12/16/star-baseball-player-barry-bonds-is-sentenced-to-30-days-of-home-detention-on-obstruction-of-justice-charges-following-misleading-evidence-a.md) _Context: Barry Bonds_
4. [US baseball star Barry Bonds is convicted of obstruction of justice charges with a hung jury on other charges. ](/news/2011/04/13/us-baseball-star-barry-bonds-is-convicted-of-obstruction-of-justice-charges-with-a-hung-jury-on-other-charges.md) _Context: Barry Bonds_
5. [The perjury trial of U.S. baseball star Barry Bonds begins in federal court in San Francisco, California. ](/news/2011/03/21/the-perjury-trial-of-u-s-baseball-star-barry-bonds-begins-in-federal-court-in-san-francisco-california.md) _Context: Barry Bonds_
6. [The Chicago Blackhawks defeat the Philadelphia Flyers 4-3 in overtime to win the 2010 Stanley Cup Finals in six games. Blackhawks' captain Jonathan Toews is awarded the Conn Smythe Trophy as Most Valuable Player. ](/news/2010/06/9/the-chicago-blackhawks-defeat-the-philadelphia-flyers-4-3-in-overtime-to-win-the-2010-stanley-cup-finals-in-six-games-blackhawks-captain-j.md) _Context: Most Valuable Player_
7. [ U.S. federal prosecutors have filed a new indictment against baseball slugger Barry Bonds, charging him with 14 counts of lying to a grand jury and one count of obstruction of justice when he denied knowingly using performance-enhancing drugs. ](/news/2008/05/13/u-s-federal-prosecutors-have-filed-a-new-indictment-against-baseball-slugger-barry-bonds-charging-him-with-14-counts-of-lying-to-a-grand.md) _Context: Barry Bonds_
8. [ Major League Baseball player Barry Bonds is indicted by a federal grand jury in San Francisco for perjury and obstruction of justice, having allegedly lied under oath about his use of steroids. ](/news/2007/11/15/major-league-baseball-player-barry-bonds-is-indicted-by-a-federal-grand-jury-in-san-francisco-for-perjury-and-obstruction-of-justice-havin.md) _Context: Barry Bonds_
9. [ The Boston Red Sox defeat the Cleveland Indians 11-2 winning the 2007 American League Championship Series and going on to meet the Colorado Rockies, the 2007 National League champions, in the 2007 World Series. ](/news/2007/10/21/the-boston-red-sox-defeat-the-cleveland-indians-11-2-winning-the-2007-american-league-championship-series-and-going-on-to-meet-the-colorado.md) _Context: National League_
10. [ Barry Bonds of the San Francisco Giants hits his 756th career home run, passing Hank Aaron as the all-time leader in Major League Baseball. Bonds hits the shot against Washington Nationals pitcher Mike Bacsik in the fifth inning of their game at AT&T Park in San Francisco, California. ](/news/2007/08/7/barry-bonds-of-the-san-francisco-giants-hits-his-756th-career-home-run-passing-hank-aaron-as-the-all-time-leader-in-major-league-baseball.md) _Context: Barry Bonds_
