### [2003-11-18](/news/2003/11/18/index.md)

#  Occupation of Iraq: The United Kingdom is reportedly pushing for a changed approach in Iraq that goes beyond military strategy to reach out to the Iraqi people and the country's neighbours.




### Related:

1. [ Occupation of Iraq: The Islamic extremist group Jaish Ansar al-Sunna has reportedly beheaded U.S. Marine Corporal Wassef Ali Hassoun. The group claims that it will release a videotape recording of the execution in the coming days. ](/news/2004/07/3/occupation-of-iraq-the-islamic-extremist-group-jaish-ansar-al-sunna-has-reportedly-beheaded-u-s-marine-corporal-wassef-ali-hassoun-the-g.md) _Context: Occupation of Iraq_
2. [ Occupation of Iraq: Four U.S. Army soldiers, including 1st. Lt. Jack M. Saville and Sgt. Tracy Perkins, are charged with offenses ranging up to involuntary manslaughter in the January 3 drowning death of an Iraqi detainee whom they reportedly forced to leap into the Tigris from atop a bridge in Samarra. ](/news/2004/07/2/occupation-of-iraq-four-u-s-army-soldiers-including-1st-lt-jack-m-saville-and-sgt-tracy-perkins-are-charged-with-offenses-ranging-u.md) _Context: Occupation of Iraq_
3. [ Iraq Occupation and resistance: The United States formally hands over legal custody of Saddam Hussein to the new Iraqi government. The trial of Saddam Hussein is expected to take place in January. ](/news/2004/06/30/iraq-occupation-and-resistance-the-united-states-formally-hands-over-legal-custody-of-saddam-hussein-to-the-new-iraqi-government-the-tria.md) _Context: Occupation of Iraq_
4. [ The first Dutch soldier dies in the occupation of Iraq. ](/news/2004/05/10/the-first-dutch-soldier-dies-in-the-occupation-of-iraq.md) _Context: Occupation of Iraq_
5. [ Occupation of Iraq: Suicide bombers in two vehicles killed 11 Iraqis and wounded 58 foreign troops and 44 Iraqis near the entrance to a Polish-manned coalition logistics base near the town of Hilla in central Iraq south of Baghdad. ](/news/2004/02/18/occupation-of-iraq-suicide-bombers-in-two-vehicles-killed-11-iraqis-and-wounded-58-foreign-troops-and-44-iraqis-near-the-entrance-to-a-pol.md) _Context: Occupation of Iraq_
6. [ Thousands of protestors in Madrid and other Spanish cities march in opposition to the U.S. occupation of Iraq. The protests mark the one-year anniversary of the large protests against the U.S. invasion of Iraq. ](/news/2004/02/15/thousands-of-protestors-in-madrid-and-other-spanish-cities-march-in-opposition-to-the-u-s-occupation-of-iraq-the-protests-mark-the-one-ye.md) _Context: Occupation of Iraq_
7. [ Occupation of Iraq: At least 20 people are killed in the town of Falluja as up to 50 gunmen attack government buildings, in one of the largest guerrilla attacks so far seen in Iraq.](/news/2004/02/14/occupation-of-iraq-at-least-20-people-are-killed-in-the-town-of-falluja-as-up-to-50-gunmen-attack-government-buildings-in-one-of-the-larg.md) _Context: Occupation of Iraq_
8. [ Occupation of Iraq: South Korea's parliament on Friday approves sending 3,000 troops to Iraq, responding to a call from the United States for military help in restoring stability to Iraq.](/news/2004/02/13/occupation-of-iraq-south-korea-s-parliament-on-friday-approves-sending-3-000-troops-to-iraq-responding-to-a-call-from-the-united-states-f.md) _Context: Occupation of Iraq_
9. [ Occupation of Iraq: General John Abizaid, commander of U.S. forces in the Middle East, escapes injury when his convoy is attacked in Fallujah.](/news/2004/02/12/occupation-of-iraq-general-john-abizaid-commander-of-u-s-forces-in-the-middle-east-escapes-injury-when-his-convoy-is-attacked-in-falluj.md) _Context: Occupation of Iraq_
10. [ Occupation of Iraq: At least 47 people, mostly Iraqi army recruits, are killed by a car bomb in Baghdad in the second major bomb attack in two days.](/news/2004/02/11/occupation-of-iraq-at-least-47-people-mostly-iraqi-army-recruits-are-killed-by-a-car-bomb-in-baghdad-in-the-second-major-bomb-attack-in.md) _Context: Occupation of Iraq_
