### [2003-11-18](/news/2003/11/18/index.md)

#  Protestors in the United Kingdom make preparations for President Bush's state visit to the UK starting Tuesday. More Britons approve of President Bush's visit to the UK than disapprove of it. In an ICM survey for "The Guardian", 43% of those questioned said they welcomed Bush's visit, while 36% said they did not. In the new poll, 62% agreed that the US was "generally speaking, a force for good", while 15% thought it was "an evil empire". The survey contrasted with a poll published last week by Populus for "The Times" newspaper.




### Related:

1. ["The Guardian" reports that U.S. President Donald Trump has postponed his visit to the United Kingdom, according to a U.K. adviser who said Mr. Trump recently telephoned 10 Downing Street with this information. Both Prime Minister Theresa May's office and the White House deny this report. ](/news/2017/06/11/the-guardian-reports-that-u-s-president-donald-trump-has-postponed-his-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-according-to-a-u-k-adviser-who-said.md) _Context: The Guardian_
2. [Republican Greg Gianforte bodyslams a reporter from "The Guardian" who then reports the situation to police. Gianforte is running against Democrat Rob Quist. ](/news/2017/05/24/republican-greg-gianforte-bodyslams-a-reporter-from-the-guardian-who-then-reports-the-situation-to-police-gianforte-is-running-against-de.md) _Context: The Guardian_
3. [President-elect Donald Trump names Tom Price as United States Secretary of Health and Human Services; former President George W. Bush Administration official and wife of Mitch McConnell Elaine Chao as United States Secretary of Transportation; ](/news/2016/11/29/president-elect-donald-trump-names-tom-price-as-united-states-secretary-of-health-and-human-services-former-president-george-w-bush-admini.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
4. [A day after Turkey's president Recep Tayyip Erdogan had harsh words for Russia, Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu, in an essay in the London "Times", says the downing of the Russian jet, "was not -- and is not -- an act against a specific country. ... While the measures to defend our territory will remain in place, Turkey will work with Russia and our allies to calm tensions." ](/news/2015/11/28/a-day-after-turkey-s-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-had-harsh-words-for-russia-turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-in-an-essay-in-the.md) _Context: Times_
5. [A new study shows Greece's six-year austerity program is even affecting prostitution. Gregory Laxos, a sociology professor at the Panteion University in Athens, told the "Times of London" the going rate for sex with a prostitute was 50 euros ($53) when the economic crisis began. Now, it's fallen to as low as two euros ($2.12) for a 30-minute session, or to a cheese pie, a sandwich because they are hungry. ](/news/2015/11/27/a-new-study-shows-greece-s-six-year-austerity-program-is-even-affecting-prostitution-gregory-laxos-a-sociology-professor-at-the-panteion-u.md) _Context: Times_
6. ["The Guardian" publishes articles alleging that the Chicago Police Department have been running a black site at Homan Square for detained Americans; former justice officials call for investigation. The CPD denies the allegations. ](/news/2015/02/26/the-guardian-publishes-articles-alleging-that-the-chicago-police-department-have-been-running-a-black-site-at-homan-square-for-detained-am.md) _Context: The Guardian_
7. [The "Washington Post" and "The Guardian" newspapers win the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service for their stories on the National Security Agency based on leaks from Edward Snowden. ](/news/2014/04/14/the-washington-post-and-the-guardian-newspapers-win-the-pulitzer-prize-for-public-service-for-their-stories-on-the-national-security-age.md) _Context: The Guardian_
8. ["The Guardian" deputy editor Paul Johnson confirms that British law enforcement agencies have threatened to close the newspaper over its role in publishing global surveillance information obtained from U.S. whistleblower Edward Snowden. ](/news/2014/03/26/the-guardian-deputy-editor-paul-johnson-confirms-that-british-law-enforcement-agencies-have-threatened-to-close-the-newspaper-over-its-rol.md) _Context: The Guardian_
9. [Yahoo webcams may have been hijacked by the GCHQ according to leaks in "The Guardian". ](/news/2014/02/27/yahoo-webcams-may-have-been-hijacked-by-the-gchq-according-to-leaks-in-the-guardian.md) _Context: The Guardian_
10. ["The Guardian" reports that the National Security Agency collects data from hundreds of millions of text messages each day. ](/news/2014/01/16/the-guardian-reports-that-the-national-security-agency-collects-data-from-hundreds-of-millions-of-text-messages-each-day.md) _Context: The Guardian_
