### [2003-11-18](/news/2003/11/18/index.md)

#  Santa Barbara County, California, police search the Neverland ranch of pop icon Michael Jackson, looking for evidence to corroborate a 12-year-old boy's complaint that he was sexually molested.




### Related:

1. [A wildfire in Santa Barbara County, California doubles in size overnight to 4,000 acres. The Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Office says mandatory evacuations remain in effect for areas such as El Capitan State Beach. The blaze was currently 5% contained, according to Los Padres National Forest officials. ](/news/2016/06/17/a-wildfire-in-santa-barbara-county-california-doubles-in-size-overnight-to-4-000-acres-the-santa-barbara-county-sheriff-s-office-says-mand.md) _Context: Santa Barbara County, California_
2. [The Vatican commission on sexual abuse announces that Peter Saunders, a sexual abuse survivor from the U.K., is suspended from commission proceedings. "I am not leaving my position," Saunders said, adding only the person who appointed him, the Pope, can dismiss him. ](/news/2016/02/6/the-vatican-commission-on-sexual-abuse-announces-that-peter-saunders-a-sexual-abuse-survivor-from-the-u-k-is-suspended-from-commission-pr.md) _Context: sexual abuse_
3. [Cleanup continues after the Refugio Oil Spill at Refugio State Beach along the coast of Santa Barbara County, California.](/news/2015/05/21/cleanup-continues-after-the-refugio-oil-spill-at-refugio-state-beach-along-the-coast-of-santa-barbara-county-california.md) _Context: Santa Barbara County, California_
4. [Dr Conrad Murray is released from prison in the American city of Los Angeles for involuntary manslaughter in the death of Michael Jackson. ](/news/2013/10/28/dr-conrad-murray-is-released-from-prison-in-the-american-city-of-los-angeles-for-involuntary-manslaughter-in-the-death-of-michael-jackson.md) _Context: Michael Jackson_
5. [The jury in the Michael Jackson Estate vs. AEG Live court case finds AEG Live not guilty of negligence in hiring musician Michael Jackson's physician Conrad Murray. Murray was found guilty of involuntary manslaughter in 2011. ](/news/2013/10/2/the-jury-in-the-michael-jackson-estate-vs-aeg-live-court-case-finds-aeg-live-not-guilty-of-negligence-in-hiring-musician-michael-jackson-s.md) _Context: Michael Jackson_
6. [Paris Jackson, Michael Jackson's daughter, tries to commit suicide by cutting her wrists and overdosing on pills. ](/news/2013/06/5/paris-jackson-michael-jackson-s-daughter-tries-to-commit-suicide-by-cutting-her-wrists-and-overdosing-on-pills.md) _Context: Michael Jackson_
7. [The wrongful death of Michael Jackson trial gets underway with jury selection. ](/news/2013/04/2/the-wrongful-death-of-michael-jackson-trial-gets-underway-with-jury-selection.md) _Context: Michael Jackson_
8. [Scottish Cardinal Keith O'Brien, who resigned last week due to allegations of sexual impropriety, admitted his past sexual misconduct and apologized for it. ](/news/2013/03/3/scottish-cardinal-keith-o-brien-who-resigned-last-week-due-to-allegations-of-sexual-impropriety-admitted-his-past-sexual-misconduct-and-ap.md) _Context: sexual abuse_
9. [Cardinal Keith O'Brien resigns as the Archbishop of St. Andrews and Edinburgh due to allegations of inappropriate sexual behaviour towards priests in the 1980s. ](/news/2013/02/25/cardinal-keith-o-brien-resigns-as-the-archbishop-of-st-andrews-and-edinburgh-due-to-allegations-of-inappropriate-sexual-behaviour-towards-p.md) _Context: sexual abuse_
10. [Former Penn State assistant coach Jerry Sandusky is transferred to State Correctional Institution - Greene in Franklin Township, Pennsylvania, to serve his 30-to-60-year sentence on child sexual abuse charges. ](/news/2012/10/31/former-penn-state-assistant-coach-jerry-sandusky-is-transferred-to-state-correctional-institution-a-greene-in-franklin-township-pennsylva.md) _Context: sexual abuse_
