### [2003-11-18](/news/2003/11/18/index.md)

#  "SCO v. IBM:" SCO Group plans to widen its legal battle against the open-source operating system, stating intent to sue large-scale Linux users for copyright infringement.




### Related:

1. [ "SCO vs IBM": International Business Machines Corp. files new counterclaims against SCO Group Inc. involving the Linux operating system according to a memo sent to the IBM sales force.](/news/2003/09/26/sco-vs-ibm-international-business-machines-corp-files-new-counterclaims-against-sco-group-inc-involving-the-linux-operating-system-acc.md) _Context: Linux, SCO Group, SCO v. IBM, operating system_
2. [ SCO v. IBM: In an open letter to the Linux community published by Silicon Graphics (SGI), SGI states it conducted a comprehensive comparison of the Linux kernel and the UNIX System&nbsp;V source code owned by The SCO Group. According to the letter (authored by SGI Vice President of Software Rich Altmaier), SGI's ""exhaustive comparison"" of the source codes turned up only ""trivial"" code segments that ""may arguably be related"" to SCO's software. The letter also disputed SCO's claims that SGI inappropriately contributed its XFS (eXtensible File System).](/news/2003/10/6/sco-v-ibm-in-an-open-letter-to-the-linux-community-published-by-silicon-graphics-sgi-sgi-states-it-conducted-a-comprehensive-compariso.md) _Context: Linux, SCO Group, SCO v. IBM_
3. [ "SCO v. IBM Linux lawsuit:" SCO Group announces that it intends to sell binary-only licences to use the free Linux operating system which will remove the threat of litigation from licence-holders. Linux advocates react by stating that SCO has no basis for this action, and that doing this may cause SCO to forfeit their rights under the GNU GPL to use or distribute Linux or Linux-derived code in any form. ](/news/2003/07/21/sco-v-ibm-linux-lawsuit-sco-group-announces-that-it-intends-to-sell-binary-only-licences-to-use-the-free-linux-operating-system-which-w.md) _Context: Linux, SCO Group, SCO v. IBM_
4. [ SCO v. IBM Linux lawsuit: Apparently noticing the incongruity of their selling a Linux distribution while suing IBM for stealing their intellectual property and giving it to the developers of that operating system, the SCO Group (formerly Caldera International and Caldera Systems) announces they will no longer distribute Linux. According to their press release, "SCO will continue to support existing SCO Linux and Caldera OpenLinux customers and hold them harmless from any SCO intellectual property issues regarding SCO Linux and Caldera OpenLinux products."](/news/2003/05/14/sco-v-ibm-linux-lawsuit-apparently-noticing-the-incongruity-of-their-selling-a-linux-distribution-while-suing-ibm-for-stealing-their-inte.md) _Context: Linux, SCO v. IBM, operating system_
5. [ Google releases the source code of its open source Operating system Chrome OS. ](/news/2009/11/19/google-releases-the-source-code-of-its-open-source-operating-system-chrome-os.md) _Context: open source, operating system_
6. [ In India, HCL infosystems and Dayanidhi Maran, communications minister, unveil cheap "PC for India" with Linux OS, costing 9990 rupees (equivalent to US$225) ](/news/2005/08/1/in-india-hcl-infosystems-and-dayanidhi-maran-communications-minister-unveil-cheap-pc-for-india-with-linux-os-costing-9990-rupees-equ.md) _Context: Linux, operating system_
7. [ SCO v. IBM: SCO Group widens Unix and Linux lawsuit against IBM. They add a copyright infringement claim to case.](/news/2004/02/5/sco-v-ibm-sco-group-widens-unix-and-linux-lawsuit-against-ibm-they-add-a-copyright-infringement-claim-to-case.md) _Context: Linux, SCO Group_
8. [ The deadline for SCO Group to present evidence "with specificity" in the "SCO v. IBM" lawsuit expires](/news/2004/01/12/the-deadline-for-sco-group-to-present-evidence-with-specificity-in-the-sco-v-ibm-lawsuit-expires.md) _Context: SCO Group, SCO v. IBM_
9. [ "SCO v. IBM": SCO Group claims that it has "low-level talks" with Google about a possible license agreement related to Linux.](/news/2004/01/10/sco-v-ibm-sco-group-claims-that-it-has-low-level-talks-with-google-about-a-possible-license-agreement-related-to-linux.md) _Context: Linux, SCO Group_
10. [ SCO v. IBM: Lawyers representing SCO Group in intellectual property litigation stand to benefit significantly if the company settles lawsuits or is sold.](/news/2003/11/6/sco-v-ibm-lawyers-representing-sco-group-in-intellectual-property-litigation-stand-to-benefit-significantly-if-the-company-settles-lawsui.md) _Context: SCO Group, SCO v. IBM_
