### [2003-11-18](/news/2003/11/18/index.md)

#  The European Union strongly criticises Israel's plans to build the Israeli West Bank barrier encircling Palestinian areas on the West Bank. It also criticises the intensification of suicide attacks by Palestinians and describes Israel's building of settlements in the West Bank as an "obstacle to peace".




### Related:

1. [An Israeli soldier is killed during a car ramming attack near Ofra, in the West Bank. Another Israeli soldier was injured. A Palestinian suspected of committing the attack is taken into custody. ](/news/2017/04/6/an-israeli-soldier-is-killed-during-a-car-ramming-attack-near-ofra-in-the-west-bank-another-israeli-soldier-was-injured-a-palestinian-sus.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, West Bank_
2. [Israeli security forces arrest 16 Palestinian suspects on the West Bank. ](/news/2016/03/31/israeli-security-forces-arrest-16-palestinian-suspects-on-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, West Bank_
3. [Palestinian militants fire 3 rockets into Israel during the night after several violent riots throughout Israel and the West Bank. ](/news/2015/10/10/palestinian-militants-fire-3-rockets-into-israel-during-the-night-after-several-violent-riots-throughout-israel-and-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, West Bank_
4. [8 Palestinians are injured while on restricted lands when their anti-barrier protests are broken up by Israeli forces using live ammunition and tear gas among other agents to disperse the protesters. ](/news/2011/02/19/8-palestinians-are-injured-while-on-restricted-lands-when-their-anti-barrier-protests-are-broken-up-by-israeli-forces-using-live-ammunition.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, barrier_
5. [ An American demonstrator from the International Solidarity Movement is critically wounded by Israel's Defense Forces at the West Bank barrier. ](/news/2009/03/13/an-american-demonstrator-from-the-international-solidarity-movement-is-critically-wounded-by-israel-s-defense-forces-at-the-west-bank-barri.md) _Context: Israel, West Bank, barrier_
6. [ Israeli troops kill a Palestinian shopkeeper and seriously injure another in the West Bank town of Nablus. ](/news/2007/06/2/israeli-troops-kill-a-palestinian-shopkeeper-and-seriously-injure-another-in-the-west-bank-town-of-nablus.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, West Bank_
7. [ Israeli forces detain Palestinian Deputy Prime Minister Nasser al-Shaer in a raid on his home in the West Bank town of Ramallah. ](/news/2006/08/19/israeli-forces-detain-palestinian-deputy-prime-minister-nasser-al-shaer-in-a-raid-on-his-home-in-the-west-bank-town-of-ramallah.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, West Bank_
8. [ Israeli government puts off an offensive to the northern Gaza Strip, and freezes military operations in the southern Gaza strip, to allow further time for diplomatic negotiations. There have been no Palestinian fatalities in two days of Israeli operations in the Gaza Strip and West Bank. ](/news/2006/06/29/israeli-government-puts-off-an-offensive-to-the-northern-gaza-strip-and-freezes-military-operations-in-the-southern-gaza-strip-to-allow-f.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, West Bank_
9. [ Two Israeli teenage girls escape kidnapping attempt in the West Bank. Three Palestinian suspects armed with a pistol are arrested soon afterwards.](/news/2006/06/15/two-israeli-teenage-girls-escape-kidnapping-attempt-in-the-west-bank-three-palestinian-suspects-armed-with-a-pistol-are-arrested-soon-afte.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, West Bank_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A Palestinian stone thrower is shot in the head and killed by Israeli troops raiding the West Bank city of Nablus. At least ten other Palestinians were injured by the IDF troops while two Israeli soldiers were injured by a bomb during the raid. ](/news/2005/12/13/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-palestinian-stone-thrower-is-shot-in-the-head-and-killed-by-israeli-troops-raiding-the-west-bank-city-of-na.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, West Bank_
