### [2011-05-9](/news/2011/05/9/index.md)

# Ali Gomaa, the Islamic Grand Mufti of Egypt, warns of the potential of civil war because of "outlaws who want to defy the authority of the state". 




### Source:

1. [Al Arabiya and AFP](http://english.alarabiya.net/articles/2011/05/10/148490.html)

### Related:

1. [ Egypt's top Islamic authority, Grand Mufti Ali Gomaa, defends women's rights to wear trousers in public following the high-profile court case in neighbouring Sudan where women, including Lubna al-Hussein, were flogged for dressing in the garments. ](/news/2009/09/17/egypt-s-top-islamic-authority-grand-mufti-ali-gomaa-defends-women-s-rights-to-wear-trousers-in-public-following-the-high-profile-court-ca.md) _Context: Ali Gomaa, Egypt, Grand Mufti, Islam_
2. [Egyptian authorities release blogger Kareem Amer who was imprisoned for four years for insulting Islam and defaming President Hosni Mubarak. ](/news/2010/11/18/egyptian-authorities-release-blogger-kareem-amer-who-was-imprisoned-for-four-years-for-insulting-islam-and-defaming-president-hosni-mubarak.md) _Context: Egypt, Islam_
3. [ Abdel Kareem Soliman is convicted of insulting Islam and Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak on his weblog and is sentenced to four years in prison. ](/news/2007/02/22/abdel-kareem-soliman-is-convicted-of-insulting-islam-and-egyptian-president-hosni-mubarak-on-his-weblog-and-is-sentenced-to-four-years-in-p.md) _Context: Egypt, Islam_
4. [ In Saudi Arabia, Grand Mufti Sheikh Abdul Aziz al-Sheikh rules that forcing women marry against their will is against Islam. ](/news/2005/04/12/in-saudi-arabia-grand-mufti-sheikh-abdul-aziz-al-sheikh-rules-that-forcing-women-marry-against-their-will-is-against-islam.md) _Context: Grand Mufti, Islam_
5. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Egypt_
6. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Egypt_
7. [The Bahrain News Agency publishes an official list of the demands from Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt towards Qatar. Turkey says the demands on Qatar are unlawful. ](/news/2017/06/25/the-bahrain-news-agency-publishes-an-official-list-of-the-demands-from-saudi-arabia-bahrain-the-united-arab-emirates-and-egypt-towards-qat.md) _Context: Egypt_
8. [Gunmen open fire on buses carrying Coptic Christians in Minya Governorate, Egypt, killing at least 28 people and injuring dozens more. ](/news/2017/05/26/gunmen-open-fire-on-buses-carrying-coptic-christians-in-minya-governorate-egypt-killing-at-least-28-people-and-injuring-dozens-more.md) _Context: Egypt_
9. [The Supreme Court of India begins hearings on whether oral divorce is a fundamental right of Islam. ](/news/2017/05/11/the-supreme-court-of-india-begins-hearings-on-whether-oral-divorce-is-a-fundamental-right-of-islam.md) _Context: Islam_
10. [At least 45 people have been killed and 50 injured in explosions near two Coptic Christian churches packed with worshippers on Palm Sunday in the Egyptian cities of Tanta and Alexandria. ](/news/2017/04/9/at-least-45-people-have-been-killed-and-50-injured-in-explosions-near-two-coptic-christian-churches-packed-with-worshippers-on-palm-sunday-i.md) _Context: Egypt_
