### [2011-05-9](/news/2011/05/9/index.md)

# Floods in Mississippi worsen, with the Army Corps of Engineers saying an area between Simmesport, Louisiana and Baton Rouge may be inundated under 20-30 feet of water. 

People are using social media to document the Mississippi River floods, as well as to spread important news among citizens


### Source:

1. [CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-504943_162-20061179-10391715.html)

### Related:

1. [2011 Mississippi River floods:Mississippi River flooding worsens, with the Army Corps of Engineers saying an area between Simmesport, Louisiana and Baton Rouge will be submerged 20-30 feet, and 13% of US oil refinery output disrupted. ](/news/2011/05/10/2011-mississippi-river-floods-pmississippi-river-flooding-worsens-with-the-army-corps-of-engineers-saying-an-area-between-simmesport-louis.md) _Context: Baton Rouge, Simmesport, Louisiana, United States Army Corps of Engineers, flooding_
2. [Travel on the Mississippi River is closed for five miles near the US city of Baton Rouge, Louisiana due to flooding. ](/news/2011/05/20/travel-on-the-mississippi-river-is-closed-for-five-miles-near-the-us-city-of-baton-rouge-louisiana-due-to-flooding.md) _Context: Baton Rouge, flooding_
3. [Floods in North America:The Morganza Spillway on the Mississippi River has been opened for the first time in 37 years, deliberately flooding 3,000 square miles of rural Louisiana to save most of Baton Rouge and New Orleans. ](/news/2011/05/15/floods-in-north-america-pthe-morganza-spillway-on-the-mississippi-river-has-been-opened-for-the-first-time-in-37-years-deliberately-floodin.md) _Context: Baton Rouge, flooding_
4. [Flooding in North America:The Morganza Spillway on the Mississippi River is opened for the second time in its history, deliberately flooding {{convert|3,000|sqmi|km2}} of rural Louisiana and placing a nuclear power plant at risk to save most of Baton Rouge and New Orleans. ](/news/2011/05/14/flooding-in-north-america-pthe-morganza-spillway-on-the-mississippi-river-is-opened-for-the-second-time-in-its-history-deliberately-floodin.md) _Context: Baton Rouge, flooding_
5. [Multiple tornadoes tear through New Orleans, Baton Rouge, and other parts of  southeastern Louisiana, injuring at least 20 people; no deaths have been reported. The severe weather also delivers heavy rain and hail in Mississippi and Alabama.  ](/news/2017/02/7/multiple-tornadoes-tear-through-new-orleans-baton-rouge-and-other-parts-of-southeastern-louisiana-injuring-at-least-20-people-no-deaths.md) _Context: Baton Rouge_
6. [The United States Army Corps of Engineers denies a permit for Energy Transfer Partners planned Dakota Access Pipeline running through North Dakota and will begin exploring alternative routes for the pipeline following weeks of protests. ](/news/2016/12/4/the-united-states-army-corps-of-engineers-denies-a-permit-for-energy-transfer-partners-planned-dakota-access-pipeline-running-through-north.md) _Context: United States Army Corps of Engineers_
7. [Groups of U.S. military veterans join the protest as human shields against possible clashes between demonstrators and law enforcement when the United States Army Corps of Engineers' eviction deadline expires on Monday. They are building barracks for shelter in North Dakota's winter weather. ](/news/2016/12/3/groups-of-u-s-military-veterans-join-the-protest-as-human-shields-against-possible-clashes-between-demonstrators-and-law-enforcement-when-t.md) _Context: United States Army Corps of Engineers_
8. [Protests occur in the city of Baton Rouge, Louisiana, U.S., after a man, Alton Sterling is fatally shot by a police officer. ](/news/2016/07/5/protests-occur-in-the-city-of-baton-rouge-louisiana-u-s-after-a-man-alton-sterling-is-fatally-shot-by-a-police-officer.md) _Context: Baton Rouge_
9. [At least three Baton Rouge Police Department officers are shot dead and several others are wounded by a gunman in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. ](/news/2016/07/17/at-least-three-baton-rouge-police-department-officers-are-shot-dead-and-several-others-are-wounded-by-a-gunman-in-baton-rouge-louisiana.md) _Context: Baton Rouge_
10. [The Louisiana State University (LSU) main campus at Baton Rouge, Louisiana, is evacuated after a bomb threat. It is not clear at this time whether it is related to the two previous similar incidents the previous Friday at the University of Texas at Austin (UT) in Austin, Texas, and North Dakota State University (NDSU) in Fargo, North Dakota. ](/news/2012/09/17/the-louisiana-state-university-lsu-main-campus-at-baton-rouge-louisiana-is-evacuated-after-a-bomb-threat-it-is-not-clear-at-this-time-w.md) _Context: Baton Rouge_
