### [2010-03-28](/news/2010/03/28/index.md)

# The BBC reports it has found evidence of a massacre which occurred in Democratic Republic of Congo last December in which at least 321 people, including children, were killed. Human Rights Watch calls it "one of the worst massacres carried out by the LRA". 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/8587305.stm)

### Related:

1. [Human Rights Watch accuses the northern Ugandan Lord's Resistance Army of abducting and forcing the recruitment of at least 697 people during the last year and a half across central Africa. ](/news/2010/08/12/human-rights-watch-accuses-the-northern-ugandan-lord-s-resistance-army-of-abducting-and-forcing-the-recruitment-of-at-least-697-people-durin.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch, Lord's Resistance Army_
2. [ Human Rights Watch releases a video showing South Sudanese Vice President Dr. Riek Machar Teny Dhurgon bribing cult and rebel leader Joseph Kony and his second-in-command Vincent Otti of the Lord's Resistance Army to not attack southern Sudanese citizens. ](/news/2006/06/3/human-rights-watch-releases-a-video-showing-south-sudanese-vice-president-dr-riek-machar-teny-dhurgon-bribing-cult-and-rebel-leader-joseph.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch, Lord's Resistance Army_
3. [ Uganda Human Rights Commission, in its 2004 report, states that at least 4,000 children who were among the tens of thousands abducted by the Lord's Resistance Army rebels cannot be traced. This estimate is much lower than the previous estimate of 20,000 kidnapped children released by the most recent Human Rights Watch report. The UHRC accuses the Uganda People's Defence Forces (UPDF) of torturing the Acholi people of northern Uganda through brutal methods to extract information or to instill discipline in suspects. ](/news/2005/10/8/uganda-human-rights-commission-in-its-2004-report-states-that-at-least-4-000-children-who-were-among-the-tens-of-thousands-abducted-by-th.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch, Lord's Resistance Army_
4. [ The Ugandan Army is deploying troops to West Nile in readiness for an imminent military combat against the Lord's Resistance Army at the border with the Democratic Republic of Congo. ](/news/2005/10/2/the-ugandan-army-is-deploying-troops-to-west-nile-in-readiness-for-an-imminent-military-combat-against-the-lord-s-resistance-army-at-the-bo.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo, Lord's Resistance Army_
5. [Jodie Whittaker has been announced to be replacing Peter Capaldi as the thirteenth incarnation of The Doctor, becoming the first woman to take the lead role of the BBC's long-running science fiction television series, "Doctor Who". ](/news/2017/07/16/jodie-whittaker-has-been-announced-to-be-replacing-peter-capaldi-as-the-thirteenth-incarnation-of-the-doctor-becoming-the-first-woman-to-ta.md) _Context: BBC_
6. [Kamwina Nsapu rebellion. The United Nations MONUSCO reports that 20 Chowe-Pende community members have been killed in clashes with the Lulua-Luba community in Kasai-Central, Democratic Republic of Congo. ](/news/2017/04/26/kamwina-nsapu-rebellion-the-united-nations-monusco-reports-that-20-chowe-pende-community-members-have-been-killed-in-clashes-with-the-lulua.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo_
7. [Presidency of Donald Trump. The Trump White House bars "The New York Times", CNN, the "Los Angeles Times", the "New York Daily News", "The Hill", the "Daily Mail", BBC, Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as Breitbart News, One America News Network, and "The Washington Times". Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News, "The Wall Street Journal", Bloomberg News, and Fox News. "Time" magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to in protest. The White House Correspondents- Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House-s actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/presidency-of-donald-trump-the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-h.md) _Context: BBC_
8. [Israel denies entry to Omar Shakir, a researcher for Human Rights Watch and an American citizen, because the organization engages in so-called Palestinian propaganda. HRW's Sari Bashi said, "This Israeli government has been narrowing the space for democratic activity," by closing the country off to critics. Later, the Israel government would grant Mr. Shakir a tourist visa while considering HRW's appeal on the work visa. ](/news/2017/02/24/israel-denies-entry-to-omar-shakir-a-researcher-for-human-rights-watch-and-an-american-citizen-because-the-organization-engages-in-so-call.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch_
9. [LaMia Airlines Flight 2933. The BBC reports that leaked audio recordings of air traffic tower tapes indicate that the LaMia Airlines flight was running out of fuel near the Colombian city of Medellin. ](/news/2016/11/30/lamia-airlines-flight-2933-the-bbc-reports-that-leaked-audio-recordings-of-air-traffic-tower-tapes-indicate-that-the-lamia-airlines-flight.md) _Context: BBC_
10. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Human Rights Watch says that Kurdish Regional Government forces have destroyed Arab homes and villages in northern Iraq in what may amount to a war crime. ](/news/2016/11/13/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-human-rights-watch-says-that-kurdish-regional-government-forces-have-destroyed-arab-homes-and-villages-in.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch_
