### [2016-04-17](/news/2016/04/17/index.md)

# Brazil's Chamber of Deputies votes overwhelmingly (367-137) in favor of impeachment procedures against President Dilma Rousseff. 

By Maria Carolina Marcello and Alonso Soto BRASILIA (Reuters) - Brazil&#x27;s leftist President Dilma Rousseff suffered a humiliating loss in a crucial impeachment vote in the lower house of Congress on Sunday and is almost certain to be forced from office months before the nation hosts the Olympics.


### Source:

1. [Reuters via Yahoo! News](https://ca.news.yahoo.com/brazils-rousseff-loses-crucial-impeachment-vote-congress-015138598--business.html)

### Related:

1. [A committee of Brazil's Chamber of Deputies votes 38-27 to recommend the impeachment of President Dilma Rousseff, who faces charges of breaking budget laws to support her re-election in 2014. ](/news/2016/04/11/a-committee-of-brazil-s-chamber-of-deputies-votes-38-27-to-recommend-the-impeachment-of-president-dilma-rousseff-who-faces-charges-of-break.md) _Context: Brazil's Chamber of Deputies, Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff, Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff_
2. [Brazil's Federal Senate begins the impeachment trial of suspended President Dilma Rousseff. ](/news/2016/08/25/brazil-s-federal-senate-begins-the-impeachment-trial-of-suspended-president-dilma-rousseff.md) _Context: Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff, Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff_
3. [Brazil's Federal Senate votes 59 to 21 to indict suspended President Dilma Rousseff on charges of breaking budget laws and put her on trial. ](/news/2016/08/10/brazil-s-federal-senate-votes-59-to-21-to-indict-suspended-president-dilma-rousseff-on-charges-of-breaking-budget-laws-and-put-her-on-trial.md) _Context: Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff, Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff_
4. [Acting on a request from Brazil's top prosecutor, Supreme Court Justice Teori Zavascki suspends President of the Deputies Chamber Eduardo Cunha for obstructing the Petrobras corruption investigation. The full court confirms this action, Cunha is eliminated from the line of succession to President Dilma Rousseff, who may be suspended from office next week. ](/news/2016/05/5/acting-on-a-request-from-brazil-s-top-prosecutor-supreme-court-justice-teori-zavascki-suspends-president-of-the-deputies-chamber-eduardo-cu.md) _Context: Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff, Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff_
5. [The Brazilian Senate votes (55-22) to begin the impeachment process against the President of Brazil Dilma Rousseff and suspend her from office while the trial takes place. ](/news/2016/05/12/the-brazilian-senate-votes-55-22-to-begin-the-impeachment-process-against-the-president-of-brazil-dilma-rousseff-and-suspend-her-from-offi.md) _Context: Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff, Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff_
6. [The Federal Senate of Brazil debates whether to suspend and impeach President Dilma Rousseff  for allegedly breaching budget rules. The President's allies are not optimistic about the Senate vote. ](/news/2016/05/11/the-federal-senate-of-brazil-debates-whether-to-suspend-and-impeach-president-dilma-rousseff-for-allegedly-breaching-budget-rules-the-pres.md) _Context: Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff, Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff_
7. [Marco Aurelio Mello, a Supreme Federal Court judge orders Brazil's Chamber of Deputies to start impeachment proceedings against Vice President Michel Temer over charges he helped doctor budget accounting as part of President Dilma Rousseff's administration. ](/news/2016/04/5/marco-aura-c-lio-mello-a-supreme-federal-court-judge-orders-brazil-s-chamber-of-deputies-to-start-impeachment-proceedings-against-vice-presid.md) _Context: Brazil's Chamber of Deputies, Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff_
8. [The Supreme Federal Court of Brazil rejects a bid by the Attorney General to suspend a vote in the parliament to begin impeachment procedures against the President Dilma Rousseff. ](/news/2016/04/15/the-supreme-federal-court-of-brazil-rejects-a-bid-by-the-attorney-general-to-suspend-a-vote-in-the-parliament-to-begin-impeachment-procedure.md) _Context: Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff, Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff_
9. [Brazil President Dilma Rousseff says she will not resign under any circumstances because she hadn't committed a crime, and equated a bid to impeach her to a coup d'etat against democratic rule.  A congressional impeachment committee has started hearings.  Rousseff could be suspended if the Chamber of Deputies approves the motion to impeach. The president urged the Supreme Court to remain impartial in this political crisis.   ](/news/2016/03/22/brazil-president-dilma-rousseff-says-she-will-not-resign-under-any-circumstances-because-she-hadn-t-committed-a-crime-and-equated-a-bid-to.md) _Context: Brazil's Chamber of Deputies, Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff_
10. [Brazil's lower house of Congress opens impeachment proceedings against President Dilma Rousseff over a corruption scandal involving the state-owned oil giant, Petrobras. ](/news/2015/12/2/brazil-s-lower-house-of-congress-opens-impeachment-proceedings-against-president-dilma-rousseff-over-a-corruption-scandal-involving-the-stat.md) _Context: Brazil's Chamber of Deputies, Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff_
