### [2016-04-17](/news/2016/04/17/index.md)

# The President of Myanmar Htin Kyaw pardons 83 political prisoners. A total of 282 people accused of political crimes have been released or had charges dropped since the new National League for Democracy government gained power on April 1. 

Myanmar&#39;s new president will continue releasing political prisoners. The latest releases still leave dozens of political prisoners locked up, with hundreds of others facing charges brought by the previous government.


### Source:

1. [Deutsche Welle,](http://www.dw.com/en/myanmars-new-president-htin-kyaw-to-continue-releasing-prisoners/a-19193761)
2. [Reuters](http://news.trust.org/item/20160417051807-tpd0x)
2. [Cover Image](http://www.dw.com/image/19151520_304.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Three candidates are put forward to become President of Myanmar: Htin Kyaw and Sai Nyunt Lwin from the National League for Democracy and Khin Aung Myint from the military. ](/news/2016/03/10/three-candidates-are-put-forward-to-become-president-of-myanmar-htin-kyaw-and-sai-nyunt-lwin-from-the-national-league-for-democracy-and-khi.md) _Context: Htin Kyaw, Myanmar's president's office, National League for Democracy_
2. [The Myanmar Assembly of the Union, or parliament, selects Htin Kyaw as the new President. Kyaw, a confidant of Aung San Suu Kyi, will be the first civilian president in decades. Suu Kyi, a Nobel Peace Prize recipient, is constitutionally barred from the office. ](/news/2016/03/15/the-myanmar-assembly-of-the-union-or-parliament-selects-htin-kyaw-as-the-new-president-kyaw-a-confidant-of-aung-san-suu-kyi-will-be-the.md) _Context: Htin Kyaw, Myanmar's president's office_
3. [Myanmar's democracy icon Aung San Suu Kyi discusses the smooth transfer of power to her National League for Democracy (NLD) party with President Thein Sein, their first public meeting since the November election. The new administration will be sworn in early next year. ](/news/2015/12/2/myanmar-s-democracy-icon-aung-san-suu-kyi-discusses-the-smooth-transfer-of-power-to-her-national-league-for-democracy-nld-party-with-presi.md) _Context: Myanmar's president's office, National League for Democracy_
4. [Myanmar president Thein Sein says his government and the military, which gave up power only five years ago, will respect the results of Sunday's historic elections that are expected to be won by opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi's NLD party. ](/news/2015/11/7/myanmar-president-thein-sein-says-his-government-and-the-military-which-gave-up-power-only-five-years-ago-will-respect-the-results-of-sund.md) _Context: Myanmar's president's office, National League for Democracy_
5. [Myanmar opposition leader and Nobel Laureate Aung San Suu Kyi says she would be "above the president" if her National League for Democracy party (NLD) gets the expected win in the Sunday, November 8, 2015, election. The 2008 constitution, drafted by the military without NLD participation, bars her from becoming President. ](/news/2015/11/5/myanmar-opposition-leader-and-nobel-laureate-aung-san-suu-kyi-says-she-would-be-above-the-president-if-her-national-league-for-democracy-p.md) _Context: Myanmar's president's office, National League for Democracy_
6. [Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak leads a protest rally against the persecution of Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority in the predominately Buddhist country, and calls on Myanmar State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi and the United Nations to address the Rohingya's plight and end the violence. Myanmar's president's office said the rally is timed for Malaysian political purposes, and that Malaysia should respect the Association of Southeast Asian Nations's principle on sovereignty. ](/news/2016/12/4/malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-leads-a-protest-rally-against-the-persecution-of-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority-in-the-predominatel.md) _Context: Myanmar's president's office_
7. [In Myanmar's capital Naypyidaw, Htin Kyaw is sworn in by House Speaker Mahn Win Khaing Than as the first civilian president in 54 years. Htin Kyaw, a close aide to Aung San Suu Kyi, takes power from former general Thein Sein. ](/news/2016/03/30/in-myanmar-s-capital-naypyidaw-htin-kyaw-is-sworn-in-by-house-speaker-mahn-win-khaing-than-as-the-first-civilian-president-in-54-years-hti.md) _Context: Htin Kyaw_
8. [Myanmar's new parliament, in its first legislative act, votes (611-3) to eliminate 15 government ministries. President-elect Htin Kyaw says by eliminating the ministers' salaries, the nation will save $4 million over five years. No civil servants will lose their jobs. ](/news/2016/03/21/myanmar-s-new-parliament-in-its-first-legislative-act-votes-611-3-to-eliminate-15-government-ministries-president-elect-htin-kyaw-says.md) _Context: Htin Kyaw_
9. [The Assembly of the Union for Myanmar meets with Aung San Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy having the majority for the first time. ](/news/2016/02/1/the-assembly-of-the-union-for-myanmar-meets-with-aung-san-suu-kyi-s-national-league-for-democracy-having-the-majority-for-the-first-time.md) _Context: National League for Democracy_
10. [Myanmar's ruling Union Solidarity and Development Party (USDP) concedes defeat in Sunday's first free nationwide election in a quarter of a century. Aung San Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy (NLD), which has won 49 of the first 54 declared seats for the 330-seat lower house, appears headed for a landslide victory that would ensure it forms the next government. ](/news/2015/11/9/myanmar-s-ruling-union-solidarity-and-development-party-usdp-concedes-defeat-in-sunday-s-first-free-nationwide-election-in-a-quarter-of-a.md) _Context: National League for Democracy_
