### [2007-06-17](/news/2007/06/17/index.md)

#  Mahmoud Abbas, president of the Palestinian National Authority, outlaws armed factions of Hamas. 




### Source:

1. [CTV](http://www.ctv.ca/servlet/ArticleNews/story/CTVNews/20070616/hamas_rule_070617/20070616?hub=World)

### Related:

1. [Palestinian National Authority President Mahmoud Abbas says that general elections in September would be canceled if Hamas refused to allow voting in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2011/02/17/palestinian-national-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-says-that-general-elections-in-september-would-be-canceled-if-hamas-refused-to-allow.md) _Context: Hamas, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President_
2. [Hamas' interior ministry executes three Palestinians in Gaza, without the approval of the President of the Palestinian National Authority, Mahmoud Abbas. ](/news/2010/05/18/hamas-interior-ministry-executes-three-palestinians-in-gaza-without-the-approval-of-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-m.md) _Context: Hamas, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President_
3. [ President of the Palestinian National Authority Mahmoud Abbas states in a speech that "we have to bring down" Hamas. ](/news/2007/11/15/president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-mahmoud-abbas-states-in-a-speech-that-we-have-to-bring-down-hamas.md) _Context: Hamas, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President_
4. [ 2007 Israel-Gaza conflict: Hamas militants are considering lighter ceasefire terms offered by Fatah, specifically Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas. They are giving Israel until May 27 to respond to this agreement, that would only end Israeli operations in the Gaza Strip. Hamas has said, however, that they are not completely committed to their offer. Israeli attack helicopters launch missile strikes on a various facilities, including a security facility near Palestinian Prime Minister Haniyeh's home. At least three people are injured by the air strikes. ](/news/2007/05/26/2007-israel-gaza-conflict-p-hamas-militants-are-considering-lighter-ceasefire-terms-offered-by-fatah-specifically-palestinian-president-ma.md) _Context: Hamas, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President_
5. [ Hamas-Fatah conflict:  Masked gunmen kill an officer of an elite force loyal to the President of PNA Mahmoud Abbas in a dawn raid on a Gaza training camp as tensions worsen between Hamas and Fatah. ](/news/2006/12/17/hamas-fatah-conflict-p-masked-gunmen-kill-an-officer-of-an-elite-force-loyal-to-the-president-of-pna-mahmoud-abbas-in-a-dawn-raid-on-a-gaz.md) _Context: Hamas, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President_
6. [ Hamas announces the formation of its new cabinet to govern the territory under the control of the Palestinian Authority. Hamas, however, in a last-ditch effort to include the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine in the government, postponed by one day the submission of the new cabinet to the approval of PNA President Mahmoud Abbas.  ](/news/2006/03/18/hamas-announces-the-formation-of-its-new-cabinet-to-govern-the-territory-under-the-control-of-the-palestinian-authority-hamas-however-in.md) _Context: Hamas, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President_
7. [Palestinian rioters set fire to the building containing Joseph's Tomb in the West Bank city of Nablus causing heavy damage to the structure before the fire is put out. Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas condemns the attack. ](/news/2015/10/16/palestinian-rioters-set-fire-to-the-building-containing-joseph-s-tomb-in-the-west-bank-city-of-nablus-causing-heavy-damage-to-the-structure.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President_
8. [Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the State of Palestine, announces a unity cabinet containing members of both Fatah and Hamas. ](/news/2014/06/2/mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-state-of-palestine-announces-a-unity-cabinet-containing-members-of-both-fatah-and-hamas.md) _Context: Hamas, Mahmoud Abbas_
9. [Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian National Authority, accepts the resignation of Prime Minister Rami Hamdallah who had offered his resignation on Thursday. ](/news/2013/06/23/mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-accepts-the-resignation-of-prime-minister-rami-hamdallah-who-had-offered.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President_
10. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry meets Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas in Ramallah and urges him to restart peace talks, before holding talks with the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. ](/news/2013/04/8/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-in-ramallah-and-urges-him-to-restart-peace-t.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President_
