### [2012-01-16](/news/2012/01/16/index.md)

# European sovereign debt crisis:: The Standard & Poors credit rating agency lowers its long-term credit rating on the European Financial Stability Facility, the eurozone's bailout fund to help indebted European countries with their finances, from AAA to AA+ following the downgrade of France and Austria, who are two of the fund's backers. 




### Source:

1. [FT](http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/66647cd2-4068-11e1-8fcd-00144feab49a.html#axzz1jeo9F5vM)

### Related:

1. [European sovereign debt crisis:: The Standard & Poor's credit rating agency lowers its long-term credit ratings on the eurozone countries of Cyprus, Italy, Portugal, and Spain by two notches each and Austria, France, Malta, Slovakia, and Slovenia by one notch each. ](/news/2012/01/13/european-sovereign-debt-crisis-the-standard-poor-s-credit-rating-agency-lowers-its-long-term-credit-ratings-on-the-eurozone-countries-of.md) _Context: Austria, European sovereign-debt crisis, Eurozone, France_
2. [Moody's Investors Service downgrades the credit ratings of several European Union members including Italy, Malta, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia and Spain and issues a negative outlook for the ratings of Austria, France and the United Kingdom. ](/news/2012/02/13/moody-s-investors-service-downgrades-the-credit-ratings-of-several-european-union-members-including-italy-malta-portugal-slovakia-sloven.md) _Context: Austria, France, credit rating_
3. [European migrant crisis: Germany's refugee crisis coordinator Peter Altmaier says, in an interview with German magazine "Focus", that he and Austrian special minister Josef Ostermayer are working on a proposal for a common European asylum law. He added other countries such as France and The Netherlands would be approached soon. ](/news/2015/12/19/european-migrant-crisis-germany-s-refugee-crisis-coordinator-peter-altmaier-says-in-an-interview-with-german-magazine-focus-that-he-and.md) _Context: Austria, France_
4. [Vienna Conference on Syria: Syrian Civil War: Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/vienna-conference-on-syria-syrian-civil-war-iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-represen.md) _Context: Austria, France_
5. [The Eurozone moves out of 18 months of recession because of Germany and France. There was a growth rate of 0.3% in the June quarter. ](/news/2013/08/14/the-eurozone-moves-out-of-18-months-of-recession-because-of-germany-and-france-there-was-a-growth-rate-of-0-3-in-the-june-quarter.md) _Context: Eurozone, France_
6. [2013 mass surveillance scandal: Bolivia summons the ambassadors of France, Spain and Portugal to explain why their countries blocked President Evo Morales' official jet "en route" to land on the Eurozone last week, amid orders to be searched if Edward Snowden was on board. ](/news/2013/07/8/2013-mass-surveillance-scandal-bolivia-summons-the-ambassadors-of-france-spain-and-portugal-to-explain-why-their-countries-blocked-preside.md) _Context: Eurozone, France_
7. [NSA spying scandal: Bolivian president Evo Morales calls the Eurozone for a violation of international law and threatens to close down the U.S. embassy in Bolivia after the episode of having his official airplane being refused to land "en route" to Vienna, amid suspicions of having former NSA employee Edward Snowden on board. Ambassadors of France, Italy, Spain and Portugal are summoned to give full explanations.](/news/2013/07/5/nsa-spying-scandal-bolivian-president-evo-morales-calls-the-eurozone-for-a-violation-of-international-law-and-threatens-to-close-down-the-u.md) _Context: Eurozone, France_
8. [The Eurozone records its sixth straight quarter of recession with France, Italy and Spain all recording negative growth and Germany growing weakly. ](/news/2013/05/15/the-eurozone-records-its-sixth-straight-quarter-of-recession-with-france-italy-and-spain-all-recording-negative-growth-and-germany-growing.md) _Context: Eurozone, France_
9. [Moody's Investor Services cuts Greece's credit rating to C claiming that there is a still a significant risk of default despite the Eurozone bailout. ](/news/2012/03/2/moody-s-investor-services-cuts-greece-s-credit-rating-to-c-claiming-that-there-is-a-still-a-significant-risk-of-default-despite-the-eurozone.md) _Context: Eurozone, credit rating_
10. [Credit rating agency Moody's downgrades the ratings of France's three biggest banks, Credit Agricole, BNP Paribas and Societe Generale. ](/news/2011/12/9/credit-rating-agency-moody-s-downgrades-the-ratings-of-france-s-three-biggest-banks-cra-c-dit-agricole-bnp-paribas-and-socia-c-ta-c-ga-c-na-c-rale.md) _Context: France, credit rating_
