### [2012-01-16](/news/2012/01/16/index.md)

# The English Wikipedia will be shut down on Wednesday in protest against anti-piracy legislation proposed by the United States Congress. 




### Source:

1. [Wikimedia Foundation](http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/English_Wikipedia_anti-SOPA_blackout)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/technology/2012/jan/16/wikipedia-sopa-blackout-slammed-twitter?newsfeed=true)

### Related:

1. [Protests against Stop Online Piracy Act and Protect IP Act:Several major websites, including Reddit and the English Wikipedia, undergo blackouts in protest against controversial internet legislation proposed by the United States Congress. The two pieces of legislation in question are designed to combat online piracy, but are feared to inadvertently threaten online innovation and freedom of speech. ](/news/2012/01/18/protests-against-stop-online-piracy-act-and-protect-ip-act-pseveral-major-websites-including-reddit-and-the-english-wikipedia-undergo-blac.md) _Context: English Wikipedia, SOPA, U.S. Congress_
2. [U.S. Congress passes a bill that mandates NASA send humans to Mars by 2033. ](/news/2017/03/8/u-s-congress-passes-a-bill-that-mandates-nasa-send-humans-to-mars-by-2033.md) _Context: U.S. Congress_
3. [The United States House of Representatives votes in favor of legislation that approves preliminary budgetary measures for the United States Congress to begin repealing the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, colloquially known as Obamacare. ](/news/2017/01/13/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-legislation-that-approves-preliminary-budgetary-measures-for-the-united-states.md) _Context: U.S. Congress_
4. [Federal Bureau of Investigation chief James Comey tells the United States Congress that he has found no evidence of criminality by Hillary Clinton in relation to a new batch of emails. ](/news/2016/11/6/federal-bureau-of-investigation-chief-james-comey-tells-the-united-states-congress-that-he-has-found-no-evidence-of-criminality-by-hillary-c.md) _Context: U.S. Congress_
5. [The United States Congress passes a law allowing families of the victims of the September 11 attacks to sue Saudi Arabia. U.S. president Barack Obama threatens to veto it. ](/news/2016/09/9/the-united-states-congress-passes-a-law-allowing-families-of-the-victims-of-the-september-11-attacks-to-sue-saudi-arabia-u-s-president-bar.md) _Context: U.S. Congress_
6. [The Oklahoma Legislature files a measure asking for Congress to impeach Barack Obama over his decision to allow transgender students to use the bathrooms corresponding to their gender identity. ](/news/2016/05/20/the-oklahoma-legislature-files-a-measure-asking-for-congress-to-impeach-barack-obama-over-his-decision-to-allow-transgender-students-to-use.md) _Context: U.S. Congress_
7. [The Governor of the U.S. territory of Guam Eddie Calvo announces his intention to hold a plebiscite to decide the future political status of the island. Calvo said he hopes to start a successful "education campaign" on the issue before filing a petition to start a referendum. If the plebiscite does take place, voters on Guam would be asked to select which political status they would prefer; independence, statehood, or free association However, the possible vote would be non-binding as any change in political status would require an act of Congress in Washington, D.C.. Guam is currently on the United Nations list of Non-Self-Governing Territories in need of decolonization. ](/news/2016/04/2/the-governor-of-the-u-s-territory-of-guam-eddie-calvo-announces-his-intention-to-hold-a-plebiscite-to-decide-the-future-political-status-of.md) _Context: U.S. Congress_
8. [U.S. Federal Communications Commissioner Michael O'Rielly says, during a speech at the American Action Forum, that Netflix's admission last week that it has been intentionally slowing its video streaming transmission on some wireless mobile carriers for five years "deeply disturbing" which might warrant an investigation by the Federal Trade Commission and/or Congress. ](/news/2016/03/29/u-s-federal-communications-commissioner-michael-o-rielly-says-during-a-speech-at-the-american-action-forum-that-netflix-s-admission-last.md) _Context: U.S. Congress_
9. [Tribal chair Charlotte Rodrique of the local Burns Paiute Tribe has joined in asking the occupiers to leave saying "The protesters have no claim to this land". Rodrique further cites a treaty, never ratified by the United States Congress, giving ownership of the land to the tribe. ](/news/2016/01/7/tribal-chair-charlotte-rodrique-of-the-local-burns-paiute-tribe-has-joined-in-asking-the-occupiers-to-leave-saying-the-protesters-have-no-c.md) _Context: U.S. Congress_
10. [The United States government implements new restrictions to its visa waiver program which now requires, with limited exceptions, European, Japanese and Australian travelers to the United States who either have been visitors in the last five years to or are dual-citizens of Iran, Iraq, Syria and Sudan to obtain a travel visa. The new visa policies were mandated by legislation which was passed, in the aftermath of November 2015 Paris attacks, by Congress on the grounds of national security. ](/news/2016/01/22/the-united-states-government-implements-new-restrictions-to-its-visa-waiver-program-which-now-requires-with-limited-exceptions-european-j.md) _Context: U.S. Congress_
