### [2008-02-14](/news/2008/02/14/index.md)

#  President Vladimir Putin says Russia would target its missiles at Ukraine if it threatened Russia's national security. 




### Source:

1. [Interfax](http://www.interfax.ru/e/B/politics/28.html?id_issue=11968223)

### Related:

1. [War in Donbass: At the Munich Security Conference, a truce between Russian-backed separatists and the Ukrainian army, per the Minsk Protocol, takes effect Monday. Pending a permanent political agreement, Russian President Vladimir Putin orders that civil registration documents issued in separatist-held areas of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine be temporarily recognized. Ukrainian authorities say this violates provisions in the Minsk agreement. This is the third such agreement because the previous two in 2014 and 2015 were violated. Low-level fighting and artillery fire never fully stopped. ](/news/2017/02/18/war-in-donbass-at-the-munich-security-conference-a-truce-between-russian-backed-separatists-and-the-ukrainian-army-per-the-minsk-protocol.md) _Context: Russia, Ukraine, Vladimir Putin_
2. [Japan imposes additional sanctions on Russia due to the Ukraine conflict and a visit by an aide of the President of Russia Vladimir Putin to a contested island off the coast off northern Japan. ](/news/2014/09/24/japan-imposes-additional-sanctions-on-russia-due-to-the-ukraine-conflict-and-a-visit-by-an-aide-of-the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-to.md) _Context: Russia, Ukraine, Vladimir Putin_
3. [Analysts of Morgan Stanley predict that Russian President Vladimir Putin would soon block the transit of gas through Ukraine to Europe to retaliate against the world for imposing economic sanctions on Russia. ](/news/2014/07/30/analysts-of-morgan-stanley-predict-that-russian-president-vladimir-putin-would-soon-block-the-transit-of-gas-through-ukraine-to-europe-to-re.md) _Context: Russia, Ukraine, Vladimir Putin_
4. [ Prime Minister Vladimir Putin says Russia may be forced to cut gas supplies to Ukraine if the latter "does not fulfil the agreements" on payment for gas already consumed. ](/news/2008/12/4/prime-minister-vladimir-putin-says-russia-may-be-forced-to-cut-gas-supplies-to-ukraine-if-the-latter-does-not-fulfil-the-agreements-on-pa.md) _Context: Russia, Ukraine, Vladimir Putin_
5. [Russian president Vladimir Putin attends the International Arctic Forum in Arkhangelsk, Russia. He says there that he is ready to meet U.S. President Donald Trump in Helsinki, Finland. ](/news/2017/03/30/russian-president-vladimir-putin-attends-the-international-arctic-forum-in-arkhangelsk-russia-he-says-there-that-he-is-ready-to-meet-u-s.md) _Context: Russia, Vladimir Putin_
6. [France-Russia relations: French National Front presidential candidate Marine Le Pen meets with Russian president Vladimir Putin and afterwards urges that European Union sanctions on Russia be lifted. ](/news/2017/03/24/france-russia-relations-french-national-front-presidential-candidate-marine-le-pen-meets-with-russian-president-vladimir-putin-and-afterw.md) _Context: Russia, Vladimir Putin_
7. [War in Donbass: Russia-Ukraine relations: Ukraine sues Russia at the International Court of Justice, accusing the latter of being engaged in acts of "terrorism" and "discrimination" in eastern Ukraine and Crimea. ](/news/2017/01/16/war-in-donbass-russia-ukraine-relations-ukraine-sues-russia-at-the-international-court-of-justice-accusing-the-latter-of-being-engaged.md) _Context: Russia, Ukraine_
8. [Syrian Civil War: Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/syrian-civil-war-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ce.md) _Context: Russia, Vladimir Putin_
9. [War in Donbass: The European Union extends its main Ukraine-related economic sanctions against Russia for six months until mid-2017. ](/news/2016/12/15/war-in-donbass-the-european-union-extends-its-main-ukraine-related-economic-sanctions-against-russia-for-six-months-until-mid-2017.md) _Context: Russia, Ukraine_
10. [Ukrainian crisis: Russian military intervention in Ukraine (2014-present): Ukraine starts a missile test near Crimea, annexed by Russia in 2014, while Russia puts its air-defense and naval forces in the region on high alert. ](/news/2016/12/1/ukrainian-crisis-russian-military-intervention-in-ukraine-2014-present-ukraine-starts-a-missile-test-near-crimea-annexed-by-russia-in.md) _Context: Russia, Ukraine_
