### [2008-02-14](/news/2008/02/14/index.md)

#  The United States House of Representatives approves contempt of Congress citations against Harriet Miers and Joshua Bolten in the U.S. Attorneys controversy. 




### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2008/02/14/AR2008021402415.html)

### Related:

1. [ The United States House Committee on the Judiciary votes 22-17 to approve a report citing former White House counsel Harriet Miers and current Chief of Staff for President George W. Bush Joshua Bolten for failing to comply with subpoenas regarding the dismissal of U.S. attorneys controversy. ](/news/2007/07/25/the-united-states-house-committee-on-the-judiciary-votes-22-17-to-approve-a-report-citing-former-white-house-counsel-harriet-miers-and-curr.md) _Context: Harriet Miers, Joshua Bolten, firings_
2. [The United States House of Representatives holds Attorney-General Eric Holder in contempt for his perceived obstruction of the Congressional investigation into Operation Fast and Furious. Most House Republicans and 17 Democrats approve the decision. ](/news/2012/06/28/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-holds-attorney-general-eric-holder-in-contempt-for-his-perceived-obstruction-of-the-congressional.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives, contempt_
3. [ Dismissal of U.S. attorneys controversy: The Bush administration agrees to allow Deputy White House Chief of Staff Karl Rove and former White House Counsel Harriet Miers to testify but not under oath.](/news/2007/03/20/dismissal-of-u-s-attorneys-controversy-the-bush-administration-agrees-to-allow-deputy-white-house-chief-of-staff-karl-rove-and-former-whi.md) _Context: Harriet Miers, firings_
4. [ Alberto Gonzales, the Attorney General of the United States, acknowledges that mistakes were made in the handling of the firing of eight federal prosecutors. His top aide Kyle Sampson resigns for not advising other senior officials of the Department of Justice about discussions with former White House counsel Harriet Miers regarding the possible firings. ](/news/2007/03/13/alberto-gonzales-the-attorney-general-of-the-united-states-acknowledges-that-mistakes-were-made-in-the-handling-of-the-firing-of-eight-fe.md) _Context: Harriet Miers, firings_
5. [The United States House of Representatives pass a bill ending Dodd-Frank regulations. The bill now goes to the Senate where it is expected to not go through. ](/news/2017/06/8/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-pass-a-bill-ending-dodd-frank-regulations-the-bill-now-goes-to-the-senate-where-it-is-expected-t.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
6. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
7. [Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia.  ](/news/2017/04/18/democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u-s-house-seat-vacated-by-tom-price-now-health-and-human-serv.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
8. [The United States House of Representatives approaches a vote on a replacement plan for the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (aka Obamacare). ](/news/2017/03/23/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-approaches-a-vote-on-a-replacement-plan-for-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-aka-o.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
9. [U.S. Representative Matt Gaetz proposes a bill to eliminate the United States Environmental Protection Agency. ](/news/2017/02/6/u-s-representative-matt-gaetz-proposes-a-bill-to-eliminate-the-united-states-environmental-protection-agency.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
10. [A leaked memo from House Republicans reveals cutting provisions from Obamacare such as Medicaid expansions and subsidies for health insurance. ](/news/2017/02/25/a-leaked-memo-from-house-republicans-reveals-cutting-provisions-from-obamacare-such-as-medicaid-expansions-and-subsidies-for-health-insuranc.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
