### [2008-02-14](/news/2008/02/14/index.md)

#  The Wallraf-Richartz Museum in Cologne has announced that its painting "The Seine at Port Villez", thought to be by Claude Monet, is a forgery. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Google News](http://afp.google.com/article/ALeqM5jVxW8AFhmjVkdIHZYB64fOsqnkrQ)

### Related:

1. [Thousands of German riot police are deployed to control protesters opposing the Alternative for Germany at the party's conference in Cologne. ](/news/2017/04/22/thousands-of-german-riot-police-are-deployed-to-control-protesters-opposing-the-alternative-for-germany-at-the-party-s-conference-in-cologne.md) _Context: Cologne_
2. [The German cities of Augsburg and Cologne are testing a scheme of traffic lights embedded in the ground to reduce cell phone-texting pedestrian accidents with vehicles that happen when so-called "smombies" step out into the street against the signal. ](/news/2016/04/27/the-german-cities-of-augsburg-and-cologne-are-testing-a-scheme-of-traffic-lights-embedded-in-the-ground-to-reduce-cell-phone-texting-pedestr.md) _Context: Cologne_
3. [Human rights abuse victims during the regime of Ferdinand Marcos stake a claim on auction proceeds from Imelda Marcos' art collection, which includes pieces by Michelangelo, Monet, Van Gogh, and Picasso. ](/news/2016/04/15/human-rights-abuse-victims-during-the-regime-of-ferdinand-marcos-stake-a-claim-on-auction-proceeds-from-imelda-marcos-art-collection-which.md) _Context: Monet_
4. [Terrorism in Germany. German police arrest two Algerian men suspected of having links to the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and planning terror attacks in the country. One of the men detained, reported to be aged 35, had been living in a refugee shelter in the town of Attendorn, east of Cologne. Police say "investigations show that he has been trained militarily in Syria". ](/news/2016/02/4/terrorism-in-germany-german-police-arrest-two-algerian-men-suspected-of-having-links-to-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-and-planni.md) _Context: Cologne_
5. [New Year's Eve sexual assaults in Germany. The chief of Cologne's police force, Wolfgang Albers, is relieved of his duties following criticism of his handling of violent clashes and sexual assaults by migrant gangs in the city on New Year's Eve. ](/news/2016/01/8/new-year-s-eve-sexual-assaults-in-germany-the-chief-of-cologne-s-police-force-wolfgang-albers-is-relieved-of-his-duties-following-critici.md) _Context: Cologne_
6. [New Year's Eve sexual assaults in Germany. German police begin investigations into a gang of up to 1,000 men of North African and Arab appearance who committed sexual assaults on women in Cologne's main square on New Year's Eve. ](/news/2016/01/4/new-year-s-eve-sexual-assaults-in-germany-german-police-begin-investigations-into-a-gang-of-up-to-1-000-men-of-north-african-and-arab-appea.md) _Context: Cologne_
7. [New Year's Eve sexual assaults in Germany. Thousands of protesters in Leipzig demonstrate against a record refugee influx they blame for mass sexual violence at New Year's Eve events in Cologne and other German cities. Many chanted 'We are the people', 'Resistance!' and 'Deport them!'. The rally was organized by a local chapter of PEGIDA (Patriotic Europeans Against the Islamisation of the Occident). Six Pakistani men and one Syrian man were also attacked by so-called vigilantes in Cologne, following calls on social media for "revenge" in the wake of the New Year's Eve assaults. ](/news/2016/01/11/new-year-s-eve-sexual-assaults-in-germany-thousands-of-protesters-in-leipzig-demonstrate-against-a-record-refugee-influx-they-blame-for-mas.md) _Context: Cologne_
8. [Henriette Reker, a candidate in Cologne's mayoral race, is stabbed in the neck by a man claiming to be angry over Germany's refugee policies. Reker is in serious condition, as is an aide. Three others suffered minor injuries. ](/news/2015/10/17/henriette-reker-a-candidate-in-cologne-s-mayoral-race-is-stabbed-in-the-neck-by-a-man-claiming-to-be-angry-over-germany-s-refugee-policies.md) _Context: Cologne_
9. [A painting in Claude Monet's Water Lilies series is sold at auction in London for GBP31.7 million or $54 million US, the second highest price for a Monet on record. ](/news/2014/06/23/a-painting-in-claude-monet-s-water-lilies-series-is-sold-at-auction-in-london-for-agbp31-7-million-or-54-million-us-the-second-highest-pri.md) _Context: Monet_
10. [Imelda Marcos's former aide is sentenced in New York City for attempting to sell a painting of Claude Monet allegedly bought with embezzled funds. ](/news/2014/01/8/imelda-marcos-s-former-aide-is-sentenced-in-new-york-city-for-attempting-to-sell-a-painting-of-claude-monet-allegedly-bought-with-embezzled.md) _Context: Monet_
