### [2013-10-20](/news/2013/10/20/index.md)

# At Luxembourg's general election, Jean-Claude Juncker's Christian Social People's Party loses three seats, but remain the largest party in the Chamber of Deputies with 23 of the 60 seats. "([http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-24599621 BBC])"




### Related:

1. [Conservative leader Theresa May states she will be a "bloody difficult woman" in her negotiations with Jean-Claude Juncker regarding the rights of EU nationals after Brexit. ](/news/2017/05/2/conservative-leader-theresa-may-states-she-will-be-a-bloody-difficult-woman-in-her-negotiations-with-jean-claude-juncker-regarding-the-rig.md) _Context: Jean-Claude Juncker_
2. [The European Parliament's first debate on the UK's vote to leave is marked by bitter exchanges as prominent pro-Brexit figure Nigel Farage is booed and heckled by members of the European Parliament and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker is heckled after saying that he is neither a robot nor a bureaucrat. ](/news/2016/06/28/the-european-parliament-s-first-debate-on-the-uk-s-vote-to-leave-is-marked-by-bitter-exchanges-as-prominent-pro-brexit-figure-nigel-farage-i.md) _Context: Jean-Claude Juncker_
3. [European Commission president Jean-Claude Juncker warns the British voters, saying that there would be no re-negotiations with Britain whatever outcome of its membership referendum. ](/news/2016/06/22/european-commission-president-jean-claude-juncker-warns-the-british-voters-saying-that-there-would-be-no-re-negotiations-with-britain-whate.md) _Context: Jean-Claude Juncker_
4. [Outgoing Slovenian prime minister Alenka Bratusek is formally nominated by Jean-Claude Juncker as the country's EU commissioner despite resistance from the prime minister-designate Miro Cerar, and according to several European media she is slated to become a Vice-President of the Commission. ](/news/2014/09/5/outgoing-slovenian-prime-minister-alenka-bratua-ek-is-formally-nominated-by-jean-claude-juncker-as-the-country-s-eu-commissioner-despite-res.md) _Context: Jean-Claude Juncker_
5. [The European Parliament votes to elect Jean-Claude Juncker as President of the European Commission. ](/news/2014/07/15/the-european-parliament-votes-to-elect-jean-claude-juncker-as-president-of-the-european-commission.md) _Context: Jean-Claude Juncker_
6. [Amidst staunch opposition from UK Prime Minister David Cameron's ministry, the European Council nominates Jean-Claude Juncker, former Prime Minister of Luxembourg, to be President of the European Commission. ](/news/2014/06/27/amidst-staunch-opposition-from-uk-prime-minister-david-cameron-s-ministry-the-european-council-nominates-jean-claude-juncker-former-prime.md) _Context: Jean-Claude Juncker_
7. [Xavier Bettel becomes the first openly gay prime minister in Luxembourg and the third openly gay prime minister in Europe as the country's first government without participation of the Christian Social People's Party since 1979 takes office; Bettel's deputy, Etienne Schneider, is also openly gay, making Luxembourg the first country in the world with the two highest-ranking leaders of government being openly gay. ](/news/2013/12/4/xavier-bettel-becomes-the-first-openly-gay-prime-minister-in-luxembourg-and-the-third-openly-gay-prime-minister-in-europe-as-the-country-s-f.md) _Context: Christian Social People's Party_
8. [The Prime Minister of Luxembourg Jean-Claude Juncker resigns over a scandal in the Service de Renseignement de l'tat (State Intelligence Service), leading to an election being called. ](/news/2013/07/11/the-prime-minister-of-luxembourg-jean-claude-juncker-resigns-over-a-scandal-in-the-service-de-renseignement-de-l-etat-state-intelligence-se.md) _Context: Jean-Claude Juncker_
9. [Jeroen Dijsselbloem, the Minister of Finance of the Netherlands, succeeds Jean-Claude Juncker, the Prime Minister of Luxembourg, as the President of the Euro Group. ](/news/2013/01/21/jeroen-dijsselbloem-the-minister-of-finance-of-the-netherlands-succeeds-jean-claude-juncker-the-prime-minister-of-luxembourg-as-the-pres.md) _Context: Jean-Claude Juncker_
10. [Jean-Claude Juncker, the head of the Euro Group, cancels a meeting on Wednesday to discuss the Greek bailout stating that they are still seeking information from the Greek government. ](/news/2012/02/14/jean-claude-juncker-the-head-of-the-euro-group-cancels-a-meeting-on-wednesday-to-discuss-the-greek-bailout-stating-that-they-are-still-see.md) _Context: Jean-Claude Juncker_
