### [2004-05-10](/news/2004/05/10/index.md)

#  A judicial recount in the 2004 Taiwanese presidential election begins. 

Channel NewsAsia - Breaking News, Asia-Pacific news coverage from Channel NewsAsia featuring Business, World, Sport, Entertainment, Technology, Health, Lifestyle and Live Streaming.


### Source:

1. [CNA](http://www.channelnewsasia.com/stories/eastasia/view/84175/1/.html)
2. [VOA](http://www.voanews.com/article.cfm?objectID=B02E172B-B50A-431E-B1F02862D4A9A19C)

### Related:

1. [ The Supreme Court of the Republic of China rejects the opposition's appeal to nullify the results of the 2004 presidential election. Chen Shui-bian won the election by a narrow majority. ](/news/2005/06/17/the-supreme-court-of-the-republic-of-china-rejects-the-opposition-s-appeal-to-nullify-the-results-of-the-2004-presidential-election-chen-s.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election_
2. [ The High Court in the Republic of China rejects a petition by the Kuomintang to nullify the March 2004 presidential election result that saw Chen Shui-bian re-elected president by a margin of 0.2% over Lien Chan. The KMT plans to appeal to the Supreme Court. ](/news/2004/11/4/the-high-court-in-the-republic-of-china-rejects-a-petition-by-the-kuomintang-to-nullify-the-march-2004-presidential-election-result-that-sa.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election_
3. [ RoC Premier Yu Shyi-kun is prevented for six hours from delivering a key government report on the floor of the Legislative Yuan when opposition lawmakers, refusing to recognize President Chen Shui-bian's narrow re-election on March 20, tore up his report and unfurled banners and placards with the words "no truth, no president" and "bogus regime". ](/news/2004/06/1/roc-premier-yu-shyi-kun-is-prevented-for-six-hours-from-delivering-a-key-government-report-on-the-floor-of-the-legislative-yuan-when-opposi.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election_
4. [ Chen Shui-bian is sworn into a second term as President of the Republic of China in Taipei, while the High Court has yet to rule on a recount of the presidential election that concluded two days before. About 400 dignitaries, including 15 foreign heads of state, attend. ](/news/2004/05/20/chen-shui-bian-is-sworn-into-a-second-term-as-president-of-the-republic-of-china-in-taipei-while-the-high-court-has-yet-to-rule-on-a-recou.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election_
5. [ ROC presidential election, 2004: The Pan-Blue Coalition drops its demand for another round of voting by members of the military and the police who were put on a heightened state of alert on election day. Chen Shui-bian and Annette Lu sign letters promising not to contest the Pan-Blue petition for a recount.](/news/2004/03/29/roc-presidential-election-2004-the-pan-blue-coalition-drops-its-demand-for-another-round-of-voting-by-members-of-the-military-and-the-pol.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election_
6. [ ROC presidential election, 2004: 500,000 Pan-Blue protesters take to the streets in Taipei to demand a recount. ](/news/2004/03/27/roc-presidential-election-2004-500-000-pan-blue-protesters-take-to-the-streets-in-taipei-to-demand-a-recount.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election_
7. [ ROC presidential election, 2004: The controversial victory of Chen Shui-bian is confirmed by the state electoral commission, with a margin of only 29,518 votes - 0.2% of the total&nbsp;- separating the candidates. Pan-Blue protestors storm and hurl eggs at the Central Electoral Commission building. ](/news/2004/03/26/roc-presidential-election-2004-the-controversial-victory-of-chen-shui-bian-is-confirmed-by-the-state-electoral-commission-with-a-margin.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election_
8. [ ROC presidential election, 2004: Chen Shui-bian's Democratic Progressive Party submits a bill to the Legislative Yuan to allow an immediate recount, per Lien Chan's demand, but the majority Pan-Blue Coalition dismisses it as unnecessary saying the President could just issue an executive order instead. ](/news/2004/03/22/roc-presidential-election-2004-chen-shui-bian-s-democratic-progressive-party-submits-a-bill-to-the-legislative-yuan-to-allow-an-immediate.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election_
9. [ ROC presidential election: Taiwan's High Court has ordered all ballot boxes to be sealed, in order to preserve evidence. However, a recount of votes was not ordered. Various protests are held throughout the island. ](/news/2004/03/21/roc-presidential-election-taiwan-s-high-court-has-ordered-all-ballot-boxes-to-be-sealed-in-order-to-preserve-evidence-however-a-recount.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election_
10. [ ROC presidential election: Chen Shui-bian is declared the winner over Lien Chan by fewer than 30,000 votes of nearly 13,000,000 cast (0.25%). Lien calls the result unfair and demands it be voided. A controversial referendum is invalidated by low turnout. ](/news/2004/03/20/roc-presidential-election-chen-shui-bian-is-declared-the-winner-over-lien-chan-by-fewer-than-30-000-votes-of-nearly-13-000-000-cast-0-25.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election_
