### [2004-05-10](/news/2004/05/10/index.md)

#  At the Commonwealth military cemetery in Gaza City where 3000 World War I casualties are buried, Palestinian vandals desecrate 32 graves, breaking headstones and affixing photographs of Iraqi POW abuse to others. 




### Source:

1. [NYT](http://www.nytimes.com/aponline/international/AP-Israel-Palestinians.html)

### Related:

1. [One civilian is killed and at least 20 others injured after an Israeli air strike on a militant base in Gaza City, Palestinian medics say. ](/news/2011/12/10/one-civilian-is-killed-and-at-least-20-others-injured-after-an-israeli-air-strike-on-a-militant-base-in-gaza-city-palestinian-medics-say.md) _Context: Gaza, Palestinian_
2. [ Two bodyguards of former Palestinian prime minister Mahmoud Abbas (Abu Mazen) are killed as they exchange fire with masked Gunmen as Abbas pays a visit to a mourning tent for Yasser Arafat in Gaza City. ](/news/2004/11/14/two-bodyguards-of-former-palestinian-prime-minister-mahmoud-abbas-abu-mazen-are-killed-as-they-exchange-fire-with-masked-gunmen-as-abbas.md) _Context: Gaza, Palestinian_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel launches a large offensive against the city of Rafah dubbed Operation Rainbow, cutting it off from the rest of Gaza. Amnesty International has called on Israel to stop and accused it of committing war crimes by its destruction of more than 3,000 Palestinian homes in Israel and the occupied territories since the intifada began three and a half years ago. ](/news/2004/05/18/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-launches-a-large-offensive-against-the-city-of-rafah-dubbed-operation-rainbow-cutting-it-off-from-the.md) _Context: Gaza, Palestinian_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli military officer states Palestinian militants are feared to be using a tunnel to smuggle anti-tank missiles and portable anti-aircraft missiles, though no tunnels had been found yet. The army states it is encountering strong resistance from Palestinians using dozens of homemade bombs, rocket-propelled grenades and other grenades and automatic weapons. One Palestinian child and four adults killed in overnight attack on Rafah refugee camp in Gaza.](/news/2003/10/10/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-military-officer-states-palestinian-militants-are-feared-to-be-using-a-tunnel-to-smuggle-anti-tank-mi.md) _Context: Gaza, Palestinian_
5. [ Israeli forces assassinate three Palestinian militants in Gaza, including Nidal Salamah, a leader of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine. The action prompts accusations that Israel is trying to sabotage the Palestinian government's attempts to transform itself.](/news/2003/04/29/israeli-forces-assassinate-three-palestinian-militants-in-gaza-including-nidal-salamah-a-leader-of-the-popular-front-for-the-liberation-o.md) _Context: Gaza, Palestinian_
6. [An Israeli soldier is killed during a car ramming attack near Ofra, in the West Bank. Another Israeli soldier was injured. A Palestinian suspected of committing the attack is taken into custody. ](/news/2017/04/6/an-israeli-soldier-is-killed-during-a-car-ramming-attack-near-ofra-in-the-west-bank-another-israeli-soldier-was-injured-a-palestinian-sus.md) _Context: Palestinian_
7. [ A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-two-other-passengers-are-injured-a-pa.md) _Context: Palestinian_
8. [Israeli authorities shoot into a car that was on a ramming attack at a bus shelter at the Gush Etzion Junction in the West Bank where 13 Palestinians and 3 Israelis have been killed since October 2015. A 16-year-old Palestinian, Fatima Jibrin Taqatqa, had lost control of her car and the teenager now remains in critical condition. ](/news/2017/03/15/israeli-authorities-shoot-into-a-car-that-was-on-a-ramming-attack-at-a-bus-shelter-at-the-gush-etzion-junction-in-the-west-bank-where-13-pal.md) _Context: Palestinian_
9. [At least four Palestinians are injured following Israeli air strikes in Gaza that were reportedly in response to rockets launched into southern Israel by Hamas. ](/news/2017/02/28/at-least-four-palestinians-are-injured-following-israeli-air-strikes-in-gaza-that-were-reportedly-in-response-to-rockets-launched-into-south.md) _Context: Gaza_
10. [British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, during a visit to the Gambia, announces that the West African nation is to rejoin the Commonwealth of Nations following talks with Gambian President Adama Barrow. The Gambia withdrew from the Commonwealth in 2013 under Yahya Jammeh, who considered it a "neo-colonial institution". ](/news/2017/02/14/british-foreign-secretary-boris-johnson-during-a-visit-to-the-gambia-announces-that-the-west-african-nation-is-to-rejoin-the-commonwealth.md) _Context: Commonwealth of Nations_
