### [2004-05-10](/news/2004/05/10/index.md)

#  The United States Armed Forces destroy the Baghdad headquarters of Moqtada al-Sadr. The building had been evacuated by al-Sadr's forces. There were no casualties. 

The move came hours after U.S. troops killed at least 19 of his militiamen in clashes in the Sadr City slum district.


### Source:

1. [NYT](http://www.nytimes.com/2004/05/10/international/middleeast/10CND-IRAQ.html)

### Related:

1. [Protesters demanding political reform leave Baghdad's Green Zone after camping for 24 hours in the heavily fortified government district. These activists, followers of Shi'ite Muslim cleric Muqtada al-Sadr, support Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi's anti-corruption proposals to replace party-affiliated ministers with technocrats. A grid-locked parliament has been unable to act on these changes. ](/news/2016/05/1/protesters-demanding-political-reform-leave-baghdad-s-green-zone-after-camping-for-24-hours-in-the-heavily-fortified-government-district-th.md) _Context: Baghdad, Muqtada al-Sadr_
2. [Wikileaks releases a video from 2007 showing the killing of civilians, including two Reuters news staff, by the U.S. military in Baghdad, Iraq. ](/news/2010/04/5/wikileaks-releases-a-video-from-2007-showing-the-killing-of-civilians-including-two-reuters-news-staff-by-the-u-s-military-in-baghdad-ir.md) _Context: Baghdad, United States military personnel_
3. [ Shia Islamists under cleric Muqtada al-Sadr protest in Baghdad, Iraq, on the anniversary of its capture by the United States Armed Forces in 2003. ](/news/2009/04/9/shia-islamists-under-cleric-muqtada-al-sadr-protest-in-baghdad-iraq-on-the-anniversary-of-its-capture-by-the-united-states-armed-forces-i.md) _Context: Baghdad, United States military personnel_
4. [ The United States Armed Forces says that three American soldiers have been killed in rocket or mortar attack in eastern Baghdad. ](/news/2008/04/28/the-united-states-armed-forces-says-that-three-american-soldiers-have-been-killed-in-rocket-or-mortar-attack-in-eastern-baghdad.md) _Context: Baghdad, United States military personnel_
5. [ In the centre and south of the country, Shiites waved Iraqi flags and chanted "Death to America! Death to Israel!" as they boarded convoys of buses bound for Baghdad's Sadr City. These and other Shiite protesters were summoned to the capital by cleric Moqtada al-Sadr to protest against Israel's attacks on Lebanon. The protest is timed to begin after Friday prayers. ](/news/2006/08/3/in-the-centre-and-south-of-the-country-shiites-waved-iraqi-flags-and-chanted-death-to-america-death-to-israel-as-they-boarded-convoys.md) _Context: Baghdad, Muqtada al-Sadr_
6. [ Iraq Alliancedate=January 2016 troops are locked in heavy fighting. Ukrainian troops cede Kut to Moqtada al-Sadr supporters. Sunni Muslim insurgents engage in two fronts west of Baghdad; a Shiite uprising spreads in southern and central Iraq. ](/news/2004/04/8/iraq-alliancedate-january-2016-troops-are-locked-in-heavy-fighting-ukrainian-troops-cede-kut-to-moqtada-al-sadr-supporters-sunni-muslim-i.md) _Context: Baghdad, Muqtada al-Sadr_
7. [ Baghdad office of Shiite leader Moqtada al-Sadr is surrounded by U.S. tanks and troops amid efforts to arrest the Iraqi cleric. Some 500 armed Sadr militia burn tires, forming roadblocks and promising jihad near the office. Snipers have also been placed in homes in the neighborhood in the Baghdad slum of Sadr City. ](/news/2004/04/7/baghdad-office-of-shiite-leader-moqtada-al-sadr-is-surrounded-by-u-s-tanks-and-troops-amid-efforts-to-arrest-the-iraqi-cleric-some-500-ar.md) _Context: Baghdad, Muqtada al-Sadr_
8. [ Kyodo reports that United States Armed Forces arrest the Japanese journalist Rei Shiba and two Iraqi guides on around June 8 in Ar Ramadi, 100&nbsp;km west of Baghdad, while covering a university. The American forces reportedly put a bag on their heads during the arrest and gagged them in custody.](/news/2003/06/17/kyodo-reports-that-united-states-armed-forces-arrest-the-japanese-journalist-rei-shiba-and-two-iraqi-guides-on-around-june-8-in-ar-ramadi.md) _Context: Baghdad, United States military personnel_
9. [Five transgender United States military personnel sue President Donald Trump and top Pentagon officials over the President's policy change announced late last month banning transgender people from serving in the military. The suit asks the court to prevent the ban from going into effect. ](/news/2017/08/9/five-transgender-united-states-military-personnel-sue-president-donald-trump-and-top-pentagon-officials-over-the-president-s-policy-change-a.md) _Context: United States military personnel_
10. [U.S. President Donald Trump tweets that transgender Americans will not be allowed to serve "in any capacity" in the United States Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/07/26/u-s-president-donald-trump-tweets-that-transgender-americans-will-not-be-allowed-to-serve-in-any-capacity-in-the-united-states-armed-forc.md) _Context: United States military personnel_
