### [2004-05-10](/news/2004/05/10/index.md)

#  The Palestinian Cabinet announces plans to hold municipal elections, starting with Jericho and followed by some Gaza Strip municipalities. The elections, starting in August, will replace mayors appointed by the Palestine Authority. The previous elections, for president and legislature, were held in 1996. 




### Source:

1. [NYT](http://www.nytimes.com/aponline/international/AP-Israel-Palestinians.html)
2. [VOA](http://www.voanews.com/article.cfm?objectID=BB8BB139-EFB2-4CB1-B8D32491C1A449D5)

### Related:

1. [Palestinian National Authority President Mahmoud Abbas says that general elections in September would be canceled if Hamas refused to allow voting in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2011/02/17/palestinian-national-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-says-that-general-elections-in-september-would-be-canceled-if-hamas-refused-to-allow.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Palestinian National Authority_
2. [A Thai farm worker in Israel is killed by a rocket fired from the Hamas-controlled Palestinian territory of Gaza, according to the Israeli military. ](/news/2010/03/18/a-thai-farm-worker-in-israel-is-killed-by-a-rocket-fired-from-the-hamas-controlled-palestinian-territory-of-gaza-according-to-the-israeli-m.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Palestine Authority_
3. [ The Palestinian National Authority's Central Bureau of Statistics reports that 1,300 Palestinians were killed; 5,400 were injured; and US$1.9 billion in damage was caused during the 22-day conflict with Israel in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2009/01/19/the-palestinian-national-authority-s-central-bureau-of-statistics-reports-that-1-300-palestinians-were-killed-5-400-were-injured-and-us-1.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Palestinian National Authority_
4. [ Hamas militants are considering lighter ceasefire terms offered by Fatah, specifically Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas. They are giving Israel until May 27 to respond to this agreement, that would only end Israeli operations in the Gaza Strip. Hamas has said, however, that they are not completely committed to their offer. Israeli attack helicopters launch missile strikes on a various facilities, including a security facility near Palestinian Prime Minister Haniyeh's home. At least three people are injured by the air strikes. ](/news/2007/05/26/hamas-militants-are-considering-lighter-ceasefire-terms-offered-by-fatah-specifically-palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-they-are-giving.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Palestinian National Authority_
5. [ Israel rejects Hamas terms for a ceasefire - Palestinian PM Ismail Haniya calls for a ceasefire to end several days of fierce fighting in the Gaza Strip. Israel reiterates its demand to release the abducted soldier Gilad Shalit, and end Qassam rocket attacks on Israeli towns, for an immediate cease fire to take place. ](/news/2006/07/8/israel-rejects-hamas-terms-for-a-ceasefire-palestinian-pm-ismail-haniya-calls-for-a-ceasefire-to-end-several-days-of-fierce-fighting-in-t.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Palestinian National Authority_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: PNA President Mahmoud Abbas said that 97.5 percent of Gaza Strip lands that Israel would evacuate from were state-owned lands and that the Islamic University was entitled to receive lands in order to expand its facilities.](/news/2005/09/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-pna-president-mahmoud-abbas-said-that-97-5-percent-of-gaza-strip-lands-that-israel-would-evacuate-from-were-s.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Palestinian National Authority_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli Airstrikes on Palestinian targets continue, with the Israel Defense Forces firing missiles in Gaza, knocking out the power supply to the East of the city, the Khan Yunis refugee camp and Rafah. Hamas had earlier declared an end to rocket attacks following pressure from the Palestinian National Authority and Egypt. ](/news/2005/09/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-targets-continue-with-the-israel-defense-forces-firing-missiles-in-gaza-k.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Palestinian National Authority_
8. [The Gaza Strip's sole power plant is shut down due to running out of fuel, amid unpaid bills and a dispute over tax bills on fuel imports to the blockaded Palestinian territory. ](/news/2017/04/16/the-gaza-strip-s-sole-power-plant-is-shut-down-due-to-running-out-of-fuel-amid-unpaid-bills-and-a-dispute-over-tax-bills-on-fuel-imports-to.md) _Context: Gaza Strip_
9. [An Israeli Army tank kills a Palestinian teenager and wounds two others near the Gaza border. ](/news/2017/03/22/an-israeli-army-tank-kills-a-palestinian-teenager-and-wounds-two-others-near-the-gaza-border.md) _Context: Gaza Strip_
10. [An airstrike hits a tunnel in the Gaza Strip near the Egyptian border, killing at least two people and injuring five more. It is unclear who launched the airstrike. ](/news/2017/02/9/an-airstrike-hits-a-tunnel-in-the-gaza-strip-near-the-egyptian-border-killing-at-least-two-people-and-injuring-five-more-it-is-unclear-who.md) _Context: Gaza Strip_
