### [2016-04-14](/news/2016/04/14/index.md)

# Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A Palestinian wielding an ax attacks an Israeli soldier near Hebron and is shot dead while two 12-year-old Palestinians in Jerusalem are arrested by Israeli Police with three knives concealed in their coats on suspicion of planning to carry out a stabbing attack. 

In separate incident, two 12-year-old Palestinian kids arrested with knives in Jerusalem, are suspected of planning an attack


### Source:

1. [The Times of Israel](http://www.timesofisrael.com/palestinian-kids-arrested-with-knives-in-jerusalem/)

### Related:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel destroys the homes of three Palestinian terrorists. Rassen and Udai abu-Jamal who committed the 2014 Jerusalem synagogue attack and Moatez Hijazi who committed the excavator rampage in Jerusalem during the 2014 Israel-Gaza conflict. ](/news/2015/10/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-destroys-the-homes-of-three-palestinian-terrorists-rassen-and-udai-abu-jamal-who-committed-the-2014.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Jerusalem, Palestinian_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel deploys an extra 800 Israeli police officers as Palestinians call for a "day of rage" protests in Jerusalem over entry restrictions to Al-Aqsa mosque. A police vehicle in Jerusalem was attacked with assault rifle fire. ](/news/2015/09/18/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-deploys-an-extra-800-israeli-police-officers-as-palestinians-call-for-a-day-of-rage-protests-in-jer.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Jerusalem, Palestinian_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: The Israeli government says it will remove metal detectors and some cameras recently installed at the entrances to the Temple Mount in Jerusalem that resulted in a wave of protests and some deaths. Instead, less obtrusive surveillance means will be used. ](/news/2017/07/25/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-the-israeli-government-says-it-will-remove-metal-detectors-and-some-cameras-recent.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Jerusalem_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: A United Nations Security Council session is to be held to address the escalating violence in Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/07/22/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-a-united-nations-security-council-session-is-to-be-held-to-address-the-escalating.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Jerusalem_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.: Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey: Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.: 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.: United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.: Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.: Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.: Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-: ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Jerusalem_
6. [ 2017 Jerusalem Light Rail stabbing: A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/2017-jerusalem-light-rail-stabbing-a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-tw.md) _Context: Jerusalem, Palestinian_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Hebron shooting incident: Following last month's manslaughter conviction, Israeli soldier Elor Azaria is sentenced to 18 months in prison by a military court for, during a violent incident, his deadly shooting of the wounded, unarmed, prone Palestinian Abdel Fattah al-Sharif, who had stabbed a soldier last March in Hebron. ](/news/2017/02/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hebron-shooting-incident-following-last-month-s-manslaughter-conviction-israeli-soldier-elor-azaria-is-sen.md) _Context: Hebron, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A Palestinian woman, in what was construed to be an attempt to stab Israeli Border Police officers at the entrance to the Tomb of the Patriarchs in Hebron, is shot and later dies. ](/news/2016/07/1/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-palestinian-woman-in-what-was-construed-to-be-an-attempt-to-stab-israeli-border-police-officers-at-the-en.md) _Context: Hebron, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli Defence Forces arrest 15 Palestinian suspects overnight. ](/news/2016/03/13/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-defence-forces-arrest-15-palestinian-suspects-overnight.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015-present): Three Palestinian assailants launch a shooting and stabbing attack near the Damascus Gate in Jerusalem, killing one policewoman and seriously injuring another, and lightly injuring a civilian, before being shot and killed by other security forces at the scene. Pipe bombs were discovered on their bodies. ](/news/2016/02/3/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-present-three-palestinian-assailants-launch-a-shooting-and-stabbing-attack-near-the-damascus-gate-i.md) _Context: Israeli police, Jerusalem_
