### [2016-04-14](/news/2016/04/14/index.md)

# North Korea deploys one or two intermediate-range ballistic missiles on its east coast, possibly preparing for launch on or around Friday, the anniversary of the birth of the country's founder Kim Il-sung, according to South Korea's Yonhap news agency. 

News - Your daily dose of information: European and International latest breaking news, economic news, business news and more. Stay up to date with Euronews.


### Source:

1. [Euronews via Reuters](http://www.euronews.com/newswires/3180165-north-korea-seen-moving-intermediate-range-ballistic-missiles-yonhap/)

### Related:

1. [South Korea claims that North Korea has fired a ballistic missile from a submarine. ](/news/2016/07/9/south-korea-claims-that-north-korea-has-fired-a-ballistic-missile-from-a-submarine.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea, ballistic missile_
2. [South Korea has determined North Korea is capable of mounting a nuclear warhead on its medium-range Rodong-1 ballistic missile, which could reach all of South Korea and most of Japan, according to a senior government official. ](/news/2016/04/5/south-korea-has-determined-north-korea-is-capable-of-mounting-a-nuclear-warhead-on-its-medium-range-rodong-1-ballistic-missile-which-could.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea, ballistic missile_
3. [According to South Korea's Yonhap news agency, North Korea appears to be preparing a test-launch of an intermediate-range ballistic missile. This comes after what the United States described as the "fiery, catastrophic" failure of the first attempt a few days prior. ](/news/2016/04/26/according-to-south-korea-s-yonhap-news-agency-north-korea-appears-to-be-preparing-a-test-launch-of-an-intermediate-range-ballistic-missile.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea, Yonhap_
4. [South Korea's Yonhap news agency reports that North Korea tried to launch a BM25 Musudan intermediate-range ballistic missile but was unsuccessful. ](/news/2016/04/15/south-korea-s-yonhap-news-agency-reports-that-north-korea-tried-to-launch-a-bm25-musudan-intermediate-range-ballistic-missile-but-was-unsucc.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea, Yonhap_
5. [North Korea fires another ballistic missile off its east coast, according to South Korean officials. This occurred while world leaders are attending the annual Nuclear Security Summit in Washington, D.C., where North Korea is on the agenda for discussion. ](/news/2016/04/1/north-korea-fires-another-ballistic-missile-off-its-east-coast-according-to-south-korean-officials-this-occurred-while-world-leaders-are-a.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea, ballistic missile_
6. [North Korea claims that it has developed a more advanced hydrogen bomb that can be loaded on a ballistic missile. As yet, there is no independent verification of these claims. ](/news/2017/09/3/north-korea-claims-that-it-has-developed-a-more-advanced-hydrogen-bomb-that-can-be-loaded-on-a-ballistic-missile-as-yet-there-is-no-indepe.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, ballistic missile_
7. [North Korea launches a Short-Range Ballistic missile near Wonsan towards the Sea of Japan, according to South Korea. The missile reportedly lands in Japan's exclusive economic zone (EEZ) after traveling 450 km. ](/news/2017/05/29/north-korea-launches-a-short-range-ballistic-missile-near-wansan-towards-the-sea-of-japan-according-to-south-korea-the-missile-reportedly.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea_
8. [South Korea reports North Korea fired a Pukguksong-2 intermediate-range ballistic missile that flew 500 km before landing in the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2017/05/21/south-korea-reports-north-korea-fired-a-pukguksong-2-intermediate-range-ballistic-missile-that-flew-500-km-before-landing-in-the-sea-of-japa.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea_
9. [U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435 mi reaching an altitude of more than 1245 mi before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60 mi south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launched-a-test-missile-from-the-west-coast-city-of-kusong-the-projectile-travelle.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea_
10. [North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-eastern-waters-in-the-direction-of-japan-accordi.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea_
