### [2016-04-14](/news/2016/04/14/index.md)

# The People's Republic of China announces that it will prosecute 357 people for the illegal sale of vaccines. 

The Chinese government says 357 officials are to be punished over a scandal involving the sale of illegal vaccines, while 192 criminal cases have been filed.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-china-36041918)

### Related:

1. [Health in France. France plans to make vaccines mandatory for children in 2018. ](/news/2017/07/5/health-in-france-france-plans-to-make-vaccines-mandatory-for-children-in-2018.md) _Context: vaccine_
2. [China-United States relations. Former United States officials report that 18-20 Central Intelligence Agency sources were killed or imprisoned by the Government of China between 2010 and 2012, which significantly hampered the United States Intelligence Community. ](/news/2017/05/20/china-united-states-relations-former-united-states-officials-report-that-18-20-central-intelligence-agency-sources-were-killed-or-impri.md) _Context: Government of China_
3. [The Government of China begins a two-day summit in Beijing, in an attempt to raise international support for its Belt and Road Initiative. ](/news/2017/05/14/the-government-of-china-begins-a-two-day-summit-in-beijing-in-an-attempt-to-raise-international-support-for-its-belt-and-road-initiative.md) _Context: Government of China_
4. [The People's Republic of China expresses its opposition to unilateral sanctions against North Korea in the wake of the imposition of new sanctions by the United States on the country in response to its recent nuclear and rocket tests. ](/news/2016/03/17/the-people-s-republic-of-china-expresses-its-opposition-to-unilateral-sanctions-against-north-korea-in-the-wake-of-the-imposition-of-new-san.md) _Context: Government of China_
5. [China-Taiwan Relations. China says Chinese passengers flying from the Chinese cities of Nanchang, Kunming, and Chongqing, will be allowed to stop at Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport before flying to a third destination. Taiwan President Ma Ying-jeou applauded this step toward normalizing relations between the two states. Taiwan's opposition party expressed concern that Beijing is trying to interfere with the country's January 16, 2016, presidential and legislative elections. ](/news/2016/01/5/china-taiwan-relations-china-says-chinese-passengers-flying-from-the-chinese-cities-of-nanchang-kunming-and-chongqing-will-be-allowed-to.md) _Context: Government of China_
6. [Pollution in China. The Chinese government warns residents in Northern China to prepare for a wave of choking smog arriving over the weekend and lasting through Tuesday, with Beijing affected hardest. The capital city issues its second-ever "red alert" -- the first was announced on December 7, 2015. This alert triggers the odd-even license plate system to halve cars on the road, and recommends schools close. China's National Meteorological Center reports the pollution will stretch from Xi'an, across part of Central China, through Beijing and up into Shenyang and Harbin in China's frigid northeast. ](/news/2015/12/18/pollution-in-china-the-chinese-government-warns-residents-in-northern-china-to-prepare-for-a-wave-of-choking-smog-arriving-over-the-weekend.md) _Context: Government of China_
7. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. China-United States relations. U.S. officials say the U.S. Navy deliberately avoided military drills or other actions that could have further inflamed tensions with Beijing during the USS Lassen's patrol in the South China Sea last week. For instance, the Lassen turned off its fire-control radars while transiting within 12 nautical miles of Subi Reef. On its part, the Chinese destroyer following the Lassen was, "very cordial the entire time - before and after the Spratly Islands transit," said the Lassen's commanding officer, Commander Robert Francis. ](/news/2015/11/6/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-china-united-states-relations-u-s-officials-say-the-u-s-navy-deliberately-avoided-military.md) _Context: Government of China_
8. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. China-United States relations. A United States Navy ship, the USS "Lassen", sails near the Spratly Islands, challenging Beijing's claim that the islands are Chinese territory. China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs strongly condemned the actions of the United States in the South China Sea, saying -China will firmly react to this deliberate provocation". ](/news/2015/10/27/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-china-united-states-relations-a-united-states-navy-ship-the-uss-lassen-sails-near-the-sp.md) _Context: Government of China_
9. [Hong Kong electoral reform. The Legislative Council of Hong Kong rejects a Beijing-backed electoral reform which sparked the Occupy Central with Love and Peace movement. ](/news/2015/06/18/hong-kong-electoral-reform-the-legislative-council-of-hong-kong-rejects-a-beijing-backed-electoral-reform-which-sparked-the-occupy-central.md) _Context: Government of China_
10. [An experimental vaccine for dengue fever has been developed in Manila. ](/news/2014/07/11/an-experimental-vaccine-for-dengue-fever-has-been-developed-in-manila.md) _Context: vaccine_
