### [2016-04-14](/news/2016/04/14/index.md)

# Thousands of opposition supporters rally in Harare, Zimbabwe, against President Robert Mugabe and the deteriorating economy. The rally was banned by the police, however, it went ahead after a ruling by the High Court sanctioned the protest. 

Some 2,000 Zimbabwean opposition supporters, some calling on President Mugabe to resign, rally in Harare, the biggest such protest in many years.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-africa-36047601)

### Related:

1. [ Former South African President Thabo Mbeki will mediate between the Movement for Democratic Change and Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe's government after Mugabe takes control of ministries that command the military and the police, an action that allegedly violates the power-sharing agreement reached last month. ](/news/2008/10/11/former-south-african-president-thabo-mbeki-will-mediate-between-the-movement-for-democratic-change-and-zimbabwean-president-robert-mugabe-s.md) _Context: President, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe, police_
2. [2016 Zimbabwe protests. Protests in Harare and elsewhere in the country continue despite police intimidation and pleas by President Robert Mugabe for them to stop. ](/news/2016/07/8/2016-zimbabwe-protests-protests-in-harare-and-elsewhere-in-the-country-continue-despite-police-intimidation-and-pleas-by-president-robert-m.md) _Context: Harare, President, Robert Mugabe_
3. [2016 Zimbabwe protests. National "Stay Away" protests, organized over the Internet via the WhatsApp social messaging platform, take place in Zimbabwe, following fears of an economic collapse amid calls for President Robert Mugabe's resignation.](/news/2016/07/6/2016-zimbabwe-protests-national-stay-away-protests-organized-over-the-internet-via-the-whatsapp-social-messaging-platform-take-place-in.md) _Context: President, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
4. [Riots break out in Harare, the capital of Zimbabwe, after police attempt to disperse a protest by the city's taxi drivers. ](/news/2016/07/4/riots-break-out-in-harare-the-capital-of-zimbabwe-after-police-attempt-to-disperse-a-protest-by-the-city-s-taxi-drivers.md) _Context: Harare, Zimbabwe, police_
5. [Zimbabwe's Movement for Democratic Change files papers with the Constitutional Court in Harare arguing that the recent elections be annulled because of widespread allegations of illegalities and intimidation of voters by Robert Mugabe's ZANU-PF party. ](/news/2013/08/9/zimbabwe-s-movement-for-democratic-change-files-papers-with-the-constitutional-court-in-harare-arguing-that-the-recent-elections-be-annulled.md) _Context: Harare, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
6. [A court in Zimbabwe frees 38 people detained for weeks on charges of attempting to overthrow President Robert Mugabe, after they watched videos of the Arab Spring. ](/news/2011/03/7/a-court-in-zimbabwe-frees-38-people-detained-for-weeks-on-charges-of-attempting-to-overthrow-president-robert-mugabe-after-they-watched-vid.md) _Context: President, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
7. [Supporters of Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe stone delegates meeting in the capital Harare to create a new constitution, injuring five people. ](/news/2010/09/19/supporters-of-zimbabwean-president-robert-mugabe-stone-delegates-meeting-in-the-capital-harare-to-create-a-new-constitution-injuring-five-p.md) _Context: Harare, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
8. [President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad opens a trade fair in Bulawayo on his tour of Zimbabwe as the country's President Robert Mugabe back's Iran's "just cause" for developing nuclear energy. ](/news/2010/04/23/president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-opens-a-trade-fair-in-bulawayo-on-his-tour-of-zimbabwe-as-the-country-s-president-robert-mugabe-back-s.md) _Context: President, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
9. [China throws a surprise 86th birthday party for President Robert Mugabe in its Zimbabwe embassy in Harare, the first time Mugabe visited a foreign embassy in the country since Zimbabwe won independence in 1980. ](/news/2010/02/22/china-throws-a-surprise-86th-birthday-party-for-president-robert-mugabe-in-its-zimbabwe-embassy-in-harare-the-first-time-mugabe-visited-a-f.md) _Context: Harare, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
10. [ The Swiss multinational Nestle is buying milk from a farm seized from its white owners and now owned by the wife of Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe, according to England's "The Sunday Telegraph". ](/news/2009/09/27/the-swiss-multinational-nestla-c-is-buying-milk-from-a-farm-seized-from-its-white-owners-and-now-owned-by-the-wife-of-zimbabwe-s-president-r.md) _Context: President, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
