### [2009-10-9](/news/2009/10/9/index.md)

#  A United Nations plane from Uruguay attached to MINUSTAH monitoring the Haiti&ndash;Dominican Republic border crashes near Fonds-Verrettes, killing at least 11 people from Jordan and Uruguay. 




### Source:

1. [Associated Press](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5hHBO2kWWUvl_VvLn8sHsgpjn09DgD9B7U1Q00)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/8300299.stm)
3. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/2009-10/10/content_12203204.htm)

### Related:

1. [ The head of the UN peacekeeping force in Haiti, General Urano Teixeira da Matta Bacellar, is found dead. UN officials believe his death to be suicide. ](/news/2006/01/7/the-head-of-the-un-peacekeeping-force-in-haiti-general-urano-teixeira-da-matta-bacellar-is-found-dead-un-officials-believe-his-death-to.md) _Context: Haiti, MINUSTAH, United Nations_
2. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Jordan, United Nations_
3. [Hurricane Matthew kills at least 26 people on the island of Hispaniola; 22 in Haiti and four more in the Dominican Republic. The U.S. National Hurricane Center predicts the storm, currently a Category 3 with  maximum sustained winds of  115 mph (185 km/h), will strengthen as it moves across the Bahamas tonight and tomorrow, and be near the east coast of Florida by tomorrow evening. ](/news/2016/10/5/hurricane-matthew-kills-at-least-26-people-on-the-island-of-hispaniola-22-in-haiti-and-four-more-in-the-dominican-republic-the-u-s-nation.md) _Context: Dominican Republic, Haiti_
4. [The United Nations launches an emergency appeal for almost U.S.$120 million in life-saving help for 750,000 survivors in Haiti at risk of starvation and/or cholera. ](/news/2016/10/11/the-united-nations-launches-an-emergency-appeal-for-almost-u-s-120-million-in-life-saving-help-for-750-000-survivors-in-haiti-at-risk-of-st.md) _Context: Haiti, United Nations_
5. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of  talks  over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan,  the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saud.md) _Context: Jordan, United Nations_
6. [Five deaths occurred in Haiti as Tropical Storm Erika dumped heavy rains there, on the Dominican Republic, and on Puerto Rico. The storm weakened to a Tropical Depression before it hit Cuba (max winds 56 kph (35 mph), heading to the southeastern Gulf of Mexico. ](/news/2015/08/29/five-deaths-occurred-in-haiti-as-tropical-storm-erika-dumped-heavy-rains-there-on-the-dominican-republic-and-on-puerto-rico-the-storm-wea.md) _Context: Dominican Republic, Haiti_
7. [The Prime Minister of Haiti Evans Paul accuses the Dominican Republic of causing a humanitarian crisis by mass deportation of people mainly from Haiti. ](/news/2015/06/25/the-prime-minister-of-haiti-evans-paul-accuses-the-dominican-republic-of-causing-a-humanitarian-crisis-by-mass-deportation-of-people-mainly.md) _Context: Dominican Republic, Haiti_
8. [The United Nations says that the legalization of marijuana in Uruguay is a violation of international law. ](/news/2013/12/12/the-united-nations-says-that-the-legalization-of-marijuana-in-uruguay-is-a-violation-of-international-law.md) _Context: United Nations, Uruguay_
9. [Aid workers and the United Nations raise concerns about rising food prices and increased cholera in Haiti, where Hurricane Sandy has killed at least 52 people. ](/news/2012/10/30/aid-workers-and-the-united-nations-raise-concerns-about-rising-food-prices-and-increased-cholera-in-haiti-where-hurricane-sandy-has-killed.md) _Context: Haiti, United Nations_
10. [Tropical Storm Isaac hits the island of Hispaniola containing Haiti and the Dominican Republic. A hurricane watch threat level is set for Haiti. ](/news/2012/08/24/tropical-storm-isaac-hits-the-island-of-hispaniola-containing-haiti-and-the-dominican-republic-a-hurricane-watch-threat-level-is-set-for-ha.md) _Context: Dominican Republic, Haiti_
