### [2009-10-9](/news/2009/10/9/index.md)

#  Treaty of Lisbon: A statement on Polish President Lech Kaczynski's website says a signing ceremony of the treaty will take place on Saturday at 1000 GMT. 

Czech President Vaclav Klaus wants an opt-out on the Charter of Fundamental Rights attached to the Lisbon Treaty as a condition to his signing it.


### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/world/2009/1010/1224256345693.html)
2. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601087&sid=aldhF9W6mYus)
3. [EuActive](http://www.euractiv.com/en/future-eu/polish-president-sign-lisbon-treaty-saturday/article-186219)
4. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2009/1009/eulisbon.html)

### Related:

1. [ Treaty of Lisbon: Polish President Lech Kaczynski announces his intention to sign the Treaty of Lisbon on Saturday October 10, completing the country's ratification process. The Polish ratification ceremony is due to be attended by President of the European Commission Jose Manuel Barroso. ](/news/2009/10/8/treaty-of-lisbon-p-polish-president-lech-kaczyaski-announces-his-intention-to-sign-the-treaty-of-lisbon-on-saturday-october-10-completing.md) _Context: Lech Kaczynski, Polish, President, Treaty of Lisbon_
2. [ President of Poland Lech Kaczynski signs the Treaty of Lisbon, leaving the Czech Republic as the last national opponent. ](/news/2009/10/10/president-of-poland-lech-kaczyaski-signs-the-treaty-of-lisbon-leaving-the-czech-republic-as-the-last-national-opponent.md) _Context: Lech Kaczynski, Polish, President, Treaty of Lisbon_
3. [ Pressure increases on the Czech and Polish nations to approve the Treaty of Lisbon; Polish President Lech Kaczynski is expected to sign it following the second Irish referendum but Czech President Vaclav Klaus continues to decline. ](/news/2009/10/4/pressure-increases-on-the-czech-and-polish-nations-to-approve-the-treaty-of-lisbon-polish-president-lech-kaczyaski-is-expected-to-sign-it.md) _Context: Lech Kaczynski, Polish, Treaty of Lisbon_
4. [ Aftermath of the 2008 South Ossetia war: Georgian Interior Ministry claims "shots were fired" at a convoy including Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili and Polish President Lech Kaczynski on the border of Georgia and South Ossetia. Several witnesses travelling with the convoy say they heard the automatic gunfire, though it was unclear from which direction it came. Polish Parliament spokesman later comments the incident was "not very serious at all", though "unfortunate" as it put the Polish president in an "awkward" situation.](/news/2008/11/24/aftermath-of-the-2008-south-ossetia-war-p-georgian-interior-ministry-claims-shots-were-fired-at-a-convoy-including-georgian-president-mik.md) _Context: Lech Kaczynski, Polish, President_
5. [Official results show Poland's conservative Law and Justice (PiS) party, led by eurosceptic Jaroslaw Kaczynski and the new PM Beata Szydlo, won more seats than any other party in today's general elections. Kaczynski is the twin brother of the late President Lech Kaczynski, who died in a 2010 jet crash. Prime Minister Ewa Kopacz has conceded defeat. ](/news/2015/10/25/official-results-show-poland-s-conservative-law-and-justice-pis-party-led-by-eurosceptic-jarosaaw-kaczyaski-and-the-new-pm-beata-szyda.md) _Context: Lech Kaczynski, Polish_
6. [A Polish report into the 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash that killed President Lech Kaczynski blames the Polish crew and Russian air traffic controllers for the accident. ](/news/2011/07/29/a-polish-report-into-the-2010-polish-air-force-tu-154-crash-that-killed-president-lech-kaczyaski-blames-the-polish-crew-and-russian-air-tra.md) _Context: Lech Kaczynski, Polish_
7. [In Poland, presidential elections take place after the death of President Lech Kaczynski on April 10, 2010 in a plane crash. ](/news/2010/06/20/in-poland-presidential-elections-take-place-after-the-death-of-president-lech-kaczyaski-on-april-10-2010-in-a-plane-crash.md) _Context: Lech Kaczynski, Polish_
8. [Poland announces the date of its presidential election &mdash; June 20 &mdash; to elect plane crash victim Lech Kaczynski's successor. ](/news/2010/04/21/poland-announces-the-date-of-its-presidential-election-mdash-june-20-mdash-to-elect-plane-crash-victim-lech-kaczyaski-s-successor.md) _Context: Lech Kaczynski, Polish_
9. [Controversy arises over the decision to bury Polish President Lech Kaczynski in Wawel Cathedral in Krakow--a place reserved for Poland's kings and heroes. Hundreds of people have taken to the streets in protest, and thousands have joined an internet campaign objecting to the plan. ](/news/2010/04/14/controversy-arises-over-the-decision-to-bury-polish-president-lech-kaczyaski-in-wawel-cathedral-in-kraka3waa-place-reserved-for-poland-s.md) _Context: Lech Kaczynski, Polish_
10. [The body of Poland's First Lady, Maria Kaczynska, is flown to Warsaw to lie in state alongside that of her husband, President Lech Kaczynski. Poland has seen an outpouring of grief since the couple and scores of other senior Polish officials died in a plane crash in western Russia on Saturday. ](/news/2010/04/13/the-body-of-poland-s-first-lady-maria-kaczyaska-is-flown-to-warsaw-to-lie-in-state-alongside-that-of-her-husband-president-lech-kaczyas.md) _Context: Lech Kaczynski, Polish_
