### [2006-04-2](/news/2006/04/2/index.md)

#  An outbreak of tornadoes, the April 2, 2006 Tornado Outbreak, hits northeastern Arkansas, the Missouri Bootheel, and West Tennessee killing 27.




### Related:

1. [U.S. tornado outbreak:Seven US states declare a state of emergency following heavy storms including Alabama, Arkansas, Kentucky, Mississippi, Missouri, Tennessee and Oklahoma. ](/news/2011/04/28/u-s-tornado-outbreak-pseven-us-states-declare-a-state-of-emergency-following-heavy-storms-including-alabama-arkansas-kentucky-mississipp.md) _Context: Arkansas, Missouri, Tennessee_
2. [Voters in the U.S. states of Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Colorado, Georgia, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas, Vermont, Virginia, and the overseas territory of American Samoa go to the polls to vote on Super Tuesday. ](/news/2016/03/1/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-alabama-alaska-arkansas-colorado-georgia-massachusetts-minnesota-oklahoma-tennessee-texas-vermont-vi.md) _Context: Arkansas, Tennessee_
3. [Tornadoes of 2015 At least six people die and dozens injured as major storms, packed with tornadoes, move through the American South and Midwest. Three people died when a tornado hit northern Mississippi, one was killed in Arkansas and two more in Tennessee. Officials continue  searching into the night for the missing. ](/news/2015/12/23/tornadoes-of-2015-pat-least-six-people-die-and-dozens-injured-as-major-storms-packed-with-tornadoes-move-through-the-american-south-and-mi.md) _Context: Arkansas, Tennessee_
4. [May 2011 tornado outbreak in the US:The National Weather Service continues issuing tornado warnings for parts of the Central United States, including Arkansas, Oklahoma and Missouri. ](/news/2011/05/23/may-2011-tornado-outbreak-in-the-us-pthe-national-weather-service-continues-issuing-tornado-warnings-for-parts-of-the-central-united-states.md) _Context: Arkansas, Missouri_
5. [A boiler explosion at a Missouri box company in St. Louis's historic Soulard neighborhood kills three people and injures four others. ](/news/2017/04/3/a-boiler-explosion-at-a-missouri-box-company-in-st-louis-s-historic-soulard-neighborhood-kills-three-people-and-injures-four-others.md) _Context: Missouri_
6. [Arkansas becomes the first U.S. state since Texas in 2000 to hold two executions on the same day as executes convicted murderers Jack Jones, Jr. and Marcel Williams. ](/news/2017/04/24/arkansas-becomes-the-first-u-s-state-since-texas-in-2000-to-hold-two-executions-on-the-same-day-as-executes-convicted-murderers-jack-jones.md) _Context: Arkansas_
7. [Arkansas executes Ledell Lee, the first inmate executed in the state since 2005. ](/news/2017/04/20/arkansas-executes-ledell-lee-the-first-inmate-executed-in-the-state-since-2005.md) _Context: Arkansas_
8. [The Supreme Court of the United States refuses to vacate a stay of execution issued by the Arkansas Supreme Court. Arkansas's highest court has also put on hold the execution of another inmate, Bruce Ward. The state had planned to execute eight inmates in eleven days. That schedule, as well as the use of the drug midazolam, sparked a broad range of legal challenges and humanitarian concerns about the executions. Today's planned execution of Don W. Davis would have been the state's first since 2005. ](/news/2017/04/18/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-refuses-to-vacate-a-stay-of-execution-issued-by-the-arkansas-supreme-court-arkansas-s-highest-court.md) _Context: Arkansas_
9. [Chuck Berry, pioneering rock music singer and guitarist, dies in the U.S. state of Missouri at the age of 90. Berry was one of the first inductees in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. ](/news/2017/03/18/chuck-berry-pioneering-rock-music-singer-and-guitarist-dies-in-the-u-s-state-of-missouri-at-the-age-of-90-berry-was-one-of-the-first-ind.md) _Context: Missouri_
10. [An AMBER Alert is issued in Tennessee and Alabama for Elizabeth Thomas, who is believed to have been kidnapped by her former high school teacher Tad Cummins. ](/news/2017/03/14/an-amber-alert-is-issued-in-tennessee-and-alabama-for-elizabeth-thomas-who-is-believed-to-have-been-kidnapped-by-her-former-high-school-tea.md) _Context: Tennessee_
