### [2003-02-23](/news/2003/02/23/index.md)

#  The 45th Grammy Awards ceremony is held in New York City, dominated by newcomer Norah Jones receiving eight awards including Record of the Year, Album of the Year, Song of the Year and Best New Artist.




### Related:

1. [Adele wins the Record of the Year and Song of the Year for "Hello" and Album of the Year for "25". Chance the Rapper wins the Grammy Award for Best New Artist. David Bowie wins four posthumous awards, two for his final studio album "Blackstar" and two for its title track. ](/news/2017/02/12/adele-wins-the-record-of-the-year-and-song-of-the-year-for-hello-and-album-of-the-year-for-25-chance-the-rapper-wins-the-grammy-award-f.md) _Context: Album of the Year, Grammy Award for Best New Artist, Record of the Year, Song of the Year_
2. [Macklemore & Ryan Lewis wins Best New Artist, Lorde wins Song of the Year for "Royals", and Daft Punk wins Record of the Year for "Get Lucky" and Album of the Year for "Random Access Memories". ](/news/2014/01/26/macklemore-ryan-lewis-wins-best-new-artist-lorde-wins-song-of-the-year-for-royals-and-daft-punk-wins-record-of-the-year-for-get-lucky.md) _Context: Album of the Year, Grammy Award for Best New Artist, Record of the Year, Song of the Year_
3. [ 51st Grammy Awards: Robert Plant and Alison Krauss win Record of the Year for "Please Read the Letter" and Coldplay wins Song of the Year for "Viva la Vida." ](/news/2009/02/8/51st-grammy-awards-robert-plant-and-alison-krauss-win-record-of-the-year-for-please-read-the-letter-and-coldplay-wins-song-of-the-year-f.md) _Context: Record of the Year, Song of the Year_
4. [ The Dixie Chicks dominate the 2007 Grammy Awards by winning five statuettes, including Record and Song of the Year ("Not Ready to Make Nice"). ](/news/2007/02/11/the-dixie-chicks-dominate-the-2007-grammy-awards-by-winning-five-statuettes-including-record-and-song-of-the-year-not-ready-to-make-nice.md) _Context: Record of the Year, Song of the Year_
5. [Both the FBI and NSD declare that they possess no records indicating that Trump Tower in New York City, New York was wiretapped earlier in March. ](/news/2017/09/2/both-the-fbi-and-nsd-declare-that-they-possess-no-records-indicating-that-trump-tower-in-new-york-city-new-york-was-wiretapped-earlier-in-m.md) _Context: New York City_
6. [SpaceX CEO Elon Musk says he has received federal government approval for The Boring Company to build an underground 760mph Hyperloop that will connect New York City and Washington, D.C.. ](/news/2017/07/20/spacex-ceo-elon-musk-says-he-has-received-federal-government-approval-for-the-boring-company-to-build-an-underground-760mph-hyperloop-that-w.md) _Context: New York City_
7. [A doctor thought to be formerly employed with the Bronx-Lebanon Hospital Center kills one and wounds five others at the facility in New York City. ](/news/2017/06/30/a-doctor-thought-to-be-formerly-employed-with-the-bronx-lebanon-hospital-center-kills-one-and-wounds-five-others-at-the-facility-in-new-york.md) _Context: New York City_
8. [The Tony Awards are held in New York City with "Dear Evan Hansen" winning six awards including Best Musical and "Oslo" winning best play. ](/news/2017/06/11/the-tony-awards-are-held-in-new-york-city-with-dear-evan-hansen-winning-six-awards-including-best-musical-and-oslo-winning-best-play.md) _Context: New York City_
9. [An automobile crashes into pedestrians in New York City's Times Square, killing one person and injuring several others. Police are investigating the incident as an accident. ](/news/2017/05/18/an-automobile-crashes-into-pedestrians-in-new-york-city-s-times-square-killing-one-person-and-injuring-several-others-police-are-investiga.md) _Context: New York City_
10. [Amtrak Police taser a man at New York's Penn Station after the man allegedly became agitated due to a delayed train. Bystanders, falsely believing a shooting had occurred, caused a stampede, injuring more than a dozen people. ](/news/2017/04/14/amtrak-police-taser-a-man-at-new-york-s-penn-station-after-the-man-allegedly-became-agitated-due-to-a-delayed-train-bystanders-falsely-bel.md) _Context: New York City_
