### [2003-11-6](/news/2003/11/6/index.md)

#  Also in the United States, New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer is reported ready to take further action in widening mutual fund investigations.




### Related:

1. [ William Donaldson, chairman of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, launches a scathing attack on the US securities and mutual fund industries. Eliot Spitzer, New York Attorney General, is expected to shortly file civil and criminal charges against a widening group of fund management companies.](/news/2003/11/9/william-donaldson-chairman-of-the-u-s-securities-and-exchange-commission-launches-a-scathing-attack-on-the-us-securities-and-mutual-fund.md) _Context: Eliot Spitzer, mutual fund_
2. [Luisa Ortega Diaz, Venezuela's attorney general, denounces a rupture of the constitutional order. Some protesters hold banners reading: "No To Dictatorship". ](/news/2017/03/31/luisa-ortega-daaz-venezuela-s-attorney-general-denounces-a-rupture-of-the-constitutional-order-some-protesters-hold-banners-reading-no.md) _Context: attorney general_
3. [ExxonMobil says that it is preparing a response to the subpoena from the Attorney General of New York pursuant to an investigation into whether Exxon has misled the public about climate change. ](/news/2015/11/5/exxonmobil-says-that-it-is-preparing-a-response-to-the-subpoena-from-the-attorney-general-of-new-york-pursuant-to-an-investigation-into-whet.md) _Context: attorney general_
4. [Tonga's Attorney-General suddenly resigns amidst allegations the government is trying to take over his judiciary. ](/news/2010/04/30/tonga-s-attorney-general-suddenly-resigns-amidst-allegations-the-government-is-trying-to-take-over-his-judiciary.md) _Context: attorney general_
5. [ Three former aides to former Governor of New York Eliot Spitzer and the former head of the New York State Police are charged with ethics violations over improper use of travel records of former Republican New York State Senate majority leader Joseph Bruno. ](/news/2008/07/24/three-former-aides-to-former-governor-of-new-york-eliot-spitzer-and-the-former-head-of-the-new-york-state-police-are-charged-with-ethics-vi.md) _Context: Eliot Spitzer_
6. [ Governor of New York Eliot Spitzer resigns effective March 17 amid a prostitution ring scandal. He will be replaced by David Paterson, the first African American and legally blind person to hold this position. ](/news/2008/03/12/governor-of-new-york-eliot-spitzer-resigns-effective-march-17-amid-a-prostitution-ring-scandal-he-will-be-replaced-by-david-paterson-the.md) _Context: Eliot Spitzer_
7. [ Governor of New York Eliot Spitzer is linked with a criminal investigation of an international online prostitution ring. ](/news/2008/03/10/governor-of-new-york-eliot-spitzer-is-linked-with-a-criminal-investigation-of-an-international-online-prostitution-ring.md) _Context: Eliot Spitzer_
8. [ Pakistani Attorney General Malik Qayyum announces the Supreme Court of Pakistan has dismissed five of the six petitions against President Pervez Musharraf's re-election. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7101302.stm (BBC)] At least 80 people die and 100 are wounded in sectarian violence in Kurram Agency. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7101533.stm (BBC)] Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf rejects United States Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte's demand to lift the state of emergency.date=December 2007](/news/2007/11/19/pakistani-attorney-general-malik-qayyum-announces-the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-has-dismissed-five-of-the-six-petitions-against-president-p.md) _Context: attorney general_
9. [ The Governor of New York Eliot Spitzer signs legislation changing the date of the New York primary election to February 5, 2008. ](/news/2007/04/9/the-governor-of-new-york-eliot-spitzer-signs-legislation-changing-the-date-of-the-new-york-primary-election-to-february-5-2008.md) _Context: Eliot Spitzer_
10. [ Dismissal of U.S. attorneys controversy: Monica Goodling, who was an assistant counsel to Attorney General Alberto Gonzales, resigns after refusing to testify before the Congress. ](/news/2007/04/6/dismissal-of-u-s-attorneys-controversy-monica-goodling-who-was-an-assistant-counsel-to-attorney-general-alberto-gonzales-resigns-after.md) _Context: attorney general_
