### [2003-11-6](/news/2003/11/6/index.md)

#  An intruder attempts to insert a Trojan horse program into the code of the next version of the Linux kernel, stored at a publicly accessible source-code repository database. Security features of the BitKeeper system detect the illicit changes within 24 hours. The changes, which would have introduced a security flaw to the kernel, never became a part of the Linux code.




### Related:

1. [ SCO v. IBM: In an open letter to the Linux community published by Silicon Graphics (SGI), SGI states it conducted a comprehensive comparison of the Linux kernel and the UNIX System&nbsp;V source code owned by The SCO Group. According to the letter (authored by SGI Vice President of Software Rich Altmaier), SGI's ""exhaustive comparison"" of the source codes turned up only ""trivial"" code segments that ""may arguably be related"" to SCO's software. The letter also disputed SCO's claims that SGI inappropriately contributed its XFS (eXtensible File System).](/news/2003/10/6/sco-v-ibm-in-an-open-letter-to-the-linux-community-published-by-silicon-graphics-sgi-sgi-states-it-conducted-a-comprehensive-compariso.md) _Context: Linux Kernel, code_
2. [A second victim of the UCLA shooter is found in Minnesota; the shooter is identified as a former Ph.D. candidate in mechanical engineering that claimed his first victim had "cleverly stolen his code." ](/news/2016/06/2/a-second-victim-of-the-ucla-shooter-is-found-in-minnesota-the-shooter-is-identified-as-a-former-ph-d-candidate-in-mechanical-engineering-t.md) _Context: code_
3. [A Latvian man charged by U.S. over the Gozi computer virus (a proxy Trojan horse) pleads guilty. ](/news/2015/09/4/a-latvian-man-charged-by-u-s-over-the-gozi-computer-virus-a-proxy-trojan-horse-pleads-guilty.md) _Context: Trojan horse_
4. [New research reveals Apple and Google are running their iPhone and Android software to build gigantic databases from owners' movements as governments move to investigate. ](/news/2011/04/22/new-research-reveals-apple-and-google-are-running-their-iphone-and-android-software-to-build-gigantic-databases-from-owners-movements-as-go.md) _Context: database_
5. [ Google releases the source code of its open source Operating system Chrome OS. ](/news/2009/11/19/google-releases-the-source-code-of-its-open-source-operating-system-chrome-os.md) _Context: code_
6. [ The Storm Worm Trojan horse infects thousands of computers (mostly private) in Europe and the United States. ](/news/2007/01/19/the-storm-worm-trojan-horse-infects-thousands-of-computers-mostly-private-in-europe-and-the-united-states.md) _Context: Trojan horse_
7. [ Police in Israel say they have uncovered an Industrial espionage plot involving 15 Israeli firms. Trojan horse computer viruses are believed to have been used to hack into rivals' systems and 20 people have so far been arrested. ](/news/2005/05/31/police-in-israel-say-they-have-uncovered-an-industrial-espionage-plot-involving-15-israeli-firms-trojan-horse-computer-viruses-are-believe.md) _Context: Trojan horse_
8. [ Homeland Security official Asa Hutchinson apologizes for a database mix-up that causes U.S. Senator Ted Kennedy to be held up at airline gates three times, on suspicion that he is a terrorist. ](/news/2004/08/20/homeland-security-official-asa-hutchinson-apologizes-for-a-database-mix-up-that-causes-u-s-senator-ted-kennedy-to-be-held-up-at-airline-ga.md) _Context: database_
9. [ Apple Computer is investigating a reported security flaw in Mac OS X operating system that could allow hackers to trick Macs into opening dangerous files, such as Trojan horses and viruses. ](/news/2004/04/11/apple-computer-is-investigating-a-reported-security-flaw-in-mac-os-x-operating-system-that-could-allow-hackers-to-trick-macs-into-opening-d.md) _Context: Trojan horse_
10. [ Part of the source code for Microsoft's Windows NT 4 and Windows 2000 products has been leaked to the internet. It is thought that the leak constitutes only a part of the source, and may have originated from Mainsoft. Copies of something purporting to be the Windows source have been reported to be available on various file sharing networks.](/news/2004/02/12/part-of-the-source-code-for-microsoft-s-windows-nt-4-and-windows-2000-products-has-been-leaked-to-the-internet-it-is-thought-that-the-leak.md) _Context: code_
