### [2003-11-6](/news/2003/11/6/index.md)

#  Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld unveils a troop replacement plan for Iraq. Overall number of American soldiers in the country will decrease next year, if security conditions permit. United States Senator John McCain (R-Ariz.) criticizes the Bush administration's plans to reduce troops in Iraq. The former Vietnam POW discusses why more ground troops are needed to meet policy goals. One US soldier is killed and 2 injured in another ambush. The US begins informing units that will be needed in Iraq in 2004. The Marines will be returning. The United States Department of Defense summarizes US casualties so far. The first Polish soldier is killed in Iraq. A CNN/USA Today Gallup poll suggests that support for President Bush's handling of Iraq is slipping; a majority of the people polled disapprove of what is being done.




### Related:

1. [U.S. Senator John McCain is diagnosed with a malignant brain cancer, glioblastoma multiforme. This is his second battle with cancer, after having been successfully treated for malignant melanoma. ](/news/2017/07/19/u-s-senator-john-mccain-is-diagnosed-with-a-malignant-brain-cancer-glioblastoma-multiforme-this-is-his-second-battle-with-cancer-after-h.md) _Context: John McCain, United States Senate_
2. [President-elect Donald Trump names retired United States Marine Corps general James Mattis as United States Secretary of Defense. ](/news/2016/12/1/president-elect-donald-trump-names-retired-united-states-marine-corps-general-james-mattis-as-united-states-secretary-of-defense.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Marines_
3. [While testifying about the United States military's current strategy, Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Paul J. Selva warns the Senate Armed Services Committee (SASC) against falling into a ground fight trap with ISIL and U.S. Defense Secretary Ashton Carter cautions that increased U.S. ground presence will "Americanize" the conflict. The Daily Beast reports that both Pentagon officials "did little to assuage lawmakers' concerns that the strategy isn't working.'' At the same time, former U.S. defense officials tell SASC the current approach is inadequate. ](/news/2015/12/10/while-testifying-about-the-united-states-militaryas-current-strategy-vice-chairman-of-the-joint-chiefs-of-staff-general-paul-j-selva-war.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, U.S. military_
4. [Chuck Hagel is confirmed by the Senate as the United States Secretary of Defense. ](/news/2013/02/26/chuck-hagel-is-confirmed-by-the-senate-as-the-united-states-secretary-of-defense.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, United States Senate_
5. [The United States Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta tells the Marine Corps to re-investigate and take appropriate action against snipers who posed with a logo resembling that of the Nazi Schutzstaffel in Afghanistan. ](/news/2012/02/10/the-united-states-secretary-of-defense-leon-panetta-tells-the-marine-corps-to-re-investigate-and-take-appropriate-action-against-snipers-who.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Marines_
6. [United States Secretary of Defense Robert Gates urges the United States Senate to abolish "don't ask don't tell" for gays and lesbians serving in the US military and releases a report showing that ending the policy would have little impact. ](/news/2010/11/30/united-states-secretary-of-defense-robert-gates-urges-the-united-states-senate-to-abolish-don-t-ask-don-t-tell-for-gays-and-lesbians-servi.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, United States Senate_
7. [Robert Gates, the United States Secretary of Defense, outlines a $100 billion savings plan for his Department. ](/news/2010/09/14/robert-gates-the-united-states-secretary-of-defense-outlines-a-100-billion-savings-plan-for-his-department.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, U.S. military_
8. [ Former United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld is accused of quoting the Bible while briefing then-President George W. Bush. ](/news/2009/05/18/former-united-states-secretary-of-defense-donald-rumsfeld-is-accused-of-quoting-the-bible-while-briefing-then-president-george-w-bush.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld_
9. [ Reports indicate that President-elect Barack Obama has decided to keep Robert Gates as the United States Secretary of Defense and tap Marine General James L. Jones as National Security Advisor. ](/news/2008/11/25/reports-indicate-that-president-elect-barack-obama-has-decided-to-keep-robert-gates-as-the-united-states-secretary-of-defense-and-tap-marin.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Marines_
10. [ The America's Climate Security Act of 2007, a greenhouse gas emissions reduction bill, stalls in the U.S. Senate after a 48-36 vote fails to invoke cloture on a Republican filibuster. Presidential candidates John McCain and Barack Obama were among six senators absent from the vote who expressed support for the bill. ](/news/2008/06/6/the-america-s-climate-security-act-of-2007-a-greenhouse-gas-emissions-reduction-bill-stalls-in-the-u-s-senate-after-a-48-36-vote-fails-t.md) _Context: John McCain, United States Senate_
