### [2003-11-6](/news/2003/11/6/index.md)

#  Free software: The People's Republic of China government has announced that it will fund Linux software development as an alternative to Microsoft's Windows operating system.




### Related:

1. [A ransomware cyberattack continues to infect computers of private and public organisations around the world, and demand payment in bitcoin. The method used by the program, EternalBlue, was originally developed by the National Security Agency to exploit a vulnerability in Microsoft Windows, and was leaked by The Shadow Brokers in April. ](/news/2017/05/13/a-ransomware-cyberattack-continues-to-infect-computers-of-private-and-public-organisations-around-the-world-and-demand-payment-in-bitcoin.md) _Context: Microsoft Windows_
2. [Steam for Linux is released, beginning the expansion of Valve's game service onto the free and open-source platform. This leads to 2000 games being ported to the platform in a span of a little over 3 years.](/news/2013/02/14/steam-for-linux-is-released-beginning-the-expansion-of-valve-s-game-service-onto-the-free-and-open-source-platform-this-leads-to-2000-game.md) _Context: Linux_
3. [ Computer worm Conficker infects more than eight million Microsoft Windows-based personal computers. ](/news/2009/01/16/computer-worm-conficker-infects-more-than-eight-million-microsoft-windows-based-personal-computers.md) _Context: Microsoft Windows_
4. [ Windows Vista, the latest version of the Microsoft Windows operating system is released worldwide to consumers. Several security flaws are detected within the first few hours of its release. ](/news/2007/01/30/windows-vista-the-latest-version-of-the-microsoft-windows-operating-system-is-released-worldwide-to-consumers-several-security-flaws-are.md) _Context: Microsoft Windows_
5. [ Competing software manufacturers Microsoft and Novell hold a [http://www.novell.com/linux/microsoft/webcast.html press conference] to [http://www.microsoft.com/presspass/press/2006/nov06/11-02MSNovellPR.mspx announce a collaboration] on technologies for inter operation between Microsoft's Windows and Novell's SUSE Linux operating systems.](/news/2006/11/2/competing-software-manufacturers-microsoft-and-novell-hold-a-http-www-novell-com-linux-microsoft-webcast-html-press-conference-to-http.md) _Context: Microsoft Windows_
6. [ In a major development for the Free Software movement, Sun Microsystems releases the Java programming language under the GNU General Public Licence. ](/news/2006/11/13/in-a-major-development-for-the-free-software-movement-sun-microsystems-releases-the-java-programming-language-under-the-gnu-general-public.md) _Context: Free Software_
7. [ Several exploits of a severe Windows security vulnerability are spreading over the Internet, permitting compromise of any Windows computer merely by viewing a maliciously crafted image on a website or in e-mail or instant messaging. No patch from Microsoft is available, however an unofficial patch exists ](/news/2006/01/2/several-exploits-of-a-severe-windows-security-vulnerability-are-spreading-over-the-internet-permitting-compromise-of-any-windows-computer.md) _Context: Microsoft Windows_
8. [ A draft of the new version (3) of the GNU General Public License is released. The "new" version has provisions blocking GPL code from being used in, or "secured" by, digital rights management schemes. The "Freeness" provisions also restricts the patent rights coders can claim in their GPL-licensed programs. ](/news/2006/01/17/a-draft-of-the-new-version-3-of-the-gnu-general-public-license-is-released-the-new-version-has-provisions-blocking-gpl-code-from-being.md) _Context: Free Software_
9. [ In India, HCL infosystems and Dayanidhi Maran, communications minister, unveil cheap "PC for India" with Linux OS, costing 9990 rupees (equivalent to US$225) ](/news/2005/08/1/in-india-hcl-infosystems-and-dayanidhi-maran-communications-minister-unveil-cheap-pc-for-india-with-linux-os-costing-9990-rupees-equ.md) _Context: Linux_
10. [ Microsoft is to be fined a record EUR497 million ($613 million) by the European Commission as punishment for abusing its Windows monopoly, according to reports ahead of a key meeting by EU Commissioners on Wednesday. ](/news/2004/03/22/microsoft-is-to-be-fined-a-record-a-497-million-613-million-by-the-european-commission-as-punishment-for-abusing-its-windows-monopoly.md) _Context: Microsoft Windows_
