### [2003-11-6](/news/2003/11/6/index.md)

#  In Rwanda, four former government ministers go on trial on charges of masterminding genocide in 1994.




### Related:

1. [A French court sentences two former Rwandan mayors of the town of Kabarondo to life in prison on charges of crimes against humanity and genocide committed during the Rwandan Genocide in 1994. During the genocide, Hutu extremists massacred over 2,000 Tutsi who sought refuge in the town. ](/news/2016/07/7/a-french-court-sentences-two-former-rwandan-mayors-of-the-town-of-kabarondo-to-life-in-prison-on-charges-of-crimes-against-humanity-and-geno.md) _Context: Rwanda, genocide_
2. [Rwanda withdraws a threat to remove its peacekeepers from Darfur after a United Nations report accused the Rwandan army of genocide in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. ](/news/2010/09/27/rwanda-withdraws-a-threat-to-remove-its-peacekeepers-from-darfur-after-a-united-nations-report-accused-the-rwandan-army-of-genocide-in-the-d.md) _Context: Rwanda, genocide_
3. [A draft United Nations report says crimes by the Rwandan army and allied rebels in Democratic Republic of the Congo during the Second Congo War could be classified as genocide. ](/news/2010/08/27/a-draft-united-nations-report-says-crimes-by-the-rwandan-army-and-allied-rebels-in-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-during-the-second-congo.md) _Context: Rwanda, genocide_
4. [Rwanda president Paul Kagame's rival Victoire Ingabire Umuhoza is released one day after her arrest on charges of terrorism and genocide denial but banned from leaving Kigali and ordered to report to authorities twice a month. ](/news/2010/04/22/rwanda-president-paul-kagame-s-rival-victoire-ingabire-umuhoza-is-released-one-day-after-her-arrest-on-charges-of-terrorism-and-genocide-den.md) _Context: Rwanda, genocide_
5. [Rwandan opposition leader Victoire Ingabire Umuhoza is arrested on charges such as collaboration with a terrorist organisation and genocide denial. ](/news/2010/04/21/rwandan-opposition-leader-victoire-ingabire-umuhoza-is-arrested-on-charges-such-as-collaboration-with-a-terrorist-organisation-and-genocide.md) _Context: Rwanda, genocide_
6. [ Gregoire Ndahimana, a Rwandan fugitive accused of genocide and crimes against humanity, is arrested by a joint Rwandan-Congolese military operation. ](/news/2009/08/12/gregoire-ndahimana-a-rwandan-fugitive-accused-of-genocide-and-crimes-against-humanity-is-arrested-by-a-joint-rwandan-congolese-military-o.md) _Context: Rwanda, genocide_
7. [ The UN's International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda hands down a life sentence to Juvenal Kajelijeli, a former mayor of Mukingo, Nyanza District, for his role in the 1994 genocide in which more than 500,000 Rwandans were killed. [http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&cid=515&ncid=723&e=5&u=/ap/20031201/ap_on_re_af/un_rwanda_tribunal]](/news/2003/12/1/the-un-s-international-criminal-tribunal-for-rwanda-hands-down-a-life-sentence-to-juvenal-kajelijeli-a-former-mayor-of-mukingo-nyanza-dis.md) _Context: Rwanda, genocide_
8. [Voters in Rwanda go to the polls to elect their president. Paul Kagame, incumbent since 2000, referred to the election as a formality, despite challenges from the Democratic Greens' Frank Habineza and independent Philippe Mpayimana. Kagame is re-elected with 98.66 of the vote. ](/news/2017/08/4/voters-in-rwanda-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-their-president-paul-kagame-incumbent-since-2000-referred-to-the-election-as-a-formality-despi.md) _Context: Rwanda_
9. [United Nations officials announce the creation of a new team in Geneva to investigate possible war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide during the Syrian Civil War in order to prepare for future prosecutions of those responsible. ](/news/2017/02/16/united-nations-officials-announce-the-creation-of-a-new-team-in-geneva-to-investigate-possible-war-crimes-crimes-against-humanity-and-genoc.md) _Context: genocide_
10. [A United Nations official accuses Myanmar of committing genocide against the Rohingya. ](/news/2016/11/24/a-united-nations-official-accuses-myanmar-of-committing-genocide-against-the-rohingya.md) _Context: genocide_
