### [2003-11-6](/news/2003/11/6/index.md)

#  In the United States, Democratic candidate Howard Dean issues an apology for controversial remarks. He stated previously he wanted to be a candidate for ""guys with Confederate flags on their pickup trucks"."




### Related:

1. [ Democratic Presidential Primaries: Howard Dean tells his supporters that he must win the Wisconsin Democratic primary in order to stay in the Democratic presidential race.](/news/2004/02/6/democratic-presidential-primaries-howard-dean-tells-his-supporters-that-he-must-win-the-wisconsin-democratic-primary-in-order-to-stay-in-t.md) _Context: Democratic, Howard Dean_
2. [ U.S. presidential election, 2004: The Iowa caucuses yield unexpectedly strong results for Democratic candidates John Kerry, who earns 38% of the state's delegates and John Edwards, who takes 32%. Former front-runner Howard Dean slips to 18%, and Richard A. "Dick" Gephardt's fourth-place (11%) finish prompts him to end his presidential bid.](/news/2004/01/19/u-s-presidential-election-2004-the-iowa-caucuses-yield-unexpectedly-strong-results-for-democratic-candidates-john-kerry-who-earns-38-o.md) _Context: Democratic, Howard Dean_
3. [Al Gore endorses Howard Dean's candidacy for the Democratic presidential nomination for the 2004 U.S. presidential election. [http://www.msnbc.com/news/1002878.asp?0sl=-21&cp1=1]](/news/2003/12/9/al-gore-endorses-howard-dean-s-candidacy-for-the-democratic-presidential-nomination-for-the-2004-u-s-presidential-election-http-www-msn.md) _Context: Democratic, Howard Dean_
4. [A head on crash between a pickup truck and a church bus outside Garner State Park in the American state of Texas kills at least 12 people and injures 3 others. ](/news/2017/03/29/a-head-on-crash-between-a-pickup-truck-and-a-church-bus-outside-garner-state-park-in-the-american-state-of-texas-kills-at-least-12-people-an.md) _Context: pickup truck_
5. [Thirteen are killed and another 10 are injured when a pickup truck crashes in Texas. ](/news/2012/07/22/thirteen-are-killed-and-another-10-are-injured-when-a-pickup-truck-crashes-in-texas.md) _Context: pickup truck_
6. [ General Motors announces it will close 4 pickup truck and sports utility vehicle factories in Janesville, Wisconsin, Oshawa, Ontario, Moraine, Ohio, and Toluca, State of Mexico, eliminating 10,000 jobs; it also announces plans for a small car that will achieve 45 miles per gallon in response to rising fuel prices. ](/news/2008/06/3/general-motors-announces-it-will-close-4-pickup-truck-and-sports-utility-vehicle-factories-in-janesville-wisconsin-oshawa-ontario-morai.md) _Context: pickup truck_
7. [ General Motors announces that it will cut production of pickup trucks and sport utility vehicles in three plants in Michigan and one in Oshawa, Ontario and negotiate layoffs with the United Auto Workers and Canadian Auto Workers. ](/news/2008/04/28/general-motors-announces-that-it-will-cut-production-of-pickup-trucks-and-sport-utility-vehicles-in-three-plants-in-michigan-and-one-in-osh.md) _Context: pickup truck_
8. [ The Liberal Party of Canada opens its leadership convention, expected to be the most contentious in decades, with a keynote speech by Howard Dean. ](/news/2006/11/29/the-liberal-party-of-canada-opens-its-leadership-convention-expected-to-be-the-most-contentious-in-decades-with-a-keynote-speech-by-howar.md) _Context: Howard Dean_
9. [ Four Ugandan civilians are killed in a rare afternoon ambush on a pickup truck in northeast Uganda by Lord's Resistance Army rebels. The insurgents are suspected of shooting the driver and two passengers and killing a fourth with an axe. ](/news/2005/10/4/four-ugandan-civilians-are-killed-in-a-rare-afternoon-ambush-on-a-pickup-truck-in-northeast-uganda-by-lord-s-resistance-army-rebels-the-in.md) _Context: pickup truck_
10. [ Howard Dean, a former governor of Vermont and a 2004 U.S. presidential candidate, is elected chairman of the Democratic National Committee. ](/news/2005/02/12/howard-dean-a-former-governor-of-vermont-and-a-2004-u-s-presidential-candidate-is-elected-chairman-of-the-democratic-national-committee.md) _Context: Howard Dean_
