### [2003-11-6](/news/2003/11/6/index.md)

#  In the United Kingdom, the Prince of Wales issues a denial of an unspecified allegation whose publication has been prohibited by court injunction granted against the "Mail on Sunday" tabloid newspaper. The injunction had been granted to one former Royal Aide, but earlier today "The Guardian" newspaper had been granted permission to name a person who had sought an injunction. Sir Michael Peat, the Prince's Private Secretary who issues the Prince's statement, attacks the person who had made the original allegation now subject to a court injunction, describing him as someone "who, unfortunately, has suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder and has previously suffered from alcoholism following active service in the Falklands" and who has a history of making wild allegations which when investigated by police were found to be untrue. Peat says the country has been awash with rumours on the issue for the last week and that the Prince's statement was intended to kill off the unfounded speculation. The Prince's Household was previously embroiled in allegations of homosexual rape involving a staff member, amid the allegation that the Prince failed to take appropriate action against the person who allegedly committed the offence. Though details of the incident are not clear, they appear to involved the alleged witnessing of a male royal in bed with a male servant.




### Related:

1. [ "The Guardian" claims that rival English newspaper, the Rupert Murdoch-owned "News of the World" tabloid, paid GBP1 million in court costs after its journalists were accused of involvement in phone tapping celebrities and politicians. ](/news/2009/07/8/the-guardian-claims-that-rival-english-newspaper-the-rupert-murdoch-owned-news-of-the-world-tabloid-paid-agbp1-million-in-court-costs.md) _Context: The Guardian, tabloid_
2. [A priest is arrested and questioned over an alleged drug-induced gay orgy hosted in his apartment in the Vatican City. ](/news/2017/07/5/a-priest-is-arrested-and-questioned-over-an-alleged-drug-induced-gay-orgy-hosted-in-his-apartment-in-the-vatican-city.md) _Context: gay_
3. ["The Guardian" reports that U.S. President Donald Trump has postponed his visit to the United Kingdom, according to a U.K. adviser who said Mr. Trump recently telephoned 10 Downing Street with this information. Both Prime Minister Theresa May's office and the White House deny this report. ](/news/2017/06/11/the-guardian-reports-that-u-s-president-donald-trump-has-postponed-his-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-according-to-a-u-k-adviser-who-said.md) _Context: The Guardian_
4. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte tells soldiers fighting in Mindanao, where he proclaimed martial law earlier this week, that he will accept responsibility for abuses they commit, and jokes that "[i]f you had raped three, I will admit it, that's on me." ](/news/2017/05/27/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-tells-soldiers-fighting-in-mindanao-where-he-proclaimed-martial-law-earlier-this-week-that-he.md) _Context: rape_
5. [Republican Greg Gianforte bodyslams a reporter from "The Guardian" who then reports the situation to police. Gianforte is running against Democrat Rob Quist. ](/news/2017/05/24/republican-greg-gianforte-bodyslams-a-reporter-from-the-guardian-who-then-reports-the-situation-to-police-gianforte-is-running-against-de.md) _Context: The Guardian_
6. [Two Indonesian men are publicly caned by local authorities in Aceh on accusation of illegal homosexual intercourse. ](/news/2017/05/23/two-indonesian-men-are-publicly-caned-by-local-authorities-in-aceh-on-accusation-of-illegal-homosexual-intercourse.md) _Context: gay_
7. [The Extraordinary African Chambers tribunal in Dakar, Senegal, upholds its conviction of former Chadian president Hissene Habre for crimes against humanity, but acquits him of rape. ](/news/2017/04/27/the-extraordinary-african-chambers-tribunal-in-dakar-senegal-upholds-its-conviction-of-former-chadian-president-hissa-ne-habra-c-for-crimes.md) _Context: rape_
8. [A woman who was allegedly raped by Donald Trump drops her lawsuit against the presidential candidate. ](/news/2016/11/5/a-woman-who-was-allegedly-raped-by-donald-trump-drops-her-lawsuit-against-the-presidential-candidate.md) _Context: rape_
9. [A 22-year-old Dutch woman held in Qatar for nearly three months after telling police she had been raped is released following the court ruling of a one-year suspended prison sentence. The Associated Press reports it isn't clear "[...] what sentence was given to the man she accused of rape." ](/news/2016/06/13/a-22-year-old-dutch-woman-held-in-qatar-for-nearly-three-months-after-telling-police-she-had-been-raped-is-released-following-the-court-ruli.md) _Context: rape_
10. [Presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte said that Australia and the United States should go ahead and cut their ties with the Philippines if he was elected president, following critical comments of their ambassadors on his rape remarks. ](/news/2016/04/21/presidential-candidate-rodrigo-duterte-said-that-australia-and-the-united-states-should-go-ahead-and-cut-their-ties-with-the-philippines-if.md) _Context: rape_
