### [2003-11-6](/news/2003/11/6/index.md)

#  Just hours after Bush signed the Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Act, federal judges in California and New York issue injunctions against the newly signed "partial birth abortion" law, forcing the United States government to stop any legal action against doctors who work for Planned Parenthood and the National Abortion Federation, until full hearings can be held on the law's constitutionality.




### Related:

1. [Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-registration-data-from-president-d.md) _Context: California, New York State_
2. [The state of Washington, joined by the states of California, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, and Oregon, asks a federal judge to stop, on constitutional grounds, the revised federal immigration/refugee rules from taking effect on Thursday, March 16. The state of Hawaii has filed a separate, similar request. ](/news/2017/03/13/the-state-of-washington-joined-by-the-states-of-california-maryland-massachusetts-new-york-and-oregon-asks-a-federal-judge-to-stop-on.md) _Context: California, New York State_
3. [New York Governor Andrew Cuomo signs New York State's Marriage Equality Law, legalizing same-sex marriage in New York, and making New York the largest U.S. state to approve such legislation since California reversed its legalization in 2008. ](/news/2011/06/25/new-york-governor-andrew-cuomo-signs-new-york-state-s-marriage-equality-law-legalizing-same-sex-marriage-in-new-york-and-making-new-york-t.md) _Context: California, New York State_
4. [The New York Senate votes to legalise same-sex marriage in New York, assuring passage of the legislation and making New York the largest state to approve such legislation since California reversed its legalization in 2008. ](/news/2011/06/24/the-new-york-senate-votes-to-legalise-same-sex-marriage-in-new-york-assuring-passage-of-the-legislation-and-making-new-york-the-largest-sta.md) _Context: California, New York State_
5. [ Black Friday: As the Christmas shopping season begins in the United States, two are shot at a Toys R Us store in Palm Desert, California, and a Wal-Mart employee is crushed in a stampede after shoppers broke down a front door in Valley Stream, New York. ](/news/2008/11/28/black-friday-as-the-christmas-shopping-season-begins-in-the-united-states-two-are-shot-at-a-toys-r-us-store-in-palm-desert-california-a.md) _Context: California, New York State_
6. [ The Governor of New York David Paterson directs New York state agencies to recognise gay marriages performed in other jurisdictions such as Canada, California and Massachusetts. ](/news/2008/05/28/the-governor-of-new-york-david-paterson-directs-new-york-state-agencies-to-recognise-gay-marriages-performed-in-other-jurisdictions-such-as.md) _Context: California, New York State_
7. [ John Kerry wins the Super Tuesday primaries in California, Connecticut, Georgia, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, Ohio, and Rhode Island and caucus in Minnesota, effectively clinching the nomination. Howard Dean wins in his home state of Vermont even though he is no longer actively campaigning. John Edwards is reported to be withdrawing from the race three hours before polls close in California and just as the caucuses begin in Minnesota.](/news/2004/03/2/john-kerry-wins-the-super-tuesday-primaries-in-california-connecticut-georgia-maryland-massachusetts-new-york-ohio-and-rhode-island.md) _Context: California, New York State_
8. [California passes a bill that will move the primaries to March near Super Tuesday. ](/news/2017/09/16/california-passes-a-bill-that-will-move-the-primaries-to-march-near-super-tuesday.md) _Context: California_
9. [Key housing bills pass in California, the U.S. state with the highest number of people suffering from homelessness and poverty. ](/news/2017/09/15/key-housing-bills-pass-in-california-the-u-s-state-with-the-highest-number-of-people-suffering-from-homelessness-and-poverty.md) _Context: California_
10. [California wants to schedule its primaries earlier than usual, possibly on March or Super Tuesday, to have much more influence in comparison to its weight and diversity and to help Californian candidates, such as Eric Garcetti and Kamala Harris. ](/news/2017/09/14/california-wants-to-schedule-its-primaries-earlier-than-usual-possibly-on-march-or-super-tuesday-to-have-much-more-influence-in-comparison.md) _Context: California_
