### [2003-11-6](/news/2003/11/6/index.md)

#  Pornographic movies: A Seattle-based porn site reportedly will broadcast the sex video of the Los Angeles-based celebutante, Paris Hilton. Friends of hotel heiress state that new video is a "terrible invasion of her privacy". Roger V, president of the company, claims the video is Hilton and Rick Solomon having sex.




### Related:

1. [The La Tuna Fire continues to burn in Los Angeles, California, becoming the largest fire in the city's history at around 5,800 acres. Mayor Eric Garcetti declares a state of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/3/the-la-tuna-fire-continues-to-burn-in-los-angeles-california-becoming-the-largest-fire-in-the-city-s-history-at-around-5-800-acres-mayor.md) _Context: Los Angeles, California_
2. [Seattle mayor Ed Murray announces his resignation after allegations surface that he sexually abused five teenagers in the 1970s and 80s. ](/news/2017/09/12/seattle-mayor-ed-murray-announces-his-resignation-after-allegations-surface-that-he-sexually-abused-five-teenagers-in-the-1970s-and-80s.md) _Context: Seattle_
3. [Bertha, once the world's largest tunnel boring machine, completes its 9,270 ft tunnel under Seattle, Washington, after four years of digging and a lengthy delay near the beginning of the project. ](/news/2017/04/4/bertha-once-the-world-s-largest-tunnel-boring-machine-completes-its-9-270-ft-tunnel-under-seattle-washington-after-four-years-of-digging.md) _Context: Seattle_
4. [The 89th Academy Awards are held in Los Angeles, California. ](/news/2017/02/26/the-89th-academy-awards-are-held-in-los-angeles-california.md) _Context: Los Angeles, California_
5. [Seattle-based Amazon.com says it will create 15,000 new full-time jobs across Europe by the end of 2017, increasing its European workforce by approximately 30 percent. ](/news/2017/02/20/seattle-based-amazon-com-says-it-will-create-15-000-new-full-time-jobs-across-europe-by-the-end-of-2017-increasing-its-european-workforce-b.md) _Context: Seattle_
6. [ The U.S. Coast Guard continues to search for the missing "F/V Destination", a Seattle-based fishing vessel operating near St. George, Alaska, with a six-member crew. The Coast Guard has discovered a debris field, but no sign of the crew. ](/news/2017/02/13/the-u-s-coast-guard-continues-to-search-for-the-missing-f-v-destination-a-seattle-based-fishing-vessel-operating-near-st-george-alask.md) _Context: Seattle_
7. [The board for the US$1 billion Lucas Museum of Narrative Art announces it will construct the museum in Los Angeles, California. ](/news/2017/01/10/the-board-for-the-us-1-billion-lucas-museum-of-narrative-art-announces-it-will-construct-the-museum-in-los-angeles-california.md) _Context: Los Angeles, California_
8. [Ex National Football League player Darren Sharper is sentenced to 20 years in prison for drugging and raping two women in the American city of Los Angeles, California. Sharper has been accused of attacking a dozen women across the United States. ](/news/2016/11/29/ex-national-football-league-player-darren-sharper-is-sentenced-to-20-years-in-prison-for-drugging-and-raping-two-women-in-the-american-city.md) _Context: Los Angeles, California_
9. [A group of United States mayors forms ""Mayors Against Discrimination"" in the wake of recent discriminatory laws enacted in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminatory-laws-enacted-in-north-carolina.md) _Context: Seattle_
10. [In Seattle, Washington, a Seattle Fire Department crew, responding to reports of a natural gas leak in the Greenwood neighborhood, are caught in an explosion that injures nine firefighters. The explosion blew out windows in businesses and storefronts in the surrounding blocks, destroying three businesses and heavily damaging a fourth. ](/news/2016/03/9/in-seattle-washington-a-seattle-fire-department-crew-responding-to-reports-of-a-natural-gas-leak-in-the-greenwood-neighborhood-are-caugh.md) _Context: Seattle_
