### [2003-11-6](/news/2003/11/6/index.md)

#  US President Bush signs Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Act. This new law, supported by 70% of Americans, takes effect in all states but Nebraska.




### Related:

1. [President-elect Donald Trump names Tom Price as United States Secretary of Health and Human Services; former President George W. Bush Administration official and wife of Mitch McConnell Elaine Chao as United States Secretary of Transportation; ](/news/2016/11/29/president-elect-donald-trump-names-tom-price-as-united-states-secretary-of-health-and-human-services-former-president-george-w-bush-admini.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
2. [Voters in the state of West Virginia head to the polls to vote in the Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. Voters in the state of Nebraska vote in the Republican presidential primary with Donald Trump just 169 delegates short of securing the nomination. ](/news/2016/05/10/voters-in-the-state-of-west-virginia-head-to-the-polls-to-vote-in-the-democratic-and-republican-presidential-primaries-voters-in-the-state.md) _Context: Nebraska_
3. [The states of Oklahoma and Nebraska, having recently suffered a loss in their frontal attack on Colorado's state-legal cannabis policy, launch another litigation strategy to the same end. ](/news/2016/04/29/the-states-of-oklahoma-and-nebraska-having-recently-suffered-a-loss-in-their-frontal-attack-on-colorado-s-state-legal-cannabis-policy-laun.md) _Context: Nebraska_
4. [Voters in the states of Kansas, Louisiana, Nebraska, Maine, and Kentucky, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico participate in a party caucus or vote in a primary election. ](/news/2016/03/5/voters-in-the-states-of-kansas-louisiana-nebraska-maine-and-kentucky-and-the-commonwealth-of-puerto-rico-participate-in-a-party-caucus.md) _Context: Nebraska_
5. [TransCanada Corp asks the United States Department of State to suspend its review of the Keystone XL pipeline while it negotiates with the US state of Nebraska about the route. If granted, the delay (according to Reuters) would almost certainly mean the decision on the project will be made by a future president. ](/news/2015/11/2/transcanada-corp-asks-the-united-states-department-of-state-to-suspend-its-review-of-the-keystone-xl-pipeline-while-it-negotiates-with-the-u.md) _Context: Nebraska_
6. [In the United States, the National Weather Service issues a blizzard warning for northeastern Colorado and western Kansas with an expected snowfall by midday of 12 inches in Denver, Colorado. Denver International Airport cancels 143 arriving and departing flighits. Several tornadoes occur overnight in northern Texas, western Kansas, and southern Nebraska. ](/news/2015/11/17/in-the-united-states-the-national-weather-service-issues-a-blizzard-warning-for-northeastern-colorado-and-western-kansas-with-an-expected-s.md) _Context: Nebraska_
7. [Tornadoes of 2015: Tornadoes are reported across several states in the Great Plains region of the United States including Oklahoma, Kansas and Nebraska. ](/news/2015/05/6/tornadoes-of-2015-tornadoes-are-reported-across-several-states-in-the-great-plains-region-of-the-united-states-including-oklahoma-kansas-a.md) _Context: Nebraska_
8. [The Legislature of the US state of Nebraska votes to outlaw the death penalty, overriding a veto by Governor Pete Ricketts. ](/news/2015/05/27/the-legislature-of-the-us-state-of-nebraska-votes-to-outlaw-the-death-penalty-overriding-a-veto-by-governor-pete-ricketts.md) _Context: Nebraska_
9. [The legislature in the American state of Nebraska votes to abolish the death penalty. ](/news/2015/05/20/the-legislature-in-the-american-state-of-nebraska-votes-to-abolish-the-death-penalty.md) _Context: Nebraska_
10. [The measles outbreak at Disneyland (Anaheim), which originated on December 28, 2014 (patient zero being an unvaccinated California woman who apparently transmitted the virus through airports and the theme park), but was unreported until January 7, spreads from California to six other states, including Nebraska, and Mexico. It now involves at least eighty-five cases. ](/news/2015/01/24/the-measles-outbreak-at-disneyland-anaheim-which-originated-on-december-28-2014-patient-zero-being-an-unvaccinated-california-woman-who.md) _Context: Nebraska_
