
Formats: [HTML](/news/2003/11/6/war-on-terrorism-suspected-al-qaeda-member-tried-unsuccessfully-to-enter-the-country-around-the-same-time-as-the-september-11-hijackers-ma.html)  [JSON](/news/2003/11/6/war-on-terrorism-suspected-al-qaeda-member-tried-unsuccessfully-to-enter-the-country-around-the-same-time-as-the-september-11-hijackers-ma.json)  [XML](/news/2003/11/6/war-on-terrorism-suspected-al-qaeda-member-tried-unsuccessfully-to-enter-the-country-around-the-same-time-as-the-september-11-hijackers-ma.xml)  

### [2003-11-6](/news/2003/11/6/index.md)

##### War on Terrorism
#  War on Terrorism: Suspected al Qaeda member tried unsuccessfully to enter the country around the same time as the September 11 hijackers may have been part of a plan to launch other attacks on targets in the United States. Identities of the suspects were discovered after a comparison of visa applications received before September 11 with names recovered from documents seized in caves in Afghanistan. Roger Cressey, former director for counterterrorism for the National Security Council, states the attack may have been "not on 9-11 but certainly afterward. [Osama] bin Laden and his people think strategically."




### Related:

1. [ War on Terrorism: An al Qaeda manual sets a hierarchy of terrorism targets: first, U.S. citizens, followed by Britons, Spaniards, and Australians. ](/news/2004/05/12/war-on-terrorism-an-al-qaeda-manual-sets-a-hierarchy-of-terrorism-targets-first-u-s-citizens-followed-by-britons-spaniards-and-austr.md) _Context: War on Terrorism, al Qaeda_
2. [ War on Terrorism: US military commander for the Middle East reportedly creates a covert commando force (named Task Force 121) to hunt Saddam Hussein and Osama bin Laden (and other key terrorists throughout the region). Military officers state a broader, regional mission is given to the force, which has become one of the Pentagon's most highly classified and closely watched operations. The Special Operations organization to act with greater speed on intelligence tips about ""high-value targets"" and not be contained within the borders where American conventional forces are operating in Iraq and Afghanistan. General John Abizaid, who commands all American forces in the strategic crescent from the Red Sea to the Indian Ocean, had previously decided to disband two Special Operations missions (Task Force 5 in Afghanistan and Task Force 20 in Iraq).](/news/2003/11/7/war-on-terrorism-us-military-commander-for-the-middle-east-reportedly-creates-a-covert-commando-force-named-task-force-121-to-hunt-sadda.md) _Context: Afghan, War on Terrorism_
3. [ 'War on Terrorism': Seventeen people are killed by United States airstrikes in southeast Afghanistan's Zabul province (in particular the Shinkay district). Eight nomad women and children, two Taliban fighters, several collaborating nomads, and a Taliban commander (Mohammad Gul Niazai) are among the dead.](/news/2003/09/20/war-on-terrorism-seventeen-people-are-killed-by-united-states-airstrikes-in-southeast-afghanistan-s-zabul-province-in-particular-the-sh.md) _Context: Afghan, War on Terrorism_
4. [ War on Terrorism - Canal Hotel: US officials comment terror group linked to al Qaeda, Ansar al-Islam, is emerging as a top suspect in the U.N. headquarters bombing in Baghdad. "It's part of a global war against terrorism that was officially declared on us on September 11. It's quite clear we do have terrorists inside Iraq now."](/news/2003/08/20/war-on-terrorism-a-canal-hotel-us-officials-comment-terror-group-linked-to-al-qaeda-ansar-al-islam-is-emerging-as-a-top-suspect-in-the.md) _Context: War on Terrorism, al Qaeda_
5. [ War on Terrorism: Arab television airs an audio tape allegedly from al Qaeda official Abdel Rahman al-Najdi saying Osama bin Laden and Taliban chief Mullah Omar are alive. The tape advocates Muslims to commit terroristic acts and fight the Coalition forces in Iraq.](/news/2003/08/18/war-on-terrorism-arab-television-airs-an-audio-tape-allegedly-from-al-qaeda-official-abdel-rahman-al-najdi-saying-osama-bin-laden-and-tali.md) _Context: War on Terrorism, al Qaeda_
