### [2012-08-26](/news/2012/08/26/index.md)

# An outbreak of Legionellosis ("Legionnaires' disease") in Quebec City, Canada, kills 8 people and infects 104. 




### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/montreal/story/2012/08/26/legionnaires-disease-kills-more.html?cmp=rss)
1. [Cover Image](https://i.cbc.ca/1.1481922.1381028891!/httpImage/image.jpg_gen/derivatives/16x9_1180/hi-legionella-legionnaires.jpg)

### Related:

1. [French-Canadian student Alexandre Bissonnette is charged with six counts of murder and five counts of attempted murder in relation to an attack on a mosque in Quebec City. ](/news/2017/01/30/french-canadian-student-alexandre-bissonnette-is-charged-with-six-counts-of-murder-and-five-counts-of-attempted-murder-in-relation-to-an-att.md) _Context: Quebec City_
2. [A gunman opens fire at a mosque in Quebec City, Canada, during evening prayers. At least five people were killed. Two suspects were apprehended; one was later released. ](/news/2017/01/29/a-gunman-opens-fire-at-a-mosque-in-quebec-city-canada-during-evening-prayers-at-least-five-people-were-killed-two-suspects-were-apprehen.md) _Context: Quebec City_
3. [Three men who escaped from a jail near Quebec City via helicopter on 7 June are recaptured by the RCMP in Montreal. ](/news/2014/06/22/three-men-who-escaped-from-a-jail-near-quebec-city-via-helicopter-on-7-june-are-recaptured-by-the-rcmp-in-montreal.md) _Context: Quebec City_
4. [ The President of France Nicolas Sarkozy withdraws tacit support for the Quebec sovereignty movement shown by some of his predecessors in a visit to Quebec City. ](/news/2008/10/17/the-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-withdraws-tacit-support-for-the-quebec-sovereignty-movement-shown-by-some-of-his-predecessors-in-a.md) _Context: Quebec City_
5. [ The UNESCO World Heritage Committee votes in Quebec City and adds 27 new sites to the World Heritage List. ](/news/2008/07/8/the-unesco-world-heritage-committee-votes-in-quebec-city-and-adds-27-new-sites-to-the-world-heritage-list.md) _Context: Quebec City_
6. [ The infection source of Norway's recent outbreak of Legionnaire's Disease is surprisingly found to have been an industrial purification installation known as a scrubber, a device which cleans air using water. Reportedly, such facilities have never before caused a Legionnaire's outbreak anywhere in the world. Ten people have been killed, and 52 infected, in the outbreak, which is Norway's largest ever. ](/news/2005/06/8/the-infection-source-of-norway-s-recent-outbreak-of-legionnaire-s-disease-is-surprisingly-found-to-have-been-an-industrial-purification-ins.md) _Context: Legionellosis_
7. [ Health officials in Norway fear a Legionnaires' Disease epidemic after the death of four people during the last five days and the hospitalisation of many others in southeastern county of stfold, particularly in the Fredrikstad-Sarpsborg urban area. At least 24 people are known to be infected, with many of them in critical condition. Legionnaires' Disease killed seven people in the southwestern city of Stavanger in 2001, in an outbreak that was later traced to a hotel air conditioning system. ](/news/2005/05/23/health-officials-in-norway-fear-a-legionnaires-disease-epidemic-after-the-death-of-four-people-during-the-last-five-days-and-the-hospitali.md) _Context: Legionellosis_
8. [ Scientists announce that they have deciphered the complete DNA sequence of "Legionella pneumophila," one of the bacteria that causes Legionnaires' Disease. ](/news/2004/09/24/scientists-announce-that-they-have-deciphered-the-complete-dna-sequence-of-legionella-pneumophila-one-of-the-bacteria-that-causes-legion.md) _Context: Legionellosis_
9. [ Controversy erupts in Canada over a segment of Conan O'Brien's NBC television talk show, filmed in Quebec City and shown to a studio audience in Toronto, featuring his character Triumph the Insult Dog making ethnic insults against French-Canadians, including telling them to speak English. The Canadian government condemns the comments. The Government of Ontario, which had paid $1 million to sponsor the taping of four episodes of the show in Toronto to promote the city, also distances itself from the comments.](/news/2004/02/12/controversy-erupts-in-canada-over-a-segment-of-conan-o-brien-s-nbc-television-talk-show-filmed-in-quebec-city-and-shown-to-a-studio-audien.md) _Context: Quebec City_
10. [ A general strike in Quebec interrupts road and port traffic as well as non-essential surgeries and day-care service in Montreal, Quebec City, and Trois-Rivires. The strike was called in opposition to the Charest government's policies. [http://www.cbc.ca/stories/2003/12/11/quebec_031211]](/news/2003/12/11/a-general-strike-in-quebec-interrupts-road-and-port-traffic-as-well-as-non-essential-surgeries-and-day-care-service-in-montreal-quebec-cit.md) _Context: Quebec City_
