### [2015-07-7](/news/2015/07/7/index.md)

# Malaysian authorities order a freeze on six accounts associated with alleged payments by development bank 1Malaysia Development Berhad to the Prime Minister Najib Razak. 

Malaysian authorities said Tuesday they have ordered six bank accounts to be frozen in connection with an investigation into alleged fund transfers to the bank accounts of Prime Minister Najib Razak.


### Source:

1. [Wall Street Journal](http://www.wsj.com/articles/malaysia-authorities-order-six-bank-accounts-frozen-tied-to-probe-of-alleged-transfers-to-prime-minister-najib-1436253593)
1. [Cover Image](https://si.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-JG545_0707MA_G_20150707030009.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Tens of thousands of people protest in the Malaysian capital Kuala Lumpur, calling for Prime Minister Najib Razak to step down amid an ongoing corruption scandal involving 1Malaysia Development Berhad. ](/news/2016/11/19/tens-of-thousands-of-people-protest-in-the-malaysian-capital-kuala-lumpur-calling-for-prime-minister-najib-razak-to-step-down-amid-an-ongoi.md) _Context: 1Malaysia Development Berhad, Malaysia, Malaysian Prime Minister, Najib Razak_
2. [The Malaysian National Security Council Act comes into effect giving the Prime Minister of Malaysia Najib Razak sweeping new powers. ](/news/2016/08/1/the-malaysian-national-security-council-act-comes-into-effect-giving-the-prime-minister-of-malaysia-najib-razak-sweeping-new-powers.md) _Context: Malaysia, Malaysian Prime Minister, Najib Razak_
3. [The Prime Minister of Malaysia Najib Razak is cleared of corruption by the Attorney-General of Malaysia Apandi Ali after returning US$607 million worth of donations to his personal account from the Saudi Royal Family. ](/news/2016/01/26/the-prime-minister-of-malaysia-najib-razak-is-cleared-of-corruption-by-the-attorney-general-of-malaysia-apandi-ali-after-returning-us-607-mi.md) _Context: Malaysia, Malaysian Prime Minister, Najib Razak_
4. [Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak condemns the Philippine-based Abu Sayyaf's beheading of a Malaysian man. Businessman Bernard Then and a woman were kidnapped in May from the Malaysia-island Sabah; the woman was released last week. Philippine Colonel Restituto Padilla said the killing followed a "failure of the negotiations about money." ](/news/2015/11/18/malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-condemns-the-philippine-based-abu-sayyaf-s-beheading-of-a-malaysian-man-businessman-bernard-then-and-a.md) _Context: Malaysia, Malaysian Prime Minister, Najib Razak_
5. [The United States Justice Department launches an investigation of money laundering associated with the 1Malaysia Development Berhad sovereign wealth fund, as well as the purchase of luxury properties in New York involving shell companies linked to Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak's step-son Riza Aziz and businessman Jho Low. ](/news/2015/09/22/the-united-states-justice-department-launches-an-investigation-of-money-laundering-associated-with-the-1malaysia-development-berhad-sovereig.md) _Context: 1Malaysia Development Berhad, Malaysian Prime Minister, Najib Razak_
6. [There is a second day of rallies in Malaysia calling on Prime Minister Najib Razak to resign over the 1Malaysia Development Berhad scandal. ](/news/2015/08/30/there-is-a-second-day-of-rallies-in-malaysia-calling-on-prime-minister-najib-razak-to-resign-over-the-1malaysia-development-berhad-scandal.md) _Context: Malaysia, Malaysian Prime Minister, Najib Razak_
7. [ Abdul Gani Patail, the Attorney General of Malaysia, says that a probe of troubled state owned investment bank 1Malaysia Development Berhad has uncovered documents that show the transfer of money into private accounts of the Prime Minister Najib Razak. ](/news/2015/07/4/abdul-gani-patail-the-attorney-general-of-malaysia-says-that-a-probe-of-troubled-state-owned-investment-bank-1malaysia-development-berhad.md) _Context: 1Malaysia Development Berhad, Malaysian Prime Minister, Najib Razak_
8. [Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak fires Deputy Prime Minister Muhyiddin Yassin. ](/news/2015/07/28/malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-fires-deputy-prime-minister-muhyiddin-yassin.md) _Context: 1Malaysia Development Berhad, Malaysia, Najib Razak_
9. [Malaysia's Prime Minister Najib Razak dissolves parliament and advises all the state governments, except Negeri Sembilan and Sarawak to do the same, in preparation for general election. ](/news/2013/04/3/malaysia-s-prime-minister-najib-razak-dissolves-parliament-and-advises-all-the-state-governments-except-negeri-sembilan-and-sarawak-to-do-t.md) _Context: Malaysia, Malaysian Prime Minister, Najib Razak_
10. [Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak leads a protest rally against the persecution of Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority in the predominately Buddhist country, and calls on Myanmar State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi and the United Nations to address the Rohingya's plight and end the violence. Myanmar's president's office said the rally is timed for Malaysian political purposes, and that Malaysia should respect the Association of Southeast Asian Nations's principle on sovereignty. ](/news/2016/12/4/malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-leads-a-protest-rally-against-the-persecution-of-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority-in-the-predominatel.md) _Context: Malaysian Prime Minister, Najib Razak_
