### [2011-07-6](/news/2011/07/6/index.md)

# Irish government lawmaker Denis Naughten votes against his own government over cuts to a hospital, amid protests by hundreds of people outside Dail Eireann; he now faces expulsion from Fine Gael with the hospital's emergency department to close on Monday. 

Roscommon-Leitrim South Fine Gael TD Denis Naughten has voted against the Government on a motion relating to the downgrading &hellip;


### Source:

1. [The Irish Times](http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/breaking/2011/0706/breaking33.html)
2. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2011/0706/roscommon.html)
3. [Irish Examiner](http://www.irishexaminer.com/breakingnews/ireland/naughten-votes-against-govt-in-roscommon-hospital-dail-motion-511794.html)

### Related:

1. [Moriarty Tribunal in Ireland:Former government minister Michael Lowry refuses to resign the seat he recently claimed back in Dail Eireann in the aftermath of the Moriarty Tribunal's findings that he assisted billionaire businessman Denis O'Brien "beyond doubt" in gaining a mobile phone license for Esat Digifone, in actions judged "disgraceful and insidious" by the tribunal. Taoiseach Enda Kenny admits Fine Gael accepted a donation worth thousands of dollars from Esat at the time. ](/news/2011/03/24/moriarty-tribunal-in-ireland-pformer-government-minister-michael-lowry-refuses-to-resign-the-seat-he-recently-claimed-back-in-da-il-aireann.md) _Context: Dáil Éireann, Fine Gael_
2. [The leaders of Ireland's two main political parties, Fianna Fail and Fine Gael, come under fire. Irish Taoiseach Brian Cowen faces a motion of no confidence in Dail Eireann, his second in just over a year. Leader of the Opposition, Enda Kenny, who sacked his deputy leader yesterday to prevent a potential coup, faces further revolt from his party as nine more members of his frontbench call on him to resign. ](/news/2010/06/15/the-leaders-of-ireland-s-two-main-political-parties-fianna-fa-il-and-fine-gael-come-under-fire-irish-taoiseach-brian-cowen-faces-a-motion.md) _Context: Dáil Éireann, Fine Gael_
3. [ Dail Eireann debates the findings of the Commission to Inquire into Child Abuse, delayed by the motion of no confidence in the Irish Government opened by Fine Gael. ](/news/2009/06/11/da-il-aireann-debates-the-findings-of-the-commission-to-inquire-into-child-abuse-delayed-by-the-motion-of-no-confidence-in-the-irish-gove.md) _Context: Dáil Éireann, Fine Gael_
4. [Fine Gael and Fianna Fail agree to the formation of a Fine Gael-led government. ](/news/2016/04/29/fine-gael-and-fianna-fa-il-agree-to-the-formation-of-a-fine-gael-led-government.md) _Context: Fine Gael_
5. [The Irish Dail Eireann (parliament) fails to elect a new taoiseach (Prime Minister) with incumbent Enda Kenny carrying on as a caretaker. ](/news/2016/03/10/the-irish-da-il-aireann-parliament-fails-to-elect-a-new-taoiseach-prime-minister-with-incumbent-enda-kenny-carrying-on-as-a-caretaker.md) _Context: Dáil Éireann_
6. [Prime Minister Enda Kenny, who rejected suggestions he should resign, says he will "fully and inclusively" engage with other parties, groups and Independents, including Fianna Fail,  as he forms the country's  government. Sinn Fein says it is not interested in forming a coalition government with Kenny's  Fine Gael party. ](/news/2016/03/1/prime-minister-enda-kenny-who-rejected-suggestions-he-should-resign-says-he-will-fully-and-inclusively-engage-with-other-parties-groups.md) _Context: Fine Gael_
7. [Voters in Ireland go to the polls for a general election. Exit polls indicate that the ruling coalition of Fine Gael party led by Enda Kenny and the Labour Party will fall short of re-election with 34% of the vote between them. ](/news/2016/02/26/voters-in-ireland-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-exit-polls-indicate-that-the-ruling-coalition-of-fine-gael-party-led-by-enda-kenny.md) _Context: Fine Gael_
8. [Independent lawmaker Catherine Murphy raises fresh allegations in Ireland's Dail against billionaire Denis O'Brien, prompting criticism over the silence of the country's media (much of it owned by O'Brien). ](/news/2015/05/28/independent-lawmaker-catherine-murphy-raises-fresh-allegations-in-ireland-s-da-il-against-billionaire-denis-o-brien-prompting-criticism-ove.md) _Context: Dáil Éireann_
9. [Ireland's Fine Gael food and farming minister Shane McEntee kills himself 2 days after his 56th birthday, triggering a by-election in Meath East. ](/news/2012/12/21/ireland-s-fine-gael-food-and-farming-minister-shane-mcentee-kills-himself-2-days-after-his-56th-birthday-triggering-a-by-election-in-meath.md) _Context: Fine Gael_
10. [Irish politician Joan Collins names crime journalist Paul Williams and sports star Ronan O'Gara under Dail privilege as being among those to benefit from having their penalty points for traffic offences cancelled by the Garda Siochana. Justice Minister Alan Shatter calls Collins's action a "total disgrace" and she is reported to a Leinster House watchdog called the Dail Committee on Procedure and Privileges. ](/news/2012/12/12/irish-politician-joan-collins-names-crime-journalist-paul-williams-and-sports-star-ronan-o-gara-under-da-il-privilege-as-being-among-those-t.md) _Context: Dáil Éireann_
