### [2011-07-6](/news/2011/07/6/index.md)

# The Ninth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals orders the Obama administration to cease its enforcement of the ban on gay men and women in the military ("Don't ask, don't tell"). 

A US appeals court orders an immediate end to a ban on gay men and women serving openly in the military, while new rules are being drafted.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-14056365)
2. [Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2011984/Dont-ask-dont-tell-stopped-immediately-rule-appeal-judges.html)

### Related:

1. [Don't ask, don't tellThe Obama administration asks United States District Court for the Central District of California judge Virginia A. Phillips to stay her ruling in Log Cabin Republicans v. United States of America that the Don't Ask, Don't Tell policy is unconstitutional while it appeals the decision. ](/news/2010/10/14/don-t-ask-don-t-tellpthe-obama-administration-asks-united-states-district-court-for-the-central-district-of-california-judge-virginia-a-ph.md) _Context: Obama Administration, don't ask, don't tell_
2. [A request by the state of Hawaii to issue an order blocking President Donald Trump's Executive Order 13780 is rejected in the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. ](/news/2017/07/7/a-request-by-the-state-of-hawaii-to-issue-an-order-blocking-president-donald-trump-s-executive-order-13780-is-rejected-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
3. [The United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit in San Francisco hears a case on whether or not a Celebes crested macaque owns its selfie. ](/news/2017/07/12/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-ninth-circuit-in-san-francisco-hears-a-case-on-whether-or-not-a-celebes-crested-macaque-owns-its.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
4. [A Ninth Circuit Appeals Court panel unanimously upholds the Hawaii district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780. On May 25, the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court affirmed a similar ruling by the Maryland district court. ](/news/2017/06/12/a-ninth-circuit-appeals-court-panel-unanimously-upholds-the-hawaii-district-court-decision-to-prevent-implementation-of-revised-executive-or.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
5. [The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling  that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and  let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of  the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision  on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-may-25-ruling-that-affirmed-the.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
6. [The appeal of the Trump administration is denied as the 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals said it would not block a lower-court ruling that brought the president's executive order to a halt. ](/news/2017/02/9/the-appeal-of-the-trump-administration-is-denied-as-the-9th-us-circuit-court-of-appeals-said-it-would-not-block-a-lower-court-ruling-that-br.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
7. [The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals holds a hearing, by telephone, for the U.S. Justice Department and plaintiffs (states of Washington and Minnesota) arguments whether or not to reinstate the travel ban suspended on Friday by U.S. District Court Judge James Robart. Judge Michelle Friedland states the court will work to deliver its decision quickly. ](/news/2017/02/7/the-ninth-circuit-court-of-appeals-holds-a-hearing-by-telephone-for-the-u-s-justice-department-and-plaintiffs-states-of-washington-and-m.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
8. [U.S. immigration suspension, ''State of Washington v. Trump''Trump's travel ban remains suspended as the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denies the Justice Department's request to stay the ruling which blocks major portions of the executive order. ](/news/2017/02/5/u-s-immigration-suspension-state-of-washington-v-trump-ptrump-s-travel-ban-remains-suspended-as-the-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-nint.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
9. [The Obama Administration and Bush Administration had failed to publicly disclose up to thousands of lethal airstrikes the U.S. made in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria against ISIL, Al-Qaeda, and the Taliban via U.S. Army helicopters and drones. ](/news/2017/02/5/the-obama-administration-and-bush-administration-had-failed-to-publicly-disclose-up-to-thousands-of-lethal-airstrikes-the-u-s-made-in-afgha.md) _Context: Obama Administration_
10. [The U.S. Justice Department tells the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals that it won't be seeking further action by the court since this executive order will soon be replaced by a different one.  Justice added they expect the Ninth Circuit ruling will be vacated once the new executive order is issued. ](/news/2017/02/16/the-u-s-justice-department-tells-the-ninth-circuit-court-of-appeals-that-it-won-t-be-seeking-further-action-by-the-court-since-this-executi.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
