### [2013-09-26](/news/2013/09/26/index.md)

# The UN-backed Special Court for Sierra Leone in The Hague rejects an appeal against a conviction of former President of Liberia Charles Taylor on war crime charges. 

A UN-backed special court in The Hague rejects an appeal against war crimes convictions by former Liberian President Charles Taylor.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-24279323#)
1. [Cover Image](https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/70127000/jpg/_70127197_019445448-1.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The former President of Liberia, Charles Taylor, is sentenced to 50 years' imprisonment by the Special Court for Sierra Leone in The Hague for aiding and abetting war crimes during Sierra Leone's civil war. ](/news/2012/05/30/the-former-president-of-liberia-charles-taylor-is-sentenced-to-50-years-imprisonment-by-the-special-court-for-sierra-leone-in-the-hague-f.md) _Context: Charles Taylor, President of Liberia, Special Court for Sierra Leone, The Hague_
2. [ The war crimes trial of former President of Liberia Charles G. Taylor at the UN-backed Special Court for Sierra Leone begins at The Hague. ](/news/2007/06/4/the-war-crimes-trial-of-former-president-of-liberia-charles-g-taylor-at-the-un-backed-special-court-for-sierra-leone-begins-at-the-hague.md) _Context: President of Liberia, Special Court for Sierra Leone, The Hague, United Nations_
3. [The Special Court for Sierra Leone at The Hague delivers its verdict in the trial of former President of Liberia Charles Taylor on charges of arming Sierra Leone's rebels in return for "blood diamonds" in the 1990s. He is convicted on charges related to aiding and abetting war crimes but acquitted of charges of ordering them. ](/news/2012/04/26/the-special-court-for-sierra-leone-at-the-hague-delivers-its-verdict-in-the-trial-of-former-president-of-liberia-charles-taylor-on-charges-o.md) _Context: President of Liberia, Special Court for Sierra Leone, The Hague_
4. [Actress Mia Farrow gives evidence in the trial of former President of Liberia Charles Taylor before the United Nations Special Court for Sierra Leone. ](/news/2010/08/9/actress-mia-farrow-gives-evidence-in-the-trial-of-former-president-of-liberia-charles-taylor-before-the-united-nations-special-court-for-sie.md) _Context: President of Liberia, Special Court for Sierra Leone, United Nations_
5. [Model Naomi Campbell gives evidence that she received several "dirty looking stones" after meeting the former President of Liberia Charles Taylor in his trial at the United Nations Special Court for Sierra Leone. ](/news/2010/08/5/model-naomi-campbell-gives-evidence-that-she-received-several-dirty-looking-stones-after-meeting-the-former-president-of-liberia-charles-t.md) _Context: President of Liberia, Special Court for Sierra Leone, United Nations_
6. [The Special Court for Sierra Leone, sitting in The Hague, rules that model Naomi Campbell can be called to testify against former President of Liberia Charles Taylor in relation to her blood diamond. ](/news/2010/06/30/the-special-court-for-sierra-leone-sitting-in-the-hague-rules-that-model-naomi-campbell-can-be-called-to-testify-against-former-president.md) _Context: President of Liberia, Special Court for Sierra Leone, The Hague_
7. [Prosecutors of the Special Court for Sierra Leone request United Nations judges to force supermodel Naomi Campbell to testify over allegations that she received a blood diamond from the former President of Liberia Charles Taylor. ](/news/2010/05/21/prosecutors-of-the-special-court-for-sierra-leone-request-united-nations-judges-to-force-supermodel-naomi-campbell-to-testify-over-allegatio.md) _Context: President of Liberia, Special Court for Sierra Leone, United Nations_
8. [ Charles Taylor, the former President of Liberia, appears in court in The Hague to face 11 charges of war crimes and crimes against humanity. ](/news/2006/07/21/charles-taylor-the-former-president-of-liberia-appears-in-court-in-the-hague-to-face-11-charges-of-war-crimes-and-crimes-against-humanity.md) _Context: President of Liberia, Special Court for Sierra Leone, The Hague_
9. [The former Liberian President Charles Taylor arrives in the United Kingdom to serve the remainder of a 50-year sentence after becoming the first head of state to be convicted of war crimes since World War II. ](/news/2013/10/15/the-former-liberian-president-charles-taylor-arrives-in-the-united-kingdom-to-serve-the-remainder-of-a-50-year-sentence-after-becoming-the-f.md) _Context: Charles Taylor, President of Liberia_
10. [After a three-year trial, a U.N. tribunal in The Hague acquits two former Serbian security officials accused of committing war crimes and crimes against humanity during the 1990s Bosnian War. ](/news/2013/05/30/after-a-three-year-trial-a-u-n-tribunal-in-the-hague-acquits-two-former-serbian-security-officials-accused-of-committing-war-crimes-and-cr.md) _Context: The Hague, United Nations_
