### [2009-08-28](/news/2009/08/28/index.md)

#  According to declassified documents released this week, a survival manual produced by Transport Canada was used by U.S. interrogators to set limits on dousing detainees with cold water as a form of water torture. 




### Source:

1. [CBC](http://news.sympatico.msn.cbc.ca/World/ContentPosting?newsitemid=cia-interrogation-transport-canada-cold-water841&feedname=CBC-WORLD-V3&show=False&number=0&showbyline=True&subtitle=&detect=&abc=abc&date=True)
2. [CTV](http://news.sympatico.msn.ctv.ca/Canada/ContentPosting?newsitemid=CTVNews%2f20090827%2fCIA_dousing_090827&feedname=CTV-NATIONAL_V3&show=False&number=0&showbyline=True&subtitle=&detect=&abc=abc&date=True)

### Related:

1. [Oman receives 10 former detainees of the Guantanamo Bay detention camp following a request by the United States to take them. ](/news/2017/01/16/oman-receives-10-former-detainees-of-the-guantanamo-bay-detention-camp-following-a-request-by-the-united-states-to-take-them.md) _Context: Guantanamo Bay detention camp_
2. [The Obama administration transfers 15 Guantanamo Bay detainees to the United Arab Emirates. ](/news/2016/08/15/the-obama-administration-transfers-15-guantanamo-bay-detainees-to-the-united-arab-emirates.md) _Context: Guantanamo Bay detention camp_
3. [The United States announces that it will transfer nine Yemeni detainees from the Guantanamo Bay detention camp to Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2016/04/16/the-united-states-announces-that-it-will-transfer-nine-yemeni-detainees-from-the-guantanamo-bay-detention-camp-to-saudi-arabia.md) _Context: Guantanamo Bay detention camp_
4. [A U.S. official announces that The Pentagon plans to transfer about a dozen inmates from the Guantanamo Bay detention camp to at least two countries that have agreed to take them, in the latest move in Barack Obama's final push to close the facility. The official declined to name the countries ready to take them in. ](/news/2016/03/31/a-u-s-official-announces-that-the-pentagon-plans-to-transfer-about-a-dozen-inmates-from-the-guantanamo-bay-detention-camp-to-at-least-two-c.md) _Context: Guantanamo Bay detention camp_
5. [The President of the United States Barack Obama announces plans to close the Guantanamo Bay detention camp  in Cuba. Obama made similar statements during his first presidential campaign in 2007 and had previously stated that the camp would be closed by 2010. ](/news/2016/02/23/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-announces-plans-to-close-the-guantanamo-bay-detention-camp-in-cuba-obama-made-similar-stat.md) _Context: Guantanamo Bay detention camp_
6. [U.S. Army judge Col. James Pohl denies Guantanamo detainee Walid bin Attash's request to drop his legal counsel clearing the way for the trial's continuation. ](/news/2015/10/30/u-s-army-judge-col-james-pohl-denies-guantanamo-detainee-walid-bin-attashas-request-to-drop-his-legal-counsel-clearing-the-way-for-the-t.md) _Context: Guantanamo Bay detention camp_
7. [Shaker Aamer, the last British resident held at the Guantanamo Bay detention camp, is released. Aamer faces no charges in Britain; Scotland Yard detectives questioned him for three days during his detention. ](/news/2015/10/30/shaker-aamer-the-last-british-resident-held-at-the-guantanamo-bay-detention-camp-is-released-aamer-faces-no-charges-in-britain-scotland.md) _Context: Guantanamo Bay detention camp_
8. [U.S. President Barack Obama vetoes the $612 billion annual defense authorization bill because of the way it would sidestep budget limitations for the military and because it would restrict the transfer of detainees being held at Guantanamo Bay. This is the President's fifth veto since 2009. ](/news/2015/10/22/u-s-president-barack-obama-vetoes-the-612-billion-annual-defense-authorization-bill-because-of-the-way-it-would-sidestep-budget-limitation.md) _Context: Guantanamo Bay detention camp_
9. [Defense lawyers say the United States continues to block the release of 116 pages of the lawyers' notes detailing the torture that Guantanimo Bay prisoner Abu Zubaydah says he experienced in CIA custody.  Zubaydah has yet to be charged with any crime despite being held since 2002. ](/news/2015/09/11/defense-lawyers-say-the-united-states-continues-to-block-the-release-of-116-pages-of-the-lawyers-notes-detailing-the-torture-that-guantanim.md) _Context: Guantanamo Bay detention camp_
10. [An independent report reveals that the American Psychological Association was complicit in the participation of its members with the use of torture during the Iraq and Afghan wars, such as in Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo Bay. Many experts suspected that the bizarre torture and humiliation were not "a few bad apples" but meticulously planned techniques. ](/news/2015/07/12/an-independent-report-reveals-that-the-american-psychological-association-was-complicit-in-the-participation-of-its-members-with-the-use-of.md) _Context: Guantanamo Bay detention camp_
