### [2009-08-28](/news/2009/08/28/index.md)

#  Iceland's Althing votes in favour of repaying more than US$5 billion owed to the governments of the Netherlands and the United Kingdom as a result of the collapse of the Icesave bank. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/business/8226717.stm)

### Related:

1. [ The Althing (Icelandic parliament) approves the payment of EUR3.8 billion to the United Kingdom and the Netherlands as deposit insurance for the collapsed Icesave savings scheme. ](/news/2009/12/31/the-althing-icelandic-parliament-approves-the-payment-of-a-3-8-billion-to-the-united-kingdom-and-the-netherlands-as-deposit-insurance-fo.md) _Context: Iceland, Icesave, Netherlands, United Kingdom, parliament (Althing)_
2. [Iceland holds a referendum about compensating the United Kingdom and the Netherlands after the collapse of the Icesave bank, with a 95% "no" vote recorded. ](/news/2010/03/6/iceland-holds-a-referendum-about-compensating-the-united-kingdom-and-the-netherlands-after-the-collapse-of-the-icesave-bank-with-a-95-no.md) _Context: Iceland, Icesave, Netherlands, United Kingdom_
3. [The World Meteorological Organization (WMO) confirms a 19-meter wave (62.4 feet) recorded on 4 February 2013 in the Atlantic Ocean between Iceland and the United Kingdom is the largest ever on record. ](/news/2016/12/13/the-world-meteorological-organization-wmo-confirms-a-19-meter-wave-62-4-feet-recorded-on-4-february-2013-in-the-atlantic-ocean-between-i.md) _Context: Iceland, United Kingdom_
4. [Iceland's incumbent, centre-right Independence Party surprised pollsters by winning 29 percent of the vote (21 seats), thereby putting leader Bjarni Benediktsson in position to organize another coalition government. The Progressive Party, the current ruling partner, garnered 11.5% and eight positions, a loss of 11 seats. The new Pirate Party didn't perform as predicted with 14.5% of the ballots, though it did get 10 seats, an increase of seven more positions in the 63-seat parliament (Althing). ](/news/2016/10/30/icelandas-incumbent-centre-right-independence-party-surprised-pollsters-by-winning-29-percent-of-the-vote-21-seats-thereby-putting-lea.md) _Context: Iceland, parliament (Althing)_
5. [Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-berlin-to-discuss-the-consequences-of-the-united-kin.md) _Context: Netherlands, United Kingdom_
6. [The United States Air Force sends 12 F-15C Eagles and 350 personnel to Iceland and the Netherlands to deter further Russian aggression in Europe. ](/news/2016/04/2/the-united-states-air-force-sends-12-f-15c-eagles-and-350-personnel-to-iceland-and-the-netherlands-to-deter-further-russian-aggression-in-eu.md) _Context: Iceland, Netherlands_
7. [Myanmar tops the 2015 Charities Aid Foundation's World Giving Index which measures each country's charitable behavior. Individuals indicate whether they have donated money, volunteered, or helped a stranger in the past month. The United States, which tied with Myanmar last year, is second, followed by New Zealand, Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Sri Lanka, Ireland, and Malaysia. ](/news/2015/11/10/myanmar-tops-the-2015-charities-aid-foundation-s-world-giving-index-which-measures-each-country-s-charitable-behavior-individuals-indicate.md) _Context: Netherlands, United Kingdom_
8. [Authorities in the Netherlands ban the sale of poultry and eggs following the discovery of the bird flu virus at a chicken farm. Authorities in the United Kingdom have also confirmed that the virus has been discovered at a Yorkshire duck farm with the birds being culled. ](/news/2014/11/16/authorities-in-the-netherlands-ban-the-sale-of-poultry-and-eggs-following-the-discovery-of-the-bird-flu-virus-at-a-chicken-farm-authorities.md) _Context: Netherlands, United Kingdom_
9. [Fourteen Caribbean nations file a lawsuit against the United Kingdom, France, and the Netherlands for damages caused during the Atlantic slave trade. ](/news/2014/03/11/fourteen-caribbean-nations-file-a-lawsuit-against-the-united-kingdom-france-and-the-netherlands-for-damages-caused-during-the-atlantic-sla.md) _Context: Netherlands, United Kingdom_
10. [A major winter storm called Bodil hits the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Denmark and Germany, disrupting traffic and causing four people to be dead or missing and widespread damage amid fears of flooding along the North Sea coast. ](/news/2013/12/5/a-major-winter-storm-called-bodil-hits-the-united-kingdom-the-netherlands-denmark-and-germany-disrupting-traffic-and-causing-four-people.md) _Context: Netherlands, United Kingdom_
