### [2009-08-28](/news/2009/08/28/index.md)

#  Prime Minister of Italy Silvio Berlusconi launches legal action against French weekly ''Nouvel Observateur'', Spanish newspaper ''El Pas'', and Italian newspaper ''La Repubblica'', and has authorized his attorneys to prepare cases against British newspapers, charging the newspapers with libel.  

Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi is launching legal actions against media in Italy and abroad, including Britain, France and Spain, for libel in their coverage of his private life, his lawyer said on Friday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/newsOne/idUSTRE57R1JF20090828)

### Related:

1. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: French, Italy, Spain, United Kingdom_
2. [Moody's Investors Service downgrades the credit ratings of several European Union members including Italy, Malta, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia and Spain and issues a negative outlook for the ratings of Austria, France and the United Kingdom. ](/news/2012/02/13/moody-s-investors-service-downgrades-the-credit-ratings-of-several-european-union-members-including-italy-malta-portugal-slovakia-sloven.md) _Context: French, Italy, Spain, United Kingdom_
3. [President of France Nicolas Sarkozy and Prime Minister of Italy Silvio Berlusconi meet to discuss what to do about migrants from North Africa who want to join relatives, with reports that the Schengen Agreement is to be amended so the two can deal with the issue. ](/news/2011/04/26/president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-and-prime-minister-of-italy-silvio-berlusconi-meet-to-discuss-what-to-do-about-migrants-from-north-afric.md) _Context: French, Italian Prime Minister, Italy, Silvio Berlusconi_
4. [ Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi and French President Nicolas Sarkozy agree to cooperate in reviving nuclear power in Italy. ](/news/2009/02/24/italian-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-and-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-agree-to-cooperate-in-reviving-nuclear-power-in-italy.md) _Context: French, Italian Prime Minister, Italy, Silvio Berlusconi_
5. [ British lawyer David Mills is sentenced to four-and-a-half years in jail for accepting a PS400,000 bribe from Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi. ](/news/2009/02/17/british-lawyer-david-mills-is-sentenced-to-four-and-a-half-years-in-jail-for-accepting-a-aps400-000-bribe-from-italian-prime-minister-silvio.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister, Italy, Silvio Berlusconi, United Kingdom_
6. [An Italian court orders former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi to stand trial on April 4 on charges of allegedly bribing witnesses with EUR10 million (US$11 million) in order to silence them over accusations he paid for sex with young women. ](/news/2017/01/28/an-italian-court-orders-former-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-to-stand-trial-on-april-4-on-charges-of-allegedly-bribing-witnesses-with-a.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister, Italy, Silvio Berlusconi_
7. [Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-berlin-to-discuss-the-consequences-of-the-united-kin.md) _Context: French, Italy, United Kingdom_
8. [Several Zika virus cases have been reported in Denmark, Italy, Spain, the United Kingdom and Switzerland. ](/news/2016/01/27/several-zika-virus-cases-have-been-reported-in-denmark-italy-spain-the-united-kingdom-and-switzerland.md) _Context: Italy, Spain, United Kingdom_
9. [The remnants of former Tropical Storm Henri combines with another storm in western Europe to cause heavy rains and possible floods in the United Kingdom, France, Spain and Portugal. ](/news/2015/09/16/the-remnants-of-former-tropical-storm-henri-combines-with-another-storm-in-western-europe-to-cause-heavy-rains-and-possible-floods-in-the-un.md) _Context: French, Spain, United Kingdom_
10. [Italy's top court confirms that former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi will serve a prison sentence for a tax fraud conviction. ](/news/2013/08/1/italy-s-top-court-confirms-that-former-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-will-serve-a-prison-sentence-for-a-tax-fraud-conviction.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister, Italy, Silvio Berlusconi_
