### [2012-05-20](/news/2012/05/20/index.md)

# Thousands of people gather in London for an open-top bus parade to celebrate Chelsea's UEFA Champions League victory over Munich in last night's final. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-london-18137641)

### Related:

1. [Association football:The final of the 2011-12 UEFA Champions League occurs in Munich, with Chelsea defeating Bayern Munich in a penalty shoot out after extra time, winning the competition for the first time in the club's history. ](/news/2012/05/19/association-football-pthe-final-of-the-2011a12-uefa-champions-league-occurs-in-munich-with-chelsea-defeating-bayern-munich-in-a-penalty-s.md) _Context: Chelsea F.C., UEFA Champions League, last May_
2. [In the UEFA Champions League semi-final, Chelsea pull off a remarkable comeback against FC Barcelona at the Camp Nou, coming back from two goals down despite having captain John Terry sent off, central defender Gary Cahill injured in the opening minutes and Didier Drogba's concession of a penalty to Lionel Messi which hits the crossbar. Chelsea are left without the suspended quartet of Terry, Ramires, Branislav Ivanovic and Raul Meireles for the final at the Allianz Arena. ](/news/2012/04/24/in-the-uefa-champions-league-semi-final-chelsea-pull-off-a-remarkable-comeback-against-fc-barcelona-at-the-camp-nou-coming-back-from-two-g.md) _Context: Chelsea F.C., UEFA Champions League, last May_
3. [The second legs of the 2012-13 UEFA Europa League round of 32 are held across Europe. Among the football teams eliminated are titleholders Atletico Madrid, Ajax (in the first ever penalty shootout in the knockout phase of the competition) and European giants Liverpool, while both London sides left, Tottenham and Chelsea, advance into the last 16. ](/news/2013/02/21/the-second-legs-of-the-2012a13-uefa-europa-league-round-of-32-are-held-across-europe-among-the-football-teams-eliminated-are-titleholders.md) _Context: Chelsea F.C., London_
4. [Roberto Di Matteo is sacked by Chelsea F.C. after a 2012-13 UEFA Champions League defeat 0-3 to Juventus F.C. left them in danger of becoming the first title holders to exit the competition in the group stage. Di Matteo managed Chelsea to their first ever Champions League title in Munich last May. Rafael Benitez appointed Chelsea interim manager until end of season. ](/news/2012/11/21/roberto-di-matteo-is-sacked-by-chelsea-f-c-after-a-2012a13-uefa-champions-league-defeat-0-3-to-juventus-f-c-left-them-in-danger-of-becom.md) _Context: Chelsea F.C., last May_
5. [Papiss Cisse fires two goals past UEFA Champions League finalists Chelsea to keep Newcastle United firmly in contention for a place in the Premier League's top four which would require Chelsea to defeat Bayern Munich in the final to qualify for next season. ](/news/2012/05/2/papiss-cissa-c-fires-two-goals-past-uefa-champions-league-finalists-chelsea-to-keep-newcastle-united-firmly-in-contention-for-a-place-in-the.md) _Context: Chelsea F.C., last May_
6. [England national football team and Chelsea captain John Terry faces charges at the Westminster Magistrates' Court in London that he used an ethnic slur against QPR defender Anton Ferdinand during a match in October. ](/news/2012/02/1/england-national-football-team-and-chelsea-captain-john-terry-faces-charges-at-the-westminster-magistrates-court-in-london-that-he-used-an.md) _Context: Chelsea F.C., London_
7. [A vehicle mounts the pavement and runs into pedestrians in Islington, London, injuring 4. The teenage perpetrators are found carrying offensive weapons, but are not assumed to be terrorists. ](/news/2017/03/25/a-vehicle-mounts-the-pavement-and-runs-into-pedestrians-in-islington-london-injuring-4-the-teenage-perpetrators-are-found-carrying-offens.md) _Context: London_
8. [Several British MPs demand an investigation into a recent scandal in which an Israeli embassy official in London had conspired to damage the reputation of several British politicians in response to the recent United Nations Security Council resolution. ](/news/2017/01/8/several-british-mps-demand-an-investigation-into-a-recent-scandal-in-which-an-israeli-embassy-official-in-london-had-conspired-to-damage-the.md) _Context: London_
9. [London Mayor Sadiq Khan declares a public health emergency for at least the next three days because of high levels of air pollution in the London area. The Department for Environment says this pollution episode could last until at least Sunday. ](/news/2017/01/18/london-mayor-sadiq-khan-declares-a-public-health-emergency-for-at-least-the-next-three-days-because-of-high-levels-of-air-pollution-in-the-l.md) _Context: London_
10. [A London-based trader who traded on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Navinder Singh Sarao, accused of contributing to the 2010 Wall Street "flash crash" by placing bogus orders to spoof the market, fails in his legal bid to stop extradition and will now be sent to the United States to face trial where he is wanted by U.S. authorities on 22 criminal counts of wire fraud, commodities fraud, and market manipulation. A judge initially approved his extradition in March, and today his bid to launch an appeal against that decision was rejected, ending his 18-month legal fight. He will now be extradited within 28 days. ](/news/2016/10/14/a-london-based-trader-who-traded-on-the-chicago-mercantile-exchange-navinder-singh-sarao-accused-of-contributing-to-the-2010-wall-street.md) _Context: London_
