### [2004-06-8](/news/2004/06/8/index.md)

#  A March 2003 memorandum by US administration lawyers is released, which concludes that President George W. Bush was not bound by international treaty or by federal law against torture because the commander-in-chief had the authority to protect national security. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3783869.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Amnesty International declares the Bush administration to be "guilty of setting conditions for torture and cruel treatment by lowering safeguards and failing to respond adequately to allegations of abuse", amid other criticisms of the "war on terror", which the report says is "violating basic rights in the name of national security" and urged the President and challenger John Kerry to support an independent inquiry into detention and interrogation policies. ](/news/2004/10/27/amnesty-international-declares-the-bush-administration-to-be-guilty-of-setting-conditions-for-torture-and-cruel-treatment-by-lowering-safe.md) _Context: George W. Bush, national security, torture_
2. [ The case of Khaled el-Masri, who says he was abducted and tortured by the CIA because he was mistaken for another person, is dismissed by a district court in Alexandria, Virginia, as it would be a "grave risk" of damage to U.S. national security by exposing government secrets. The court rules that if the claims are true he "deserves a remedy" but this cannot be found in the court. ](/news/2006/05/19/the-case-of-khaled-el-masri-who-says-he-was-abducted-and-tortured-by-the-cia-because-he-was-mistaken-for-another-person-is-dismissed-by-a.md) _Context: national security, torture_
3. [ U.S. Attorney General John Ashcroft tells the Senate Judiciary Committee that George W. Bush did not approve the torture of terrorist prisoners; he also reiterates his stance that the Geneva Conventions do not apply to al-Qaeda fighters. ](/news/2004/06/9/u-s-attorney-general-john-ashcroft-tells-the-senate-judiciary-committee-that-george-w-bush-did-not-approve-the-torture-of-terrorist-priso.md) _Context: George W. Bush, torture_
4. [ The World Trade Organization makes a preliminary ruling that United States laws prohibiting Internet gambling violate international trade agreements, in response to a complaint by Antigua and Barbuda. The Bush administration vows to appeal, while some members of the United States Congress say they would rather allow a trade war or withdraw from future WTO talks than repeal laws against online gambling. ](/news/2004/03/24/the-world-trade-organization-makes-a-preliminary-ruling-that-united-states-laws-prohibiting-internet-gambling-violate-international-trade-a.md) _Context: George W. Bush, international agreement_
5. [ Occupation of Iraq: At his ranch in Crawford, Texas, President Bush noted the 100th day since overt military action in Iraq ended, saying that the United States has made "good progress" in helping Iraq's democratic processes, overall national security, and economy.](/news/2003/08/8/occupation-of-iraq-at-his-ranch-in-crawford-texas-president-bush-noted-the-100th-day-since-overt-military-action-in-iraq-ended-saying-t.md) _Context: George W. Bush, national security_
6. [President-elect Donald Trump names Tom Price as United States Secretary of Health and Human Services; former President George W. Bush Administration official and wife of Mitch McConnell Elaine Chao as United States Secretary of Transportation; ](/news/2016/11/29/president-elect-donald-trump-names-tom-price-as-united-states-secretary-of-health-and-human-services-former-president-george-w-bush-admini.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
7. [Female victims of the martial law dictatorship of Ferdinand Marcos speak at the Philippine Supreme Court about how they endured torture during Marcos' regime. ](/news/2016/09/1/female-victims-of-the-martial-law-dictatorship-of-ferdinand-marcos-speak-at-the-philippine-supreme-court-about-how-they-endured-torture-duri.md) _Context: torture_
8. [In a report by Amnesty International, the group documents findings of Egyptian officials forcibly making hundreds of people disappear and face torture in the past year in an attempt to crack down on dissent in the country. ](/news/2016/07/13/in-a-report-by-amnesty-international-the-group-documents-findings-of-egyptian-officials-forcibly-making-hundreds-of-people-disappear-and-fa.md) _Context: torture_
9. [Iran sentences four reformist newspaper journalists to long prison terms for so-called national security crimes. Analysts say this case indicates that President Hassan Rouhani's calls for press freedoms will likey face an unsympathetic hearing from Iran's conservative judiciary. ](/news/2016/04/27/iran-sentences-four-reformist-newspaper-journalists-to-long-prison-terms-for-so-called-national-security-crimes-analysts-say-this-case-indi.md) _Context: national security_
10. [The European Court of Justice decides an international agreement, generally known as a Safe Harbor rule, used by thousands of companies for moving people's digital data between the European Union and the United States is invalid, effective immediately. The decision throws into doubt how global technology giants like Facebook, Amazon and Google can collect, manage, and analyze online information from their millions of users in the 28-member bloc. Decisions by this court, the highest legal authority in the EU, cannot be appealed. ](/news/2015/10/6/the-european-court-of-justice-decides-an-international-agreement-generally-known-as-a-safe-harbor-rule-used-by-thousands-of-companies-for.md) _Context: international agreement_
