### [2004-06-8](/news/2004/06/8/index.md)

#  UK Health Minister John Reid warns against anti-tobacco vigilantism, defending cigarettes as one of the "very few pleasures in life" available to the poor. 

Latest breaking news, including politics, crime and celebrity. Find stories, updates and expert opinion.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/politics/3789591.stm)
2. [Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml?xml=/news/2004/06/09/nsmok09.xml&sSheet=/news/2004/06/09/ixhome.html)

### Related:

1. [In the United Kingdom, the Royal College of Physicians reports e-cigarettes are "much safer" than tobacco smoking, and should be widely promoted as an option for smoking cessation. ](/news/2016/04/27/in-the-united-kingdom-the-royal-college-of-physicians-reports-e-cigarettes-are-much-safer-than-tobacco-smoking-and-should-be-widely-prom.md) _Context: tobacco smoking_
2. [China outlaws smoking in public places, affecting one third of smokers internationally. ](/news/2011/05/1/china-outlaws-smoking-in-public-places-affecting-one-third-of-smokers-internationally.md) _Context: tobacco smoking_
3. [The United Kingdom Secretary of State for Health Andrew Lansley outlines a radical proposal to reform the country's National Health Service, including the privatisation of hospitals. ](/news/2010/07/12/the-united-kingdom-secretary-of-state-for-health-andrew-lansley-outlines-a-radical-proposal-to-reform-the-country-s-national-health-service.md) _Context: Secretary of State for Health_
4. [ Secretary of State for Transport Geoff Hoon announces his resignation. [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/politics/gordon-brown/5453348/Geoff-Hoon-resigns-as-pressure-mounts-on-Gordon-Brown.html ("Daily Telegraph")] Minister of State for Europe Caroline Flint announces her resignation. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/politics/8084501.stm (BBC)] Minister of State for Housing and Planning Margaret Beckett announces her resignation. [http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory?id=7762196 (ABC)] Minister of State for Employment and Welfare Reform Tony McNulty announces his resignation. [http://news.sky.com/skynews/Home/Politics/Gordon-Browns-Reshuffle-Defence-Secretary-Quits-Andy-Burnham-Heads-To-Health/Article/200906115296531?lpos=Politics_First_UK_News_Article_Teaser_Region_1&lid=ARTICLE_15296531_Gordon_Browns_Reshuffle%3A_Defence_Secretary_Quits%2C_Andy_Burnham_Heads_To_Health (Sky News)] Bob Ainsworth replaces John Hutton as Secretary of State for Defence. [http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/politics/article6436610.ece ("Times")] Chief Secretary to the Treasury Yvette Cooper replaces James Purnell as Secretary of State for Work and Pensions. [http://www.guardian.co.uk/politics/2009/jun/05/yvette-cooper-profile ("Guardian")] Alan Sugar becomes "Enterprise Tsar" and receives a position in the House of Lords. [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/politics/gordon-brown/5451354/Sir-Alan-Sugar-to-become-Enterprise-Tsar.html ("Daily Telegraph")] John Denham replaces Hazel Blears as Secretary of State for Communities and Local Government. [http://www.google.com/hostednews/ukpress/article/ALeqM5hjLbfpu2UBV6VxgNSl58quyI5Tow (PA via Google News)] Secretary of State for Health Alan Johnson replaces Jacqui Smith as Home Secretary. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/politics/8084501.stm (BBC)] av](/news/2009/06/5/secretary-of-state-for-transport-geoff-hoon-announces-his-resignation-http-www-telegraph-co-uk-news-newstopics-politics-gordon-brown-54.md) _Context: Secretary of State for Health_
5. [ In a major Cabinet reshuffle, every person's post is changed, bar one. Alistair Darling becomes Chancellor of the Exchequer, David Miliband becomes Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, and Jacqui Smith becomes the first female Secretary of State for the Home Department. Alan Johnson takes Health, Jack Straw takes Justice and First Secretary of State, Hilary Benn takes Environment, Des Browne remains as Defence Secretary but also becomes Secretary of State for Scotland, and Ruth Kelly takes Transport. Douglas Alexander takes Secretary of State for International Development; Peter Hain remains Secretary of State for Wales but also becomes Work and Pensions Secretary; Shaun Woodward becomes Northern Ireland Secretary; John Hutton takes Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform Secretary; Hazel Blears takes Communities Secretary and Minister for Equality; James Purnell takes Secretary of State for Children, Schools and Families; and Tessa Jowell becomes Minister for the Olympics and will only attend Cabinet when required. Baroness Ashton becomes Leader of the House of Lords; Harriet Harman&mdash;Labour's deputy leader&mdash;becomes Leader of the House of Commons and Minister for Women; whilst Ed Balls becomes Children, Schools and Families Secretary. John Denham becomes Innovation, University and Skills Secretary; and Baroness Scotland becomes the new Attorney General of England and Wales. The Cabinet is set to change. ](/news/2007/06/28/in-a-major-cabinet-reshuffle-every-person-s-post-is-changed-bar-one-alistair-darling-becomes-chancellor-of-the-exchequer-david-miliband.md) _Context: Secretary of State for Health_
6. [ Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions. Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister. Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy. Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government. Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-parliament-and-others-clap-and-give-a-standing-ova.md) _Context: Secretary of State for Health_
7. [ Scientists find connection between tobacco smoking addiction and the insula, a region of the brain's cerebral cortex linked to emotion. ](/news/2007/01/26/scientists-find-connection-between-tobacco-smoking-addiction-and-the-insula-a-region-of-the-brain-s-cerebral-cortex-linked-to-emotion.md) _Context: tobacco smoking_
8. [ Bangladesh bans smoking in public places. ](/news/2005/03/14/bangladesh-bans-smoking-in-public-places.md) _Context: tobacco smoking_
9. [ A ban on tobacco smoking in public places begins in Cuba. ](/news/2005/02/8/a-ban-on-tobacco-smoking-in-public-places-begins-in-cuba.md) _Context: tobacco smoking_
10. [ Bhutan bans smoking in public places ](/news/2005/02/23/bhutan-bans-smoking-in-public-places.md) _Context: tobacco smoking_
