### [2015-01-31](/news/2015/01/31/index.md)

# 2014-15 Russian military intervention in Ukraine: Ukraine and Russian-backed separatists conduct peace talks as fighting rages in eastern Ukraine. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/01/31/us-ukraine-crisis-casualties-idUSKBN0L409K20150131)

### Related:

1. [War in Donbass: Russia-Ukraine relations: Ukraine sues Russia at the International Court of Justice, accusing the latter of being engaged in acts of "terrorism" and "discrimination" in eastern Ukraine and Crimea. ](/news/2017/01/16/war-in-donbass-russia-ukraine-relations-ukraine-sues-russia-at-the-international-court-of-justice-accusing-the-latter-of-being-engaged.md) _Context: Eastern Ukraine, Russia, Ukraine_
2. [War in Donbass: German Chancellor Angela Merkel invites the presidents of Russia, Ukraine, and France to meet tomorrow in Berlin to discuss peace efforts in eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2016/10/18/war-in-donbass-german-chancellor-angela-merkel-invites-the-presidents-of-russia-ukraine-and-france-to-meet-tomorrow-in-berlin-to-discuss.md) _Context: Eastern Ukraine, Russia, Ukraine_
3. [War in Donbass: Russia-Ukraine relations: A Ukrainian court sentences two Russian nationals to 14 years in prison each on charges of fighting alongside Russian-backed separatists in eastern Ukraine. Moscow contends that the two Russians were no longer employed by the state when they were captured. ](/news/2016/04/18/war-in-donbass-russia-ukraine-relations-a-ukrainian-court-sentences-two-russian-nationals-to-14-years-in-prison-each-on-charges-of-fight.md) _Context: Eastern Ukraine, Russia, Ukraine_
4. [War in Donbass: The body of Ukrainian lawyer Yurij Grabovsky, who defended two ex-Russian soldiers charged in Eastern Ukraine with terrorism and waging an aggressive war against the country, is found on the grounds of a former farming collective in Zhashkiv, Ukraine. Grabovsky went missing from Kiev on March 9. Information from one of two men being held in this case led police to the remains. ](/news/2016/03/25/war-in-donbass-the-body-of-ukrainian-lawyer-yurij-grabovsky-who-defended-two-ex-russian-soldiers-charged-in-eastern-ukraine-with-terrorism.md) _Context: Eastern Ukraine, Russia, Ukraine_
5. [2014-15 Russian military intervention in Ukraine:: The President of Ukraine Petro Poroshenko accuses Russia of sending 9,000 soldiers to help separatists in eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2015/01/21/2014-15-russian-military-intervention-in-ukraine-the-president-of-ukraine-petro-poroshenko-accuses-russia-of-sending-9-000-soldiers-to-h.md) _Context: Russia, Ukraine, military intervention in Ukraine_
6. [War in Donbass: Ukraine's domestic intelligence service, the SBU, reports that the March 2017 explosions at Balakliia military base in Eastern Ukraine were caused by a drone carrying a ZMG-1 thermite grenade. The explosions resulted in 1 death and 5 injuries. ](/news/2017/07/27/war-in-donbass-ukraine-s-domestic-intelligence-service-the-sbu-reports-that-the-march-2017-explosions-at-balakliia-military-base-in-easte.md) _Context: Eastern Ukraine, Ukraine_
7. [War in Donbass: At the Munich Security Conference, a truce between Russian-backed separatists and the Ukrainian army, per the Minsk Protocol, takes effect Monday. Pending a permanent political agreement, Russian President Vladimir Putin orders that civil registration documents issued in separatist-held areas of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine be temporarily recognized. Ukrainian authorities say this violates provisions in the Minsk agreement. This is the third such agreement because the previous two in 2014 and 2015 were violated. Low-level fighting and artillery fire never fully stopped. ](/news/2017/02/18/war-in-donbass-at-the-munich-security-conference-a-truce-between-russian-backed-separatists-and-the-ukrainian-army-per-the-minsk-protocol.md) _Context: Russia, Ukraine_
8. [War in Donbass: The European Union extends its main Ukraine-related economic sanctions against Russia for six months until mid-2017. ](/news/2016/12/15/war-in-donbass-the-european-union-extends-its-main-ukraine-related-economic-sanctions-against-russia-for-six-months-until-mid-2017.md) _Context: Russia, Ukraine_
9. [Ukrainian crisis: Russian military intervention in Ukraine (2014-present): Ukraine starts a missile test near Crimea, annexed by Russia in 2014, while Russia puts its air-defense and naval forces in the region on high alert. ](/news/2016/12/1/ukrainian-crisis-russian-military-intervention-in-ukraine-2014-present-ukraine-starts-a-missile-test-near-crimea-annexed-by-russia-in.md) _Context: Russia, Ukraine_
10. [Annexation of Crimea by the Russian Federation: Czech President Milos Zeman says in an interview that the Crimean peninsula can never be returned to Ukraine, notwithstanding the fact that it was "de facto" annexed by Russia. ](/news/2016/09/9/annexation-of-crimea-by-the-russian-federation-czech-president-milos-zeman-says-in-an-interview-that-the-crimean-peninsula-can-never-be-ret.md) _Context: Russia, Ukraine_
