### [2015-01-31](/news/2015/01/31/index.md)

# The Liberal National Party of Queensland loses its parliamentary majority, with outgoing Premier Campbell Newman losing his own seat of Ashgrove. It is unclear whether the Australian Labor Party, led by Annastacia Palaszczuk, has won an outright majority or if the result is a hung parliament.

Labor looks set to pull off a stunning victory in a cliffhanger Queensland election, after securing a double-digit swing.


### Source:

1. [ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-02-01/queensland-election-2015-labor-set-to-pull-off-stunning-victory/6060156)

### Related:

1. [The Queensland Labor Party led by Annastacia Palaszczuk will be in a position to form a minority government after the polls are declared in the Queensland state election. ](/news/2015/02/13/the-queensland-labor-party-led-by-annastacia-palaszczuk-will-be-in-a-position-to-form-a-minority-government-after-the-polls-are-declared-in.md) _Context: Annastacia Palaszczuk, Labor Party, Queensland state election, 2015_
2. [ Premier Annastacia Palaszczuk is sworn in at Government House in Brisbane after officially winning minority government in the Queensland state election, 2015.](/news/2015/02/14/premier-annastacia-palaszczuk-is-sworn-in-at-government-house-in-brisbane-after-officially-winning-minority-government-in-the-queensland-st.md) _Context: Annastacia Palaszczuk, Queensland state election, 2015_
3. [Annastacia Palaszczuk becomes the Opposition Leader of the Queensland Australian Labor Party, following the party's landslide defeat in last Saturday's election. ](/news/2012/03/28/annastacia-palaszczuk-becomes-the-opposition-leader-of-the-queensland-australian-labor-party-following-the-party-s-landslide-defeat-in-last.md) _Context: Annastacia Palaszczuk, Labor Party_
4. [Voters in the Australian state of Queensland go to the polls for a state election, with the Liberal National Party led by Campbell Newman winning government in a landslide. ](/news/2012/03/24/voters-in-the-australian-state-of-queensland-go-to-the-polls-for-a-state-election-with-the-liberal-national-party-led-by-campbell-newman-wi.md) _Context: Campbell Newman, Liberal National Party_
5. [After eight years in power, the Liberal Party is defeated by the Labor Party in a landslide election. Mark McGowan is set to become the Australian state's new Premier. ](/news/2017/03/11/after-eight-years-in-power-the-liberal-party-is-defeated-by-the-labor-party-in-a-landslide-election-mark-mcgowan-is-set-to-become-the-aust.md) _Context: Labor Party_
6. [  The opposition Australian Labor Party defeats the governing Country Liberal Party in a landslide, reducing the CLP to just two seats. ](/news/2016/08/27/the-opposition-australian-labor-party-defeats-the-governing-country-liberal-party-in-a-landslide-reducing-the-clp-to-just-two-seats.md) _Context: Labor Party_
7. [Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull's Liberal/National coalition, behind Bill Shorten's Labor Party in the first 48 hours following Saturday's election, is now ahead of Labor in the Lower House, 74-71 seats; 76 seats are needed to form a government. Minor parties and independents have won five seats;  mail-in and absentee votes are still being counted. Turnbull is on the road today seeking support from a small handful of independent and small party lawmakers. ](/news/2016/07/7/australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-s-liberal-national-coalition-behind-bill-shorten-s-labor-party-in-the-first-48-hours-following-s.md) _Context: Labor Party_
8. [Australians vote to elect a government for the next three years.  Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, leader of the conservative Liberal Party-led Coalition, dissolved both houses of Parliament in May in a bid for a Senate more friendly to his agenda. The final result showed the Coalition with a bare 1 seat majority in the House with 76 seats and the Australian Labor Party with 69 seats. ](/news/2016/07/2/australians-vote-to-elect-a-government-for-the-next-three-years-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-leader-of-the-conservative-liberal-party.md) _Context: Labor Party_
9. [Spain's King Felipe VI announces an unprecedented, repeat parliamentary election for June 26, 2016, since  none of the country's political parties has been able to form a government. The prior election, which was held on December 20, 2015, resulted in a hung parliament. Previously, Spain had been ruled via a two-party system. ](/news/2016/04/26/spain-s-king-felipe-vi-announces-an-unprecedented-repeat-parliamentary-election-for-june-26-2016-since-none-of-the-country-s-political-p.md) _Context: hung parliament_
10. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan calls for a snap election for November 1st after the previous election resulted in a hung parliament unable to form a coalition government. ](/news/2015/08/21/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-calls-for-a-snap-election-for-november-1st-after-the-previous-election-resulted-in-a-hung-parliament.md) _Context: hung parliament_
