### [2014-09-25](/news/2014/09/25/index.md)

# President of Ukraine Petro Poroshenko announces a wide-ranging reform program entitled Strategy 2020 to prepare Ukraine for applying for European Union membership in 2020. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-29365316)

### Related:

1. [President of Russia Vladimir Putin warns in a letter to his Ukrainian counterpart Petro Poroshenko that Moscow will restrict Ukraine's access to Russian markets if Kiev implements any part of a trade agreement with the European Union. ](/news/2014/09/23/president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-warns-in-a-letter-to-his-ukrainian-counterpart-petro-poroshenko-that-moscow-will-restrict-ukraine-s-acces.md) _Context: European Union, Petro Poroshenko, Ukrainian President_
2. [Ukraine-United States relations: U.S. President Donald Trump and Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, in a telephone call, discuss strengthening the two countries' strategic partnership with particular attention to the conflict in the Donbass, a Ukrainian region that borders Russia. ](/news/2017/02/4/ukraine-united-states-relations-u-s-president-donald-trump-and-ukrainian-president-petro-poroshenko-in-a-telephone-call-discuss-streng.md) _Context: Petro Poroshenko, Ukrainian President_
3. [Former Secretary General of NATO Anders Fogh Rasmussen is named an advisor for Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, a move described by a Russian deputy chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee as a "hostile gesture". ](/news/2016/05/28/former-secretary-general-of-nato-anders-fogh-rasmussen-is-named-an-advisor-for-ukrainian-president-petro-poroshenko-a-move-described-by-a-r.md) _Context: Petro Poroshenko, Ukrainian President_
4. [Russia-Ukraine relations: Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko signs legislation banning all Russian films made after January 1, 2014. The legislation also bans movies produced by Russia after 1991 if they "glorify the work of government bodies" of Russia, citing such movies to be a threat to national security. ](/news/2016/04/21/russia-ukraine-relations-ukrainian-president-petro-poroshenko-signs-legislation-banning-all-russian-films-made-after-january-1-2014-the.md) _Context: Petro Poroshenko, Ukrainian President_
5. [War in Donbass: The President of Ukraine Petro Poroshenko claims that his forces have repelled an attack on the town of Marinka and captured 12 rebels including one Russian. ](/news/2015/06/6/war-in-donbass-the-president-of-ukraine-petro-poroshenko-claims-that-his-forces-have-repelled-an-attack-on-the-town-of-marinka-and-captured.md) _Context: Petro Poroshenko, Ukrainian President_
6. [War in Donbass: The leaders of France, Germany and Russia agree to work on a peace plan to be put to the President of Ukraine Petro Poroshenko on Sunday. ](/news/2015/02/7/war-in-donbass-the-leaders-of-france-germany-and-russia-agree-to-work-on-a-peace-plan-to-be-put-to-the-president-of-ukraine-petro-poroshen.md) _Context: Petro Poroshenko, Ukrainian President_
7. [War in Donbass: The office of the President of Ukraine calls on the European Union and NATO to condemn the Russian-backed rebels for military action in Debaltseve. The self-proclaimed rebel government officials claim the town was not part of the recently established ceasefire. ](/news/2015/02/17/war-in-donbass-the-office-of-the-president-of-ukraine-calls-on-the-european-union-and-nato-to-condemn-the-russian-backed-rebels-for-militar.md) _Context: European Union, Ukrainian President_
8. [2014-15 Russian military intervention in Ukraine:: The President of Ukraine Petro Poroshenko accuses Russia of sending 9,000 soldiers to help separatists in eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2015/01/21/2014-15-russian-military-intervention-in-ukraine-the-president-of-ukraine-petro-poroshenko-accuses-russia-of-sending-9-000-soldiers-to-h.md) _Context: Petro Poroshenko, Ukrainian President_
9. [Ukrainian parliamentary election, 2014: Voters in Ukraine go to the polls with supporters of President Petro Poroshenko expected to do well. ](/news/2014/10/26/ukrainian-parliamentary-election-2014-voters-in-ukraine-go-to-the-polls-with-supporters-of-president-petro-poroshenko-expected-to-do-well.md) _Context: Petro Poroshenko, Ukrainian President_
10. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: Vladimir Putin, the President of Russia, and Petro Poroshenko, the President of Ukraine, will meet at the sidelines of the Asia-Europe Meeting in Milan, Italy to discuss the conflict and supplies of natural gas. ](/news/2014/10/17/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-vladimir-putin-the-president-of-russia-and-petro-poroshenko-the-president-of-ukraine-will-meet-at-th.md) _Context: Petro Poroshenko, Ukrainian President_
