### [2017-05-28](/news/2017/05/28/index.md)

# CPP-NPA-NDF rebellion: The government of the Philippines and the Communist Party cancel peace talks after president Rodrigo Duterte declares martial law in Mindanao. 




### Source:

1. [teleSur](http://www.telesurtv.net/english/news/Duterte-Govt-Cancels-Peace-Talks-With-Leftists-Attacks-Communist-Fighters-and-Peasants-20170527-0020.html)

### Related:

1. [Martial law in the Philippines: The Supreme Court of the Philippines says President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte can declare martial law in the whole Philippines. Two days prior, the Supreme Court had ](/news/2017/07/6/martial-law-in-the-philippines-the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-says-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-can-declare-martial-l.md) _Context: Martial law in the Philippines, Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
2. [Martial law in the Philippines: President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte plans to appeal to the Congress of the Philippines to extend Proclamation No. 216 (martial law on the whole of Mindanao, which will end on 22 July 10 PM PST) until the end of 2017, due to constitutional constraints as well as the ongoing Marawi crisis. ](/news/2017/07/17/martial-law-in-the-philippines-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-plans-to-appeal-to-the-congress-of-the-philippines-to-extend-pr.md) _Context: Martial law in the Philippines, Mindanao, Rodrigo Duterte_
3. [Marawi crisis: Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte says he is "not aware" of the United States providing support to the Philippine government's military intervention against Islamists in Marawi. Duterte also said that he "never approached America for help". ](/news/2017/06/11/marawi-crisis-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-says-he-is-not-aware-of-the-united-states-providing-support-to-the-philippine-governm.md) _Context: Philippine government, Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
4. [2017 Marawi clash: President Rodrigo Duterte declares martial law in the island of Mindanao after Maute militants clash with army troops in Marawi, Lanao del Sur. ](/news/2017/05/23/2017-marawi-clash-president-rodrigo-duterte-declares-martial-law-in-the-island-of-mindanao-after-maute-militants-clash-with-army-troops-in.md) _Context: Martial law in the Philippines, Mindanao, Rodrigo Duterte_
5. [Philippines-United States relations: The Philippines Secretary of National Defense Delfin Lorenzana suspends participation in any joint patrols with the United States in the disputed South China Sea. Lorenzana will ask a detachment of 107 U.S. troops providing counterterrorism assistance on the southern island of Mindanao to leave as President Rodrigo Duterte requested. ](/news/2016/10/7/philippines-united-states-relations-the-philippines-secretary-of-national-defense-delfin-lorenzana-suspends-participation-in-any-joint-pa.md) _Context: Mindanao, Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
6. [Philippine Drug War: Rodrigo Duterte says he might declare martial law in the Philippines if his spat with the Supreme Court escalates. ](/news/2016/08/9/philippine-drug-war-rodrigo-duterte-says-he-might-declare-martial-law-in-the-philippines-if-his-spat-with-the-supreme-court-escalates.md) _Context: Martial law in the Philippines, Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
7. [The Philippines and the local Communist Party agree to renew talks that may lead to a peace treaty which could end the 46-year communist insurgency in the country. ](/news/2014/12/26/the-philippines-and-the-local-communist-party-agree-to-renew-talks-that-may-lead-to-a-peace-treaty-which-could-end-the-46-year-communist-ins.md) _Context: CPP-NPA-NDF rebellion, Communist Party of the Philippines, Philippines_
8. [Philippine Drug War: In alleged emulation of Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte's war on drugs, Indonesian President Joko Widodo announces orders for police to "shoot" suspected drug dealers without trial. ](/news/2017/07/23/philippine-drug-war-in-alleged-emulation-of-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-war-on-drugs-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-announces.md) _Context: Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
9. [Martial law in the Philippines: Proclamation No. 216: After seven hours of debate, the joint special session of the Congress of the Philippines votes 261-18 in favour of the motion to extend Proclamation No. 216 (martial law on the whole of Mindanao in response to the Marawi crisis), that was set to expire 10 PM Philippine Standard Time, until the end of the year. ](/news/2017/07/22/martial-law-in-the-philippines-proclamation-no-216-after-seven-hours-of-debate-the-joint-special-session-of-the-congress-of-the-philippi.md) _Context: Martial law in the Philippines, Mindanao_
10. [CPP-NPA-NDF rebellion: President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte indefinitely freezes the peace talks with the Communist Party of the Philippines after numerous attacks by the communist rebels on government forces. The President also vowed to re-orient anew the offensive against the Party's armed wing the New People's Army. ](/news/2017/07/21/cpp-npa-ndf-rebellion-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-indefinitely-freezes-the-peace-talks-with-the-communist-party-of-the.md) _Context: Communist Party of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
