### [2017-05-28](/news/2017/05/28/index.md)

# German federal election, 2017. In a speech in Munich, Angela Merkel says that Europe must not rely on its former allies. 

There’s a statesmanship – a vision, a morality and a core – to her that was thrown into sharp relief by Donald Trump’s shambling visit to Europe


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2017/may/29/angela-merkel-leader-free-world-donald-trump)

### Related:

1. [In a joint statement, leaders of the European Union say that recent claims about the United States spying on European leaders, such as Germany's Angela Merkel and citizens, "could prejudice co-operation in intelligence gathering". ](/news/2013/10/25/in-a-joint-statement-leaders-of-the-european-union-say-that-recent-claims-about-the-united-states-spying-on-european-leaders-such-as-germa.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, Europe_
2. [ Presidency of the European Council:. Tony Blair's former chief-of-staff, Jonathan Powell, has been touring European capital cities, including Brussels, Paris and Prague, in an undercover move to make him the first President of the European Council. Blair is supported by French President Nicolas Sarkozy and German Chancellor Angela Merkel. ](/news/2009/10/3/presidency-of-the-european-council-tony-blair-s-former-chief-of-staff-jonathan-powell-has-been-touring-european-capital-cities-includi.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, Europe_
3. [ The new Chancellor of Germany, Angela Merkel, goes to Paris, France for her first foreign trip in office. Some observers see this as a signal that intra-European affairs will be a high priority. ](/news/2005/11/23/the-new-chancellor-of-germany-angela-merkel-goes-to-paris-france-for-her-first-foreign-trip-in-office-some-observers-see-this-as-a-sign.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, Europe_
4. [Death and funeral of Helmut Kohl. World leaders such as Bill Clinton, Emmanuel Macron, Theresa May, Dmitry Medvedev and Angela Merkel attend the memorial service for the former West German leader Helmut Kohl. ](/news/2017/07/1/death-and-funeral-of-helmut-kohl-world-leaders-such-as-bill-clinton-emmanuel-macron-theresa-may-dmitry-medvedev-and-angela-merkel-attend.md) _Context: Angela Merkel_
5. [Recognition of same-sex unions in Germany. The Bundestag votes to introduce same-sex marriage in Germany. With 393 votes in favor and 226 against, including Chancellor Angela Merkel, the law is expected to enter into force before the end of the year. ](/news/2017/06/30/recognition-of-same-sex-unions-in-germany-the-bundestag-votes-to-introduce-same-sex-marriage-in-germany-with-393-votes-in-favor-and-226-ag.md) _Context: Angela Merkel_
6. [Recognition of same-sex unions in Germany. German same-sex couples may be able to marry after Chancellor Angela Merkel drops her opposition for a parliamentary vote. ](/news/2017/06/29/recognition-of-same-sex-unions-in-germany-german-same-sex-couples-may-be-able-to-marry-after-chancellor-angela-merkel-drops-her-opposition.md) _Context: Angela Merkel_
7. [Crime in Germany. A shooting occurs at a local train station in the Unterfohring suburb of Munich, Germany. The assailant shot a police officer in the head; she is in critical condition. Backup police engaged in a shootout where the suspect and two bystanders were injured. Police do not believe this is a terrorist attack. ](/news/2017/06/13/crime-in-germany-a-shooting-occurs-at-a-local-train-station-in-the-unterfaphring-suburb-of-munich-germany-the-assailant-shot-a-police-off.md) _Context: Munich_
8. [China-Germany relations. Chinese Premier Li Keqiang and German Chancellor Angela Merkel vow to expand their partnership in combating global climate change. ](/news/2017/06/1/china-germany-relations-chinese-premier-li-keqiang-and-german-chancellor-angela-merkel-vow-to-expand-their-partnership-in-combating-globa.md) _Context: Angela Merkel_
9. [North Rhine-Westphalia state election, 2017. Voters in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia head to the polls, with the media suggesting a victory for Angela Merkel's CDU over the SPD, who have lead the state for all but five years since 1966. ](/news/2017/05/14/north-rhine-westphalia-state-election-2017-voters-in-the-german-state-of-north-rhine-westphalia-head-to-the-polls-with-the-media-suggesti.md) _Context: Angela Merkel_
10. [German federal election, 2017. Alternative for Germany chairwoman Frauke Petry announces that she will not lead the party in the September federal election, citing other party leaders' insistence on remaining a "fundamental opposition party", unwilling to join a coalition. ](/news/2017/04/19/german-federal-election-2017-alternative-for-germany-chairwoman-frauke-petry-announces-that-she-will-not-lead-the-party-in-the-september-f.md) _Context: German federal election, 2017_
