### [2017-05-28](/news/2017/05/28/index.md)

# The Philippine military announces that it has discovered the bodies of 16 people, believed to have been killed by the ISIL affiliated Abu Sayyaf. Authorities say that the death toll after six days of fighting is 95, including 19 civilians. 




### Source:

1. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/05/28/world/asia/philippine-military-recovers-16-bodies-in-city-besieged-by-isis-linked-militants.html?_r=0)

### Related:

1. [Four Sarawakian Malaysians are kidnapped off the coast of Sabah by suspected members of the Abu Sayyaf, a group linked to the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2016/04/3/four-sarawakian-malaysians-are-kidnapped-off-the-coast-of-sabah-by-suspected-members-of-the-abu-sayyaf-a-group-linked-to-the-islamic-state.md) _Context: Abu Sayyaf, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
2. [ Abu Sayyaf militants, who threatened to kill three foreigners kidnapped in September, 2015, from a "high-end" Philippine resort, unless they were paid 900 million pesos (17 mil Euros) by midnight today (15:00 UTC), have beheaded one of the hostages, Canadian John Ridsdel. Philippine President Benigno Aquino III had ordered an all-out effort to rescue the hostages, including a Philippine woman, kidnapped by the Daesh-linked group. ](/news/2016/04/25/abu-sayyaf-militants-who-threatened-to-kill-three-foreigners-kidnapped-in-september-2015-from-a-high-end-philippine-resort-unless-the.md) _Context: Abu Sayyaf, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
3. [Philippine officials report four Indonesian sailors were kidnapped last night off the Philippines' southernmost town of Sitangkai, Tawi-Tawi, near Malaysia's Sabah state. Seven gunmen in a blue speedboat attacked two Indonesian-flagged tugboats. Six other sailors, including one who was shot, were not taken by ISIL-linked Abu Sayyaf militants. ](/news/2016/04/16/philippine-officials-report-four-indonesian-sailors-were-kidnapped-last-night-off-the-philippines-southernmost-town-of-sitangkai-tawi-tawi.md) _Context: Abu Sayyaf, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
4. [The Syrian Army lifts the 28-month-long siege of Deir ez-Zor by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2017/09/5/the-syrian-army-lifts-the-28-month-long-siege-of-deir-ez-zor-by-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [Syrian state television reports the Syrian Army reaches a point 3 kilometers from Deir ez-Zor, a city besieged by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant since 2014. ](/news/2017/09/4/syrian-state-television-reports-the-syrian-army-reaches-a-point-3-kilometers-from-deir-ez-zor-a-city-besieged-by-the-islamic-state-of-iraq.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [Seven people are killed and 13 are injured after suicide bombers hit a state-run power station near the northern city of Samarra, Iraq. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/09/2/seven-people-are-killed-and-13-are-injured-after-suicide-bombers-hit-a-state-run-power-station-near-the-northern-city-of-samarra-iraq-the.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [CJTF-OIR jets destroy a section of road, blocking the path of a convoy carrying ISIL evacuees from the Lebanon-Syria border en route to Abu Kamal in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. The convoy, carrying 308 militants and 331 civilians according to Hezbollah, is now effectively stranded in Syrian government-controlled territory. ](/news/2017/08/30/cjtfaoir-jets-destroy-a-section-of-road-blocking-the-path-of-a-convoy-carrying-isil-evacuees-from-the-lebanonasyria-border-en-route-to.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [ISIL militants and their families, estimated to be around 600 people, begin to leave their strongholds on the Lebanon-Syria border and Qalamun Mountains for the Deir ez-Zor Governorate under Syrian military escort. A ceasefire was reached between warring parties yesterday. ](/news/2017/08/28/isil-militants-and-their-families-estimated-to-be-around-600-people-begin-to-leave-their-strongholds-on-the-lebanonasyria-border-and-qal.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [The Iraqi Army announces it is in full control of the Iraqi Turkmen city of Tal Afar in the Nineveh Governorate, after eight days of clashes with ISIL militants inside the city. ](/news/2017/08/27/the-iraqi-army-announces-it-is-in-full-control-of-the-iraqi-turkmen-city-of-tal-afar-in-the-nineveh-governorate-after-eight-days-of-clashes.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [Iraqi security forces, along with Shi'ite volunteers and Kurdish Peshmerga fighters, launch a ground offensive to take the city of Tal Afar back from Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. The city has been isolated from the rest of the ISIL-held territory since the recent Mosul liberation. ](/news/2017/08/20/iraqi-security-forces-along-with-shi-ite-volunteers-and-kurdish-peshmerga-fighters-launch-a-ground-offensive-to-take-the-city-of-tal-afar.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
