### [2017-05-28](/news/2017/05/28/index.md)

# The government of the Philippines and the Communist Party cancel peace talks after president Rodrigo Duterte declares martial law in Mindanao. 




### Source:

1. [teleSur](http://www.telesurtv.net/english/news/Duterte-Govt-Cancels-Peace-Talks-With-Leftists-Attacks-Communist-Fighters-and-Peasants-20170527-0020.html)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.telesurtv.net/__export/1495923181565/sites/telesur/img/news/2017/05/27/npa_phils.jpg_1810791533.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The Supreme Court of the Philippines says President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte can declare martial law in the whole Philippines. Two days prior, the Supreme Court had ](/news/2017/07/6/the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-says-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-can-declare-martial-law-in-the-whole-philippines-two.md) _Context: Martial law in the Philippines, Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
2. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte plans to appeal to the Congress of the Philippines to extend Proclamation No. 216 (martial law on the whole of Mindanao, which will end on 22 July 10 PM PST) until the end of 2017, due to constitutional constraints as well as the ongoing Marawi crisis. ](/news/2017/07/17/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-plans-to-appeal-to-the-congress-of-the-philippines-to-extend-proclamation-no-216-martial-law.md) _Context: Martial law in the Philippines, Mindanao, Rodrigo Duterte_
3. [Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte says he is "not aware" of the United States providing support to the Philippine government's military intervention against Islamists in Marawi. Duterte also said that he "never approached America for help". ](/news/2017/06/11/philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-says-he-is-not-aware-of-the-united-states-providing-support-to-the-philippine-government-s-military.md) _Context: Philippine government, Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
4. [President Rodrigo Duterte declares martial law in the island of Mindanao after Maute militants clash with army troops in Marawi, Lanao del Sur. ](/news/2017/05/23/president-rodrigo-duterte-declares-martial-law-in-the-island-of-mindanao-after-maute-militants-clash-with-army-troops-in-marawi-lanao-del-s.md) _Context: Martial law in the Philippines, Mindanao, Rodrigo Duterte_
5. [The Philippines Secretary of National Defense Delfin Lorenzana suspends participation in any joint patrols with the United States in the disputed South China Sea. Lorenzana will ask a detachment of 107 U.S. troops providing counterterrorism assistance on the southern island of Mindanao to leave as President Rodrigo Duterte requested. ](/news/2016/10/7/the-philippines-secretary-of-national-defense-delfin-lorenzana-suspends-participation-in-any-joint-patrols-with-the-united-states-in-the-dis.md) _Context: Mindanao, Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
6. [Rodrigo Duterte says he might declare martial law in the Philippines if his spat with the Supreme Court escalates. ](/news/2016/08/9/rodrigo-duterte-says-he-might-declare-martial-law-in-the-philippines-if-his-spat-with-the-supreme-court-escalates.md) _Context: Martial law in the Philippines, Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
7. [The Philippines and the local Communist Party agree to renew talks that may lead to a peace treaty which could end the 46-year communist insurgency in the country. ](/news/2014/12/26/the-philippines-and-the-local-communist-party-agree-to-renew-talks-that-may-lead-to-a-peace-treaty-which-could-end-the-46-year-communist-ins.md) _Context: CPP-NPA-NDF rebellion, Communist, Philippines_
8. [ Coinciding with the 45th anniversary of the declaration of martial law in 1972 by the late Philippine President Ferdinand Marcos, nationwide protests are conducted by various groups against the government's implementation of the war on drugs and the ongoing martial law in the whole of Mindanao under the administration of President Rodrigo Duterte. ](/news/2017/09/21/coinciding-with-the-45th-anniversary-of-the-declaration-of-martial-law-in-1972-by-the-late-philippine-president-ferdinand-marcos-nationwid.md) _Context: Mindanao, Rodrigo Duterte_
9. [In alleged emulation of Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte's war on drugs, Indonesian President Joko Widodo announces orders for police to "shoot" suspected drug dealers without trial. ](/news/2017/07/23/in-alleged-emulation-of-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-war-on-drugs-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-announces-orders-for-police-to.md) _Context: Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
10. [After seven hours of debate, the joint special session of the Congress of the Philippines votes 261-18 in favour of the motion to extend Proclamation No. 216 (martial law on the whole of Mindanao in response to the Marawi crisis), that was set to expire 10 PM Philippine Standard Time, until the end of the year. ](/news/2017/07/22/after-seven-hours-of-debate-the-joint-special-session-of-the-congress-of-the-philippines-votes-261a18-in-favour-of-the-motion-to-extend-p.md) _Context: Martial law in the Philippines, Mindanao_
