### [2014-09-3](/news/2014/09/3/index.md)

# Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas speaks of an offer suggested by an Egyptian official whom he didn't name, that implies Egypt donating 600 square miles of land in Sinai to be used as a solution to the problem of Palestinian refugees. Mahmoud Abbas said that he rejected that offer. 

PA leader tells Fatah gathering it is &#8216;illogical&#8217; for Palestinian refugee problem to be solved at Egypt&#8217;s expense 


### Source:

1. [Times of Israel](http://www.timesofisrael.com/abbas-rejects-egyptian-offer-to-settle-refugees-in-sinai/)

### Related:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.: Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey: Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.: 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.: United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.: Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.: Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.: Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-: ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Egypt, Mahmoud Abbas_
2. [Bedouin men kidnap two tourists from the United States and their guide in Egypt's Sinai region and demand the release of a jailed tribesman for their return. ](/news/2012/07/13/bedouin-men-kidnap-two-tourists-from-the-united-states-and-their-guide-in-egypt-s-sinai-region-and-demand-the-release-of-a-jailed-tribesman.md) _Context: Egypt, Sinai_
3. [The Xinhua news agency reports that 25 Chinese workers held captive in the Sinai region of Egypt have been released. ](/news/2012/02/1/the-xinhua-news-agency-reports-that-25-chinese-workers-held-captive-in-the-sinai-region-of-egypt-have-been-released.md) _Context: Egypt, Sinai_
4. [Saboteurs attack Egypt's gas pipeline to Israel and Jordan, destroying a section of the pipeline west of al-Arish in Sinai. ](/news/2011/11/28/saboteurs-attack-egypt-s-gas-pipeline-to-israel-and-jordan-destroying-a-section-of-the-pipeline-west-of-al-arish-in-sinai.md) _Context: Egypt, Sinai_
5. [ Egyptian police find 2.75 tonnes of explosives in the el-Gefgafa area of Sinai, believed to be en route to the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2007/09/2/egyptian-police-find-2-75-tonnes-of-explosives-in-the-el-gefgafa-area-of-sinai-believed-to-be-en-route-to-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Egypt, Sinai_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A truce is declared between Israel and the Palestinian Authority. Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian Authority, and Ariel Sharon, the Prime Minister of Israel, shook hands at a four-way summit at Sharm el-Sheikh that was also attended by Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and Jordan's King Abdullah. Palestinian organization Hamas says it is not bound by the ceasefire. ](/news/2005/02/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-truce-is-declared-between-israel-and-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palesti.md) _Context: Egypt, Mahmoud Abbas_
7. [Alexandria train collision: Two trains collide in Alexandria, Egypt, killing at least 41 people and injuring at least 179. ](/news/2017/08/11/alexandria-train-collision-two-trains-collide-in-alexandria-egypt-killing-at-least-41-people-and-injuring-at-least-179.md) _Context: Egypt_
8. [2017 Qatar crisis: Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/2017-qatar-crisis-qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt.md) _Context: Egypt_
9. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis: Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognize.md) _Context: Egypt_
10. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis: The Bahrain News Agency publishes an official list of the demands from Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt towards Qatar. Turkey says the demands on Qatar are unlawful. ](/news/2017/06/25/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-the-bahrain-news-agency-publishes-an-official-list-of-the-demands-from-saudi-arabia-bahrain-the-united-arab.md) _Context: Egypt_
