### [2014-09-3](/news/2014/09/3/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War:. A spokesman for the White House confirms that a video showing American journalist Steven Sotloff being beheaded is authentic. 

The White House on Wednesday confirmed the authenticity of an Internet video that showed the beheading of American reporter Steven Sotloff by the Islamic State extremist group, as President Obama vowed justice will be served.


### Source:

1. [Fox News/AP](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2014/09/03/video-reportedly-shows-beheading-reporter-steven-sotloff-by-isis/)
2. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2014/09/03/steven-sotloff-dual-us-israeli-citizenship/15033951/)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War. ISIL releases an Internet video showing the beheading of American journalist Steven Sotloff. ](/news/2014/09/2/syrian-civil-war-isil-releases-an-internet-video-showing-the-beheading-of-american-journalist-steven-sotloff.md) _Context: Steven Sotloff, Syrian Civil War_
2. [2014 American intervention in Iraq and Syrian civil war:. American journalist James Wright Foley, kidnapped in 2012, has reportedly been beheaded by Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. ](/news/2014/08/19/2014-american-intervention-in-iraq-and-syrian-civil-war-american-journalist-james-wright-foley-kidnapped-in-2012-has-reportedly-been-beh.md) _Context: American, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian Civil War. A rocket hits and injures several people at the Damascus International Fair. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says five people have died. ](/news/2017/08/20/syrian-civil-war-a-rocket-hits-and-injures-several-people-at-the-damascus-international-fair-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian Civil War. A day after a Russian sponsored ceasefire with a rebel group agreed a halt of fighting in the last opposition enclave in the capital, Syrian government airplanes and artillery strike rebel-held eastern Damascus suburbs and Ghouta with barrel bombs, killing at least five civilians in the towns of Hamouriya and Zalamka with several case of suffocation from rockets filled with chlorine that were fired at the front lines of Jobar and Ain Terma. ](/news/2017/08/19/syrian-civil-war-a-day-after-a-russian-sponsored-ceasefire-with-a-rebel-group-agreed-a-halt-of-fighting-in-the-last-opposition-enclave-in-t.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
5. [Syrian Civil War. Central Syria campaign (July 2017-present). A Syrian Army commando unit backed by Russian warplanes and helicopters kills 25 ISIL militants in Central Syria, in the northeast of the Homs Governorate. ](/news/2017/08/13/syrian-civil-war-central-syria-campaign-july-2017-present-a-syrian-army-commando-unit-backed-by-russian-warplanes-and-helicopters-kill.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian Civil War. Seven members of the White Helmets are shot dead by unidentified gunmen who stormed their office in rebel-held Sarmin, in northwestern Syria. ](/news/2017/08/12/syrian-civil-war-seven-members-of-the-white-helmets-are-shot-dead-by-unidentified-gunmen-who-stormed-their-office-in-rebel-held-sarmin-in.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian Civil War. ISIL forces raid an Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps base in vast desert spaces of eastern Homs Governorate, Syria, manned by between 12 to 18 fighters, all but one of which are killed. ](/news/2017/08/11/syrian-civil-war-isil-forces-raid-an-iranian-islamic-revolutionary-guard-corps-base-in-vast-desert-spaces-of-eastern-homs-governorate-syri.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
8. [War in Donbass. Kurt Volker, U.S. special representative for Ukraine, says in a BBC News interview that the White House is considering arming Ukrainian government forces fighting Pro-Russian militants with defensive weapons. ](/news/2017/07/25/war-in-donbass-kurt-volker-u-s-special-representative-for-ukraine-says-in-a-bbc-news-interview-that-the-white-house-is-considering-armin.md) _Context: White House_
9. [Syrian Civil War. The Russian air force bombards the city of Madan and Zor Shamr Camp, south and east of Raqqa, Syria, with cluster bombs, killing six civilians and wounding 19 others. Nearby Alburamadan town was also struck; there are no reports of casualties. ](/news/2017/07/23/syrian-civil-war-the-russian-air-force-bombards-the-city-of-madan-and-zor-shamr-camp-south-and-east-of-raqqa-syria-with-cluster-bombs-k.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian Civil War. Violent clashes break out between the Syrian rebels and Syrian Democratic Forces on the outskirts of al-Muhsenli Village, in the northeastern countryside of Aleppo, but no casualties are reported. ](/news/2017/07/21/syrian-civil-war-violent-clashes-break-out-between-the-syrian-rebels-and-syrian-democratic-forces-on-the-outskirts-of-al-muhsenli-village.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
