### [2017-03-2](/news/2017/03/2/index.md)

# Northern Irish voters go to the polls to elect their new MLA representatives after a snap election was called following the resignation of Deputy First minister Martin McGuinness of Sinn Fin over the mishandling by Democratic Unionist Party over the recent Renewable Heat Incentive scandal. 

Polling stations close across Northern Ireland for the 2017 Assembly election.


### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/election-northern-ireland-2017-39128501)

### Related:

1. [Martin McGuinness of Sinn Fein resigns as the NI deputy first minister in protest of handling by the Democratic Unionist Party of a failed energy scheme that cost Northern Irish taxpayers PS490 million. His decision will likely lead to a snap election. ](/news/2017/01/9/martin-mcguinness-of-sinn-fa-c-in-resigns-as-the-ni-deputy-first-minister-in-protest-of-handling-by-the-democratic-unionist-party-of-a-failed.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Martin McGuinness, Northern Irish, Renewable Heat Incentive scandal_
2. [The Secretary of State for Northern Ireland James Brokenshire announces a snap election is to take place on March 2 to elect members to the Northern Ireland Assembly after the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) and Sinn Fein failed to agree on a power-sharing agreement. ](/news/2017/01/16/the-secretary-of-state-for-northern-ireland-james-brokenshire-announces-a-snap-election-is-to-take-place-on-march-2-to-elect-members-to-the.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Northern Ireland Assembly election, 2017, Renewable Heat Incentive scandal_
3. [The deadline for the Government formation in Northern Ireland has expired following the refusal of the Democratic Unionist Party and  Sinn Fein to enter a power sharing agreement with each other, with both parties blaming each other for the impasse. ](/news/2017/03/27/the-deadline-for-the-government-formation-in-northern-ireland-has-expired-following-the-refusal-of-the-democratic-unionist-party-and-sinn-f.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Northern Ireland Assembly election, 2017_
4. [DUP leader and Northern Ireland First Minister Peter Robinson dismisses calls from Sinn Fin for a Scotland-style referendum on independence for Northern Ireland, telling his party's annual conference that a majority of Catholics want Northern Ireland to stay part of the United Kingdom. ](/news/2012/11/24/dup-leader-and-northern-ireland-first-minister-peter-robinson-dismisses-calls-from-sinn-fein-for-a-scotland-style-referendum-on-independence.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Sinn Féin_
5. [Sinn Fein's Martin McGuinness will shake hands with Elizabeth II at a historic first meeting between a British Monarch and member of Sinn Fein during the Queen's forthcoming trip to Northern Ireland. ](/news/2012/06/22/sinn-fein-s-martin-mcguinness-will-shake-hands-with-elizabeth-ii-at-a-historic-first-meeting-between-a-british-monarch-and-member-of-sinn-fa.md) _Context: Martin McGuinness, Sinn Féin_
6. [Sinn Fein announces that Martin McGuinness, current Deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland and former Irish Republican Army commander, will be a candidate for the Irish presidential election with John O'Dowd serving as acting Deputy First Minister. ](/news/2011/09/18/sinn-fein-announces-that-martin-mcguinness-current-deputy-first-minister-of-northern-ireland-and-former-irish-republican-army-commander-wi.md) _Context: Martin McGuinness, Sinn Féin_
7. [Sinn Fin's officer board gives its approval to put forward Northern Ireland's Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness as a candidate for the 2011 Irish presidential election. ](/news/2011/09/16/sinn-fein-s-officer-board-gives-its-approval-to-put-forward-northern-ireland-s-deputy-first-minister-martin-mcguinness-as-a-candidate-for-th.md) _Context: Martin McGuinness, Sinn Féin_
8. [Counting for the Northern Ireland Assembly election finally ends with the DUP and Sinn Fin winning the most seats, 38 and 29 respectively. ](/news/2011/05/7/counting-for-the-northern-ireland-assembly-election-finally-ends-with-the-dup-and-sinn-fein-winning-the-most-seats-38-and-29-respectively.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Sinn Féin_
9. [The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) and Sinn Fin agree to devolution from Westminster from 12 April 2010 after two weeks of discussions, the longest ever during the Northern Ireland peace process. ](/news/2010/02/5/the-democratic-unionist-party-dup-and-sinn-fein-agree-to-devolution-from-westminster-from-12-april-2010-after-two-weeks-of-discussions-th.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Sinn Féin_
10. [Former Northern Irish First Minister Peter Robinson, leader of the Democratic Unionist Party, tells ''The Sunday Times'' that the conduct of his wife, politician Iris Robinson, with her young lover has led him to shake hands with deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness (Sinn Fein) for the first time. ](/news/2010/01/17/former-northern-irish-first-minister-peter-robinson-leader-of-the-democratic-unionist-party-tells-the-sunday-times-that-the-conduct-of.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Martin McGuinness_
