### [2004-09-4](/news/2004/09/4/index.md)

#  2.5 million Florida residents are ordered to evacuate their homes in preparation for Hurricane Frances, which has already hit the Bahamas and Turks and Caicos Islands. Frances is currently a strong Category Two Hurricane, and will be very near the east coast of Florida by late tonight or early next morning. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/3625252.stm)
2. [NOAA/NHC](http://www.nhc.noaa.gov/text/refresh/MIATCPAT1+shtml/)

### Related:

1. [ Hurricane Frances, a Category Two Hurricane, moves across Florida. Insurance claims for damages are estimated to be between USD 2 and 10 billion. At least two deaths are attributed to Frances in the Bahamas, and one in Gainesville, Florida. ](/news/2004/09/5/hurricane-frances-a-category-two-hurricane-moves-across-florida-insurance-claims-for-damages-are-estimated-to-be-between-usd-2-and-10-bi.md) _Context: Bahamas, Florida, Hurricane Frances, Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale_
2. [ Hurricane Frances, now downgraded to a tropical depression, dumps up to 5&nbsp;inches (127 mm) of rain on Georgia. At least nine deaths in Florida, two deaths in the Bahamas, and one death in Georgia are blamed on the storm. Damage estimates range widely from US$2 to US$15 billion. NASA's Vehicle Assembly Building was heavily damaged by the storm. ](/news/2004/09/7/hurricane-frances-now-downgraded-to-a-tropical-depression-dumps-up-to-5-nbsp-inches-127-mm-of-rain-on-georgia-at-least-nine-deaths-in.md) _Context: Bahamas, Florida, Hurricane Frances_
3. [Hurricane Matthew kills at least 26 people on the island of Hispaniola; 22 in Haiti and four more in the Dominican Republic. The U.S. National Hurricane Center predicts the storm, currently a Category 3 with maximum sustained winds of 115 mph (185 km/h), will strengthen as it moves across the Bahamas tonight and tomorrow, and be near the east coast of Florida by tomorrow evening. ](/news/2016/10/5/hurricane-matthew-kills-at-least-26-people-on-the-island-of-hispaniola-22-in-haiti-and-four-more-in-the-dominican-republic-the-u-s-nation.md) _Context: Bahamas, Florida_
4. [ 2004 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Ivan strengthens to the first Category 5 hurricane of the season, with sustained wind speeds of 160&nbsp;mi/h (260 km/h). It is currently forecast to strike Jamaica, Cuba and possibly Florida. The storm has the potential to cause catastrophic damage. ](/news/2004/09/9/2004-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-ivan-strengthens-to-the-first-category-5-hurricane-of-the-season-with-sustained-wind-speeds-of-1.md) _Context: Florida, Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale_
5. [ 2004 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Jeanne strengthens slightly as it passes over the northern Bahamas and makes landfall at 11:50 p.m. local time at Hutchison Island, just east of Stuart, Florida, as a Category Three storm with maximum sustained winds of 120&nbsp;mph (195 km/h). About 3 million people are ordered to evacuate vulnerable areas in Florida. ](/news/2004/09/25/2004-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-jeanne-strengthens-slightly-as-it-passes-over-the-northern-bahamas-and-makes-landfall-at-11-50-p.md) _Context: Bahamas, Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale_
6. [Irma has killed at least 14 people. The storm, still at Category 5 strength with maximum sustained winds of 175 mph (280 km/h), is moving west-northwest at 16 mph (26 km/h). It has reached the dual-country island of Hispaniola and is forecast to pass over the Turks and Caicos Islands as it heads towards The Bahamas and Cuba. The eye did not directly hit Puerto Rico; still casualties are reported and around two-thirds of its 3.4 million population are without electricity. ](/news/2017/09/7/irma-has-killed-at-least-14-people-the-storm-still-at-category-5-strength-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-175-mph-280-km-h-is-moving-we.md) _Context: Turks and Caicos Islands_
7. [Hurricane Irma is now a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph (215 km/h). Hurricane warnings are issued for the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean, which are expected to be affected Tuesday. Rainfalls of up to 10 inches (25 centimeters) are possible. Irma is forecast to strengthen over the next 48 hours. The governors of Puerto Rico and Florida issue states of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/4/hurricane-irma-is-now-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph-215-km-h-hurricane-warnings-are-issued-for-the-leewa.md) _Context: Florida_
8. [Hurricane Irma makes landfall in Florida as a category 4 hurricane, killing at least three people and knocking out power to over one million households. ](/news/2017/09/10/hurricane-irma-makes-landfall-in-florida-as-a-category-4-hurricane-killing-at-least-three-people-and-knocking-out-power-to-over-one-million.md) _Context: Florida_
9. [A discharged 45-year-old former employee shoots and kills five people at a manufacturing business in Orlando, Florida, United States. The shooter took his own life afterwards. Eight others inside the workplace survived. ](/news/2017/06/5/a-discharged-45-year-old-former-employee-shoots-and-kills-five-people-at-a-manufacturing-business-in-orlando-florida-united-states-the-sh.md) _Context: Florida_
10. [The United States Air Force's unmanned spacecraft X-37B successfully lands at Kennedy Space Center's Shuttle Landing Facility in Merritt Island, Florida, after spending a record-breaking 718 days in orbit. The landing was responsible for reports of sonic booms across central Florida. ](/news/2017/05/7/the-united-states-air-force-s-unmanned-spacecraft-x-37b-successfully-lands-at-kennedy-space-center-s-shuttle-landing-facility-in-merritt-isl.md) _Context: Florida_
