### [2007-07-12](/news/2007/07/12/index.md)

#  A false alarm causes the diversion of American Airlines Flight 136. The plane crew was concerned that a passenger of Middle Eastern descent might have bypassed security controls. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/6295398.stm)

### Related:

1. [The first synchrotron in the Middle East, SESAME, opens in Jordan, marking a rare cooperation between Iran, Israel, Turkey, and the Palestinian Authority. ](/news/2017/05/16/the-first-synchrotron-in-the-middle-east-sesame-opens-in-jordan-marking-a-rare-cooperation-between-iran-israel-turkey-and-the-palestin.md) _Context: Middle East_
2. [American Airlines announces it is investigating a viral video of an incident on a San Francisco to Dallas flight which shows a male flight attendant upsetting a female passenger, who he had allegedly forcefully taken a baby buggy from, and threatening to fight a male passenger. The American Airlines employee has been suspended. ](/news/2017/04/22/american-airlines-announces-it-is-investigating-a-viral-video-of-an-incident-on-a-san-francisco-to-dallas-flight-which-shows-a-male-flight-a.md) _Context: American Airlines_
3. [According to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute, the global transfer of weapons between 2012 and 2016 has been higher than any other five-year period since the end of the Cold War, with the Middle East increasing its weapon imports by 212%, second only to India, who accounted for 13% of the world's imports. ](/news/2017/02/20/according-to-the-stockholm-international-peace-research-institute-the-global-transfer-of-weapons-between-2012-and-2016-has-been-higher-than.md) _Context: Middle East_
4. [ Alaska Airlines: The U.S. Justice Department (DOJ) issues final approval for Alaska Airlines to acquire Virgin America, in a US$2.6 billion dollar merger. In exchange for approval, the DOJ requires Alaska Airlines to reduce its partnership with American Airlines. ](/news/2016/12/6/alaska-airlines-the-u-s-justice-department-doj-issues-final-approval-for-alaska-airlines-to-acquire-virgin-america-in-a-us-2-6-billion.md) _Context: American Airlines_
5. [American Airlines Flight 383 (2016): An American Airlines Boeing 767 catches fire after an aborted takeoff at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport. Seven passengers and one flight attendant were injured, and taken to area hospitals. ](/news/2016/10/28/american-airlines-flight-383-2016-an-american-airlines-boeing-767-catches-fire-after-an-aborted-takeoff-at-chicago-s-o-hare-international.md) _Context: American Airlines_
6. [Cuba-United States relations: The United States tentatively approves eight, of 12 that applied, airlines for flights from 10 U.S. cities to Havana as early as this fall: Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Delta Air Lines, Frontier Airlines, JetBlue Airways, Southwest Airlines, Spirit Airlines, and United Airlines. Last month, flights were approved from five U.S. cities to nine other international airports. ](/news/2016/07/7/cuba-united-states-relations-the-united-states-tentatively-approves-eight-of-12-that-applied-airlines-for-flights-from-10-u-s-cities-t.md) _Context: American Airlines_
7. [Military intervention against ISIL: The United States Air Force deploys B-52 bombers to Al Udeid Air Base in Qatar to join operations against ISIL in Syria and Iraq. This is the first time they have been stationed in the Middle East since the end of the Gulf War in 1991. ](/news/2016/04/9/military-intervention-against-isil-the-united-states-air-force-deploys-b-52-bombers-to-al-udeid-air-base-in-qatar-to-join-operations-agains.md) _Context: Middle East_
8. [Gulf Cooperation Council Summit: United States President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/gulf-cooperation-council-summit-united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-unit.md) _Context: Middle East_
9. [New Zealand Prime Minister John Key says his country is willing to accept some asylum seekers from the Middle East and Asia, currently in detention camps on impoverished Pacific island nations. Presently, 267 refugees in Australia for medical treatment, some accompanied by a relative, are set to be returned to Nauru-s detention camp. Australia is hesitant about the offer, concerned that it could encourage people smugglers. ](/news/2016/02/19/new-zealand-prime-minister-john-key-says-his-country-is-willing-to-accept-some-asylum-seekers-from-the-middle-east-and-asia-currently-in-de.md) _Context: Middle East_
10. [Scientists warn a new strain of the Panama Disease fungus, which in the 1950s nearly wiped out the most popular banana in the world, the Gros Michel, is threatening today's favorite, the Cavendish, according to a new study published in "PLOS Pathogens". This untreatable fungal disease, called Tropical Race 4, has been active for decades in Southeast Asia. It recently has spread to other parts of Asia, Africa, the Middle East, and Australia, and is expected to make its way to Latin America, where the vast majority of the world's exported bananas are grown. ](/news/2015/12/6/scientists-warn-a-new-strain-of-the-panama-disease-fungus-which-in-the-1950s-nearly-wiped-out-the-most-popular-banana-in-the-world-the-gro.md) _Context: Middle East_
