### [2007-07-12](/news/2007/07/12/index.md)

#  The Spanish Civil Guard raids a boat operated by Odyssey Marine Exploration that it claims may have taken treasure worth hundreds of millions of dollars from a Spanish galleon. 

Spanish police have boarded a boat operated by a US company which Madrid believes may have taken treasure worth hundreds of millions of dollars from a Spanish galleon.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/6896645.stm)
2. [Reuters via ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2007/07/13/1977436.htm)

### Related:

1. [The Royal Navy's HMS "Sabre" fires warning shots at a Spanish Guardia Civil vessel after it twice attempted to cut across the path of United States Navy submarine USS "Florida" during an incursion into Gibraltar's territorial waters. Gibraltar officials say Spanish vessels regularly stray deep into its territorial waters and the Foreign and Commonwealth Office has attacked the incursions as provocative. ](/news/2016/05/5/the-royal-navy-s-hms-sabre-fires-warning-shots-at-a-spanish-guardia-civil-vessel-after-it-twice-attempted-to-cut-across-the-path-of-united.md) _Context: Guardia Civil, Spain_
2. [Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos announces the discovery of the Spanish galleon San Jose which sunk off that country's coast over 300 years ago. The discovery was a joint venture between Colombia and U.S. firm Sea Search Armada, which filed a lawsuit when Colombia claimed the wreck as a heritage site. The wreck's cargo is placed somewhere in the $4 to $17 billion range. ](/news/2015/12/5/colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-announces-the-discovery-of-the-spanish-galleon-san-josa-c-which-sunk-off-that-countryas-coast-over-3.md) _Context: Spain, galleon_
3. [Treasure from the Spanish Navy frigate "Nuestra Seora de las Mercedes" returns to Spain after being recovered by Odyssey Marine Exploration in 2007. ](/news/2012/02/25/treasure-from-the-spanish-navy-frigate-nuestra-senora-de-las-mercedes-returns-to-spain-after-being-recovered-by-odyssey-marine-exploration.md) _Context: Odyssey Marine Exploration, Spain_
4. [A US Federal Court judge orders Tampa-based Odyssey Marine Exploration to return treasures from the shipwreck of the "Nuestra Senora de las Mercedes" to Spain. ](/news/2012/02/17/a-us-federal-court-judge-orders-tampa-based-odyssey-marine-exploration-to-return-treasures-from-the-shipwreck-of-the-nuestra-sea-ora-de-las.md) _Context: Odyssey Marine Exploration, Spain_
5. [ At least two people are killed in a car bomb explosion at a Guardia Civil barracks in Palma Nova on the Spanish island of Mallorca. ](/news/2009/07/30/at-least-two-people-are-killed-in-a-car-bomb-explosion-at-a-guardia-civil-barracks-in-palma-nova-on-the-spanish-island-of-mallorca.md) _Context: Guardia Civil, Spain_
6. [Approximately fifty migrants are feared drowned off the coast of Morocco. Three men were rescued near Alboran Island near the coast of Spain. ](/news/2017/07/4/approximately-fifty-migrants-are-feared-drowned-off-the-coast-of-morocco-three-men-were-rescued-near-alboran-island-near-the-coast-of-spain.md) _Context: Spain_
7. [A fire forces the evacuation of more than 22,000 concertgoers at the Tomorrowland music festival at the Parc de Can Zam in Barcelona, Spain. There were no serious injuries. This is the first time the festival has been held in Spain; Belgium had been the home since 2005. ](/news/2017/07/29/a-fire-forces-the-evacuation-of-more-than-22-000-concertgoers-at-the-tomorrowland-music-festival-at-the-parc-de-can-zam-in-barcelona-spain.md) _Context: Spain_
8. [The remains of surrealist painter Salvador Dali are exhumed following a Madrid court order on settling the paternity claim of a woman who is allegedly the painter's natural daughter. Various experts contest the claim, noting Dali's sexual eccentrism (including a public boast about his "impotency") and that the action being against the state (Dali bequeathed his estate to Spain). If proven, this woman could assume part of Dali's estate. ](/news/2017/07/21/the-remains-of-surrealist-painter-salvador-dala-are-exhumed-following-a-madrid-court-order-on-settling-the-paternity-claim-of-a-woman-who-i.md) _Context: Spain_
9. [A large scale international cyber-attack using the WannaCry ransomware package disrupts computer and telephone systems in thousands of cases across 99 countries. Affected organisations include: England's NHS, with doctors reporting messages demanding money; MegaFon and Sberbank in Russia; Telefonica, Iberdrola, and Gas Natural in Spain; and FedEx. ](/news/2017/05/12/a-large-scale-international-cyber-attack-using-the-wannacry-ransomware-package-disrupts-computer-and-telephone-systems-in-thousands-of-cases.md) _Context: Spain_
10. [In Spain, the Basque separatist group ETA announces that it will fully disarm by April 8, 2017. ](/news/2017/03/17/in-spain-the-basque-separatist-group-eta-announces-that-it-will-fully-disarm-by-april-8-2017.md) _Context: Spain_
