### [2007-07-12](/news/2007/07/12/index.md)

#  The government of Cote d'Ivoire decides to ask the United Nations to probe the failed assassination attempt against Prime Minister Guillaume Soro. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/6294690.stm)

### Related:

1. [The disputed government of Cote d'Ivoire imposes a ban on United Nations flights from flying over or landing in the country. ](/news/2011/03/10/the-disputed-government-of-ca-te-d-ivoire-imposes-a-ban-on-united-nations-flights-from-flying-over-or-landing-in-the-country.md) _Context: Cote d'Ivoire, United Nations_
2. [Cote d'Ivoire's ambassador to the United Nations, Youssoufou Bamba, says the country is on the "brink of genocide". ](/news/2010/12/30/ca-te-d-ivoire-s-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-youssoufou-bamba-says-the-country-is-on-the-brink-of-genocide.md) _Context: Cote d'Ivoire, United Nations_
3. [Cote d'Ivoire:: The United Nations rejects a demand by incumbent Cote d'Ivoire President Laurent Gbagbo to remove its peacekeepers from the country. ](/news/2010/12/19/ca-te-d-ivoire-the-united-nations-rejects-a-demand-by-incumbent-ca-te-d-ivoire-president-laurent-gbagbo-to-remove-its-peacekeepers-from-th.md) _Context: Cote d'Ivoire, United Nations_
4. [ The United Nations Security Council extends the mandate of UN and French peacekeepers in Cote d'Ivoire. ](/news/2005/04/4/the-united-nations-security-council-extends-the-mandate-of-un-and-french-peacekeepers-in-ca-te-d-ivoire.md) _Context: Cote d'Ivoire, United Nations_
5. [Syria chemical weapons program: Sanctions against North Korea: Two North Korean shipments to a Syrian government agency of its chemical weapons program were intercepted in the past 6 months, according to a confidential United Nations report on violations of North Korea's sactions. ](/news/2017/08/21/syria-chemical-weapons-program-sanctions-against-north-korea-two-north-korean-shipments-to-a-syrian-government-agency-of-its-chemical-weap.md) _Context: United Nations_
6. [Epidemiology of HIV/AIDS: According to the United Nations, the Philippines has the largest increase in HIV/AIDS in the Asia Pacific region with about a 140% increase in cases from 2010 until 2016 possibly causing a 'national emergency.' ](/news/2017/08/1/epidemiology-of-hiv-aids-according-to-the-united-nations-the-philippines-has-the-largest-increase-in-hiv-aids-in-the-asia-pacific-region-w.md) _Context: United Nations_
7. [Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons: The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-12.md) _Context: United Nations_
8. [Russia and the United Nations: Russian President Vladimir Putin appoints Vasily Nebenzya to be the new Permanent Representative of Russia to the United Nations following the sudden death of Vitaly Churkin in February. ](/news/2017/07/27/russia-and-the-united-nations-russian-president-vladimir-putin-appoints-vasily-nebenzya-to-be-the-new-permanent-representative-of-russia-to.md) _Context: United Nations_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.: Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey: Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.: 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.: United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.: Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.: Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.: Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-: ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: United Nations_
10. [Colombian peace process: The United Nations confirms that the FARC has completed its disarmament process, with former rebels due to make the transition to civilian life and the group to transform into a legal political party in the country. ](/news/2017/06/26/colombian-peace-process-the-united-nations-confirms-that-the-farc-has-completed-its-disarmament-process-with-former-rebels-due-to-make-the.md) _Context: United Nations_
