### [2009-04-1](/news/2009/04/1/index.md)

#  Israeli Foreign Affairs Minister Avigdor Lieberman says that the Annapolis Conference "has no validity." 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/7977002.stm)

### Related:

1. [Israeli  Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu asks  Yisrael Beiteinu party leader and  former Foreign Minister  Avigdor Lieberman to be Defense Minister. Current defense minister and former army chief of staff Moshe Ya'alon's role in the future government is unclear. Leiberman is known for his hawkish and uncompromising views. ](/news/2016/05/19/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-asks-yisrael-beiteinu-party-leader-and-former-foreign-minister-avigdor-lieberman-to-be-defense.md) _Context: Avigdor Lieberman, Foreign Minister, Israel_
2. [Avigdor Lieberman resigns as the Israeli Foreign Affairs Minister  and as Deputy Prime Minister following an indictment for fraud. ](/news/2012/12/14/avigdor-lieberman-resigns-as-the-israeli-foreign-affairs-minister-and-as-deputy-prime-minister-following-an-indictment-for-fraud.md) _Context: Avigdor Lieberman, Israel_
3. [Israel's Justice Ministry announces that Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman, while he will not face more serious money laundering and witness tampering corruption charges, will be charged with breach of trust and fraud in connection with illegally obtaining funds from shell companies which occurred prior to his Ministry service. ](/news/2012/12/13/israel-s-justice-ministry-announces-that-foreign-minister-avigdor-lieberman-while-he-will-not-face-more-serious-money-laundering-and-witnes.md) _Context: Avigdor Lieberman, Israel_
4. [Avigdor Lieberman, the Israeli Foreign Affairs Minister and leader of the Yisrael Beitenu Party says that it will block any proposal to extend a freeze on settlements on the West Bank. ](/news/2010/09/6/avigdor-lieberman-the-israeli-foreign-affairs-minister-and-leader-of-the-yisrael-beitenu-party-says-that-it-will-block-any-proposal-to-exte.md) _Context: Avigdor Lieberman, Israel_
5. [Israel announces that Benjamin Netanyahu, Ehud Barak and Avigdor Lieberman have chosen Yosef Ciechanover, who formerly held posts in the Foreign Ministry, Defence Ministry and defence mission to the United States, to represent it on the United Nations panel to investigate May's Gaza flotilla raid. ](/news/2010/08/7/israel-announces-that-benjamin-netanyahu-ehud-barak-and-avigdor-lieberman-have-chosen-yosef-ciechanover-who-formerly-held-posts-in-the-for.md) _Context: Avigdor Lieberman, Israel_
6. [Israel's Foreign Ministry alleges Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah's press conference yesterday, in which he stated he has evidence that implicates Israel in the 2005 assassination of former Prime Minister of Lebanon Rafic Hariri and 22 others, was full of "ridiculous lies". ](/news/2010/08/10/israel-s-foreign-ministry-alleges-hezbollah-leader-hassan-nasrallah-s-press-conference-yesterday-in-which-he-stated-he-has-evidence-that-im.md) _Context: Foreign Minister, Israel_
7. [ Avigdor Lieberman, the Israeli Strategic Affairs Minister, resigns from the Cabinet of Prime Minister Ehud Olmert with 10 party colleagues resigning from the government as well. ](/news/2008/01/16/avigdor-lieberman-the-israeli-strategic-affairs-minister-resigns-from-the-cabinet-of-prime-minister-ehud-olmert-with-10-party-colleagues.md) _Context: Avigdor Lieberman, Israel_
8. [A shooting  at the Israeli embassy in Amman, Jordan, leaves one person, a Jordanian, dead, and an Israeli and a Jordanian wounded. There is speculation the attack may be linked to recent events at Jerusalem's  Al-Aqsa Mosque. ](/news/2017/07/23/a-shooting-at-the-israeli-embassy-in-amman-jordan-leaves-one-person-a-jordanian-dead-and-an-israeli-and-a-jordanian-wounded-there-is.md) _Context: Israel_
9. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Israel_
10. [Israel arrests Palestinian lawmaker Khalida Jarrar over allegations of her inciting of violence. ](/news/2017/07/2/israel-arrests-palestinian-lawmaker-khalida-jarrar-over-allegations-of-her-inciting-of-violence.md) _Context: Israel_
