### [2009-03-3](/news/2009/03/3/index.md)

#  The European Court of Human Rights rules that Turkey's government violated the property rights of a Greek Orthodox foundation by seizing its land and fines it -105,000. 

The European Court of Human Rights Tuesday ruled Turkey had violated the property rights of a Greek Orthodox foundation by seizing its land and ordered the government to pay damages.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/worldNews/idUSTRE5224XF20090303)

### Related:

1. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Russia had failed to protect students and teachers during the 2004 Beslan school siege, which left 334 people dead, and orders the Russian Government to pay 2,955,000 euros to 409 relatives of the victims. The ruling was quickly denounced by Russia as "unacceptable". ](/news/2017/04/13/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-russia-had-failed-to-protect-students-and-teachers-during-the-2004-beslan-school-siege-which.md) _Context: EUR, European Court of Human Rights_
2. [Syrian Civil War. Human Rights Watch releases a report finding, because of a language barrier, integration issues, and financial difficulties, more than 400,000 Syrian refugee children in Turkey are not able to attend school despite the Turkish government allowing them access to the Turkish schooling system. ](/news/2015/11/9/syrian-civil-war-human-rights-watch-releases-a-report-finding-because-of-a-language-barrier-integration-issues-and-financial-difficultie.md) _Context: Turkey, Turkish government_
3. [The European Court of Human Rights orders Turkey to pay $124 million in compensation for the 1974 Turkish invasion of Cyprus, which established the internationally unrecognized state of Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus. ](/news/2014/05/12/the-european-court-of-human-rights-orders-turkey-to-pay-124-million-in-compensation-for-the-1974-turkish-invasion-of-cyprus-which-establis.md) _Context: European Court of Human Rights, Turkey_
4. [ French lawmakers introduce a bill to criminalize Armenian Genocide denial. The legislation would imprison offenders for one year and fine them up to -45,000. Turkey calls upon French legislators to vote against the bill. The Turkish Parliament is considering a bill that would criminalize denial of French human rights violations in Algeria. ](/news/2006/10/9/french-lawmakers-introduce-a-bill-to-criminalize-armenian-genocide-denial-the-legislation-would-imprison-offenders-for-one-year-and-fine-t.md) _Context: EUR, Turkey_
5. [ The European Court of Human Rights rules that Turkey's 1999 trial of Kurdish leader Abdullah calan was not fair. ](/news/2005/05/12/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-turkey-s-1999-trial-of-kurdish-leader-abdullah-ocalan-was-not-fair.md) _Context: European Court of Human Rights, Turkey_
6. [International Criminal Court investigation in Mali. The International Criminal Court has ruled that Ahmad al-Faqi al-Mahdi is liable for about - 2.7 million in personal damages for the destruction of Timbuktu's heritage sites, and that the victims (including Mali itself and the international community) be paid "individual, collective, and symbolic" reparations. The Trust Fund for Victims is to decide until 16 February 2018 how the amount will be paid (the Court has also recognized that the penniless al-Mahdi would be unable to pay). ](/news/2017/08/17/international-criminal-court-investigation-in-mali-the-international-criminal-court-has-ruled-that-ahmad-al-faqi-al-mahdi-is-liable-for-abo.md) _Context: EUR_
7. [2017 Aegean Sea earthquake. A 6.7 magnitude earthquake in the Aegean Sea near Greece and Turkey kills two people and injures more than 520 others. ](/news/2017/07/21/2017-aegean-sea-earthquake-a-6-7-magnitude-earthquake-in-the-aegean-sea-near-greece-and-turkey-kills-two-people-and-injures-more-than-520-o.md) _Context: Turkey_
8. [Syrian Civil War. Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-civil-war-syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-o.md) _Context: Turkey_
9. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis. The Bahrain News Agency publishes an official list of the demands from Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt towards Qatar. Turkey says the demands on Qatar are unlawful. ](/news/2017/06/25/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-the-bahrain-news-agency-publishes-an-official-list-of-the-demands-from-saudi-arabia-bahrain-the-united-arab.md) _Context: Turkey_
10. [Creation-evolution controversy. Turkey decides to stop teaching evolution to its students until their university level curriculum, deeming it controversial and too complex to understand. Critics say this undermines the secular foundation of the Turkish state. ](/news/2017/06/23/creation-evolution-controversy-turkey-decides-to-stop-teaching-evolution-to-its-students-until-their-university-level-curriculum-deeming.md) _Context: Turkey_
