### [2011-12-13](/news/2011/12/13/index.md)

# Political tension continues in Papua New Guinea with former Prime Minister Sir Michael Somare expected to be sworn in again following a ruling by the Supreme Court and incumbent PM Peter O'Neill refusing to stand aside. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-16152534)

### Related:

1. [The Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea rules that the August 2011 election of Peter O'Neill as Prime Minister was unconstitutional and orders the reinstatement of former Prime Minister Michael Somare to office. ](/news/2011/12/12/the-supreme-court-of-papua-new-guinea-rules-that-the-august-2011-election-of-peter-o-neill-as-prime-minister-was-unconstitutional-and-orders.md) _Context: Michael Somare, Peter O'Neill, Prime Minister, Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea_
2. [Polling places open in Papua New Guinea, and will remain open for two weeks, to elect all 111 members of the National Parliament. The People's National Congress led by Prime Minister Peter O'Neill is considered likely to maintain a governing coalition, despite uncertainty due to lack of opinion polling. ](/news/2017/06/24/polling-places-open-in-papua-new-guinea-and-will-remain-open-for-two-weeks-to-elect-all-111-members-of-the-national-parliament-the-people.md) _Context: Papua New Guinea, Peter O'Neill, Prime Minister_
3. [Anti-government protests erupt across Papua New Guinea against Prime Minister Peter O'Neill, calling on him to resign. Papua New Guinea has been in a state of political turmoil since 2014 when the Prime Minister was accused of fraud and corruption. ](/news/2016/05/28/anti-government-protests-erupt-across-papua-new-guinea-against-prime-minister-peter-o-neill-calling-on-him-to-resign-papua-new-guinea-has.md) _Context: Papua New Guinea, Peter O'Neill, Prime Minister_
4. [A warrant is issued for the arrest of Peter O'Neill, Prime Minister of Papua New Guinea, in relation to a fraud case related to alleged payment of millions of dollars in illegal payments to a law firm. The Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea later stays the warrant. ](/news/2014/06/16/a-warrant-is-issued-for-the-arrest-of-peter-o-neill-prime-minister-of-papua-new-guinea-in-relation-to-a-fraud-case-related-to-alleged-paym.md) _Context: Peter O'Neill, Prime Minister, Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea_
5. [The Parliament of Papua New Guinea meets to choose a new Prime Minister after a ruling by the Supreme Court last week, with ''de facto'' Prime Minister Peter O'Neill again chosen. ](/news/2012/05/30/the-parliament-of-papua-new-guinea-meets-to-choose-a-new-prime-minister-after-a-ruling-by-the-supreme-court-last-week-with-de-facto-pri.md) _Context: Peter O'Neill, Prime Minister, Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea_
6. [Police blockade the Parliament of Papua New Guinea in Port Moresby the day after the government led by Prime Minister of Papua New Guinea Peter O'Neill lays sedition charges against the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea, Sir Salamo Injia. ](/news/2012/05/25/police-blockade-the-parliament-of-papua-new-guinea-in-port-moresby-the-day-after-the-government-led-by-prime-minister-of-papua-new-guinea-pe.md) _Context: Peter O'Neill, Prime Minister, Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea_
7. [Former Papua New Guinea Army Colonel Yaura Sasa, who led a recent coup d'etat attempt to restore former Prime Minister Sir Michael Somare to power, is charged with mutiny. ](/news/2012/01/29/former-papua-new-guinea-army-colonel-yaura-sasa-who-led-a-recent-coup-d-a-c-tat-attempt-to-restore-former-prime-minister-sir-michael-somare-t.md) _Context: Michael Somare, Papua New Guinea, Prime Minister_
8. [Papua New Guinea constitutional crisis: Soldiers supporting former Papua New Guinea Prime Minister Michael Somare stage a mutiny in Port Moresby. PNG Brigadier General Francis Agwi is said to be under house arrest. ](/news/2012/01/26/papua-new-guinea-constitutional-crisis-soldiers-supporting-former-papua-new-guinea-prime-minister-michael-somare-stage-a-mutiny-in-port-mor.md) _Context: Michael Somare, Papua New Guinea, Prime Minister_
9. [The ruling National Alliance Party in Papua New Guinea to elect an interim leader with concerns that Prime Minister Sir Michael Somare may not return to office after having heart surgery in Singapore. ](/news/2011/05/12/the-ruling-national-alliance-party-in-papua-new-guinea-to-elect-an-interim-leader-with-concerns-that-prime-minister-sir-michael-somare-may-n.md) _Context: Michael Somare, Papua New Guinea, Prime Minister_
10. [Papua New Guinea Deputy Prime Minister Puka Temu joins with opposition MPs in an attempt to bring down the government of Prime Minister Michael Somare. ](/news/2010/07/19/papua-new-guinea-deputy-prime-minister-puka-temu-joins-with-opposition-mps-in-an-attempt-to-bring-down-the-government-of-prime-minister-mich.md) _Context: Michael Somare, Papua New Guinea, Prime Minister_
