### [2007-05-14](/news/2007/05/14/index.md)

#  The President of the Republic of China Chen Shui-bian names Chang Chun-hsiung of the Democratic Progressive Party as the new Premier of the Republic of China. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/6652741.stm)

### Related:

1. [ In the Republic of China/Taiwan, President Chen Shui-bian names fellow Democratic Progressive Party member Frank Hsieh, as the new premier. He calls for a reconciliation with the political opposition, which maintained its legislative majority in last month's elections. ](/news/2005/01/25/in-the-republic-of-china-taiwan-president-chen-shui-bian-names-fellow-democratic-progressive-party-member-frank-hsieh-as-the-new-premier.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, Democratic Progressive Party, Premier of Taiwan, President of Taiwan_
2. [ Taiwan's Premier Chang Chun-hsiung remains in office as President Chen Shui-bian rejects his resignation. ](/news/2008/01/27/taiwan-s-premier-chang-chun-hsiung-remains-in-office-as-president-chen-shui-bian-rejects-his-resignation.md) _Context: Chang Chun-hsiung, Chen Shui-bian, President of Taiwan_
3. [ 2004 Taiwan Presidential Election: President Chen Shui-bian is officially nominated by his Democratic Progressive Party and picks Vice President Annette Lu as his running mate. [http://www.ajc.com/news/content/news/ap/ap_story.html/Intl/AP.V1414.AP-Taiwan-Vice-Pre.html]](/news/2003/12/10/2004-taiwan-presidential-election-president-chen-shui-bian-is-officially-nominated-by-his-democratic-progressive-party-and-picks-vice-pres.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, Democratic Progressive Party, President of Taiwan_
4. [China-Taiwan Relations: China says Chinese passengers flying from the Chinese cities of Nanchang, Kunming, and Chongqing, will be allowed to stop at Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport before flying to a third destination. Taiwan President Ma Ying-jeou applauded this step toward normalizing relations between the two states. Taiwan's opposition party expressed concern that Beijing is trying to interfere with the country's January 16, 2016, presidential and legislative elections. ](/news/2016/01/5/china-taiwan-relations-china-says-chinese-passengers-flying-from-the-chinese-cities-of-nanchang-kunming-and-chongqing-will-be-allowed-to.md) _Context: Democratic Progressive Party, President of Taiwan_
5. [Taiwanese general election, 2016: Tsai Ing-wen of the Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) is elected the first female President of Taiwan. Eric Chu, the ruling Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party) candidate concedes defeat and announced his resignation as party leader. Ms. Tsai vowed to preserve the status quo in relations with China. The DPP supports independence for the island. ](/news/2016/01/16/taiwanese-general-election-2016-tsai-ing-wen-of-the-democratic-progressive-party-dpp-is-elected-the-first-female-president-of-taiwan-er.md) _Context: Democratic Progressive Party, President of Taiwan_
6. [Former president of Taiwan Chen Shui-bian's life sentence is cut to twenty years in prison. ](/news/2010/06/10/former-president-of-taiwan-chen-shui-bian-s-life-sentence-is-cut-to-twenty-years-in-prison.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President of Taiwan_
7. [ A judge in Taipei, Taiwan, rules that the former President Chen Shui-bian, should be held in jail while prosecutors seek his conviction on charges of money laundering and corruption. ](/news/2008/11/12/a-judge-in-taipei-taiwan-rules-that-the-former-president-chen-shui-bian-should-be-held-in-jail-while-prosecutors-seek-his-conviction-on.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President of Taiwan_
8. [ Ma Ying-jeou is sworn in as the President of the Republic of China (Taiwan) with Liu Chao-shiuan as his Premier. ](/news/2008/05/20/ma-ying-jeou-is-sworn-in-as-the-president-of-the-republic-of-china-taiwan-with-liu-chao-shiuan-as-his-premier.md) _Context: Premier of Taiwan, President of Taiwan_
9. [ Ma Ying-jeou is elected President of the Republic of China with more than 58% of the votes in the 2008 presidential election, handing the presidency back to the Kuomintang (KMT) after eight years under the Democratic Progressive Party. ](/news/2008/03/22/ma-ying-jeou-is-elected-president-of-the-republic-of-china-with-more-than-58-of-the-votes-in-the-2008-presidential-election-handing-the-p.md) _Context: Democratic Progressive Party, President of Taiwan_
10. [ Su Tseng-Chang resigns as the Premier of the Republic of China (Taiwan) following a loss in a primary election to be the Democratic Progressive Party candidate in the 2008 Taiwanese presidential election. ](/news/2007/05/12/su-tseng-chang-resigns-as-the-premier-of-the-republic-of-china-taiwan-following-a-loss-in-a-primary-election-to-be-the-democratic-progres.md) _Context: Democratic Progressive Party, Premier of Taiwan_
