### [2015-05-20](/news/2015/05/20/index.md)

# Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant: Islamic State captures the Syrian city of Tadmur from the Syrian Army with grave concerns held about the Palmyra site. 

Ancient Palmyra is home to 2,000-year-old monuments; Syrian antiquities chief says world must save site; Attack is part of Islamic State’s westward advance.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-32820857)
2. [The Hindu](http://www.thehindu.com/news/international/islamic-state-seizes-ancient-palmyra-from-syrian-forces/article7230139.ece?homepage=true)

### Related:

1. [March 2017 Israel-Syria incident: Israeli-Syrian ceasefire line incidents during the Syrian Civil War: The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/march-2017-israel-syria-incident-israeli-syrian-ceasefire-line-incidents-during-the-syrian-civil-war-the-israeli-air-force-launches-se.md) _Context: Palmyra, Syria, Syrian Army_
2. [Russian intervention: A Russian Air Force Mi-24 helicopter crashes near Palmyra, Syria, while assisting Syrian Army forces in the area. Russia's Ministry of Defence confirms two Russian pilots, Riafa'at Habibulin and Yevgeny Dolgin, are killed. ](/news/2016/07/9/russian-intervention-a-russian-air-force-mi-24-helicopter-crashes-near-palmyra-syria-while-assisting-syrian-army-forces-in-the-area-russ.md) _Context: Palmyra, Syria, Syrian Army_
3. [Syrian Civil War: Palmyra offensive (March 2016): Airstrikes by Syrian or Russian warplanes on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah in northern Syria, leaves at least 39 people dead, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. Airstrikes on the city of Palmyra and nearby villages are said to have killed at least 18 ISIL militants, as the Syrian Army advance on the city. ](/news/2016/03/19/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-march-2016-airstrikes-by-syrian-or-russian-warplanes-on-isil-s-de-facto-capital-al-raqqah-in-northern.md) _Context: Palmyra, Syria, Syrian Army_
4. [Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant is reported to have blown up the ancient Baalshamin temple in Palmyra, Syria. ](/news/2015/08/23/islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-is-reported-to-have-blown-up-the-ancient-baalshamin-temple-in-palmyra-syria.md) _Context: ISIL, Palmyra, Syria_
5. [Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant: Islamic State fighters enter the ancient ruins of Palmyra after capturing the Syrian city of Tadmur yesterday. A hundred pro-government fighters are believed to have died in fighting. ](/news/2015/05/21/islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-islamic-state-fighters-enter-the-ancient-ruins-of-palmyra-after-capturing-the-syrian-city-of-tadmur-ye.md) _Context: Palmyra, Syria, Tadmur_
6. [Syrian Civil War: Central Syria campaign (July 2017-present): A Syrian Army commando unit backed by Russian warplanes and helicopters kills 25 ISIL militants in Central Syria, in the northeast of the Homs Governorate. ](/news/2017/08/13/syrian-civil-war-central-syria-campaign-july-2017-present-a-syrian-army-commando-unit-backed-by-russian-warplanes-and-helicopters-kill.md) _Context: ISIL, Syrian Army_
7. [Israeli-Syrian ceasefire line incidents during the Syrian Civil War: Israel strikes two Syrian Army artillery positions and an ammunition truck in Quneitra Governorate, after stray shells from Syria land in the northern Golan Heights for a second day in a row. ](/news/2017/06/25/israeli-syrian-ceasefire-line-incidents-during-the-syrian-civil-war-israel-strikes-two-syrian-army-artillery-positions-and-an-ammunition.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Army_
8. [Israeli-Syrian ceasefire line incidents during the Syrian Civil War: March 2017 Israel-Syria incident: The Syrian Army shoots down an Israel Defense Forces (IDF) Skylark drone over Syria's Quneitra Governorate. ](/news/2017/03/20/israeli-syrian-ceasefire-line-incidents-during-the-syrian-civil-war-march-2017-israel-syria-incident-the-syrian-army-shoots-down-an-is.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Army_
9. [Syrian Civil War: Palmyra offensive (2017): The Syrian Army and its allies recapture the ancient city of Palmyra from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2017/03/2/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-2017-the-syrian-army-and-its-allies-recapture-the-ancient-city-of-palmyra-from-the-islamic-state-of-i.md) _Context: Palmyra, Syrian Army_
10. [2017 Istanbul nightclub attack: The Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack in what it claims is a response to Turkey's actions in neighbouring Syria. ](/news/2017/01/2/2017-istanbul-nightclub-attack-the-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility-for-the-attack-in-what-it-claims-is-a-respons.md) _Context: ISIL, Syria_
