### [2015-05-20](/news/2015/05/20/index.md)

# The Chinese navy issues warnings eight times as a United States Navy surveillance plane flies over manmade islands in the South China Sea. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2015/05/20/politics/south-china-sea-navy-flight/)

### Related:

1. [China's People's Liberation Army Navy seizes an underwater drone deployed by USNS ''Bowditch'' in the South China Sea; the United States files a formal diplomatic protest and a demand for its return. ](/news/2016/12/16/china-s-people-s-liberation-army-navy-seizes-an-underwater-drone-deployed-by-usns-bowditch-in-the-south-china-sea-the-united-states-fil.md) _Context: People's Liberation Army Navy, South China Sea_
2. [U.S. officials say the U.S. Navy deliberately avoided military drills or other actions that could have further inflamed tensions with Beijing during the USS Lassen's patrol in the South China Sea last week.  For instance, the Lassen turned off its fire-control radars while transiting within 12 nautical miles of Subi Reef. On its part, the Chinese destroyer following the Lassen was, "very cordial the entire time ...  before and after the Spratly Islands transit," said the Lassen's commanding officer, Commander Robert Francis. ](/news/2015/11/6/u-s-officials-say-the-u-s-navy-deliberately-avoided-military-drills-or-other-actions-that-could-have-further-inflamed-tensions-with-beijin.md) _Context: South China Sea, United States Navy_
3. [As a result of talks between U.S. Chief of Naval Operations Admiral John Richardson and Chinese Commander of the People's Liberation Army Navy Admiral Wu Shengli about a U.S. warship's transit with 12 nautical miles of China's man-made islands in the South China Sea, the United States and China agree to maintain dialogue and follow Code for Unplanned Encounters at Sea protocols, according to a U.S. official. ](/news/2015/10/29/as-a-result-of-talks-between-u-s-chief-of-naval-operations-admiral-john-richardson-and-chinese-commander-of-the-people-s-liberation-army-na.md) _Context: People's Liberation Army Navy, South China Sea_
4. [A United States Navy ship, the USS ''Lassen'', sails near the Spratly Islands, challenging Beijing's claim that the islands are Chinese territory. China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs strongly condemned the actions of the United States in the South China Sea, saying "China will firmly react to this deliberate provocation". ](/news/2015/10/27/a-united-states-navy-ship-the-uss-lassen-sails-near-the-spratly-islands-challenging-beijing-s-claim-that-the-islands-are-chinese-terr.md) _Context: South China Sea, United States Navy_
5. [The U.S. Navy plans to send guided missile destroyer USS Lassen within 12 nautical miles of artificial islands built by China in the South China Sea. This first freedom of navigation challenge to China's territorial claims in one of the world's busiest sea lanes may occur as soon as tomorrow, according to a U.S. defense official. ](/news/2015/10/26/the-u-s-navy-plans-to-send-guided-missile-destroyer-uss-lassen-within-12-nautical-miles-of-artificial-islands-built-by-china-in-the-south-c.md) _Context: South China Sea, United States Navy_
6. [The Philippines states that a Chinese warship entered its territory in the South China Sea. ](/news/2012/07/14/the-philippines-states-that-a-chinese-warship-entered-its-territory-in-the-south-china-sea.md) _Context: People's Liberation Army Navy, South China Sea_
7. [Hundreds of people in Vietnam take part in a rare demonstration against Chinese naval operations in disputed waters in the South China Sea. ](/news/2011/06/5/hundreds-of-people-in-vietnam-take-part-in-a-rare-demonstration-against-chinese-naval-operations-in-disputed-waters-in-the-south-china-sea.md) _Context: People's Liberation Army Navy, South China Sea_
8. [Aftermath of the USS ''John S. McCain'' collisionThe United States Navy relieves vice admiral Joseph Aucoin as commander of the United States Seventh Fleet following four collisions in Asia this year that claimed the lives of 17 sailors. ](/news/2017/08/23/aftermath-of-the-uss-john-s-mccain-collisionpthe-united-states-navy-relieves-vice-admiral-joseph-aucoin-as-commander-of-the-united-stat.md) _Context: United States Navy_
9. [The United States Navy's USS ''John S. McCain'' collides with the Liberian-flagged ''Alnic'' MC near Singapore. Rescue efforts are underway with ten sailors reported as missing. ](/news/2017/08/21/the-united-states-navy-s-uss-john-s-mccain-collides-with-the-liberian-flagged-alnic-mc-near-singapore-rescue-efforts-are-underway.md) _Context: United States Navy_
10. [The US Navy has announced that about a dozen sailors of the USS ''Fitzgerald'' are to be disciplined in the aftermath of the collision with a container ship last June, where 7 crew members died. ](/news/2017/08/17/the-us-navy-has-announced-that-about-a-dozen-sailors-of-the-uss-fitzgerald-are-to-be-disciplined-in-the-aftermath-of-the-collision-with.md) _Context: United States Navy_
