### [2015-05-20](/news/2015/05/20/index.md)

# The foreign ministers of Indonesia, Malaysia and Thailand meet in Kuala Lumpur to discuss people smuggling and the migrant crisis. Malaysia and Indonesia agree to accept asylum seekers providing that they can be resettled or repatriated within a year. 

PUTRAJAYA - Foreign ministers from Malaysia, Indonesia and Thailand held talks in Kuala Lumpur on Wednesday on human trafficking.. Read more at straitstimes.com.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/aponline/2015/05/19/world/asia/ap-as-rohingya-boat-people-.html)
2. [Straits Times](http://www.straitstimes.com/news/asia/south-east-asia/story/foreign-ministers-malaysia-thailand-indonesia-discuss-human-traffick)
3. [wires and ABC Online](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-05-20/south-east-asia-nations-hold-crisis-meeting-over-migration/6482426)
3. [Cover Image](http://www.straitstimes.com/sites/default/files/styles/x_large/public/articles/2015/05/20/MEETING324e_2x.jpg?itok=rgKoZmKn)

### Related:

1. [The Philippines asks the International Court of Arbitration at The Hague to invalidate China's claims to virtually all of the South China Sea. The hearing was attended by observers from Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, Thailand, and Vietnam. ](/news/2015/07/9/the-philippines-asks-the-international-court-of-arbitration-at-the-hague-to-invalidate-china-s-claims-to-virtually-all-of-the-south-china-se.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand_
2. [Flooding and the death toll continues in Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines and Thailand. ](/news/2014/12/30/flooding-and-the-death-toll-continues-in-indonesia-malaysia-the-philippines-and-thailand.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand_
3. [Australia and Malaysia sign a pact to exchange asylum seekers in Kuala Lumpur. ](/news/2011/07/25/australia-and-malaysia-sign-a-pact-to-exchange-asylum-seekers-in-kuala-lumpur.md) _Context: Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, asylum seeker_
4. [Indonesia deports an alleged people smuggler to Australia to face charges in connection to the death of 48 asylum seekers at Christmas Island last year. ](/news/2011/05/12/indonesia-deports-an-alleged-people-smuggler-to-australia-to-face-charges-in-connection-to-the-death-of-48-asylum-seekers-at-christmas-islan.md) _Context: Indonesia, asylum seeker, people smugglers_
5. [ 2005 Sumatran earthquake: An earthquake of moment magnitude 8.7 is reported off the west coast of North Sumatra, likely an aftershock of the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake. Concerned about the threat of a tsunami, emergency evacuations begin in Malaysia, Thailand, and Sri Lanka, although no significant tsunami activity is reported. Indonesia's vice-president reports up to 2,000 deaths ](/news/2005/03/28/2005-sumatran-earthquake-an-earthquake-of-moment-magnitude-8-7-is-reported-off-the-west-coast-of-north-sumatra-likely-an-aftershock-of-th.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand_
6. [ An earthquake of magnitude 9.3, the strongest earthquake in 40 years, strikes in the Indian Ocean off the western coast of Sumatra. While initial reports state that the resulting tsunamis killed approximately 100 people, by the end of the day 250,000 people in coastal areas of Thailand, Sri Lanka, the Maldives, India, Bangladesh, Burma, Indonesia and Malaysia had been reported dead or missing. Tremors are also felt as far as Singapore, eastern countries of Africa, and north-western Australia. A state of emergency is declared in Sri Lanka, where over 31,000 people are feared dead. ](/news/2004/12/26/an-earthquake-of-magnitude-9-3-the-strongest-earthquake-in-40-years-strikes-in-the-indian-ocean-off-the-western-coast-of-sumatra-while-i.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand_
7. [ War on Terrorism: APEC: Indonesia and Malaysia have submitted lists of 20 suspected terrorists with links to two militant groups, asking for Thailand to help monitor their movements on the southern border.](/news/2003/09/10/war-on-terrorism-apec-indonesia-and-malaysia-have-submitted-lists-of-20-suspected-terrorists-with-links-to-two-militant-groups-asking-fo.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand_
8. [A fire at an Islamic boarding school for boys kills 24 people, most of them students, in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. ](/news/2017/09/14/a-fire-at-an-islamic-boarding-school-for-boys-kills-24-people-most-of-them-students-in-kuala-lumpur-malaysia.md) _Context: Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia_
9. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia_
10. [At a United Nations-Oceans summit, delegates from China, Indonesia, the Philippines and Thailand, four of the top polluters of plastic into the oceans, pledge to reduce their levels of oceanic plastic pollution. ](/news/2017/06/8/at-a-united-nations-oceans-summit-delegates-from-china-indonesia-the-philippines-and-thailand-four-of-the-top-polluters-of-plastic-into.md) _Context: Indonesia, Thailand_
