### [2004-10-6](/news/2004/10/6/index.md)

#  Appearing before the US Senate Armed Services Committee, Charles Duelfer, head of the Iraq Survey Group announces that the group found no evidence that Iraq under Saddam Hussein had produced any weapons of mass destruction since 1991, when UN sanctions were imposed. This directly contradicts the main argument used by the George W. Bush administration for invading Iraq in 2003. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/3718150.stm)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2004/WORLD/meast/10/06/iraq.wmd.report.ap/index.html)

### Related:

1. [ U.S. President George W. Bush announces the formation of the Iraq Intelligence Commission, an independent, bipartisan inquiry presidential commission to probe into prewar intelligence regarding weapons of mass destruction leading up to the decision to invade Iraq. Former Iraq Survey Group chief David Kay, who searched for weapons in Iraq, meets with Bush at the White House and maintains that Bush was right to go to war in Iraq and characterizes the Saddam Hussein regime as "far more dangerous than even we anticipated" when it was thought he had WMDs ready to deploy. (See rationale for the Iraq War and Senate Report on Pre-war Intelligence on Iraq)](/news/2004/02/2/u-s-president-george-w-bush-announces-the-formation-of-the-iraq-intelligence-commission-an-independent-bipartisan-inquiry-presidential.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush, Iraq Survey Group, Saddam Hussein_
2. [ US invasion of Iraq: President George W. Bush announces in a televised speech that Iraqi President Saddam Hussein and his sons have 48 hours to leave Iraq, or the United States will initiate preemptive military action against Iraq.](/news/2003/03/17/us-invasion-of-iraq-president-george-w-bush-announces-in-a-televised-speech-that-iraqi-president-saddam-hussein-and-his-sons-have-48-hour.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush, Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
3. [ Saddam Hussein aims to sue Tony Blair and George W. Bush for crimes against Iraq. ](/news/2006/02/4/saddam-hussein-aims-to-sue-tony-blair-and-george-w-bush-for-crimes-against-iraq.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
4. [ Iraq hanged three men in the first executions in the country since the 2003 invasion. They were part of the Jaish Ansar al-Sunna group and had been convicted of kidnapping and murdering three policemen and abducting, raping and killing Iraqi women. Iraqi President Jalal Talabani refused to sign the death warrants, but his Deputy President Adel Abdul Mehdi signed instead. Talabani has also said he will refuse to sign the death warrant of Saddam Hussein should he be convicted and sentenced to death. ](/news/2005/09/1/iraq-hanged-three-men-in-the-first-executions-in-the-country-since-the-2003-invasion-they-were-part-of-the-jaish-ansar-al-sunna-group-and.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
5. [ George Galloway, British MP and anti-war campaigner, appears before the United States Senate to defend himself against charges that he profited from Saddam Hussein's regime, launching a tirade against the senators who had accused him and attacking the war in Iraq. ](/news/2005/05/17/george-galloway-british-mp-and-anti-war-campaigner-appears-before-the-united-states-senate-to-defend-himself-against-charges-that-he-prof.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
6. [ The U.S. chief weapons inspector, Charles Duelfer states that search of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq has "gone as far as feasible". ](/news/2005/04/26/the-u-s-chief-weapons-inspector-charles-duelfer-states-that-search-of-weapons-of-mass-destruction-in-iraq-has-gone-as-far-as-feasible.md) _Context: Charles Duelfer, Iraq, weapons of mass destruction_
7. [ In an interview published today, former U.S. and U.N. weapons inspector David Kay says that President George W. Bush and his administration should admit the United States was wrong about the existence of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq. "It's about confronting and coming clean with the American people," he said. ](/news/2004/03/3/in-an-interview-published-today-former-u-s-and-u-n-weapons-inspector-david-kay-says-that-president-george-w-bush-and-his-administration.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, weapons of mass destruction_
8. [ U.S. President George W. Bush appoints an Iraq Intelligence Commission to investigate United States intelligence capabilities, specifically regarding the 2003 invasion of Iraq and Iraq's weapons of mass destruction. The commission is headed by Governor, and former Senator, Chuck Robb and Judge Laurence Silberman.](/news/2004/02/6/u-s-president-george-w-bush-appoints-an-iraq-intelligence-commission-to-investigate-united-states-intelligence-capabilities-specifically.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush, weapons of mass destruction_
9. [ 2003 invasion of Iraq: Responding to criticism that pre-war intelligence gathering was faulty, CIA director George Tenet states that analysts had never presented Saddam Hussein's Iraq as an "imminent threat" in the years immediately preceding the coalition invasion. Tenet states that an overall "objective assessment" for policymakers of a ""brutal dictator who was continuing his efforts to deceive and build programs"" that might ""surprise"" and "threaten" US interests was outlined in the 2002 National Intelligence Estimate.](/news/2004/02/5/2003-invasion-of-iraq-responding-to-criticism-that-pre-war-intelligence-gathering-was-faulty-cia-director-george-tenet-states-that-analys.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
10. [ David Kay says, in his opinion, Iraq had no banned WMD stockpiles: "I don't think they existed", Kay said, "What everyone was talking about is stockpiles produced after the end of the last (1991) Gulf War, and I don't think there was a large-scale production program in the '90s." David Kay also says that part of Saddam Hussein's secret weapons programme may have been hidden in Syria. Syria denies receiving Iraq arms.](/news/2004/01/25/david-kay-says-in-his-opinion-iraq-had-no-banned-wmd-stockpiles-i-don-t-think-they-existed-kay-said-what-everyone-was-talking-about.md) _Context: Iraq, Saddam Hussein, weapons of mass destruction_
