### [2004-10-6](/news/2004/10/6/index.md)

#  Conflict in Iraq: A suicide car bomb kills 16 and injures 24 people outside an Iraqi National Guard recruiting center in Anah, a roadside bomb kills a civilian and wounds four policemen in Basra, and a Kurdish tribal leader and his companion are shot dead in Mosul. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml;jsessionid=DZCGW4KMVTGZ0CRBAEZSFEY?type=worldNews&storyID=6430214)

### Related:

1. [ Conflict in Iraq: U.S. troops reach the center of Falluja with heavy fighting reported throughout the city. The Pentagon announces 10 U.S. and two Iraqi soldiers killed in the assault. One third of prisoners captured in Falluja by Iraqi forces have been foreigners from Egypt and Syria. Residents say a U.S. airstrike hit a clinic killing medical staff and patients. A nine-year-old boy dies because of lack of medical assistance after he was hit by shrapnel in what parents say was a separate airstrike. The mainly Sunni Iraqi Islamic Party withdraws from the Iraq Interim Governing Council. Iraqi and U.S. forces capture a mosque in northwest Falluja that was being used as an arms depot and insurgent meeting place and the Muslim Clerics Association called for a boycott of the election in protest of the assault. In Mosul, two U.S. soldiers are killed when mortars land in a military base. Three police stations are attacked in Baquba with casualty reports ranging from 25 to 45 people killed. A car bomb outside an Iraqi National Guard base near Kirkuk kills three people and wounds two. In Samarra, a senior local government official is assassinated. ](/news/2004/11/8/conflict-in-iraq-u-s-troops-reach-the-center-of-falluja-with-heavy-fighting-reported-throughout-the-city-the-pentagon-announces-10-u-s.md) _Context: Iraqi National Guard, Mosul, car bomb_
2. [ Conflict in Iraq: Iraqi officials report at least eight dead in a car bomb outside the education ministry in Baghdad. In Mosul, another car bomb kills two and wounds four Iraqi National Guard. ](/news/2004/11/2/conflict-in-iraq-iraqi-officials-report-at-least-eight-dead-in-a-car-bomb-outside-the-education-ministry-in-baghdad-in-mosul-another-car.md) _Context: Iraqi National Guard, Mosul, car bomb_
3. [ Conflict in Iraq: A suicide car bomb kills 16 and wounds 40 at a police training base in Ramadi west of Baghdad. A separate car bomb kills four Iraqi National Guard soldiers at a check point in Samarra. Two die and four are injured in U.S. air strikes on Falluja. In Mosul, two Turkish drivers are killed and two wounded when their convoy is attacked. Mortars land in central Baghdad killing two civilians. The U.S. military say they have captured a senior official of al-Zarqawi's militant organization. ](/news/2004/10/23/conflict-in-iraq-a-suicide-car-bomb-kills-16-and-wounds-40-at-a-police-training-base-in-ramadi-west-of-baghdad-a-separate-car-bomb-kills.md) _Context: Iraqi National Guard, Mosul, car bomb_
4. [ Car bombs are detonated in Qaim and Mosul, Iraq, killing three U.S. soldiers and a civilian in Qaim, and one U.S. soldier in Mosul. A mortar attack in Qaim kills four Iraqis and wounds 30. ](/news/2004/10/16/car-bombs-are-detonated-in-qaim-and-mosul-iraq-killing-three-u-s-soldiers-and-a-civilian-in-qaim-and-one-u-s-soldier-in-mosul-a-morta.md) _Context: Mosul, car bomb, civilian_
5. [ Conflict in Iraq: A rocket attack in southern Baghdad kills two US soldiers and injures five others, while in the northern city of Mosul a suicide car bomb detonated near a U.S. military convoy kills a U.S. soldier and two Iraqis and injures 27 others. ](/news/2004/10/11/conflict-in-iraq-a-rocket-attack-in-southern-baghdad-kills-two-us-soldiers-and-injures-five-others-while-in-the-northern-city-of-mosul-a.md) _Context: Mosul, car bomb, rebel-held_
6. [The death toll of Saturday's explosion in Basra, Iraq, rises to 43, with the number of injured people being over 100. Police say the explosion was as a result of a power generator short-circuiting but other sources claim it was due to a car bomb. ](/news/2010/08/8/the-death-toll-of-saturday-s-explosion-in-basra-iraq-rises-to-43-with-the-number-of-injured-people-being-over-100-police-say-the-explosi.md) _Context: Basra, car bomb_
7. [Iraqi insurgents kill 102 and injure over 200 people, mostly Iraqi civilians, in a series of suicide bombings from Mosul to Basra in Iraq, the highest number in one day this year, and jeopardizing a planned US withdrawal. ](/news/2010/05/10/iraqi-insurgents-kill-102-and-injure-over-200-people-mostly-iraqi-civilians-in-a-series-of-suicide-bombings-from-mosul-to-basra-in-iraq-t.md) _Context: Basra, Mosul_
8. [ Conflict in Iraq: 16 people die following a car bomb attack in the southern Iraqi city of Basra. ](/news/2005/09/7/conflict-in-iraq-16-people-die-following-a-car-bomb-attack-in-the-southern-iraqi-city-of-basra.md) _Context: Basra, car bomb_
9. [ Iraqi officials announce they must recount around 300 ballot boxes due to various discrepancies, delaying the final results. In Salman Pak south of Baghdad, guerrillas attack a police station killing at least eight Iraqi policemen and wounding more than 60. Three people are killed when a car bomb is detonated in Baghdad. Also in the capital, the bodies of 20 truck drivers are found and guerrillas ambush a convoy of Kurdish party officials, killing one and wounding four. In Basra, guerrillas kill an Iraqi journalist working for the U.S.-funded al-Hurra TV station and his 3-year-old son as they leave their home. A roadside bomb in Samarra leaves four policemen dead. ](/news/2005/02/10/iraqi-officials-announce-they-must-recount-around-300-ballot-boxes-due-to-various-discrepancies-delaying-the-final-results-in-salman-pak.md) _Context: Basra, Kurd_
10. [ Conflict in Iraq: A suicide car bomb is detonated near interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi's Iraqi National Accord party office. Officials say Allawi was not in the area at the time and that seven policemen and three civilians were wounded. U.S. military officials confirm the death of one soldier in Mosul and state four of Iraq's 18 provinces, a quarter of the total population and predominantly Sunni, will be unsafe to vote in Sunday's elections. ](/news/2005/01/24/conflict-in-iraq-a-suicide-car-bomb-is-detonated-near-interim-prime-minister-iyad-allawi-s-iraqi-national-accord-party-office-officials-s.md) _Context: Mosul, car bomb_
