### [2004-10-6](/news/2004/10/6/index.md)

#  Same-sex marriage in Canada: The Supreme Court of Canada begins three days of hearings into the federal government's reference of a draft bill to legalize same-sex marriage. The court will review the bill's constitutionality, hearing arguments from groups on either side of the debate. A ruling is not expected for months. 




### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/canada/story/2004/10/06/marriage041006.html)

### Related:

1. [ Acting on a reference from Parliament, the Canadian Supreme Court states that a bill to legalize same-sex marriage in Canada would be constitutional. They decline to say if the Constitution requires that recognition, saying that by not appealing several provincial courts' decisions to that effect, the government has already adopted that position. ](/news/2004/12/9/acting-on-a-reference-from-parliament-the-canadian-supreme-court-states-that-a-bill-to-legalize-same-sex-marriage-in-canada-would-be-const.md) _Context: Supreme Court of Canada, same-sex marriage in Canada_
2. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: The Nova Scotia Supreme Court strikes down the province's law forbidding same-sex marriages, making it the sixth of Canada's provinces and territories to legalize same-sex marriage. Neither the federal nor the Nova Scotia government had opposed the court challenge. ](/news/2004/09/24/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-the-nova-scotia-supreme-court-strikes-down-the-province-s-law-forbidding-same-sex-marriages-making-it-the-six.md) _Context: same-sex marriage, same-sex marriage in Canada_
3. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: A court in Yukon rules that the territory's government must licence marriages between same-sex partners. Yukon becomes the fourth jurisdiction in Canada to perform same-sex marriages, after Ontario, British Columbia, and Quebec. ](/news/2004/07/14/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-a-court-in-yukon-rules-that-the-territory-s-government-must-licence-marriages-between-same-sex-partners-yukon.md) _Context: same-sex marriage, same-sex marriage in Canada_
4. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: The Quebec Court of Appeal upholds a Quebec superior court ruling that same-sex marriages are valid under Canada's Charter of Rights and Freedoms. [http://www.cbc.ca/stories/2004/03/19/gaymarriage040319 (CBC)] It joins Ontario and British Columbia in permitting same-sex marriage. The couple which brought the suit is scheduled to be wed on April 10, after a required 20-day waiting period.](/news/2004/03/19/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-the-quebec-court-of-appeal-upholds-a-quebec-superior-court-ruling-that-same-sex-marriages-are-valid-under-cana.md) _Context: same-sex marriage, same-sex marriage in Canada_
5. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: A House of Commons motion brought by the Canadian Alliance reiterating the heterosexual definition of marriage is narrowly defeated. This motion is preparatory to the government's introduction of a bill to extend the Federal marriage law to include same-sex couples, expected within the next few months.](/news/2003/09/16/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-a-house-of-commons-motion-brought-by-the-canadian-alliance-reiterating-the-heterosexual-definition-of-marriage.md) _Context: same-sex marriage, same-sex marriage in Canada_
6. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: At its convention in Wolfville, Nova Scotia, the United Church of Canada votes overwhelmingly to ask the federal government to allow same-sex marriage.](/news/2003/08/13/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-at-its-convention-in-wolfville-nova-scotia-the-united-church-of-canada-votes-overwhelmingly-to-ask-the-feder.md) _Context: same-sex marriage, same-sex marriage in Canada_
7. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: A British Columbia court rules that same-sex couples may get married in that province, effective immediately. BC becomes the second Canadian province, and second political division in the Western Hemisphere, to legalize same-sex marriage. This decision is similar to the Ontario decision on June 10, 2003. ](/news/2003/07/8/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-a-british-columbia-court-rules-that-same-sex-couples-may-get-married-in-that-province-effective-immediately.md) _Context: same-sex marriage, same-sex marriage in Canada_
8. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: the federal government releases its draft bill to extend marriage rights to same-sex couples while protecting the rights of clergy not to perform marriages that run counter to their religious beliefs. The government will seek a reference from the Supreme Court of Canada to ensure the bill is constitutional.](/news/2003/07/17/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-the-federal-government-releases-its-draft-bill-to-extend-marriage-rights-to-same-sex-couples-while-protecting.md) _Context: Supreme Court of Canada, same-sex marriage in Canada_
9. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: The Canadian government announces that it will not appeal the Ontario appeals court ruling that permitted same-sex marriage. Instead, Prime Minister Jean Chrtien indicates that his government will introduce legislation to change the definition of marriage but protect the rights of churches to decide which marriages they will solemnize.](/news/2003/06/17/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-the-canadian-government-announces-that-it-will-not-appeal-the-ontario-appeals-court-ruling-that-permitted-same.md) _Context: same-sex marriage, same-sex marriage in Canada_
10. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: The Ontario Appeals Court rules that the law restricting marriage to heterosexual couples contravenes the equality provisions in the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms. The court does not permit the province any grace time to bring its law in conformity with the ruling. This appears to mean that Ontario has become the first jurisdiction in North America to recognize same-sex marriages. Toronto announces that its city clerk will begin to issue marriage licences to same-sex couples, and two same-sex couples who filed suit have their marriages retroactively recognized.](/news/2003/06/10/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-the-ontario-appeals-court-rules-that-the-law-restricting-marriage-to-heterosexual-couples-contravenes-the-equa.md) _Context: same-sex marriage, same-sex marriage in Canada_
