### [2016-05-6](/news/2016/05/6/index.md)

# Head of Australia's Department of Immigration Mike Pezzullo denies that the detention centre for asylum seekers on Manus Island must be closed. He said there was no crisis that required any closure of the centre despite Papua New Guinea's Supreme Court ruling it to be unconstitutional and ordering the release of the detainees. 

Australia says the Manus Island asylum seeker processing facility in PNG could remain operational.


### Source:

1. [Radio New Zealand](http://www.radionz.co.nz/international/pacific-news/303191/australia-immigration-head-denies-manus-must-be-closed)

### Related:

1. [Australia agrees to pay AUS$70 million in compensation to 1,905 people who have been detained on Manus Island since 2012, so avoiding a public trial against the government and the Transfield and G4S private companies for the detainees' degrading and cruel treatment. ](/news/2017/06/14/australia-agrees-to-pay-aus-70-million-in-compensation-to-1-905-people-who-have-been-detained-on-manus-island-since-2012-so-avoiding-a-publ.md) _Context: Australia, Manus Island, Manus Regional Processing Centre_
2. [Australia and the United States reach a deal to relocate asylum seekers from Nauru and Papua New Guinea's Manus Island to the U.S. ](/news/2016/11/13/australia-and-the-united-states-reach-a-deal-to-relocate-asylum-seekers-from-nauru-and-papua-new-guinea-s-manus-island-to-the-u-s.md) _Context: Australia, Manus Island, Papua New Guinea_
3. [The governments of Papua New Guinea and Australia confirm that the Manus Regional Processing Centre will close following a ruling by the Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea. ](/news/2016/08/17/the-governments-of-papua-new-guinea-and-australia-confirm-that-the-manus-regional-processing-centre-will-close-following-a-ruling-by-the-sup.md) _Context: Australia, Manus Regional Processing Centre, Papua New Guinea_
4. [Australian Immigration Minister Peter Dutton says Australia and Papua New Guinea will hold emergency talks next week about asylum seekers Australia has been holding on PNG's Los Negros Island in Manus Province. Tuesday, the Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea ruled this detention is illegal, and ordered the PNG and Australian governments to immediately take steps to end it. An Iranian refugee detainee remains in critical condition after setting himself on fire yesterday to protest  Australia's treatment of refugees while  the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees was visiting the island. ](/news/2016/04/28/australian-immigration-minister-peter-dutton-says-australia-and-papua-new-guinea-will-hold-emergency-talks-next-week-about-asylum-seekers-au.md) _Context: Australia, Manus Regional Processing Centre, Papua New Guinea_
5. [A court in Papua New Guinea orders the closure of the facility housing migrants. ](/news/2016/08/3/a-court-in-papua-new-guinea-orders-the-closure-of-the-facility-housing-migrants.md) _Context: Manus Island, Papua New Guinea_
6. [An Iranian asylum seeker self-immolates himself in Nauru to protest Australia's treatment of refugees. The protest coincides with a visit by representatives from the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees to the island. Instead of admitting refugees into the country, Australia has been sending them to Nauru or Papua New Guinea. ](/news/2016/04/27/an-iranian-asylum-seeker-self-immolates-himself-in-nauru-to-protest-australia-s-treatment-of-refugees-the-protest-coincides-with-a-visit-by.md) _Context: Australia, Papua New Guinea_
7. [The Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea rules that Australia's detention of asylum seekers on Manus Island breaches the right to personal liberty under the constitution. ](/news/2016/04/26/the-supreme-court-of-papua-new-guinea-rules-that-australia-s-detention-of-asylum-seekers-on-manus-island-breaches-the-right-to-personal-libe.md) _Context: Australia, Manus Island_
8. [Australia is to send refugees from Nauru and Manus Island to the Philippines. ](/news/2015/10/9/australia-is-to-send-refugees-from-nauru-and-manus-island-to-the-philippines.md) _Context: Australia, Manus Island_
9. [ President Benigno Aquino III says the Philippines doesn't have the capacity to permanently house Manus Island refugees from Australian-run detention camps. ](/news/2015/10/27/president-benigno-aquino-iii-says-the-philippines-doesn-t-have-the-capacity-to-permanently-house-manus-island-refugees-from-australian-run.md) _Context: Australia, Manus Island_
10. [A riot at the Australian Government's immigration detention facility on Manus Island in Papua New Guinea results in one death and 77 injuries. ](/news/2014/02/17/a-riot-at-the-australian-government-s-immigration-detention-facility-on-manus-island-in-papua-new-guinea-results-in-one-death-and-77-injurie.md) _Context: Manus Island, Papua New Guinea_
