### [2016-05-6](/news/2016/05/6/index.md)

# London votes Sadiq Khan to succeed Boris Johnson as Mayor of London; Khan is the first Muslim to be elected London's Mayor. 

Sadiq Khan is elected London mayor - a boost to Labour after it slumped to third place in Scotland, where the SNP won again.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/election-2016-36232392)

### Related:

1. [London Mayor Sadiq Khan declares a public health emergency for at least the next three days because of high levels of air pollution in the London area. The Department for Environment says this pollution episode could last until at least Sunday. ](/news/2017/01/18/london-mayor-sadiq-khan-declares-a-public-health-emergency-for-at-least-the-next-three-days-because-of-high-levels-of-air-pollution-in-the-l.md) _Context: London Mayor, Sadiq Khan_
2. [London Mayor Sadiq Khan calls on fellow Labour Party members to remove Jeremy Corbyn in the  upcoming party leadership election. ](/news/2016/08/21/london-mayor-sadiq-khan-calls-on-fellow-labour-party-members-to-remove-jeremy-corbyn-in-the-upcoming-party-leadership-election.md) _Context: London Mayor, Sadiq Khan_
3. [Formation of the The new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Theresa May begins forming her ministry following the end of the Second Cameron ministry. The former Mayor of London Boris Johnson is appointed Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, Philip Hammond is appointed as Chancellor of the Exchequer, Amber Rudd is appointed Home Secretary filling Theresa May's former position, Liam Fox is appointed as Secretary of State for International Trade and David Davis is appointed as minister for the newly created Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union. ](/news/2016/07/13/formation-of-the-the-new-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-theresa-may-begins-forming-her-ministry-following-the-end-of-the-second-camero.md) _Context: Boris Johnson, London Mayor_
4. [Members of the British public head to local polling stations to cast their vote for various governmental positions, including the Mayor of London. ](/news/2016/05/5/members-of-the-british-public-head-to-local-polling-stations-to-cast-their-vote-for-various-governmental-positions-including-the-mayor-of-l.md) _Context: London Mayor, United Kingdom local elections, 2016_
5. [Mayor of London and cabinet member Boris Johnson says that U.S. President Barack Obama is "inconsistent and hypocritical" in persuading the British people to remain in the European Union. ](/news/2016/04/22/mayor-of-london-and-cabinet-member-boris-johnson-says-that-u-s-president-barack-obama-is-inconsistent-and-hypocritical-in-persuading-the.md) _Context: Boris Johnson, London Mayor_
6. [In what is seen as a major boost for the "Vote Leave" campaign, Mayor of London Boris Johnson announces he will be campaigning for the United Kingdom to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/02/21/in-what-is-seen-as-a-major-boost-for-the-vote-leave-campaign-mayor-of-london-boris-johnson-announces-he-will-be-campaigning-for-the-unite.md) _Context: Boris Johnson, London Mayor_
7. [Boris Johnson is reelected as the Mayor of London for a second term. ](/news/2012/05/4/boris-johnson-is-reelected-as-the-mayor-of-london-for-a-second-term.md) _Context: Boris Johnson, London Mayor_
8. [ The winning design for the replacement of the iconic Routemaster double-decker bus is announced by London mayor Boris Johnson. ](/news/2008/12/21/the-winning-design-for-the-replacement-of-the-iconic-routemaster-double-decker-bus-is-announced-by-london-mayor-boris-johnson.md) _Context: Boris Johnson, London Mayor_
9. [ Conservative Party candidate Boris Johnson is elected as the Mayor of London replacing Ken Livingstone, capping huge gains by the Conservatives in local elections, which gave them a net gain of 256 council seats and a net gain of 12 city councils. ](/news/2008/05/2/conservative-party-candidate-boris-johnson-is-elected-as-the-mayor-of-london-replacing-ken-livingstone-capping-huge-gains-by-the-conservat.md) _Context: Boris Johnson, London Mayor_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Muslim_
