### [2016-05-6](/news/2016/05/6/index.md)

#  Syrian Civil War. Aleppo offensive (May 2016). More than 72 are killed in clashes between Al-Nusra Front and Syrian government forces in Khan Tuman south of Aleppo, Syria. 




### Source:

1. [VOA News](http://www.voanews.com/content/jihadists-retake-syrian-village-near-aleppo/3318092.html)
2. [i24 News](http://www.i24news.tv/en/news/international/middle-east/112298-160506-more-than-70-dead-as-syria-army-battles-jihadists-south-of-aleppo-monitor)

### Related:

1. [ Syrian Civil War. Spillover of the Syrian Civil War. Turkey-ISIL conflict. Turkish shelling kills 55 Islamic State of Iraq and Syria insurgents in northern Syria in retaliation for rocket attacks on Kilis, a Turkish border town. [http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-turkey-idUSKCN0XZ05R (Reuters)] [http://www.dailyprogress.com/news/world/wire/report-turkey-attacks-is-in-syria-militants-killed/article_4b13cd44-6a6b-5be8-91ba-5d4b5cf3af2b.html (Daily Progress)]. Three Spanish journalists were released after being abducted around Aleppo, Syria, and held hostage by the Al-Nusra Front since 13 July 2015. [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/05/07/three-spanish-journalists-released-in-syria-by-al-qaeda-group-af/ (The Telegraph (UK))]](/news/2016/05/8/syrian-civil-war-spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-turkey-isil-conflict-turkish-shelling-kills-55-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-syria-insu.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syria, Syrian Civil War, al-Nusra_
2. [ Syrian Civil War. Aleppo offensive (May 2016). At least 13 Iranian soldiers are killed in a battle with Islamist militants in a village near Aleppo, Syria. This is the largest single day loss for the Iranians since the start of the conflict. ](/news/2016/05/7/syrian-civil-war-aleppo-offensive-may-2016-at-least-13-iranian-soldiers-are-killed-in-a-battle-with-islamist-militants-in-a-village-nea.md) _Context: Aleppo, Aleppo offensive (May 2016), Syria, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian Civil War. Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/syrian-civil-war-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ce.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, al-Nusra_
4. [Syrian Civil War. Six people are killed in a suspected chlorine gas attack in Aleppo, Syria. ](/news/2016/11/20/syrian-civil-war-six-people-are-killed-in-a-suspected-chlorine-gas-attack-in-aleppo-syria.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Syrian Civil War. Between four and 20 people are reported killed by government and Russian airstrikes that hit rebel held areas, five hospitals, and a mobile clinic in Aleppo, says U.S. State Department spokeswoman Elizabeth Trudeau. Syria and Russia deny targeting Aleppo. ](/news/2016/11/15/syrian-civil-war-between-four-and-20-people-are-reported-killed-by-government-and-russian-airstrikes-that-hit-rebel-held-areas-five-hospit.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian civil war. Russian and Syrian government attacks on rebel-held east Aleppo kill two people and injure 13 others. The Syrian American Medical Society reports the city's main trauma hospital closes. ](/news/2016/10/1/syrian-civil-war-russian-and-syrian-government-attacks-on-rebel-held-east-aleppo-kill-two-people-and-injure-13-others-the-syrian-american.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian civil war and Russia-United States relations. The U.S. Obama administration and the Russian Putin administration agree to a Syrian peace deal. The deal is intended to end combat in specified areas and create a joint center of combat to fight ISIL and Al-Nusra Front. ](/news/2016/09/10/syrian-civil-war-and-russia-united-states-relations-the-u-s-obama-administration-and-the-russian-putin-administration-agree-to-a-syrian.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, al-Nusra_
8. [Syrian civil war. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says that at least 51 people have been killed in the Syrian city of Aleppo. ](/news/2016/08/13/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-that-at-least-51-people-have-been-killed-in-the-syrian-city-of-aleppo.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian Civil War. A rocket attack hits a hospital in the Syrian city of Aleppo, killing three civilians. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the attack was part of a bigger shelling that killed 19 more people. ](/news/2016/05/3/syrian-civil-war-a-rocket-attack-hits-a-hospital-in-the-syrian-city-of-aleppo-killing-three-civilians-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-ri.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian Civil War. A wave of airstrikes on Aleppo, Syria, kill at least 61 people, including children. ](/news/2016/04/28/syrian-civil-war-a-wave-of-airstrikes-on-aleppo-syria-kill-at-least-61-people-including-children.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
