### [2016-05-6](/news/2016/05/6/index.md)

# United Kingdom local elections, 2016: London votes Sadiq Khan to succeed Boris Johnson as Mayor of London; Khan is the first Muslim to be elected London's Mayor. 

Sadiq Khan is elected London mayor - a boost to Labour after it slumped to third place in Scotland, where the SNP won again.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/election-2016-36232392)

### Related:

1. [Politics of London: The Garden Bridge project is officially abandoned after Mayor of London Sadiq Khan withdraws support. ](/news/2017/08/14/politics-of-london-the-garden-bridge-project-is-officially-abandoned-after-mayor-of-london-sadiq-khan-withdraws-support.md) _Context: Mayor of London, Sadiq Khan_
2. [London Mayor Sadiq Khan declares a public health emergency for at least the next three days because of high levels of air pollution in the London area. The Department for Environment says this pollution episode could last until at least Sunday. ](/news/2017/01/18/london-mayor-sadiq-khan-declares-a-public-health-emergency-for-at-least-the-next-three-days-because-of-high-levels-of-air-pollution-in-the-l.md) _Context: Mayor of London, Sadiq Khan_
3. [Labour Party (UK) leadership election, 2016: London Mayor Sadiq Khan calls on fellow Labour Party members to remove Jeremy Corbyn in the upcoming party leadership election. ](/news/2016/08/21/labour-party-uk-leadership-election-2016-london-mayor-sadiq-khan-calls-on-fellow-labour-party-members-to-remove-jeremy-corbyn-in-the-upc.md) _Context: Mayor of London, Sadiq Khan_
4. [Formation of the May ministry: The new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Theresa May begins forming her ministry following the end of the Second Cameron ministry. The former Mayor of London Boris Johnson is appointed Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, Philip Hammond is appointed as Chancellor of the Exchequer, Amber Rudd is appointed Home Secretary filling Theresa May's former position, Liam Fox is appointed as Secretary of State for International Trade and David Davis is appointed as minister for the newly created Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union. ](/news/2016/07/13/formation-of-the-may-ministry-the-new-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-theresa-may-begins-forming-her-ministry-following-the-end-of-the.md) _Context: Boris Johnson, Mayor of London_
5. [United Kingdom local elections, 2016: Members of the British public head to local polling stations to cast their vote for various governmental positions, including the Mayor of London. ](/news/2016/05/5/united-kingdom-local-elections-2016-members-of-the-british-public-head-to-local-polling-stations-to-cast-their-vote-for-various-government.md) _Context: Mayor of London, United Kingdom local elections, 2016_
6. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: Mayor of London and cabinet member Boris Johnson says that U.S. President Barack Obama is "inconsistent and hypocritical" in persuading the British people to remain in the European Union. ](/news/2016/04/22/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-mayor-of-london-and-cabinet-member-boris-johnson-says-that-u-s-president-barack-obama-is.md) _Context: Boris Johnson, Mayor of London_
7. [United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016: In what is seen as a major boost for the "Vote Leave" campaign, Mayor of London Boris Johnson announces he will be campaigning for the United Kingdom to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/02/21/united-kingdom-european-union-membership-referendum-2016-in-what-is-seen-as-a-major-boost-for-the-vote-leave-campaign-mayor-of-london-b.md) _Context: Boris Johnson, Mayor of London_
8. [Boris Johnson is reelected as the Mayor of London for a second term. ](/news/2012/05/4/boris-johnson-is-reelected-as-the-mayor-of-london-for-a-second-term.md) _Context: Boris Johnson, Mayor of London_
9. [ The winning design for the replacement of the iconic Routemaster double-decker bus is announced by London mayor Boris Johnson. ](/news/2008/12/21/the-winning-design-for-the-replacement-of-the-iconic-routemaster-double-decker-bus-is-announced-by-london-mayor-boris-johnson.md) _Context: Boris Johnson, Mayor of London_
10. [ Conservative Party candidate Boris Johnson is elected as the Mayor of London replacing Ken Livingstone, capping huge gains by the Conservatives in local elections, which gave them a net gain of 256 council seats and a net gain of 12 city councils. ](/news/2008/05/2/conservative-party-candidate-boris-johnson-is-elected-as-the-mayor-of-london-replacing-ken-livingstone-capping-huge-gains-by-the-conservat.md) _Context: Boris Johnson, Mayor of London_
