### [2017-01-8](/news/2017/01/8/index.md)

# January 2017 Jerusalem vehicular attack. A truck rams into a group of Israeli soldiers in a deliberate attack in East Jerusalem, killing four and wounding 21. The perpetrator was previously convicted of terrorism and was jailed for 10 years. 

Palestinian driver ploughs into soldiers gathered at a promenade overlooking the Old City, killing four people and injured a dozen


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2017/01/08/middleeast/jerusalem-vehicle-attack/index.html)
2. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/jan/08/truck-rammed-into-pedestrians-jerusalem?CMP=Share_AndroidApp_%ED%81%B4%EB%A6%BD%EB%B3%B4%EB%93%9C%EC%97%90_%EB%B3%B5%EC%82%AC)

### Related:

1. [January 2017 Jerusalem vehicular attack. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu blames the Islamic State for the attack that killed four soldiers and injured 15 others in East Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/01/9/january-2017-jerusalem-vehicular-attack-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-blames-the-islamic-state-for-the-attack-that-killed-four.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, January 2017 Jerusalem vehicular attack_
2. [Israeli settlement. Following the inauguration of Donald Trump as President of the United States, Israel approves the construction of 566 new settlement homes in East Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/01/22/israeli-settlement-following-the-inauguration-of-donald-trump-as-president-of-the-united-states-israel-approves-the-construction-of-566-ne.md) _Context: East Jerusalem_
3. [UNESCO's executive board approves the "Occupied Palestine" resolution which reaffirms the cultural heritage of Palestine, especially East Jerusalem, and criticizes certain Israeli actions regarding the Palestinian territories. For the land in Jerusalem where the Al-Aqsa Mosque stands, the board uses only Islamic naming terms without also mentioning Jewish or Christian historical references. ](/news/2016/10/18/unesco-s-executive-board-approves-the-occupied-palestine-resolution-which-reaffirms-the-cultural-heritage-of-palestine-especially-east-je.md) _Context: East Jerusalem_
4. [Israel-Palestine relations. Israel announces plans for construction of a three-story residential building for Jewish settlers in a Palestinian neighborhood of East Jerusalem. ](/news/2016/06/15/israel-palestine-relations-israel-announces-plans-for-construction-of-a-three-story-residential-building-for-jewish-settlers-in-a-palesti.md) _Context: East Jerusalem_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015). Two assailants are shot dead by Israeli police after knife-wielding Palestinians attacked Israelis in Jerusalem and in the West Bank. Another four people, including a Palestinian assailant, are injured in incidents at an Israeli checkpoint outside the West Bank city of Nablus and at a tram station in East Jerusalem. ](/news/2015/10/30/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-two-assailants-are-shot-dead-by-israeli-police-after-knife-wielding-palestinians-attacked-israelis-in.md) _Context: East Jerusalem_
6. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu orders a review of the status of certain Palestinian neighborhoods in East Jerusalem. Netanyahu says he is considering revoking residency status for Palestinians living there, according to Israel's Channel 2. ](/news/2015/10/26/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-orders-a-review-of-the-status-of-certain-palestinian-neighborhoods-in-east-jerusalem-netanyahu-sa.md) _Context: East Jerusalem_
7. [Arab-Israeli conflict. Violent clashes erupt between new Israeli settlers and Palestinians in the Silwan area of East Jerusalem with 13 Palestinians and four Israeli police injured. ](/news/2015/09/12/arab-israeli-conflict-violent-clashes-erupt-between-new-israeli-settlers-and-palestinians-in-the-silwan-area-of-east-jerusalem-with-13-pale.md) _Context: East Jerusalem_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. Israel presses on with the construction of thousands of new homes in West Bank and East Jerusalem, despite worldwide criticism and suggestions that officials in Palestine may go to the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2012/12/19/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-presses-on-with-the-construction-of-thousands-of-new-homes-in-west-bank-and-east-jerusalem-despite.md) _Context: East Jerusalem_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. During the opening of the General Assembly of the United Nations, the President of the Palestinian National Authority, Mahmoud Abbas, makes a bid for UN recognition in a unilateral declaration of a Palestinian state, which would exist in the Gaza Strip and the West Bank, and have East Jerusalem as its capital. ](/news/2011/09/23/israeli-palestinian-conflict-during-the-opening-of-the-general-assembly-of-the-united-nations-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national.md) _Context: East Jerusalem_
10. [Final approval is given for the building of 1,600 Israeli settler homes in "disputed" East Jerusalem by Israeli Interior Minister Eli Yishai despite a diplomatic rebuke Tuesday from the United States over earlier construction plans. ](/news/2011/08/11/final-approval-is-given-for-the-building-of-1-600-israeli-settler-homes-in-disputed-east-jerusalem-by-israeli-interior-minister-eli-yishai.md) _Context: East Jerusalem_
