### [2017-01-8](/news/2017/01/8/index.md)

# Several British MPs demand an investigation into a recent scandal in which an Israeli embassy official in London had conspired to damage the reputation of several British politicians in response to the recent United Nations Security Council resolution. 




### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/01/uk-mp-urges-probe-alleged-israeli-interference-170108132151019.html)

### Related:

1. [A childcare worker in London is reportedly stabbed by three Muslim women while on her way to work, suffering non life threatening injuries. ](/news/2017/06/7/a-childcare-worker-in-london-is-reportedly-stabbed-by-three-muslim-women-while-on-her-way-to-work-suffering-non-life-threatening-injuries.md) _Context: London_
2. [The suspected death toll of the fire in North Kensington, London earlier in the week significantly increases, as the Metropolitan Police Service reports that a minimum of 58 people are missing and feared dead. ](/news/2017/06/17/the-suspected-death-toll-of-the-fire-in-north-kensington-london-earlier-in-the-week-significantly-increases-as-the-metropolitan-police-ser.md) _Context: London_
3. [A 27-year-old man carrying several knives in a backpack is arrested at Parliament Square, London, near the site of last month's Westminster attack. ](/news/2017/04/27/a-27-year-old-man-carrying-several-knives-in-a-backpack-is-arrested-at-parliament-square-london-near-the-site-of-last-month-s-westminster.md) _Context: London_
4. [A vehicle mounts the pavement and runs into pedestrians in Islington, London, injuring 4. The teenage perpetrators are found carrying offensive weapons, but are not assumed to be terrorists. ](/news/2017/03/25/a-vehicle-mounts-the-pavement-and-runs-into-pedestrians-in-islington-london-injuring-4-the-teenage-perpetrators-are-found-carrying-offens.md) _Context: London_
5. [Israel announces it will withhold $6 million from its annual United Nations dues in protest of the December 23, 2016, Security Council settlement resolution. ](/news/2017/01/7/israel-announces-it-will-withhold-6-million-from-its-annual-united-nations-dues-in-protest-of-the-december-23-2016-security-council-settl.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council resolution_
6. [London Mayor Sadiq Khan declares a public health emergency for at least the next three days because of high levels of air pollution in the London area. The Department for Environment says this pollution episode could last until at least Sunday. ](/news/2017/01/18/london-mayor-sadiq-khan-declares-a-public-health-emergency-for-at-least-the-next-three-days-because-of-high-levels-of-air-pollution-in-the-l.md) _Context: London_
7. [ Israel's  Foreign Ministry  announces that it is "reducing" ties with some of the UN Security Council countries that voted to pass United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334. ](/news/2016/12/27/israel-s-foreign-ministry-announces-that-it-is-reducing-ties-with-some-of-the-un-security-council-countries-that-voted-to-pass-united-n.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council resolution_
8. [ The United States Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power abstains from voting in a 14-0 Security Council decision condemning Israeli settlement of the Palestinian territories. ](/news/2016/12/23/the-united-states-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-samantha-power-abstains-from-voting-in-a-14a0-security-council-decision-condemning-isr.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council resolution_
9. [A London-based trader who traded on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Navinder Singh Sarao, accused of contributing to the 2010 Wall Street "flash crash" by placing bogus orders to spoof the market, fails in his legal bid to stop extradition and will now be sent to the United States to face trial where he is wanted by U.S. authorities on 22 criminal counts of wire fraud, commodities fraud, and market manipulation. A judge initially approved his extradition in March, and today his bid to launch an appeal against that decision was rejected, ending his 18-month legal fight. He will now be extradited within 28 days. ](/news/2016/10/14/a-london-based-trader-who-traded-on-the-chicago-mercantile-exchange-navinder-singh-sarao-accused-of-contributing-to-the-2010-wall-street.md) _Context: London_
10. [Air China receives criticism in the United Kingdom after it releases an advertisement warning passengers from visiting areas of London populated by blacks, Indians and Pakistanis. ](/news/2016/09/7/air-china-receives-criticism-in-the-united-kingdom-after-it-releases-an-advertisement-warning-passengers-from-visiting-areas-of-london-popul.md) _Context: London_
