### [2012-11-10](/news/2012/11/10/index.md)

# The president of the Central African Republic Francois Bozize orders the detention of his son after he refuses to pay a hotel bill. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5gIzQ9zqzTV1qzflbwIMlPClPG8-g?docId=CNG.bd0e91d4bd40b9b76e5d9d53d600ba74.501)

### Related:

1. [Voters  in the Central African Republic are heading to the polls for the rescheduled parliamentary elections and the first round of the presidential election, where 30 candidates are running to replace Acting President Catherine Samba-Panza. The presidential runoff election is scheduled for 31 January 2016. The  Central African Republic has been rocked by unrest since the March 2013 coup of president Francois Bozize by Seleka, a mostly Muslim alliance of anti-government groups. Thousands have died and about one million people have been displaced in the ongoing sectarian violence between Seleka and the Christian anti-balaka militia. The United Nations peacekeeping mission has promised a heavy security presence today. ](/news/2015/12/30/voters-in-the-central-african-republic-are-heading-to-the-polls-for-the-rescheduled-parliamentary-elections-and-the-first-round-of-the-pres.md) _Context: Central African Republic, François Bozizé_
2. [Central African Republic conflict:Russia and China have blocked a proposal by the United States and France to impose U.N. sanctions on Central African Republic's former President Francois Bozize and two other people linked to the conflict. ](/news/2014/04/23/central-african-republic-conflict-prussia-and-china-have-blocked-a-proposal-by-the-united-states-and-france-to-impose-u-n-sanctions-on-cent.md) _Context: Central African Republic, François Bozizé_
3. [Aftermath of the Central African Republic conflict (2012-13):At least 60 people are killed in Central African Republic during clashes between pro-Seleka rebels and forces loyal to ousted President Francois Bozize. ](/news/2013/09/9/aftermath-of-the-central-african-republic-conflict-2012a13-pat-least-60-people-are-killed-in-central-african-republic-during-clashes-bet.md) _Context: Central African Republic, François Bozizé_
4. [2012-13 Central African Republic conflict:Rebels in the Central African Republic reportedly take the presidential palace in Bangui, as President Francois Bozize flees to the neighbouring Democratic Republic of Congo. ](/news/2013/03/24/2012a13-central-african-republic-conflict-prebels-in-the-central-african-republic-reportedly-take-the-presidential-palace-in-bangui-as-pr.md) _Context: Central African Republic, François Bozizé_
5. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:Rebels reject a national unity government offer by President of the Central African Republic Francois Bozize. ](/news/2012/12/31/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-prebels-reject-a-national-unity-government-offer-by-president-of-the-central-african-republic-franass.md) _Context: Central African Republic, François Bozizé_
6. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:Central African Republic leader Francois Bozize promises a national unity government, as rebels advance to within 75 km of the capital Bangui. ](/news/2012/12/30/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-pcentral-african-republic-leader-franassois-boziza-c-promises-a-national-unity-government-as-rebels-a.md) _Context: Central African Republic, François Bozizé_
7. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:The president of the Central African Republic, Francois Bozize, asks for international assistance as rebels advance on the capital Bangui. ](/news/2012/12/27/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-pthe-president-of-the-central-african-republic-franassois-boziza-c-asks-for-international-assistance.md) _Context: Central African Republic, François Bozizé_
8. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:A coalition of rebel groups called ''Seleka'' take over the Central African Republic mining town of Bria, killing at least 15 government soldiers. The group is spearheaded by UFDR forces and has already taken five towns in its two-week offensive, which it claims is because of a lack of progress after a peace deal ended the 2004-2007 Bush War. Following an appeal for help from President Francois Bozize, the President of Chad Idriss Deby sends 20 vehicles of heavily armed troops to help quell the rebellion. ](/news/2012/12/18/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-pa-coalition-of-rebel-groups-called-seleka-take-over-the-central-african-republic-mining-town-of.md) _Context: Central African Republic, François Bozizé_
9. [Jean-Pierre Bemba, leader of the Movement for the Liberation of the Congo, and a former Congolese vice president, is sentenced to 18 years in prison by the International Criminal Court for war crimes, and for sexual violence crimes against humanity in neighboring Central African Republic during 2002 and 2003. ](/news/2016/06/21/jean-pierre-bemba-leader-of-the-movement-for-the-liberation-of-the-congo-and-a-former-congolese-vice-president-is-sentenced-to-18-years-i.md) _Context: Central African Republic_
10. [The International Criminal Court finds ex-Vice President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo Jean-Pierre Bemba guilty of war crimes. Bemba is accused of not taking steps to stop his militia from committing mass murder, rape and pillage in neighbouring Central African Republic. ](/news/2016/03/21/the-international-criminal-court-finds-ex-vice-president-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-jean-pierre-bemba-guilty-of-war-crimes-bem.md) _Context: Central African Republic_
