### [2013-09-9](/news/2013/09/9/index.md)

# Israel's Hebrew University of Jerusalem announces the discovery of a 1,400-year-old golden treasure trove at the foot of the Temple Mount. 




### Source:

1. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/archaeology/.premium-1.545965)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.haaretz.com/polopoly_fs/1.545978.1378792686!/image/3405375793.jpg_gen/derivatives/headline_1200x630/3405375793.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The Israeli government says it will remove metal detectors and some cameras recently installed at the entrances to the Temple Mount in Jerusalem that resulted in a wave of protests and some deaths. Instead, less obtrusive surveillance means will be used. ](/news/2017/07/25/the-israeli-government-says-it-will-remove-metal-detectors-and-some-cameras-recently-installed-at-the-entrances-to-the-temple-mount-in-jerus.md) _Context: Israel, Temple Mount_
2. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Israel, Temple Mount_
3. [Israel and Jordan agree to take steps to quell violence at the Al-Aqsa Mosque in Jerusalem which includes round-the-clock monitoring of new security cameras there. Israel reaffirms Jordan's historic role as formal custodian of what is known to Jews as the Temple Mount and as Haram al-Sharif to Muslims. Yesterday, Israeli authorities lifted restrictions that had banned men aged under 40 from praying at al-Aqsa. ](/news/2015/10/24/israel-and-jordan-agree-to-take-steps-to-quell-violence-at-the-al-aqsa-mosque-in-jerusalem-which-includes-round-the-clock-monitoring-of-new.md) _Context: Israel, Temple Mount_
4. [ Israeli police and Palestinians clash at Temple Mount, Jerusalem's holiest site, resulting in 12 arrests. ](/news/2009/10/25/israeli-police-and-palestinians-clash-at-temple-mount-jerusalem-s-holiest-site-resulting-in-12-arrests.md) _Context: Israel, Temple Mount_
5. [ In Israel, Jerusalem police deny members of Jewish organization Revava access to Temple Mount during Passover because of danger that they could use the situation to encourage violence. Revava has planned a pilgrimage to the site in April 10 ](/news/2005/03/30/in-israel-jerusalem-police-deny-members-of-jewish-organization-revava-access-to-temple-mount-during-passover-because-of-danger-that-they-c.md) _Context: Israel, Temple Mount_
6. [ Teenagers from areas controlled by the Palestinian Authority provoke a riot by throwing large stones at Israeli police shortly after noon prayers at the Western Wall. When police try to stop them, hundreds of other Muslims join the stone throwers. Resisting apprehension, the rioters seek refuge at the Temple Mount, site of Al Aqsa Mosque, most holy place to Jews and third-holiest place for Muslims. ](/news/2004/04/2/teenagers-from-areas-controlled-by-the-palestinian-authority-provoke-a-riot-by-throwing-large-stones-at-israeli-police-shortly-after-noon-p.md) _Context: Israel, Temple Mount_
7. [ Tensions flare again over the main religious site in Jerusalem, the location of both the Temple Mount and the Noble Sanctuary. The holy site had been closed to non-Muslims since September 2000. Israeli officials say they are maintaining calm over a site sacred to three religions. But Muslim authorities say the Israeli government is risking a backlash here and throughout the Muslim world.](/news/2003/08/29/tensions-flare-again-over-the-main-religious-site-in-jerusalem-the-location-of-both-the-temple-mount-and-the-noble-sanctuary-the-holy-sit.md) _Context: Israel, Temple Mount_
8. [It is suspected that Israeli jets bomb a military research facility near the city of Masyaf, Hama Governorate, killing at least two Syrian Army soldiers. The facility was rumoured to contain chemical weapons. ](/news/2017/09/7/it-is-suspected-that-israeli-jets-bomb-a-military-research-facility-near-the-city-of-masyaf-hama-governorate-killing-at-least-two-syrian-a.md) _Context: Israel_
9. [Along with the Solomon Islands, the State of Palestine joins Interpol despite objections from Israel. ](/news/2017/09/27/along-with-the-solomon-islands-the-state-of-palestine-joins-interpol-despite-objections-from-israel.md) _Context: Israel_
10. [The Supreme Court of Israel strikes down the exemption on the conscription of ultra-Orthodox Jews. ](/news/2017/09/13/the-supreme-court-of-israel-strikes-down-the-exemption-on-the-conscription-of-ultra-orthodox-jews.md) _Context: Israel_
