### [2013-09-9](/news/2013/09/9/index.md)

# The centre-right parties win a majority in the Norwegian parliamentary elections, with the Conservative Party's Erna Solberg defeating incumbent Jens Stoltenberg (Labour) for the position of Prime Minister. 

Norway&#039;s right wing has won parliamentary elections, with Conservative Party leader Erna Solberg set to become the country&#039;s next prime minister.


### Source:

1. [AAP via SBS](http://www.sbs.com.au/news/article/2013/09/10/wealthy-norway-swings-right-election)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-24014551)

### Related:

1. [The right-wing coaltition lead by Erna Solberg wins their second term in office in the Norwegian parliamentary election held late yesterday. ](/news/2017/09/12/the-right-wing-coaltition-lead-by-erna-solberg-wins-their-second-term-in-office-in-the-norwegian-parliamentary-election-held-late-yesterday.md) _Context: Erna Solberg_
2. [Prime Minister of Norway Erna Solberg meets with Premier of the People's Republic of China Li Keqiang in Beijing to announce the end of a diplomatic freeze between the countries and the resumption of free trade negotiations between China and Norway. ](/news/2017/04/7/prime-minister-of-norway-erna-solberg-meets-with-premier-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-li-keqiang-in-beijing-to-announce-the-end-of-a-di.md) _Context: Erna Solberg_
3. [The Secretary General of NATO Jens Stoltenberg says that the military alliance plans on sending four multinational battalions to Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Poland in order to boost their defense. However, Stoltenberg said that the battalions will only be deployed on a rotational basis instead of being based permanently. ](/news/2016/06/13/the-secretary-general-of-nato-jens-stoltenberg-says-that-the-military-alliance-plans-on-sending-four-multinational-battalions-to-estonia-la.md) _Context: Jens Stoltenberg_
4. [According to the Secretary General of NATO Jens Stoltenberg, defense spending by European member states will grow for the first time in a decade. Stoltenberg went on to say that "we are faced with uncertainty. We are faced with more threats, more security challenges, than in a generation". ](/news/2016/06/1/according-to-the-secretary-general-of-nato-jens-stoltenberg-defense-spending-by-european-member-states-will-grow-for-the-first-time-in-a-de.md) _Context: Jens Stoltenberg_
5. [NATO reopens informal talks with Russia for the first time in nearly two years. According to the Secretary General of NATO Jens Stoltenberg "NATO and Russia have profound and persistent disagreements, today's meeting did not change that." ](/news/2016/04/20/nato-reopens-informal-talks-with-russia-for-the-first-time-in-nearly-two-years-according-to-the-secretary-general-of-nato-jens-stoltenberg.md) _Context: Jens Stoltenberg_
6. [At the 52nd Munich Security Conference in Germany, NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg says that NATO and Russia are "not in a cold-war situation but also not in the partnership that we established at the end of the Cold War" while the Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev says tensions between Russia and NATO have sent the world spiralling into a "new Cold War", blaming U.S. and European leaders for the souring of relations with Russia. He also rejected accusations that Russian warplanes have bombed civilians in Syria, saying it is "just not true". ](/news/2016/02/13/at-the-52nd-munich-security-conference-in-germany-nato-secretary-general-jens-stoltenberg-says-that-nato-and-russia-are-not-in-a-cold-war.md) _Context: Jens Stoltenberg_
7. [NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg announces the invitation sent to Montenegro to join the military alliance, 16 years after the country, as part of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, was bombed by the alliance in the Kosovo War. Montenegro's accession would result in "retaliatory actions", according to a spokesman for Russian President Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2015/12/2/nato-secretary-general-jens-stoltenberg-announces-the-invitation-sent-to-montenegro-to-join-the-military-alliance-16-years-after-the-countr.md) _Context: Jens Stoltenberg_
8. [NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg says Russia's pair of violations of Turkish airspace over the weekend do not look like accidents. Russia, which said it's looking into claims of a second violation, reported the first violation lasted a few seconds and was due to poor weather. ](/news/2015/10/6/nato-secretary-general-jens-stoltenberg-says-russia-s-pair-of-violations-of-turkish-airspace-over-the-weekend-do-not-look-like-accidents-ru.md) _Context: Jens Stoltenberg_
9. [Former Prime Minister of Norway Jens Stoltenberg is appointed to succeed Denmark's Anders Fogh Rasmussen as the next Secretary General of NATO. ](/news/2014/03/28/former-prime-minister-of-norway-jens-stoltenberg-is-appointed-to-succeed-denmark-s-anders-fogh-rasmussen-as-the-next-secretary-general-of-na.md) _Context: Jens Stoltenberg_
10. [Solberg's Cabinet is appointed as the 61st cabinet of Norway by the King following the parliamentary election on 9 September. date=October 2013 ](/news/2013/10/16/solberg-s-cabinet-is-appointed-as-the-61st-cabinet-of-norway-by-the-king-following-the-parliamentary-election-on-9-september-date-october-2.md) _Context: parliamentary election_
