### [2009-08-2](/news/2009/08/2/index.md)

#  Hundreds of firefighters on the Spanish island of La Palma in the Canary Islands are continuing to battle wildfires. 

A wildfire is raging out of control on the Canary Island of La Palma a day after it forced 4,000 people to flee their homes and stranded dozens of tourists.


### Source:

1. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/spain/5960864/Thousands-evacuated-as-fire-engulfs-Canary-Island-of-La-Palma.html)
2. [The Times](http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/world/europe/article6736631.ece)
2. [Cover Image](http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/01454/canary_1454993a.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Residents of El Hierro in Spain's Canary Islands are evacuated following continuing volcanic activity. ](/news/2011/11/5/residents-of-el-hierro-in-spain-s-canary-islands-are-evacuated-following-continuing-volcanic-activity.md) _Context: Canary Islands', Spanish_
2. [A magnitude 4.3 earthquake hits the southern coast of El Hierro in the southwestern Canary Islands of Spain, the strongest such earthquake to occur in an earthquake swarm on the island. The quake is believed to have been caused by rising magma, which has forced evacuations amid fears of an impending volcanic eruption, which last occurred on El Hierro in 1793. ](/news/2011/10/9/a-magnitude-4-3-earthquake-hits-the-southern-coast-of-el-hierro-in-the-southwestern-canary-islands-of-spain-the-strongest-such-earthquake-t.md) _Context: Canary Islands', Spanish_
3. [Four airports in the Canary Islands and three in southern Spain are closed, Spain's air traffic control agency Aena said. ](/news/2010/05/11/four-airports-in-the-canary-islands-and-three-in-southern-spain-are-closed-spain-s-air-traffic-control-agency-aena-said.md) _Context: Canary Islands', Spanish_
4. [ A prominent human rights campaigner for the Western Sahara region, Aminatou Haidar, who is on hunger strike at an airport in the Canary Islands, is to appear in a Spanish court on charges of public disorder. ](/news/2009/11/17/a-prominent-human-rights-campaigner-for-the-western-sahara-region-aminatou-haidar-who-is-on-hunger-strike-at-an-airport-in-the-canary-isl.md) _Context: Canary Islands', Spanish_
5. [ UNESCO designates 22 new World Heritage Sites, including the Sydney Opera House; Canada's Rideau Canal; Japan's Iwami Ginzan Silver Mine; Turkmenistan's Parthian Fortresses of Nisa; India's Red Fort complexes; the Lope-Okanda Landscape of Gabon; the Richtersveld desert of South Africa; the rock carvings of Twyfelfontein in Namibia; the fortified tower houses of Guangdong Province in the People's Republic of China; Teide National Park in the Canary Islands, Spain; the ancient beech forests of Central Europe; Mehmed Pasa Sokolovic Bridge in Bosnia and Herzegovina; Bordeaux and the Port de la Lune in France; the Old Town of Corfu in Greece; and the Palace of Galerius in Gamzigrad-Romuliana in Serbia. ](/news/2007/06/28/unesco-designates-22-new-world-heritage-sites-including-the-sydney-opera-house-canada-s-rideau-canal-japan-s-iwami-ginzan-silver-mine-t.md) _Context: Canary Islands', Spanish_
6. [ Scientists speaking at a news conference on natural disasters raise the alarm that the Cumbre Vieja volcano on La Palma, Canary Islands, could erupt at any time, sending a 250&nbsp;km2. rock crashing into the Atlantic Ocean and producing a tsunami that could devastate the Atlantic's coastline, within hours. Very little seismological monitoring of the volcano is being carried out. ](/news/2004/08/9/scientists-speaking-at-a-news-conference-on-natural-disasters-raise-the-alarm-that-the-cumbre-vieja-volcano-on-la-palma-canary-islands-co.md) _Context: Canary Islands', La Palma_
7. [Spain plans to sue leading members of the Catalan Parliament over the proposed independence referendum in Catalonia. ](/news/2017/09/7/spain-plans-to-sue-leading-members-of-the-catalan-parliament-over-the-proposed-independence-referendum-in-catalonia.md) _Context: Spanish_
8. [Spanish police raid Catalan government offices and arrest Catalan officials as part of the effort to halt a banned referendum on independence. Catalan President Carles Puigdemont says, "The Spanish state has by all rights intervened in Catalonia's government and has established emergency rule." ](/news/2017/09/20/spanish-police-raid-catalan-government-offices-and-arrest-catalan-officials-as-part-of-the-effort-to-halt-a-banned-referendum-on-independenc.md) _Context: Spanish_
9. [Spain's Guardia Civil raid private delivery offices in the Catalan city of Terrassa, searching for and confiscating envelopes suspected of containing voting cards for the upcoming Catalan independence referendum. ](/news/2017/09/19/spain-s-guardia-civil-raid-private-delivery-offices-in-the-catalan-city-of-terrassa-searching-for-and-confiscating-envelopes-suspected-of-c.md) _Context: Spanish_
10. [More than 700 Catalan mayors meet in Barcelona with Catalan President Carles Puigdemont to confirm their support for the October 1 independence referendum. Earlier this week, Spanish prosecutors warned that officials participating in this vote could be criminally charged. ](/news/2017/09/16/more-than-700-catalan-mayors-meet-in-barcelona-with-catalan-president-carles-puigdemont-to-confirm-their-support-for-the-october-1-independe.md) _Context: Spanish_
