### [2014-01-21](/news/2014/01/21/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon:A bomb detonates at a Hezbollah building in Beirut, Lebanon killing 4 people and wounding 35. 

BEIRUT (AP) — A car bomb ripped through a Shiite neighborhood in south Beirut on Tuesday, killing four people and sending plumes of smoke over the area in the latest attack to target supporters of Lebanon&#39;s


### Source:

1. [AP via ''USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2014/01/21/beirut-bomb/4710867/)

### Related:

1. [The Saudi-owned news channel Al Arabiya shuts its offices in Beirut, Lebanon and dismisses 27 employees in a sudden move reflecting tensions between Saudi Arabia and Lebanon-based Hezbollah, which is backed by Iran. Saudi Arabia interpreted Lebanon's lack of public solidarity as a sign that it had become beholden to Hezbollah. ](/news/2016/04/2/the-saudi-owned-news-channel-al-arabiya-shuts-its-offices-in-beirut-lebanon-and-dismisses-27-employees-in-a-sudden-move-reflecting-tensions.md) _Context: Beirut, Hezbollah, Lebanon_
2. [2015 Beirut bombings:Lebanese Interior Minister Nouhad Machnouk reports at least 43 people were killed and more than 239 wounded as two, simultaneous suicide bomb blasts hit a Shi'ite community center and a nearby bakery  in the Beirut suburb of Bourj el-Barajneh, a section of the Lebanese capital controlled by Hezbollah. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. Machnouk said a third suicide bomber had been killed by one of the explosions before he could detonate his own bomb. The bombers struck as Lebanese lawmakers held a legislative session for the first time in over a year. ](/news/2015/11/12/2015-beirut-bombings-plebanese-interior-minister-nouhad-machnouk-reports-at-least-43-people-were-killed-and-more-than-239-wounded-as-two-si.md) _Context: Beirut, Hezbollah, Lebanon_
3. [Two people are killed and 38 injured in a bombing of a Hezbollah stronghold in Beirut. ](/news/2014/02/19/two-people-are-killed-and-38-injured-in-a-bombing-of-a-hezbollah-stronghold-in-beirut.md) _Context: Beirut, Hezbollah, Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon_
4. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon:Five people are killed and 20 wounded in a car bomb which hit a southern suburb of the Lebanese capital Beirut. ](/news/2014/01/2/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-pfive-people-are-killed-and-20-wounded-in-a-car-bomb-which-hit-a-southern-suburb-of-the-lebanese-capit.md) _Context: Beirut, Lebanon, Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon_
5. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon:A car bomb explodes in the Central District of Beirut, Lebanon, killing eight people, including the former ambassador to the U.S. Mohamad Chatah, and wounding 71 others. ](/news/2013/12/27/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-pa-car-bomb-explodes-in-the-central-district-of-beirut-lebanon-killing-eight-people-including-the-f.md) _Context: Beirut, Lebanon, Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon_
6. [Two suicide bombers target the Iranian embassy in the Lebanese capital Beirut killing at least 23 people. ](/news/2013/11/19/two-suicide-bombers-target-the-iranian-embassy-in-the-lebanese-capital-beirut-killing-at-least-23-people.md) _Context: Beirut, Lebanon, Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon_
7. [A Lebanese man protesting against Hezbollah's role in the Syrian civil war is shot dead outside the Iranian embassy in Beirut. ](/news/2013/06/9/a-lebanese-man-protesting-against-hezbollah-s-role-in-the-syrian-civil-war-is-shot-dead-outside-the-iranian-embassy-in-beirut.md) _Context: Beirut, Hezbollah, Lebanon_
8. [ 2008 unrest in Lebanon: Gunbattles erupt in Beirut as the government of Lebanon cracks down on Hezbollah. Two people are killed and eight injured in the fighting. ](/news/2008/05/8/2008-unrest-in-lebanon-gunbattles-erupt-in-beirut-as-the-government-of-lebanon-cracks-down-on-hezbollah-two-people-are-killed-and-eight-i.md) _Context: Beirut, Hezbollah, Lebanon_
9. [ Hezbollah members demonstrate their opposition to the Siniora administration in Beirut, Lebanon. ](/news/2006/12/1/hezbollah-members-demonstrate-their-opposition-to-the-siniora-administration-in-beirut-lebanon.md) _Context: Beirut, Hezbollah, Lebanon_
10. [The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-israeli-air-force-launches-several-airstrikes-on-targets-inside-syria-and-for-the-first-time-publicly-claims-responsibility-syrian-ai.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon_
