### [2014-02-6](/news/2014/02/6/index.md)

# Chinese media criticizes Philippine President Benigno Aquino III for his remarks the previous day. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2014/02/06/world/asia/china-philippines-row/)

### Related:

1. [Spratly Islands dispute:Philippine President Benigno Aquino III compares China's territory claims in the South China Sea to Nazi Germany's invasion of Czechoslovakia. ](/news/2014/02/5/spratly-islands-dispute-pphilippine-president-benigno-aquino-iii-compares-china-s-territory-claims-in-the-south-china-sea-to-nazi-germany-s.md) _Context: Benigno Aquino III, China, Philippine_
2. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte tells U.S. President Barack Obama to "go to hell" after the United States refuses to sell some weapons to his country, while also acknowledging the cooperation of Russia and China. ](/news/2016/10/4/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-tells-u-s-president-barack-obama-to-go-to-hell-after-the-united-states-refuses-to-sell-some-weapons.md) _Context: China, Philippine_
3. [''Philippines v. China''On his final day as President of the Philippines, Benigno Aquino III says he was right when he sued China over the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/06/29/philippines-v-china-pon-his-final-day-as-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-aquino-iii-says-he-was-right-when-he-sued-china-over-the.md) _Context: Benigno Aquino III, China_
4. [U.S. President Barack Obama calls on China to stop constructing artificial islands in the South China Sea. Obama's comments to reporters come after a meeting with Philippine President  Benigno S. Aquino III. The U.S. president is in Manila for the latest Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit where the Trans-Pacific Partnership is the central topic of conversation. China attempts to keep the topic of the islands off the agenda. ](/news/2015/11/18/u-s-president-barack-obama-calls-on-china-to-stop-constructing-artificial-islands-in-the-south-china-sea-obamaas-comments-to-reporters-c.md) _Context: China, Philippine_
5. [Typhoon Haiyan:Philippine President Benigno Aquino III is criticized by survivors, aid agencies, and international and local media for his inadequate response to the tragedy. ](/news/2013/11/14/typhoon-haiyan-pphilippine-president-benigno-aquino-iii-is-criticized-by-survivors-aid-agencies-and-international-and-local-media-for-his.md) _Context: Benigno Aquino III, Philippine_
6. [Philippine President Benigno Aquino III meets with rebel Moro Islamic Liberation Front leader Al Haj Murad Ibrahim in Tokyo. ](/news/2011/08/5/philippine-president-benigno-aquino-iii-meets-with-rebel-moro-islamic-liberation-front-leader-al-haj-murad-ibrahim-in-tokyo.md) _Context: Benigno Aquino III, Philippine_
7. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: China_
8. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: China_
9. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: China_
10. [Carrie Lam is sworn in as the first female Chief Executive of Hong Kong by President Xi Jinping amid protests against the 20th anniversary of the transfer of sovereignty to China. ](/news/2017/07/1/carrie-lam-is-sworn-in-as-the-first-female-chief-executive-of-hong-kong-by-president-xi-jinping-amid-protests-against-the-20th-anniversary-o.md) _Context: China_
