### [2014-02-6](/news/2014/02/6/index.md)

# Palestinian militants in the Gaza Strip fire rockets towards Hof Ashkelon region in southern Israel; the rockets are intercepted by Israel's Iron Dome defense system. 

Projectile strikes open area in Eshkol region, after two others hit near Ashkelon; no injuries or damage reported


### Source:

1. [The Times of Israel](http://www.timesofisrael.com/rocket-fired-at-hof-ashkelon-from-gaza-strip/#ixzz2sZPR6uKS)
1. [Cover Image](http://cdn.timesofisrael.com/uploads/2013/07/F090102JN12.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The Palestinian militant group "Army of Islam" fires rockets from Gaza into southern Israel in response to the killing of three of its members by Israel last month, with one rocket landing close to a kindergarten near Ashkelon, injuring a 14-year-old girl; Israeli jets respond with air strikes in the Gaza Strip, injuring at least two Palestinian militants, Palestinian sources say. ](/news/2010/12/21/the-palestinian-militant-group-army-of-islam-fires-rockets-from-gaza-into-southern-israel-in-response-to-the-killing-of-three-of-its-membe.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian militants, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
2. [At least one rocket is intercepted over Ashdod by Israel's Iron Dome missile defense system, and is believed to have come from the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2015/09/29/at-least-one-rocket-is-intercepted-over-ashdod-by-israel-s-iron-dome-missile-defense-system-and-is-believed-to-have-come-from-the-gaza-stri.md) _Context: Iron Dome, Israel_
3. [For the second time this week, a rocket fired from Gaza lands in Israel. There were no immediate reports of injuries, or claims of responsibility. ](/news/2015/06/6/for-the-second-time-this-week-a-rocket-fired-from-gaza-lands-in-israel-there-were-no-immediate-reports-of-injuries-or-claims-of-responsib.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
4. [A rocket fired from the Gaza Strip towards the Ashkelon region fell short and did not land in Israel with Palestinian sources indicating it may have hit a house. There were no immediate reports of injuries, or claims of responsibility. Journalists speculate that ISIL-affiliated groups are responsible. ](/news/2015/06/11/a-rocket-fired-from-the-gaza-strip-towards-the-ashkelon-region-fell-short-and-did-not-land-in-israel-with-palestinian-sources-indicating-it.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
5. [Three Israeli civilians are killed in Kiryat Malachi, Israel, in a further barrage of rocket attacks on southern Israel from Palestinians in the Gaza Strip. Rockets have hit apartment buildings, schools and private houses so far. ](/news/2012/11/15/three-israeli-civilians-are-killed-in-kiryat-malachi-israel-in-a-further-barrage-of-rocket-attacks-on-southern-israel-from-palestinians-in.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
6. [Palestinian militants fire a barrage of rockets from Gaza into southern Israel, in a cross-border escalation following an earlier attack in which four Israeli soldiers are injured, two seriously, when an anti-tank missile fired from the Gaza Strip hits an Israeli army jeep patrolling some 200 meters inside the Israeli border with Gaza; Israel carries out counter-strikes, killing five Palestinians and wounding 30. ](/news/2012/11/10/palestinian-militants-fire-a-barrage-of-rockets-from-gaza-into-southern-israel-in-a-cross-border-escalation-following-an-earlier-attack-in.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian militants_
7. [Palestinian militants fire a barrage of rockets into southern Israel following an Israel Air Force strike that killed two Islamic Jihad gunmen; IAF strikes at militant targets in Gaza have killed six Palestinians since yesterday. ](/news/2012/06/19/palestinian-militants-fire-a-barrage-of-rockets-into-southern-israel-following-an-israel-air-force-strike-that-killed-two-islamic-jihad-gunm.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
8. [One Israeli is killed, seven are wounded in Beersheba and three Palestinian illegal aliens are wounded near the city of Ashdod by incoming mortars and rockets launched from the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2011/08/20/one-israeli-is-killed-seven-are-wounded-in-beersheba-and-three-palestinian-illegal-aliens-are-wounded-near-the-city-of-ashdod-by-incoming-m.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
9. [Over 120 rockets are fired into southern Israel this weekend, wounding 5 people. The Iron Dome missile system intercepts 10 rockets. ](/news/2011/04/9/over-120-rockets-are-fired-into-southern-israel-this-weekend-wounding-5-people-the-iron-dome-missile-system-intercepts-10-rockets.md) _Context: Iron Dome, Israel_
10. [At least 12 Palestinians, including 3 civilians, are killed by Israeli air strikes in Gaza in response to numerous mortar and rocket attacks. ](/news/2011/04/8/at-least-12-palestinians-including-3-civilians-are-killed-by-israeli-air-strikes-in-gaza-in-response-to-numerous-mortar-and-rocket-attacks.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
