### [2008-01-15](/news/2008/01/15/index.md)

#  20 Palestinians are killed by the Israeli Defense Forces including 14 fighters and five civilians, with 55 people wounded. Hamas leader Mahmoud Zahar's son is killed. Dozens of rockets are fired into Israel by Hamas, landing in the town of Sderot, injuring 4 Israelis. An Ecuadorian laborer is also shot and killed by Hamas. 




### Source:

1. [The Washington Pos''t](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2008/01/15/AR2008011500329.html?hpid=sec-world)

### Related:

1. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met today in Berlin with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu regarding the recent spate of violence between Palestinians and Israelis. Kerry will meet on Saturday with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and King Abdullah of Jordan in Amman. ](/news/2015/10/22/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-met-today-in-berlin-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-regarding-the-recent-spate-of-violence.md) _Context: Israel, Israelis, Palestinian_
2. [Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence.  ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapsed-a-nearby-house-killing-a-30-y.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Palestinian_
3. [ Israeli forces pull back from the Northern Gaza Strip after a two day raid that was prompted by the firing of Qassam rockets and mortar shells into Israel. The raid left 11 Palestinians, including civilians and members of Hamas and the Army of Islam, dead and 20 wounded. ](/news/2007/09/27/israeli-forces-pull-back-from-the-northern-gaza-strip-after-a-two-day-raid-that-was-prompted-by-the-firing-of-qassam-rockets-and-mortar-she.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Palestinian_
4. [ 2007 Israel-Gaza conflict: Two Qassam rockets land in Israel with at least two casualties in Sderot. The IAF strikes two Hamas posts in the Gaza Strip, with no casualties reported. ](/news/2007/05/27/2007-israel-gaza-conflict-p-two-qassam-rockets-land-in-israel-with-at-least-two-casualties-in-sderot-p-the-iaf-strikes-two-hamas-posts-in-t.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Sderot_
5. [ Six Palestinians from the armed wing of the militant group Hamas have been killed in an Israeli incursion into the Gaza Strip, Palestinian officials say. ](/news/2006/10/14/six-palestinians-from-the-armed-wing-of-the-militant-group-hamas-have-been-killed-in-an-israeli-incursion-into-the-gaza-strip-palestinian.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Palestinian_
6. [ Israel has stated that they will ensure that the Hamas-controlled Palestinian government is "toppled" if their captured soldier, Gilad Shalit, is killed. Three Palestinian groups claiming to hold Shalit refuse to provide information about his health via the Palestine Red Crescent, unless all jailed Palestinian women and teenagers are released from Israeli prisons. Three Qassam rockets are launched from the Gaza Strip against Israeli towns, one of them wounding 4 civilians in Sderot and causing a power outage throughout the city. ](/news/2006/06/26/israel-has-stated-that-they-will-ensure-that-the-hamas-controlled-palestinian-government-is-toppled-if-their-captured-soldier-gilad-shal.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Sderot_
7. [ Interim Israeli Prime minister Ehud Olmert postpones until Sunday official discourse which would ban Palestinian movements between Gaza and the West Bank, bar Palestinians from working in Israel and stop transfer of $50 million tax receipts to the Palestinian Authority. All these measures, criticized by Israeli Labor Party leader Amir Peretz, follows the victory of Hamas over Fatah during the January 2006 legislative elections. [http://today.reuters.com/news/NewsArticle.aspx?type=topNews&storyID=uri:2006-02-17T153806Z_01_L17580155_RTRUKOC_0_US-MIDEAST.xml&pageNumber=0&summit= (Reuters)] [http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/I/ISRAEL_PALESTINIANS?SITE=WKHG&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT (AP)].](/news/2006/02/17/interim-israeli-prime-minister-ehud-olmert-postpones-until-sunday-official-discourse-which-would-ban-palestinian-movements-between-gaza-and.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Palestinian_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israel bans Palestinians from East Jerusalem from voting in the next Palestinian legislative election throwing the entire election in doubt. Israel claims that it made the ban out of fears that Hamas would do well. ](/news/2005/12/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-bans-palestinians-from-east-jerusalem-from-voting-in-the-next-palestinian-legislative-election-throwin.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Palestinian_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict:  At least 10 Palestinians die and 80 are injured when a truck carrying home-made explosives explodes during a Friday salat parade organised by Hamas.  Hamas blames Israel, claiming an Israeli plane blew up the vehicle, while Israel and the Palestinian Authority blames Hamas. ](/news/2005/09/23/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-at-least-10-palestinians-die-and-80-are-injured-when-a-truck-carrying-home-made-explosives-explodes-during.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Palestinian_
10. [ Dana Galkowicz, an Israeli woman, 22, dies in the moshav of Netiv Ha'asara after Palestinian militants fire more than a dozen Qassam rockets. Hamas, Islamic Jihad and the al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades all claimed responsibility, though Israel primarily suspects Hamas ](/news/2005/07/14/dana-galkowicz-an-israeli-woman-22-dies-in-the-moshav-of-netiv-ha-asara-after-palestinian-militants-fire-more-than-a-dozen-qassam-rocket.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israelis_
