### [2008-01-15](/news/2008/01/15/index.md)

#  United States presidential election, 2008: Mitt Romney wins the Republican Michigan primary with John McCain finishing second. Hillary Clinton wins the Democratic contest but she was the only leading contender in that election. Democratic candidates brace for a competitive primary in Nevada while Republicans contend for the South Carolina primary. 

The pressure&#39;s on for Republicans to show staying power in a presidential primary race where, as Fred Thompson put it Wednesday, &quot;everyone gets to be hero of the day.&quot;


### Source:

1. [AP via Google News](http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5gbZxmFSV3nNUYvtSSKacQb7wkpkQD8U6MM7O0)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2008/POLITICS/01/15/michigan.primary/index.html)
3. [Canadian Press via Google News](http://canadianpress.google.com/article/ALeqM5jrzOhVVStnVEVe07H85DOjAt3Ymg)
4. [MSNBC](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/22681318/)

### Related:

1. [ United States presidential election, 2008:. Voters in New Hampshire go to the polls for the first primary election to determine presidential nominees for the Democratic and Republican parties.. New York Senator Hillary Clinton wins the Democratic primary.. Arizona Senator John McCain wins the Republican primary. ](/news/2008/01/8/united-states-presidential-election-2008-voters-in-new-hampshire-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-primary-election-to-determine-presidentia.md) _Context: 2008, Democratic, Hillary Clinton, John McCain, Republican_
2. [ United States general elections:. Democrat Barack Obama wins the 2008 United States presidential election after beating Republican John McCain, becoming the first African American to be elected to the office of President of the United States. ](/news/2008/11/4/united-states-general-elections-democrat-barack-obama-wins-the-2008-united-states-presidential-election-after-beating-republican-john-mcc.md) _Context: 2008, Democratic, John McCain, Republican_
3. [ United States presidential election, 2008: A majority of Michigan's Republican delegates say that they will support John McCain following the withdrawal of Michigan primary winner Mitt Romney from the race. McCain has also won the allegiance of a majority of Louisiana delegates. ](/news/2008/02/16/united-states-presidential-election-2008-a-majority-of-michigan-s-republican-delegates-say-that-they-will-support-john-mccain-following-t.md) _Context: 2008, John McCain, Mitt Romney, Republican_
4. [ United States presidential election, 2008:. Voters in Nevada and South Carolina go to the polls to determine presidential nominations for the Republican and Democratic parties.. Former Governor of Massachusetts Mitt Romney wins the Nevada Republican caucus. ](/news/2008/01/19/united-states-presidential-election-2008-voters-in-nevada-and-south-carolina-go-to-the-polls-to-determine-presidential-nominations-for-t.md) _Context: 2008, Democratic, Mitt Romney, Republican_
5. [United States presidential election and general elections, 2016. Although he lost the popular vote, Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for the 2016 presidential election, becomes the president-elect of the United States after defeating Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee in the electoral college. It is the fifth time in United States history where the winning candidate lost the popular vote, the last such defeat occurring in 2000.. The Republican Party retains control of the House and Senate. ](/news/2016/11/9/united-states-presidential-election-and-general-elections-2016-although-he-lost-the-popular-vote-donald-trump-the-republican-nominee-for.md) _Context: Democratic, Hillary Clinton, Republican_
6. [United States presidential election, 2016. Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton and Republican Party nominee Donald Trump hold the first presidential debate of the 2016 presidential election at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York. ](/news/2016/09/26/united-states-presidential-election-2016-democratic-party-nominee-hillary-clinton-and-republican-party-nominee-donald-trump-hold-the-first.md) _Context: Democratic, Hillary Clinton, Republican_
7. [United States presidential election, 2016. The Commission on Presidential Debates officially announces the invitation of Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton, and GOP nominee Donald Trump, to the first presidential debate at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York, on September 26. However, third party candidates, Gary Johnson and Jill Stein, have not met the criteria, and will not be participants in the debate. ](/news/2016/09/16/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-commission-on-presidential-debates-officially-announces-the-invitation-of-democratic-party-no.md) _Context: Democratic, Hillary Clinton, Republican_
8. [Democratic National Committee cyber attacks. Democratic presidential election nominee Hillary Clinton accuses Russian intelligence services of being behind recent hacks into Democratic National Committee computers, while also accusing Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump of supporting Russian President Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2016/07/31/democratic-national-committee-cyber-attacks-democratic-presidential-election-nominee-hillary-clinton-accuses-russian-intelligence-services.md) _Context: Democratic, Hillary Clinton, Republican_
9. [United States presidential election in Iowa, 2016. Voters in Iowa go to Democratic and Republican Party caucuses in the first formal stage of the U.S. elections. [https://www.yahoo.com/politics/iowa-on-our-minds-as-the-campaign-nears-its-063213666.html (Yahoo! politics)]. Hillary Clinton narrowly wins the Democratic caucus; this makes her the first woman to win an Iowa caucus. [http://thehill.com/blogs/ballot-box/presidential-races/bernie-sanders-iowa-results-gain-error-recount-hillary-clinton (The Hill)] [http://whotv.com/2016/02/01/iowans-could-witness-history-once-again-in-2016/ (Who TV)]. Ted Cruz wins the Republican caucus; this makes him the first Hispanic person to win an Iowa caucus. [http://edition.cnn.com/2016/02/01/politics/iowa-caucuses-updates-real-time/index.html (CNN)] [http://latino.foxnews.com/latino/politics/2016/02/01/iowans-to-choose-trump-aggressiveness-cruz-conservatism-or-rubio-moderation/ Fox News Latino]. Republican candidate Mike Huckabee suspends his campaign. [http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/mike-huckabee-suspends-2016-presidential-race/story?id=36654628 (ABC Go)] [http://edition.cnn.com/2016/02/01/politics/iowa-caucuses-updates-real-time/index.html (CNN)]. Democratic candidate Martin O'Malley suspends his campaign. [https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/omalley-to-suspend-his-campaign-according-to-campaign-adviser/2016/02/01/4e1a4572-c77c-11e5-a4aa-f25866ba0dc6_story.html "(Washington Post)"]](/news/2016/02/1/united-states-presidential-election-in-iowa-2016-voters-in-iowa-go-to-democratic-and-republican-party-caucuses-in-the-first-formal-stage-o.md) _Context: Democratic, Hillary Clinton, Republican_
10. [Four third-party U.S. presidential election candidates&mdash;representing the Libertarian, Green, Constitution, and Justice parties, who were excluded from the high-profile televised encounters between Mitt Romney or Barack Obama&mdash;attend their own presidential debate hosted in Chicago by the Free and Equal Elections Foundation, which hopes for a more transparent and open electoral system. Romney (with the Republican Party) and Obama (with the Democratic Party) refuse invitations to attend the debate, televised on international news channels but on no major U.S. network. ](/news/2012/10/23/four-third-party-u-s-presidential-election-candidates-mdash-representing-the-libertarian-green-constitution-and-justice-parties-who-wer.md) _Context: Democratic, Mitt Romney, Republican_
