### [2017-03-11](/news/2017/03/11/index.md)

#  Dutch authorities withdrew landing permission for a plane carrying Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu, who was due to speak at a Rotterdam rally in support of a 'Yes' vote in April's constitutional referendum. 

Turkey vows a &quot;harsh response&quot; as a diplomatic row with the Netherlands escalates.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-39242707)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-39246392)

### Related:

1. [Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu says Turkey's cooperation with Russia in combating the Islamic State in Syria does not include Russia's use of its Incirlik Air Base, which some have interpreted from his comments yesterday. ](/news/2016/07/4/turkish-foreign-minister-mevla1-4t-aavuaoalu-says-turkey-s-cooperation-with-russia-in-combating-the-islamic-state-in-syria-does-not-include.md) _Context: Foreign Minister, Mevlüt Çavuşoğlu_
2. [Saudi Arabia is sending troops and fighter jets to Turkey's Incirlik Air Base ahead of a planned ground invasion of Syria. Turkey's Minister of Foreign Affairs Mevlut Cavusoglu confirmed the deployment in Adana near the Syria-Turkey border, but said the numbers had not been confirmed. ](/news/2016/02/13/saudi-arabia-is-sending-troops-and-fighter-jets-to-turkey-s-incirlik-air-base-ahead-of-a-planned-ground-invasion-of-syria-turkey-s-minister.md) _Context: Foreign Minister, Mevlüt Çavuşoğlu_
3. [The European Commission, based on the  Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe report, calls on Turkey to launch an investigation into allegations of referendum voting irregularities. ](/news/2017/04/18/the-european-commission-based-on-the-organization-for-security-and-co-operation-in-europe-report-calls-on-turkey-to-launch-an-investigati.md) _Context: Turkish constitutional referendum, 2017_
4. [Voters in Turkey go to the polls for a referendum that seeks to replace the country's parliamentary system with an executive presidency, thereby giving President Recep Tayyip Erdogan sweeping new powers. Erdogan's AK Party has claimed victory while the opposition CHP has said that it will challenge the result. ](/news/2017/04/16/voters-in-turkey-go-to-the-polls-for-a-referendum-that-seeks-to-replace-the-country-s-parliamentary-system-with-an-executive-presidency-the.md) _Context: Turkish constitutional referendum, 2017_
5. [Several people are wounded in clashes outside the Turkish consulate in Brussels. ](/news/2017/03/30/several-people-are-wounded-in-clashes-outside-the-turkish-consulate-in-brussels.md) _Context: Turkish constitutional referendum, 2017_
6. [The Russian ambassador to Turkey Andrei Karlov is killed in a gun attack at an art gallery in Ankara. Russia calls the assassin, 22-year old police officer, Mevlut Mert Altintas, a "terrorist". Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu goes to Moscow for a planned trilateral meeting on Syria, saying "the incident will not impact relations between Turkey and Russia". ](/news/2016/12/19/the-russian-ambassador-to-turkey-andrei-karlov-is-killed-in-a-gun-attack-at-an-art-gallery-in-ankara-russia-calls-the-assassin-22-year-old.md) _Context: Mevlüt Çavuşoğlu_
7. [The European Union and Turkey  agree on broad principles for a plan to ease the migration crisis which includes returning thousands of migrants to Turkey. For this, the EU will swiftly ease visa requirements for Turks and speed up Ankara's EU accession talks. A final agreement is to be ready for next week's two-day EU summit in Brussels, Belgium. ](/news/2016/03/8/the-european-union-and-turkey-agree-on-broad-principles-for-a-plan-to-ease-the-migration-crisis-which-includes-returning-thousands-of-migra.md) _Context: Foreign Minister_
8. [Turkey's Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu accuses Russia of provoking military gestures as a sailor aboard a Russian naval vessel wielded a rocket launcher as the ship passed through the Bosphorous Strait in the wake of Russia's imposing sanctions on Turkey for that country's downing of a Russian aircraft ](/news/2015/12/7/turkeyas-foreign-minister-mevla1-4t-aavuaoalu-accuses-russia-of-provoking-military-gestures-as-a-sailor-aboard-a-russian-naval-vessel-wie.md) _Context: Mevlüt Çavuşoğlu_
9. [Mevlut Cavusoglu, the Turkish Foreign Minister, says that Turkey and the U.S. will launch a "comprehensive" campaign to flush out ISIL from a zone in northern Syria near the border. In effect, this means creating a "security zone" by sending foreign soldiers into Syrian territory. ](/news/2015/08/24/mevla1-4t-aavuaoalu-the-turkish-foreign-minister-says-that-turkey-and-the-u-s-will-launch-a-comprehensive-campaign-to-flush-out-isil-f.md) _Context: Mevlüt Çavuşoğlu_
10. [A 1430's painting in a museum in Rotterdam, "The three Mary's at the tomb", is attributed to Jan van Eyck. ](/news/2012/09/13/a-1430-s-painting-in-a-museum-in-rotterdam-the-three-mary-s-at-the-tomb-is-attributed-to-jan-van-eyck.md) _Context: Rotterdam_
