### [2017-03-11](/news/2017/03/11/index.md)

# Western Australian state election, 2017. After eight years in power, the Liberal Party is defeated by the Labor Party in a landslide election. Mark McGowan is set to become the Australian state's new Premier. 




### Source:

1. [The West Australian](https://thewest.com.au/politics/state-election-2017/labor-romps-to-power-as-mcgowan-is-crowned-wa-premier-ng-b88412658z)

### Related:

1. [ The National Party of Western Australia indicates that it will support the Liberal Party of Australia in forming a minority government in Western Australia. Liberal leader, Colin Barnett, becomes the Premier-elect and incumbent Premier Alan Carpenter of the Australian Labor Party concedes defeat. ](/news/2008/09/14/the-national-party-of-western-australia-indicates-that-it-will-support-the-liberal-party-of-australia-in-forming-a-minority-government-in-w.md) _Context: Labor Party, Liberal Party, Premier_
2. [Australian federal election, 2016. Australians vote to elect a government for the next three years. Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, leader of the conservative Liberal Party-led Coalition, dissolved both houses of Parliament in May in a bid for a Senate more friendly to his agenda. The final result showed the Coalition with a bare 1 seat majority in the House with 76 seats and the Australian Labor Party with 69 seats. ](/news/2016/07/2/australian-federal-election-2016-australians-vote-to-elect-a-government-for-the-next-three-years-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-leader.md) _Context: Labor Party, Liberal Party_
3. [Voters go to the polls in the Australian state of Victoria for a state election. The election sees Labor, led by Daniel Andrews, defeat Denis Napthine's Liberal-National Coalition, the first time a one-term government has lost power in the state since 1955. ](/news/2014/11/29/voters-go-to-the-polls-in-the-australian-state-of-victoria-for-a-state-election-the-election-sees-labor-led-by-daniel-andrews-defeat-deni.md) _Context: Australia, Labor Party_
4. [Voters in the Australian states of Tasmania and South Australia go to the polls for state elections. The Liberal Party led by Will Hodgman have won government in the Tasmanian election while the South Australian election is too close to call. ](/news/2014/03/15/voters-in-the-australian-states-of-tasmania-and-south-australia-go-to-the-polls-for-state-elections-the-liberal-party-led-by-will-hodgman-h.md) _Context: Australia, Liberal Party_
5. [Australian federal election, 2013:. Voters in Australia go to the polls for a federal election with the Liberal-National Coalition Opposition led by Opposition Leader Tony Abbott winning government. ](/news/2013/09/7/australian-federal-election-2013-voters-in-australia-go-to-the-polls-for-a-federal-election-with-the-liberal-national-coalition-oppositio.md) _Context: Australia, Liberal Party_
6. [Legal advice clears Governor-General of Australia Mrs. Quentin Bryce to make a decision on who will be the next Prime Minister of Australia despite family ties to Australian Labor Party powerbroker Bill Shorten. ](/news/2010/08/27/legal-advice-clears-governor-general-of-australia-mrs-quentin-bryce-to-make-a-decision-on-who-will-be-the-next-prime-minister-of-australia.md) _Context: Australia, Labor Party_
7. [ Anna Bligh of the Labor Party is reelected Premier of Queensland, Australia. ](/news/2009/03/21/anna-bligh-of-the-labor-party-is-reelected-premier-of-queensland-australia.md) _Context: Australia, Labor Party_
8. [ Australian federal election, 2007:. The national election in Australia results in a change of government, with the Australian Labor Party securing an electoral swing of more than 5%. Kevin Rudd will take office as 26th Prime Minister of Australia and the outgoing Prime Minister John Howard is also likely to lose his seat in parliament. [http://www.theaustralian.news.com.au/story/0,25197,22814923-601,00.html (The Australian)]. John Howard calls the leader of the Australian Labor Party, Kevin Rudd, on the phone and concedes defeat. ](/news/2007/11/24/australian-federal-election-2007-the-national-election-in-australia-results-in-a-change-of-government-with-the-australian-labor-party-s.md) _Context: Australia, Labor Party_
9. [ Elections in the Australian state of New South Wales sees the Australian Labor Party led by Morris Iemma retain government despite a small swing against it. ](/news/2007/03/24/elections-in-the-australian-state-of-new-south-wales-sees-the-australian-labor-party-led-by-morris-iemma-retain-government-despite-a-small.md) _Context: Australia, Labor Party_
10. [ Australian Prime Minister John Howard criticizes U.S. Senator Barack Obama (D-IL) for his stance on Iraq, saying that al-Qaeda in Iraq should be praying for Obama to win the election. The opposition Australian Labor Party says that Howard's statement imperiled the relationship Australia might have with the United States under a Democratic administration. ](/news/2007/02/12/australian-prime-minister-john-howard-criticizes-u-s-senator-barack-obama-d-il-for-his-stance-on-iraq-saying-that-al-qaeda-in-iraq-shou.md) _Context: Australia, Labor Party_
