### [2015-08-4](/news/2015/08/4/index.md)

# Yemeni Civil War (2015): Saudi-led military intervention in Yemen (2015-present): Roughly 1,500 United Arab Emirates Army troops deploy with tanks and heavy equipment to the strategic southern Yemeni city of Aden which has been the scene of heavy fighting between Houthi militants and fighters loyal to the previous regime of Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi. Previous attempts by the Saudi Arabian Army and Royal Saudi Air Force to defeat the Houthis were unsuccessful. 

Hundreds of Gulf Arab troops from the Saudi-led coalition fighting Iran-backed rebels in Yemen have entered the southern port of Aden, a military source told AFP on Monday. The source said the troops arrived in Yemen&#x27;s second city on Sunday with tanks and armoured vehicles. The Saudi-owned Al-Hayat


### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo](http://news.yahoo.com/hundreds-gulf-arab-troops-enter-yemens-liberated-aden-113146417.html)

### Related:

1. [Yemeni Civil War (2015): Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: Two senior army commanders from Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are killed, including the head of the Saudi Special forces in Yemen, Colonel Abdullah al-Sahyan, along with dozens of Saudi, Emirati, Sudanese and Yemeni coalition troops in a OTR-21 Tochka missile attack by Houthi forces on their base near the city of Taiz in southwestern Yemen. ](/news/2015/12/14/yemeni-civil-war-2015-saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-two-senior-army-commanders-from-saudi-arabia-and-the-united-arab-emirates.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi, Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015), forces_
2. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: The United Arab Emirates pulls its troops out of Yemen amid mounting casualties among its forces battling Shia Houthi militants and rising tensions with local fighters in Aden, southern Yemen, which escalated yesterday when Aden International Airport was stormed by local pro-government gunmen. The airport has now been closed. ](/news/2016/02/24/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-the-united-arab-emirates-pulls-its-troops-out-of-yemen-amid-moun.md) _Context: Aden, Houthi, Yemen, forces_
3. [Yemeni Civil War (2015): A hotel where Vice President of Yemen and Prime Minister Khaled Bahah was staying in Aden which was also being used as a de facto military base by Arab coalition forces is hit by multiple explosions killing at least 15 coalition soldiers. Although the Houthis were first suspected and accused of being behind the attack, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant has since claimed responsibility, marking the first attack on Arab coalition forces in Yemen by the extremist group. ](/news/2015/10/6/yemeni-civil-war-2015-a-hotel-where-vice-president-of-yemen-and-prime-minister-khaled-bahah-was-staying-in-aden-which-was-also-being-used.md) _Context: Aden, Houthi, Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
4. [Yemeni Civil War (2015): Saudi-led coalition airstrikes, targeting Houthi rebels battling pro-government fighters, killed and wounded dozens in the port city of Mocha, according to Yemeni security officials. Around 35 fighters on both sides were killed in the battle over a key military base near the city of Taiz. ](/news/2015/12/8/yemeni-civil-war-2015-saudi-led-coalition-airstrikes-targeting-houthi-rebels-battling-pro-government-fighters-killed-and-wounded-dozens.md) _Context: Houthi, Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
5. [Yemeni Civil War (2015): Jaafar Mohammed Saad, the governor of Yemen's southern Aden Governorate, along with six guards, are killed by a suicide bomber in the port city of Aden. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2015/12/6/yemeni-civil-war-2015-jaafar-mohammed-saad-the-governor-of-yemen-s-southern-aden-governorate-along-with-six-guards-are-killed-by-a-sui.md) _Context: Aden, Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
6. [Yemeni Civil War (2015): Al-Qaeda insurgency in Yemen: Al-Qaeda militants seize control of Zinjibar, capital of Yemen's southern Abyan Governorate, as well as the town of Ja'ar, following fierce clashes with pro-Hadi government forces. ](/news/2015/12/2/yemeni-civil-war-2015-al-qaeda-insurgency-in-yemen-al-qaeda-militants-seize-control-of-zinjibar-capital-of-yemen-s-southern-abyan-gover.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
7. [Yemeni Civil War (2015): Pro-Hadi government forces backed by Arab coalition air and naval forces, seize control of the Hanish Islands off the coast of Yemen, near the strategic Bab-el-Mandeb strait from troops loyal to former president Ali Abdullah Saleh. The islands have been subject to heavy shelling by coalition forces for weeks according to local fishermen. ](/news/2015/12/10/yemeni-civil-war-2015-pro-hadi-government-forces-backed-by-arab-coalition-air-and-naval-forces-seize-control-of-the-hanish-islands-off-t.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
8. [Yemeni Civil War (2015): Houthi forces regain several positions across southern Yemen after launching a fresh offensive against loyalist and coalition forces. In Lahij province, which borders Aden, Houthi forces are now positioned on a hill overlooking the strategic Al Anad Air Base, which houses Sudanese forces. The Houthis also retook the Damt District in the Dhale province after besieging it for hours, at least 16 people were killed in the clashes. ](/news/2015/11/8/yemeni-civil-war-2015-houthi-forces-regain-several-positions-across-southern-yemen-after-launching-a-fresh-offensive-against-loyalist-and.md) _Context: Houthi, Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
9. [Yemeni Civil War (2015): The United Arab Emirates has recruited several hundred Central and South American mercenaries to fight the Houthis in Yemen. ](/news/2015/11/25/yemeni-civil-war-2015-the-united-arab-emirates-has-recruited-several-hundred-central-and-south-american-mercenaries-to-fight-the-houthis.md) _Context: Houthi, Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
10. [Yemeni Civil War: Houthi militants blow up several bridges in Yemen's southwestern Taiz Governorate to halt the advance of pro-Hadi government forces. ](/news/2015/11/24/yemeni-civil-war-houthi-militants-blow-up-several-bridges-in-yemen-s-southwestern-taiz-governorate-to-halt-the-advance-of-pro-hadi-governme.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Houthi, Yemen_
