### [2011-05-6](/news/2011/05/6/index.md)

# Former US baseball player Lenny Dykstra is indicted on 13 counts of bankruptcy fraud. 

Remember how Lenny Dykstra was arrested for bankruptcy fraud? Yeah, he&#8217;s indicted now. Thirteen counts, reports CNBC&#8217;s Darren Rovell. If he is convicted on all counts he faces 80 year…


### Source:

1. [NBC Sports](http://hardballtalk.nbcsports.com/2011/05/06/lenny-dykstra-indicted-on-thirteen-counts-of-bankruptcy-fraud/)

### Related:

1. [Avigdor Lieberman resigns as the Israeli Foreign Affairs Minister and as Deputy Prime Minister following an indictment for fraud. ](/news/2012/12/14/avigdor-lieberman-resigns-as-the-israeli-foreign-affairs-minister-and-as-deputy-prime-minister-following-an-indictment-for-fraud.md) _Context: fraud, indicted_
2. [ Cloning scientist Hwang Woo-Suk is indicted for fraud, embezzlement and violation of bioethics law in a scandal in South Korea over his faked stem cell research. ](/news/2006/05/12/cloning-scientist-hwang-woo-suk-is-indicted-for-fraud-embezzlement-and-violation-of-bioethics-law-in-a-scandal-in-south-korea-over-his-fak.md) _Context: fraud, indicted_
3. [ A federal grand jury in Providence, Rhode Island indicts Richard Hatch, winner of "Survivor: Pulau Tiga", for income tax evasion and fraud for allegedly failing to pay taxes on his winnings and misusing charity funds. ](/news/2005/09/9/a-federal-grand-jury-in-providence-rhode-island-indicts-richard-hatch-winner-of-survivor-pulau-tiga-for-income-tax-evasion-and-fraud.md) _Context: fraud, indicted_
4. [Aftermath of the Mamasapano clash: Former President of the Philippines Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III is indicted (among others) by the Office of the Ombudsman for his failure in handling the 2015 Mamasapano clash, which resulted in the deaths of 44 members of the Special Action Forces of the Philippine National Police. Aquino's legal team has vowed to appeal for a motion for reconsideration; as well as the group Volunteers Against Crime and Corruption (representing the victims' families), against what they call a "weak case" (citing Aquino's charges of "graft" & "usurpation of authority", instead of "reckless imprudence resulting in multiple homicide") ](/news/2017/07/14/aftermath-of-the-mamasapano-clash-former-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-noynoy-aquino-iii-is-indicted-among-others-by-the-office.md) _Context: indicted_
5. [Princess Cristina of Spain is acquitted of fraud but her husband is convicted. ](/news/2017/02/17/princess-cristina-of-spain-is-acquitted-of-fraud-but-her-husband-is-convicted.md) _Context: fraud_
6. [Bonanza Creek Energy says it plans to file for bankruptcy on or by January 5, 2017 and hopes to exit the process quickly, within the first quarter. ](/news/2016/12/23/bonanza-creek-energy-says-it-plans-to-file-for-bankruptcy-on-or-by-january-5-2017-and-hopes-to-exit-the-process-quickly-within-the-first-q.md) _Context: bankruptcy_
7. [2016 South Korean political scandal: An interim report by South Korean prosecutors implicates President Park Geun-hye in a political scandal involving her close friend Choi Soon-sil. Three people have been indicted in relation to the scandal. President Park cannot be indicted due to a constitutional provision preventing a sitting President being indicted except for treason or insurrection. ](/news/2016/11/20/2016-south-korean-political-scandal-an-interim-report-by-south-korean-prosecutors-implicates-president-park-geun-hye-in-a-political-scandal.md) _Context: indicted_
8. [The Obama administration through federal prosecutors announces corruption charges against nine defendants, including a former close aide to New York Governor Andrew Cuomo, over their roles in alleged bribery and fraud schemes tied to the awarding of large state contracts and other activities. ](/news/2016/09/22/the-obama-administration-through-federal-prosecutors-announces-corruption-charges-against-nine-defendants-including-a-former-close-aide-to.md) _Context: fraud_
9. [A collection of environmental groups including the Sierra Club file a brief opposing the Arch Coal plan to exit from bankruptcy. ](/news/2016/06/2/a-collection-of-environmental-groups-including-the-sierra-club-file-a-brief-opposing-the-arch-coal-plan-to-exit-from-bankruptcy.md) _Context: bankruptcy_
10. [A man, who fell from the upper deck of Atlanta's Turner Field during Saturday night's Braves-New York Yankees baseball game, dies. ](/news/2015/08/29/a-man-who-fell-from-the-upper-deck-of-atlanta-s-turner-field-during-saturday-night-s-braves-new-york-yankees-baseball-game-dies.md) _Context: baseball game_
