### [2011-05-6](/news/2011/05/6/index.md)

# Two Montana residents sue American author Greg Mortenson and his Central Asia Institute for alleged fabrications in his book "Three Cups of Tea". 

Lawsuit alleges Greg Mortenson, his charity committed fraud by inducing 2 lawmakers to donate, buy book


### Source:

1. [AP via CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/stories/2011/05/06/national/main20060580.shtml#ixzz1Lbg9OOqA)
1. [Cover Image](http://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/2011/04/20/5185e795-a644-11e2-a3f0-029118418759/Greg-Mortenson_110420.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Montana congressman Greg Gianforte apologizes to journalist Ben Jacobs for the alleged body slam incident that occurred on May 24, and donates US$50,000 to the Committee to Protect Journalists. ](/news/2017/06/8/montana-congressman-greg-gianforte-apologizes-to-journalist-ben-jacobs-for-the-alleged-body-slam-incident-that-occurred-on-may-24-and-donat.md) _Context: Montana_
2. [Voters in Montana pick between Republican Greg Gianforte and Democrat Rob Quist in the special congressional election to replace Ryan Zinke, who is now President Trump's Secretary of the Interior. ](/news/2017/05/25/voters-in-montana-pick-between-republican-greg-gianforte-and-democrat-rob-quist-in-the-special-congressional-election-to-replace-ryan-zinke.md) _Context: Montana_
3. [U.S. federal health officials are investigating an outbreak of deadly E. coli bacteria that has sickened 19 people in California, Colorado, Missouri, Montana, Utah, Virginia, and Washington. Preliminary evidence suggests that rotisserie chicken salad made and sold in Costco Wholesale stores is the likely source. This follows a totally unrelated outbreak earlier this month connected to Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants. Those restaurants have been cleaned, new ingredients ordered, and have been reopened. The Costco E. coli 157 strain, which has caused five people to be hospitalized- two of which developed hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS; which can readily lead to acute renal failure and sepsis), is more dangerous than the Chipotle E. coli 026 strain, though there have been no deaths yet. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-federal-health-officials-are-investigating-an-outbreak-of-deadly-e-coli-bacteria-that-has-sickened-19-people-in-california-colorado.md) _Context: Montana_
4. [Brian Schweitzer, the Governor of the US state of Montana declares a state of emergency in counties affected by an oil spill in the Yellowstone River. ](/news/2011/07/5/brian-schweitzer-the-governor-of-the-us-state-of-montana-declares-a-state-of-emergency-in-counties-affected-by-an-oil-spill-in-the-yellowst.md) _Context: Montana_
5. [ExxonMobil workers attempt to contain an oil spill on the Yellowstone River in the US state of Montana. ](/news/2011/07/2/exxonmobil-workers-attempt-to-contain-an-oil-spill-on-the-yellowstone-river-in-the-us-state-of-montana.md) _Context: Montana_
6. [260 miles (420 km) of the Missouri River are closed to boaters as residents of the US states of Iowa, Nebraska and Missouri continue to prepare for heavy flooding, with rain in Montana making the situation worse. ](/news/2011/06/8/260-miles-420-km-of-the-missouri-river-are-closed-to-boaters-as-residents-of-the-us-states-of-iowa-nebraska-and-missouri-continue-to-prep.md) _Context: Montana_
7. [ A Pilatus PC-12 crashes near Butte, Montana, killing at least 17 people. ](/news/2009/03/22/a-pilatus-pc-12-crashes-near-butte-montana-killing-at-least-17-people.md) _Context: Montana_
8. [ Montana Senator Conrad Burns concedes his U.S. Senate race to Jon Tester. ](/news/2006/11/9/montana-senator-conrad-burns-concedes-his-u-s-senate-race-to-jon-tester.md) _Context: Montana_
9. [ Senator John Kerry concedes to President George W. Bush "The outcome should be decided by voters, not a protracted legal process", Kerry said. "I would not give up if there was a chance we could prevail." [http://reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6703896 (Reuters)] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/3980533.stm (BBC)] Republican President George W. Bush wins the popular vote, receiving 3.58 million more votes than Democratic Senator John Kerry. (51.6% to 48.4%, 59.0 million to 55.4 million) Claiming victory in the swing state of Ohio, Bush will probably have more than the 270 votes needed when the U.S. Electoral College meets on December 13. [http://www.cnn.com/ELECTION/2004/ (CNN)] The Republican Party widens its majority in the Senate and House of Representatives. Democratic Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle concedes defeat to Republican challenger John Thune, thus becoming the first Senate leader in 52 years to lose a re-election bid and leaving the leadership of the Democratic Party in the Senate open. [http://www.cnn.com/2004/ALLPOLITICS/11/02/senate.main/index.html (CNN)] The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) reports that on November 2, touch-screen electronic voting machines in at least six U.S. states had incorrectly recorded their choices, including for the presidential election. Incorrectly recorded votes make up roughly 20 percent of the e-voting problems. [http://www.eff.org/news/archives/2004_11.php#002062 (EFF)] Same-sex marriage in the United States: Gay rights activists suffer a severe setback when state constitutional amendments prohibiting same-sex marriage are passed in eleven states: Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, Michigan, Mississippi, Montana, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, Oregon, and Utah. The measures in Oregon, Mississippi, and Montana ban same-sex marriage only, while Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, and Utah ban both same-sex marriage and civil unions and Michigan bans granting any benefits whatsoever to same-sex couples. ](/news/2004/11/3/senator-john-kerry-concedes-to-president-george-w-bush-the-outcome-should-be-decided-by-voters-not-a-protracted-legal-process-kerry-sa.md) _Context: Montana_
10. [ Missouri votes to ban same-sex marriage through a state constitutional amendment. The amendment passes with 72% of the vote. Louisiana will vote on the same issue September 18, followed by Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, Mississippi, Montana, Oklahoma, Oregon, and Utah on November 2. ](/news/2004/08/3/missouri-votes-to-ban-same-sex-marriage-through-a-state-constitutional-amendment-the-amendment-passes-with-72-of-the-vote-louisiana-will.md) _Context: Montana_
