### [2014-03-13](/news/2014/03/13/index.md)

# At least 100 rockets have been fired from Gaza into southern Israel over the last 3 days, with the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine claiming responsibility. The IDF responded by shelling two alleged PIJ targets. 

Islamic Jihad takes responsibly for attack; no injuries reported; Iron Dome intercepts 3 rockets; Israeli tanks shell 2 terror infrastructure targets in response.


### Source:

1. [J Post](http://www.jpost.com/Defense/Barrage-of-rockets-fired-from-Gaza-into-southern-Israel-345151)

### Related:

1. [Operation Pillar of Defense:: Israeli air strikes kill at least 20 Palestinians in the Gaza Strip including Islamic Jihad members, while over 130 rockets are fired towards Israel injuring several, amid ceasefire talks in Egypt. ](/news/2012/11/19/operation-pillar-of-defense-israeli-air-strikes-kill-at-least-20-palestinians-in-the-gaza-strip-including-islamic-jihad-members-while-ove.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel_
2. [Palestinian militants fire a barrage of rockets into southern Israel following an Israel Air Force strike that killed two Islamic Jihad gunmen; IAF strikes at militant targets in Gaza have killed six Palestinians since yesterday. ](/news/2012/06/19/palestinian-militants-fire-a-barrage-of-rockets-into-southern-israel-following-an-israel-air-force-strike-that-killed-two-islamic-jihad-gunm.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel_
3. [Islamic Jihad militants in the Gaza Strip fire ten mortars at the Eshkol, Sha'ar Hanegev region, and Grad rockets at the Israeli cities of Ashkelon and Beersheba; one person is injured in Beersheba. ](/news/2011/03/23/islamic-jihad-militants-in-the-gaza-strip-fire-ten-mortars-at-the-eshkol-sha-ar-hanegev-region-and-grad-rockets-at-the-israeli-cities-of-a.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel_
4. [Israel:: An Islamic Jihad terrorist is killed when three men who approached an Israeli security fence from the Gaza Strip are fired upon by Israel Defense Forces tanks. ](/news/2010/10/27/israel-an-islamic-jihad-terrorist-is-killed-when-three-men-who-approached-an-israeli-security-fence-from-the-gaza-strip-are-fired-upon-by.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel_
5. [Three Palestinians said to be members of the Islamic Jihad group are killed in an Israeli air strike on the southern part of the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2010/09/27/three-palestinians-said-to-be-members-of-the-islamic-jihad-group-are-killed-in-an-israeli-air-strike-on-the-southern-part-of-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel_
6. [Two Palestinian militants of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine are killed and another six wounded by Israeli shelling as they approached the Gaza Strip-Israel border near Beit Hanoun. A ten-year-old girl is also wounded. ](/news/2010/07/21/two-palestinian-militants-of-the-islamic-jihad-movement-in-palestine-are-killed-and-another-six-wounded-by-israeli-shelling-as-they-approach.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel_
7. [Three Palestinian Islamic Jihad operatives are killed while firing mortars into Israel from Gaza. ](/news/2010/01/10/three-palestinian-islamic-jihad-operatives-are-killed-while-firing-mortars-into-israel-from-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel_
8. [ Israeli troops and airstrike kill four militants in an incursion into the Gaza Strip including three members of Islamic Jihad and one Hamas member. ](/news/2007/07/26/israeli-troops-and-airstrike-kill-four-militants-in-an-incursion-into-the-gaza-strip-including-three-members-of-islamic-jihad-and-one-hamas.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel_
9. [ The Palestinian Journalist Syndicate criticizes Islamic Jihad militants for using a vehicle marked with a "TV" sign to approach Gaza's frontier border with Israel in an attempt to kidnap an Israel Defense Forces soldier from a position across the border. ](/news/2007/06/10/the-palestinian-journalist-syndicate-criticizes-islamic-jihad-militants-for-using-a-vehicle-marked-with-a-tv-sign-to-approach-gaza-s-fron.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel_
10. [ Israeli helicopters fire at least two missiles into the northern Gaza Strip. The missile killed a Palestinian militant "while mounting an operation near the border" in a statement released by Islamic Jihad. ](/news/2007/04/7/israeli-helicopters-fire-at-least-two-missiles-into-the-northern-gaza-strip-the-missile-killed-a-palestinian-militant-while-mounting-an-o.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel_
