### [2004-12-29](/news/2004/12/29/index.md)

#  Arab-Israeli Conflict: The Knesset passes a law against terrorism and against support of terrorism. The controversial law prohibits funding terrorists. It also prohibits aiding the families of perceived terrorists and institutes inciting for terrorism. The law will give Israel the right to confiscate property and funds of any perceived terrorist organization, even though if they do not target Israel or Israelis. The law is part of the state's legal war against terrorism and was approved 62-6. 




### Source:

1. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/520764.html)

### Related:

1. [The Israeli Knesset approves an amendment to the Nationality Law in a 37-11 vote. The amendment empowers the Israeli court system to revoke the citizenships of Israeli citizens convicted of terrorism, aiding the enemy in wartime, causing war, serving in enemy forces or espionage.](/news/2011/03/29/the-israeli-knesset-approves-an-amendment-to-the-nationality-law-in-a-37-11-vote-the-amendment-empowers-the-israeli-court-system-to-revoke.md) _Context: Israel, parliament in Israel, terrorism_
2. [ War on Terrorism: Israel states that an "unwritten and abstract" axis with India and the United States has been created to combat international terrorism and make the world a more secure place for all.](/news/2003/09/10/war-on-terrorism-israel-states-that-an-unwritten-and-abstract-axis-with-india-and-the-united-states-has-been-created-to-combat-internati.md) _Context: Israel, War on Terrorism, terrorism_
3. [ A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-two-other-passengers-are-injured-a-pa.md) _Context: Israel, terrorism_
4. [Israel's Supreme Court blocks the government's plan, signed last December by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu with the U.S. Noble Energy and the Israeli Delek Group companies, to develop Israel's offshore gas deposits. The court found the so-called "stability clause," that would prevent Israel from making significant regulatory changes for the next 10 years, undemocratically restricts the Knesset's power. The government has one year to come up with an alternative arrangement or the plan will be canceled. ](/news/2016/03/27/israel-s-supreme-court-blocks-the-government-s-plan-signed-last-december-by-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-with-the-u-s-noble-energy-an.md) _Context: Israel, parliament in Israel_
5. [The Israeli Knesset votes to dissolve itself with new elections called for March 17. ](/news/2014/12/8/the-israeli-knesset-votes-to-dissolve-itself-with-new-elections-called-for-march-17.md) _Context: Israel, parliament in Israel_
6. [The Israeli parliament- the Knesset votes to dissolve the government and hold early election on March 17. ](/news/2014/12/3/the-israeli-parliament-the-knesset-votes-to-dissolve-the-government-and-hold-early-election-on-march-17.md) _Context: Israel, parliament in Israel_
7. [The alliance between the Israel's right-wing parties Likud and Yisrael Beiteinu is dissolved, reducing the ruling party's share of seats in the Knesset to just 20 out of 120. ](/news/2014/07/7/the-alliance-between-the-israel-s-right-wing-parties-likud-and-yisrael-beiteinu-is-dissolved-reducing-the-ruling-party-s-share-of-seats-in.md) _Context: Israel, parliament in Israel_
8. [Former Prime Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, is buried on his ranch in southern Israel following a state funeral at the Knesset attended by foreign dignitaries and Israelis. ](/news/2014/01/14/former-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-is-buried-on-his-ranch-in-southern-israel-following-a-state-funeral-at-the-knesset-attended-b.md) _Context: Israel, parliament in Israel_
9. [In anticipation of upcoming elections, the Israeli Knesset has been unanimously dissolved. ](/news/2012/10/16/in-anticipation-of-upcoming-elections-the-israeli-knesset-has-been-unanimously-dissolved.md) _Context: Israel, parliament in Israel_
10. [The Israeli Knesset passes a new law which requires the state to fine local authorities and other state-funded bodies for denying Israel as Jewish, democratic state or supporting racism, armed resistance against Israel, or desecrating the state flag or national symbols, including holding events marking Nakba Day.](/news/2011/03/23/the-israeli-knesset-passes-a-new-law-which-requires-the-state-to-fine-local-authorities-and-other-state-funded-bodies-for-denying-israel-as.md) _Context: Israel, parliament in Israel_
