### [2003-03-5](/news/2003/03/5/index.md)

#  Belize's People's United Party returned to office, 22-7, in 2003 legislative elections.




### Related:

1. [Hurricane Earl makes landfall in Belize near Belize City early today. ](/news/2016/08/4/hurricane-earl-makes-landfall-in-belize-near-belize-city-early-today.md) _Context: Belize_
2. [ Tropical Storm Earl, now about 265 miles (425 km) east-southeast of Belize City with top sustained winds of 70 mph (110 KM/H), becomes Hurricane Earl that could produce up to 16 inches of rain by the time it hits Belize. On Sunday, then a tropical wave, Earl was responsible for nine deaths, with four people still missing, in the Dominican Republic. ](/news/2016/08/3/tropical-storm-earl-now-about-265-miles-425-km-east-southeast-of-belize-city-with-top-sustained-winds-of-70-mph-110-km-h-becomes-hurr.md) _Context: Belize_
3. [Belize accuses Guatemala of "amassing" troops on the disputed Belize-Guatemala border following the death of a teenage Guatemalan boy in a shooting incident apparently involving Belize Defence Force soldiers. Guatemalan President Jimmy Morales called the shooting a "cowardly and excessive attack" that merits the "total condemnation of the Guatemalan state". ](/news/2016/04/22/belize-accuses-guatemala-of-amassing-troops-on-the-disputed-belizeaguatemala-border-following-the-death-of-a-teenage-guatemalan-boy-in-a.md) _Context: Belize_
4. [Belizean Prime Minister Dean Barrow wins a record third term in Wednesday's snap general election in the Central American nation as his United Democratic Party (UDP) gains a clear majority in parliament. The UDP won 19 constituencies and Francis Fonseca's People's United Party (PUP) took 10, with two constituencies yet to report. Belize is a parliamentary constitutional monarchy with Queen Elizabeth II, the symbolic head of state. ](/news/2015/11/5/belizean-prime-minister-dean-barrow-wins-a-record-third-term-in-wednesday-s-snap-general-election-in-the-central-american-nation-as-his-unit.md) _Context: People's United Party_
5. [Voters in Belize go to the polls with the United Democratic Party led by Dean Barrow hoping for a third consecutive term. ](/news/2015/11/4/voters-in-belize-go-to-the-polls-with-the-united-democratic-party-led-by-dean-barrow-hoping-for-a-third-consecutive-term.md) _Context: Belize_
6. [A 2,300-year-old Mayan pyramid at Nohmul in Belize is destroyed by a construction company seeking road fill gravel. ](/news/2013/05/13/a-2-300-year-old-mayan-pyramid-at-nohmul-in-belize-is-destroyed-by-a-construction-company-seeking-road-fill-gravel.md) _Context: Belize_
7. [American businessman John McAfee is arrested in Guatemala following an alleged illegal entry after leaving Belize where he is wanted for questioning over the death of fellow American Gregory Faull. ](/news/2012/12/5/american-businessman-john-mcafee-is-arrested-in-guatemala-following-an-alleged-illegal-entry-after-leaving-belize-where-he-is-wanted-for-que.md) _Context: Belize_
8. [American businessman John McAfee is deported from Guatemala to the United States despite being wanted for questioning in Belize. ](/news/2012/12/12/american-businessman-john-mcafee-is-deported-from-guatemala-to-the-united-states-despite-being-wanted-for-questioning-in-belize.md) _Context: Belize_
9. [Mexican Drug War: The United States freezes the assets of three Belize-based associates of Mexico's top drug lord, Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman. ](/news/2012/08/7/mexican-drug-war-the-united-states-freezes-the-assets-of-three-belize-based-associates-of-mexico-s-top-drug-lord-joaquan-el-chapo-guzma.md) _Context: Belize_
10. [Tropical Storm Harvey is expected to cross the coast of Belize with a tropical storm watch in place for Guatemala and parts of Honduras. ](/news/2011/08/20/tropical-storm-harvey-is-expected-to-cross-the-coast-of-belize-with-a-tropical-storm-watch-in-place-for-guatemala-and-parts-of-honduras.md) _Context: Belize_
