### [2003-03-5](/news/2003/03/5/index.md)

#  Iraq disarmament crisis: The foreign ministers of France, Germany and Russia indicate that they will oppose any UN Security Council proposals that would authorize war with Iraq.




### Related:

1. [ Iraq disarmament crisis: In an interview on BBC Radio 4, Clare Short, a member of Tony Blair's cabinet, describes his stance on Iraq as "deeply reckless", and says she would resign if he committed the UK to war without an unambiguous mandate from the United Nations.](/news/2003/03/9/iraq-disarmament-crisis-in-an-interview-on-bbc-radio-4-clare-short-a-member-of-tony-blair-s-cabinet-describes-his-stance-on-iraq-as-de.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraq disarmament crisis_
2. [ Iraq disarmament crisis: Hans Blix reports to the UN Security Council citing Iraq's increased but qualified cooperation.](/news/2003/03/7/iraq-disarmament-crisis-hans-blix-reports-to-the-un-security-council-citing-iraq-s-increased-but-qualified-cooperation.md) _Context: Iraq disarmament crisis, UN Security Council_
3. [ Iraq disarmament crisis: UK newspaper "The Times" reports that the United Nations secretly drawn up a plan to establish a post-war government in Iraq. Although no consensus have reached among UN Security Council members in regard to military action, the document indicates that UN leaders may now consider war all but inevitable.](/news/2003/03/5/iraq-disarmament-crisis-uk-newspaper-the-times-reports-that-the-united-nations-secretly-drawn-up-a-plan-to-establish-a-post-war-governme.md) _Context: Iraq, UN Security Council_
4. [ Iraq disarmament crisis: Japanese prime minister Junichiro Koizumi said that he supports the U.S., U.K., and Spain for ending diplomatic efforts against Iraq. He also indicates no further UN resolution is necessary to invade Iraq.](/news/2003/03/17/iraq-disarmament-crisis-japanese-prime-minister-junichiro-koizumi-said-that-he-supports-the-u-s-u-k-and-spain-for-ending-diplomatic-ef.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraq disarmament crisis_
5. [ Iraq disarmament crisis: Key documents presented as evidence that the US should invade Iraq are revealed as forgeries. The documents stated that Niger was selling 500 tons of uranium to Iraq. One, dated 2000, was on stationery from the military government of the 1980s and referred to a foreign minister who had not been in power for 14 years; another bore a signature of the president of Niger that was an obvious fake. Iraq's supposed acquisition of African uranium was a feature in Colin Powell's speech to the UN Security Council in February and in George W. Bush's State of the Union Address. Senator John Rockefeller asked the FBI to investigate the origin of the documents. Rockefeller expressed concern that the forgeries "may be part of a larger deception campaign aimed at manipulating public opinion and foreign policy regarding Iraq."](/news/2003/03/14/iraq-disarmament-crisis-key-documents-presented-as-evidence-that-the-us-should-invade-iraq-are-revealed-as-forgeries-the-documents-stated.md) _Context: Iraq disarmament crisis, UN Security Council_
6. [ Iraq disarmament crisis: British and U.S. forces carry out bombing raids, attempting to disable Iraq's air defense network.](/news/2001/02/16/iraq-disarmament-crisis-british-and-u-s-forces-carry-out-bombing-raids-attempting-to-disable-iraq-s-air-defense-network.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraq disarmament crisis_
7. [Seven people are killed and 13 are injured after suicide bombers hit a state-run power station near the northern city of Samarra, Iraq. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/09/2/seven-people-are-killed-and-13-are-injured-after-suicide-bombers-hit-a-state-run-power-station-near-the-northern-city-of-samarra-iraq-the.md) _Context: Iraq_
8. [U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District of Michigan, Mark A. Goldsmith, halts for 90 days the mass deportation from the United States of more than 1,400 Iraqi nationals, including Chaldean Christians, to allow the plaintiffs time to appeal their cases. The American Civil Liberties Union petitioned for the injunction stating these people would face persecution in Iraq where they are considered ethnic and religious minorities. ](/news/2017/07/24/u-s-district-judge-for-the-eastern-district-of-michigan-mark-a-goldsmith-halts-for-90-days-the-mass-deportation-from-the-united-states-o.md) _Context: Iraq_
9. [The number of people displaced globally totals 65.6 million after an addition of 10.3 million people displaced in 2016. Syria, Colombia, Afghanistan, Iraq and South Sudan are the countries in the top five. ](/news/2017/06/19/the-number-of-people-displaced-globally-totals-65-6-million-after-an-addition-of-10-3-million-people-displaced-in-2016-syria-colombia-afg.md) _Context: Iraq_
10. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: Iraq_
