### [2003-03-5](/news/2003/03/5/index.md)

#  Saudi Arabia deploys 3,300 troops to Kuwait in preparation for a potential Iraq conflict.




### Related:

1. [Saudi Arabia tells its partners in the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries that it will not attend a planned November 28 meeting in Vienna, out of unhappiness about intransigence from Iraq and Iran with regard to production cuts. ](/news/2016/11/25/saudi-arabia-tells-its-partners-in-the-organization-of-petroleum-exporting-countries-that-it-will-not-attend-a-planned-november-28-meeting-i.md) _Context: Iraq, Saudi Arabia_
2. [At least 14 people are killed after Saudi-led coalition airstrikes hit a food factory in Yemen's capital Sana'a. The airstrikes come just days after the suspension of inconclusive peace talks in Kuwait. ](/news/2016/08/9/at-least-14-people-are-killed-after-saudi-led-coalition-airstrikes-hit-a-food-factory-in-yemen-s-capital-sana-a-the-airstrikes-come-just-da.md) _Context: Kuwait, Saudi Arabia_
3. [United States President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Iraq, Saudi Arabia_
4. [The Gulf Cooperation Council formally designates Lebanon's Hezbollah militia a terrorist organization. The GCC member states are Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates. ](/news/2016/03/2/the-gulf-cooperation-council-formally-designates-lebanon-s-hezbollah-militia-a-terrorist-organization-the-gcc-member-states-are-bahrain-ku.md) _Context: Kuwait, Saudi Arabia_
5. [The delegation from Saudi Arabia departed from the meeting of the Arab League, offended by remarks of the Foreign Minister of Iraq, Ibrahim al-Jaafari, an indication of increasing tension among Arab states. ](/news/2016/03/11/the-delegation-from-saudi-arabia-departed-from-the-meeting-of-the-arab-league-offended-by-remarks-of-the-foreign-minister-of-iraq-ibrahim.md) _Context: Iraq, Saudi Arabia_
6. [Qatar and Kuwait join Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates in asking its citizens to leave or avoid travel to Lebanon. ](/news/2016/02/24/qatar-and-kuwait-join-saudi-arabia-bahrain-and-the-united-arab-emirates-in-asking-its-citizens-to-leave-or-avoid-travel-to-lebanon.md) _Context: Kuwait, Saudi Arabia_
7. [Two Sunni mosques are bombed in central Iraq and a muezzin is killed amid fears of renewals of sectarian strife following Saudi Arabia's execution of Shi'ite cleric Nimr al-Nimr in Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2016/01/4/two-sunni-mosques-are-bombed-in-central-iraq-and-a-muezzin-is-killed-amid-fears-of-renewals-of-sectarian-strife-following-saudi-arabia-s-exe.md) _Context: Iraq, Saudi Arabia_
8. [About 100 men in more than 50 machine gun-mounted trucks kidnap at least 26 Qataris, including members of the royal family, from a hunting camp in Iraq near the Saudi border. ](/news/2015/12/16/about-100-men-in-more-than-50-machine-gun-mounted-trucks-kidnap-at-least-26-qataris-including-members-of-the-royal-family-from-a-hunting-c.md) _Context: Iraq, Saudi Arabia_
9. [Kuwait claims that the suicide bomber responsible for the attack that killed 27 people was Fahd Suleiman Abdulmohsen al-Qaba'a, a citizen of Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2015/06/28/kuwait-claims-that-the-suicide-bomber-responsible-for-the-attack-that-killed-27-people-was-fahd-suleiman-abdulmohsen-al-qaba-a-a-citizen-of.md) _Context: Kuwait, Saudi Arabia_
10. [Two militants, one wearing a suicide vest, kill two Saudi Arabian border guards and a general near the border with Iraq. ](/news/2015/01/5/two-militants-one-wearing-a-suicide-vest-kill-two-saudi-arabian-border-guards-and-a-general-near-the-border-with-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq, Saudi Arabia_
