### [2003-03-5](/news/2003/03/5/index.md)

#  The chairman of the United States Senate subcommittee on East Asian and Pacific affairs said United Nation Security Council should debate the issue about abduction of Japanese citizens by North Korea as a question of human rights.




### Related:

1. [The United Nations General Assembly humanitarian committee adopts, by a 112&ndash;19 vote (with 50 abstentions), a resolution that condemns North Korea for gross violations of human rights and supports referring the country and its leaders to the International Criminal Court in The Hague. The resolution will be sent to the full General Assembly, where it is expected to pass, given the committee vote. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-united-nations-general-assembly-humanitarian-committee-adopts-by-a-112-ndash-19-vote-with-50-abstentions-a-resolution-that-condemns.md) _Context: Human rights, North Korea_
2. [North Korea says that it will respond "very strongly" to a conference held in Washington, D.C. about human rights abuses. ](/news/2015/02/17/north-korea-says-that-it-will-respond-very-strongly-to-a-conference-held-in-washington-d-c-about-human-rights-abuses.md) _Context: Human rights, North Korea_
3. [Eleven (11) of 15 United Nations Security Council members approve placing North Korea's human rights record on the Council's agenda. Russia and China oppose the decision while Chad and Nigeria abstain. This is the first time this issue has been debated by the Security Council. Procedurally, once a topic makes the agenda, that issue can be brought up again at any time. ](/news/2014/12/22/eleven-11-of-15-united-nations-security-council-members-approve-placing-north-korea-s-human-rights-record-on-the-council-s-agenda-russia.md) _Context: Human rights, North Korea_
4. [ North Korea revises its constitution, removing all references to communism, while mentioning human rights for the first time, as well as stating Kim Jong-il as its "Supreme Leader". ](/news/2009/09/28/north-korea-revises-its-constitution-removing-all-references-to-communism-while-mentioning-human-rights-for-the-first-time-as-well-as-st.md) _Context: Human rights, North Korea_
5. [ The South Korean government decides to vote for a resolution on North Korean human rights violations in the United Nations Human Rights Council. ](/news/2008/03/26/the-south-korean-government-decides-to-vote-for-a-resolution-on-north-korean-human-rights-violations-in-the-united-nations-human-rights-cou.md) _Context: Human rights, North Korea_
6. [ The non-governmental organization Freedom House ranks Burma, Cuba, Libya, North Korea, Sudan, Syria, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan as the worst violators of human rights. FH also cited Tibet and Chechnya as areas of intense repression. ](/news/2006/09/8/the-non-governmental-organization-freedom-house-ranks-burma-cuba-libya-north-korea-sudan-syria-turkmenistan-and-uzbekistan-as-the-wo.md) _Context: Human rights, North Korea_
7. [The Philippines suspends trade relations with North Korea to comply with a recent United Nations Security Council resolution over its repeated missile tests. ](/news/2017/09/8/the-philippines-suspends-trade-relations-with-north-korea-to-comply-with-a-recent-united-nations-security-council-resolution-over-its-repeat.md) _Context: North Korea_
8. [Mexico expels the ambassador of North Korea in the country over the recent nuclear weapons testing. ](/news/2017/09/7/mexico-expels-the-ambassador-of-north-korea-in-the-country-over-the-recent-nuclear-weapons-testing.md) _Context: North Korea_
9. [A 6.3 magnitude earthquake is detected near the Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site in Kilju County, North Korea, after North Korea tests its sixth and most powerful nuclear weapon to date. North Korean state media claims the country tested a hydrogen bomb that can be fitted on an ICBM. ](/news/2017/09/3/a-6-3-magnitude-earthquake-is-detected-near-the-punggye-ri-nuclear-test-site-in-kilju-county-north-korea-after-north-korea-tests-its-sixth.md) _Context: North Korea_
10. [The United Nations Security Council approves new sanctions on North Korea, limiting refined petroleum imports and banning textile exports, in response to its recent nuclear test. ](/news/2017/09/11/the-united-nations-security-council-approves-new-sanctions-on-north-korea-limiting-refined-petroleum-imports-and-banning-textile-exports-i.md) _Context: North Korea_
