### [2002-10-12](/news/2002/10/12/index.md)

#  2002 Bali bombings: A car-bomb on the Indonesian island of Bali explodes outside a nightclub killing at least 182 people, 75% of whom are said to have been foreign holidaymakers. Another 210 people are said to have been injured. The principal suspects for this terrorist incident are a group seeking to establish an Islamic state in Indonesia, Jemaah Islamiyah, although it could equally be the work of al-Qaeda. Another bomb explodes at around the same time in the nearby town of Denpasar, Bali. It had been said to be an attack on Australian holidaymakers due to its role in the liberation of East Timor.




### Related:

1. [ Indonesian police claim to have arrested Abu Dujana, the military leader of the Jemaah Islamiyah responsible for the 2002 Bali bombings. ](/news/2007/06/13/indonesian-police-claim-to-have-arrested-abu-dujana-the-military-leader-of-the-jemaah-islamiyah-responsible-for-the-2002-bali-bombings.md) _Context: 2002 Bali bombings, Indonesia, Jemaah Islamiyah_
2. [ A car bomb explodes outside the Australian embassy in Jakarta, Indonesia, killing 9 people (according to the BBC) and wounding 180. Jemaah Islamiyah, the Southeast Asian terrorist group connected with Al Qaeda, is believed responsible. ](/news/2004/09/9/a-car-bomb-explodes-outside-the-australian-embassy-in-jakarta-indonesia-killing-9-people-according-to-the-bbc-and-wounding-180-jemaah.md) _Context: Indonesia, Jemaah Islamiyah, al-Qaeda_
3. [ A powerful car bomb explodes outside the Marriott Hotel, killing at least fourteen people and injuring about 150 in downtown Jakarta, a popular district for foreigners. It is believed to be a suicide bombing. The blast comes two days before a Bali court was due to deliver the verdict of the first suspect of the 2002 Bali terrorist bombing and four days after President Megawati Sukarnoputri vowed to wipe out terrorist networks in Indonesia. Jemaah Islamiyah claimed responsibility for the attack through a Singapore newspaper.](/news/2003/08/5/a-powerful-car-bomb-explodes-outside-the-marriott-hotel-killing-at-least-fourteen-people-and-injuring-about-150-in-downtown-jakarta-a-pop.md) _Context: Bali, Indonesia, Jemaah Islamiyah_
4. [ 2002 Bali bombings: Indonesia's defense minister blamed al-Qaida and its extremist allies for the massive bomb attack that killed more than 180 people at a nightclub on the resort island of Bali.](/news/2002/10/14/2002-bali-bombings-indonesia-s-defense-minister-blamed-al-qaida-and-its-extremist-allies-for-the-massive-bomb-attack-that-killed-more-than.md) _Context: 2002 Bali bombings, Bali, Indonesia_
5. [Thousands of people on the Indonesian island of Bali flee from their homes due to concerns over Mount Agung erupting. The alert status for the volcano was increased to the highest level possible yesterday. ](/news/2017/09/23/thousands-of-people-on-the-indonesian-island-of-bali-flee-from-their-homes-due-to-concerns-over-mount-agung-erupting-the-alert-status-for-t.md) _Context: Bali, Indonesia_
6. [An explosion on a tourist speed boat kills two people and injures 20 others shortly after departing from the Indonesian port of Padangbai in Karangasem, Bali. ](/news/2016/09/15/an-explosion-on-a-tourist-speed-boat-kills-two-people-and-injures-20-others-shortly-after-departing-from-the-indonesian-port-of-padangbai-in.md) _Context: Bali, Indonesia_
7. [Five people, including an 18-month-old baby, are missing from an Indonesian ferryboat traveling from Bali to East Java that sank in the Bali Strait; 76 people have been rescued. ](/news/2016/03/4/five-people-including-an-18-month-old-baby-are-missing-from-an-indonesian-ferryboat-traveling-from-bali-to-east-java-that-sank-in-the-bali.md) _Context: Bali, Indonesia_
8. [Ash from Indonesia's Mount Rinjani volcano closes Bali's Ngurah Rai International Airport, the country's third busiest. Nearly 700 flights are cancelled. Officials will re-evaluate the situation tomorrow. Mount Rinjani started spewing ash last weekend. ](/news/2015/11/4/ash-from-indonesia-s-mount-rinjani-volcano-closes-bali-s-ngurah-rai-international-airport-the-country-s-third-busiest-nearly-700-flights-a.md) _Context: Bali, Indonesia_
9. [Australian Schapelle Corby is granted parole (along with 1,290 others) in Indonesia after serving nine years in a Bali prison for drug smuggling. ](/news/2014/02/7/australian-schapelle-corby-is-granted-parole-along-with-1-290-others-in-indonesia-after-serving-nine-years-in-a-bali-prison-for-drug-smugg.md) _Context: Bali, Indonesia_
10. [The World Trade Organization meeting in Bali, Indonesia, concludes with agreement to simplify trade deals and make it easier for poorer states to sell their goods as part of the Bali Package. ](/news/2013/12/7/the-world-trade-organization-meeting-in-bali-indonesia-concludes-with-agreement-to-simplify-trade-deals-and-make-it-easier-for-poorer-stat.md) _Context: Bali, Indonesia_
