### [2002-10-12](/news/2002/10/12/index.md)

#  Ethnic rioting in India results in numerous deaths. The riots are said to be a reaction to recent public comments by Jerry Falwell, American televangelist, derogatory of the Islamic prophet, Muhammad.




### Related:

1. [ An anthem sung by FC Schalke 04's fans draws Islamic protests because of its reference to the Prophet Muhammad. ](/news/2009/08/5/an-anthem-sung-by-fc-schalke-04-s-fans-draws-islamic-protests-because-of-its-reference-to-the-prophet-muhammad.md) _Context: Muhammad, Prophet_
2. [Violent riots break out in Kaliachak, West Bengal, India, after political activist Kamlesh Tiwari allegedly insulted the Muslim prophet Muhammad. ](/news/2016/01/5/violent-riots-break-out-in-kaliachak-west-bengal-india-after-political-activist-kamlesh-tiwari-allegedly-insulted-the-muslim-prophet-muha.md) _Context: Muhammad_
3. [Curtis Culwell Center attack: ISIS claims responsibility for the attack on an exhibition of drawings of the Prophet Muhammad in the American city of Garland, Texas. One of the suspects was previously interrogated and surveilled by the FBI having visited Somalia, and both suspects praised ISIS in social media. ](/news/2015/05/5/curtis-culwell-center-attack-isis-claims-responsibility-for-the-attack-on-an-exhibition-of-drawings-of-the-prophet-muhammad-in-the-american.md) _Context: Muhammad_
4. [Curtis Culwell Center attack: Two gunmen attacked the Curtis Culwell Center in the US city of Garland, Texas, which is holding an exhibition of drawings of the Prophet Muhammad. Both gunman were shot dead by police. Their car was found to contain no explosives. One security guard was hospitalized and is expected to recover. The attacks were reminiscent of the Charlie Hebdo shootings in Paris in January 2015. ISIL claimed responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2015/05/3/curtis-culwell-center-attack-two-gunmen-attacked-the-curtis-culwell-center-in-the-us-city-of-garland-texas-which-is-holding-an-exhibition.md) _Context: Muhammad_
5. [Malaysia deports Saudi Arabian journalist Hamzar Kashgari, accused of insulting the prophet Muhammad in a tweet. ](/news/2012/02/12/malaysia-deports-saudi-arabian-journalist-hamzar-kashgari-accused-of-insulting-the-prophet-muhammad-in-a-tweet.md) _Context: Muhammad_
6. [A Saudi blogger is detained by Malaysian police after fleeing Saudi Arabia for allegedly insulting the Prophet Muhammad. ](/news/2012/02/10/a-saudi-blogger-is-detained-by-malaysian-police-after-fleeing-saudi-arabia-for-allegedly-insulting-the-prophet-muhammad.md) _Context: Muhammad_
7. [A Chechen man is sentenced to 12 years in prison after being convicted of trying to send a letter bomb to the Danish newspaper Jyllands-Posten, which had published drawings of the Muslim prophet Muhammad. ](/news/2011/05/31/a-chechen-man-is-sentenced-to-12-years-in-prison-after-being-convicted-of-trying-to-send-a-letter-bomb-to-the-danish-newspaper-jyllands-post.md) _Context: Muhammad_
8. [Pope Benedict XVI urges Pakistan to repeal its blasphemy law, which carry the death penalty for insulting the Prophet Muhammad. ](/news/2011/01/10/pope-benedict-xvi-urges-pakistan-to-repeal-its-blasphemy-law-which-carry-the-death-penalty-for-insulting-the-prophet-muhammad.md) _Context: Muhammad_
9. [Bangladesh blocks access to Facebook after satirical images of the Islamic prophet Muhammad and the country's leaders were uploaded. ](/news/2010/05/30/bangladesh-blocks-access-to-facebook-after-satirical-images-of-the-islamic-prophet-muhammad-and-the-country-s-leaders-were-uploaded.md) _Context: Muhammad_
10. [A bid is unsuccessful by South Africa's Jamiatul Ulama Transvaal to stop the publication of Jonathan Shapiro's cartoon of Muhammad on a psychiatrist's couch bemoaning his followers' sense of humour failure. ](/news/2010/05/21/a-bid-is-unsuccessful-by-south-africa-s-jamiatul-ulama-transvaal-to-stop-the-publication-of-jonathan-shapiro-s-cartoon-of-muhammad-on-a-psyc.md) _Context: Muhammad_
