### [2010-05-28](/news/2010/05/28/index.md)

# Australia promises to begin legal action against Japan due to disagreeing with its annual whaling hunt in the Southern Ocean. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/world/asia_pacific/10179360.stm)

### Related:

1. [Whaling in Japan. Australia is threatening to take legal action against Japan over its resumption of its controversial whale hunt in the Antarctic Ocean. A whaling fleet set sail last week, ignoring international condemnation, and last year's ruling by the International Court of Justice (ICJ) prohibiting these hunts. ](/news/2015/12/7/whaling-in-japan-australia-is-threatening-to-take-legal-action-against-japan-over-its-resumption-of-its-controversial-whale-hunt-in-the-ant.md) _Context: Australia, Japan, Southern Ocean_
2. [The governments of Australia and New Zealand announce an investigation into an incident where a boat belonging to the anti-whaling group Sea Shepherd Conservation Society was damaged in a confrontation with a Japanese ship in the Southern Ocean. ](/news/2010/01/7/the-governments-of-australia-and-new-zealand-announce-an-investigation-into-an-incident-where-a-boat-belonging-to-the-anti-whaling-group-sea.md) _Context: Australia, Japan, Southern Ocean_
3. [ Chris Ellison, the Australian Minister for Justice, warns anti-whaling protesters and the Japanese whaling fleet that they could face questioning over recent clashes in the Southern Ocean. Meanwhile, the crew were evacuated from the largest ship in the Japanese Antarctic fleet, the "Nisshin Maru," following a fire. ](/news/2007/02/15/chris-ellison-the-australian-minister-for-justice-warns-anti-whaling-protesters-and-the-japanese-whaling-fleet-that-they-could-face-quest.md) _Context: Australia, Japan, Southern Ocean_
4. [ United States Vice President Mike Pence visits Alaska, where he meets with Governor Bill Walker and discusses stationing F-35 squadrons in the state. Pence is beginning a 10-day trip to South Korea, Australia, Indonesia and Japan. ](/news/2017/04/15/united-states-vice-president-mike-pence-visits-alaska-where-he-meets-with-governor-bill-walker-and-discusses-stationing-f-35-squadrons-in.md) _Context: Australia, Japan_
5. [At an annual meeting of the Convention for the Conservation of Antarctic Marine Living Resources in Hobart, Australia, twenty-four countries and the European Union agree to create the world's largest marine park in Antarctica's Ross Sea. The marine park will cover more than 12 percent of the Southern Ocean, and will be protected from commercial fishing for 35 years. ](/news/2016/10/28/at-an-annual-meeting-of-the-convention-for-the-conservation-of-antarctic-marine-living-resources-in-hobart-australia-twenty-four-countries.md) _Context: Australia, Southern Ocean_
6. [Whaling in Japan. Japan advises the International Whaling Commission that it plans to resume hunting minke whales for scientific research in the Antarctic Ocean by the end of March 2016. The United Nations' International Court of Justice (ICJ) ruled in March 2014 that Japan's decades-old whale hunt in the Antarctic should stop, prompting Tokyo to cancel the bulk of its whaling for the 2014/2015 season. ICJ decisions were binding and cannot be appealed. ](/news/2015/11/28/whaling-in-japan-japan-advises-the-international-whaling-commission-that-it-plans-to-resume-hunting-minke-whales-for-scientific-research-in.md) _Context: Japan, Southern Ocean_
7. [The United States Congress negotiates a deal to fast track the Trans-Pacific Partnership between the US and Australia, Brunei, Canada, Chile, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru, Singapore and Vietnam. ](/news/2015/04/16/the-united-states-congress-negotiates-a-deal-to-fast-track-the-trans-pacific-partnership-between-the-us-and-australia-brunei-canada-chile.md) _Context: Australia, Japan_
8. [A French sailor who had spent three days adrift in a life raft in the Southern Ocean off the coast of Tasmania in Australia is rescued by the cruise ship MV "Orion". ](/news/2013/01/20/a-french-sailor-who-had-spent-three-days-adrift-in-a-life-raft-in-the-southern-ocean-off-the-coast-of-tasmania-in-australia-is-rescued-by-th.md) _Context: Australia, Southern Ocean_
9. [Singapore, Vietnam, Indonesia and Hong Kong ban poultry imports from the Australian state of Victoria while Japan bans imports from the whole of Australia following an outbreak of a low pathogenic form of the avian influenza (separate from the potentially deadly H5N1 strain).](/news/2012/02/1/singapore-vietnam-indonesia-and-hong-kong-ban-poultry-imports-from-the-australian-state-of-victoria-while-japan-bans-imports-from-the-whol.md) _Context: Australia, Japan_
10. [The governments of the United States, Australia, New Zealand and the Netherlands protest the start of Japan's whaling season off the coast of Antarctica. ](/news/2011/12/14/the-governments-of-the-united-states-australia-new-zealand-and-the-netherlands-protest-the-start-of-japan-s-whaling-season-off-the-coast-o.md) _Context: Australia, Japan_
