### [2010-05-28](/news/2010/05/28/index.md)

# Israeli-Palestinian conflict:Five boats belonging to pro-Israel advocacy group StandWithUs leave Ashdod and Herzliya to demonstrate against the international flotilla by displaying "Free Gaza from Hamas" banners and wearing bloodstained T-shirts, representing Hamas' attacks. 

Israel advocacy group StandWithUs to surprise the European convoy at sea.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2010/WORLD/meast/05/28/gaza.protest/)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSTRE64R4TD20100528)
3. [The Australian](http://www.theaustralian.com.au/news/world/israelis-take-to-seas-to-avoid-pr-disaster-over-gaza-activist-flotilla/story-e6frg6so-1225872718470)
4. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2010/may/28/israeli-navy-activists-gaza-blockade)
5. [The Hindu](http://beta.thehindu.com/news/international/article440416.ece)
6. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/MiddleEast/Article.aspx?id=176695)
7. [The Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/world/uncertainty-reigns-as-blockade-breakers-set-off-20100528-wlgg.html)
8. [Ynetnews](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3895506,00.html)

### Related:

1. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
2. [Israeli authorities approve 153 construction permits for settlement homes in East Jerusalem, and plan to approve another 11,000 in the coming months. ](/news/2017/01/27/israeli-authorities-approve-153-construction-permits-for-settlement-homes-in-east-jerusalem-and-plan-to-approve-another-11-000-in-the-comin.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
3. [The Israeli Ministry of Transportation orders a bus company in Beersheba to remove Arabic-language advertisements on their buses following complaints from several Jewish residents. ](/news/2016/12/1/the-israeli-ministry-of-transportation-orders-a-bus-company-in-beersheba-to-remove-arabic-language-advertisements-on-their-buses-following-c.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
4. [The Israeli Supreme Court questions the demolition of convicted terrorists' homes by the Israeli government after claims that the practice is used against Palestinians and not Israelis. The government has 30 days to respond before the court makes a decision on the practice. ](/news/2016/11/25/the-israeli-supreme-court-questions-the-demolition-of-convicted-terrorists-homes-by-the-israeli-government-after-claims-that-the-practice-i.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
5. [A Turkish ship carrying humanitarian aid for the Gaza Strip docks at the Israeli port city of Ashdod, the first warming move between the two countries since relations began to improve. Relations between Turkey and Israel were tense since the 2010 Gaza flotilla raid but ended last week when Turkey agreed to normalize ties in a diplomatic treaty. ](/news/2016/07/4/a-turkish-ship-carrying-humanitarian-aid-for-the-gaza-strip-docks-at-the-israeli-port-city-of-ashdod-the-first-warming-move-between-the-two.md) _Context: Ashdod, Israel_
6. [A 17-year-old Palestinian stabs and kills a sleeping 13-year-old Israeli and American citizen girl Hallel Yaffa Ariel in her bedroom. The assailant is fatally shot by security guards. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu blamed "incitement-driven terrorists" while the U.S. State Department condemned the "outrageous terrorist attack." ](/news/2016/06/30/a-17-year-old-palestinian-stabs-and-kills-a-sleeping-13-year-old-israeli-and-american-citizen-girl-hallel-yaffa-ariel-in-her-bedroom-the-as.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
7. [Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israel-border-there-were-no-casualti.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
8. [Following an appeal, 12-year-old Dima al-Wawi is freed from an Israeli prison. She is believed to be the youngest female Palestinian ever imprisoned.  Israeli civil law, which does not allow anyone under 14 to go to jail, did not affect her imprisonment.   Palestinian residents in the occupied territories are subject to military law that can sentence suspects as young as 12 to prison. ](/news/2016/04/24/following-an-appeal-12-year-old-dima-al-wawi-is-freed-from-an-israeli-prison-she-is-believed-to-be-the-youngest-female-palestinian-ever-im.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
9. [Three terror attacks are reported that result in the deaths of four Palestinians and an American tourist with 12 Israelis wounded, including two Israeli policemen, as United States Vice President Joe Biden arrives in Israel for a two-day visit that includes meetings with Israeli and Palestinian leaders.One of the attacks occurred less than a kilometer from where Joe Biden was at the time. ](/news/2016/03/8/three-terror-attacks-are-reported-that-result-in-the-deaths-of-four-palestinians-and-an-american-tourist-with-12-israelis-wounded-including.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
10. [Indonesian President Joko "Jokowi" Widodo calls on Muslim leaders at the  Organisation of Islamic Cooperation (OIC) summit meeting in Jakarta to  unite and be part of the solution on Palestine, noting the entire world is concerned about its deteriorating situation. Jokowi also criticizes what he calls Israel's "unilateral and illegal policies." ](/news/2016/03/7/indonesian-president-joko-ajokowia-widodo-calls-on-muslim-leaders-at-the-organisation-of-islamic-cooperation-oic-summit-meeting-in-ja.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
