### [2010-05-28](/news/2010/05/28/index.md)

# Terrorists attacked two major mosques simultaneously belonging to the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community in Lahore, Pakistan killing nearly 100 Ahmadis. See:May 2010 attacks on Ahmadi mosques in Lahore




### Related:

1. [War in North-West Pakistan: July 2017 Lahore suicide bombing: At least 26 people are killed and over 50 others are injured in a suicide car bombing in southern Lahore. ](/news/2017/07/24/war-in-north-west-pakistan-july-2017-lahore-suicide-bombing-at-least-26-people-are-killed-and-over-50-others-are-injured-in-a-suicide-car.md) _Context: Lahore_
2. [War in North-West Pakistan: A suicide bomber kills at least six people and wounds 18 near a Pakistan Army vehicle taking part in the census in the city of Lahore. ](/news/2017/04/5/war-in-north-west-pakistan-a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-six-people-and-wounds-18-near-a-pakistan-army-vehicle-taking-part-in-the-census.md) _Context: Lahore_
3. [War in North-West Pakistan: At least six people are killed in a bomb blast in the Pakistani city of Lahore. ](/news/2017/02/23/war-in-north-west-pakistan-at-least-six-people-are-killed-in-a-bomb-blast-in-the-pakistani-city-of-lahore.md) _Context: Lahore_
4. [2017 Lahore suicide bombing: At least 13 people, including six police officers, are killed and 85 are injured after a bomb explodes at a protest rally in Lahore, Punjab. The Pakistani Taliban splinter group Jamaat-ul-Ahrar claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/02/13/2017-lahore-suicide-bombing-at-least-13-people-including-six-police-officers-are-killed-and-85-are-injured-after-a-bomb-explodes-at-a-pro.md) _Context: Lahore_
5. [2008 Mumbai attacks: Pakistan detains Hafiz Muhammad Saeed, the suspected mastermind of the 2008 attacks in the Indian city. Saeed, co-founder of the active terrorist organization Lashkar-e-Taiba, is being held under house arrest in Lahore in Pakistan's Punjab Province. Four other men are also under house arrest in the area. ](/news/2017/01/31/2008-mumbai-attacks-pakistan-detains-hafiz-muhammad-saeed-the-suspected-mastermind-of-the-2008-attacks-in-the-indian-city-saeed-co-found.md) _Context: Lahore_
6. [Shahbaz Taseer, the son of Pakistani Punjab governor Salmaan Taseer who was murdered in 2011 for criticizing the country's blasphemy laws, is reunited with his family four-and-a-half years after his kidnapping. Tuesday, Shahbaz was rescued by Pakistani secret service and counter-terrorism operatives in Kuchlak, Balochistan Province. He had been abducted in Lahore in August 2011, seven months after his father's murder by bodyguard Mumtaz Qadri. Qadri was executed on February 29, 2016. His death was claimed as the reason for the deadly Taliban suicide bombing in Shabqadar two days ago. ](/news/2016/03/9/shahbaz-taseer-the-son-of-pakistani-punjab-governor-salmaan-taseer-who-was-murdered-in-2011-for-criticizing-the-country-s-blasphemy-laws-i.md) _Context: Lahore_
7. [2016 Lahore suicide bombing: A suicide bomber from a Pakistani Taliban faction kills at least 60 people and injures 300 others at a park in Lahore, Pakistan, and the group claimed responsibility for the attack, saying it intentionally targeted Christians celebrating on Easter Sunday. An official says the explosion took place close to Gulshan-e-Iqbal Park's children's rides. ](/news/2016/03/27/2016-lahore-suicide-bombing-a-suicide-bomber-from-a-pakistani-taliban-faction-kills-at-least-60-people-and-injures-300-others-at-a-park-in.md) _Context: Lahore_
8. [India-Pakistan relations: Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi is met by Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif at Allama Iqbal International Airport in Lahore for a two-hour meeting. Modi's surprise stopover is the first since Indian Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee visited Pakistan in 2004. ](/news/2015/12/25/india-pakistan-relations-indian-prime-minister-narendra-modi-is-met-by-pakistani-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-at-allama-iqbal-internationa.md) _Context: Lahore_
9. [2015 Lahore factory disaster: A building collapses in the Pakistani city of Lahore resulting in at least 18 deaths, at least 75 injured and around 150 people still trapped. ](/news/2015/11/4/2015-lahore-factory-disaster-a-building-collapses-in-the-pakistani-city-of-lahore-resulting-in-at-least-18-deaths-at-least-75-injured-and.md) _Context: Lahore_
10. [Two suicide bombers belonging to the Tehreek-i-Taliban Pakistan splinter group Jamaat-ul-Ahrar blow themselves up in twin bomb attacks on two churches in the Pakistani city of Lahore, killing at least fourteen people with 70 more injured. ](/news/2015/03/15/two-suicide-bombers-belonging-to-the-tehreek-i-taliban-pakistan-splinter-group-jamaat-ul-ahrar-blow-themselves-up-in-twin-bomb-attacks-on-tw.md) _Context: Lahore_
