### [2010-05-28](/news/2010/05/28/index.md)

# Voters in the Czech Republic vote in legislative elections. 

Two-day general election aims to end more than a year of political limbo.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/europe/2010/05/20105289398531820.html)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/world/europe/10180591.stm)
3. [France24](http://www.france24.com/en/20100528-czechs-go-polls-end-year-long-interim-rule)
4. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSTRE64R2L020100528)
4. [Cover Image](http://www.aljazeera.com)

### Related:

1. [The right's Civic Democratic Party (ODS), TOP 09 and Public Affairs sign a coalition agreement in the wake of last Saturday's general election in the Czech Republic, even though the left Czech Social Democratic Party (CSSD) won more votes. ](/news/2010/06/2/the-right-s-civic-democratic-party-ods-top-09-and-public-affairs-sign-a-coalition-agreement-in-the-wake-of-last-saturday-s-general-electi.md) _Context: Czech Republic, last Saturday's general election_
2. [The Chamber of Deputies of the Czech Republic passes a Czech Social Democratic Party-proposed amendment to the constitution, giving citizens the right to acquire, possess and carry firearms for the purpose of security. The constitutional amendment will now go to the Senate, where it is expected to pass. ](/news/2017/06/29/the-chamber-of-deputies-of-the-czech-republic-passes-a-czech-social-democratic-party-proposed-amendment-to-the-constitution-giving-citizens.md) _Context: Czech Republic_
3. [ Czech Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka has announced that he will submit his government's resignation because of a disagreement with Finance Minister Andrej Babis. ](/news/2017/05/2/czech-prime-minister-bohuslav-sobotka-has-announced-that-he-will-submit-his-government-s-resignation-because-of-a-disagreement-with-finance.md) _Context: Czech Republic_
4. [Czech police announce the arrest of a man at a Prague hotel two weeks ago who they claim is a Russian hacker suspected of targeting the U.S. ](/news/2016/10/19/czech-police-announce-the-arrest-of-a-man-at-a-prague-hotel-two-weeks-ago-who-they-claim-is-a-russian-hacker-suspected-of-targeting-the-u-s.md) _Context: Czech Republic_
5. [ Six people are hurt as an unknown assailant fires shots at a Czech tourist bus on the A7 autoroute near Saulce-sur-Rhone in southeastern France. ](/news/2016/06/5/six-people-are-hurt-as-an-unknown-assailant-fires-shots-at-a-czech-tourist-bus-on-the-a7-autoroute-near-saulce-sur-rha-ne-in-southeastern-f.md) _Context: Czech Republic_
6. [Czech Minister of the Interior Milan Chovanec says that authorities in Prague will send a group of 25 Iraqi Christians back to Iraq after they tried to move to Germany rather than staying in the Czech Republic. The refugees were on their way to Germany via bus before being stopped at the border. Czech authorities agreed to a request by the German police to take the people back. Chovanec said the 25 Iraqis abused Czech generosity and should go back to Iraq within seven days. ](/news/2016/04/3/czech-minister-of-the-interior-milan-chovanec-says-that-authorities-in-prague-will-send-a-group-of-25-iraqi-christians-back-to-iraq-after-th.md) _Context: Czech Republic_
7. [Leaders of the Czech Republic choose "Czechia" as the one-word alternative name of their country to make it easier for companies, politicians and sportsmen to use on products, name tags and sporting jerseys. However, this change must still win cabinet approval before the foreign ministry can lodge the name with the United Nations for it to become the country's official short name. ](/news/2016/04/15/leaders-of-the-czech-republic-choose-aczechiaa-as-the-one-word-alternative-name-of-their-country-to-make-it-easier-for-companies-politi.md) _Context: Czech Republic_
8. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Czech Republic_
9. [Five people are killed in an avalanche that buried 17 Czechs in Austria. ](/news/2016/02/6/five-people-are-killed-in-an-avalanche-that-buried-17-czechs-in-austria.md) _Context: Czech Republic_
10. [The president of the Czech Republic, Milos Zeman, marks the 26th anniversary of the Velvet Revolution by attending an anti-Islam rally in Prague with the "Bloc against Islam" group which supports the president. The rally is also attended by observers from the German protest movement, PEGIDA (Patriotic Europeans Against the Islamisation of the Occident) and Tommy Robinson, a prominent British anti-Islam activist. Zeman tells the crowd of several thousand that they aren't extremists for advocating closing the Republic's borders to Muslim migrants. ](/news/2015/11/17/the-president-of-the-czech-republic-miloa-zeman-marks-the-26th-anniversary-of-the-velvet-revolution-by-attending-an-anti-islam-rally-in-p.md) _Context: Czech Republic_
