### [2005-11-20](/news/2005/11/20/index.md)

#  Israeli army radio reports Ariel Sharon, the current Prime Minister of Israel, will leave Likud and create a new centrist party positioned between it and Israeli Labor Party. This move ends more than a year of Likud infighting between Sharon and hard-right members led by Benjamin Netanyahu who opposed withdrawal from Gaza, and closely follows Labour's departure from the present grand coalition government. Early elections are now a near-certainty. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/4455356.stm)
2. [Haaretz](http://news.haaretz.co.il/hasen/spages/647757.html)

### Related:

1. [ The Prime Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, announces his resignation from Likud and his intention to form a new party, and asks the President of Israel to call a general election. ](/news/2005/11/21/the-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-announces-his-resignation-from-likud-and-his-intention-to-form-a-new-party-and-asks-the-presid.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israeli Prime Minister, Israeli legislative election, Kadima, Likud_
2. [The Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu forms a coalition between his Likud party and the Centrist Yesh Atid, rightist Jewish Home and leftist Hatnuah parties. ](/news/2013/03/15/the-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-forms-a-coalition-between-his-likud-party-and-the-centrist-yesh-atid-rightist-jewish-home-a.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister, Likud_
3. [Israeli Prime Minister and Likud chairman Benjamin Netanyahu and the Israeli Foreign Minister and Yisrael Beiteinu chairman Avigdor Lieberman announce the unification of their two parties which will run as a single bloc for the upcoming election to be held in January 2013; the joint party will be called "Likud Beiteinu" ("The Likud Is Our Home") and Netanyahu will be number 1 on the list, followed by Liberman who will be number 2 on the list. ](/news/2012/10/25/israeli-prime-minister-and-likud-chairman-benjamin-netanyahu-and-the-israeli-foreign-minister-and-yisrael-beiteinu-chairman-avigdor-lieberma.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister, Likud_
4. [The Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu comfortably wins a leadership election for the Likud Party defeating Moshe Feiglin. ](/news/2012/01/31/the-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-comfortably-wins-a-leadership-election-for-the-likud-party-defeating-moshe-feiglin.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister, Likud_
5. [ Likud Party Chairman Benjamin Netanyahu is inaugurated as Prime Minister of Israel. ](/news/2009/03/31/likud-party-chairman-benjamin-netanyahu-is-inaugurated-as-prime-minister-of-israel.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister, Likud_
6. [ Kadima leader Ehud Olmert declares victory in the 17th Israeli legislative election, ahead of main opponents Labor and Likud. ](/news/2006/03/28/kadima-leader-ehud-olmert-declares-victory-in-the-17th-israeli-legislative-election-ahead-of-main-opponents-labor-and-likud.md) _Context: Israeli legislative election, Kadima, Likud_
7. [ Former Prime Minister of Israel, Binyamin Netanyahu, has declared his intention to challenge Ariel Sharon for leadership of the Likud party. ](/news/2005/08/30/former-prime-minister-of-israel-binyamin-netanyahu-has-declared-his-intention-to-challenge-ariel-sharon-for-leadership-of-the-likud-party.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israeli Prime Minister, Likud_
8. [ Omri Sharon, son of the Prime Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, has been formally indicted on charges of corruption following allegations concerning Ariel Sharon's bid to become leader of the Likud party in 1999. ](/news/2005/08/28/omri-sharon-son-of-the-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-has-been-formally-indicted-on-charges-of-corruption-following-allegations-c.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israeli Prime Minister, Likud_
9. [Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon ends the Likud-led coalition after he fires ministers from the secular Shinui party, which voted to defeat the annual budget over subsidies to religious parties. ](/news/2004/12/1/israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-ends-the-likud-led-coalition-after-he-fires-ministers-from-the-secular-shinui-party-which-voted-to-defe.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israeli Prime Minister, Likud_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The Knesset approves Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's plan to withdraw 21 settlements from the Gaza Strip and 4 from the West Bank by next year. Israeli Finance Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and three other cabinet ministers from Sharon's ruling Likud government threaten to resign if a referendum over the plan will not be held. ](/news/2004/10/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-knesset-approves-israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-s-plan-to-withdraw-21-settlements-from-the-gaza-stri.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Benjamin Netanyahu, Likud_
