### [2005-11-20](/news/2005/11/20/index.md)

#  U.S. President George W. Bush attends a church service during his visit to People's Republic of China as he presses for greater freedoms of expression and faith during his east Asian tour. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/asia-pacific/4453336.stm)

### Related:

1. [ U.S. President George W. Bush's administration files a trade case to the World Trade Organization against the People's Republic of China over the alleged use of export subsidies to promote Chinese-made goods. ](/news/2008/12/19/u-s-president-george-w-bush-s-administration-files-a-trade-case-to-the-world-trade-organization-against-the-people-s-republic-of-china-ov.md) _Context: China's, George W. Bush, President of the United States_
2. [ President of the People's Republic of China Hu Jintao meets with U.S. President George W. Bush  at the United Nations during the Leaders' Gathering in honor of the 60th Anniversary of the UN's founding. ](/news/2005/09/13/president-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-hu-jintao-meets-with-u-s-president-george-w-bush-at-the-united-nations-during-the-leaders-g.md) _Context: China's, George W. Bush, President of the United States_
3. [The George W. Bush Presidential Center in Dallas, Texas, is dedicated in the presence of President of the United States Barack Obama, former president George W. Bush and all living former presidents. The complex will be opened to the public on May 1. ](/news/2013/04/25/the-george-w-bush-presidential-center-in-dallas-texas-is-dedicated-in-the-presence-of-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-former.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President of the United States_
4. [U.S. news magazine ''Time'' selects U.S. President Barack Obama as its 2012 Person of the Year, following on from his 2008 award, and those of his predecessors George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004, Bill Clinton in 1992 and 1998, George H. W. Bush in 1990, Ronald Reagan in 1980 and 1983, Jimmy Carter in 1976, Richard Nixon in 1971 and 1972 and Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 and 1967. ](/news/2012/12/19/u-s-news-magazine-time-selects-u-s-president-barack-obama-as-its-2012-person-of-the-year-following-on-from-his-2008-award-and-those.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President of the United States_
5. [The President of the United States is set to meet with the Dalai Lama in Washington DC despite a warning from the People's Republic of China. ](/news/2011/07/16/the-president-of-the-united-states-is-set-to-meet-with-the-dalai-lama-in-washington-dc-despite-a-warning-from-the-people-s-republic-of-china.md) _Context: China's, President of the United States_
6. [ABC News reports that President Barack Obama will nominate the United States Secretary of Commerce Gary Locke as the next United States ambassador to the People's Republic of China. ](/news/2011/03/7/abc-news-reports-that-president-barack-obama-will-nominate-the-united-states-secretary-of-commerce-gary-locke-as-the-next-united-states-amba.md) _Context: China's, President of the United States_
7. [Former President of the United States George W. Bush cancels a planned appearance in Switzerland; Human Rights Watch link the cancellation to growing pressure for Bush to be arrested over his approval of waterboarding torture, saying Bush is "avoiding handcuffs". ](/news/2011/02/5/former-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-cancels-a-planned-appearance-in-switzerland-human-rights-watch-link-the-cancellation-t.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President of the United States_
8. [A Saudi Arabian student is arrested in Texas for allegedly planning a terrorist attack against the Dallas home of former President of the United States George W. Bush as a target as well as New York City and dams in California and Colorado. ](/news/2011/02/24/a-saudi-arabian-student-is-arrested-in-texas-for-allegedly-planning-a-terrorist-attack-against-the-dallas-home-of-former-president-of-the-un.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President of the United States_
9. [The President of the United States Barack Obama says that a deal has been reached with the Republican Party to extend the Bush era tax cuts. ](/news/2010/12/6/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-says-that-a-deal-has-been-reached-with-the-republican-party-to-extend-the-bush-era-tax-cuts.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President of the United States_
10. [ United States President Barack Obama delays a meeting with the Dalai Lama until after a visit to China. ](/news/2009/10/5/united-states-president-barack-obama-delays-a-meeting-with-the-dalai-lama-until-after-a-visit-to-china.md) _Context: China's, President of the United States_
