### [2007-10-7](/news/2007/10/7/index.md)

#  U.S. college football: On the heels of last week's historic AP Poll shakeup, another one of comparable size occurs, in which four Top Ten teams and eleven ranked teams overall move down the list or off the poll entirely. LSU receives first place from all 65 sports critics, the first time that has occurred for any team since December 2006. #2 California earns its highest rank since 1951, #4 Boston College earns its highest showing since 1984, and #5 South Florida continues its ascent after first moving into the AP Poll three weeks ago. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Yahoo! Sports](http://sports.yahoo.com/ncaaf/news;_ylt=AiWxiTBZZ1JUsFR4UEqtK8IcvrYF?slug=ap-t25-collegefbpoll&prov=ap&type=lgns)

### Related:

1. [ U.S. college football: The new AP Poll results are released, with nine of the ten ranked teams that lost this past weekend either dropping further down the list or out of the poll completely. LSU rose to #1 for the first time since 1959, Kentucky and Boston College rise into the Top Ten for the first time since 1977 and 1992, respectively, and South Florida ascends into the Top Ten for the first time ever. ](/news/2007/09/30/u-s-college-football-the-new-ap-poll-results-are-released-with-nine-of-the-ten-ranked-teams-that-lost-this-past-weekend-either-dropping.md) _Context: AP Poll, Boston College, Louisiana State University, University of South Florida, college football_
2. [ In a stunning college football upset, Appalachian State defeated #5-ranked Michigan at Michigan Stadium by a score of 34-32.  This is the first time a team from the second-tier NCAA Division I FCS has defeated an AP-ranked Division I FBS opponent.  Armanti Edwards was the quarterback for the underdog Mountaineers. ](/news/2007/09/1/in-a-stunning-college-football-upset-appalachian-state-defeated-5-ranked-michigan-at-michigan-stadium-by-a-score-of-34-32-this-is-the-f.md) _Context: AP Poll, college football_
3. [The summit announces it is unable to gain agreement on climate change between the United States and the other 19 members of this international forum. ](/news/2017/07/8/the-summit-announces-it-is-unable-to-gain-agreement-on-climate-change-between-the-united-states-and-the-other-19-members-of-this-internation.md) _Context: United States_
4. [The United States extends the restrictions deadline for refugees. ](/news/2017/07/5/the-united-states-extends-the-restrictions-deadline-for-refugees.md) _Context: United States_
5. [The United States sanctions Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro over the controversial Constitutional Assembly election which critics say is an attempt to establish a dictatorship. ](/news/2017/07/31/the-united-states-sanctions-venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-over-the-controversial-constitutional-assembly-election-which-critics-say-i.md) _Context: United States_
6. [Russian President Vladimir Putin expels 755 United States diplomats in response to new sanctions imposed by the United States. ](/news/2017/07/30/russian-president-vladimir-putin-expels-755-united-states-diplomats-in-response-to-new-sanctions-imposed-by-the-united-states.md) _Context: United States_
7. [North Korea launches an intercontinental ballistic missile that flies 620 miles horizontally in about 45 minutes, landing in the Sea of Japan, according to Japan, South Korea and the United States.  ](/news/2017/07/28/north-korea-launches-an-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-that-flies-620-miles-horizontally-in-about-45-minutes-landing-in-the-sea-of-japa.md) _Context: United States_
8. [History of the Philippines (1898-1946), During the annual State of the Nation Address through the Congress of the Philippines, President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte has outright demanded that the United States return the controversial Balangiga bells, taken during one of the campaigns of the Philippine-American War as spoils of war. Previous attempts to recover the bells have all failed so far. ](/news/2017/07/24/history-of-the-philippines-1898a1946-during-the-annual-state-of-the-nation-address-through-the-congress-of-the-philippines-president-o.md) _Context: United States_
9. [Nine men are found dead inside a tractor-trailer parked outside a Walmart store in the American city of San Antonio, Texas, in what authorities call a case of "ruthless" human trafficking. Thirty people,  many in critical condition and suffering from heat stroke and exhaustion, were removed from the non-air conditioned trailer which also lacked a water supply. ](/news/2017/07/23/nine-men-are-found-dead-inside-a-tractor-trailer-parked-outside-a-walmart-store-in-the-american-city-of-san-antonio-texas-in-what-authorit.md) _Context: United States_
10. [Six teenagers, four males and two females, from a Burundi robotics team are reported missing after competing in the FIRST Global Robotics Competition in Washington, D.C.  A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year old girl reportedly crossed the United States border into Canada. There is no indication of foul play. ](/news/2017/07/20/six-teenagers-four-males-and-two-females-from-a-burundi-robotics-team-are-reported-missing-after-competing-in-the-first-global-robotics-co.md) _Context: United States_
