### [2006-09-14](/news/2006/09/14/index.md)

#  The Ford Motor Company and the United Automobile Workers union agree on a program that will offer buyouts and other incentives to more than 75,000 Ford workers in the United States to persuade them to leave their jobs. 

The U.A.W. agreed on a program to offer buyouts of up to $140,000 to all of Ford’s hourly workers in the U.S.


### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2006/09/14/business/15fordcnd.html?_r=1&adxnnl=1&oref=slogin&ref=business&adxnnlx=1158264013-8hwlfxkzFau8sr1MAy9B7A)
1. [Cover Image](https://static01.nyt.com/images/icons/t_logo_291_black.png)

### Related:

1. [Fiat Chrysler Automobiles (FCA) and the United Auto Workers (UAW) reach a new tentative four-year labor agreement, averting a threatened strike of the automaker's U.S. operations. The agreement must be ratified by a vote of FCA's 40,000 U.S. union workers, who rejected the previous proposal earlier this month. If ratified, the UAW intends to use the pact as a template for negotiations with General Motors Co. and Ford Motor Company. ](/news/2015/10/8/fiat-chrysler-automobiles-fca-and-the-united-auto-workers-uaw-reach-a-new-tentative-four-year-labor-agreement-averting-a-threatened-str.md) _Context: Ford Motor Company, United Auto Workers, United States_
2. [Ford recalls 140,000 Escape model cars from the United States and an additional 21,000 from other nations after 13 engine fires were reported. ](/news/2013/11/26/ford-recalls-140-000-escape-model-cars-from-the-united-states-and-an-additional-21-000-from-other-nations-after-13-engine-fires-were-reporte.md) _Context: Ford Motor Company, United States_
3. [ Members of the United Automobile Workers Union walk off their jobs at General Motors plants across the United States as union and company officials fail to reach agreement on a new contract. ](/news/2007/09/24/members-of-the-united-automobile-workers-union-walk-off-their-jobs-at-general-motors-plants-across-the-united-states-as-union-and-company-o.md) _Context: United Auto Workers, United States_
4. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: United States_
5. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: United States_
6. [United States Senator Susan Collins says she will vote "no" on the Graham-Cassidy bill joining Senators John McCain and Rand Paul and possibly ending the ongoing efforts to repeal Obamacare. ](/news/2017/09/25/united-states-senator-susan-collins-says-she-will-vote-no-on-the-graham-cassidy-bill-joining-senators-john-mccain-and-rand-paul-and-possib.md) _Context: United States_
7. [North Korea says that the recent flight of U.S. aircraft off the coast of North Korea amounts to a declaration of war. ](/news/2017/09/25/north-korea-says-that-the-recent-flight-of-u-s-aircraft-off-the-coast-of-north-korea-amounts-to-a-declaration-of-war.md) _Context: United States_
8. [Facebook agrees to disclose ads that ran in the U.S. in 2016 from accounts associated with a Russian entity known as the Internet Research Agency to United States Congressional investigators. Earlier, this information was provided to Special Counsel Robert Mueller. ](/news/2017/09/21/facebook-agrees-to-disclose-ads-that-ran-in-the-u-s-in-2016-from-accounts-associated-with-a-russian-entity-known-as-the-internet-research-a.md) _Context: United States_
9. [The United States stops giving out visas to high ranking officials of Cambodia, Eritrea, Guinea and Sierra Leone for failing to accept deportations. ](/news/2017/09/13/the-united-states-stops-giving-out-visas-to-high-ranking-officials-of-cambodia-eritrea-guinea-and-sierra-leone-for-failing-to-accept-depor.md) _Context: United States_
10. [In an official dinner hosted by the United States President, Donald Trump and leaders of the Democratic party Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi agree to fix DACA but disagree with the details, with Trump denying on Twitter the following day that a deal had been made which excluded funding for his proposed wall on the Mexico-United States border. ](/news/2017/09/13/in-an-official-dinner-hosted-by-the-united-states-president-donald-trump-and-leaders-of-the-democratic-party-chuck-schumer-and-nancy-pelosi.md) _Context: United States_
