### [2006-09-14](/news/2006/09/14/index.md)

#  U.S. Representative Bob Ney (R-Ohio) has agreed to plead guilty to federal criminal charges related to his dealings with the lobbyist Jack Abramoff according to lawyers and others with knowledge of the investigation. 




### Source:

1. [New York Times News Service](http://www.whittierdailynews.com/ci_4339816)

### Related:

1. [ U.S. Rep. Bob Ney of Ohio resigns from Congress after having pleaded guilty to charges relating to Jack Abramoff. ](/news/2006/11/3/u-s-rep-bob-ney-of-ohio-resigns-from-congress-after-having-pleaded-guilty-to-charges-relating-to-jack-abramoff.md) _Context: Bob Ney, Jack Abramoff, Ohio, United States House of Representatives_
2. [Veteran Ohio Congressman Dennis Kucinich is defeated in a Democrat primary in the 9th district by incumbent Marcia C. Kaptur after he was affected by redistricting - Samuel Wurzelbacher aka Joe the Plumber wins the Republican Party primary. ](/news/2012/03/6/veteran-ohio-congressman-dennis-kucinich-is-defeated-in-a-democrat-primary-in-the-9th-district-by-incumbent-marcia-c-kaptur-after-he-was-af.md) _Context: Ohio, United States House of Representatives_
3. [Incumbent Ohio Congresswoman Jean Schmidt is defeated in the Republican primary in the 2nd district by Brad Wenstrup. ](/news/2012/03/6/incumbent-ohio-congresswoman-jean-schmidt-is-defeated-in-the-republican-primary-in-the-2nd-district-by-brad-wenstrup.md) _Context: Ohio, United States House of Representatives_
4. [ Mary Jo Kilroy wins the final outstanding United States House of Representatives seat in the 2008 general elections by capturing the 15th congressional district of Ohio. This translates to an overall gain of 21 seats for the Democratic Party in the House. ](/news/2008/12/7/mary-jo-kilroy-wins-the-final-outstanding-united-states-house-of-representatives-seat-in-the-2008-general-elections-by-capturing-the-15th-c.md) _Context: Ohio, United States House of Representatives_
5. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Ohio Congressman Dennis Kucinich withdraws his candidacy. ](/news/2008/01/25/united-states-presidential-election-2008-ohio-congressman-dennis-kucinich-withdraws-his-candidacy.md) _Context: Ohio, United States House of Representatives_
6. [ Representative John Boehner of Ohio becomes the U.S. House Majority Leader, beating out acting majority leader Roy Blunt in a house vote. ](/news/2006/02/2/representative-john-boehner-of-ohio-becomes-the-u-s-house-majority-leader-beating-out-acting-majority-leader-roy-blunt-in-a-house-vote.md) _Context: Ohio, United States House of Representatives_
7. [ Ohio Iraq War veteran Paul Hackett is expected to run in the state Democratic primary to contest the seat of Republican Senator Mike DeWine. Hackett lost in a closely contested House race on August 2.](/news/2005/10/4/ohio-iraq-war-veteran-paul-hackett-is-expected-to-run-in-the-state-democratic-primary-to-contest-the-seat-of-republican-senator-mike-dewine.md) _Context: Ohio, United States House of Representatives_
8. [ Senator John Kerry concedes to President George W. Bush "The outcome should be decided by voters, not a protracted legal process", Kerry said. "I would not give up if there was a chance we could prevail." [http://reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6703896 (Reuters)] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/3980533.stm (BBC)] Republican President George W. Bush wins the popular vote, receiving 3.58 million more votes than Democratic Senator John Kerry. (51.6% to 48.4%, 59.0 million to 55.4 million) Claiming victory in the swing state of Ohio, Bush will probably have more than the 270 votes needed when the U.S. Electoral College meets on December 13. [http://www.cnn.com/ELECTION/2004/ (CNN)] The Republican Party widens its majority in the Senate and House of Representatives. Democratic Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle concedes defeat to Republican challenger John Thune, thus becoming the first Senate leader in 52 years to lose a re-election bid and leaving the leadership of the Democratic Party in the Senate open. [http://www.cnn.com/2004/ALLPOLITICS/11/02/senate.main/index.html (CNN)] The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) reports that on November 2, touch-screen electronic voting machines in at least six U.S. states had incorrectly recorded their choices, including for the presidential election. Incorrectly recorded votes make up roughly 20 percent of the e-voting problems. [http://www.eff.org/news/archives/2004_11.php#002062 (EFF)] Same-sex marriage in the United States: Gay rights activists suffer a severe setback when state constitutional amendments prohibiting same-sex marriage are passed in eleven states: Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, Michigan, Mississippi, Montana, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, Oregon, and Utah. The measures in Oregon, Mississippi, and Montana ban same-sex marriage only, while Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, and Utah ban both same-sex marriage and civil unions and Michigan bans granting any benefits whatsoever to same-sex couples. ](/news/2004/11/3/senator-john-kerry-concedes-to-president-george-w-bush-the-outcome-should-be-decided-by-voters-not-a-protracted-legal-process-kerry-sa.md) _Context: Ohio, United States House of Representatives_
9. [The United States House of Representatives pass a bill ending Dodd-Frank regulations. The bill now goes to the Senate where it is expected to not go through. ](/news/2017/06/8/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-pass-a-bill-ending-doddafrank-regulations-the-bill-now-goes-to-the-senate-where-it-is-expected.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
10. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
