### [2015-09-4](/news/2015/09/4/index.md)

# Iraq War (2014-present): Iraqi security forces raid the offices of Kata'ib Hezbollah in Baghdad, accusing them of being involved in the abduction of 18 Turkish workers. 

Gunmen in military uniform seized 18 Turkish workers on Wednesday from a sports stadium they were building in northeastern Baghdad.


### Source:

1. [Reuters via ''Economic Times](http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/iraqi-army-raids-militia-headquarters-suspecting-link-to-turkish-abductees/articleshow/48809604.cms)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): The Government of Iraq calls on Turkey to withdraw its troops from northern Iraq, near the Islamic State-controlled city of Mosul. Iraq's Foreign Ministry said Turkish forces had entered Iraqi territory without the knowledge of the central government in Baghdad. ](/news/2015/12/5/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-the-government-of-iraq-calls-on-turkey-to-withdraw-its-troops-from-northern-iraq-near-the-islamic-state-c.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Turkey_
2. [2015 Baghdad market truck bomb: Iraq War (2014-present): A truck bombing in Baghdad, Iraq kills at least 76 people and wounds 212 others. Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2015/08/13/2015-baghdad-market-truck-bomb-iraq-war-2014-present-a-truck-bombing-in-baghdad-iraq-kills-at-least-76-people-and-wounds-212-others.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Iraq War (2014-present)_
3. [April 2017 Turkish airstrikes in Syria and Iraq: Turkish air strikes kill 18 Kurdish YPG fighters and media officials in northeastern Syria. Also five Peshmerga fighters are killed during a Turkish attack on Sinjar in Iraq. Turkey also claims to have destroyed "terror hubs". Iraq denounces the strike as a violation of its sovereignty. ](/news/2017/04/25/april-2017-turkish-airstrikes-in-syria-and-iraq-turkish-air-strikes-kill-18-kurdish-ypg-fighters-and-media-officials-in-northeastern-syria.md) _Context: Iraq, Turkey_
4. [Violence erupts at a protest rally in Baghdad, Iraq, killing at least four protesters and one police officer. Thousands of supporters of Shia cleric Muqtada al-Sadr gathered in the capital to demand an overhaul of the country's electoral system. ](/news/2017/02/11/violence-erupts-at-a-protest-rally-in-baghdad-iraq-killing-at-least-four-protesters-and-one-police-officer-thousands-of-supporters-of-shi.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq_
5. [January 2017 Baghdad bombings: A series of attacks kill at least 70 people and injure more than 100 others in mostly Shiite neighborhoods of Baghdad, Iraq. ](/news/2017/01/2/january-2017-baghdad-bombings-a-series-of-attacks-kill-at-least-70-people-and-injure-more-than-100-others-in-mostly-shiite-neighborhoods-of.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq_
6. [Kurdish-Turkish conflict (1978-present): Turkish Armed Forces claims that it has killed three Kurdistan Workers' Party fighters in air strikes in southeastern Turkey near the borders with Iraq. ](/news/2016/09/1/kurdish-turkish-conflict-1978-present-turkish-armed-forces-claims-that-it-has-killed-three-kurdistan-workers-party-fighters-in-air-s.md) _Context: Iraq, Turkey_
7. [European migrant crisis: Police in northern Greece move more than 400 Syrians and Iraqis by bus from a makeshift camp near the Macedonian border to a shelter near the northern city of Thessaloniki. More than 50,000 migrants remain stranded in Greece following European border closures, and the European Union's agreement with Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/13/european-migrant-crisis-police-in-northern-greece-move-more-than-400-syrians-and-iraqis-by-bus-from-a-makeshift-camp-near-the-macedonian-bo.md) _Context: Iraq, Turkey_
8. [ 2015-16 Iraqi protests: Iraqi security forces fire tear gas and water cannon on protesters attempting to storm the Green Zone in Baghdad, injuring at least 33. ](/news/2016/05/20/2015-16-iraqi-protests-iraqi-security-forces-fire-tear-gas-and-water-cannon-on-protesters-attempting-to-storm-the-green-zone-in-baghdad.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq_
9. [ Iraqi civil war (2014-present): At least three civilians are killed and 10 others wounded in a bomb attack in Baghdad, Iraq. ](/news/2016/05/19/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-at-least-three-civilians-are-killed-and-10-others-wounded-in-a-bomb-attack-in-baghdad-iraq.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq_
10. [ Iraqi civil war (2014-present): 17 May 2016 Baghdad bombings: At least 69 people are killed and 230 injured in a series of bomb attacks targeting Shiite neighborhoods in Baghdad, Iraq. Islamic State of Iraq and Syria claims responsibility for some of the attacks. ](/news/2016/05/17/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-17-may-2016-baghdad-bombings-at-least-69-people-are-killed-and-230-injured-in-a-series-of-bomb-attacks-t.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq_
