### [2015-09-4](/news/2015/09/4/index.md)

# Tropical Storm Ignacio, currently headed north-northwest away from Hawaii, is anticipated  to turn northeast on Sunday, heading for the Alaskan panhandle and northwestern British Columbia. 

Steering winds could take Ignacio, currently a post-tropical cyclone, into the southeastern arm of Alaska or British Columbia during the middle days of next week.


### Source:

1. [AccuWeather](http://www.accuweather.com/en/weather-news/ignacio-stormy-weather-alaska-british-columbia-canada/52166553)
2. [SurfLine.com](http://www.surfline.com/surf-news/healthy-ne-trending-nne-to-nnw-swell-through-second-half-of-the-week-tropical-storm-ignacio-weakens-north-of-h_130850/)

### Related:

1. [ Hurricane Ignacio, which has weakened to a Category 3 (115 mph) storm, is expected to side-step Hawaii this week though will still generate high surf, rain and powerful winds. The Big Island and Maui remain on a tropical storm watch. Ignacio may re-strengthen to a hurricane when he clears Oahu on Wednesday. ](/news/2015/08/30/hurricane-ignacio-which-has-weakened-to-a-category-3-115-mph-storm-is-expected-to-side-step-hawaii-this-week-though-will-still-generate.md) _Context: 2015 Pacific hurricane season, Hawaii, Tropical Storm Ignacio_
2. [Hawaii Governor David Ige signs an emergency proclamation in anticipation of the arrival of Hurricane Ignacio on Monday. Ignacio is expected to strengthen to Category 2 this weekend. The state is still recovering from precipitation from Tropical Storm Kilo which skirted the islands earlier this week. In addition, Hurricane Jimena, which is expected to intensify to near category 5 strength on Saturday, is trailing Ignacio and also heading toward Hawaii. ](/news/2015/08/28/hawaii-governor-david-ige-signs-an-emergency-proclamation-in-anticipation-of-the-arrival-of-hurricane-ignacio-on-monday-ignacio-is-expected.md) _Context: 2015 Pacific hurricane season, Tropical Storm Ignacio_
3. [A request by the state of Hawaii to issue an order blocking President Donald Trump's Executive Order 13780 is rejected in the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. ](/news/2017/07/7/a-request-by-the-state-of-hawaii-to-issue-an-order-blocking-president-donald-trump-s-executive-order-13780-is-rejected-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: Hawaii_
4. [At least three people are killed and two hospitalized, one in serious condition, from a fire in a  condominium tower in the American city of Honolulu, Hawaii. An unknown number of residents are reportedly still trapped in their apartments. ](/news/2017/07/14/at-least-three-people-are-killed-and-two-hospitalized-one-in-serious-condition-from-a-fire-in-a-condominium-tower-in-the-american-city-of.md) _Context: Hawaii_
5. [The state of Hawaii becomes the first state to enact a law, to document sea level rise and set strategies to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, that aligns the state's goals with the Paris climate accord. Governor David Ige  says the islands are seeing the impacts of climate change first-hand. ](/news/2017/06/8/the-state-of-hawaii-becomes-the-first-state-to-enact-a-law-to-document-sea-level-rise-and-set-strategies-to-reduce-greenhouse-gas-emissions.md) _Context: Hawaii_
6. [A U.S. federal judge in Hawaii, finding the revised federal immigration/refugee executive order violates the U.S. Constitution's religious establishment clause, grants the state of Hawaii's motion for a nationwide temporary restraining order on these rules that were set to become effective at midnight. President Donald Trump vows to appeal this ruling. Two other federal courts held hearings on similar requests filed by the states of Maryland and Washington; neither of these judges issued a ruling. ](/news/2017/03/15/a-u-s-federal-judge-in-hawaii-finding-the-revised-federal-immigration-refugee-executive-order-violates-the-u-s-constitution-s-religious-e.md) _Context: Hawaii_
7. [The state of Washington, joined by the states of California, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, and Oregon, asks a federal judge to  stop, on constitutional grounds, the revised federal immigration/refugee rules from taking effect on Thursday, March 16. The state of Hawaii has filed a separate, similar request. ](/news/2017/03/13/the-state-of-washington-joined-by-the-states-of-california-maryland-massachusetts-new-york-and-oregon-asks-a-federal-judge-to-stop-o.md) _Context: Hawaii_
8. [Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe makes a landmark visit to Naval Station Pearl Harbor in Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, offering "sincere and everlasting condolences" to the victims of the attack on Pearl Harbor by the Japanese empire on December 7, 1941. ](/news/2016/12/27/japanese-prime-minister-shinza-abe-makes-a-landmark-visit-to-naval-station-pearl-harbor-in-pearl-harbor-hawaii-offering-sincere-and-ever.md) _Context: Hawaii_
9. [Hawaii U.S. Senator Brian Schatz criticizes Donald Trump for calling the Philippines a 'terrorist' country. ](/news/2016/08/6/hawaii-u-s-senator-brian-schatz-criticizes-donald-trump-for-calling-the-philippines-a-terrorist-country.md) _Context: Hawaii_
10. [Tropical Storm Madeline  is expected to reach the American state of Hawaii Tuesday, just before world leaders arrive for the World Conservation Congress. ](/news/2016/08/28/tropical-storm-madeline-is-expected-to-reach-the-american-state-of-hawaii-tuesday-just-before-world-leaders-arrive-for-the-world-conservat.md) _Context: Hawaii_
