### [2010-10-16](/news/2010/10/16/index.md)

# China mounts a diplomatic campaign to block the publication of a U.N. report that claims that Chinese ammunition has been shipped into Darfur in the past year in violation of U.N. sanctions. 




### Source:

1. [Bor Globe](http://www.borglobe.com/25.html?m7:post=u-n-report-chinese-bullets-killed-peacekeepers-in-darfur)
2. [The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2010/10/15/AR2010101506100.html)

### Related:

1. [Central African Republic conflict:Russia and China have blocked a proposal by the United States and France to impose U.N. sanctions on Central African Republic's former President Francois Bozize and two other people linked to the conflict. ](/news/2014/04/23/central-african-republic-conflict-prussia-and-china-have-blocked-a-proposal-by-the-united-states-and-france-to-impose-u-n-sanctions-on-cent.md) _Context: Chinese, U.N._
2. [China condemns a United Nations report that says Chinese bullets were used in attacks on international peacekeeping forces in the Darfur region of Sudan. ](/news/2010/10/21/china-condemns-a-united-nations-report-that-says-chinese-bullets-were-used-in-attacks-on-international-peacekeeping-forces-in-the-darfur-reg.md) _Context: Chinese, Darfur_
3. [ Chinese President Hu Jintao tells a U.N. summit on climate change that China will reduce greenhouse gas emissions and increase reliance on clean energy sources in coming years. ](/news/2009/09/22/chinese-president-hu-jintao-tells-a-u-n-summit-on-climate-change-that-china-will-reduce-greenhouse-gas-emissions-and-increase-reliance-on.md) _Context: Chinese, U.N._
4. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: Chinese_
5. [A Chinese state company signs an order with Airbus for 100 A320 and 40 A350 airplanes. ](/news/2017/07/5/a-chinese-state-company-signs-an-order-with-airbus-for-100-a320-and-40-a350-airplanes.md) _Context: Chinese_
6. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: Chinese_
7. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: Chinese_
8. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: Chinese_
9. [Prominent Chinese dissident and Nobel Peace Prize winner Liu Xiaobo dies.  ](/news/2017/07/13/prominent-chinese-dissident-and-nobel-peace-prize-winner-liu-xiaobo-dies.md) _Context: Chinese_
10. [Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-charter-08-is-suffering-fr.md) _Context: Chinese_
