### [2003-08-30](/news/2003/08/30/index.md)

#  Natural disaster: French official first report from the Institut de Veille Sanitaire was presented to Jean-Franois Mattei (Health Minister). It reports 11,500 more deaths than the previous three years would be due to the heat wave of early August. It had previously been suggested that the number was 3,000.




### Related:

1. [Residents are ordered to evacuate from the Australian city of Queanbeyan with Steve Whan, the New South Wales Minister for Emergency Services, declaring it a natural disaster area due to flooding. ](/news/2010/12/9/residents-are-ordered-to-evacuate-from-the-australian-city-of-queanbeyan-with-steve-whan-the-new-south-wales-minister-for-emergency-service.md) _Context: natural disaster_
2. [ A rocket is launched from Kazakhstan carrying two British-built satellites designed to help monitor natural disasters. ](/news/2009/07/29/a-rocket-is-launched-from-kazakhstan-carrying-two-british-built-satellites-designed-to-help-monitor-natural-disasters.md) _Context: natural disaster_
3. [ South East Queensland, Australia, is declared a natural disaster zone, following flooding. ](/news/2009/05/20/south-east-queensland-australia-is-declared-a-natural-disaster-zone-following-flooding.md) _Context: natural disaster_
4. [ A U.N. World Conference on Disaster Reduction in Kobe, Japan begins. About 3,000 government officials, non-governmental experts and other specialists from around the world will discuss the growing trend of people affected by natural disasters. ](/news/2005/01/18/a-u-n-world-conference-on-disaster-reduction-in-kobe-japan-begins-about-3-000-government-officials-non-governmental-experts-and-other-s.md) _Context: natural disaster_
5. [ Natural disaster: Wildfires sweep into the southern suburbs of Kelowna, British Columbia, Canada, destroying more than 200 homes. One-third of the city's population, or 30,000 people, have been evacuated.](/news/2003/08/23/natural-disaster-wildfires-sweep-into-the-southern-suburbs-of-kelowna-british-columbia-canada-destroying-more-than-200-homes-one-third.md) _Context: natural disaster_
6. [ Natural disaster: Wildfire forces around 10,000 people from their homes in Kelowna, British Columbia. This is Western Canada's worst fire season in decades.](/news/2003/08/22/natural-disaster-wildfire-forces-around-10-000-people-from-their-homes-in-kelowna-british-columbia-this-is-western-canada-s-worst-fire-s.md) _Context: natural disaster_
7. [ Natural disaster: Ecuador's Tungurahua volcano sends a column of smoke and ash three kilometres into the air.](/news/2003/08/22/natural-disaster-ecuador-s-tungurahua-volcano-sends-a-column-of-smoke-and-ash-three-kilometres-into-the-air.md) _Context: natural disaster_
8. [ Natural disaster: French undertakers state that 10,000 more French people died during the early August summer heatwave than the first two weeks of August in 2002. It had previously been suggested that the number was 3,000. President Jacques Chirac demands reports from cabinet ministers on the crisis, while in Italy the newspaper "La Repubblica" suggests that Italy had 2000 more deaths than normal due to the heatwave.](/news/2003/08/20/natural-disaster-french-undertakers-state-that-10-000-more-french-people-died-during-the-early-august-summer-heatwave-than-the-first-two-w.md) _Context: natural disaster_
9. [ Natural disaster: Start of the Booth and Bear Butte forest fires in the Cascade Mountains, the worst fire in Oregon of this year. Within three days the resort community of Camp Sherman is evacuated, affecting 1,500 residents and campers, closure of US highway 20 over Santiam Pass, and burning at least 41,000 acres (170&nbsp;km2).](/news/2003/08/19/natural-disaster-start-of-the-booth-and-bear-butte-forest-fires-in-the-cascade-mountains-the-worst-fire-in-oregon-of-this-year-within-th.md) _Context: natural disaster_
10. [ Natural disaster - a major earthquake hit Iran, with its epicentre at Bou'in-Zahra, measuring at least 6.0 on the Richter scale.](/news/2002/06/22/natural-disaster-a-a-major-earthquake-hit-iran-with-its-epicentre-at-bou-in-zahra-measuring-at-least-6-0-on-the-richter-scale.md) _Context: natural disaster_
