### [2003-08-30](/news/2003/08/30/index.md)

#  Russian nuclear submarine of K-159 November class sinks in the Barents Sea. The sub was decommissioned and it had 10 crew on board. The incident comes three years after Russia's worst peacetime naval disaster when all 118 crew of the nuclear submarine Kursk died when it sank in the Barents Sea on August 12, 2000. Environmental organizations say that the submarine could be dangerous for fishes, because radioactive material could leak to the sea from its two nuclear reactors.




### Related:

1. [ The Cosmos 1 experimental solar sail spacecraft, a project of international space advocacy group The Planetary Society and science based entertainment company Cosmos Studios, is launched by a Russian R-29R Volna ICBM from a Russian Delta III submarine submerged in the Barents Sea. However, the spacecraft is feared lost, for the rocket failed 83 seconds after launch. ](/news/2005/06/21/the-cosmos-1-experimental-solar-sail-spacecraft-a-project-of-international-space-advocacy-group-the-planetary-society-and-science-based-en.md) _Context: Barents Sea, submarine_
2. [The Tennessee Valley Authority completes the Watts Bar Nuclear Plant, the first U.S. nuclear reactor to enter commercial operation in 20 years. ](/news/2016/10/21/the-tennessee-valley-authority-completes-the-watts-bar-nuclear-plant-the-first-u-s-nuclear-reactor-to-enter-commercial-operation-in-20-yea.md) _Context: nuclear reactor_
3. [The U.S. Navy dispatches a carrier strike group containing the Nimitz carrier nuclear-powered supercarrier John C. Stennis to the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/03/4/the-u-s-navy-dispatches-a-carrier-strike-group-containing-the-nimitz-carrier-nuclear-powered-supercarrier-john-c-stennis-to-the-south-chin.md) _Context: nuclear reactor_
4. [United States officials say North Korea has apparently lost contact with one of its submarines. The U.S. was watching the sub off North Korea's eastern coast when it vanished earlier this week. Officials are unsure whether the missing vessel is adrift or has sunk. ](/news/2016/03/13/united-states-officials-say-north-korea-has-apparently-lost-contact-with-one-of-its-submarines-the-u-s-was-watching-the-sub-off-north-kore.md) _Context: submarine_
5. [The U.S. Navy's newest submarine, the 12th in the Virginia-class submarine line, the John Warner, joins the fleet in a commissioning ceremony at Norfolk Naval Station in Norfolk, Virginia. ](/news/2015/08/4/the-u-s-navy-s-newest-submarine-the-12th-in-the-virginia-class-submarine-line-the-john-warner-joins-the-fleet-in-a-commissioning-ceremon.md) _Context: submarine_
6. [NATO intercepts Russian jets over the Baltic Sea while Sweden's six-day search for a possibly damaged Russian Navy submarine continues. ](/news/2014/10/22/nato-intercepts-russian-jets-over-the-baltic-sea-while-sweden-s-six-day-search-for-a-possibly-damaged-russian-navy-submarine-continues.md) _Context: submarine_
7. [A European Commission report draft estimates the investment needed for increasing the safety of Europe's 134 power station nuclear reactors at 10 to 25 billion euro. The full report on the stress tests is to be debated by EU ministers later this month. ](/news/2012/10/2/a-european-commission-report-draft-estimates-the-investment-needed-for-increasing-the-safety-of-europe-s-134-power-station-nuclear-reactors.md) _Context: nuclear reactor_
8. [Four suspects are arrested in Germany for their alleged involvement in illegally providing Iran with necessary technical parts to build a nuclear reactor. ](/news/2012/08/15/four-suspects-are-arrested-in-germany-for-their-alleged-involvement-in-illegally-providing-iran-with-necessary-technical-parts-to-build-a-nu.md) _Context: nuclear reactor_
9. [Japan shuts down its last nuclear reactor, leaving the country without nuclear power for the first time since 1970. ](/news/2012/05/5/japan-shuts-down-its-last-nuclear-reactor-leaving-the-country-without-nuclear-power-for-the-first-time-since-1970.md) _Context: nuclear reactor_
10. [Thousands of people march in Japan against the resumption of nuclear reactors that were closed after the Fukushima disaster last year. ](/news/2012/02/11/thousands-of-people-march-in-japan-against-the-resumption-of-nuclear-reactors-that-were-closed-after-the-fukushima-disaster-last-year.md) _Context: nuclear reactor_
