### [2003-08-30](/news/2003/08/30/index.md)

#  Top fashion designer Stella McCartney, third daughter of former Beatle Sir Paul McCartney marries publisher Alasdhair Willis in a private Roman Catholic chapel at Mount Stuart House, the stately home of the Marquess of Bute.




### Related:

1. [Pope Francis issues "Amoris Laetitia" or the Joy of Love, a document on the Roman Catholic approach to love, sex, marriage and family life. ](/news/2016/04/8/pope-francis-issues-amoris-laetitia-or-the-joy-of-love-a-document-on-the-roman-catholic-approach-to-love-sex-marriage-and-family-life.md) _Context: Roman Catholic_
2. [In Australia, the New South Wales Police charge the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Adelaide, Philip Wilson, with allegedly covering up a child sexual abuse crime committed by another priest, James Fletcher, in the 1970s. ](/news/2015/03/17/in-australia-the-new-south-wales-police-charge-the-roman-catholic-archbishop-of-adelaide-philip-wilson-with-allegedly-covering-up-a-child.md) _Context: Roman Catholic_
3. [Tens of thousands of Roman Catholics greet Pope Francis in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, during his first foreign trip as pontiff. ](/news/2013/07/23/tens-of-thousands-of-roman-catholics-greet-pope-francis-in-rio-de-janeiro-brazil-during-his-first-foreign-trip-as-pontiff.md) _Context: Roman Catholic_
4. [One person is dead and another 57 are injured after a bomb detonates inside a Roman Catholic church in Arusha, Tanzania. ](/news/2013/05/5/one-person-is-dead-and-another-57-are-injured-after-a-bomb-detonates-inside-a-roman-catholic-church-in-arusha-tanzania.md) _Context: Roman Catholic_
5. [Papal conclave, 2013: More than 100 Roman Catholic cardinals meet in Rome to start the process of selecting a successor to Pope Benedict XVI. ](/news/2013/03/4/papal-conclave-2013-more-than-100-roman-catholic-cardinals-meet-in-rome-to-start-the-process-of-selecting-a-successor-to-pope-benedict-xvi.md) _Context: Roman Catholic_
6. [Black smoke rises from the Vatican's Sistine Chapel, signalling that Roman Catholic Cardinals had not elected a new pope in the morning session of the second day of voting at their conclave. ](/news/2013/03/13/black-smoke-rises-from-the-vatican-s-sistine-chapel-signalling-that-roman-catholic-cardinals-had-not-elected-a-new-pope-in-the-morning-sess.md) _Context: Roman Catholic_
7. [Archbishop of Glasgow Philip Tartaglia is appointed apostolic administrator of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of St Andrews and Edinburgh following Monday's resignation of Cardinal Keith O'Brien. ](/news/2013/02/27/archbishop-of-glasgow-philip-tartaglia-is-appointed-apostolic-administrator-of-the-roman-catholic-archdiocese-of-st-andrews-and-edinburgh-fo.md) _Context: Roman Catholic_
8. [Bishop Richard Williamson, because of his opposition to dialogue and his Holocaust denial, is expelled from the Society of Saint Pius X (SSPX) by its superior, Bishop Bernard Fellay. The SSPX is a formerly breakaway ultra-conservative Roman Catholic society founded by the late Archbishop Marcel Lefebvre that is critical of many of the changes in the Church brought about by Vatican Council II. ](/news/2012/10/25/bishop-richard-williamson-because-of-his-opposition-to-dialogue-and-his-holocaust-denial-is-expelled-from-the-society-of-saint-pius-x-ssp.md) _Context: Roman Catholic_
9. [Organisers pull the plug on a duet between Bruce Springsteen and Paul McCartney at Hyde Park, London, after it breached its legal curfew. ](/news/2012/07/15/organisers-pull-the-plug-on-a-duet-between-bruce-springsteen-and-paul-mccartney-at-hyde-park-london-after-it-breached-its-legal-curfew.md) _Context: Paul McCartney_
10. [Former Beatle Sir Paul McCartney marries American heiress Nancy Shevell at a ceremony in London. ](/news/2011/10/9/former-beatle-sir-paul-mccartney-marries-american-heiress-nancy-shevell-at-a-ceremony-in-london.md) _Context: Paul McCartney_
