### [2003-08-30](/news/2003/08/30/index.md)

#  WTO deal to allow poor countries to bypass drug patents and import cheap copies to treat AIDS, malaria and tuberculosis.




### Related:

1. [ The United States House of Representatives votes to provide $50 billion over five years to fight AIDS, tuberculosis and malaria in Africa and other third world areas. ](/news/2008/04/2/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-to-provide-50-billion-over-five-years-to-fight-aids-tuberculosis-and-malaria-in-africa-a.md) _Context: AIDS, malaria, tuberculosis_
2. [ The Moscow City Court rules that former Yukos Oil Company vice president Vasily Aleksanyan, who is suffering from lymphoma, tuberculosis, and AIDS, will be freed on bail of 50 million rubles (US$1.78 million). ](/news/2008/12/8/the-moscow-city-court-rules-that-former-yukos-oil-company-vice-president-vasily-aleksanyan-who-is-suffering-from-lymphoma-tuberculosis-a.md) _Context: AIDS, tuberculosis_
3. [ Research linking the spread of the AIDS virus with malarial infections in Africa is published in "Science". ](/news/2006/12/8/research-linking-the-spread-of-the-aids-virus-with-malarial-infections-in-africa-is-published-in-science.md) _Context: AIDS, malaria_
4. [The head of Brazil's AIDS program, Pedro Chequer, says the government will violate patents on anti-AIDS drugs by copying them, citing unsustainable increases in cost. ](/news/2004/12/1/the-head-of-brazil-s-aids-program-pedro-chequer-says-the-government-will-violate-patents-on-anti-aids-drugs-by-copying-them-citing-unsust.md) _Context: AIDS, patent_
5. [Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt-bahrain-and-unite.md) _Context: World Trade Organization_
6. [Apple Inc. and Nokia agree to increase their partnership after settling a patent dispute. ](/news/2017/05/23/apple-inc-and-nokia-agree-to-increase-their-partnership-after-settling-a-patent-dispute.md) _Context: patent_
7. [The World Health Organization declares an end to its global health crisis over the spread of the Zika virus as it has been shown to be a dangerous mosquito-borne disease like malaria or yellow fever. ](/news/2016/11/18/the-world-health-organization-declares-an-end-to-its-global-health-crisis-over-the-spread-of-the-zika-virus-as-it-has-been-shown-to-be-a-dan.md) _Context: malaria_
8. [ A research team led by an evolutionary biologist at the University of Arizona publishes a paper in "Nature" on the genetic history of HIV proving that Gaetan Dugas, the Canadian flight attendant who had been identified for years as "Patient Zero" of the AIDS epidemic in the U.S., did not spread the virus to the country. The study indicates that HIV first spread to the U.S. from the Caribbean around 1970. ](/news/2016/10/26/a-research-team-led-by-an-evolutionary-biologist-at-the-university-of-arizona-publishes-a-paper-in-nature-on-the-genetic-history-of-hiv-p.md) _Context: AIDS_
9. [ Google receives a United States patent for an adhesive for its self-driving cars, so-called "human flypaper", designed to minimize injuries in a pedestrian accident by holding the person to the car rather than being thrown after impact. ](/news/2016/05/19/google-receives-a-united-states-patent-for-an-adhesive-for-its-self-driving-cars-so-called-human-flypaper-designed-to-minimize-injuries.md) _Context: patent_
10. [A federal appeals court rules in favor of Samsung on several issues arising out of that company's long-running patent dispute with Apple, overturning a $120 million jury verdict in Apple's favor in 2014. ](/news/2016/02/26/a-federal-appeals-court-rules-in-favor-of-samsung-on-several-issues-arising-out-of-that-company-s-long-running-patent-dispute-with-apple-ov.md) _Context: patent_
