### [2012-12-11](/news/2012/12/11/index.md)

# The European Parliament adopts a uniform patent system for members of the European Union. 

The bickering that has plagued the development of a uniform patent system in Europe foreshadows the problems that another crucial effort, the creation of a banking union, could face.


### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2012/12/12/business/global/eu-reaches-agreement-on-system-for-patents.html)

### Related:

1. [Ukraine-European Union relations: Representatives of the European Parliament and European Council sign a document formally granting Ukrainians visa-free travel to the European Union. The visa-free regime is due to enter into force on June 11. ](/news/2017/05/17/ukraine-european-union-relations-representatives-of-the-european-parliament-and-european-council-sign-a-document-formally-granting-ukrain.md) _Context: European Parliament, European Union_
2. [United States-European Union relations: The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/united-states-european-union-relations-the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-go.md) _Context: European Parliament, European Union_
3. [European migrant crisis: EU-Turkey relations: The European Union proposes visa-free travel for Turkish citizens within Europe's Schengen Area and invites member states and EU lawmakers to endorse the move by June 30. The EU says Turkey has met all but five of the 72 criteria included in the agreement in exchange for its efforts to stop asylum seekers from reaching Europe. This visa deal also needs approval from the European Parliament. ](/news/2016/05/4/european-migrant-crisis-eu-turkey-relations-the-european-union-proposes-visa-free-travel-for-turkish-citizens-within-europe-s-schengen-are.md) _Context: European Parliament, European Union_
4. [Ukraine-European Union relations: The European Union proposes offering Ukraine visa-free travel to its members. However, it is still unclear how fast the liberalization process will be dealt with in the European Parliament and European Council, where some EU member states might want to slow down the process. ](/news/2016/04/20/ukraine-european-union-relations-the-european-union-proposes-offering-ukraine-visa-free-travel-to-its-members-however-it-is-still-uncle.md) _Context: European Parliament, European Union_
5. [Foreign relations of Saudi Arabia: Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): The European Parliament adopts a resolution calling for the introduction of an arms embargo against Saudi Arabia, saying the United Kingdom, France and other EU governments should no longer sell weapons to a country accused of targeting civilians in Yemen. ](/news/2016/02/25/foreign-relations-of-saudi-arabia-yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-the-european-parliament-adopts-a-resolution-calling-for-the-introducti.md) _Context: European Parliament, European Union_
6. [Lawmakers from Ukraine ratify a landmark agreement with the European Union in tandem with a meeting of the European Parliament. ](/news/2014/09/16/lawmakers-from-ukraine-ratify-a-landmark-agreement-with-the-european-union-in-tandem-with-a-meeting-of-the-european-parliament.md) _Context: European Parliament, European Union_
7. [European Union member states and European Parliament negotiators reach a deal on a new regulatory system for banks. ](/news/2014/03/20/european-union-member-states-and-european-parliament-negotiators-reach-a-deal-on-a-new-regulatory-system-for-banks.md) _Context: European Parliament, European Union_
8. [In Croatia, people go to the polls to elect the first ever European MPs of the country, anticipating the formal entry of Croatia in the European Union, in July. ](/news/2013/04/14/in-croatia-people-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-the-first-ever-european-mps-of-the-country-anticipating-the-formal-entry-of-croatia-in-the-euro.md) _Context: European Parliament, European Union_
9. [The European Parliament rejects a European Union budget for the first time in its history. ](/news/2013/03/13/the-european-parliament-rejects-a-european-union-budget-for-the-first-time-in-its-history.md) _Context: European Parliament, European Union_
10. [The European Parliament calls on Canada to ensure visa-free travel for all EU citizens in a wide-ranging resolution, while expressing hope that the EU-Canada summit will speed up negotiations on a comprehensive trade agreement. ](/news/2010/05/5/the-european-parliament-calls-on-canada-to-ensure-visa-free-travel-for-all-eu-citizens-in-a-wide-ranging-resolution-while-expressing-hope-t.md) _Context: European Parliament, European Union_
