### [2016-09-22](/news/2016/09/22/index.md)

# A gunman shoots dead two people and then himself at the Tennessee factory Thomas & Betts Corp. 

Your trusted source for breaking news, analysis, exclusive interviews, headlines, and videos at ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/dead-plant-shooting-east-tennessee-42294439)

### Related:

1. [An AMBER Alert is issued in Tennessee and Alabama for Elizabeth Thomas, who is believed to have been kidnapped by her former high school teacher Tad Cummins. ](/news/2017/03/14/an-amber-alert-is-issued-in-tennessee-and-alabama-for-elizabeth-thomas-who-is-believed-to-have-been-kidnapped-by-her-former-high-school-tea.md) _Context: Tennessee_
2. [Two juveniles are charged with aggravated arson in relation to the wildfires that claimed 14 lives in the US town of Gatlinburg, Tennessee. ](/news/2016/12/7/two-juveniles-are-charged-with-aggravated-arson-in-relation-to-the-wildfires-that-claimed-14-lives-in-the-us-town-of-gatlinburg-tennessee.md) _Context: Tennessee_
3. [2016 Southeastern United States wildfires  At least three deaths and several injuries caused by wildfires in Tennessee are reported near Dolly Parton's Dollywood resort. ](/news/2016/11/30/2016-southeastern-united-states-wildfires-pat-least-three-deaths-and-several-injuries-caused-by-wildfires-in-tennessee-are-reported-near-do.md) _Context: Tennessee_
4. [Conservative leaders seeking an alternative to the Republican Party's presumptive presidential nominee Donald Trump are urging Tennessee attorney and ''National Review'' writer David French to enter the 2016 presidential race as an independent candidate. ](/news/2016/05/31/conservative-leaders-seeking-an-alternative-to-the-republican-party-s-presumptive-presidential-nominee-donald-trump-are-urging-tennessee-att.md) _Context: Tennessee_
5. [In the United States, the Tennessee state Senate will vote on a bill, which narrowly passed the House last year, to declare the Holy Bible the official book of Tennessee. Governor Bill Haslam (R) was among those who opposed the bill in 2015. ](/news/2016/03/29/in-the-united-states-the-tennessee-state-senate-will-vote-on-a-bill-which-narrowly-passed-the-house-last-year-to-declare-the-holy-bible-t.md) _Context: Tennessee_
6. [Voters in the U.S. states of Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Colorado, Georgia, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas, Vermont, Virginia, and the overseas territory of American Samoa go to the polls to vote on Super Tuesday. ](/news/2016/03/1/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-alabama-alaska-arkansas-colorado-georgia-massachusetts-minnesota-oklahoma-tennessee-texas-vermont-vi.md) _Context: Tennessee_
7. [Tornadoes of 2015 At least six people die and dozens injured as major storms, packed with tornadoes, move through the American South and Midwest. Three people died when a tornado hit northern Mississippi, one was killed in Arkansas and two more in Tennessee. Officials continue  searching into the night for the missing. ](/news/2015/12/23/tornadoes-of-2015-pat-least-six-people-die-and-dozens-injured-as-major-storms-packed-with-tornadoes-move-through-the-american-south-and-mi.md) _Context: Tennessee_
8. [Glen Casada, a top Republican Tennessee lawmaker who is the chair of the state's House Republican Caucus, suggests activating the Tennessee National Guard to 'round up' Syrian refugees and remove them from the southeastern state, saying "Tennessee is a sovereign state, if the federal government is forsaking the obligation to protect our citizens, we need to act". ](/news/2015/11/18/glen-casada-a-top-republican-tennessee-lawmaker-who-is-the-chair-of-the-stateas-house-republican-caucus-suggests-activating-the-tennesse.md) _Context: Tennessee_
9. [A shooting late Thursday on the Tennessee State University campus in Nashville, Tennessee, U.S., injures three people, one critically. One of those wounded died later at a hospital. The victims were transported to Vanderbilt University Medical Center. ](/news/2015/10/22/a-shooting-late-thursday-on-the-tennessee-state-university-campus-in-nashville-tennessee-u-s-injures-three-people-one-critically-one-o.md) _Context: Tennessee_
10. [The Federal Bureau of Investigation and Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives are investigating a series of fires at black churches in the states of Tennessee, South Carolina, North Carolina and Georgia with three of the four cases confirmed as arson. ](/news/2015/06/28/the-federal-bureau-of-investigation-and-bureau-of-alcohol-tobacco-firearms-and-explosives-are-investigating-a-series-of-fires-at-black-chu.md) _Context: Tennessee_
