### [2016-09-22](/news/2016/09/22/index.md)

# Brazilian police arrest former Finance Minister Guido Mantega as part of an ongoing probe into corruption. 

Brazilian police arrested former Finance Minister Guido Mantega on Thursday as a sweeping corruption investigation struck further at the heart of the Workers Party (PT) that ran the country for 13 years.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-brazil-corruption-mantega-idUSKCN11S14C)

### Related:

1. [Brazilian Finance Minister Guido Mantega moves to secure the Brazilian real amid concerns expressed in the "Financial Times" of currency manipulation by the United States, China and others. ](/news/2011/01/10/brazilian-finance-minister-guido-mantega-moves-to-secure-the-brazilian-real-amid-concerns-expressed-in-the-financial-times-of-currency-man.md) _Context: Finance Minister, Guido Mantega_
2. [A court of Lima orders 18 months of pre-trial imprisonment for former president Ollanta Humala and his wife Nadine Heredia for alleged money laundering. Both have turned themselves in. ](/news/2017/07/14/a-court-of-lima-orders-18-months-of-pre-trial-imprisonment-for-former-president-ollanta-humala-and-his-wife-nadine-heredia-for-alleged-money.md) _Context: Operation Car Wash_
3. [Former Brazilian president Luiz Incio Lula da Silva is convicted on corruption and money laundering charges in connection with the Petrobras investigation. Lula, who remains free on appeal, is sentenced to nine and a half years in prison. ](/news/2017/07/12/former-brazilian-president-luiz-inacio-lula-da-silva-is-convicted-on-corruption-and-money-laundering-charges-in-connection-with-the-petrobra.md) _Context: Operation Car Wash_
4. [Brazilian police arrest EBX Group CEO Eike Batista for allegedly bribing officials in Rio de Janeiro, including former Governor of Rio de Janeiro Sergio Cabral Filho. ](/news/2017/01/30/brazilian-police-arrest-ebx-group-ceo-eike-batista-for-allegedly-bribing-officials-in-rio-de-janeiro-including-former-governor-of-rio-de-ja.md) _Context: Operation Car Wash_
5. [A small plane carrying Brazilian Supreme Court Justice Teori Zavascki crashes into the sea near the tourist town of Paraty in the state of Rio de Janeiro, killing the magistrate and two other people. Zavascki had been handling the politically-charged Operation Car Wash corruption trials. ](/news/2017/01/19/a-small-plane-carrying-brazilian-supreme-court-justice-teori-zavascki-crashes-into-the-sea-near-the-tourist-town-of-paraty-in-the-state-of-r.md) _Context: Operation Car Wash_
6. [Brazilian construction firm Odebrecht and affiliated petrochemical company Braskem plead guilty of violating American foreign bribery laws in connection with the Petrobras deal. ](/news/2016/12/21/brazilian-construction-firm-odebrecht-and-affiliated-petrochemical-company-braskem-plead-guilty-of-violating-american-foreign-bribery-laws-i.md) _Context: Operation Car Wash_
7. [Brazilian prosecutors file corruption charges against former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva and his wife, Marisa Leticia Lula da Silva. Federal judge Sergio Moro will preside over his case. ](/news/2016/09/14/brazilian-prosecutors-file-corruption-charges-against-former-president-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-and-his-wife-marisa-letacia-lula-da-silv.md) _Context: Operation Car Wash_
8. [Acting on a request from Brazil's top prosecutor, Supreme Court Justice Teori Zavascki suspends President of the Deputies Chamber Eduardo Cunha for obstructing the Petrobras corruption investigation. The full court confirms this action, Cunha is eliminated from the line of succession to President Dilma Rousseff, who may be suspended from office next week. ](/news/2016/05/5/acting-on-a-request-from-brazil-s-top-prosecutor-supreme-court-justice-teori-zavascki-suspends-president-of-the-deputies-chamber-eduardo-cu.md) _Context: Operation Car Wash_
9. [Fabiano Silveira, Minister for Transparency, Supervision and Control, resigns after leaked recordings suggested he tried to derail the Petrobras corruption investigation. This "anti-corruption" ministry was created on May 12, 2016, when Vice President Michel Temer was sworn in as acting president. The same tapes led to the resignation of Planning Minister Romero Juca last week. ](/news/2016/05/30/fabiano-silveira-minister-for-transparency-supervision-and-control-resigns-after-leaked-recordings-suggested-he-tried-to-derail-the-petro.md) _Context: Operation Car Wash_
10. [Brazilian Police say they have identified and are searching for four of the more than 30 men suspected in last Saturday's gang rape of a 16-year-old girl in Rio de Janeiro. The assault came to light after several men posted about the attack online. ](/news/2016/05/28/brazilian-police-say-they-have-identified-and-are-searching-for-four-of-the-more-than-30-men-suspected-in-last-saturday-s-gang-rape-of-a-16.md) _Context: Brazilian police_
