### [2016-09-22](/news/2016/09/22/index.md)

# The Obama administration through federal prosecutors announces corruption charges against nine defendants, including a former close aide to New York Governor Andrew Cuomo, over their roles in alleged bribery and fraud schemes tied to the awarding of large state contracts and other activities. 

Federal and state prosecutors on Thursday announced charges against 10 men, including two onetime senior advisers to New York Governor Andrew Cuomo, in corruption and fraud cases involving state contracts worth hundreds of millions of dollars.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-new-york-corruption-idUSKCN11S1E3)
1. [Cover Image](http://s3.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20160922&t=2&i=1154619700&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXNPEC8L1NL)

### Related:

1. [Ray Nagin, the former Mayor of New Orleans, Louisiana, is indicted on 21 different counts including fraud, embezzlement, money laundering, bribery, and tax evasion. ](/news/2013/01/18/ray-nagin-the-former-mayor-of-new-orleans-louisiana-is-indicted-on-21-different-counts-including-fraud-embezzlement-money-laundering-b.md) _Context: bribes, fraud_
2. [ Northern Mariana Islands Lieutenant Governor Timothy P. Villagomez is convicted of fraud, wire fraud, and bribery. ](/news/2009/04/24/northern-mariana-islands-lieutenant-governor-timothy-p-villagomez-is-convicted-of-fraud-wire-fraud-and-bribery.md) _Context: bribes, fraud_
3. [The Obama Administration and Bush Administration had failed to publicly disclose up to thousands of lethal airstrikes the U.S. made in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria against ISIL, Al-Qaeda, and the Taliban via U.S. Army helicopters and drones. ](/news/2017/02/5/the-obama-administration-and-bush-administration-had-failed-to-publicly-disclose-up-to-thousands-of-lethal-airstrikes-the-u-s-made-in-afgha.md) _Context: Obama Administration_
4. [An Austrian court grants a United States request to extradite Ukrainian businessman Dmytro Firtash. U.S. officials accuse Firtash of being involved in a scandal where he allegedly paid US$18.5 million in bribes for a permit to mine titanium in India, something Firtash denies. ](/news/2017/02/21/an-austrian-court-grants-a-united-states-request-to-extradite-ukrainian-businessman-dmytro-firtash-u-s-officials-accuse-firtash-of-being-i.md) _Context: bribes_
5. [Princess Cristina of Spain is acquitted of fraud but her husband is convicted. ](/news/2017/02/17/princess-cristina-of-spain-is-acquitted-of-fraud-but-her-husband-is-convicted.md) _Context: fraud_
6. [A judge in Peru issues an arrest warrant for former President Alejandro Toledo for allegedly receiving US$20 million in bribes from Odebrecht, a Brazilian construction company, in exchange for a contract deal to build a transoceanic highway between Brazil and the Peruvian coast. Toledo denies any wrongdoing. ](/news/2017/02/10/a-judge-in-peru-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-former-president-alejandro-toledo-for-allegedly-receiving-us-20-million-in-bribes-from-odebrech.md) _Context: bribes_
7. [The Obama administration lifts U.S. sanctions on Myanmar by terminating an emergency order that deemed the policies of the former military government a threat to U.S. national security. ](/news/2016/10/7/the-obama-administration-lifts-u-s-sanctions-on-myanmar-by-terminating-an-emergency-order-that-deemed-the-policies-of-the-former-military-g.md) _Context: Obama Administration_
8. [The Obama administration formally accuses the Russian government of cyber attacks against the U.S. Democratic Party in influencing presidential election. ](/news/2016/10/7/the-obama-administration-formally-accuses-the-russian-government-of-cyber-attacks-against-the-u-s-democratic-party-in-influencing-president.md) _Context: Obama Administration_
9. [The Obama administration through the U.S. State Department announces the suspension of bilateral talks with Russia about the cessation of hostilities in Syria, as Russia and the Syrian government continue to pursue a military course despite the ceasefire accord. ](/news/2016/10/3/the-obama-administration-through-the-u-s-state-department-announces-the-suspension-of-bilateral-talks-with-russia-about-the-cessation-of-ho.md) _Context: Obama Administration_
10. [The Obama administration through the U.S. Department of Justice announces that they will file criminal contempt of court charges against Maricopa County, Arizona sheriff Joe Arpaio for violating a judge's order to stop immigration patrols that led to a court finding of racial profiling. The charges carry a maximum penalty of six months in jail. ](/news/2016/10/11/the-obama-administration-through-the-u-s-department-of-justice-announces-that-they-will-file-criminal-contempt-of-court-charges-against-mar.md) _Context: Obama Administration_
