### [2007-02-20](/news/2007/02/20/index.md)

#  The United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit rules 2-1 to uphold an act of the 109th Congress removing the right of Guantanamo Bay detainees to challenge their detention in lower federal courts. The Military Commissions Act suspends the right to ''habeas corpus'' and bars anyone deemed an "enemy combatant" access to the federal courts. 

Things to do in Miami


### Source:

1. [Miami Herald](http://www.miami.com/mld/miamiherald/16740785.htm)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/politicsNews/idUSN2016803120070220)

### Related:

1. [ The Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit rules that Hozaifa Parhat, a Chinese Uyghur militant currently detained at the Guantanamo Bay detention camp, cannot be ruled an "enemy combatant" because he never took up arms against the United States. ](/news/2008/06/23/the-court-of-appeals-for-the-d-c-circuit-rules-that-hozaifa-parhat-a-chinese-uyghur-militant-currently-detained-at-the-guantanamo-bay-det.md) _Context: U.S. Appeals Court Judge, enemy combatant_
2. [U.S. Appeals Court Judge Patricia Millett rejects the Federal Aviation Administration argument that seat size is unimportant when passengers exit a plane in an emergency, and orders the FAA to set minimum standards for the space airlines give passengers.  ](/news/2017/07/28/u-s-appeals-court-judge-patricia-millett-rejects-the-federal-aviation-administration-argument-that-seat-size-is-unimportant-when-passengers.md) _Context: U.S. Appeals Court Judge_
3. [Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte threatens to suspend the country's habeas corpus "if forced to" by what he says the worsening lawlessness in the country. He mentioned in the same speech, the alleged widespread illegal drug trade in the country, the rebellion in Mindanao, and the worsening campaign against the militant Maute group. ](/news/2016/11/13/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-threatens-to-suspend-the-country-s-habeas-corpus-if-forced-to-by-what-he-says-the-worsening-lawlessne.md) _Context: habeas corpus_
4. [A U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit three-judge  panel upholds the Federal Communications Commission's net neutrality rules that prohibit broadband providers from giving or selling access to faster internet service to selected customers. ](/news/2016/06/14/a-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-district-of-columbia-circuit-three-judge-panel-upholds-the-federal-communications-commission-s-net-neutrali.md) _Context: U.S. Appeals Court Judge_
5. [A three-judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit hears arguments about whether the net neutrality rules of the Federal Communications Commission are within the FCC's statutory mandate. ](/news/2015/12/4/a-three-judge-panel-of-the-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-d-c-circuit-hears-arguments-about-whether-the-net-neutrality-rules-of-the-federal.md) _Context: U.S. Appeals Court Judge_
6. [The United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia suspends district court judge Richard Leon's ruling yesterday that found the U.S. National Security Agency's phone data collection program is unconstitutional. Leon's decision barred the agency from further collection of data on the plaintiffs in the case -- California attorney J.J. Little and his law firm -- but did not have sufficient authority to outlaw the practice against all Americans. The government plea for the injunction said it will take "at least several weeks" for the NSA to implement a technical change that would prevent collection of Little's data and therefore the entire program would have to shut down early based on Leon's order. ](/news/2015/11/10/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-district-of-columbia-suspends-district-court-judge-richard-leon-s-ruling-yesterday-that-found-the.md) _Context: U.S. Appeals Court Judge_
7. [Panels of the United States Fourth and D.C. (''Halbig v. Burwell'') Circuit Courts make contradictory rulings as to whether people who enroll in federal exchanges under the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) can receive subsidies. ](/news/2014/07/22/panels-of-the-united-states-fourth-and-d-c-halbig-v-burwell-circuit-courts-make-contradictory-rulings-as-to-whether-people-who-enrol.md) _Context: U.S. Appeals Court Judge_
8. [The Trademark Trial and Appeal Board, a tribunal of the United States Patent and Trademark Office, rules 2-1 to cancel several trademarks of the NFL's Washington Redskins on the basis that they were "disparaging to Native Americans." The cancellation will be stayed while the team appeals in federal court, a process likely to take years. ](/news/2014/06/18/the-trademark-trial-and-appeal-board-a-tribunal-of-the-united-states-patent-and-trademark-office-rules-2a1-to-cancel-several-trademarks.md) _Context: federal court_
9. [The Senate of the US state of North Carolina pardons former Governor William Woods Holden who was impeached in 1871 because of his suspension of habeas corpus in the process of battling the  Ku Klux Klan terror campaign. ](/news/2011/04/12/the-senate-of-the-us-state-of-north-carolina-pardons-former-governor-william-woods-holden-who-was-impeached-in-1871-because-of-his-suspensio.md) _Context: habeas corpus_
10. [The United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit permanently lifts an injunction thereby allowing the United States Government to fund embryonic stem cell research. ](/news/2010/09/28/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-district-of-columbia-circuit-permanently-lifts-an-injunction-thereby-allowing-the-united-states-g.md) _Context: U.S. Appeals Court Judge_
