### [2017-09-11](/news/2017/09/11/index.md)

# California, Maine, Maryland and Minnesota sue the Trump administraion over the termination of DACA. 

California on Monday sued the Trump administration, challenging as unconstitutional the president’s plan to rescind a program to protec...


### Source:

1. [The Los Angeles Times](http://www.latimes.com/politics/essential/la-pol-ca-essential-politics-updates-california-sues-trump-administration-1505150334-htmlstory.html)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.trbimg.com/img-59b6d434/turbine/la-pol-ca-essential-politics-updates-california-sues-trump-administration-1505150334)

### Related:

1. [Voters in the states of Maine, Maryland, and Washington approve measures that would allow same-sex marriage, while Minnesota votes down an amendment that would define marriage as between one man and one woman. ](/news/2012/11/7/voters-in-the-states-of-maine-maryland-and-washington-approve-measures-that-would-allow-same-sex-marriage-while-minnesota-votes-down-an-a.md) _Context: Maine, Maryland, Minnesota_
2. [ John Kerry wins the Super Tuesday primaries in California, Connecticut, Georgia, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, Ohio, and Rhode Island and caucus in Minnesota, effectively clinching the nomination. Howard Dean wins in his home state of Vermont even though he is no longer actively campaigning. John Edwards is reported to be withdrawing from the race three hours before polls close in California and just as the caucuses begin in Minnesota.](/news/2004/03/2/john-kerry-wins-the-super-tuesday-primaries-in-california-connecticut-georgia-maryland-massachusetts-new-york-ohio-and-rhode-island.md) _Context: California, Maryland, Minnesota_
3. [Fifteen states sue the Trump administration over potential violations of the Due Process Clause as a result of actions concerning the rescindment of the DACA program. ](/news/2017/09/7/fifteen-states-sue-the-trump-administration-over-potential-violations-of-the-due-process-clause-as-a-result-of-actions-concerning-the-rescin.md) _Context: Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, Trump administraion_
4. [The state of Washington, joined by the states of California, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, and Oregon, asks a federal judge to stop, on constitutional grounds, the revised federal immigration/refugee rules from taking effect on Thursday, March 16. The state of Hawaii has filed a separate, similar request. ](/news/2017/03/13/the-state-of-washington-joined-by-the-states-of-california-maryland-massachusetts-new-york-and-oregon-asks-a-federal-judge-to-stop-on.md) _Context: California, Maryland_
5. [The University of California files a lawsuit against the potential termination of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals programme which may affect more than 4,000 students. ](/news/2017/09/8/the-university-of-california-files-a-lawsuit-against-the-potential-termination-of-the-deferred-action-for-childhood-arrivals-programme-which.md) _Context: Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals_
6. [The United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit rejects the Trump administration arguments regarding the travel ban on grandparents, cousins and others with a "bona fide" relationship in the United States. ](/news/2017/09/7/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-ninth-circuit-rejects-the-trump-administration-arguments-regarding-the-travel-ban-on-grandparents.md) _Context: Trump administraion_
7. [Fifteen states and the District of Columbia file suit challenging President Donald Trump's decision to end the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, arguing, in part, that federal government has reneged on the promise to protect young immigrants who came forward and registered with the government. ](/news/2017/09/6/fifteen-states-and-the-district-of-columbia-file-suit-challenging-president-donald-trumpas-decision-to-end-the-deferred-action-for-childho.md) _Context: Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals_
8. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals_
9. [The Trump Administration announces that, during the next six months, it will be ending the DACA program that has halted the deportation of about 800,000 people who were brought to the U.S. illegally as children. Congress is called upon to pass legislation to correct the situation. ](/news/2017/09/5/the-trump-administration-announces-that-during-the-next-six-months-it-will-be-ending-the-daca-program-that-has-halted-the-deportation-of-a.md) _Context: Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals_
10. [California passes a bill that will move the primaries to March near Super Tuesday. ](/news/2017/09/16/california-passes-a-bill-that-will-move-the-primaries-to-march-near-super-tuesday.md) _Context: California_
