### [2017-09-11](/news/2017/09/11/index.md)

# Russia sends 175 demining combat engineers to defuse mines in Deir ez-Zor Governorate. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-russia/russia-sends-175-de-miners-to-syrias-deir-al-zor-interfax-idUSKCN1BM0HA)

### Related:

1. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says ISIL leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is confirmed dead, according to information from tribal leaders close to ISIL in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. In June, Russia said it had "most likely" killed al-Baghdadi and several other high profile ISIL leaders in an airstrike but provided no evidence. ](/news/2017/07/11/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-isil-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-is-confirmed-dead-according-to-information-from-tribal-leader.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor Governorate, Russia_
2. [Syria's government says a U.S.-led military coalition airstrike on a Syrian Army camp in the eastern Deir ez-Zor Governorate, killed three Syrian soldiers and wounded 13 others. A senior U.S. military official denied responsibility for the airstrike and said that the U.S. is certain it was a Russian airstrike. ](/news/2015/12/7/syria-s-government-says-a-u-s-led-military-coalition-airstrike-on-a-syrian-army-camp-in-the-eastern-deir-ez-zor-governorate-killed-three-s.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor Governorate, Russia_
3. [Russian warships launch cruise missiles from the Caspian Sea against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant positions in Syria's eastern Deir ez-Zor. Russian Defense Minister, Sergey Shoigu, reported over 600 terrorists were killed in the strikes. Video footage also emerged of Russian ground crew servicemen writing the words "For Paris" on bombs to be dropped on ISIL targets in a show of solidarity with France in the wake of the November 13 terror attacks that left 130 people dead in Paris. ](/news/2015/11/20/russian-warships-launch-cruise-missiles-from-the-caspian-sea-against-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-positions-in-syria-s-eastern-deir.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor Governorate, Russia_
4. [The Syrian Army breaks the nine month long siege of the Deir ez-Zor Airport by ISIL militants. ](/news/2017/09/9/the-syrian-army-breaks-the-nine-month-long-siege-of-the-deir-ez-zor-airport-by-isil-militants.md) _Context: Siege of Deir ez-Zor (2014-17)_
5. [Facebook tells congressional investigators an operation, traced to a Russian company seeking to target voters, spent $100,000 on thousands of U.S. ads promoting divisive social and political messages during the 2016 U.S. election. ](/news/2017/09/6/facebook-tells-congressional-investigators-an-operation-traced-to-a-russian-company-seeking-to-target-voters-spent-100-000-on-thousands-o.md) _Context: Russia_
6. [The Syrian Army lifts the 28-month-long siege of Deir ez-Zor by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2017/09/5/the-syrian-army-lifts-the-28-month-long-siege-of-deir-ez-zor-by-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant.md) _Context: Siege of Deir ez-Zor (2014-17)_
7. [Syrian state television reports the Syrian Army reaches a point 3 kilometers from Deir ez-Zor, a city besieged by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant since 2014. ](/news/2017/09/4/syrian-state-television-reports-the-syrian-army-reaches-a-point-3-kilometers-from-deir-ez-zor-a-city-besieged-by-the-islamic-state-of-iraq.md) _Context: Siege of Deir ez-Zor (2014-17)_
8. [Russian airstrikes on several ferries attempting to cross the Euphrates near Deir ez-Zor kill at least 34 civilians, including 9 children, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2017/09/10/russian-airstrikes-on-several-ferries-attempting-to-cross-the-euphrates-near-deir-ez-zor-kill-at-least-34-civilians-including-9-children-a.md) _Context: Russia_
9. [The United States State Department orders Russia to close the Consulate-General in San Francisco and two other buildings by September 2, 2017, invoking "parity" over a Russian measure in July. ](/news/2017/08/31/the-united-states-state-department-orders-russia-to-close-the-consulate-general-in-san-francisco-and-two-other-buildings-by-september-2-201.md) _Context: Russia_
10. [CJTF-OIR jets destroy a section of road, blocking the path of a convoy carrying ISIL evacuees from the Lebanon-Syria border en route to Abu Kamal in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. The convoy, carrying 308 militants and 331 civilians according to Hezbollah, is now effectively stranded in Syrian government-controlled territory. ](/news/2017/08/30/cjtfaoir-jets-destroy-a-section-of-road-blocking-the-path-of-a-convoy-carrying-isil-evacuees-from-the-lebanonasyria-border-en-route-to.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor Governorate_
