### [2004-08-7](/news/2004/08/7/index.md)

#  The Iraqi Interim Government bans Al Jazeera from operating in Iraq for 30 days; police order staff from their Baghdad newsroom.




### Related:

1. [Iraqi authorities ban Qatar-based satellite television network Al Jazeera from broadcasting in the country and closes its offices in Baghdad, accusing it of violating government guidelines issued in 2014 to regulate media "during the war on terror". ](/news/2016/04/27/iraqi-authorities-ban-qatar-based-satellite-television-network-al-jazeera-from-broadcasting-in-the-country-and-closes-its-offices-in-baghdad.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Iraq_
2. [The government of Iraq shuts down 10 television stations including Al Jazeera, accusing them of encouraging the sectarian violence by Sunni muslims in the country. ](/news/2013/04/29/the-government-of-iraq-shuts-down-10-television-stations-including-al-jazeera-accusing-them-of-encouraging-the-sectarian-violence-by-sunni.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Iraq_
3. [ Al Jazeera airs an audiotape from Osama bin Laden saying al-Qaeda is making preparations for attacks in the United States but offering a "long-term truce" to rebuild Iraq and Afghanistan. ](/news/2006/01/19/al-jazeera-airs-an-audiotape-from-osama-bin-laden-saying-al-qaeda-is-making-preparations-for-attacks-in-the-united-states-but-offering-a-l.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Iraq_
4. [ Thousands of Iraqi Shia protest against Al Jazeera after a guest on a talk show on the network suggested that the Ayatollah Ali Sistani, Shia Islam's most senior cleric, should stay out of politics. ](/news/2005/12/15/thousands-of-iraqi-shia-protest-against-al-jazeera-after-a-guest-on-a-talk-show-on-the-network-suggested-that-the-ayatollah-ali-sistani-sh.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Iraq_
5. [ Kenneth Bigley, a British hostage held in Iraq, appeared alive in a video broadcast by Al Jazeera. Seen in a cage wearing an orange jumpsuit, Bigley said "Tony Blair is lying. He doesn't care about me". ](/news/2004/09/29/kenneth-bigley-a-british-hostage-held-in-iraq-appeared-alive-in-a-video-broadcast-by-al-jazeera-seen-in-a-cage-wearing-an-orange-jumpsui.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Iraq_
6. [ Iraq: A U.S.-led coalition-backed Iraqi Governing Council member, Ayad Allawi, announces restrictions of the operations of TV networks al Jazeera and al-Arabiya. The networks are barred from reporting on official activities and news conferences and from entering ministries and office buildings for the next two weeks. The council claims they incited anti-occupation violence (by airing statements from resistance leaders; specifically broadcasting a video of "terrorists terrorizing Iraqis"), increased ethnic and sectarian tensions and were supportive of the lawless resistance. Allawi hopes the ban sends a "very clear message" to other stations. Al Jazeera responds that it is trying to give a balanced view of the current situation in Iraq and that it considers its ethical standards to be similar to western ones. The Coalition Provisional Authority has not responded to inquiries about the announcement.](/news/2003/09/23/iraq-a-u-s-led-coalition-backed-iraqi-governing-council-member-ayad-allawi-announces-restrictions-of-the-operations-of-tv-networks-al-j.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Iraq_
7. [ Terrorism: On the eve of the second anniversary of the September 11 terrorist attacks, the Arabic-language television channel Al Jazeera airs a videotape, purportedly from Osama bin Laden. The videotape shows two men, including one meant to be bin Laden, walking down an (unidentified) rocky hillside. Al Jazeera said the other man seen on the tape, carrying an automatic rifle, was Ayman al-Zawahri, the Egyptian physician who merged his Islamic Jihad organization with Al Qaeda. The tape was claimed to have been made in late April or early May. An accompanying audiotape, attributed to the deputy, Ayman al-Zawahri, called on Iraqis to "bury" American troops in Iraq.](/news/2003/09/10/terrorism-on-the-eve-of-the-second-anniversary-of-the-september-11-terrorist-attacks-the-arabic-language-television-channel-al-jazeera-ai.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Iraq_
8. [ A tape, purporting to be of Saddam Hussein and to have been made on June 14, is broadcast on Al Jazeera, the Arabic language satellite television station. If it is Saddam, it marks the first public communication from the former Iraqi leader since his disappearance early on in the Invasion of Iraq. The United States military captures Turkish military personnel and lead them away with hoods over their heads.](/news/2003/07/4/a-tape-purporting-to-be-of-saddam-hussein-and-to-have-been-made-on-june-14-is-broadcast-on-al-jazeera-the-arabic-language-satellite-tele.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Iraq_
9. [ Seven U.S. Prisoners of War are released to Coalition troops approaching Tikrit in Northern Iraq. The POWs included two Apache helicopter pilots, Chief Warrant Officer Ronald D. Young, Jr. and Chief Warrant Officer David S. Williams, and five members of the Army's 507th Maintenance Company; Spc. Shoshana Johnson, Sgt. James Riley, Spc. Joseph Hudson, Pfc. Patrick Miller and Spc. Edgar Hernandez. All seven POWs had previously been shown held captive by Iraqi state television and Al Jazeera.](/news/2003/04/13/seven-u-s-prisoners-of-war-are-released-to-coalition-troops-approaching-tikrit-in-northern-iraq-the-pows-included-two-apache-helicopter-p.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Iraq_
10. [ An audio tape attributed to Osama bin Laden is released by al Jazeera television. It recounts the battle of Tora Bora and urges Muslims to fight the United States and to overthrow the Iraq regime of Saddam Hussein.](/news/2003/02/12/an-audio-tape-attributed-to-osama-bin-laden-is-released-by-al-jazeera-television-it-recounts-the-battle-of-tora-bora-and-urges-muslims-to.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Iraq_
