
Formats: [HTML](/news/2003/01/27/speaking-to-the-united-nations-security-council-iraqi-foreign-minister-naji-sabri-said-that-the-united-states-and-its-allies-are-unjustif.html)  [JSON](/news/2003/01/27/speaking-to-the-united-nations-security-council-iraqi-foreign-minister-naji-sabri-said-that-the-united-states-and-its-allies-are-unjustif.json)  [XML](/news/2003/01/27/speaking-to-the-united-nations-security-council-iraqi-foreign-minister-naji-sabri-said-that-the-united-states-and-its-allies-are-unjustif.xml)  

### [2003-01-27](/news/2003/01/27/index.md)

##### United Nations Security Council
#  Speaking to the United Nations Security Council, Iraqi Foreign Minister Naji Sabri said that the United States and its allies are "unjustifiably aggressive" and that Iraq is complying fully with requests made by the UN weapons inspectors. Speaking to the same forum, Hans Blix, the chief inspector, later said that Iraq had not been fully co-operative with the United Nations inspection teams.




### Related:

1. [The United Nations Security Council unanimously approves a resolution demanding a 30-day ceasefire in Syria. ](/news/2018/02/24/the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-approves-a-resolution-demanding-a-30-day-ceasefire-in-syria.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Security Council_
2. [The report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council -- the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union -- calls on Israel to end settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, "The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-a-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-a-c.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Security Council_
3. [In response to the U.N.-backed Government of National Accord's plea, the United Nations Security Council blacklists the tanker shipping crude oil by the unrecognized rival House of Representatives government in eastern Libya. ](/news/2016/04/28/in-response-to-the-u-n-backed-government-of-national-accord-s-plea-the-united-nations-security-council-blacklists-the-tanker-shipping-crud.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Security Council_
4. [The unrecognized House of Representatives, one of the rival governments based in eastern Libya, ships its first cargo of crude oil in defiance of the U.N.-backed authorities in the capital Tripoli in a move that could deepen divisions within the country. The Tripoli-based government asked the United Nations Security Council yesterday to blacklist the tanker. ](/news/2016/04/27/the-unrecognized-house-of-representatives-one-of-the-rival-governments-based-in-eastern-libya-ships-its-first-cargo-of-crude-oil-in-defian.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Security Council_
5. [The United Nations Security Council expressed "deep concern" at the number of violations of Yemen's ceasefire. U.N. envoys warned that a fledgling peace process was hanging by a thread, and that Yemen faces permanent fragmentation if the conflict is not ended soon. ](/news/2015/12/23/the-united-nations-security-council-expressed-adeep-concerna-at-the-number-of-violations-of-yemenas-ceasefire-u-n-envoys-warned-that.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Security Council_
