### [2011-01-29](/news/2011/01/29/index.md)

# A Buddhist monk is the first person to be charged under a strict anti-smoking law in Bhutan, introduced in 2005. 




### Source:

1. [The Straits Times](http://www.straitstimes.com/BreakingNews/Asia/Story/STIStory_629630.html)

### Related:

1. [China informs India that it must withdraw its troops for any dialogue to occur as tensions rise between China and India and Bhutan over the disputed territory of Doklam. ](/news/2017/06/30/china-informs-india-that-it-must-withdraw-its-troops-for-any-dialogue-to-occur-as-tensions-rise-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the.md) _Context: Bhutan_
2. [Amid a stand-off between China and India in the Indian state of Sikkim, Bhutan protests to China over the construction of a road in the disputed territory of Doklam, a meeting point for all three countries' borders. ](/news/2017/06/29/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-in-the-indian-state-of-sikkim-bhutan-protests-to-china-over-the-construction-of-a-road-in-the-disp.md) _Context: Bhutan_
3. [Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak leads a protest rally against the persecution of Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority in the predominately Buddhist country,  and calls on Myanmar State Counsellor   Aung San Suu Kyi and the United Nations to address the Rohingya's plight  and end the violence.   Myanmar's president's office said the rally is timed for Malaysian political purposes, and that Malaysia should respect the  Association of Southeast Asian Nations's principle on  sovereignty. ](/news/2016/12/4/malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-leads-a-protest-rally-against-the-persecution-of-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority-in-the-predominatel.md) _Context: Buddhist_
4. [Members of the 19th South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) summit, scheduled to be held in Pakistan during November 2016, postpone the meeting following a Indian-led boycott, including Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Bhutan in response to Pakistan's alleged involvement in a deadly terrorist attack on a Indian Army base in Uri, Jammu and Kashmir, on September 18. ](/news/2016/09/28/members-of-the-19th-south-asian-association-for-regional-cooperation-saarc-summit-scheduled-to-be-held-in-pakistan-during-november-2016.md) _Context: Bhutan_
5. [Yanghee Lee, the United Nations special human rights envoy to overwhelmingly Buddhist Myanmar, says more than 100,000 of the Muslim Rohingya minority remain in squalid camps they were forced to four years ago by violence. The government does not recognize most of these people as citizens, and has treated even long-term residents as illegal immigrants. Lee is encouraged by last March's peaceful transition to a democratically elected and civilian-led government. ](/news/2016/07/1/yanghee-lee-the-united-nations-special-human-rights-envoy-to-overwhelmingly-buddhist-myanmar-says-more-than-100-000-of-the-muslim-rohingya.md) _Context: Buddhist_
6. [The World Wildlife Fund reports global populations of tigers, an endangered species,  are up about 20 percent over the past six years.  This increase in tiger numbers, after declining for a century, was primarily in India, Russia, Nepal, and Bhutan. The third Asian Ministerial Conference on Tiger Conservation starts Monday in New Delhi, India.  ](/news/2016/04/10/the-world-wildlife-fund-reports-global-populations-of-tigers-an-endangered-species-are-up-about-20-percent-over-the-past-six-years-this.md) _Context: Bhutan_
7. [The regional branch of the Communist Party of China in Tibet demands that Buddhist monasteries display the Chinese flag in an effort to shore up Chinese rule. ](/news/2015/04/9/the-regional-branch-of-the-communist-party-of-china-in-tibet-demands-that-buddhist-monasteries-display-the-chinese-flag-in-an-effort-to-shor.md) _Context: Buddhist_
8. [Renowned Zen Buddhist master Thich Nhat Hanh suffers a massive brain hemorrhage and is rushed to a hospital in western France. ](/news/2014/11/11/renowned-zen-buddhist-master-thich-nhat-hanh-suffers-a-massive-brain-hemorrhage-and-is-rushed-to-a-hospital-in-western-france.md) _Context: Buddhist_
9. [A Buddhist monk accused of inciting violence against Muslims in Burma says he is joining forces with the Bodu Bala Sena group in Sri Lanka in order to combat a "serious threat from jihadist groups". ](/news/2014/09/28/a-buddhist-monk-accused-of-inciting-violence-against-muslims-in-burma-says-he-is-joining-forces-with-the-bodu-bala-sena-group-in-sri-lanka-i.md) _Context: Buddhist_
10. [An archaeological site is discovered in Nepal dating to 550 BC which is claimed to be a Buddhist shrine. If true, the birthday of the Buddha would be pushed back. However, not all experts agree on the significance of the site. ](/news/2013/11/26/an-archaeological-site-is-discovered-in-nepal-dating-to-550-bc-which-is-claimed-to-be-a-buddhist-shrine-if-true-the-birthday-of-the-buddha.md) _Context: Buddhist_
