### [2016-07-1](/news/2016/07/1/index.md)

# Austria's highest court orders a repeat of the presidential elections narrowly lost in May by right-wing populist Freedom Party of Austria candidate Norbert Hofer. The margin of votes was less than 1%. 

Europe was plunged into fresh crisis on Friday as Austria&rsquo;s courts ordered a re-run of the country&rsquo;s presidential election.


### Source:

1. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/07/01/austria-court-orders-presidential-election-re-run-after-far-righ/)

### Related:

1. [Voters in Austria go to the polls to elect a new President in a second round run-off between Green candidate Alexander Van der Bellen and Freedom Party of Austria candidate Norbert Hofer. Projections show that Van der Bellen has won with Hofer conceding defeat. ](/news/2016/12/4/voters-in-austria-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-a-new-president-in-a-second-round-run-off-between-green-candidate-alexander-van-der-bellen-and-fr.md) _Context: Austria, Austrian presidential election, 2016, Freedom Party of Austria, Norbert Hofer_
2. [Freedom Party of Austria presidential candidate Norbert Hofer intends to hold a referendum on European Union membership if elected. ](/news/2016/11/24/freedom-party-of-austria-presidential-candidate-norbert-hofer-intends-to-hold-a-referendum-on-european-union-membership-if-elected.md) _Context: Austrian presidential election, 2016, Freedom Party of Austria, Norbert Hofer_
3. [Austrians vote in the first round of electing the next president. Preliminary estimates indicate FPO's Norbert Hofer won the first round with 36 percent of the vote. Greens' Alexander Van der Bellen, who is supported by the Green Party, garnered 20%, and another independent, Irmgard Griss, took 18.5 percent. President Heinz Fischer was not eligible to be re-elected. Candidates representing the two leading parties, that have ruled for the past 70 years, were eliminated. Hofer and Van der Bellen will compete in the runoff election on May 22, 2016. ](/news/2016/04/24/austrians-vote-in-the-first-round-of-electing-the-next-president-preliminary-estimates-indicate-fpa-s-norbert-hofer-won-the-first-round-wi.md) _Context: Austrian presidential election, 2016, Freedom Party of Austria, Norbert Hofer_
4. [The second round of voting takes place to elect either Norbert Hofer or Alexander Van der Bellen as President of Austria. ](/news/2016/05/22/the-second-round-of-voting-takes-place-to-elect-either-norbert-hofer-or-alexander-van-der-bellen-as-president-of-austria.md) _Context: Austrian presidential election, 2016, Norbert Hofer_
5. [ John Gudenus of the Austrian Freedom Party causes controversy when he questions the existence of Nazi gas chambers and later leaves the party. ](/news/2005/04/27/john-gudenus-of-the-austrian-freedom-party-causes-controversy-when-he-questions-the-existence-of-nazi-gas-chambers-and-later-leaves-the-par.md) _Context: Austria, Freedom Party of Austria_
6. [Five people were killed and one seriously injured after a mountain accident on Sunday in the Austrian state of Salzburg. ](/news/2017/08/27/five-people-were-killed-and-one-seriously-injured-after-a-mountain-accident-on-sunday-in-the-austrian-state-of-salzburg.md) _Context: Austria_
7. [An avalanche kills four skiers in Tyrol, Austria. ](/news/2017/03/15/an-avalanche-kills-four-skiers-in-tyrol-austria.md) _Context: Austria_
8. [An Austrian court grants a United States request to extradite Ukrainian businessman Dmytro Firtash. U.S. officials accuse Firtash of being involved in a scandal where he allegedly paid US$18.5 million in bribes for a permit to mine titanium in India, something Firtash denies. ](/news/2017/02/21/an-austrian-court-grants-a-united-states-request-to-extradite-ukrainian-businessman-dmytro-firtash-u-s-officials-accuse-firtash-of-being-i.md) _Context: Austria_
9. [Austria agrees to ban the full-face veil (burqa and niqab) in public spaces, part of a larger deal struck by the center-left Social Democratic Party and the center-right Austrian People's Party to avoid the collapse of the ruling coalition government. ](/news/2017/01/31/austria-agrees-to-ban-the-full-face-veil-burqa-and-niqab-in-public-spaces-part-of-a-larger-deal-struck-by-the-center-left-social-democra.md) _Context: Austria_
10. [Six members of one family, including three children, are found dead in Boheimkirchen, Austria. Police suspect a murder-suicide by one of the female relatives. ](/news/2016/12/1/six-members-of-one-family-including-three-children-are-found-dead-in-bapheimkirchen-austria-police-suspect-a-murder-suicide-by-one-of-th.md) _Context: Austria_
