### [2016-07-1](/news/2016/07/1/index.md)

# Crime in the Philippines; Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte urges Filipino citizens to murder people suspected of using illegal drugs. 

Duterte, 71, won power in a landslide after a campaign dominated by threats to kill tens of thousands in a war on crime


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jul/01/philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-urges-people-to-kill-drug-addicts)

### Related:

1. [Human rights in the Philippines; Ten people are killed by the Philippine National Police within a week after Rodrigo Duterte took office as president and made statements encouraging the murder of illegal drug addicts. ](/news/2016/07/3/human-rights-in-the-philippines-ten-people-are-killed-by-the-philippine-national-police-within-a-week-after-rodrigo-duterte-took-office-as.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, addicts, drug war, illegal drug_
2. [A Filipino lawyer files a complaint of "mass murder and crimes against humanity" against Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte and eleven other officials at the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2017/04/24/a-filipino-lawyer-files-a-complaint-of-mass-murder-and-crimes-against-humanity-against-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-and-eleven-ot.md) _Context: Philippine, Rodrigo Duterte, drug war_
3. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte suspends the war on drugs so  resources can focus on ridding "corrupt" officers from the Philippine National Police. The ''cause celebre'' is the kidnapping and strangulation of South Korean businessman  Jee Ick-joo last October. ](/news/2017/01/30/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-suspends-the-war-on-drugs-so-resources-can-focus-on-ridding-acorrupta-officers-from-the-philippine.md) _Context: Philippine President, Rodrigo Duterte, drug war_
4. [Philippines president  Rodrigo Duterte accuses the opposition Liberal Party of trying to oust him and install the current vice president  Leni Robredo to the presidency. ](/news/2016/12/7/philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-accuses-the-opposition-liberal-party-of-trying-to-oust-him-and-install-the-current-vice-president-le.md) _Context: Philippine, Rodrigo Duterte, drug war_
5. [The Commission on Human Rights launches an investigation into alleged murders committed by current Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte. ](/news/2016/12/22/the-commission-on-human-rights-launches-an-investigation-into-alleged-murders-committed-by-current-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte.md) _Context: Philippine, Rodrigo Duterte, drug war_
6. [The Philippines cabinet of Rodrigo Duterte, through former journalist Martin Andanar, criticizes the Western media's coverage of the Philippine Drug War, particularly that of ''The New York Times'', and urges them to cover the purge more effectively. ](/news/2016/12/14/the-philippines-cabinet-of-rodrigo-duterte-through-former-journalist-martin-andanar-criticizes-the-western-media-s-coverage-of-the-philipp.md) _Context: Philippine, Rodrigo Duterte, drug war_
7. [In the Philippines, demonstrators call for President Rodrigo Duterte to address extrajudicial killings linked to the Philippine Drug War, ongoing military operations against communist rebels, and the controversial burial of Ferdinand Marcos in the Heroes' Cemetery. An effigy of Marcos was made as a centerpiece of the protest. ](/news/2016/12/10/in-the-philippines-demonstrators-call-for-president-rodrigo-duterte-to-address-extrajudicial-killings-linked-to-the-philippine-drug-war-on.md) _Context: Philippine, Rodrigo Duterte, drug war_
8. [Datu Saudi-Ampatuan mayor Samsudin Dimaukom, publicly accused by Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte of involvement in the illegal drug trade, is killed, along with nine others, by Philippine police at a  highway checkpoint in what police describe as an anti-drug operation. ](/news/2016/10/28/datu-saudi-ampatuan-mayor-samsudin-dimaukom-publicly-accused-by-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-of-involvement-in-the-illegal-drug-tra.md) _Context: Philippine President, Rodrigo Duterte, drug war_
9. [With 2,400 people dead so far, Rodrigo Duterte, the President of the Philippines, says that "plenty will be killed" in the war against drugs. ](/news/2016/09/5/with-2-400-people-dead-so-far-rodrigo-duterte-the-president-of-the-philippines-says-that-plenty-will-be-killed-in-the-war-against-drugs.md) _Context: Philippine President, Rodrigo Duterte, drug war_
10. [U.S. President Barack Obama cancels a scheduled meeting with the President of the Philippines,  Rodrigo Duterte, after Duterte referred to Obama as a "son of a whore", while adding "I am no American puppet", in response to Obama's recent criticism of his war on drugs. ](/news/2016/09/5/u-s-president-barack-obama-cancels-a-scheduled-meeting-with-the-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-after-duterte-referred-to-o.md) _Context: Philippine President, Rodrigo Duterte, drug war_
