### [2016-07-1](/news/2016/07/1/index.md)

# The European Union extends economic sanctions on Russia until 31 January 2017 over Moscow's continued support for separatist rebels in eastern Ukraine. 

The European Union on Friday extended its economic sanctions on Russia until the end of January next year in a widely expected decision after EU leaders called for more progress in bringing peace to eastern Ukraine.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-ukraine-crisis-sanctions-idUSKCN0ZH4OE)

### Related:

1. [The European Union  extends its main Ukraine-related economic  sanctions against Russia for six months until mid-2017. ](/news/2016/12/15/the-european-union-extends-its-main-ukraine-related-economic-sanctions-against-russia-for-six-months-until-mid-2017.md) _Context: European Union, Russia, Ukraine_
2. [Ukraine starts a missile test near Crimea, annexed by Russia in 2014, while Russia puts its air-defense and naval forces in the region on high alert. ](/news/2016/12/1/ukraine-starts-a-missile-test-near-crimea-annexed-by-russia-in-2014-while-russia-puts-its-air-defense-and-naval-forces-in-the-region-on-hi.md) _Context: Russia, Ukraine, Ukrainian crisis_
3. [Russia's Federal Security Service (FSB) says it has thwarted two armed Ukrainian incursions into Crimea with at least two killed, including one FSB officer, following a "massive fire fight" with "sabotage-terrorist" groups. Ukraine denies the Russian claims. ](/news/2016/08/10/russia-s-federal-security-service-fsb-says-it-has-thwarted-two-armed-ukrainian-incursions-into-crimea-with-at-least-two-killed-including.md) _Context: Russia, Ukraine, Ukrainian crisis_
4. [The European Union extends Russian sanctions for interference in Ukraine another six months, until 31 July 2016. The EU says it's extending the sanctions because the Minsk peace accords would not be fully implemented by the end of this year. ](/news/2015/12/21/the-european-union-extends-russian-sanctions-for-interference-in-ukraine-another-six-months-until-31-july-2016-the-eu-says-it-s-extending.md) _Context: European Union, Russia, Ukraine_
5. [Russia's Gazprom halts gas supplies to Ukraine until the Ukrainian government pays in advance for future supplies to replenish the current supplies of gas that it has used up; Ukraine says it has stopped buying from Gazprom because it can get cheaper gas from Europe. Roughly 15% of the gas used in Europe travels through Ukraine, and a previous cut-off of gas supplies in 2009 caused serious disruptions in shipments to EU countries at the height of winter. ](/news/2015/11/25/russia-s-gazprom-halts-gas-supplies-to-ukraine-until-the-ukrainian-government-pays-in-advance-for-future-supplies-to-replenish-the-current-s.md) _Context: European Union, Russia, Ukraine_
6. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:Russia and Ukraine together with the United States and the European Union sit down for emergency talks in Geneva. All four agree that "illegal military formations in Ukraine" must be dissolved, and that everyone occupying buildings must be disarmed and leave them. There would be an amnesty for all anti-government protesters under the agreement. ](/news/2014/04/17/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-prussia-and-ukraine-together-with-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-sit-down-for-emergency-talks-i.md) _Context: European Union, Russia, Ukraine_
7. [Ukraine signs an association accord with the European Union in defiance of Russia. ](/news/2014/03/21/ukraine-signs-an-association-accord-with-the-european-union-in-defiance-of-russia.md) _Context: European Union, Russia, Ukraine_
8. [Euromaidan:More than 100,000 people protest in Kiev, Ukraine, against the decision of Viktor Yanukovych's government to suspend preparations for signing of the association agreement with the European Union under pressure from Russia. ](/news/2013/11/24/euromaidan-pmore-than-100-000-people-protest-in-kiev-ukraine-against-the-decision-of-viktor-yanukovych-s-government-to-suspend-preparation.md) _Context: European Union, Russia, Ukraine_
9. [DPR leader Alexander Zakharchenko announces the Donetsk People's Republic (DPR) and Luhansk People's Republic (LPR) are to form a new state called Malorossiya (Little Russia) as an official successor to the "failed state" of Ukraine, with Donetsk replacing Kiev as the country's capital. Ukrainian president Petro Poroshenko denounces the plans. ](/news/2017/07/18/dpr-leader-alexander-zakharchenko-announces-the-donetsk-people-s-republic-dpr-and-luhansk-people-s-republic-lpr-are-to-form-a-new-state.md) _Context: Ukraine, Ukrainian crisis_
10. [Ukrainian intelligence officer and head of a special forces unit, Maksym Shapoval, is assassinated in Kiev by car bomb. ](/news/2017/06/27/ukrainian-intelligence-officer-and-head-of-a-special-forces-unit-maksym-shapoval-is-assassinated-in-kiev-by-car-bomb.md) _Context: Ukraine, Ukrainian crisis_
