### [2016-07-1](/news/2016/07/1/index.md)

# Thousands of people take to the streets of Hong Kong, demanding answers over China's alleged abduction of five booksellers in late 2015 and that Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying resign from office. 

Thousands demand resignation of CY Leung who critics accuse of failing to confront China over bookseller scandal


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jul/01/hong-kong-protesters-call-for-leader-to-stand-down)

### Related:

1. [Hong Kong legislative election, 2012:Voice of America says official results for the 35 "geographical" seats in Hong Kong's legislative elections show 18 seats for the "pan-democracy" camp, 16 seats for the "pro-Beijing" camp and one seat for an independent candidate. The "super" seats show a 3 to 2 win for the pan-democrats. Voter turnout was 53 %, up from 45 % at the previous election in 2008. Reuters says support is "steady" for pro-Beijing chief executive Leung Chun-ying. ''The New York Times'' says that, despite winning more votes, the pro-democracy camp has fewer seats than expected. ](/news/2012/09/10/hong-kong-legislative-election-2012-pvoice-of-america-says-official-results-for-the-35-geographical-seats-in-hong-kong-s-legislative-elec.md) _Context: Chief Executive, Hong Kong, Leung Chun-ying_
2. [The Hong Kong Election Committee meets to select a new Chief Executive. Carrie Lam becomes the first female Chief Executive. ](/news/2017/03/26/the-hong-kong-election-committee-meets-to-select-a-new-chief-executive-carrie-lam-becomes-the-first-female-chief-executive.md) _Context: Chief Executive, Hong Kong_
3. [Former Chief Executive of Hong Kong Donald Tsang is sentenced to 20 months in prison for corruption, becoming the highest officeholder in Hong Kong's history to be convicted. ](/news/2017/02/22/former-chief-executive-of-hong-kong-donald-tsang-is-sentenced-to-20-months-in-prison-for-corruption-becoming-the-highest-officeholder-in-ho.md) _Context: Chief Executive, Hong Kong_
4. [Former Hong Kong Chief Executive Donald Tsang, who is on trial for corruption, pleads not guilty to three charges of bribery and misconduct relating to a penthouse he leased in Shenzhen. ](/news/2017/01/3/former-hong-kong-chief-executive-donald-tsang-who-is-on-trial-for-corruption-pleads-not-guilty-to-three-charges-of-bribery-and-misconduct.md) _Context: Chief Executive, Hong Kong_
5. [Baggio Leung and Yau Wai-ching are banned by China from taking office in Hong Kong over the oath-taking controversy. ](/news/2016/11/7/baggio-leung-and-yau-wai-ching-are-banned-by-china-from-taking-office-in-hong-kong-over-the-oath-taking-controversy.md) _Context: China, Hong Kong_
6. [In Hong Kong, police clash with protesters after more than 10,000 locals march against the Chinese government interpretation of the Basic Law in the Legislative Council oath-taking controversy. ](/news/2016/11/6/in-hong-kong-police-clash-with-protesters-after-more-than-10-000-locals-march-against-the-chinese-government-interpretation-of-the-basic-la.md) _Context: China, Hong Kong_
7. [Police in China detain 75 people in connection with a service that determined the female gender of unborn babies for the purpose of abortion. Authorities say that at least 300 people were involved in the illegal service in the eastern Chinese province of Zhejiang. Expectant parents wanting male children smuggled fetal blood samples to Hong Kong for gender testing. China ended its one-child policy last year. ](/news/2016/10/15/police-in-china-detain-75-people-in-connection-with-a-service-that-determined-the-female-gender-of-unborn-babies-for-the-purpose-of-abortion.md) _Context: China, Hong Kong_
8. [One of five Hong Kong booksellers who disappeared in 2015 says he was forced by Chinese agents into a confession of "illegal trading". ](/news/2016/06/16/one-of-five-hong-kong-booksellers-who-disappeared-in-2015-says-he-was-forced-by-chinese-agents-into-a-confession-of-illegal-trading.md) _Context: Causeway Bay Books disappearances, Hong Kong_
9. [Jia Jia, a columnist for China's Tencent media company is reported missing after not being heard from since Tuesday, when he was on his way to Hong Kong. He was last heard from when he tried to warn a friend about publishing an anonymous letter calling for President Xi Jinping's resignation. ](/news/2016/03/18/jia-jia-a-columnist-for-china-s-tencent-media-company-is-reported-missing-after-not-being-heard-from-since-tuesday-when-he-was-on-his-way.md) _Context: China, Hong Kong_
10. [China's Alibaba Group Holding Limited acquires Hong Kong's largest English-language newspaper, the ''South China Morning Post'', in a deal reported to be worth about $100 million. ](/news/2015/12/11/china-s-alibaba-group-holding-limited-acquires-hong-kong-s-largest-english-language-newspaper-the-south-china-morning-post-in-a-deal-r.md) _Context: China, Hong Kong_
