### [2003-08-19](/news/2003/08/19/index.md)

#  20 killed, 136 wounded by an explosion on board an Israeli bus in Jerusalem. Among the victims are several children. The explosion was caused by a Palestinian suicide bomber. The Palestinian Islamic Jihad in Hebron claims responsibility for the attack. There are conflicting reports that Hamas is responsible for the bombing. Israeli government reportedly freezes road map for peace negotiations. In the following days, two additional victims died of their wounds, raising the death toll to 22., see also: Jerusalem bus 2 massacre




### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel kills senior Hamas official, Ismail Abu Shanab, by a missile strike in the Gaza Strip and sent tanks into the West Bank towns of Nablus, Jenin and Tulkarem in response to a deadly suicide bombing of a bus in Jerusalem. In Hebron, troops destroy the terrorist bomber's home. Hamas and Islamic Jihad end their participation in the cease fire (in response to Israel's action from the two groups' bombing), declaring themselves as enemies to the peace plan, and vow further terrorist acts. The militants demand that Palestinian prime minister, Mahmoud Abbas, leave their area of control.](/news/2003/08/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-kills-senior-hamas-official-ismail-abu-shanab-by-a-missile-strike-in-the-gaza-strip-and-sent-tanks-i.md) _Context: Hamas, Hebron, Israel, Jerusalem, Palestinian_
2. [ The leader of Hamas states that the group has no plans to attack U.S. targets, retreating from earlier threats by its armed wing. However, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is announced as a new target, instead. [http://www.news.com.au/common/story_page/0,4057,9069472%255E2,00.html (News Limited)] Sharon states that Israel has a "natural right" to pursue those who would destroy it. [http://www.thejewishpress.com/news_article.asp?article=3547 (Jewish Press)] Hussam Abdo, a 14-year-old Palestinian suicide bomber fails to detonate his bomb-vest at an Israeli checkpoint outside Nablus. The child was paid $23 and promised sex in heaven as his reward. An armed wing of Fatah takes responsibility for sending the boy.](/news/2004/03/24/the-leader-of-hamas-states-that-the-group-has-no-plans-to-attack-u-s-targets-retreating-from-earlier-threats-by-its-armed-wing-however.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Palestinian, suicide bomber_
3. [ Reem El-Reyashi, a Palestinian suicide bomber, kills four border guards at the Erez Crossing. She is the first female suicide bomber used by Hamas. Four months before, Israel targeted Hamas leadership, including Ahmed Yassin, as a result Hamas halted all suicide bombing for four months. Jack Kelley, USA TODAY foreign correspondent and a finalist for a Pulitzer Prize just two years ago, was forced to resign after the newspaper determined he repeatedly misled editors during an internal investigation into stories he wrote. Among the stories that are being investigated is one published September 4, 2001, contains an account of an attack on Palestinians by 13 Jewish settlers in the West Bank. Mark Memmott, the reporter asked to investigate Kelley, said he could not find anyone with first-hand knowledge of the attack.](/news/2004/01/14/reem-el-reyashi-a-palestinian-suicide-bomber-kills-four-border-guards-at-the-erez-crossing-she-is-the-first-female-suicide-bomber-used-b.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Palestinian, suicide bomber_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A Palestinian suicide bomber kills at least 8 Israelis and seriously wounds 15 others at a bus stop near Rishon LeZion. Several hours later this is followed by a second suicide bombing at a Jerusalem caf, in which 7 more people are killed and dozens are wounded.](/news/2003/09/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-palestinian-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-8-israelis-and-seriously-wounds-15-others-at-a-bus-stop-near-rish.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem, Palestinian, suicide bomber_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Palestinian militants and the Israeli Government vow to continue attacks on each other after the terrorist attacks and bloodshed. Hamas and Islamic Jihad release an official joint statement on their participation ending in the peace plan. They urge militant cells in Palestine to strike. Israeli security officials state this is ""only the beginning"" of responses to Palestinian attacks.](/news/2003/08/22/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-militants-and-the-israeli-government-vow-to-continue-attacks-on-each-other-after-the-terrorist-at.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Palestinian, Palestinian Islamic Jihad_
6. [In two simultaneous attacks near the Damascus Gate in Jerusalem, an Israeli policewoman is fatally stabbed; the three Palestinian assailants are shot dead. ISIL claims were questioned by Israeli authorities. As well, the PFLP and Hamas claim it was their members who did it. ](/news/2017/06/16/in-two-simultaneous-attacks-near-the-damascus-gate-in-jerusalem-an-israeli-policewoman-is-fatally-stabbed-the-three-palestinian-assailants.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Jerusalem_
7. [ A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-two-other-passengers-are-injured-a-pa.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem, Palestinian_
8. [A Palestinian wielding an ax attacks an Israeli soldier near Hebron and is shot dead while two 12-year-old Palestinians in Jerusalem are arrested by Israeli Police with three knives concealed in their coats on suspicion of planning to carry out a stabbing attack. ](/news/2016/04/14/a-palestinian-wielding-an-ax-attacks-an-israeli-soldier-near-hebron-and-is-shot-dead-while-two-12-year-old-palestinians-in-jerusalem-are-arr.md) _Context: Hebron, Jerusalem, Palestinian_
9. [Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation" with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaza-will-fulfil-its-role-in-the-je.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Jerusalem_
10. [Israel destroys the homes of three Palestinian terrorists. Rassen and Udai abu-Jamal who committed the 2014 Jerusalem synagogue attack and Moatez Hijazi who committed the excavator rampage in Jerusalem during the 2014 Israel-Gaza conflict. ](/news/2015/10/6/israel-destroys-the-homes-of-three-palestinian-terrorists-rassen-and-udai-abu-jamal-who-committed-the-2014-jerusalem-synagogue-attack-and-m.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem, Palestinian_
