### [2003-08-19](/news/2003/08/19/index.md)

#  Afghanistan celebrates its Independence Day amid one of the bloodiest weeks in a year, with heavily armed guerrillas killing at least nine police officers in the latest in a string of ambushes. In the last week, the country has been battered by an onslaught from insurgents, who are believed to be a mix of guerrillas from the ousted Taliban regime, al-Qaida fighters and supporters of renegade warlord Gulbuddin Hekmatyar.




### Related:

1. [ U.S. forces launch new offensive aimed at the Taliban and al-Qaeda and the capture of Osama bin Laden and Mullah Omar in Afghanistan. ](/news/2004/03/13/u-s-forces-launch-new-offensive-aimed-at-the-taliban-and-al-qaeda-and-the-capture-of-osama-bin-laden-and-mullah-omar-in-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Al Qaida's, Taliban_
2. [An Afghan soldier kills 3 U.S. troops and injures 1 other in Achin, Nangarhar Province. The Taliban claims responsibility, saying the Afghan soldier was one of several Taliban infiltrators in the Afghan Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/06/10/an-afghan-soldier-kills-3-u-s-troops-and-injures-1-other-in-achin-nangarhar-province-the-taliban-claims-responsibility-saying-the-afghan.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Taliban_
3. [A Taliban raid kills at least 20 Afghan police officers in southern Afghanistan. ](/news/2017/05/21/a-taliban-raid-kills-at-least-20-afghan-police-officers-in-southern-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Taliban_
4. [The Afghan Minister of Defense, Abdullah Habibi and the Chief of Staff of the Afghan National Army, Qadam Shah Shahim, resign after a Taliban attack on Camp Shaheen near Mazar-i-Sharif that claimed over 140 lives. ](/news/2017/04/24/the-afghan-minister-of-defense-abdullah-habibi-and-the-chief-of-staff-of-the-afghan-national-army-qadam-shah-shahim-resign-after-a-taliba.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Taliban_
5. [Taliban insurgents attack an Afghan military base in Mazar-e-Sharif, Balkh Province, killing more than 140 soldiers. It is said to be the deadliest attack of its kind ](/news/2017/04/21/taliban-insurgents-attack-an-afghan-military-base-in-mazar-e-sharif-balkh-province-killing-more-than-140-soldiers-it-is-said-to-be-the-de.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Taliban_
6. [Russian Special Envoy to Afghanistan Zamir Kabulov denies allegations by NATO Commander Gen. Curtis Scaparrotti that Russia was "perhaps" supplying the Taliban. ](/news/2017/03/24/russian-special-envoy-to-afghanistan-zamir-kabulov-denies-allegations-by-nato-commander-gen-curtis-scaparrotti-that-russia-was-perhaps-su.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Taliban_
7. [Taliban insurgents seize control of the strategic town of Sangin in the southern Helmand Province after a year-long battle with Afghan security forces. ](/news/2017/03/23/taliban-insurgents-seize-control-of-the-strategic-town-of-sangin-in-the-southern-helmand-province-after-a-year-long-battle-with-afghan-secur.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Taliban_
8. [The Obama Administration and Bush Administration had failed to publicly disclose up to thousands of lethal airstrikes the U.S. made in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria against ISIL, Al-Qaeda, and the Taliban via U.S. Army helicopters and drones. ](/news/2017/02/5/the-obama-administration-and-bush-administration-had-failed-to-publicly-disclose-up-to-thousands-of-lethal-airstrikes-the-u-s-made-in-afgha.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Taliban_
9. [The Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction releases a report on Afghanistan, saying that the Afghan Armed Forces are not capable of securing the country and have lost more territory to the Taliban, the most since the United States invasion of Afghanistan in 2001. ](/news/2017/01/11/the-special-inspector-general-for-afghanistan-reconstruction-releases-a-report-on-afghanistan-saying-that-the-afghan-armed-forces-are-not-c.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Taliban_
10. [Battle of Boz Qandahari: Two United States military personnel, four Afghan Commandos, and 30 civilians are killed in clashes with the Taliban in Kunduz province, Afghanistan. ](/news/2016/11/3/battle-of-boz-qandahari-two-united-states-military-personnel-four-afghan-commandos-and-30-civilians-are-killed-in-clashes-with-the-taliba.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Taliban_
