### [2003-08-19](/news/2003/08/19/index.md)

#  Natural disaster: Start of the Booth and Bear Butte forest fires in the Cascade Mountains, the worst fire in Oregon of this year. Within three days the resort community of Camp Sherman is evacuated, affecting 1,500 residents and campers, closure of US highway 20 over Santiam Pass, and burning at least 41,000 acres (170&nbsp;km<sup>2</sup>).




### Related:

1. [ Natural disaster: The Booth and Bear Butte forest fires in the Cascade Mountains, which had been 45% contained, explodes to burn an additional 20,000 acres (80&nbsp;km2). Estimates of the size of this fire vary between 62,000 and 80,000 acres (250 and 320&nbsp;km2). The resort community of Camp Sherman, where authorities allowed residents to return, is once again evacuated.](/news/2003/09/4/natural-disaster-the-booth-and-bear-butte-forest-fires-in-the-cascade-mountains-which-had-been-45-contained-explodes-to-burn-an-additio.md) _Context: Camp Sherman, Cascade Mountains, forest fire, natural disaster_
2. [The state of Washington, joined by the states of California, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, and Oregon, asks a federal judge to stop, on constitutional grounds, the revised federal immigration/refugee rules from taking effect on Thursday, March 16. The state of Hawaii has filed a separate, similar request. ](/news/2017/03/13/the-state-of-washington-joined-by-the-states-of-california-maryland-massachusetts-new-york-and-oregon-asks-a-federal-judge-to-stop-on.md) _Context: Oregon_
3. [Chile has declared a state of emergency and requested international help to help deal with forest fires. ](/news/2017/01/22/chile-has-declared-a-state-of-emergency-and-requested-international-help-to-help-deal-with-forest-fires.md) _Context: forest fire_
4. [Voters in the American state of Oregon have their mail-in ballots counted for a Democratic Party and Republican Party primary. Donald Trump is the projected winner on the Republican winner while Bernie Sanders is projected to win the Democratic Party race. ](/news/2016/05/17/voters-in-the-american-state-of-oregon-have-their-mail-in-ballots-counted-for-a-democratic-party-and-republican-party-primary-donald-trump.md) _Context: Oregon_
5. [The presidential campaigns of Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Governor of Ohio John Kasich announce they will now coordinate strategies to stop fellow Republican Donald Trump from becoming the party's nominee. Cruz's campaign will cut campaigning in Oregon and New Mexico to help Kasich, while the Kasich campaign will give Cruz a "clear path" in Indiana. ](/news/2016/04/25/the-presidential-campaigns-of-texas-senator-ted-cruz-and-governor-of-ohio-john-kasich-announce-they-will-now-coordinate-strategies-to-stop-f.md) _Context: Oregon_
6. [ U.S. federal authorities arrest militia leader Ammon Bundy and several of his followers following an exchange of gunfire at a traffic stop on U.S. Route 395 in Harney County, Oregon. One person, LaVoy Finicum, a rancher from Arizona and spokesman for the militia, was killed in the shootout. ](/news/2016/01/26/u-s-federal-authorities-arrest-militia-leader-ammon-bundy-and-several-of-his-followers-following-an-exchange-of-gunfire-at-a-traffic-stop.md) _Context: Oregon_
7. [The President of Indonesia Joko Widodo announces that he will seek help from other nations in putting out illegally lit forest fires that have caused the haze. ](/news/2015/10/8/the-president-of-indonesia-joko-widodo-announces-that-he-will-seek-help-from-other-nations-in-putting-out-illegally-lit-forest-fires-that-ha.md) _Context: forest fire_
8. [Seven hikers are killed by a forest fire while climbing Indonesia's Mount Lawu. ](/news/2015/10/19/seven-hikers-are-killed-by-a-forest-fire-while-climbing-indonesia-s-mount-lawu.md) _Context: forest fire_
9. [Mexican authorities arrest American Paul Erven Jackson for kidnapping and torturing two women in Oregon after more than 24 years on the run. ](/news/2015/09/30/mexican-authorities-arrest-american-paul-erven-jackson-for-kidnapping-and-torturing-two-women-in-oregon-after-more-than-24-years-on-the-run.md) _Context: Oregon_
10. [The haze from Indonesian forest fires worsens leaving Singapore and parts of Indonesia and Malaysia covered in smog. ](/news/2015/09/22/the-haze-from-indonesian-forest-fires-worsens-leaving-singapore-and-parts-of-indonesia-and-malaysia-covered-in-smog.md) _Context: forest fire_
