### [2003-08-19](/news/2003/08/19/index.md)

#  Occupation of Iraq: Iraqi Vice President Taha Yassin Ramadan, disguised as an Arab Bedouin, has been captured. Ramadan served as Saddam's thug and a member of Iraq's Revolutionary Command Council. Kurdish group claims responsibility for the capture of Ramadan. He was handed over to Coalition forces in Mosul.




### Related:

1. [ Conflict in Iraq: A suicide car bomb kills 16 and injures 24 people outside an Iraqi National Guard recruiting center in Anah, a roadside bomb kills a civilian and wounds four policemen in Basra, and a Kurdish tribal leader and his companion are shot dead in Mosul. ](/news/2004/10/6/conflict-in-iraq-a-suicide-car-bomb-kills-16-and-injures-24-people-outside-an-iraqi-national-guard-recruiting-center-in-anah-a-roadside-b.md) _Context: Kurd, Mosul_
2. [ "Occupation of Iraq": Iraq's former defense minister, Sultan Hashim Ahmed, surrenders to Coalition troops. He was seen at Saddam Hussein's side in what is thought to have been the ousted dictator's last public appearance as Baghdad fell. He is number 27 on the most-wanted list of former top officials under Saddam Hussein (also eight of hearts). The ex-minister surrendered at a house in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul and was being taken to Baghdad.](/news/2003/09/19/occupation-of-iraq-iraq-s-former-defense-minister-sultan-hashim-ahmed-surrenders-to-coalition-troops-he-was-seen-at-saddam-hussein-s.md) _Context: Iraq war, Mosul_
3. [Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi declares the battle for Mosul over, after the majority of ISIL militants were defeated. ](/news/2017/07/10/iraqi-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-declares-the-battle-for-mosul-over-after-the-majority-of-isil-militants-were-defeated.md) _Context: Mosul_
4. [Iraq Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi declares the end of the Islamic State's self-declared caliphate following the capture of the Great Mosque of al-Nuri in Mosul. ](/news/2017/06/29/iraq-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-declares-the-end-of-the-islamic-state-s-self-declared-caliphate-following-the-capture-of-the-great-mosqu.md) _Context: Mosul_
5. [ISIL militants reportedly blow up the Great Mosque of al-Nuri in Mosul, where Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi famously proclaimed the creation of a caliphate in 2014. ISIL blames a U.S. airstrike. ](/news/2017/06/21/isil-militants-reportedly-blow-up-the-great-mosque-of-al-nuri-in-mosul-where-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-famously-proclaimed-the-creation-of-a-cal.md) _Context: Mosul_
6. [The United States military reports that their investigation found 105 civilians were killed and 36 people are still missing from the bombing of a Mosul building on March 17. ](/news/2017/05/25/the-united-states-military-reports-that-their-investigation-found-105-civilians-were-killed-and-36-people-are-still-missing-from-the-bombing.md) _Context: Mosul_
7. [The Iraqi army's chief of staff, Lt Gen Othman al-Ghanmi, states that his security forces are only days away from completing the operation to recapture Mosul from ISIL. ](/news/2017/05/11/the-iraqi-army-s-chief-of-staff-lt-gen-othman-al-ghanmi-states-that-his-security-forces-are-only-days-away-from-completing-the-operation-t.md) _Context: Mosul_
8. [Two Iraqi Army pilots are killed when their Mi-24 helicopter is shot down by ISIS over the city of Mosul. ](/news/2017/04/6/two-iraqi-army-pilots-are-killed-when-their-mi-24-helicopter-is-shot-down-by-isis-over-the-city-of-mosul.md) _Context: Mosul_
9. [The United Nations announces expansion of civilian camps for people fleeing Mosul, following resumption of airstrikes on ISIL-held portions of the Iraqi city. ](/news/2017/04/4/the-united-nations-announces-expansion-of-civilian-camps-for-people-fleeing-mosul-following-resumption-of-airstrikes-on-isil-held-portions.md) _Context: Mosul_
10. [The Iraqi Army retakes Mosul Museum as well as the main government building in Mosul. ](/news/2017/03/7/the-iraqi-army-retakes-mosul-museum-as-well-as-the-main-government-building-in-mosul.md) _Context: Mosul_
