### [2003-08-19](/news/2003/08/19/index.md)

#  War on Terrorism: A Moroccan court sentences four men to death and jails 83 others for their involvement in a wave of terror attacks in Casablanca that killed 33 bystanders and a dozen suicide bombers in May 2003. The trial involved dozens of defendants accused of belonging to a clandestine Moroccan group, the Salafia Jihadia. Moroccan authorities have linked the group to Osama bin Laden's al-Qaida network.




### Related:

1. [Sulaiman Abu Ghaith, Osama bin Laden's son-in-law, is convicted in New York City of conspiring to kill Americans in his role as spokesman for al-Qaida. ](/news/2014/03/26/sulaiman-abu-ghaith-osama-bin-laden-s-son-in-law-is-convicted-in-new-york-city-of-conspiring-to-kill-americans-in-his-role-as-spokesman-fo.md) _Context: Al Qaida's, Osama bin Laden_
2. [In a second audio recording in 24 hours, Al-Qaida leader Osama bin Laden says Muslim nations haven't done enough to support relief efforts in flood-hit Pakistan. ](/news/2010/10/3/in-a-second-audio-recording-in-24-hours-al-qaida-leader-osama-bin-laden-says-muslim-nations-haven-t-done-enough-to-support-relief-efforts-i.md) _Context: Al Qaida's, Osama bin Laden_
3. [ An appeal court in Casablanca, Morocco, upholds a three year jail term against a human rights activist, Chahib Khayari, for "offending the authorities" after accusing top officials of being involved in drug networks. ](/news/2009/11/24/an-appeal-court-in-casablanca-morocco-upholds-a-three-year-jail-term-against-a-human-rights-activist-chahib-khayari-for-offending-the.md) _Context: Casablanca, Morocco_
4. [ Two suspected militants die in a security operation in Casablanca, Morocco. ](/news/2007/04/10/two-suspected-militants-die-in-a-security-operation-in-casablanca-morocco.md) _Context: Casablanca, Morocco_
5. [ The United States government announces that fourteen suspected terrorists are to be transferred to the Guantanamo Bay detainment camp and admits that these suspects have been held in CIA black sites. These people include Khalid Sheik Mohammed, believed to be the No. 3 al-Qaida leader before he was captured in Pakistan in 2003; Ramzi Binalshibh, an alleged would-be 9/11 hijacker; and Abu Zubaydah, who was believed to be a link between Osama bin Laden and many al-Qaida cells before he was also captured in Pakistan in March 2002. ](/news/2006/09/6/the-united-states-government-announces-that-fourteen-suspected-terrorists-are-to-be-transferred-to-the-guantanamo-bay-detainment-camp-and-a.md) _Context: Al Qaida's, Osama bin Laden_
6. [ US National Security Advisor Condoleezza Rice testifies before the September 11 Commission. Rice states President George W. Bush understood threat from al-Qaeda before September 11. She asserts "the terrorists were at war with us, but we were not yet at war with them." She also says that President George W. Bush came into office in 2001 determined to develop a "more robust" policy to combat Al-Qaida. The commission asks the White House to declassify a key August 2001 document entitled ""Bin Ladin Determined to Strike in US"". ](/news/2004/04/8/us-national-security-advisor-condoleezza-rice-testifies-before-the-september-11-commission-rice-states-president-george-w-bush-understood.md) _Context: Al Qaida's, Osama bin Laden_
7. [ Abdurahman Khadr, a suspected terrorist, and his family confess on CBC national television that "We are an al-Qaeda family" and that they lived with Osama bin Laden in Afghanistan.](/news/2004/03/3/abdurahman-khadr-a-suspected-terrorist-and-his-family-confess-on-cbc-national-television-that-we-are-an-al-qaeda-family-and-that-they-l.md) _Context: Al Qaida's, Osama bin Laden_
8. [ U.S. forces launch new offensive aimed at the Taliban and al-Qaeda and the capture of Osama bin Laden and Mullah Omar in Afghanistan. ](/news/2004/03/13/u-s-forces-launch-new-offensive-aimed-at-the-taliban-and-al-qaeda-and-the-capture-of-osama-bin-laden-and-mullah-omar-in-afghanistan.md) _Context: Al Qaida's, Osama bin Laden_
9. [ War on Terrorism: US military commander for the Middle East reportedly creates a covert commando force (named Task Force 121) to hunt Saddam Hussein and Osama bin Laden (and other key terrorists throughout the region). Military officers state a broader, regional mission is given to the force, which has become one of the Pentagon's most highly classified and closely watched operations. The Special Operations organization to act with greater speed on intelligence tips about ""high-value targets"" and not be contained within the borders where American conventional forces are operating in Iraq and Afghanistan. General John Abizaid, who commands all American forces in the strategic crescent from the Red Sea to the Indian Ocean, had previously decided to disband two Special Operations missions (Task Force 5 in Afghanistan and Task Force 20 in Iraq).](/news/2003/11/7/war-on-terrorism-us-military-commander-for-the-middle-east-reportedly-creates-a-covert-commando-force-named-task-force-121-to-hunt-sadda.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, War on Terrorism_
10. [ War on Terrorism: The "New York Times" reports that militant Muslim recruits are ""streaming into Iraq"" and answering the call of Osama bin Laden and other extremists. These individuals are joining the fight against the coalition's occupation in Iraq, state counterterrorism officials. Intelligence officials (in six countries) have detected an estimate of hundreds of militant young Muslims from various countries headed for Iraq (primarily by crossing the Syrian or Iranian borders).](/news/2003/11/2/war-on-terrorism-the-new-york-times-reports-that-militant-muslim-recruits-are-streaming-into-iraq-and-answering-the-call-of-osama-bi.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, War on Terrorism_
