### [2011-07-21](/news/2011/07/21/index.md)

# MSNBC reports that the United States Department of Justice is investigating claims that News Corporation's advertising arm repeatedly hacked into the computers of competitors. 

Justice Department prosecutors are reviewing allegations that News Corp.&#8217;s advertising arm repeatedly hacked into the computers of a competitor in the United States as part of an effort to steal the rival firm&#8217;s business, according to a lawyer for the company. 


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-14242763)
2. [MSNBC](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/43847056/ns/us_news-crime_and_courts/)

### Related:

1. [British police widen their phone-hacking inquiry with new arrests of journalists from newspapers not owned by News Corporation, which previously has been the focus of the investigation. ](/news/2012/07/11/british-police-widen-their-phone-hacking-inquiry-with-new-arrests-of-journalists-from-newspapers-not-owned-by-news-corporation-which-previo.md) _Context: News Corporation, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
2. [News International phone hacking scandal: The House of Commons Culture, Media and Sport Committee publishes its report into phone hacking at the ''News of the World''. The committee concludes that Rupert Murdoch "is not a fit person" to run a major international company and exhibited "wilful blindness" to phone-hacking and other practices going on in his media empire. The report also accuses three News Corporation executives of giving misleading evidence. ](/news/2012/05/1/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-the-house-of-commons-culture-media-and-sport-committee-publishes-its-report-into-phone-hacking-at.md) _Context: News Corporation, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
3. [News International phone hacking scandal:Adam Smith, a special adviser to Jeremy Hunt, the United Kingdom Secretary of State for Culture, Olympics, Media and Sport, resigns over his role in Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation's attempt to take over satellite broadcaster BSkyB. ](/news/2012/04/25/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-padam-smith-a-special-adviser-to-jeremy-hunt-the-united-kingdom-secretary-of-state-for-culture-o.md) _Context: News Corporation, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
4. [The U.S. Justice Department plans on challenging American colleges and universities on affirmative action decisions that it views disproportionately affect Asian and White American students. ](/news/2017/08/2/the-u-s-justice-department-plans-on-challenging-american-colleges-and-universities-on-affirmative-action-decisions-that-it-views-disproport.md) _Context: U.S. Justice Department_
5. [The U.S. Department of Justice charges 412 individuals with health care fraud. Collectively, these individuals are accused of collectively defrauding $1.3 billion from the U.S. government. ](/news/2017/07/13/the-u-s-department-of-justice-charges-412-individuals-with-health-care-fraud-collectively-these-individuals-are-accused-of-collectively-d.md) _Context: U.S. Justice Department_
6. [After ''The Intercept'' publishes a classified NSA document describing Russian efforts to launch cyberattacks on U.S. voting software suppliers, the United States Department of Justice announces it had brought charges upon Reality Winner, the alleged leaker. ](/news/2017/06/5/after-the-intercept-publishes-a-classified-nsa-document-describing-russian-efforts-to-launch-cyberattacks-on-u-s-voting-software-suppli.md) _Context: U.S. Justice Department_
7. [The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling  that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and  let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of  the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision  on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-may-25-ruling-that-affirmed-the.md) _Context: U.S. Justice Department_
8. [U.S. immigration suspension, ''State of Washington v. Trump''Trump's travel ban remains suspended as the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denies the Justice Department's request to stay the ruling which blocks major portions of the executive order. ](/news/2017/02/5/u-s-immigration-suspension-state-of-washington-v-trump-ptrump-s-travel-ban-remains-suspended-as-the-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-nint.md) _Context: U.S. Justice Department_
9. [The U.S. Justice Department tells the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals that it won't be seeking further action by the court since this executive order will soon be replaced by a different one.  Justice added they expect the Ninth Circuit ruling will be vacated once the new executive order is issued. ](/news/2017/02/16/the-u-s-justice-department-tells-the-ninth-circuit-court-of-appeals-that-it-won-t-be-seeking-further-action-by-the-court-since-this-executi.md) _Context: U.S. Justice Department_
10. [  The U.S. Justice Department (DOJ) issues final approval for Alaska Airlines to acquire Virgin America, in a US$2.6 billion dollar merger. In exchange for approval, the DOJ requires Alaska Airlines to reduce its partnership with American Airlines. ](/news/2016/12/6/the-u-s-justice-department-doj-issues-final-approval-for-alaska-airlines-to-acquire-virgin-america-in-a-us-2-6-billion-dollar-merger.md) _Context: U.S. Justice Department_
