### [2005-10-16](/news/2005/10/16/index.md)

#  Louis Farrakhan, leader of the Nation of Islam, addresses the Millions More event in Washington DC and condemns George W. Bush for the federal government's response to Hurricane Katrina. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/4346352.stm)

### Related:

1. [ United States President George W. Bush announces new measures to attack the current economic crisis including plans for the U.S. government to buy stakes in major banks. ](/news/2008/10/14/united-states-president-george-w-bush-announces-new-measures-to-attack-the-current-economic-crisis-including-plans-for-the-u-s-government.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States_
2. [ A video obtained by the Associated Press shows U.S. President George W. Bush being warned that the levees in New Orleans could break one day before Hurricane Katrina hit. ](/news/2006/03/1/a-video-obtained-by-the-associated-press-shows-u-s-president-george-w-bush-being-warned-that-the-levees-in-new-orleans-could-break-one-da.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Hurricane Katrina_
3. [ U.S. President George W. Bush tours the area devastated by Hurricane Katrina amidst growing criticism of his lack of leadership. Media reports say he will not visit New Orleans. Bush said order would be restored and New Orleans would emerge from its "darkest days". ](/news/2005/09/2/u-s-president-george-w-bush-tours-the-area-devastated-by-hurricane-katrina-amidst-growing-criticism-of-his-lack-of-leadership-media-repo.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Hurricane Katrina_
4. [ Former president Bill Clinton under pressure from Democratic party leaders criticises President George W. Bush's policies on Iraq, Hurricane Katrina and budget deficits. [http://news.yahoo.com/s/afp/20050919/ts_alt_afp/usweatheriraqeconomy_050919063222 (Yahoo News)] (Link dead as of 21:23, 14 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/09/19/former-president-bill-clinton-under-pressure-from-democratic-party-leaders-criticises-president-george-w-bush-s-policies-on-iraq-hurrican.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Hurricane Katrina_
5. [British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to "The New York Times". British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connection-with-monday-s-manchester-bombing-attack-for-most-of-the-day.md) _Context: United States_
6. [Citing security concerns because of recent terrorist activity, the American and British governments impose a ban affecting inbound-passengers flying from much of the Middle East and North Africa. The ban includes airplane cabin passenger-accessible items such as laptops, tablets, and other electronic devices which are larger than a smartphone. Larger such electronic devices will still be allowed on board in checked baggage which is thus more closely screened and passenger-inaccessible. ](/news/2017/03/21/citing-security-concerns-because-of-recent-terrorist-activity-the-american-and-british-governments-impose-a-ban-affecting-inbound-passenger.md) _Context: United States_
7. [President-elect Donald Trump names Tom Price as United States Secretary of Health and Human Services; former President George W. Bush Administration official and wife of Mitch McConnell Elaine Chao as United States Secretary of Transportation; ](/news/2016/11/29/president-elect-donald-trump-names-tom-price-as-united-states-secretary-of-health-and-human-services-former-president-george-w-bush-admini.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
8. [President of Russia Vladimir Putin accuses the United States of reneging on a 16-year-old deal that called for reducing Russia's and the United States' stockpiles of weapons-grade plutonium. He accused Washington of trying to preserve its ability to turn some of its plutonium stockpile back into a form usable for nuclear weapons. ](/news/2016/04/23/president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-accuses-the-united-states-of-reneging-on-a-16-year-old-deal-that-called-for-reducing-russia-s-and-the-uni.md) _Context: United States_
9. [China summons Kaye Lee, the U.S. deputy chief of mission in Beijing, to protest Washington's announcement that it is selling two warships to Taiwan as part of a $1.83 billion arms deal. U.S. state department spokesman John Kirby says the sale is consistent with the 1979 Taiwan Relations Act while Chinese Vice-Foreign Minister Zheng Zequang threatens to impose sanctions on U.S. firms because the proposed sale "severely damaged China's sovereignty and security interests." ](/news/2015/12/17/china-summons-kaye-lee-the-u-s-deputy-chief-of-mission-in-beijing-to-protest-washington-s-announcement-that-it-is-selling-two-warships-to.md) _Context: United States_
10. [Glen Casada, a top Republican Tennessee lawmaker who is the chair of the state's House Republican Caucus, suggests activating the Tennessee National Guard to 'round up' Syrian refugees and remove them from the southeastern state, saying "Tennessee is a sovereign state, if the federal government is forsaking the obligation to protect our citizens, we need to act". ](/news/2015/11/18/glen-casada-a-top-republican-tennessee-lawmaker-who-is-the-chair-of-the-stateas-house-republican-caucus-suggests-activating-the-tennesse.md) _Context: United States_
