### [2011-05-4](/news/2011/05/4/index.md)

# 2011 Libyan civil war. The chief prosecutor for the International Criminal Court, Luis Moreno-Ocampo, reports that there are "reasonable grounds to believe that crimes against humanity have been committed and continue being committed in Libya, and says he will soon request arrest warrants against three individuals who are "most responsible for the crimes committed." 

The chief prosecutor for the International Criminal Court said in a report Wednesday there are &quot;reasonable grounds to believe that crimes against humanity have been committed and continue being committed in Libya.&quot;


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2011/WORLD/africa/05/04/libya.war/index.html)
2. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/africaandindianocean/libya/8493132/Muammar-Gaddafi-facing-war-crimes-arrest-warrant.html)
3. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/africaandindianocean/libya/8493150/Libya-aid-ship-cuts-short-mission-in-Misurata-after-coming-under-fire.html)

### Related:

1. [ The Chief Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court names the former Sudanese minister Ahmed Muhammad Harun and Janjaweed militia leader Ali Kushayb as chief suspects in its investigation into alleged war crimes and crimes against humanity in Darfur. The Government of Sudan has announced that it will not hand over the named men to the ICC. ](/news/2007/02/27/the-chief-prosecutor-of-the-international-criminal-court-names-the-former-sudanese-minister-ahmed-muhammad-harun-and-janjaweed-militia-lead.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Luis Moreno-Ocampo, crimes against humanity_
2. [Philippine Drug War. A Filipino lawyer files a complaint of "mass murder and crimes against humanity" against Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte and eleven other officials at the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2017/04/24/philippine-drug-war-a-filipino-lawyer-files-a-complaint-of-mass-murder-and-crimes-against-humanity-against-philippines-president-rodrigo.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, crimes against humanity_
3. [United Nations. Cuba defends North Korea by circulating an amendment to a European-Japanese draft resolution recommending the referral of North Korea to the International Criminal Court for crimes against humanity. ](/news/2014/11/13/united-nations-cuba-defends-north-korea-by-circulating-an-amendment-to-a-european-japanese-draft-resolution-recommending-the-referral-of-no.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, crimes against humanity_
4. [Former Congolese militia leader Mathieu Ngudjolo Chui is acquitted by the International Criminal Court of war crimes and crimes against humanity. ](/news/2012/12/18/former-congolese-militia-leader-mathieu-ngudjolo-chui-is-acquitted-by-the-international-criminal-court-of-war-crimes-and-crimes-against-huma.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, crimes against humanity_
5. [Former Cte d'Ivoire President Laurent Gbagbo appears before the International Criminal Court to face charges of crimes against humanity. ](/news/2011/12/5/former-cote-d-ivoire-president-laurent-gbagbo-appears-before-the-international-criminal-court-to-face-charges-of-crimes-against-humanity.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, crimes against humanity_
6. [It is announced that Laurent Gbagbo, the former President of Cte d'Ivoire, has been transferred to the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands, to face trial for crimes against humanity. ](/news/2011/11/30/it-is-announced-that-laurent-gbagbo-the-former-president-of-cote-d-ivoire-has-been-transferred-to-the-international-criminal-court-in-the.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, crimes against humanity_
7. [Sudanese president Omar al-Bashir, the subject of an International Criminal Court arrest warrant for genocide, war crimes and crimes against humanity in the region of Darfur, unexpectedly delays his visit to China without official explanation, after he had already departed for an anti-terrorism conference hosted by Iran. ](/news/2011/06/27/sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-the-subject-of-an-international-criminal-court-arrest-warrant-for-genocide-war-crimes-and-crimes-against.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, crimes against humanity_
8. [Former Vice President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Jean-Pierre Bemba, goes on trial for crimes against humanity and war crimes at the International Criminal Court in The Hague. ](/news/2010/11/22/former-vice-president-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-jean-pierre-bemba-goes-on-trial-for-crimes-against-humanity-and-war-crimes-a.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, crimes against humanity_
9. [Luis Moreno-Ocampo, Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court (ICC), says that monitoring Sudan's election next month would be like monitoring a vote in Hitler's Germany. ](/news/2010/03/24/luis-moreno-ocampo-prosecutor-of-the-international-criminal-court-icc-says-that-monitoring-sudan-s-election-next-month-would-be-like-mon.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Luis Moreno-Ocampo_
10. [ Luis Moreno-Ocampo, the Prosecutor for the International Criminal Court, accuses Sudanese president Omar al-Bashir of genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes in Darfur. ](/news/2008/07/14/luis-moreno-ocampo-the-prosecutor-for-the-international-criminal-court-accuses-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-of-genocide-crimes-agai.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Luis Moreno-Ocampo_
