### [2011-05-4](/news/2011/05/4/index.md)

# One policeman is killed and another injured when Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan's convoy is attacked after a campaign rally in northern Turkey; Erdogan was not in the convoy at the time of the attack. 

Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan said Wednesday one policeman was killed and another injured when his convoy was attacked on its way to a campaign rally. 


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2011/WORLD/meast/05/04/turkey.erdogan.attack/index.html)
2. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/turkey/8493923/Explosives-thrown-at-police-escort-kills-officer-after-Erdogan-rally.html)

### Related:

1. [ Turkey: Turkish Justice and Development Party (AK Party) has won the Turkish general election. The AK Party campaigned on economic and social issues, and downplayed its Islamist origins. The AK Party's chairman Recep Tayyip Erdogan is banned from holding political office, so someone else will become Turkish Prime Minister. Opponents of the AK Party have expressed concerns that the AK Party's victory may threaten the secular nature of the Turkish state.](/news/2002/11/4/turkey-turkish-justice-and-development-party-ak-party-has-won-the-turkish-general-election-the-ak-party-campaigned-on-economic-and-soci.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey, Turkish Prime Minister_
2. [Turkish constitutional referendum, 2017: Voters in Turkey go to the polls for a referendum that seeks to replace the country's parliamentary system with an executive presidency, thereby giving President Recep Tayyip Erdogan sweeping new powers. Erdogan's AK Party has claimed victory while the opposition CHP has said that it will challenge the result. ](/news/2017/04/16/turkish-constitutional-referendum-2017-voters-in-turkey-go-to-the-polls-for-a-referendum-that-seeks-to-replace-the-country-s-parliamentary.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey_
3. [2017 Dutch-Turkish diplomatic incident: Turkey bans the Dutch ambassador, Cornelis Van Rij, from returning to the Embassy of the Netherlands in Ankara, and closes its airspace to Dutch diplomats in response to a Dutch ban on Turkish ministers speaking at pro-Erdogan rallies. ](/news/2017/03/13/2017-dutch-turkish-diplomatic-incident-turkey-bans-the-dutch-ambassador-cornelis-van-rij-from-returning-to-the-embassy-of-the-netherlan.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey_
4. [Amnesty International releases a report criticizing the rise of populist leaders such as Donald Trump of the United States, Viktor Orban of Hungary, Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines and Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey. ](/news/2017/02/22/amnesty-international-releases-a-report-criticizing-the-rise-of-populist-leaders-such-as-donald-trump-of-the-united-states-viktor-orba-n-of.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey_
5. [Accession of Turkey to the European Union: Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan threatens to open Turkey's borders to allow refugees and migrants to reach Europe after the European Parliament votes to temporarily freeze talks of Turkey's accession to the EU. ](/news/2016/11/25/accession-of-turkey-to-the-european-union-turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-threatens-to-open-turkey-s-borders-to-allow-refugees-and.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey_
6. [Turkey-United States relations: The United States Secretary of State John Kerry warns Turkey it could lose its NATO membership if it fails to uphold the principles of democracy. Around 8,000 police officers have been sacked in the country following the attempted coup, with more than 6,000 people in the army, the judiciary and other state bodies detained as part of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's crackdown. ](/news/2016/07/18/turkey-united-states-relations-the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-warns-turkey-it-could-lose-its-nato-membership-if-it-fails.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey_
7. [European Union-Turkey relations: Hansjorg Haber|de, the European Union's top envoy to Turkey, resigns effective August. Omer Celik, Turkish Minister of European Union Affairs, had complained that Haber had shown disrespect for Turkey's national values, and for President Tayyip Erdogan. EU officials declined to comment on the reason for Haber's resignation. ](/news/2016/06/14/european-union-turkey-relations-hansjaprg-haber-de-the-european-union-s-top-envoy-to-turkey-resigns-effective-august-amer-aelik-turki.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey_
8. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan warns Germany against recognizing the Armenian Genocide. ](/news/2016/06/1/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-warns-germany-against-recognizing-the-armenian-genocide.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey_
9. [Justice and Development Party leadership election, 2016: Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu announces his resignation effective 22 May amid conflict with President Recep Tayyip Erdogan over Turkey-s increasingly authoritarian rule. Davutoglu said he would step down following an extraordinary meeting of AKP party leaders scheduled for May 22. ](/news/2016/05/5/justice-and-development-party-leadership-election-2016-turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-announces-his-resignation-effective-22-may.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey_
10. [ Syrian Civil War: Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan threatens unilateral action against Islamic State of Iraq and Syria inside Syria. ](/news/2016/05/12/syrian-civil-war-turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-threatens-unilateral-action-against-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-syria-inside-syria.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey_
