### [2011-05-4](/news/2011/05/4/index.md)

# The trial of two Rwandan rebel leaders charged in connection with their part in crimes against humanity and war crimes carried out by their militias in the Democratic Republic of Congo in 2008 and 2009, begins in the Stuttgart high court, Germany. 

Two Rwandan rebel leaders went on trial in Germany on Wednesday on charges of crimes against humanity, war crimes and being members of a foreign terrorist group, a court statement said.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2011/CRIME/05/04/germany.rwanda.war.crimes/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Police in Stuttgart, Germany, arrest at least 400 left-wing demonstrators after they attempted to stop a conference by the Alternative for Germany from being held. The protest grew violent when they began to throw stones and use fireworks against the police. ](/news/2016/04/30/police-in-stuttgart-germany-arrest-at-least-400-left-wing-demonstrators-after-they-attempted-to-stop-a-conference-by-the-alternative-for-g.md) _Context: Germany, Stuttgart_
2. [Nestor Louis Michel calls Rwandan President Paul Kagame a "great leader" ("groot leider"). Kagame has been accused of war crimes during Rwanda's invasion of the DR Congo in 1996, and of having led a subsequent proxy war against the DR Congo by arming the CNDP until January 20, 2009. Congo currently accuses Rwandan defence officials of supporting a new destabilisation of East Congo. Louis Michel urges the international community for "more time" to "objectivate the facts first" before taking any action. ](/news/2012/09/9/nestor-louis-michel-calls-rwandan-president-paul-kagame-a-great-leader-groot-leider-kagame-has-been-accused-of-war-crimes-during-rwan.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo, Rwanda_
3. [ Democratic Republic of Congo transfers Grgoire Ndahimana to the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda (ICTR) to stand trial for the massacre of at least 2,000 Rwandan Tutsis during the 1994 genocide. ](/news/2009/09/20/democratic-republic-of-congo-transfers-gregoire-ndahimana-to-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-rwanda-ictr-to-stand-trial-for-the-m.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo, Rwanda_
4. [ The Presidents of Democratic Republic of Congo and Rwanda, Joseph Kabila and Paul Kagame, pledge to boost economic and security ties after a rare meeting. ](/news/2009/08/6/the-presidents-of-democratic-republic-of-congo-and-rwanda-joseph-kabila-and-paul-kagame-pledge-to-boost-economic-and-security-ties-after.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo, Rwanda_
5. [ Charles Murigande, the foreign minister of Rwanda, criticizes the Democratic Republic of Congo for stopping military operations against the Democratic Forces for the Liberation of Rwanda. ](/news/2007/08/15/charles-murigande-the-foreign-minister-of-rwanda-criticizes-the-democratic-republic-of-congo-for-stopping-military-operations-against-the.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo, Rwanda_
6. [ Rwandan President Paul Kagame denies previous reports that quoted him as saying Rwanda would invade the Democratic Republic of Congo to deal with Hutu rebel groups responsible for the Rwandan genocide. ](/news/2006/11/13/rwandan-president-paul-kagame-denies-previous-reports-that-quoted-him-as-saying-rwanda-would-invade-the-democratic-republic-of-congo-to-dea.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo, Rwanda_
7. [ In Germany, 378 people (including 122 England fans) are arrested after a violent confrontation between England supporters and Germany supporters in Stuttgart. Approximately 60,000 England supporters are present in Stuttgart for Sunday's World Cup second round game with Ecuador. ](/news/2006/06/24/in-germany-378-people-including-122-england-fans-are-arrested-after-a-violent-confrontation-between-england-supporters-and-germany-suppo.md) _Context: Germany, Stuttgart_
8. [ The United Nations is looking at the allegations that some UN staff added false details to a UN document about the conflict of Rwanda and Democratic Republic of Congo. William Church, former UN employee and US intelligence analyst, says that some UN staff added false information about Rwandan military incursions to Congo last year. ](/news/2005/04/6/the-united-nations-is-looking-at-the-allegations-that-some-un-staff-added-false-details-to-a-un-document-about-the-conflict-of-rwanda-and-d.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo, Rwanda_
9. [ A man wielding a sword attacks a Tamil church congregation in Stuttgart, Germany, kills a woman and seriously injures three other people. ](/news/2005/04/3/a-man-wielding-a-sword-attacks-a-tamil-church-congregation-in-stuttgart-germany-kills-a-woman-and-seriously-injures-three-other-people.md) _Context: Germany, Stuttgart_
10. [The Bundestag votes to introduce same-sex marriage in Germany.  With 393 votes in favor and 226 against, including Chancellor Angela Merkel voting against despite previous reports saying she supports same-sex marriage, the law is expected to enter into force before the end of the year. ](/news/2017/06/30/the-bundestag-votes-to-introduce-same-sex-marriage-in-germany-with-393-votes-in-favor-and-226-against-including-chancellor-angela-merkel.md) _Context: Germany_
