### [2011-05-4](/news/2011/05/4/index.md)

# Two trains collide near US Highway 30 near the US city of Portland, Oregon, causing a fire and necessitating the evacuation of nearby residents. 




### Source:

1. [KGW](http://www.kgw.com/news/Derailment-on-US-30-creates-major-fire-121274234.html)

### Related:

1. [The police in the US city of Portland, Oregon close down the Occupy Portland site resulting in 50 arrests. ](/news/2011/11/13/the-police-in-the-us-city-of-portland-oregon-close-down-the-occupy-portland-site-resulting-in-50-arrests.md) _Context: Oregon, Portland, Oregon_
2. [Somali-born teenager Mohamed Osman Mohamud is arrested in Portland, Oregon, for allegedly plotting a bombing attack on a Christmas tree lighting ceremony. ](/news/2010/11/27/somali-born-teenager-mohamed-osman-mohamud-is-arrested-in-portland-oregon-for-allegedly-plotting-a-bombing-attack-on-a-christmas-tree-ligh.md) _Context: Oregon, Portland, Oregon_
3. [ A gunman kills two people and injures seven others in Portland, Oregon, before shooting and critically wounding himself. ](/news/2009/01/26/a-gunman-kills-two-people-and-injures-seven-others-in-portland-oregon-before-shooting-and-critically-wounding-himself.md) _Context: Oregon, Portland, Oregon_
4. [ The United States Green Party, in a rebuff to Ralph Nader, nominates Texas lawyer David Cobb as their candidate for President of the United States. This means that Nader will need to attain ballot access on his own in over 23 states, instead of being able to be placed on the ballots automatically as the Green Party candidate. Nader has announced that he may attempt to gain access as the Reform Party candidate. [http://www.progress.org/2004/greenp28.htm (The Progress Report)] Ralph Nader holds a second convention in Portland to put his name on the presidential ballot in Oregon. This attempt is supported by conservative groups who hope his name will draw votes in this swing state from Democratic hopeful John Kerry. [http://www.oregonlive.com/news/oregonian/index.ssf?/base/front_page/108816503613780.xml (Portland Oregonian)] The outcome of the convention is still unknown: 943 forms were collected, but 1000 valid signatures are needed; many forms had more than one signature on them, however, the state elections board will require several weeks to validate all of the signatures.](/news/2004/06/26/the-united-states-green-party-in-a-rebuff-to-ralph-nader-nominates-texas-lawyer-david-cobb-as-their-candidate-for-president-of-the-united.md) _Context: Oregon, Portland, Oregon_
5. [Two men are stabbed to death in a train in Portland, Oregon, after they attempt to intervene while a man shouts racial slurs at two teenage girls, one of them wearing a hijab. ](/news/2017/05/26/two-men-are-stabbed-to-death-in-a-train-in-portland-oregon-after-they-attempt-to-intervene-while-a-man-shouts-racial-slurs-at-two-teenage.md) _Context: Portland, Oregon_
6. [The state of Washington, joined by the states of California, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, and Oregon, asks a federal judge to stop, on constitutional grounds, the revised federal immigration/refugee rules from taking effect on Thursday, March 16. The state of Hawaii has filed a separate, similar request. ](/news/2017/03/13/the-state-of-washington-joined-by-the-states-of-california-maryland-massachusetts-new-york-and-oregon-asks-a-federal-judge-to-stop-on.md) _Context: Oregon_
7. [Protests and riots against president-elect Donald Trump take place in Portland, Los Angeles, New York City, and Atlanta, leading to the arrests of over 225 people. ](/news/2016/11/11/protests-and-riots-against-president-elect-donald-trump-take-place-in-portland-los-angeles-new-york-city-and-atlanta-leading-to-the-arre.md) _Context: Portland, Oregon_
8. [A natural gas explosion damages several buildings and injures eight people in downtown Portland, Oregon. ](/news/2016/10/19/a-natural-gas-explosion-damages-several-buildings-and-injures-eight-people-in-downtown-portland-oregon.md) _Context: Portland, Oregon_
9. [Voters in the American state of Oregon have their mail-in ballots counted for a Democratic Party and Republican Party primary. Donald Trump is the projected winner on the Republican winner while Bernie Sanders is projected to win the Democratic Party race. ](/news/2016/05/17/voters-in-the-american-state-of-oregon-have-their-mail-in-ballots-counted-for-a-democratic-party-and-republican-party-primary-donald-trump.md) _Context: Oregon_
10. [A group of United States mayors forms ""Mayors Against Discrimination"" in the wake of recent discriminatory laws enacted in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminatory-laws-enacted-in-north-carolina.md) _Context: Portland, Oregon_
