### [2015-12-11](/news/2015/12/11/index.md)

# 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference: French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius announces the world climate talks (COP 21) will be extended to at least Saturday. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/376459cdb72242209226d0fb01c4c9d1/latest-french-host-says-climate-talks-extend-1-day)

### Related:

1. [French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius announces his resignation. President Francois Hollande says he will nominate Fabius to lead the country's Constitutional Council. ](/news/2016/02/10/french-foreign-minister-laurent-fabius-announces-his-resignation-president-francois-hollande-says-he-will-nominate-fabius-to-lead-the-count.md) _Context: Laurent Fabius, foreign minister_
2. [President of France Emmanuel Macron nominates the full Edouard Philippe government. Jean-Yves Le Drian becomes foreign minister, Sylvie Goulard defence minister, Bruno Le Maire minister of economy, and Gerard Collomb minister of the interior. ](/news/2017/05/17/president-of-france-emmanuel-macron-nominates-the-full-adouard-philippe-government-jean-yves-le-drian-becomes-foreign-minister-sylvie-gou.md) _Context: foreign minister_
3. [2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference: A record 175 states sign the United Nations climate agreement in New York on opening day. The agreement will enter into force once 55 countries representing at least 55 percent of global emissions formally join it. ](/news/2016/04/22/2015-united-nations-climate-change-conference-a-record-175-states-sign-the-united-nations-climate-agreement-in-new-york-on-opening-day-the.md) _Context: 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference_
4. [The French president Francois Hollande reshuffles his cabinet, bringing in three ministers from two green parties, Europe Ecology - The Greens and Ecologistes !; former Prime Minister of France Jean-Marc Ayrault is named as the new Foreign Minister replacing Laurent Fabius who resigned earlier in the week. ](/news/2016/02/11/the-french-president-franassois-hollande-reshuffles-his-cabinet-bringing-in-three-ministers-from-two-green-parties-europe-ecology-the-g.md) _Context: Laurent Fabius_
5. [2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference: Delegates at the 2015 Climate Change conference in Paris reach a draft agreement. ](/news/2015/12/5/2015-united-nations-climate-change-conference-delegates-at-the-2015-climate-change-conference-in-paris-reach-a-draft-agreement.md) _Context: 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference_
6. [2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference: In Paris, delegates from 195 countries approve an agreement that seeks to dramatically reduce greenhouse gas emissions.](/news/2015/12/12/2015-united-nations-climate-change-conference-in-paris-delegates-from-195-countries-approve-an-agreement-that-seeks-to-dramatically-reduce.md) _Context: 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference_
7. [2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference: Around 150 world leaders attend the UN Climate Change Conference in Paris, aiming for a global deal on limiting greenhouse gas emissions. ](/news/2015/11/30/2015-united-nations-climate-change-conference-around-150-world-leaders-attend-the-un-climate-change-conference-in-paris-aiming-for-a-globa.md) _Context: 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference_
8. [2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference: About 20,000 pairs of empty shoes lay around Paris, symbolizing the absent marchers who would have joined this weekend's worldwide climate change protests pressing for a bold international agreement at the upcoming climate summit there. The capital city was planned to be the center for demonstrations but French police banned large protests following the terrorist attacks this month. ](/news/2015/11/29/2015-united-nations-climate-change-conference-about-20-000-pairs-of-empty-shoes-lay-around-paris-symbolizing-the-absent-marchers-who-would.md) _Context: 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference_
9. [Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting 2015: The Commonwealth Heads of Government meeting in Malta calls for an ambitious and legally binding outcome at the 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference. ](/news/2015/11/28/commonwealth-heads-of-government-meeting-2015-the-commonwealth-heads-of-government-meeting-in-malta-calls-for-an-ambitious-and-legally-bind.md) _Context: 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference_
10. [2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference (COP21): France is deploying more than 10,000 personnel to provide security for the two-week UN Climate Change Conference that opens in Le Bourget in Paris on Monday, November 30, 2015. Around 150 heads of state or government are expected to attend COP21's opening day. ](/news/2015/11/26/2015-united-nations-climate-change-conference-cop21-france-is-deploying-more-than-10-000-personnel-to-provide-security-for-the-two-week-u.md) _Context: 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference_
