### [2015-12-11](/news/2015/12/11/index.md)

# China's Alibaba Group Holding Limited acquires Hong Kong's largest English-language newspaper, the "South China Morning Post", in a deal reported to be worth about $100 million. 




### Source:

1. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Business_News/2015/12/11/Alibaba-to-buy-South-China-Morning-Post-in-reported-100M-deal/5831449867302/?spt=hs&or=bn)

### Related:

1. [Politics of Hong Kong. Carrie Lam is sworn in as the first female Chief Executive of Hong Kong by President Xi Jinping amid protests against the 20th anniversary of the transfer of sovereignty to China. ](/news/2017/07/1/politics-of-hong-kong-carrie-lam-is-sworn-in-as-the-first-female-chief-executive-of-hong-kong-by-president-xi-jinping-amid-protests-against.md) _Context: China, Hong Kong_
2. [Politics of Hong Kong. Protests mark the 20th anniversary of the transfer of sovereignty over Hong Kong to China from the United Kingdom alongside the arrival of Chinese President Xi Jinping. ](/news/2017/06/29/politics-of-hong-kong-protests-mark-the-20th-anniversary-of-the-transfer-of-sovereignty-over-hong-kong-to-china-from-the-united-kingdom-alo.md) _Context: China, Hong Kong_
3. [Youngspiration. Baggio Leung and Yau Wai-ching are banned by China from taking office in Hong Kong over the oath-taking controversy. ](/news/2016/11/7/youngspiration-baggio-leung-and-yau-wai-ching-are-banned-by-china-from-taking-office-in-hong-kong-over-the-oath-taking-controversy.md) _Context: China, Hong Kong_
4. [In Hong Kong, police clash with protesters after more than 10,000 locals march against the Chinese government interpretation of the Basic Law in the Legislative Council oath-taking controversy. ](/news/2016/11/6/in-hong-kong-police-clash-with-protesters-after-more-than-10-000-locals-march-against-the-chinese-government-interpretation-of-the-basic-la.md) _Context: China, Hong Kong_
5. [Police in China detain 75 people in connection with a service that determined the female gender of unborn babies for the purpose of abortion. Authorities say that at least 300 people were involved in the illegal service in the eastern Chinese province of Zhejiang. Expectant parents wanting male children smuggled fetal blood samples to Hong Kong for gender testing. China ended its one-child policy last year. ](/news/2016/10/15/police-in-china-detain-75-people-in-connection-with-a-service-that-determined-the-female-gender-of-unborn-babies-for-the-purpose-of-abortion.md) _Context: China, Hong Kong_
6. [Causeway Bay Books disappearances. Thousands of people take to the streets of Hong Kong, demanding answers over China's alleged abduction of five booksellers in late 2015 and that Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying resign from office. ](/news/2016/07/1/causeway-bay-books-disappearances-thousands-of-people-take-to-the-streets-of-hong-kong-demanding-answers-over-china-s-alleged-abduction-of.md) _Context: China, Hong Kong_
7. [Censorship in China. Jia Jia, a columnist for China's Tencent media company is reported missing after not being heard from since Tuesday, when he was on his way to Hong Kong. He was last heard from when he tried to warn a friend about publishing an anonymous letter calling for President Xi Jinping's resignation. ](/news/2016/03/18/censorship-in-china-jia-jia-a-columnist-for-china-s-tencent-media-company-is-reported-missing-after-not-being-heard-from-since-tuesday-wh.md) _Context: China, Hong Kong_
8. [2015 Shenzhen landslide. A Chinese official who sanctioned a dump of construction debris that led to a deadly landslide in the southern city of Shenzhen that killed at least 7 people and has left over 70 missing, kills himself by jumping from a building in the city-s Nanshan district, according to the "South China Morning Post". ](/news/2015/12/28/2015-shenzhen-landslide-a-chinese-official-who-sanctioned-a-dump-of-construction-debris-that-led-to-a-deadly-landslide-in-the-southern-city.md) _Context: China, South China Morning Post_
9. [Food safety incidents in China:. McDonald's restaurants stop selling Chicken McNuggets and some other chicken products in Hong Kong, China and Japan from Shanghai Husi Foods that allegedly sold out-of-date items to fast food restaurants. ](/news/2014/07/25/food-safety-incidents-in-china-mcdonald-s-restaurants-stop-selling-chicken-mcnuggets-and-some-other-chicken-products-in-hong-kong-china-a.md) _Context: China, Hong Kong_
10. [Hong Kong arrests an employer for abusing an Indonesian maid which resulted in protests by migrant workers from Indonesia and the Philippines in the Chinese territory. ](/news/2014/01/20/hong-kong-arrests-an-employer-for-abusing-an-indonesian-maid-which-resulted-in-protests-by-migrant-workers-from-indonesia-and-the-philippine.md) _Context: China, Hong Kong_
