### [2015-12-11](/news/2015/12/11/index.md)

# Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015), Three Palestinians are killed by  Israeli forces, two in Hebron, one of whom reportedly tried to ram his car into soldiers and the other  during a violent demonstration in the West Bank city. A third Palestinian died in clashes with Israeli troops at the border fence between the Gaza Strip and Israel. 

HEBRON, West Bank - The Israeli army killed a Palestinian who it said tried to ram his car into soldiers near Hebron on Friday, and medics said another Palestinian was shot dead by Israeli forces during a violent demonstration in the flashpoint West Bank city. Violence also flared up on Friday in the Islamist Hamas-controlled Gaza Strip, where Palestinians massed at the fenced-off border with Israel, throwing rocks at troops beyond. Army gunfire killed a 38-year-old Palestinian and wounded 58 others, Gaza medics said. A campaign of stabbings, shootings and car-rammings by Palestinians has killed 19 Israelis and a U.S. citizen since the start of October. Israeli forces have killed 109 Palestinians, around two-thirds of whom the army identified as assailants. Palestinians are frustrated at the failure of long-running peace efforts with Israel and its 48-year occupation of the West Bank. Many sympathize with Hamas calls for Israel&#039;s destruction. The bloodshed has also been fueled by Muslim agitation over stepped-up Israeli access to Jerusalem&#039;s al Aqsa mosque complex, which many Jews revere as a vestige of their biblical temples. Near Hebron, a large West Bank city where both anti-Israel activism and friction with Jewish settlers are strong, a Palestinian motorist tried to ram troops at a checkpoint who then shot him dead, the army said. &quot;We saw the martyr&#039;s car parked and he stepped out of it and they fired around 15 bullets at him,&quot; Osama Ahmed Tarawa, a Palestinian who said he was working at a construction site nearby at the time of the incident, told Reuters. Citing an initial investigation, an army spokeswoman said that after crashing into the checkpoint, the motorist emerged from the car carrying a knife, apparently intent on stabbing the soldiers. A relative of the dead man gave his age as 55. In the second incident in Hebron, the army said troops fired at Palestinians who attacked them with rocks and petrol bombs after non-lethal riot-dispersal measures failed. Palestinians said a 22-year-old local man was fatally shot in the chest. Earlier on Friday, Israeli officials said a Palestinian gunman fired at a checkpoint on the northern West Bank boundary, causing no casualties, and was then shot by guards and fled. The United States, the European Union and the United Nations have expressed concern about the rising death toll, urging both sides to apply restraint, while also recognizing Israel&#039;s right to self-defense in the face of the street attacks. REUTERS


### Source:

1. [AP via Stars & Stripes](http://www.stripes.com/news/middle-east/israel-palestinian-assailant-killed-2-protesters-dead-1.383450)
2. [Today](http://www.todayonline.com/world/palestinian-driver-rams-israeli-soldiers-west-bank-shot-dead?singlepage=true)

### Related:

1. [Violence continues while talks persist looking for a peaceful resolution. A 16-year old Palestinian is shot dead after he tried to stab an Israeli security guard at a West Bank border crossing. A 25-year old Palestinian protester died of wounds suffered last week when he was shot by  Israeli troops during a border clash near the Gazan town of Khan Yunis. ](/news/2015/10/24/violence-continues-while-talks-persist-looking-for-a-peaceful-resolution-a-16-year-old-palestinian-is-shot-dead-after-he-tried-to-stab-an-i.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015), Palestinian_
2. [Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence.  ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapsed-a-nearby-house-killing-a-30-y.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israel Defense Forces, Palestinian_
3. [Following last month's manslaughter conviction, Israeli soldier Elor Azaria is sentenced to 18 months in prison by a military court for, during a violent incident, his deadly shooting of the wounded, unarmed, prone Palestinian Abdel Fattah al-Sharif, who had stabbed a soldier last March in Hebron. ](/news/2017/02/21/following-last-month-s-manslaughter-conviction-israeli-soldier-elor-azaria-is-sentenced-to-18-months-in-prison-by-a-military-court-for-dur.md) _Context: Hebron, Israel Defense Forces, Palestinian_
4. [Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israel-border-there-were-no-casualti.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
5. [Israeli forces shoot and kill a 72-year-old woman in Halhul, a town near Hebron. The soldiers say she  attempted to wound them with her car. Her son denies this, saying his mother was on her way to lunch with her sister. Later, three Israelis are shot and wounded, one seriously, in two incidents in Hebron. ](/news/2015/11/6/israeli-forces-shoot-and-kill-a-72-year-old-woman-in-halhul-a-town-near-hebron-the-soldiers-say-she-attempted-to-wound-them-with-her-car.md) _Context: Hebron, Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015)_
6. [One Palestinian is killed and three Israeli soldiers injured in two attacks in the West Bank. According to the Israeli army, the  Palestinian was shot dead after attempting to stab soldiers at a military checkpoint near the Beit Einun village in Hebron. In a second incident in the same area,  a driver rammed and injured three Israeli paramilitary border policemen with his car before fleeing the scene.  None of the  three were injured seriously. ](/news/2015/11/1/one-palestinian-is-killed-and-three-israeli-soldiers-injured-in-two-attacks-in-the-west-bank-according-to-the-israeli-army-the-palestinia.md) _Context: Hebron, Israel Defense Forces, Palestinian_
7. [Two assailants are shot dead by Israeli police after knife-wielding Palestinians attacked Israelis in Jerusalem and in the West Bank. Another four people, including a Palestinian assailant, are injured in incidents at an Israeli checkpoint outside the West Bank city of Nablus and at a tram station in East Jerusalem. ](/news/2015/10/30/two-assailants-are-shot-dead-by-israeli-police-after-knife-wielding-palestinians-attacked-israelis-in-jerusalem-and-in-the-west-bank-anothe.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015), Palestinian_
8. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met today in Berlin with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu regarding the recent spate of violence between Palestinians and Israelis. Kerry will meet on Saturday with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and King Abdullah of Jordan in Amman. ](/news/2015/10/22/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-met-today-in-berlin-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-regarding-the-recent-spate-of-violence.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015), Palestinian_
9. [U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, during a surprise visit to Jerusalem today, calls for calm ahead of meetings with Israeli and Palestinian leaders in an effort to bring an end to the month-long wave of violence. ](/news/2015/10/20/u-n-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-during-a-surprise-visit-to-jerusalem-today-calls-for-calm-ahead-of-meetings-with-israeli-and-palestinia.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015), Palestinian_
10. [The Israeli military evacuated dozens of Jewish worshippers  who were surrounded by Palestinians after entering Joseph's Tomb compound in Nablus, which was recently torched by Palestinians. The area is under full Palestinian control but Jewish prayer is permitted there when coordinated with authorities. The military said Sunday's visit was not, and the worshippers had no permit. ](/news/2015/10/18/the-israeli-military-evacuated-dozens-of-jewish-worshippers-who-were-surrounded-by-palestinians-after-entering-joseph-s-tomb-compound-in-na.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015), Palestinian_
