### [2015-12-11](/news/2015/12/11/index.md)

# Libyan Civil War (2014-present): Martin Kobler, United Nations envoy to Libya, announces the country's two rival parliaments agreement to set a target date of Dec. 16 to sign a U.N.-sponsored agreement on forming a national unity government. 

Get the latest international news and world events from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [AP via ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/dec-16-target-sign-libya-unity-government-agreement-35723192)
2. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/libya-security-idINKBN0TU22C20151211)

### Related:

1. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): The United States launches airstrikes on ISIL positions in the Libyan city of Sirte following a request from the UN-backed Government of National Accord. Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj, in a televised address, says the strikes have caused "heavy ISIL losses". ](/news/2016/08/1/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-united-states-launches-airstrikes-on-isil-positions-in-the-libyan-city-of-sirte-following-a-request-f.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), United Nations_
2. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): The self-declared National Salvation government, one of the rival governments of Libya, resigns and gives up power to the UN-backed Libyan Presidential Council in Tripoli. ](/news/2016/04/6/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-self-declared-national-salvation-government-one-of-the-rival-governments-of-libya-resigns-and-gives.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), United Nations_
3. [Libyan Civil War: Delegates from Libya's warring factions sign a U.N.-brokered agreement to form a national unity government. Some of Libya's armed brigades are closely allied with political leaders who oppose this agreement. ](/news/2015/12/17/libyan-civil-war-delegates-from-libya-s-warring-factions-sign-a-u-n-brokered-agreement-to-form-a-national-unity-government-some-of-libya.md) _Context: Libya, United Nations, national unity government_
4. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): The United Nations envoy for Libya, Bernardino Leon, proposes a government of national unity for Libya led by Fayez Sarraj as Prime Minister. ](/news/2015/10/9/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-united-nations-envoy-for-libya-bernardino-lea3n-proposes-a-government-of-national-unity-for-libya-l.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), United Nations_
5. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): At least nine people are killed and dozens injured in the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi after several mortar shells hit a protest against a UN proposal for a unity government to end the four-year long crisis in the country. ](/news/2015/10/23/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-at-least-nine-people-are-killed-and-dozens-injured-in-the-eastern-libyan-city-of-benghazi-after-several-m.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), United Nations_
6. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): The death toll from an attack on a Libyan National Army-controlled airbase in southern Libya reportedly rises to 140 people. ](/news/2017/05/20/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-death-toll-from-an-attack-on-a-libyan-national-army-controlled-airbase-in-southern-libya-reportedly-r.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
7. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): The Benghazi Defense Brigades, an ally of the Shura Council of Benghazi Revolutionaries, claims to have captured five cities and two oil-production areas from forces loyal to Khalifa Haftar in the east of Libya. ](/news/2017/03/4/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-benghazi-defense-brigades-an-ally-of-the-shura-council-of-benghazi-revolutionaries-claims-to-have-c.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
8. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): U.S. B-2 stealth bombers strike two ISIL camps, south of the city of Sirte, Libya, killing more than 80 militants, according to United States Secretary of Defense Ash Carter. ](/news/2017/01/19/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-u-s-b-2-stealth-bombers-strike-two-isil-camps-south-of-the-city-of-sirte-libya-killing-more-than-80-m.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
9. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): At least eight are killed in clashes in Tripoli, Libya. ](/news/2016/12/2/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-at-least-eight-are-killed-in-clashes-in-tripoli-libya.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
10. [European migration crisis: November 2016 Libya migrant shipwrecks: The United Nations believes that at least 239 migrants drowned in shipwrecks near the coast of Libya. ](/news/2016/11/3/european-migration-crisis-november-2016-libya-migrant-shipwrecks-the-united-nations-believes-that-at-least-239-migrants-drowned-in-shipwre.md) _Context: Libya, United Nations_
