## [2015-12-11](/news/2015/12/11/index.md)

### [The Taliban claims responsibility for a car bomb attack near the Spanish embassy in Kabul. At least one Spanish security officer is killed. ](/news/2015/12/11/the-taliban-claims-responsibility-for-a-car-bomb-attack-near-the-spanish-embassy-in-kabul-at-least-one-spanish-security-officer-is-killed.md)
Taliban fighters mounted a car bomb attack on a guest house near the Spanish embassy in Kabul on Friday, killing at least one security officer and further dimming any hopes of peace talks with moderate elements of the Islamist insurgent movement.

### [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015),Three Palestinians are killed by  Israeli forces, two in Hebron, one of whom reportedly tried to ram his car into soldiers and the other  during a violent demonstration in the West Bank city. A third Palestinian died in clashes with Israeli troops at the border fence between the Gaza Strip and Israel. ](/news/2015/12/11/israeliapalestinian-conflict-2015-pthree-palestinians-are-killed-by-israeli-forces-two-in-hebron-one-of-whom-reportedly-tried-to-ram.md)
HEBRON, West Bank - The Israeli army killed a Palestinian who it said tried to ram his car into soldiers near Hebron on Friday, and medics said another Palestinian was shot dead by Israeli forces during a violent demonstration in the flashpoint West Bank city. Violence also flared up on Friday in th...

### [Burundi's army repels attacks on military barracks in the capital, Bujumbura, in the worst violence since this spring's unrest that developed after President Pierre Nkurunziza decided to seek a third term in office. According to an army spokesman, at least 12 gunmen are killed and 20 captured. Reports that at least five soldiers have been killed are denied by the army, which says the soldiers were wounded. Two southern sites, a police station and an army camp, were also attacked, with no report on casualties. Kenya Airways and RwandAir cancels its flights to Bujumbura. ](/news/2015/12/11/burundias-army-repels-attacks-on-military-barracks-in-the-capital-bujumbura-in-the-worst-violence-since-this-spring-s-unrest-that-develo.md)
Burundi’s army said it repelled attacks on military barracks in the capital, Bujumbura, in the city’s worst violence since a failed coup in May.

### [A triple truck-bomb attack on the Kurdish YPG militia-controlled town of Tell Tamer in Syria's northeast Al-Hasakah Governorate leaves as many as 50 people dead and 80 others wounded. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attacks, saying in an online statement that three of its fighters driving three separate vehicles had detonated the suicide bombs targeting "bases" belonging to Kurdish fighters. ](/news/2015/12/11/a-triple-truck-bomb-attack-on-the-kurdish-ypg-militia-controlled-town-of-tell-tamer-in-syria-s-northeast-al-hasakah-governorate-leaves-as-ma.md)
&quot;There is massive destruction in the town and the number killed is between 50 and 60, all of them civilians.&quot;

### [The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's branch in Libya (Libya Province) seizes control of the western Libyan town of Sabratha, after storming it in retaliation after two of their men were arrested in a house nearby; however they then set up checkpoints around the town, with little opposition from the local militias that were supposed to be in control of the area. There are now fears that the militant group could destroy the town's Roman amphitheatre, which is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. ](/news/2015/12/11/the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-s-branch-in-libya-libya-province-seizes-control-of-the-western-libyan-town-of-sabratha-after-sto.md)
Fears for the future of the Roman theatre at Sabratha, one of the world&#039;s finest relics of classical antiquity

### [Swiss police in Geneva, following yesterday's CIA tip, arrest two Syrian nationals. Apparently, traces of explosives were found in their car. President Simonetta Sommaruga says, "There is currently no indication that there was a concrete attack planned." ](/news/2015/12/11/swiss-police-in-geneva-following-yesterday-s-cia-tip-arrest-two-syrian-nationals-apparently-traces-of-explosives-were-found-in-their-car.md)
Explosive traces are discovered in a car in Geneva, say media reports, as the city is put on a high security alert.

### [Chinese tycoon Guo Guangchang, founder and chairman of Fosun, is reported missing amid the Chinese anti-corruption campaign. ](/news/2015/12/11/chinese-tycoon-guo-guangchang-founder-and-chairman-of-fosun-is-reported-missing-amid-the-chinese-anti-corruption-campaign.md)
Chairman of Fosun group Guo Guangchang – known as China’s Warren Buffett – was thought to be missing but was later discovered to be in police custody

### [Two of the U.S.'s oldest and largest companies, DuPont and Dow Chemical Company, will merge in an all-stock deal valued at $130 billion. The deal, which includes future plans for DowDuPont to split into three independent, public companies, is expected to face intense scrutiny from federal antitrust regulators, who will examine the impact on prices and the  availability of vital seeds and herbicides.](/news/2015/12/11/two-of-the-u-s-as-oldest-and-largest-companies-dupont-and-dow-chemical-company-will-merge-in-an-all-stock-deal-valued-at-130-billion-t.md)
Chemical titans DuPont and Dow Chemical Co have agreed to combine in an all-stock merger valued at $130 billion in a first step toward breaking up into three separate businesses, a move that pleased activist investors and could trigger more consolidation.

### [China's Alibaba Group Holding Limited acquires Hong Kong's largest English-language newspaper, the ''South China Morning Post'', in a deal reported to be worth about $100 million. ](/news/2015/12/11/china-s-alibaba-group-holding-limited-acquires-hong-kong-s-largest-english-language-newspaper-the-south-china-morning-post-in-a-deal-r.md)
_Context: Alibaba Group Holding Limited, China, English, Hong Kong, South China Morning Post, newspaper_

### [Major UK-based reinsurance broker Aon Benfield estimates India has suffered over US$3 billion (over Rs. 200 billion) worth of losses as a result of the flooding, and rates them as the costliest floods and the eighth-costliest natural disaster of 2015.](/news/2015/12/11/major-uk-based-reinsurance-broker-aon-benfield-estimates-india-has-suffered-over-us-3-billion-over-rs-200-billion-worth-of-losses-as-a-re.md)
Reinsurance broker Aon Benfield says the country suffered a $3 bn loss to its economy from severe rainfall and flooding in November and early December

### [French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius announces the world climate talks (COP 21) will be extended to at least Saturday. ](/news/2015/12/11/french-foreign-minister-laurent-fabius-announces-the-world-climate-talks-cop-21-will-be-extended-to-at-least-saturday.md)
_Context: 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference, Laurent Fabius, foreign minister_

### [Syrian President Bashar al-Assad says he will not negotiate with armed groups, a day after the Syrian opposition's multi-group, two-day meeting in Riyadh agreed on a framework for future negotiations to end the conflict. Assad's statement also appears to put a damper on peace talks Russia and the United States are working to set up. ](/news/2015/12/11/syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-says-he-will-not-negotiate-with-armed-groups-a-day-after-the-syrian-opposition-s-multi-group-two-day-meet.md)
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad declared on Friday that he would not negotiate with armed groups, appearing to scupper peace talks that Russia and the United States hope to bring about next month.

### [The United States and Russia exchanged charges concerning U.N. Assistant Secretary-General for Human Rights Ivan Simonovic's presentation at the U.N. Security Council meeting on Ukraine.  While violence between Ukrainian troops and pro-Russian rebels has lessened since September's agreement, Simonovic warned  of the massive civilian toll if major hostilities re-erupt. OCHA's John Ging said locals face unacceptable physical hardships and indignities, and that the suspension of humanitarian programs and expulsion of humanitarian workers in non-government controlled areas must end. ](/news/2015/12/11/the-united-states-and-russia-exchanged-charges-concerning-u-n-assistant-secretary-general-for-human-rights-ivan-a-imonovia-s-presentation.md)
The United States and Russia blamed each other on Friday for the continued conflict in Ukraine, with Washington accusing the Kremlin of attempting to suppress public discussion of facts about the nearly two-year-old war.

### [Hannibal Gaddafi, son of Libya's late leader Muammar Gaddafi, who was kidnapped by militants, is released in Baalbek, Lebanon. Gaddafi's abductors said they were seeking information on the fate of Shiite cleric Imam Moussa al-Sadr, who disappeared during a trip to Tripoli in 1978. ](/news/2015/12/11/hannibal-gaddafi-son-of-libya-s-late-leader-muammar-gaddafi-who-was-kidnapped-by-militants-is-released-in-baalbek-lebanon-gaddafi-s-abd.md)
Get the latest international news and world events from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews.com

### [Martin Kobler, United Nations envoy to Libya, announces the country's two rival parliaments agreement to set a target date of Dec. 16 to sign a U.N.-sponsored agreement on forming a national unity government. ](/news/2015/12/11/martin-kobler-united-nations-envoy-to-libya-announces-the-country-s-two-rival-parliaments-agreement-to-set-a-target-date-of-dec-16-to-sig.md)
Get the latest international news and world events from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews.com

### [Washington State University researchers report in the Journal of the American Chemical Society that they have invented a new catalyst that promises to enable production of bio-based chemicals and plastics. In the future, products could be made from bio-based ethanol rather than superheated crude oil. Other uses for this new catalyst are being explored. ](/news/2015/12/11/washington-state-university-researchers-report-in-the-journal-of-the-american-chemical-society-that-they-have-invented-a-new-catalyst-that-p.md)
A newly invented catalyst promises to enable the production of bio-based chemicals and plastics.

## [Previous Day...](/news/2015/12/10/index.md)

