### [2015-12-11](/news/2015/12/11/index.md)

# Swiss police in Geneva, following yesterday's CIA tip, arrest two Syrian nationals. Apparently, traces of explosives were found in their car. President Simonetta Sommaruga says, "There is currently no indication that there was a concrete attack planned." 

Explosive traces are discovered in a car in Geneva, say media reports, as the city is put on a high security alert.


### Source:

1. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/story/1604195/two-arrests-after-is-cell-tip-off-in-geneva)

### Related:

1. [Syrian government airstrikes, and rockets from Islamist insurgents, hit many neighborhoods in Aleppo. Fatalities are reported on both sides of the city. This continued fighting threatens the truce and peace talks being held in Geneva, Switzerland. UN envoy Staffan de Mistura says he will meet the government delegation Monday, and will sit down with the main opposition High Negotiations Committee later in the week. ](/news/2016/04/16/syrian-government-airstrikes-and-rockets-from-islamist-insurgents-hit-many-neighborhoods-in-aleppo-fatalities-are-reported-on-both-sides.md) _Context: Geneva, Switzerland, Syria_
2. [Swiss officials say police, based on a CIA tip, are hunting for at least four Islamic State-associated suspects believed to be plotting an attack in Geneva. ](/news/2015/12/10/swiss-officials-say-police-based-on-a-cia-tip-are-hunting-for-at-least-four-islamic-state-associated-suspects-believed-to-be-plotting-an-a.md) _Context: CIA, Swiss authorities, Switzerland_
3. [ The delegation of the government of Syria rules out starting any direct talks with the opposition delegation as U.N. sponsored peace talks enter a third day in Geneva. ](/news/2016/03/16/the-delegation-of-the-government-of-syria-rules-out-starting-any-direct-talks-with-the-opposition-delegation-as-u-n-sponsored-peace-talks.md) _Context: Geneva, Syria_
4. [The High Negotiations Committee, Syria's main opposition group, will attend Monday's U.N.-brokered peace talks in Geneva, Switzerland, a day shy of the fifth anniversary of the start of the conflict, and two-plus weeks into the ceasefire agreement. Although fighting continues, a significant drop in violence has been seen during the truce. The first round of Geneva talks collapsed on Feb. 3 during a government offensive against rebels in Aleppo. ](/news/2016/03/11/the-high-negotiations-committee-syria-s-main-opposition-group-will-attend-monday-s-u-n-brokered-peace-talks-in-geneva-switzerland-a-day.md) _Context: Geneva, Switzerland_
5. [Saudi Arabian Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir says the country's recent tensions with Iran will not interfere with Syrian peace talks scheduled to begin in Geneva, Switzerland, later this month. ](/news/2016/01/5/saudi-arabian-foreign-minister-adel-al-jubeir-says-the-country-s-recent-tensions-with-iran-will-not-interfere-with-syrian-peace-talks-schedu.md) _Context: Geneva, Switzerland_
6. [The Large Hadron Collider at CERN centre in Geneva, Switzerland has been restarted after a two-year conversion. ](/news/2015/04/5/the-large-hadron-collider-at-cern-centre-in-geneva-switzerland-has-been-restarted-after-a-two-year-conversion.md) _Context: Geneva, Switzerland_
7. [Syrian opposition groups reject a UN-brokered peace plan accepted yesterday in Geneva for a political transition in Syria, arguing that it is ambiguous and a waste of time, and vowing not to negotiate with President Bashar Assad or members of his regime. ](/news/2012/07/1/syrian-opposition-groups-reject-a-un-brokered-peace-plan-accepted-yesterday-in-geneva-for-a-political-transition-in-syria-arguing-that-it-i.md) _Context: Geneva, Syria_
8. [Iran passes on to Tehran's Swiss embassy what it describes as evidence proving that the United States Central Intelligence Agency abducted Iranian nuclear scientist Shahram Amiri. ](/news/2010/07/4/iran-passes-on-to-tehran-s-swiss-embassy-what-it-describes-as-evidence-proving-that-the-united-states-central-intelligence-agency-abducted-i.md) _Context: CIA, Switzerland_
9. [ Protesters and police clash at a demonstration protesting a meeting of the World Trade Organization in Geneva, Switzerland. ](/news/2009/11/28/protesters-and-police-clash-at-a-demonstration-protesting-a-meeting-of-the-world-trade-organization-in-geneva-switzerland.md) _Context: Geneva, Switzerland_
10. [ The first atom collisions have taken place in the Large Hadron Collider at CERN, near Geneva, Switzerland. ](/news/2009/11/23/the-first-atom-collisions-have-taken-place-in-the-large-hadron-collider-at-cern-near-geneva-switzerland.md) _Context: Geneva, Switzerland_
