### [2015-12-11](/news/2015/12/11/index.md)

# Three Palestinians are killed by Israeli forces, two in Hebron, one of whom reportedly tried to ram his car into soldiers and the other during a violent demonstration in the West Bank city. A third Palestinian died in clashes with Israeli troops at the border fence between the Gaza Strip and Israel. 

HEBRON, West Bank - The Israeli army killed a Palestinian who it said tried to ram his car into soldiers near Hebron on Friday, and medics said another Palestinian was shot dead by Israeli forces during a violent demonstration in the flashpoint West Bank city. Violence also flared up on Friday in the Islamist Hamas-controlled Gaza Strip, where Palestinians massed at the fenced-off border with Israel, throwing rocks at troops beyond. Army gunfire killed a 38-year-old Palestinian and wounded 58 others, Gaza medics said. A campaign of stabbings, shootings and car-rammings by Palestinians has killed 19 Israelis and a U.S. citizen since the start of October. Israeli forces have killed 109 Palestinians, around two-thirds of whom the army identified as assailants. Palestinians are frustrated at the failure of long-running peace efforts with Israel and its 48-year occupation of the West Bank. Many sympathize with Hamas calls for Israel&#039;s destruction. The bloodshed has also been fueled by Muslim agitation over stepped-up Israeli access to Jerusalem&#039;s al Aqsa mosque complex, which many Jews revere as a vestige of their biblical temples. Near Hebron, a large West Bank city where both anti-Israel activism and friction with Jewish settlers are strong, a Palestinian motorist tried to ram troops at a checkpoint who then shot him dead, the army said. &quot;We saw the martyr&#039;s car parked and he stepped out of it and they fired around 15 bullets at him,&quot; Osama Ahmed Tarawa, a Palestinian who said he was working at a construction site nearby at the time of the incident, told Reuters. Citing an initial investigation, an army spokeswoman said that after crashing into the checkpoint, the motorist emerged from the car carrying a knife, apparently intent on stabbing the soldiers. A relative of the dead man gave his age as 55. In the second incident in Hebron, the army said troops fired at Palestinians who attacked them with rocks and petrol bombs after non-lethal riot-dispersal measures failed. Palestinians said a 22-year-old local man was fatally shot in the chest. Earlier on Friday, Israeli officials said a Palestinian gunman fired at a checkpoint on the northern West Bank boundary, causing no casualties, and was then shot by guards and fled. The United States, the European Union and the United Nations have expressed concern about the rising death toll, urging both sides to apply restraint, while also recognizing Israel&#039;s right to self-defense in the face of the street attacks. REUTERS


### Source:

1. [AP via Stars & Stripes](http://www.stripes.com/news/middle-east/israel-palestinian-assailant-killed-2-protesters-dead-1.383450)
2. [Today](http://www.todayonline.com/world/palestinian-driver-rams-israeli-soldiers-west-bank-shot-dead?singlepage=true)

### Related:

1. [Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence. ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapsed-a-nearby-house-killing-a-30-y.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israel Defense Forces, Palestinians_
2. [Following last month's manslaughter conviction, Israeli soldier Elor Azaria is sentenced to 18 months in prison by a military court for, during a violent incident, his deadly shooting of the wounded, unarmed, prone Palestinian Abdel Fattah al-Sharif, who had stabbed a soldier last March in Hebron. ](/news/2017/02/21/following-last-month-s-manslaughter-conviction-israeli-soldier-elor-azaria-is-sentenced-to-18-months-in-prison-by-a-military-court-for-dur.md) _Context: Hebron, Israel Defense Forces, Palestinians_
3. [Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israel-border-there-were-no-casualti.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
4. [One Palestinian is killed and three Israeli soldiers injured in two attacks in the West Bank. According to the Israeli army, the Palestinian was shot dead after attempting to stab soldiers at a military checkpoint near the Beit Einun village in Hebron. In a second incident in the same area, a driver rammed and injured three Israeli paramilitary border policemen with his car before fleeing the scene. None of the three were injured seriously. ](/news/2015/11/1/one-palestinian-is-killed-and-three-israeli-soldiers-injured-in-two-attacks-in-the-west-bank-according-to-the-israeli-army-the-palestinian.md) _Context: Hebron, Israel Defense Forces, Palestinians_
5. [Violence continues while talks persist looking for a peaceful resolution. A 16-year old Palestinian is shot dead after he tried to stab an Israeli security guard at a West Bank border crossing. A 25-year old Palestinian protester died of wounds suffered last week when he was shot by Israeli troops during a border clash near the Gazan town of Khan Yunis. ](/news/2015/10/24/violence-continues-while-talks-persist-looking-for-a-peaceful-resolution-a-16-year-old-palestinian-is-shot-dead-after-he-tried-to-stab-an-i.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel Defense Forces, Palestinians_
6. [Israeli security forces kill four Palestinians and critically wound another who attempted to stab either police officers or a member of the public today. This is the latest in a month of similar attacks where 17 Palestinian attackers and eight Israelis have been killed. ](/news/2015/10/17/israeli-security-forces-kill-four-palestinians-and-critically-wound-another-who-attempted-to-stab-either-police-officers-or-a-member-of-the.md) _Context: Israel, Israel Defense Forces, Palestinians_
7. [Palestinians carried out three stabbing attacks against Israeli citizens and police in Jerusalem today with two of the attackers shot dead as the wave of violence continues, police said. There have been a series of stabbing attacks in Israel and the West Bank in recent days that have wounded several Israelis; nine attackers have been shot dead. Also, at least 16 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli forces during/after violent demonstrations in the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2015/10/12/palestinians-carried-out-three-stabbing-attacks-against-israeli-citizens-and-police-in-jerusalem-today-with-two-of-the-attackers-shot-dead-a.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinians_
8. [Several rockets were fired from Gaza at Israel and exploded near the cities of Ashdod, Netivot and Ashkelon causing no casualties. The IDF retaliated with airstrikes against empty Hamas training camps in Gaza. ](/news/2015/06/4/several-rockets-were-fired-from-gaza-at-israel-and-exploded-near-the-cities-of-ashdod-netivot-and-ashkelon-causing-no-casualties-the-idf-r.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
9. [The Israel Defense Forces report a rocket fired from Gaza landed in Israeli territory with no injuries or damage. ](/news/2014/11/1/the-israel-defense-forces-report-a-rocket-fired-from-gaza-landed-in-israeli-territory-with-no-injuries-or-damage.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
10. [Israel agrees to a two hour ceasefire in Shuja'iyya neighbourhood in the Gaza Strip at the request of the Red Cross iafter a heavy firefight caused the death of more than 74 Palestinians and 13 Israel Defense Forces soldiers. ](/news/2014/07/20/israel-agrees-to-a-two-hour-ceasefire-in-shuja-iyya-neighbourhood-in-the-gaza-strip-at-the-request-of-the-red-cross-uafter-a-heavy-firefigh.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
