### [2009-06-5](/news/2009/06/5/index.md)

#  Presidential-election candidate Baciro Dabo and former Defense Minister Helder Proenca are accused of plotting a coup d'etat and killed by Guinea-Bissau's government. 




### Source:

1. [AFP](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5hjX6kqo3Kq3i-HPMSl_nOEi98xdw)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/africa/8084525.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Voters in Guinea-Bissau take part in a runoff presidential election between Kumba Iala and Malam Bacai Sanha. ](/news/2009/07/26/voters-in-guinea-bissau-take-part-in-a-runoff-presidential-election-between-kumba-iala-and-malam-bacai-sanha.md) _Context: Guinea-Bissau, presidential election_
2. [ A presidential election takes place in Guinea-Bissau following the death of former President Joo Bernardo Vieira. ](/news/2009/06/28/a-presidential-election-takes-place-in-guinea-bissau-following-the-death-of-former-president-joao-bernardo-vieira.md) _Context: Guinea-Bissau, presidential election_
3. [Arms trader Jacques Monsieur is to defend himself again at a Brussels court against accusations of arms trafficking to Libya, Chad, Guinea-Bissau, Pakistan and Iran between 2006 and 2009. ](/news/2017/04/21/arms-trader-jacques-monsieur-is-to-defend-himself-again-at-a-brussels-court-against-accusations-of-arms-trafficking-to-libya-chad-guinea-b.md) _Context: Guinea-Bissau_
4. [2017 dissolution of Venezuelan National Assembly: In a ruling, Venezuela's Supreme Court says it "guarantees congressional functions will be exercised by" itself, authorizing president Nicolas Maduro to create oil joint ventures without the previously mandated congressional approval. Opposition leaders call it a "coup", while Peru recalls its ambassador. ](/news/2017/03/30/2017-dissolution-of-venezuelan-national-assembly-in-a-ruling-venezuela-s-supreme-court-says-it-guarantees-congressional-functions-will-be.md) _Context: coup_
5. [2016 Turkish coup d'etat attempt: General Akin Ozturk, Turkish Air Force chief until August 2015, confesses to planning last week's attempted coup d'etat, according to the state-run Anadolu News Agency. ](/news/2016/07/18/2016-turkish-coup-d-a-c-tat-attempt-general-aka-n-azta1-4rk-turkish-air-force-chief-until-august-2015-confesses-to-planning-last-week-s-atte.md) _Context: coup_
6. [2015-16 protests in Brazil: Brazil President Dilma Rousseff says she will not resign under any circumstances because she hadn't committed a crime, and equated a bid to impeach her to a coup d'etat against democratic rule. A congressional impeachment committee has started hearings. Rousseff could be suspended if the Chamber of Deputies approves the motion to impeach. The president urged the Supreme Court to remain impartial in this political crisis. ](/news/2016/03/22/2015-16-protests-in-brazil-brazil-president-dilma-rousseff-says-she-will-not-resign-under-any-circumstances-because-she-hadn-t-committed.md) _Context: coup_
7. [Niger's president Mahamadou Issoufou announces that an attempted coup, involving the use of aerial firepower to overthrow the government has been foiled and those behind it have been arrested. Among those taken into custody were the former military chief of staff, General Souleymane Salou, and Lt. Colonel Dan Haoua, head of the air force base in the capital Niamey. ](/news/2015/12/17/niger-s-president-mahamadou-issoufou-announces-that-an-attempted-coup-involving-the-use-of-aerial-firepower-to-overthrow-the-government-has.md) _Context: coup_
8. [2015 Burkinabe coup d'etat: The coup is reversed. Interim President Michel Kafando and interim Prime Minister Yacouba Isaac Zida are reinstalled, and government soldiers are returned to their stations. Coup leader Gen. Gilbert Diendere apologizes for the coup and the week-long unrest that killed at least 10 people. The Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) suggests that elections, originally scheduled for Oct. 11, be held Nov. 22, and that candidate eligibility rules be more inclusive. ](/news/2015/09/24/2015-burkinaba-c-coup-d-a-c-tat-the-coup-is-reversed-interim-president-michel-kafando-and-interim-prime-minister-yacouba-isaac-zida-are-reins.md) _Context: coup_
9. [2015 Burundian unrest: Major General Godefroid Niyombare has declared a coup in Burundi and the establishment of a "national salvation committee". President Pierre Nkurunziza is attempting to return home from Tanzania. ](/news/2015/05/13/2015-burundian-unrest-major-general-godefroid-niyombare-has-declared-a-coup-in-burundi-and-the-establishment-of-a-national-salvation-commi.md) _Context: coup_
10. [ Former Vice President of Zimbabwe Joice Mujuru is expelled from the ruling party for allegedly planning a coup against President Robert Mugabe. ](/news/2015/04/3/former-vice-president-of-zimbabwe-joice-mujuru-is-expelled-from-the-ruling-party-for-allegedly-planning-a-coup-against-president-robert-mug.md) _Context: coup_
