### [2009-06-5](/news/2009/06/5/index.md)

#  The European Union's parliamentary election continues in the Czech Republic and Ireland. 




### Source:

1. [Europarl](http://www.europarl.europa.eu/elections2009/countries/default.htm;jsessionid=66ABC19790111794C40BF30609B89EC7.node1?language=EN)

### Related:

1. [ The European Union's parliamentary election continues in Cyprus, Italy, Latvia, Malta, Slovakia, the Czech Republic, and France's overseas departments and territories. ](/news/2009/06/6/the-european-union-s-parliamentary-election-continues-in-cyprus-italy-latvia-malta-slovakia-the-czech-republic-and-france-s-overseas.md) _Context: Czech Republic, European Parliament, European Union, elections_
2. [ Treaty of Lisbon:. Czech President Vaclav Klaus says he is "adamant" Irish voters will reject the European Union's Treaty of Lisbon when they vote on it again in the country's 2 October referendum, meaning his unwillingness to sign the treaty will be justified. ](/news/2009/09/24/treaty-of-lisbon-czech-president-va-clav-klaus-says-he-is-adamant-irish-voters-will-reject-the-european-union-s-treaty-of-lisbon-when-t.md) _Context: Czech Republic, European Union, Ireland_
3. [ European Union's parliamentary elections:. The centre-right European People's Party increases its plurality. ](/news/2009/06/8/european-union-s-parliamentary-elections-the-centre-right-european-people-s-party-increases-its-plurality.md) _Context: European Parliament, European Union, elections_
4. [ The European Union's parliamentary election concludes in Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Italy, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovenia, Spain, and Sweden. ](/news/2009/06/7/the-european-union-s-parliamentary-election-concludes-in-austria-belgium-bulgaria-denmark-estonia-finland-france-germany-greece-hu.md) _Context: European Parliament, European Union, elections_
5. [ The European Union's parliamentary election commences in the Netherlands and United Kingdom. ](/news/2009/06/4/the-european-union-s-parliamentary-election-commences-in-the-netherlands-and-united-kingdom.md) _Context: European Parliament, European Union, elections_
6. [ The European Commission of the European Union has announced that ten countries - Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia, and Slovenia - have met its criteria for entry, opening the way for an expansion of the EU from 15 member states to 25. The European Parliament has still to consider each candidate individually and the final decision will require the approval of the current member states.](/news/2002/10/9/the-european-commission-of-the-european-union-has-announced-that-ten-countries-cyprus-the-czech-republic-estonia-hungary-latvia-li.md) _Context: Czech Republic, European Parliament, European Union_
7. [Ukraine-European Union relations. Representatives of the European Parliament and European Council sign a document formally granting Ukrainians visa-free travel to the European Union. The visa-free regime is due to enter into force on June 11. ](/news/2017/05/17/ukraine-european-union-relations-representatives-of-the-european-parliament-and-european-council-sign-a-document-formally-granting-ukrain.md) _Context: European Parliament, European Union_
8. [Brexit. European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/brexit-european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expa.md) _Context: European Union, Ireland_
9. [United States-European Union relations. The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/united-states-european-union-relations-the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-go.md) _Context: European Parliament, European Union_
10. [Georgia-European Union relations. Georgia's visa-free regime, which allows travel to most member states of the European Union, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom, enters into force. ](/news/2017/03/28/georgia-european-union-relations-georgia-s-visa-free-regime-which-allows-travel-to-most-member-states-of-the-european-union-with-the-ex.md) _Context: European Union, Ireland_
