### [2009-06-5](/news/2009/06/5/index.md)

#  Two thousand new private color photographs of Adolf Hitler are published. 

Collection of colour photographs reveal the private life of Adolf Hitler.


### Source:

1. [Daily News](http://www.nydailynews.com/news/us_world/2009/06/04/2009-06-04_neverbefore_seen_photos_of_adolf_hitler_taken_by_personal_photographer_revealed.html)
2. [Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/picturegalleries/worldnews/5452458/Unseen-photographs-reveal-the-private-life-of-Adolf-Hitler.html)
2. [Cover Image](http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/01417/Hitler-Nuremburg-c_1417780i.jpg)

### Related:

1. [President Rodrigo Duterte likens himself to Adolf Hitler saying he would "be happy" to kill 3 million drug users and dealers in the country. United Nations adviser Adama Dieng cautions Duterte that his use of language could lead to "crimes against humanity". ](/news/2016/09/30/president-rodrigo-duterte-likens-himself-to-adolf-hitler-saying-he-would-be-happy-to-kill-3-million-drug-users-and-dealers-in-the-country.md) _Context: Adolf Hitler_
2. [Former Mayor of London Ken Livingstone is suspended by the Labour Party for claiming that Adolf Hitler was a Zionist. ](/news/2016/04/28/former-mayor-of-london-ken-livingstone-is-suspended-by-the-labour-party-for-claiming-that-adolf-hitler-was-a-zionist.md) _Context: Adolf Hitler_
3. [The Institute of Contemporary History in Munich announces a publication of a two-volume set of Adolf Hitler's "Mein Kampf". The new edition, which contains 3,500 scholarly annotations, is intended, "The New York Times" reports, "To set the work in historical context, to show how Hitler wove truth with half-truth and outright lie, and thus to defang any propagandistic effect while revealing Nazism." This is the first printing in Germany since the end of World War II. ](/news/2015/12/2/the-institute-of-contemporary-history-in-munich-announces-a-publication-of-a-two-volume-set-of-adolf-hitleras-mein-kampf-the-new-editio.md) _Context: Adolf Hitler_
4. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu retracts controversial comments he made about Nazi policies during World War 2, saying he never meant to claim that an Islamic leader Amin al-Husseini persuaded Adolf Hitler to adopt a policy to kill European Jews. ](/news/2015/10/31/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-retracts-controversial-comments-he-made-about-nazi-policies-during-world-war-2-saying-he-never-me.md) _Context: Adolf Hitler_
5. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, in tonight's speech to the World Zionist Congress on "the 10 big lies" told by Palestinians and their backers, said Haj Amin al-Husseini, the Grand Mufti of Jerusalem from 1922-1937, convinced Adolf Hitler and the Nazis to change their original plan of expelling Jews to the so-called Final Solution, i.e., the extermination of Jews. "The Washington Post" states this reinforces Netanyahu's position that Palestinian violence is caused by their old and intractable hatred of Jews, not Israel's 1948 creation. ](/news/2015/10/20/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-in-tonight-s-speech-to-the-world-zionist-congress-on-the-10-big-lies-told-by-palestinians-and-t.md) _Context: Adolf Hitler_
6. [Lutz Bachmann resigns as a leader of PEGIDA, a German anti-Islamist organisation, after controversy was sparked by a headshot photo of himself posing as Adolf Hitler. ](/news/2015/01/21/lutz-bachmann-resigns-as-a-leader-of-pegida-a-german-anti-islamist-organisation-after-controversy-was-sparked-by-a-headshot-photo-of-himse.md) _Context: Adolf Hitler_
7. [Rochus Misch, the last witness to Adolf Hitler's suicide in the "Fuhrerbunker" dies at the age of 96. ](/news/2013/09/5/rochus-misch-the-last-witness-to-adolf-hitleras-suicide-in-the-fa1-4hrerbunker-dies-at-the-age-of-96.md) _Context: Adolf Hitler_
8. [The Swedish Enforcement Administration ("Kronofogden") announces the public auction of seven paintings originally believed to be painted by German leader Adolf Hitler.[http://www.dn.se/nyheter/sverige/kronofogden-saljer-hitlertavlor (TT via "Dagens Nyheter")] (Swedish)](/news/2011/11/7/the-swedish-enforcement-administration-kronofogden-announces-the-public-auction-of-seven-paintings-originally-believed-to-be-painted-by.md) _Context: Adolf Hitler_
9. [In a warning to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to step down, Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan calls al-Assad's ongoing crackdown on protests cowardice, comparing al-Assad to past dictators such as Adolf Hitler and Muammar Gaddafi. ](/news/2011/11/23/in-a-warning-to-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-to-step-down-turkish-prime-minister-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-calls-al-assad-s-ongoing-crackdo.md) _Context: Adolf Hitler_
10. [Documents discovered in a Russian archive suggest that Adolf Hitler ordered Rudolf Hess to go to the United Kingdom to negotiate with Winston Churchill over a World War II peace deal in 1941. ](/news/2011/05/30/documents-discovered-in-a-russian-archive-suggest-that-adolf-hitler-ordered-rudolf-hess-to-go-to-the-united-kingdom-to-negotiate-with-winsto.md) _Context: Adolf Hitler_
