### [2002-06-30](/news/2002/06/30/index.md)

#  The Final of the 2002 FIFA World Cup took place in Yokohama, Japan. Brazil defeated Germany and claimed the title for a record fifth time.




### Related:

1. [Brazil football club Corinthians wins the 2012 FIFA Club World Cup, after a 1-0 win over Chelsea in the final. Paolo Guerrero scored the only goal of the game in Yokohama, Japan. Brazilian player Cassio Ramos is named as MVP of the tournament. ](/news/2012/12/16/brazil-football-club-corinthians-wins-the-2012-fifa-club-world-cup-after-a-1a0-win-over-chelsea-in-the-final-paolo-guerrero-scored-the-o.md) _Context: Brazil, Japan, Yokohama_
2. [ Live Earth gets underway with concerts in Australia, the United States, Germany, South Africa, the United Kingdom, Brazil, Japan and China. ](/news/2007/07/7/live-earth-gets-underway-with-concerts-in-australia-the-united-states-germany-south-africa-the-united-kingdom-brazil-japan-and-china.md) _Context: Brazil, Germany, Japan_
3. [ The G4 group of nations, which includes Brazil, India, Germany and Japan, says that it would revive efforts for United Nations Security Council reform. ](/news/2007/04/20/the-g4-group-of-nations-which-includes-brazil-india-germany-and-japan-says-that-it-would-revive-efforts-for-united-nations-security-cou.md) _Context: Brazil, Germany, Japan_
4. [Authorities arrest a Japanese man for killing as many as 48 elderly patients at the Oguchi Hospital in Yokohama. ](/news/2016/10/2/authorities-arrest-a-japanese-man-for-killing-as-many-as-48-elderly-patients-at-the-oguchi-hospital-in-yokohama.md) _Context: Japan, Yokohama_
5. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Germany, Japan_
6. [The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change releases a new report outlining the impact of climate change on the world at the end of a week of meetings in Yokohama, Japan. ](/news/2014/03/31/the-intergovernmental-panel-on-climate-change-releases-a-new-report-outlining-the-impact-of-climate-change-on-the-world-at-the-end-of-a-week.md) _Context: Japan, Yokohama_
7. [About 700 anti-nuclear activists hold a die-in on the border of France and Germany to mark the 25th anniversary of the Chernobyl disaster and after the Fukushima I nuclear accidents in Japan. ](/news/2011/04/25/about-700-anti-nuclear-activists-hold-a-die-in-on-the-border-of-france-and-germany-to-mark-the-25th-anniversary-of-the-chernobyl-disaster-an.md) _Context: Germany, Japan_
8. [Angela Merkel, the Chancellor of Germany, announces that Germany will shut down all of its pre-1980 nuclear reactors following the problems in Japan. ](/news/2011/03/15/angela-merkel-the-chancellor-of-germany-announces-that-germany-will-shut-down-all-of-its-pre-1980-nuclear-reactors-following-the-problems.md) _Context: Germany, Japan_
9. [Shanghai International Film Festival:From Oscar-winning blockbusters to low-budget art-house and documentary films, the 13th Shanghai International Film Festival screens films for everyone. It will feature a retrospective of films by Woody Allen and John Woo, classic movies from Japan, Canada, Germany, Italy and Ireland, as well as new Chinese cinema. ](/news/2010/06/11/shanghai-international-film-festival-pfrom-oscar-winning-blockbusters-to-low-budget-art-house-and-documentary-films-the-13th-shanghai-inter.md) _Context: Germany, Japan_
10. [Contributions from Belgium, Canada, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Japan, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden and Switzerland allow the World Bank to cancel $36 million in Haiti's remaining debt following January's devastating earthquake. ](/news/2010/05/28/contributions-from-belgium-canada-finland-france-germany-ireland-italy-japan-the-netherlands-norway-spain-sweden-and-switzerland.md) _Context: Germany, Japan_
