### [2004-04-5](/news/2004/04/5/index.md)

#  Emir Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa al-Thani, of Qatar, calls upon Arab states to consider United States proposals for democratic reform. He states that Arabs should no longer use the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and security fears to justify delaying such reform. 




### Source:

1. [HaAretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/412870.html)

### Related:

1. [President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai meets with Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani, the Emir of Qatar, to discuss plans for the Taliban to open an office in Doha in order to help solve the conflict in Afghanistan. ](/news/2013/03/31/president-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-meets-with-sheikh-hamad-bin-khalifa-al-thani-the-emir-of-qatar-to-discuss-plans-for-the-taliban-to-o.md) _Context: Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani, Qatar, Sheikh_
2. [Qatari author Mohammed al-Ajami is given a life sentence for a poem insulting emir Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani. ](/news/2012/11/30/qatari-author-mohammed-al-ajami-is-given-a-life-sentence-for-a-poem-insulting-emir-hamad-bin-khalifa-al-thani.md) _Context: Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani, Qatar, traditional rulers_
3. [ The 2006 Asian Games are officially opened by Qatari emir Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani at the 50,000 seater Khalifa Sports Stadium in Doha, Qatar. ](/news/2006/12/1/the-2006-asian-games-are-officially-opened-by-qatari-emir-sheikh-hamad-bin-khalifa-al-thani-at-the-50-000-seater-khalifa-sports-stadium-in.md) _Context: Qatar, Sheikh, traditional rulers_
4. [2011 Libyan civil war:Prime Minister Sheikh Hamad bin Jassim bin Jaber Al Thani says Qatar will join the anti-Gaddafi forces, making it the first Arab country to commit military forces. ](/news/2011/03/20/2011-libyan-civil-war-prime-minister-sheikh-hamad-bin-jassim-bin-jaber-al-thani-says-qatar-will-join-the-anti-gaddafi-forces-making-it-the.md) _Context: Qatar, Sheikh_
5. [Emir of Qatar Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani appoints Mohammed Saleh al-Sada as Energy Minister, succeeding Abdullah Al-Attiyah in a cabinet reshuffle. ](/news/2011/01/18/emir-of-qatar-sheikh-hamad-bin-khalifa-al-thani-appoints-mohammed-saleh-al-sada-as-energy-minister-succeeding-abdullah-al-attiyah-in-a-cabi.md) _Context: Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani, Qatar_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The United States vetoes a United Nations Security Council resolution (sponsored by Algeria and Libya) condemning the killing by Israel of Sheikh Ahmed Yassin along with six other Palestinians outside a mosque in Gaza City and calling for a complete cessation of executions. The veto is publicly motivated by the resolution making no mention of suicide bombings committed by Hamas and attributed to Yassin. 11 votes are recorded in favour, with three (United Kingdom, Germany, and Romania) abstaining and one (the United States) against. ](/news/2004/03/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-united-states-vetoes-a-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-algeria-and-libya-condem.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Sheikh_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Arab and Non-Aligned nations call on the United Nations Security Council to stop Israel carrying out its threat to expel the head of the Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat, from the West Bank. Elsewhere the European Union and Russia describe the Israeli proposal as a 'terrible mistake'. UN General Secretary Kofi Annan calls the Israel's proposed action "dangerous" and "unwise". The Irish Taoiseach, Bertie Ahern, who takes over as President of the European Council in January, tells journalists after a summit meeting with French President Jacques Chirac in Paris that he is "shocked" by the Israeli plan and said his government is "totally opposed" to the Israeli plan. The United States Ambassador to Israel meets the Israeli Defence Minister to outline American hostility to the plan.](/news/2003/09/12/israeli-palestinian-conflict-arab-and-non-aligned-nations-call-on-the-united-nations-security-council-to-stop-israel-carrying-out-its-thre.md) _Context: Arab, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
8. [ Deaths of three journalists in Baghdad: Two American air to surface missiles hit the Qatar satellite station Al Jazeera's office in Baghdad and kill a reporter and wound a cameraman. U.S. Officials said that the offices were not targeted, but were right next to the Iraqi Ministry of Information building which was a target. The nearby office of Arab satellite channel Abu Dhabi is also hit by air strikes. Al Jazeera accuses the U.S. of attacking Arab media to hide facts. On the same day a U.S. tank fires into the 15th floor of the Palestine Hotel in Baghdad, where almost all remaining foreign journalists are based, and kills two cameramen and wounds three. In the Abu Dhabi case the station airs the picture of Iraqi fire from beneath of the camera. In the hotel case, however, other journalists on the scene deny any fire from or around the hotel.,](/news/2003/04/8/deaths-of-three-journalists-in-baghdad-two-american-air-to-surface-missiles-hit-the-qatar-satellite-station-al-jazeera-s-office-in-baghdad.md) _Context: Arab, Qatar_
9. [Saudi Arabia suspends any dialogue with Qatar, accusing it of "distorting facts" in its reporting of yesterday's phone call between the leaders of both countries which suggested a breakthrough in the Gulf dispute was possible. ](/news/2017/09/9/saudi-arabia-suspends-any-dialogue-with-qatar-accusing-it-of-adistorting-factsa-in-its-reporting-of-yesterday-s-phone-call-between-the.md) _Context: Qatar_
10. [Qatar announces it will donate USD$ 30 million to help people in Texas recover from Harvey. ](/news/2017/09/7/qatar-announces-it-will-donate-usd-30-million-to-help-people-in-texas-recover-from-harvey.md) _Context: Qatar_
