### [2014-02-18](/news/2014/02/18/index.md)

# French police arrest a man in relation to a killing of a British family in the French Alps. 

French police investigating the killing of a British family in the Alps in 2012 arrest a man three months after an identikit image of a motorcyclist seen near the scene is published.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-26240055)

### Related:

1. [More than a hundred tourists in the French Alps spend an evening suspended in midair inside cable cars that ceased to move. ](/news/2016/09/9/more-than-a-hundred-tourists-in-the-french-alps-spend-an-evening-suspended-in-midair-inside-cable-cars-that-ceased-to-move.md) _Context: French Alps_
2. [Two men armed with knives take a priest, two nuns and two parishioners hostage in a church near Rouen in the French region of Normandy. French police kill the hostage-takers after the 86-year-old priest, Jacques Hamel, was killed by slitting his throat. ](/news/2016/07/26/two-men-armed-with-knives-take-a-priest-two-nuns-and-two-parishioners-hostage-in-a-church-near-rouen-in-the-french-region-of-normandy-fren.md) _Context: French police_
3. [A senior French police commander is killed by a  knife-wielding  25-year-old man outside his home in Magnanville near Paris, France. The attacker, who retreated inside the house, is also killed when elite police commandos storm the residence after negotiations failed.  The commander's partner, a female administrative police official, is found dead inside the home, while a young boy is rescued physically unharmed. The Islamic State, via its Amaq News Agency, claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/06/13/a-senior-french-police-commander-is-killed-by-a-knife-wielding-25-year-old-man-outside-his-home-in-magnanville-near-paris-france-the-att.md) _Context: French police_
4. [French police shoot dead a knife-wielding man, who was shouting "Allahu Akbar", outside a police station in Goutte d'Or, located in the 18th arrondissement of Paris. A piece of paper with an Islamic State flag and claim for the attack written in Arabic was found on his body. The incident is noted for taking place on the anniversary of last year's ''Charlie Hebdo'' shooting. ](/news/2016/01/7/french-police-shoot-dead-a-knife-wielding-man-who-was-shouting-allahu-akbar-outside-a-police-station-in-goutte-d-or-located-in-the-18th.md) _Context: French police_
5. [An avalanche kills three and injures one at the Les Deux Alpes ski resort in Isere departement of the French Alps. Officials are searching for other possible victims. ](/news/2016/01/13/an-avalanche-kills-three-and-injures-one-at-the-les-deux-alpes-ski-resort-in-isa-re-da-c-partement-of-the-french-alps-officials-are-searching.md) _Context: French Alps_
6. [About 20,000 pairs of empty shoes lay around Paris, symbolizing  the absent marchers who would have joined this weekend's worldwide climate change protests pressing for a bold international agreement at the upcoming climate summit there. The capital city was planned to be the center for demonstrations but French police banned large protests following the terrorist attacks this month. ](/news/2015/11/29/about-20-000-pairs-of-empty-shoes-lay-around-paris-symbolizing-the-absent-marchers-who-would-have-joined-this-weekend-s-worldwide-climate.md) _Context: French police_
7. [At least one person is killed after a group of armed men took people hostage in the northern French town of Roubaix near the Belgian border. The hostages are thought to be a bank director and his family. French police say the incident may be related to a robbery and not to the November 2015 attacks in Paris. ](/news/2015/11/24/at-least-one-person-is-killed-after-a-group-of-armed-men-took-people-hostage-in-the-northern-french-town-of-roubaix-near-the-belgian-border.md) _Context: French police_
8. [A raid by French police in the Paris suburb of Saint-Denis kills at least two terror suspects, including a female suicide bomber, with eight others arrested. ](/news/2015/11/18/a-raid-by-french-police-in-the-paris-suburb-of-saint-denis-kills-at-least-two-terror-suspects-including-a-female-suicide-bomber-with-eight.md) _Context: French police_
9. [French police report multiple blasts and gunfire in Paris with at least 26 dead in a restaurant in the 10th arrondissement and an explosion near the Stade de France. ](/news/2015/11/13/french-police-report-multiple-blasts-and-gunfire-in-paris-with-at-least-26-dead-in-a-restaurant-in-the-10th-arrondissement-and-an-explosion.md) _Context: French police_
10. [Seven mountain climbers die in an avalanche in the French Alps near the town of Pelvoux. ](/news/2015/09/15/seven-mountain-climbers-die-in-an-avalanche-in-the-french-alps-near-the-town-of-pelvoux.md) _Context: French Alps_
