### [2014-06-22](/news/2014/06/22/index.md)

# 2014 Northern Iraq offensive. Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant capture the al-Walid (al-Tanf) border crossing with Syria and the Turaibil (Karameh) border crossing with Jordan. 

Fighters led by ISIL capture more territory as Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki comes under growing pressure.


### Source:

1. [AlJazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/middleeast/2014/06/sunni-rebels-seize-more-towns-iraq-2014622542922219.html)

### Related:

1. [2014 Northern Iraq offensive. The Prime Minister of Iraq Nouri al-Maliki confirms that the Syrian Air Force bombed Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant positions in Iraq earlier in the week. ](/news/2014/06/26/2014-northern-iraq-offensive-the-prime-minister-of-iraq-nouri-al-maliki-confirms-that-the-syrian-air-force-bombed-islamic-state-in-iraq-and.md) _Context: 2014 Northern Iraq offensive, ISIL_
2. [2014 Northern Iraq offensive. The Prime Minister of Iraq Nouri al-Maliki calls for national unity as a Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant reaches Yathrib 87 kilometres (54 miles) north of Baghdad. ](/news/2014/06/25/2014-northern-iraq-offensive-the-prime-minister-of-iraq-nouri-al-maliki-calls-for-national-unity-as-a-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant.md) _Context: 2014 Northern Iraq offensive, ISIL_
3. [Syrian Civil War. Central Syria campaign (July 2017-present). A Syrian Army commando unit backed by Russian warplanes and helicopters kills 25 ISIL militants in Central Syria, in the northeast of the Homs Governorate. ](/news/2017/08/13/syrian-civil-war-central-syria-campaign-july-2017-present-a-syrian-army-commando-unit-backed-by-russian-warplanes-and-helicopters-kill.md) _Context: ISIL_
4. [2017 Brighton siege. In Brighton, a suburb of Melbourne, Australia, a gunman kills one man and holds one woman hostage before he is shot dead by Victoria Police. The incident is being treated as an act of terrorism. Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant has claimed responsibility for the attack but Victoria Police claim that there is little evidence to suggest a connection. ](/news/2017/06/5/2017-brighton-siege-in-brighton-a-suburb-of-melbourne-australia-a-gunman-kills-one-man-and-holds-one-woman-hostage-before-he-is-shot-dea.md) _Context: ISIL_
5. [2017 Istanbul nightclub shooting. Abdulkadir Masharipov is charged with murder in relation to the shootings in Istanbul that killed 39 people and is remanded in custody. Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant has claimed responsibility for the shootings. ](/news/2017/02/11/2017-istanbul-nightclub-shooting-abdulkadir-masharipov-is-charged-with-murder-in-relation-to-the-shootings-in-istanbul-that-killed-39-peopl.md) _Context: ISIL_
6. [Iraqi Civil War. Two suicide bombings, one using a car bomb and another with an explosive belt, take place in vegetable markets in eastern Baghdad, killing at least 20 people and injuring more than 50. The Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/01/8/iraqi-civil-war-two-suicide-bombings-one-using-a-car-bomb-and-another-with-an-explosive-belt-take-place-in-vegetable-markets-in-eastern-b.md) _Context: ISIL_
7. [2017 Istanbul nightclub attack. The Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack in what it claims is a response to Turkey's actions in neighbouring Syria. ](/news/2017/01/2/2017-istanbul-nightclub-attack-the-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility-for-the-attack-in-what-it-claims-is-a-respons.md) _Context: ISIL_
8. [Sectarianism in Pakistan. 2016 Khuzdar bombing. At least 52 people, including women and children, have been killed and more than 100 injured by a bomb explosion in the crowded Shah Noorani Shrine in Hub town, Lasbela District, Balochistan, Pakistan. ISIL has claimed responsibility. ](/news/2016/11/12/sectarianism-in-pakistan-2016-khuzdar-bombing-at-least-52-people-including-women-and-children-have-been-killed-and-more-than-100-injured.md) _Context: ISIL_
9. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present). The death toll of a suicide bombing in the southern Yemeni city of Aden rises to at least 71. Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/08/29/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-the-death-toll-of-a-suicide-bombing-in-the-southern-yemeni-city-of-aden-rises-to-at-least-71-islamic-sta.md) _Context: ISIL_
10. [Gaziantep bombing. The death toll from the Turkish wedding bombing rises to 50 with up to 94 people injured. Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant is suspected of conducting the attack. ](/news/2016/08/21/gaziantep-bombing-the-death-toll-from-the-turkish-wedding-bombing-rises-to-50-with-up-to-94-people-injured-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-l.md) _Context: ISIL_
