### [2014-06-22](/news/2014/06/22/index.md)

# Three men who escaped from a jail near Quebec City via helicopter on 7 June are recaptured by the RCMP in Montreal. 

Three inmates who escaped a jail near Quebec City by helicopter have been arrested at an upscale condominium in Old Montreal, Quebec provincial police say.


### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/quebec-police-capture-3-inmates-escaped-in-helicopter-jailbreak-1.2683695)

### Related:

1. [ A general strike in Quebec interrupts road and port traffic as well as non-essential surgeries and day-care service in Montreal, Quebec City, and Trois-Rivires. The strike was called in opposition to the Charest government's policies. [http://www.cbc.ca/stories/2003/12/11/quebec_031211]](/news/2003/12/11/a-general-strike-in-quebec-interrupts-road-and-port-traffic-as-well-as-non-essential-surgeries-and-day-care-service-in-montreal-quebec-cit.md) _Context: Quebec City, city of Montreal_
2. [French-Canadian student Alexandre Bissonnette is charged with six counts of murder and five counts of attempted murder in relation to an attack on a mosque in Quebec City. ](/news/2017/01/30/french-canadian-student-alexandre-bissonnette-is-charged-with-six-counts-of-murder-and-five-counts-of-attempted-murder-in-relation-to-an-att.md) _Context: Quebec City_
3. [ A gunman opens fire at a mosque in Quebec City, Canada, during evening prayers. At least five people were killed. Two suspects were apprehended; one was later released. ](/news/2017/01/29/a-gunman-opens-fire-at-a-mosque-in-quebec-city-canada-during-evening-prayers-at-least-five-people-were-killed-two-suspects-were-apprehe.md) _Context: Quebec City_
4. [Royal Canadian Mounted Police kill 24-year-old Aaron Driver in Strathroy, Ontario. Driver was accused of supporting the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, and was believed to have been plotting an "imminent" attack against Canadians. ](/news/2016/08/10/royal-canadian-mounted-police-kill-24-year-old-aaron-driver-in-strathroy-ontario-driver-was-accused-of-supporting-the-islamic-state-of-ira.md) _Context: Royal Canadian Mounted Police_
5. [In ice hockey, the NHL awards Las Vegas an expansion team to begin play in the 2017-18 season. The Board of Governors defers Quebec City's bid with the league, citing factors such as conference imbalance, difficulty of bringing two teams at the same time, and the weakening Canadian dollar. ](/news/2016/06/22/in-ice-hockey-the-nhl-awards-las-vegas-an-expansion-team-to-begin-play-in-the-2017a18-season-the-board-of-governors-defers-quebec-city-s.md) _Context: Quebec City_
6. [A Turkish Airlines plane flying from New York City (U.S.) to Istanbul, Turkey, is diverted to Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada,  after authorities received information of a bomb threat. All 256 passengers and crew are safe. The  flight (Turkish Airlines TYH2/TK2) left JFK International Airport at 9 p.m. Saturday and landed just before 1 a.m. Sunday at Halifax Stanfield International Airport. The Royal Canadian Mounted Police is investigating. ](/news/2015/11/22/a-turkish-airlines-plane-flying-from-new-york-city-u-s-to-istanbul-turkey-is-diverted-to-halifax-nova-scotia-canada-after-authoriti.md) _Context: Royal Canadian Mounted Police_
7. [The city of Montreal in Canada begins dumping 2 billion gallons of raw sewage into the Saint Lawrence River, an action the mayor, Denis Coderre, says is necessary to make repairs and improvements to the city's wastewater system. The move has caused outrage among residents and environmentalists, while the hashtag "''#flushgate''" is being used on social media sites to voice opposition to the dumping effort. ](/news/2015/11/12/the-city-of-montreal-in-canada-begins-dumping-2-billion-gallons-of-raw-sewage-into-the-saint-lawrence-river-an-action-the-mayor-denis-code.md) _Context: city of Montreal_
8. [At least five people are dead, one missing, and 21 rescued, from a tour boat carrying 27 people that sinks west of Vargas Island, off the coast of Tofino on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada. The RCMP is responsible for the missing person now that the search has been called off. ](/news/2015/10/25/at-least-five-people-are-dead-one-missing-and-21-rescued-from-a-tour-boat-carrying-27-people-that-sinks-west-of-vargas-island-off-the-co.md) _Context: Royal Canadian Mounted Police_
9. [In motor sport, the Formula One Canadian Grand Prix is held at Circuit Gilles Villeneuve in Montreal with Lewis Hamilton of Mercedes-Benz winning the race ahead of teammate Nico Rosberg. ](/news/2015/06/7/in-motor-sport-the-formula-one-canadian-grand-prix-is-held-at-circuit-gilles-villeneuve-in-montreal-with-lewis-hamilton-of-mercedes-benz-wi.md) _Context: city of Montreal_
10. [Canadian Police foil a planned Valentines Day massacre in Halifax, Nova Scotia. ](/news/2015/02/14/canadian-police-foil-a-planned-valentines-day-massacre-in-halifax-nova-scotia.md) _Context: Royal Canadian Mounted Police_
