### [2010-09-7](/news/2010/09/7/index.md)

# Some 3,500 people are evacuated in Boulder County, Colorado due to wildfires concerns. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5hsaJqY8fXaOjAtYz8a68BYJBqW1A)

### Related:

1. [At least four people are dead, 80 unaccounted for and thousands have been evacuated following heavy floods in Boulder County in the US state of Colorado. ](/news/2013/09/13/at-least-four-people-are-dead-80-unaccounted-for-and-thousands-have-been-evacuated-following-heavy-floods-in-boulder-county-in-the-us-state.md) _Context: Boulder County, Colorado_
2. [ California wildfires of October 2007:. At least a dozen wildfires burning throughout Southern California force the evacuations of more than 250,000 residents. ](/news/2007/10/22/california-wildfires-of-october-2007-at-least-a-dozen-wildfires-burning-throughout-southern-california-force-the-evacuations-of-more-than.md) _Context: evacuation centers, wildfires_
3. [Five people are killed in the American state of Colorado after an Amtrak train collides with a minivan carrying six people near the town of Trinidad, Colorado. ](/news/2016/06/26/five-people-are-killed-in-the-american-state-of-colorado-after-an-amtrak-train-collides-with-a-minivan-carrying-six-people-near-the-town-of.md) _Context: Colorado_
4. [United States presidential election, 2016. The Colorado Republican Party continues choosing its delegates to the 2016 Republican National Convention in Cleveland. Ted Cruz has swept all of the delegates available so far. The process which began last Saturday (April 2, 2016) will conclude tomorrow. ](/news/2016/04/8/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-colorado-republican-party-continues-choosing-its-delegates-to-the-2016-republican-national-co.md) _Context: Colorado_
5. [The states of Oklahoma and Nebraska, having recently suffered a loss in their frontal attack on Colorado's state-legal cannabis policy, launch another litigation strategy to the same end. ](/news/2016/04/29/the-states-of-oklahoma-and-nebraska-having-recently-suffered-a-loss-in-their-frontal-attack-on-colorado-s-state-legal-cannabis-policy-laun.md) _Context: Colorado_
6. [2015-16 North American winter. Late March 2016 North American blizzard. A powerful blizzard sweeping Denver, Colorado, forces authorities to close Denver International Airport, Interstate 70, Interstate 25 and leaves more than 100,000 people without power. The Colorado Army National Guard has been deployed to help rescue those stranded by the storm. ](/news/2016/03/23/2015-16-north-american-winter-late-march-2016-north-american-blizzard-a-powerful-blizzard-sweeping-denver-colorado-forces-authorities.md) _Context: Colorado_
7. [United States presidential election, 2016. Voters in the U.S. states of Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Colorado, Georgia, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas, Vermont, Virginia, and the overseas territory of American Samoa go to the polls to vote on Super Tuesday. ](/news/2016/03/1/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-alabama-alaska-arkansas-colorado-georgia-massachusetts-minneso.md) _Context: Colorado_
8. [2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season. Cyclone Winston. Fiji's known casualties are 42 dead, one missing, and more than 100 injured. Authorities say five percent of the country (45,245 people) is staying in evacuation centers and about 80 schools have been damaged. UNICEF reports at least 120,000 of Fiji's children have been affected. The current identified destruction is more than $1 billion. About 80 percent of the plantations were damaged, especially sugar fields. However, tourism's infrastructure has escaped serious damage. ](/news/2016/02/25/2015-16-south-pacific-cyclone-season-cyclone-winston-fiji-s-known-casualties-are-42-dead-one-missing-and-more-than-100-injured-author.md) _Context: evacuation centers_
9. [February 2016 North American storm complex. A snow storm in the United States is affecting multiple regions in Colorado, California and elsewhere, with more than 70,000 people in southern California losing power. ](/news/2016/02/1/february-2016-north-american-storm-complex-a-snow-storm-in-the-united-states-is-affecting-multiple-regions-in-colorado-california-and-else.md) _Context: Colorado_
10. [U.S. federal health officials are investigating an outbreak of deadly E. coli bacteria that has sickened 19 people in California, Colorado, Missouri, Montana, Utah, Virginia, and Washington. Preliminary evidence suggests that rotisserie chicken salad made and sold in Costco Wholesale stores is the likely source. This follows a totally unrelated outbreak earlier this month connected to Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants. Those restaurants have been cleaned, new ingredients ordered, and have been reopened. The Costco E. coli 157 strain, which has caused five people to be hospitalized- two of which developed hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS; which can readily lead to acute renal failure and sepsis), is more dangerous than the Chipotle E. coli 026 strain, though there have been no deaths yet. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-federal-health-officials-are-investigating-an-outbreak-of-deadly-e-coli-bacteria-that-has-sickened-19-people-in-california-colorado.md) _Context: Colorado_
