### [2010-09-7](/news/2010/09/7/index.md)

# Trade unions in India declare a bandh or general strike to protest a hike in fuel prices. India is crippled. 




### Source:

1. [NDTV](http://www.ndtv.com/article/india/all-india-bandh-call-by-trade-unions-bengal-kerala-worst-hit-50088)
2. [samaylive](http://english.samaylive.com/nation/676473013.html)

### Related:

1. [India imposes a curfew in some parts of Kashmir following a general strike being called by separatists to protest the death of two protesters. ](/news/2016/02/15/india-imposes-a-curfew-in-some-parts-of-kashmir-following-a-general-strike-being-called-by-separatists-to-protest-the-death-of-two-protester.md) _Context: India, general strike_
2. [Trade unions in Greece call a general strike in protest against continuing austerity measures. ](/news/2012/09/26/trade-unions-in-greece-call-a-general-strike-in-protest-against-continuing-austerity-measures.md) _Context: general strike, unionize_
3. [Trade unions in India hold a strike over plans to open up supermarkets to international competition. ](/news/2012/09/20/trade-unions-in-india-hold-a-strike-over-plans-to-open-up-supermarkets-to-international-competition.md) _Context: India, unionize_
4. [2010-2011 Greek protests:Greek trade unions go on a general strike with transport links including airline flights being cancelled. ](/news/2011/06/28/2010a2011-greek-protests-pgreek-trade-unions-go-on-a-general-strike-with-transport-links-including-airline-flights-being-cancelled.md) _Context: general strike, unionize_
5. [ 2007 Guinean general strike: Unions in Guinea resume a general strike to protest the President of Guinea Lansana Conte appointing Eugene Camara as Prime Minister of Guinea. At least 17 people have died in protests over the weekend. The protest started on the morning of the 12th with a march from the centre of Conakry to the palace. Widespread problems with armed bandits taking advantage of the insecurity have also been reported. Lansana Conte has now declared a state of emergency. ](/news/2007/02/12/2007-guinean-general-strike-unions-in-guinea-resume-a-general-strike-to-protest-the-president-of-guinea-lansana-conta-c-appointing-euga-ne.md) _Context: general strike, unionize_
6. [ A general strike starts in Guinea, with trade unions calling for pay rises, the return to jail of Mamadou Sylla and the resignation of President Lansana Conte. ](/news/2007/01/10/a-general-strike-starts-in-guinea-with-trade-unions-calling-for-pay-rises-the-return-to-jail-of-mamadou-sylla-and-the-resignation-of-pres.md) _Context: general strike, unionize_
7. [Two million to three million trade union members rally in Rome in protest both of labor legislation filed by Prime Minister of Italy Silvio Berlusconi and of the assassination of Marco Biagi, an advisor to the Labor Minister, by the re-formed Red Brigades.  Labor leaders threaten a general strike if the legislation is passed.](/news/2002/03/23/two-million-to-three-million-trade-union-members-rally-in-rome-in-protest-both-of-labor-legislation-filed-by-prime-minister-of-italy-silvio.md) _Context: general strike, unionize_
8. [The Zimbabwe Congress of Trade Unions calls a three-day general strike protesting police interference with union meetings, harassment of trade unionists, and general lawlessness following the general elections, which has led to slow-downs in business.  In South Korea, 5,600 power plant workers are on the 25th day of their strike, protesting the neoliberal government plans to privatize the state-run electricity plants.  A vote among the remaining power plant workers to strike is cancelled due to company interference.](/news/2002/03/19/the-zimbabwe-congress-of-trade-unions-calls-a-three-day-general-strike-protesting-police-interference-with-union-meetings-harassment-of-tra.md) _Context: general strike, unionize_
9. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
10. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
