### [2017-04-26](/news/2017/04/26/index.md)

# The pro-government Popular Mobilization Forces militia takes control of the mostly destroyed ancient city of Hatra in Iraq's Nineveh Governorate, following clashes with ISIL, who seized the ruins in 2014. 

The scale of the damage done by IS militants to the site - featured in The Exorcist - is not clear.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-39726244)
1. [Cover Image](https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/cpsprodpb/50D1/production/_95798602_21a004ca-3a41-4645-929d-299a6ac27abc.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Satellite images released by the Associated Press reveal the historic Saint Elijah's Monastery near the Iraqi city of Mosul, the oldest Christian monastery in Iraq that predates Islam, has been completely razed by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. ](/news/2016/01/20/satellite-images-released-by-the-associated-press-reveal-the-historic-saint-elijah-s-monastery-near-the-iraqi-city-of-mosul-the-oldest-chri.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State, destroyed_
2. [At least 80 Shia pilgrims are killed in a truck bomb attack in Iraq. Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/11/24/at-least-80-shia-pilgrims-are-killed-in-a-truck-bomb-attack-in-iraq-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State_
3. [Attacks targeting a Shi'ite Muslim gathering, a police check-point, and the family of an anti-Islamic State Sunni paramilitary leader, kill at least 55 people in Iraq. ](/news/2016/10/15/attacks-targeting-a-shi-ite-muslim-gathering-a-police-check-point-and-the-family-of-an-anti-islamic-state-sunni-paramilitary-leader-kill.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State_
4. [Islamic State militants attack two gas facilities northwest of Kirkuk in northern Iraq, killing at least five people and wounding six policemen. Three assailants detonated their explosive vests and a fourth was killed in clash with security forces. ](/news/2016/07/31/islamic-state-militants-attack-two-gas-facilities-northwest-of-kirkuk-in-northern-iraq-killing-at-least-five-people-and-wounding-six-police.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State_
5. [Iraqi security forces free a large number of prisoners from an underground ISIL-operated jail in the city of Hit. Malallah al-Obeidi, a local official in the Al Anbar Governorate, put the number of freed prisoners at around 1,500, saying most of them were civilians. ](/news/2016/04/2/iraqi-security-forces-free-a-large-number-of-prisoners-from-an-underground-isil-operated-jail-in-the-city-of-ha-t-malallah-al-obeidi-a-loc.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State_
6. [A suicide bomber kills at least 60 people and wounds 70 others after ramming his explosives-laden truck into a security checkpoint at one of the entrances to the Iraqi city of Hillah, south of Baghdad. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/03/6/a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-60-people-and-wounds-70-others-after-ramming-his-explosives-laden-truck-into-a-security-checkpoint-at-one-of.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State_
7. [At least 30 people are killed in a suicide attack on a football stadium south of Baghdad, Iraq. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for attack. ](/news/2016/03/25/at-least-30-people-are-killed-in-a-suicide-attack-on-a-football-stadium-south-of-baghdad-iraq-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-cla.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State_
8. [The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant fire mortars containing an unidentified chemical agent killing one and injuring 600 in Taza Khurmatu, Iraq. ](/news/2016/03/12/the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-fire-mortars-containing-an-unidentified-chemical-agent-killing-one-and-injuring-600-in-taza-khurmat.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State_
9. [The United States Army's elite Delta Force captures their first suspected ISIL operative during a raid in northern Iraq. The detainee is being interrogated by the U.S. and is expected to be turned over to Iraqi officials in the coming days. ](/news/2016/03/1/the-united-states-army-s-elite-delta-force-captures-their-first-suspected-isil-operative-during-a-raid-in-northern-iraq-the-detainee-is-bei.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State_
10. [Two suicide bombers kill 70 people and injure more than 100 others at a crowded market in Sadr City, Iraq. ISIL claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/02/28/two-suicide-bombers-kill-70-people-and-injure-more-than-100-others-at-a-crowded-market-in-sadr-city-iraq-isil-claims-responsibility-for-th.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State_
