### [2017-04-26](/news/2017/04/26/index.md)

# The United States deploys parts of its Terminal High Altitude Area Defense in South Korea amidst high tension caused by North Korea's escalation of its missile and nuclear weapons programs. 

Thaad system being deployed despite protests from local residents and China, which says it threatens security balance


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-northkorea-china-idUSKBN17S1Y1)
2. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/apr/26/us-installs-missile-defence-in-south-korea-site-amid-tensions-with-north)

### Related:

1. [South Korea and the United States start annual military drills despite North Korea's threats of nuclear attacks. ](/news/2016/08/22/south-korea-and-the-united-states-start-annual-military-drills-despite-north-korea-s-threats-of-nuclear-attacks.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-South Korea relations, South Korea, United States_
2. [American and South Korean military officials agree to deploy a U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) missile defense system in the country to counter North Korea's growing threats and use of ballistic missile and nuclear tests. ](/news/2016/07/8/american-and-south-korean-military-officials-agree-to-deploy-a-u-s-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-thaad-missile-defense-system-in-th.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, THAAD, United States_
3. [The South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff and the United States Strategic Command report North Korea fires three ballistic missiles into the Sea of Japan. The short-range ballistic missiles flew about 500 to 600 kilometers (310 to 375 miles) before crashing in the sea, sufficient to target the southern part of South Korea where the U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system is set to be installed. ](/news/2016/07/19/the-south-korean-joint-chiefs-of-staff-and-the-united-states-strategic-command-report-north-korea-fires-three-ballistic-missiles-into-the-se.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-South Korea relations, South Korea, THAAD_
4. [South Korea announces plans to deploy a Terminal High Altitude Area Defense anti-ballistic missile system in Seongju County in the country's south in order to deter against a North Korean attack. ](/news/2016/07/13/south-korea-announces-plans-to-deploy-a-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-anti-ballistic-missile-system-in-seongju-county-in-the-country-s.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-South Korea relations, South Korea, THAAD_
5. [North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-eastern-waters-in-the-direction-of-japan-accordi.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, United States_
6. [A South Korean adviser says it is "impossible" for South Korea to purchase the THAAD missile complex since control of its operation would remain with the United States. The remarks come after United States president Donald Trump suggested that South Korea pay for the $1 billion system. ](/news/2017/04/27/a-south-korean-adviser-says-it-is-impossible-for-south-korea-to-purchase-the-thaad-missile-complex-since-control-of-its-operation-would-re.md) _Context: South Korea, THAAD, United States_
7. [The United States begins deploying the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) missile defense system in South Korea. ](/news/2017/03/7/the-united-states-begins-deploying-the-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-thaad-missile-defense-system-in-south-korea.md) _Context: South Korea, THAAD, United States_
8. [According to South Korean and United States officials, a missile test in North Korea ends in failure, with the missile exploding seconds after launch. ](/news/2017/03/22/according-to-south-korean-and-united-states-officials-a-missile-test-in-north-korea-ends-in-failure-with-the-missile-exploding-seconds-aft.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, United States_
9. [South Korea reports that North Korea has fired three ballistic missiles into the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2016/09/5/south-korea-reports-that-north-korea-has-fired-three-ballistic-missiles-into-the-sea-of-japan.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-South Korea relations, South Korea_
10. [In response to the annual military drills, North Korea threatens to destroy Seoul and Washington, D.C. through nuclear weapons if provoked. Both South Korea and the United States insist the drills are for defense. ](/news/2016/08/23/in-response-to-the-annual-military-drills-north-korea-threatens-to-destroy-seoul-and-washington-d-c-through-nuclear-weapons-if-provoked.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-South Korea relations, United States_
