### [2017-04-26](/news/2017/04/26/index.md)

# Venezuela says it will withdraw from the Organization of American States after the organization decided to call a meeting without Venezuela. 

Venezuela said on Wednesday it was quitting the Organisation of American States in anger at pressure from the bloc over the government&#39;s handling of the country&#39;s political crisis.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/04/venezuela-organization-american-states-170426225132076.html)
2. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/04/26/venezuela-quitting-oas-anger-pressure-political-crisis/)

### Related:

1. [Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez responds to criticism from Organization of American States Secretary General Jose Miguel Insulza by saying the OAS is interfering in the country's internal affairs and referring to Insulza as a "spokesman of the empire" during a radio address. ](/news/2011/01/10/venezuelan-president-hugo-cha-vez-responds-to-criticism-from-organization-of-american-states-secretary-general-josa-c-miguel-insulza-by-sayin.md) _Context: Organization of American States, Venezuela_
2. [ Around 150 Venezuelan students end a weeklong hunger strike protesting against alleged human rights abuses in Venezuela, after Organization of American States officials agree to meet the students and one of their leaders is released. ](/news/2009/10/1/around-150-venezuelan-students-end-a-weeklong-hunger-strike-protesting-against-alleged-human-rights-abuses-in-venezuela-after-organization.md) _Context: Organization of American States, Venezuela_
3. [ Colombia files a complaint about Venezuela with the Organization of American States, saying the country has been interfering in its domestic affairs. ](/news/2009/08/27/colombia-files-a-complaint-about-venezuela-with-the-organization-of-american-states-saying-the-country-has-been-interfering-in-its-domesti.md) _Context: Organization of American States, Venezuela_
4. [The U.S.  imposes new sanctions on eight Venezuelan officials, including Secretary of the 2017 Constituent Assembly Adan Chavez - the late President Hugo Chavez's brother,  to deter further democratic backsliding in the South American country. ](/news/2017/08/9/the-u-s-imposes-new-sanctions-on-eight-venezuelan-officials-including-secretary-of-the-2017-constituent-assembly-ada-n-cha-vez-the-late.md) _Context: Venezuela_
5. [Socorro Flores Liera, Mexico's deputy foreign minister for Latin America and the Caribbean, speaks during an interview with Reuters in Mexico City, that during the first half of 2017, 1,420 Venezuelans have sought asylum in Mexico, a nearly four-fold jump compared to the 361 total Venezuelan asylum applicants for all of 2016, as the result of Venezuela's deepening political and economic crisis. ](/news/2017/08/4/socorro-flores-liera-mexico-s-deputy-foreign-minister-for-latin-america-and-the-caribbean-speaks-during-an-interview-with-reuters-in-mexic.md) _Context: Venezuela_
6. [South American trade bloc Mercosur will trigger its democratic clause this weekend to suspend Venezuela indefinitely, furthering its past temporary suspension, and not allow the country back until internal political issues have been resolved. ](/news/2017/08/3/south-american-trade-bloc-mercosur-will-trigger-its-democratic-clause-this-weekend-to-suspend-venezuela-indefinitely-furthering-its-past-te.md) _Context: Venezuela_
7. [Venezuelan opposition leaders Leopoldo Lopez and Mayor of Caracas Antonio Ledezma are seized at their homes overnight by the Bolivarian Intelligence Service (SEBIN) and taken to Ramo Verde Prison. They had been arrested previously by the Venezuelan  government, but were under house arrest at the time of being seized. ](/news/2017/08/1/venezuelan-opposition-leaders-leopoldo-la3pez-and-mayor-of-caracas-antonio-ledezma-are-seized-at-their-homes-overnight-by-the-bolivarian-int.md) _Context: Venezuela_
8. [Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro says voting in his upcoming election on July 30 is mandatory for all 2.8 million state employees, with employees who do not vote facing ostracisation. Opponents of the government plan to hold their own unofficial referendum on the Maduro government on July 16. ](/news/2017/07/7/venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-says-voting-in-his-upcoming-election-on-july-30-is-mandatory-for-all-2-8-million-state-employees-with.md) _Context: Venezuela_
9. [Supporters of Venezuelan President Nicols Maduro storm the opposition-controlled National Assembly and injure several lawmakers, including the President of the National Assembly, Julio Borges. Several journalists were also injured in the assault. ](/news/2017/07/5/supporters-of-venezuelan-president-nicolas-maduro-storm-the-opposition-controlled-national-assembly-and-injure-several-lawmakers-including.md) _Context: Venezuela_
10. [Voters in Venezuela participate in an election for members of a new Constitutional Assembly, devised by President Nicolas Maduro to amend the constitution following a legislative takeover in March. Many Venezuelans question the election's legitimacy, resulting in boycotts and ongoing protests. ](/news/2017/07/30/voters-in-venezuela-participate-in-an-election-for-members-of-a-new-constitutional-assembly-devised-by-president-nicola-s-maduro-to-amend-t.md) _Context: Venezuela_
