### [2009-09-2](/news/2009/09/2/index.md)

#  A 3,700-year-old wall is discovered in east Jerusalem. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/8235041.stm)
2. [CTV](http://www.ctv.ca/servlet/ArticleNews/story/CTVNews/20090902/archaeologists_jerusalem_090902/20090902?hub=SciTech)
3. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/tech/science/discoveries/2009-09-02-isreal-archeology-fortification_N.htm)
4. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/2009-09/02/content_11985716.htm)

### Related:

1. [Archaeology of Israel: A 6th century mosaic dated from the rule of Justinian I is discovered while installing communication cables in Jerusalem's Old City. ](/news/2017/08/24/archaeology-of-israel-a-6th-century-mosaic-dated-from-the-rule-of-justinian-i-is-discovered-while-installing-communication-cables-in-jerusa.md) _Context: Jerusalem_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: The Israeli government says it will remove metal detectors and some cameras recently installed at the entrances to the Temple Mount in Jerusalem that resulted in a wave of protests and some deaths. Instead, less obtrusive surveillance means will be used. ](/news/2017/07/25/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-the-israeli-government-says-it-will-remove-metal-detectors-and-some-cameras-recent.md) _Context: Jerusalem_
3. [2017 Amman incident: A shooting at the Israeli embassy in Amman, Jordan, leaves one person, a Jordanian, dead, and an Israeli and a Jordanian wounded. There is speculation the attack may be linked to recent events at Jerusalem's Al-Aqsa Mosque. Another Jordanian man was killed inadvertently. ](/news/2017/07/23/2017-amman-incident-a-shooting-at-the-israeli-embassy-in-amman-jordan-leaves-one-person-a-jordanian-dead-and-an-israeli-and-a-jordania.md) _Context: Jerusalem_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: A United Nations Security Council session is to be held to address the escalating violence in Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/07/22/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-a-united-nations-security-council-session-is-to-be-held-to-address-the-escalating.md) _Context: Jerusalem_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.: Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey: Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.: 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.: United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.: Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.: Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.: Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-: ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Jerusalem_
6. [2017 Temple Mount shooting: Two Druze Israeli police officers are killed in an attack at Temple Mount in Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/07/14/2017-temple-mount-shooting-two-druze-israeli-police-officers-are-killed-in-an-attack-at-temple-mount-in-jerusalem.md) _Context: Jerusalem_
7. [June 2017 Jerusalem attack: In two simultaneous attacks near the Damascus Gate in Jerusalem, an Israeli policewoman is fatally stabbed; the three Palestinian assailants are shot dead. ISIL claims were questioned by Israeli authorities. As well, the PFLP and Hamas claim it was their members who did it. ](/news/2017/06/16/june-2017-jerusalem-attack-in-two-simultaneous-attacks-near-the-damascus-gate-in-jerusalem-an-israeli-policewoman-is-fatally-stabbed-the.md) _Context: Jerusalem_
8. [ 2017 Jerusalem Light Rail stabbing: A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/2017-jerusalem-light-rail-stabbing-a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-tw.md) _Context: Jerusalem_
9. [Israel-Palestine relations: The Palestinian National Authority threatens to revoke its recognition of Israel (guaranteed by their signing of the Oslo I Accord in 1993) if the United States, under the presidency of Donald Trump, moves its Embassy in Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/01/10/israel-palestine-relations-the-palestinian-national-authority-threatens-to-revoke-its-recognition-of-israel-guaranteed-by-their-signing.md) _Context: Jerusalem_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015-present): A Palestinian gunman opens fire from a vehicle on people waiting at a train station and then the nearby police headquarters in Jerusalem, killing at least two people, including a police officer, and injuring six others. Israeli police kill the gunman. ](/news/2016/10/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-present-a-palestinian-gunman-opens-fire-from-a-vehicle-on-people-waiting-at-a-train-station-and-the.md) _Context: Jerusalem_
