### [2009-09-2](/news/2009/09/2/index.md)

#  Two American journalists held by North Korea for illegal entry admit to crossing the border but claim North Korean guards arrested them on the Chinese side of the border and dragged them back into the country. 

Two U.S. journalists held by North Korea for illegal entry admitted they crossed into the reclusive state, but said North Korean guards arrested them on the Chinese side of the border and dragged them back into the country.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/topNews/idUSTRE5810J120090902)

### Related:

1. [The UN Security Council holds a closed-door session to discuss new sanctions against North Korea following reports of an agreement on a draft resolution between the United States and China. North Korea announces plans to nullify the armistice agreement that ended the Korean War. ](/news/2013/03/5/the-un-security-council-holds-a-closed-door-session-to-discuss-new-sanctions-against-north-korea-following-reports-of-an-agreement-on-a-draf.md) _Context: China, North Korea, United States_
2. [ An American Christian activist is reportedly arrested after crossing into North Korea from China, according to North Korean media. ](/news/2009/12/29/an-american-christian-activist-is-reportedly-arrested-after-crossing-into-north-korea-from-china-according-to-north-korean-media.md) _Context: China, North Korea, United States_
3. [ North Korea detains two American Current TV journalists near its border with China. ](/news/2009/03/19/north-korea-detains-two-american-current-tv-journalists-near-its-border-with-china.md) _Context: China, North Korea, United States_
4. [ North Korea and South Korea agree to seek talks with the People's Republic of China and the United States to reach a permanent peace agreement to formally end the Korean War. ](/news/2007/10/4/north-korea-and-south-korea-agree-to-seek-talks-with-the-people-s-republic-of-china-and-the-united-states-to-reach-a-permanent-peace-agreem.md) _Context: China, North Korea, United States_
5. [ 2006 North Korean nuclear test: The United States is encouraging a vote on a United Nations resolution, which currently would impose an arms embargo and freezing of North Korean funds connected to North Korean nuclear and ballistic missile programs, despite opposition from the People's Republic of China, which has veto power. ](/news/2006/10/13/2006-north-korean-nuclear-test-the-united-states-is-encouraging-a-vote-on-a-united-nations-resolution-which-currently-would-impose-an-arm.md) _Context: China, North Korea, United States_
6. [ Rumors abound that a nuclear test by North Korea may be imminent, and that the United States is urging the People's Republic of China to pressure North Korea not to do so. [http://www.hindu.com/thehindu/holnus/003200504231210.htm (The Hindu)] [http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/A10477-2005Apr22.html (Washington Post)] There was no test however for over a year following.](/news/2005/04/22/rumors-abound-that-a-nuclear-test-by-north-korea-may-be-imminent-and-that-the-united-states-is-urging-the-people-s-republic-of-china-to-pr.md) _Context: China, North Korea, United States_
7. [North Korea-United States relations: American student Otto Warmbier, who returned to the United States after serving 17 months in the North Korean prison system dies after returning from North Korea last week in a comatose state. His family has accused the Government of North Korea of torturing him. ](/news/2017/06/19/north-korea-united-states-relations-american-student-otto-warmbier-who-returned-to-the-united-states-after-serving-17-months-in-the-nort.md) _Context: North Korea, United States_
8. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-east.md) _Context: North Korea, United States_
9. [North Korea-South Korea relations: The United States deploys parts of its Terminal High Altitude Area Defense in South Korea amidst high tension caused by North Korea's escalation of its missile and nuclear weapons programs. ](/news/2017/04/26/north-korea-south-korea-relations-the-united-states-deploys-parts-of-its-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-in-south-korea-amidst-high-t.md) _Context: North Korea, United States_
10. [China-North Korea relations: Air China suspends all flights to North Korea's capital Pyongyang amid rising tensions between North Korea and the United States. ](/news/2017/04/14/china-north-korea-relations-air-china-suspends-all-flights-to-north-korea-s-capital-pyongyang-amid-rising-tensions-between-north-korea-an.md) _Context: North Korea, United States_
