### [2017-01-10](/news/2017/01/10/index.md)

# The foreign ministry of the People's Republic of China confirms that the country's head of state Xi Jinping will attend the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, this year, making him the first President of China to attend the high-profile event. 

President Xi Jinping this month will become the first Chinese head of state to attend the World Economic Forum (WEF) in Davos, which this year will dwell on the rising public anger with globalization and the coming U.S. presidency of Donald Trump.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-davos-meeting-china-idUSKBN14U11P?il)

### Related:

1. [Carrie Lam is sworn in as the first female Chief Executive of Hong Kong by President Xi Jinping amid protests against the 20th anniversary of the transfer of sovereignty to China. ](/news/2017/07/1/carrie-lam-is-sworn-in-as-the-first-female-chief-executive-of-hong-kong-by-president-xi-jinping-amid-protests-against-the-20th-anniversary-o.md) _Context: China, Xi Jinping_
2. [Protests mark the 20th anniversary of the transfer of sovereignty over Hong Kong to China from the United Kingdom alongside the arrival of Chinese President Xi Jinping. ](/news/2017/06/29/protests-mark-the-20th-anniversary-of-the-transfer-of-sovereignty-over-hong-kong-to-china-from-the-united-kingdom-alongside-the-arrival-of-c.md) _Context: China, Xi Jinping_
3. [Jia Jia, a columnist for China's Tencent media company is reported missing after not being heard from since Tuesday, when he was on his way to Hong Kong. He was last heard from when he tried to warn a friend about publishing an anonymous letter calling for President Xi Jinping's resignation. ](/news/2016/03/18/jia-jia-a-columnist-for-china-s-tencent-media-company-is-reported-missing-after-not-being-heard-from-since-tuesday-when-he-was-on-his-way.md) _Context: China, Xi Jinping_
4. [Chinese President Xi Jinping announced a major overhaul of China's military to make the world's largest army more combat ready and better equipped to project force beyond the country's borders. Under the reorganization, all branches of the armed forces would come under a joint military command. The Chinese president said the reform aimed to "build an elite combat force" and called on the officials to make "breakthroughs" on establishing the joint command by 2020, Xinhua said. ](/news/2015/11/27/chinese-president-xi-jinping-announced-a-major-overhaul-of-chinaas-military-to-make-the-worldas-largest-army-more-combat-ready-and-bette.md) _Context: China, Xi Jinping_
5. [China's Central Commission for Discipline Inspection announces their investigation of Fujian governor Su Shulin, the former chairman of China Petroleum and Chemical Corporation, on suspicion of serious disciplinary violations, the "euphemism for corruption." This follows the massive anti-corruption drive Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping launched when he came to power more than three years ago. Su is the first sitting governor investigated since the campaign began. ](/news/2015/10/7/china-s-central-commission-for-discipline-inspection-announces-their-investigation-of-fujian-governor-su-shulin-the-former-chairman-of-chin.md) _Context: China, Xi Jinping_
6. [Chinese leader Xi Jinping and President of the United States Barack Obama reach a deal to limit greenhouse gases. ](/news/2014/11/12/chinese-leader-xi-jinping-and-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-reach-a-deal-to-limit-greenhouse-gases.md) _Context: China, Xi Jinping_
7. [Chinese President Xi Jinping opens the Boao Forum for Asia in Boao, Hainan, by calling on entrepreneurs to form a united voice and vision for the common development of Asia. ](/news/2013/04/8/chinese-president-xi-jinping-opens-the-boao-forum-for-asia-in-boao-hainan-by-calling-on-entrepreneurs-to-form-a-united-voice-and-vision-fo.md) _Context: China, Xi Jinping_
8. [China's President Xi Jinping vows to intensify ties with Africa, as he addresses leaders in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, on his first trip to the continent. ](/news/2013/03/25/china-s-president-xi-jinping-vows-to-intensify-ties-with-africa-as-he-addresses-leaders-in-dar-es-salaam-tanzania-on-his-first-trip-to-th.md) _Context: China, Xi Jinping_
9. [Xi Jinping heads to Russia on the first stop of his maiden overseas tour as President of China. ](/news/2013/03/22/xi-jinping-heads-to-russia-on-the-first-stop-of-his-maiden-overseas-tour-as-president-of-china.md) _Context: China, Xi Jinping_
10. [The 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China is opened in Beijing, during which current Paramount Leader Hu Jintao is expected to step down to make way for presumptive leader Xi Jinping. ](/news/2012/11/8/the-18th-national-congress-of-the-communist-party-of-china-is-opened-in-beijing-during-which-current-paramount-leader-hu-jintao-is-expected.md) _Context: China, Xi Jinping_
