### [2008-05-10](/news/2008/05/10/index.md)

#  2008 unrest in Lebanon:  The Prime Minister of Lebanon Fuad Saniora accuses Hezbollah of staging "an armed coup" against Lebanon. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''The International Herald Tribune](http://www.iht.com/articles/ap/2008/05/10/africa/ME-GEN-Lebanon-Government.php)
2. [YA Libnan](http://yalibnan.com/site/archives/2008/05/lebanon_army_re.php)

### Related:

1. [Political crisis in Lebanon:Supporters of Lebanese caretaker Prime Minister Saad Hariri call for a day of protests  following Hezbollah's support for Najib Mikati as Prime Minister a new coalition government to replace that of Hariri, and igniting the possibility of  clashes in the latest development in the crisis over a United Nations-backed tribunal  investigating the 2005 assassination of former Prime Minister Rafic Hariri, Saad Hariri's father. ](/news/2011/01/25/political-crisis-in-lebanon-psupporters-of-lebanese-caretaker-prime-minister-saad-hariri-call-for-a-day-of-protests-following-hezbollah-s-s.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Prime Minister_
2. [ Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri announces the formation of a unity government with Hezbollah. ](/news/2009/11/9/lebanese-prime-minister-saad-hariri-announces-the-formation-of-a-unity-government-with-hezbollah.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Prime Minister_
3. [ 2008 unrest in Lebanon: Gunbattles erupt in Beirut as the government of Lebanon cracks down on Hezbollah. Two people are killed and eight injured in the fighting. ](/news/2008/05/8/2008-unrest-in-lebanon-gunbattles-erupt-in-beirut-as-the-government-of-lebanon-cracks-down-on-hezbollah-two-people-are-killed-and-eight-i.md) _Context: 2008 unrest in Lebanon, Hezbollah, Lebanon_
4. [The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-israeli-air-force-launches-several-airstrikes-on-targets-inside-syria-and-for-the-first-time-publicly-claims-responsibility-syrian-ai.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon_
5. [ Syrian government forces and allies, including Lebanese Hezbollah fighters, retake a large area southeast of Damascus, including the key town of Deir al-Asafir. ](/news/2016/05/19/syrian-government-forces-and-allies-including-lebanese-hezbollah-fighters-retake-a-large-area-southeast-of-damascus-including-the-key-to.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon_
6. [The Saudi-owned news channel Al Arabiya shuts its offices in Beirut, Lebanon and dismisses 27 employees in a sudden move reflecting tensions between Saudi Arabia and Lebanon-based Hezbollah, which is backed by Iran. Saudi Arabia interpreted Lebanon's lack of public solidarity as a sign that it had become beholden to Hezbollah. ](/news/2016/04/2/the-saudi-owned-news-channel-al-arabiya-shuts-its-offices-in-beirut-lebanon-and-dismisses-27-employees-in-a-sudden-move-reflecting-tensions.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon_
7. [Lebanese daily newspaper ''As-Safir'' ("The Ambassador" in Arabic) is to cease print and online operations after over 40 years, citing falling revenues and Lebanon's political environment and sectarian problems as reasons for its closure. The newspaper has close ties to Hezbollah. ](/news/2016/03/24/lebanese-daily-newspaper-as-safir-the-ambassador-in-arabic-is-to-cease-print-and-online-operations-after-over-40-years-citing-falli.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon_
8. [The Gulf Cooperation Council  formally designates Lebanon's Hezbollah militia a terrorist organization. The GCC  member states are Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates. ](/news/2016/03/2/the-gulf-cooperation-council-formally-designates-lebanon-s-hezbollah-militia-a-terrorist-organization-the-gcc-member-states-are-bahrain.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon_
9. [The Arab League declares the Lebanon-based Shiite group Hezbollah a terrorist organization. ](/news/2016/03/11/the-arab-league-declares-the-lebanon-based-shiite-group-hezbollah-a-terrorist-organization.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon_
10. [The United Arab Emirates (UAE) bans its citizens from traveling to Lebanon, just hours after Saudi Arabia issued a warning to its citizens to leave Lebanon in retaliation for Lebanon choosing to side with Iran in the Iran-Saudi Arabia proxy conflict and Hezbollah's influence on the Lebanese government. ](/news/2016/02/23/the-united-arab-emirates-uae-bans-its-citizens-from-traveling-to-lebanon-just-hours-after-saudi-arabia-issued-a-warning-to-its-citizens-t.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon_
