### [2008-04-29](/news/2008/04/29/index.md)

#  An explosion in the Nangarhar Province of Afghanistan kills at least 15 Afghans with another 25 injured. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters via ''The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2008/04/29/AR2008042900241.html)

### Related:

1. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). An Afghan soldier kills 3 U.S. troops and injures 1 other in Achin, Nangarhar Province. The Taliban claims responsibility, saying the Afghan soldier was one of several Taliban infiltrators in the Afghan Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/06/10/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-an-afghan-soldier-kills-3-u-s-troops-and-injures-1-other-in-achin-nangarhar-province-the-taliban-cla.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Nangarhar Province_
2. [War in Afghanistan. A U.S. special forces service member is killed while taking part in an operation against ISIL militants in Afghanistan's eastern Nangarhar Province. ](/news/2017/04/8/war-in-afghanistan-a-u-s-special-forces-service-member-is-killed-while-taking-part-in-an-operation-against-isil-militants-in-afghanistan-s.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Nangarhar Province_
3. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). Two U.S. service members are killed and a third is injured during a raid against ISIL militants in Afghanistan's Nangarhar Province. ](/news/2017/04/27/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-two-u-s-service-members-are-killed-and-a-third-is-injured-during-a-raid-against-isil-militants-in-afgh.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Nangarhar Province_
4. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). April 2017 Nangarhar airstrike. The United States Air Force drops the GBU-43/B Massive Ordnance Air Blast in Nangarhar Province, Afghanistan, reportedly on an ISIL complex of tunnels and caves. This is the first use of the weapon on the battlefield. ](/news/2017/04/13/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-april-2017-nangarhar-airstrike-the-united-states-air-force-drops-the-gbu-43-b-massive-ordnance-air-bla.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Nangarhar Province_
5. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). A suicide bomber kills 12 new police recruits in the Nangarhar Province of Afghanistan. The Taliban claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/04/11/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-suicide-bomber-kills-12-new-police-recruits-in-the-nangarhar-province-of-afghanistan-the-taliban-cla.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Nangarhar Province_
6. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). A U.S. drone strike kills at least 6 ISIL militants in Afghanistan's Nangarhar Province, according to the Afghan defense ministry. ](/news/2016/01/26/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-u-s-drone-strike-kills-at-least-6-isil-militants-in-afghanistan-s-nangarhar-province-according-to-t.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Nangarhar Province_
7. [December 2015 Hindu Kush earthquake. At least 17 people are injured in Peshawar, Pakistan, and five people are hurt in Afghanistan's Nangarhar Province after a 6.3-magnitude earthquake hit near the Afghanistan-Tajikistan border. The epicenter is in Afghanistan's quake-prone Ishkashim district, a mountainous area where mainly impoverished farmers live in homes made with mud, according to Peshawar District Officer Muhmand Asim Khan. Other details about damage or casualties are not presently available. ](/news/2015/12/25/december-2015-hindu-kush-earthquake-at-least-17-people-are-injured-in-peshawar-pakistan-and-five-people-are-hurt-in-afghanistan-s-nangarh.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Nangarhar Province_
8. [Afghan Civil War:. According to witnesses who fled fighting in Nangarhar province, fighters loyal to Islamic State seize substantial territory in Afghanistan for the first time, wresting areas in the east from rival Taliban insurgents in a new threat to stability, scorching opium poppy fields that help to fund the Taliban's campaign to overthrow the Afghan government. ](/news/2015/06/29/afghan-civil-war-according-to-witnesses-who-fled-fighting-in-nangarhar-province-fighters-loyal-to-islamic-state-seize-substantial-territo.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Nangarhar Province_
9. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):. A bomb explodes at a cemetery in the Afghan province of Nangarhar, killing at least 14 people. ](/news/2013/08/8/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-a-bomb-explodes-at-a-cemetery-in-the-afghan-province-of-nangarhar-killing-at-least-14-people.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Nangarhar Province_
10. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):. NATO forces in Afghanistan launch an investigation after a US airstrike in Nangarhar Province kills five Afghan policemen and injures another two. ](/news/2013/08/1/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-nato-forces-in-afghanistan-launch-an-investigation-after-a-us-airstrike-in-nangarhar-province-kills-fi.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Nangarhar Province_
