### [2007-08-6](/news/2007/08/6/index.md)

#  Former Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina files petitions challenging government move to try her in connection with an extortion case.




### Related:

1. [Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina rejects demands by Islamists for a new anti-blasphemy law to punish those who defame Islam and Prophet Muhammad. ](/news/2013/04/8/bangladesh-prime-minister-sheikh-hasina-rejects-demands-by-islamists-for-a-new-anti-blasphemy-law-to-punish-those-who-defame-islam-and-proph.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Sheikh Hasina_
2. [The Prime Minister of India Manmohan Singh and the Prime Minister of Bangladesh Sheikh Hasina sign an accord ending four decades of disputes over the borders of India and Bangladesh. ](/news/2011/09/7/the-prime-minister-of-india-manmohan-singh-and-the-prime-minister-of-bangladesh-sheikh-hasina-sign-an-accord-ending-four-decades-of-disputes.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Sheikh Hasina_
3. [ More than 100 ministers and heads of state attend a United Nations meeting on the global hunger crisis. Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina tables a five-pronged set of recommendations to raise a hunger-free world. ](/news/2009/09/26/more-than-100-ministers-and-heads-of-state-attend-a-united-nations-meeting-on-the-global-hunger-crisis-bangladesh-prime-minister-sheikh-ha.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Sheikh Hasina_
4. [ Sheikh Hasina's Awami League wins a supermajority in Bangladesh's National Assembly. ](/news/2008/12/30/sheikh-hasina-s-awami-league-wins-a-supermajority-in-bangladesh-s-national-assembly.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Sheikh Hasina_
5. [ ATN Bangla television reports that Bangladeshi police have arrested former Prime Minister of Bangladesh Sheikh Hasina on charges of extorting money from a businessman. ](/news/2007/07/16/atn-bangla-television-reports-that-bangladeshi-police-have-arrested-former-prime-minister-of-bangladesh-sheikh-hasina-on-charges-of-extorti.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Sheikh Hasina_
6. [Bangladesh accuses the Myanmar Army of laying landmines on the border between both countries to prevent the return of fleeing Rohingya refugees. Myanmar denies the Bangladeshi claims. ](/news/2017/09/6/bangladesh-accuses-the-myanmar-army-of-laying-landmines-on-the-border-between-both-countries-to-prevent-the-return-of-fleeing-rohingya-refug.md) _Context: Bangladesh_
7. [More than 123,000 Rohingya refugees have fled Myanmar and crossed into Bangladesh due to escalating violence by the Myanmar Army. ](/news/2017/09/5/more-than-123-000-rohingya-refugees-have-fled-myanmar-and-crossed-into-bangladesh-due-to-escalating-violence-by-the-myanmar-army.md) _Context: Bangladesh_
8. [Twenty-six bodies of women and children are recovered after three boats carrying ethnic Rohingya fleeing violence in Myanmar sink in the Naf River in Bangladesh's Cox's Bazar District. ](/news/2017/08/31/twenty-six-bodies-of-women-and-children-are-recovered-after-three-boats-carrying-ethnic-rohingya-fleeing-violence-in-myanmar-sink-in-the-naf.md) _Context: Bangladesh_
9. [At least 14 people are killed in the Indian city of Mumbai as nearly a month's average rainfall fell yesterday during the worst monsoon in years. More than 1,200 people have been killed across India, Nepal and Bangladesh. ](/news/2017/08/30/at-least-14-people-are-killed-in-the-indian-city-of-mumbai-as-nearly-a-month-s-average-rainfall-fell-yesterday-during-the-worst-monsoon-in-y.md) _Context: Bangladesh_
10. [Dozens of Rohingya Muslims fleeing renewed violence in Rakhine State are detained by Bangladeshi and Burmese authorities after they attempt to cross the border from Myanmar to Bangladesh. Many were en route to Kutupalong Refugee Camp, a refugee camp in Ukhia, Bangladesh, mostly inhabited by Rohingya refugees. ](/news/2017/08/27/dozens-of-rohingya-muslims-fleeing-renewed-violence-in-rakhine-state-are-detained-by-bangladeshi-and-burmese-authorities-after-they-attempt.md) _Context: Bangladesh_
