### [2007-08-6](/news/2007/08/6/index.md)

#  The Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert and the President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas meet to discuss the establishment of a Palestinian state. 

Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert met Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas on Monday, in the West Bank for the first time, and told him he wanted to restart negotiations soon on establishing a Palestinian state.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/topNews/idUSL0542035220070806?feedType=RSS)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. The Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert and the President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas are formally invited to the 2007 Mideast peace conference. ](/news/2007/11/20/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-olmert-and-the-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-are-fo.md) _Context: Ehud Olmert, Israeli Prime Minister, Mahmoud Abbas, President of the Palestinian Authority_
2. [ Middle East leaders President of Egypt Hosni Mubarak, President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas, Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert, and King Abdullah II of Jordan meet to support Abbas' leadership of the Palestinian Authority. Olmert announces that he will release 250 Palestinian political prisoners as a gesture of goodwill. ](/news/2007/06/25/middle-east-leaders-president-of-egypt-hosni-mubarak-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-o.md) _Context: Ehud Olmert, Israeli Prime Minister, Mahmoud Abbas, President of the Palestinian Authority_
3. [President of the United States Barack Obama meets with a range of Middle East leaders in pursuit of peace between Israel and Palestine, including Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu, President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas, King of Jordan Abdullah II and President of Egypt Hosni Mubarak. ](/news/2010/09/1/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-meets-with-a-range-of-middle-east-leaders-in-pursuit-of-peace-between-israel-and-palestine-incl.md) _Context: Israeli Prime Minister, Mahmoud Abbas, President of the Palestinian Authority_
4. [ The Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert and the President of the Palestinian National Authority Mahmoud Abbas agree to limited biweekly peace talks. ](/news/2007/03/27/the-prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-olmert-and-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-mahmoud-abbas-agree-to-limited-biweekly-pe.md) _Context: Ehud Olmert, Israeli Prime Minister, Mahmoud Abbas_
5. [ United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice meets with the Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert and the President of the Palestinian National Authority Mahmoud Abbas. ](/news/2007/02/19/united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-meets-with-the-prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-olmert-and-the-president-of-the-palestinian.md) _Context: Ehud Olmert, Israeli Prime Minister, Mahmoud Abbas_
6. [ Israeli radio reports that Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert said he plans to meet Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas in coming days. ](/news/2006/09/28/israeli-radio-reports-that-prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-olmert-said-he-plans-to-meet-palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-in-coming-days.md) _Context: Ehud Olmert, Israeli Prime Minister, Mahmoud Abbas_
7. [ Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert and Palestinean President Mahmoud Abbas will attend a common meeting later this week. ](/news/2006/06/20/israeli-prime-minister-ehud-olmert-and-palestinean-president-mahmoud-abbas-will-attend-a-common-meeting-later-this-week.md) _Context: Ehud Olmert, Israeli Prime Minister, Mahmoud Abbas_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A truce is declared between Israel and the Palestinian Authority. Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian Authority, and Ariel Sharon, the Prime Minister of Israel, shook hands at a four-way summit at Sharm el-Sheikh that was also attended by Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and Jordan's King Abdullah. Palestinian organization Hamas says it is not bound by the ceasefire. ](/news/2005/02/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-truce-is-declared-between-israel-and-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palesti.md) _Context: Israeli Prime Minister, Mahmoud Abbas, President of the Palestinian Authority_
9. [ US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice arrives in Israel to meet with Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas. ](/news/2005/02/6/us-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-arrives-in-israel-to-meet-with-israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-and-palestinian-authority-preside.md) _Context: Israeli Prime Minister, Mahmoud Abbas, President of the Palestinian Authority_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: In an interview with Yedioth Ahronoth, Israeli Prime Minister, Ariel Sharon, has said he is "very satisfied" with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas's efforts to restore calm. Sharon pledged to further peace process efforts with Abbas, with a meeting possible within two weeks. ](/news/2005/01/27/israeli-palestinian-conflict-in-an-interview-with-yedioth-ahronoth-israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-has-said-he-is-very-satisfied.md) _Context: Israeli Prime Minister, Mahmoud Abbas, President of the Palestinian Authority_
