### [2007-08-6](/news/2007/08/6/index.md)

#  The Lebanese government claim that the police have killed Abu Hureira, the second in command of Fatah al-Islam. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Forbes](http://www.forbes.com/feeds/ap/2007/08/06/ap3992797.html)

### Related:

1. [Lebanon fatally shoots and kills Abd-al-Rahman Awad, the suspected leader of Fatah al-Islam. ](/news/2010/08/14/lebanon-fatally-shoots-and-kills-abd-al-rahman-awad-the-suspected-leader-of-fatah-al-islam.md) _Context: Fatah al-Islam, Lebanon_
2. [ 2007 Lebanon conflict: Lebanon's Defense Minister Elias al-Murr claims that at least 222 Fatah al-Islam militants were killed during the struggle. ](/news/2007/09/4/2007-lebanon-conflict-lebanon-s-defense-minister-elias-al-murr-claims-that-at-least-222-fatah-al-islam-militants-were-killed-during-the-st.md) _Context: Fatah al-Islam, Lebanon_
3. [ 2007 Lebanon conflict: Fatah al-Islam fighters attempt an escape from the Nahr al-Bared refugee camp north of Tripoli, Lebanon with at least 41 people being killed in fighting and many being injured and captured by the Lebanese army. ](/news/2007/09/2/2007-lebanon-conflict-p-fatah-al-islam-fighters-attempt-an-escape-from-the-nahr-al-bared-refugee-camp-north-of-tripoli-lebanon-with-at-lea.md) _Context: Fatah al-Islam, Lebanon_
4. [ The Lebanese army has resumed shelling Fatah al-Islam positions inside the Nahr al-Bared refugee camp near Tripoli. All of the refugees have left the camp after recent fighting. ](/news/2007/07/12/the-lebanese-army-has-resumed-shelling-fatah-al-islam-positions-inside-the-nahr-al-bared-refugee-camp-near-tripoli-all-of-the-refugees-hav.md) _Context: Fatah al-Islam, Lebanon_
5. [ Lebanon declares victory over Fatah al-Islam, an Al Qaeda-linked group, after a month-long battle at a Palestinian refugee camp. ](/news/2007/06/21/lebanon-declares-victory-over-fatah-al-islam-an-al-qaeda-linked-group-after-a-month-long-battle-at-a-palestinian-refugee-camp.md) _Context: Fatah al-Islam, Lebanon_
6. [ 2007 North Lebanon conflict: Fighting resumes at the Nahr el-Bared camp between the Lebanese Army and Fatah al-Islam. ](/news/2007/06/1/2007-north-lebanon-conflict-fighting-resumes-at-the-nahr-el-bared-camp-between-the-lebanese-army-and-fatah-al-islam.md) _Context: Fatah al-Islam, Lebanon_
7. [ Lebanon's Defence Minister Elias Murr issues an ultimatum to Fatah al-Islam militants in the Nahr el-Bared refugee camp in Tripoli, Lebanon. ](/news/2007/05/23/lebanon-s-defence-minister-elias-murr-issues-an-ultimatum-to-fatah-al-islam-militants-in-the-nahr-el-bared-refugee-camp-in-tripoli-lebanon.md) _Context: Fatah al-Islam, Lebanon_
8. [ Battle of Nahr al-Bared: Fighting breaks out between Fatah al-Islam militants and Lebanese soldiers at the Nahr al-Bared refugee camp in Tripoli, Lebanon. ](/news/2007/05/20/battle-of-nahr-al-bared-fighting-breaks-out-between-fatah-al-islam-militants-and-lebanese-soldiers-at-the-nahr-al-bared-refugee-camp-in-tr.md) _Context: Fatah al-Islam, Lebanon_
9. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Lebanon_
10. [The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-israeli-air-force-launches-several-airstrikes-on-targets-inside-syria-and-for-the-first-time-publicly-claims-responsibility-syrian-ai.md) _Context: Lebanon_
