### [2007-08-6](/news/2007/08/6/index.md)

#  Turkish President Ahmet Necdet Sezer gave a mandate to Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan to form his second cabinet following a landslide victory for the Justice and Development Party (AKP) in the general elections. 




### Source:

1. [Turkish Daily News](http://www.turkishdailynews.com.tr/article.php?enewsid=80247)

### Related:

1. [Justice and Development Party leadership election, 2016. Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu announces his resignation effective 22 May amid conflict with President Recep Tayyip Erdogan over Turkey-s increasingly authoritarian rule. Davutoglu said he would step down following an extraordinary meeting of AKP party leaders scheduled for May 22. ](/news/2016/05/5/justice-and-development-party-leadership-election-2016-turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-announces-his-resignation-effective-22-may.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, ruling party_
2. [Turkish general election, November 2015. Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP) wins Sunday's snap election with more than 49 percent of the vote. AKP, projected to get 316 seats in the 550-seat parliament, regains single-party rule just five months after losing it. ](/news/2015/11/1/turkish-general-election-november-2015-turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-s-ruling-justice-and-development-party-akp-wins-sunday-s.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, ruling party_
3. [Two recent polls indicate that the ruling party in Republic of Turkey, the Justice and Development Party of Recep Tayyip Erdogan, is in danger of losing its parliamentary majority in the June 7 election. ](/news/2015/05/25/two-recent-polls-indicate-that-the-ruling-party-in-republic-of-turkey-the-justice-and-development-party-of-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-is-in-dan.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, ruling party_
4. [Turkish president Abdullah Gul states that he will not run for a second term in the upcoming presidential elections in August, paving the way for prime minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan to run as AKP's candidate instead. ](/news/2014/06/29/turkish-president-abdullah-ga1-4l-states-that-he-will-not-run-for-a-second-term-in-the-upcoming-presidential-elections-in-august-paving-the-w.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, ruling party_
5. [Turkish local elections, 2014:. Voters in Turkey go to the polls for municipal elections with Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan's Justice and Development Party claiming victory. ](/news/2014/03/30/turkish-local-elections-2014-voters-in-turkey-go-to-the-polls-for-municipal-elections-with-prime-minister-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-s-justice.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, ruling party_
6. [Prime Minister of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan, speaking about 100,000 Armenian illegal immigrants currently living in Turkey, says "I may have to tell these 100,000 to go back to their country because they are not my citizens. I don't have to keep them in my country". ](/news/2010/04/6/prime-minister-of-turkey-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-speaking-about-100-000-armenian-illegal-immigrants-currently-living-in-turkey-says-i-may-h.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
7. [ Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan says prosecutor Abdurrahman Yalcinkaya's proposal to ban the ruling Justice and Development Party is against the "national will". ](/news/2008/03/15/turkish-prime-minister-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-says-prosecutor-abdurrahman-yalassa-nkaya-s-proposal-to-ban-the-ruling-justice-and-development.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, ruling party_
8. [ Turkish voters go to the polls for general elections. The ruling AKP led by the Prime Minister of Turkey Tayyip Erdogan wins a resounding victory. ](/news/2007/07/22/turkish-voters-go-to-the-polls-for-general-elections-the-ruling-akp-led-by-the-prime-minister-of-turkey-tayyip-erdogan-wins-a-resounding-v.md) _Context: general elections, ruling party_
9. [ A death threat was mailed by PKK to CHP, MHP, DYP and AKP to withdraw their Van and Hakk-ri candidates to the 2007 general election in Turkey. ](/news/2007/05/14/a-death-threat-was-mailed-by-pkk-to-chp-mhp-dyp-and-akp-to-withdraw-their-van-and-hakk-ri-candidates-to-the-2007-general-election-in-turk.md) _Context: general elections, ruling party_
10. [ At least 300,000 secularist Turks march in Ankara to warn the Islamist Prime Minister of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his party against seeking the presidency. ](/news/2007/04/14/at-least-300-000-secularist-turks-march-in-ankara-to-warn-the-islamist-prime-minister-of-turkey-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-and-his-party-against.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, ruling party_
