### [2008-02-12](/news/2008/02/12/index.md)

#  United States presidential election, 2008: Illinois Senator Barack Obama wins the District of Columbia, Maryland  and Virginia Democratic primaries. Obama now leads Sen. Hillary Clinton in the delegate count for the first time since early in the campaign. 

Barack Obama extended his winning streak over Hillary Rodham Clinton, while John McCain succeeded in countering recent victories by Mike Huckabee.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/''2006''/POLITICS/02/12/potomac.primaries/index.html)
2. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/''2006''/02/12/us/politics/12cnd-campaign.html)
3. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2008/02/12/us/politics/12cnd-campaign.html)

### Related:

1. [ United States voters go to the polls in the North Carolina and Indiana Democratic Party primaries. Illinois Senator Barack Obama wins North Carolina by 14 per cent while New York Senator Hillary Clinton narrowly wins  in Indiana. ](/news/2008/05/6/united-states-voters-go-to-the-polls-in-the-north-carolina-and-indiana-democratic-party-primaries-illinois-senator-barack-obama-wins-north.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Democratic Party, Hillary Clinton, Illinois, Senator_
2. [ U.S. presidential election:  Illinois Senator Barack Obama accepts the nomination of the Democratic Party at the INVESCO Field at Mile High in Denver, Colorado, becoming the first African American to be nominated by a major party for election as President of the United States. ](/news/2008/08/28/u-s-presidential-election-illinois-senator-barack-obama-accepts-the-nomination-of-the-democratic-party-at-the-invesco-field-at-mile-high.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Democratic Party, Illinois, Senator_
3. [ Hillary Clinton suspends her presidential campaign and endorses Barack Obama as the Democratic candidate for President of the United States in the 2008 election. ](/news/2008/06/7/hillary-clinton-suspends-her-presidential-campaign-and-endorses-barack-obama-as-the-democratic-candidate-for-president-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: 2008, Barack Obama, Democratic Party, Hillary Clinton_
4. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Illinois  Senator Barack Obama  wins the Wyoming Democratic caucus. ](/news/2008/03/8/united-states-presidential-election-2008-illinois-senator-barack-obama-wins-the-wyoming-democratic-caucus.md) _Context: 2008, Barack Obama, Democratic Party, Illinois_
5. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Voters in New Hampshire go to the polls for the first primary election to determine presidential nominees for the Democratic and Republican parties. New York Senator Hillary Clinton wins the Democratic primary. Arizona Senator John McCain wins the Republican primary. ](/news/2008/01/8/united-states-presidential-election-2008-p-voters-in-new-hampshire-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-primary-election-to-determine-presidentia.md) _Context: 2008, Democratic Party, Hillary Clinton, primary election_
6. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Democratic Senators Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama hold the first two-person debate. ](/news/2008/01/31/united-states-presidential-election-2008-democratic-senators-hillary-clinton-and-barack-obama-hold-the-first-two-person-debate.md) _Context: 2008, Barack Obama, Democratic Party, Hillary Clinton_
7. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Illinois Senator Barack Obama wins the South Carolina Democratic primary. ](/news/2008/01/26/united-states-presidential-election-2008-illinois-senator-barack-obama-wins-the-south-carolina-democratic-primary.md) _Context: 2008, Barack Obama, Democratic Party, Illinois_
8. [ Australian Prime Minister John Howard criticizes U.S. Senator Barack Obama (D-IL) for his stance on Iraq, saying that al-Qaeda in Iraq should be praying for Obama to win the election. The opposition Australian Labor Party says that Howard's statement imperiled the relationship Australia might have with the United States under a Democratic administration. ](/news/2007/02/12/australian-prime-minister-john-howard-criticizes-u-s-senator-barack-obama-d-il-for-his-stance-on-iraq-saying-that-al-qaeda-in-iraq-shou.md) _Context: 2008, Barack Obama, Democratic Party, Illinois_
9. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Senator Barack Obama (D-IL) officially announces his candidacy for president during a speech at the Old State Capitol in Springfield, Illinois. ](/news/2007/02/10/united-states-presidential-election-2008-senator-barack-obama-d-il-officially-announces-his-candidacy-for-president-during-a-speech-at.md) _Context: 2008, Barack Obama, Democratic Party, Illinois_
10. [Hillary Clinton wins the Washington D.C. Democratic Party primary, the last scheduled primary on the party's schedule before the 2016 Democratic National Convention in late July. ](/news/2016/06/14/hillary-clinton-wins-the-washington-d-c-democratic-party-primary-the-last-scheduled-primary-on-the-party-s-schedule-before-the-2016-democr.md) _Context: Democratic Party, Hillary Clinton, Washington, D.C._
