### [2009-11-24](/news/2009/11/24/index.md)

#  The trial of two Congolese militia leaders, Germain Katanga and Mathieu Ngudjolo Chui, begins at the International Criminal Court in The Hague. 

Two men accused of murder, rape and using child soldiers go on trial in The Hague.


### Source:

1. [AP](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5jIIQpLKyj3NrhJa50Xg3Wte4yxJwD9C60H401)
2. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/europe/2009/11/20091124142634137365.html)
3. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/africa/8375601.stm)

### Related:

1. [Congolese war crimes suspect Bosco Ntaganda appears before the International Criminal Court at The Hague for the first time, following his surprise surrender last week. ](/news/2013/03/26/congolese-war-crimes-suspect-bosco-ntaganda-appears-before-the-international-criminal-court-at-the-hague-for-the-first-time-following-his-s.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, International Criminal Court, The Hague_
2. [Former Congolese militia leader Mathieu Ngudjolo Chui is acquitted by the International Criminal Court of war crimes and crimes against humanity. ](/news/2012/12/18/former-congolese-militia-leader-mathieu-ngudjolo-chui-is-acquitted-by-the-international-criminal-court-of-war-crimes-and-crimes-against-huma.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, International Criminal Court, Mathieu Ngudjolo Chui_
3. [Congolese warlord Thomas Lubanga is sentenced to 14 years' imprisonment by the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands, after Lubanga's conviction of recruiting and using child soldiers and other human rights violations during the Ituri conflict on March 14. ](/news/2012/07/10/congolese-warlord-thomas-lubanga-is-sentenced-to-14-years-imprisonment-by-the-international-criminal-court-in-the-hague-netherlands-after.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, International Criminal Court, The Hague_
4. [The International Criminal Court in the Hague delivers a verdict of guilty in the case of Thomas Lubanga Dyilo of the Democratic Republic of the Congo on war crimes charges. ](/news/2012/03/14/the-international-criminal-court-in-the-hague-delivers-a-verdict-of-guilty-in-the-case-of-thomas-lubanga-dyilo-of-the-democratic-republic-of.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, International Criminal Court, The Hague_
5. [Callixte Mbarushimana, the rebel leader accused of committing war crimes in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, is extradited from France to the International Criminal Court in The Hague. ](/news/2011/01/25/callixte-mbarushimana-the-rebel-leader-accused-of-committing-war-crimes-in-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-is-extradited-from-france.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, International Criminal Court, The Hague_
6. [Former Vice President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Jean-Pierre Bemba, goes on trial for crimes against humanity and war crimes at the International Criminal Court in The Hague. ](/news/2010/11/22/former-vice-president-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-jean-pierre-bemba-goes-on-trial-for-crimes-against-humanity-and-war-crimes-a.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, International Criminal Court, The Hague_
7. [The International Criminal Court orders the first accused at The Hague, Thomas Lubanga from the Democratic Republic of the Congo accused of allegedly recruiting child soldiers, be freed. ](/news/2010/07/15/the-international-criminal-court-orders-the-first-accused-at-the-hague-thomas-lubanga-from-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-accused-of.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, International Criminal Court, The Hague_
8. [Philippine Drug War. A Filipino lawyer files a complaint of "mass murder and crimes against humanity" against Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte and eleven other officials at the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2017/04/24/philippine-drug-war-a-filipino-lawyer-files-a-complaint-of-mass-murder-and-crimes-against-humanity-against-philippines-president-rodrigo.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, The Hague_
9. [Imprisoned former Congolese warlord Germain Katanga is ordered by the International Criminal Court to pay reparations to some of his victims in the first such ruling by the court. ](/news/2017/03/24/imprisoned-former-congolese-warlord-germain-katanga-is-ordered-by-the-international-criminal-court-to-pay-reparations-to-some-of-his-victims.md) _Context: Germain Katanga, International Criminal Court_
10. [Former Congolese Vice President and warlord Jean-Pierre Bemba, sentenced last year by the International Criminal Court (ICC) to 18 years in prison for war crimes, is given an additional 12 months and fined 300,000 euros for bribing witnesses during an earlier ICC trial. The court also handed jail terms and fines for alleged interference in his trial to members of his legal team. ](/news/2017/03/22/former-congolese-vice-president-and-warlord-jean-pierre-bemba-sentenced-last-year-by-the-international-criminal-court-icc-to-18-years-in.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, International Criminal Court_
