### [2010-06-30](/news/2010/06/30/index.md)

# A man whom the United States considers to be the 11th member of a Russian spy ring goes missing in Cyprus. 

The 11th member of alleged Russian spy ring in US fails to appear at police station.


### Source:

1. [Aljazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/europe/2010/06/201063018482943541.html)

### Related:

1. [A plane containing 10 members of a Russian spy ring arrives in Vienna, Austria, from the United States. ](/news/2010/07/9/a-plane-containing-10-members-of-a-russian-spy-ring-arrives-in-vienna-austria-from-the-united-states.md) _Context: 10 members, Russia, United States_
2. [Russia-United States relations: Iran-United States relations: The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/russia-united-states-relations-iran-united-states-relations-the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
3. [United States-European Union relations: The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/united-states-european-union-relations-the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-go.md) _Context: Cyprus, United States_
4. [Syrian Civil War: Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/syrian-civil-war-russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-u.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
5. [Battle of Aleppo: Aleppo offensive (November-December 2016): Russia and the United States will continue talks on Aleppo after talks between the U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov. ](/news/2016/12/9/battle-of-aleppo-aleppo-offensive-november-december-2016-russia-and-the-united-states-will-continue-talks-on-aleppo-after-talks-betwee.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
6. [The United States expels 35 Russian diplomats over the alleged Russian interference during the U.S.'s 2016 presidential election. ](/news/2016/12/29/the-united-states-expels-35-russian-diplomats-over-the-alleged-russian-interference-during-the-u-s-s-2016-presidential-election.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
7. [NATO-Russia relations: Russia deploys its S-400 missile system in Kaliningrad, an exclave between Poland and Lithuania, in response to "NATO expansion" near its borders. The United States criticizes the move as "destabilizing" to Europe. Russia announced the planned deployment over a decade ago. ](/news/2016/11/21/nato-russia-relations-russia-deploys-its-s-400-missile-system-in-kaliningrad-an-exclave-between-poland-and-lithuania-in-response-to-na.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
8. [Syrian peace process: France seeks United States and Russian support for a Security Council resolution to impose a new truce that will allow aid into Aleppo, which has experienced two weeks of heavy Syrian and Russian bombing of rebel-held areas. ](/news/2016/10/5/syrian-peace-process-france-seeks-united-states-and-russian-support-for-a-security-council-resolution-to-impose-a-new-truce-that-will-allow.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
9. [Philippines-United States relations: Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte tells U.S. President Barack Obama to "go to hell" after the United States refuses to sell some weapons to his country, while also acknowledging the cooperation of Russia and China. ](/news/2016/10/4/philippines-united-states-relations-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-tells-u-s-president-barack-obama-to-go-to-hell-after-the-unit.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
10. [Russia and weapons of mass destruction: Russian President Vladimir Putin suspends the 2000 treaty with the United States on cleaning up weapons-grade plutonium (Plutonium Management and Disposition Agreement) {{ru icon}}. ](/news/2016/10/3/russia-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-russian-president-vladimir-putin-suspends-the-2000-treaty-with-the-united-states-on-cleaning-up-weap.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
