### [2010-06-30](/news/2010/06/30/index.md)

# Lord Jay, Permanent Under-Secretary at the Foreign and Commonwealth Office ahead of the 2003 invasion of Iraq, tells the Iraq Inquiry he felt "very uncomfortable" about Tony Blair declaring war on Iraq without another "necessary" United Nations resolution. 

A former top diplomat says he felt &quot;very uncomfortable&quot; about the UK going to war in Iraq without United Nations backing.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/politics/10458486.stm)

### Related:

1. [A private note, due to remain secret despite calls for it to be published by the chairman of the Iraq Inquiry, shows former British prime minister Tony Blair privately assured former American president George W. Bush "you can count on us" before they jointly invaded Iraq prior to the Iraq War. ](/news/2011/01/21/a-private-note-due-to-remain-secret-despite-calls-for-it-to-be-published-by-the-chairman-of-the-iraq-inquiry-shows-former-british-prime-mi.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq Inquiry, Tony Blair_
2. [Iraq Inquiry documents show former British prime minister Tony Blair was offered an alternative to attacking Iraq during a secret meeting held eight days before its soldiers invaded the country in 2003. ](/news/2011/01/20/iraq-inquiry-documents-show-former-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-was-offered-an-alternative-to-attacking-iraq-during-a-secret-meeting-he.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq Inquiry, Tony Blair_
3. [Tony Blair is recalled to give further evidence before the Iraq Inquiry after "gaps" concerning the legality of the Iraq War are identified in his evidence. Jack Straw and Lord Goldsmith are to return too. ](/news/2010/12/8/tony-blair-is-recalled-to-give-further-evidence-before-the-iraq-inquiry-after-gaps-concerning-the-legality-of-the-iraq-war-are-identified.md) _Context: Iraq Inquiry, Tony Blair_
4. [Former MI5 head Baroness Manningham-Buller gives evidence in public before the Iraq Inquiry into Iraq's alleged weapons of mass destruction, admitting that the 2003 invasion of Iraq served to "substantially" increase the security threat to the UK. ](/news/2010/07/20/former-mi5-head-baroness-manningham-buller-gives-evidence-in-public-before-the-iraq-inquiry-into-iraq-s-alleged-weapons-of-mass-destruction.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq Inquiry_
5. [ International demands grow that the United States close "Guantanamo Bay prison camp". The European Parliament votes overwhelmingly for a resolution urging that the prison be closed and inmates given a fair trial. [http://www.theage.com.au/news/editorial/un-and-europe-are-right-guantanamo-must-close/2006/02/17/1140151810111.html (The Age)] UK Prime Minister Tony Blair calls Guantanamo an "anomaly" [http://www.guardian.co.uk/guantanamo/story/0,,1712066,00.html (Guardian)]. UN General Secretary Kofi Annan calls for the camp to be closed "as soon as possible" [http://www.thestar.com/NASApp/cs/ContentServer?pagename=thestar/Layout/Article_Type1&c=Article&pubid=968163964505&cid=1139871011305&col=968705899037&call_page=TS_News&call_pageid=968332188492&call_pagepath=News/News (Toronto Star)] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/4722534.stm (BBC)]. Former Irish President and UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Mary Robinson urges the US to act on the findings of the UN report [http://www.rte.ie/news/2006/0217/guantanamo.html (RT)], while Northern Ireland Secretary of State Peter Hain also calls for its closure. [http://news.scotsman.com/international.cfm?id=251232006 (Scotsman)] This follows a United Nations report which calls for it to be closed.](/news/2006/02/17/international-demands-grow-that-the-united-states-close-guantanamo-bay-prison-camp-the-european-parliament-votes-overwhelmingly-for-a-re.md) _Context: Tony Blair, United Nations_
6. [ General Sir Michael Rose, former United Nations commander in Bosnia, has told the BBC that British Prime Minister Tony Blair should be "impeached" over the war in Iraq. ](/news/2006/01/9/general-sir-michael-rose-former-united-nations-commander-in-bosnia-has-told-the-bbc-that-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-should-be-imp.md) _Context: Tony Blair, United Nations_
7. [ British Prime Minister Tony Blair publishes the advice of Lord Goldsmith, the Attorney General, on the legality of the 2003 invasion of Iraq. ](/news/2005/04/28/british-prime-minister-tony-blair-publishes-the-advice-of-lord-goldsmith-the-attorney-general-on-the-legality-of-the-2003-invasion-of-ira.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Tony Blair_
8. [ A UN report has stated that malnutrition rates in Iraqi children under five have almost doubled since the US-led invasion of Iraq. ](/news/2005/03/31/a-un-report-has-stated-that-malnutrition-rates-in-iraqi-children-under-five-have-almost-doubled-since-the-us-led-invasion-of-iraq.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, United Nations_
9. [ United Nations' nuclear watchdog group and other U.N. diplomats state that nuclear-related equipment, some contaminated, and a number of missile engines have been smuggled out of Iraq for recycling in Jewometaal Stainless Processing B.V. scrap yards. Satellite photos detect ""the extensive removal of equipment and, in some instances, removal of entire buildings"" from sites that had been subject to U.N. monitoring before the Iraq war. The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) has also reiterated a call for arms inspectors to return to Iraq. ](/news/2004/04/15/united-nations-nuclear-watchdog-group-and-other-u-n-diplomats-state-that-nuclear-related-equipment-some-contaminated-and-a-number-of-mi.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, United Nations_
10. [ Tony Blair defends the war in Iraq, stating that "global threat we face in Britain and round the world is real and existential and it is the task of leadership to expose it and fight it, whatever the political cost." ](/news/2004/03/5/tony-blair-defends-the-war-in-iraq-stating-that-global-threat-we-face-in-britain-and-round-the-world-is-real-and-existential-and-it-is-th.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Tony Blair_
