### [2010-06-30](/news/2010/06/30/index.md)

# The Democratic Republic of the Congo marks 50 years of independence with celebrations attended by Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon, the Belgian king and other world leaders, days after the funeral of Floribert Chebeya. 

The Democratic Republic of Congo marks 50 years of independence Wednesday with UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon and the Belgian king among a host of world leaders attending the celebrations.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/africa/2010/06/201063011385670268.html)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/world/africa/10460564.stm)
3. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/world/africa/10471186.stm)
4. [The Sydney Morning Herald](http://news.smh.com.au/breaking-news-world/dr-congo-marks-50-troubled-years-of-independence-20100630-zl72.html)
5. [news24.com](http://www.news24.com/Africa/News/G-Bissau-army-chief-installed-20100629)

### Related:

1. [Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon requests an independent investigation in into the death of human rights activist Floribert Chebeya in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and promises to help in any way he can. ](/news/2010/06/4/secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-ban-ki-moon-requests-an-independent-investigation-in-into-the-death-of-human-rights-activist-floribe.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Floribert Chebeya, Secretary General_
2. [Ban Ki-moon, the Secretary-General of the United Nations, visits the Democratic Republic of the Congo as fighting continues near the eastern city of Goma. ](/news/2013/05/23/ban-ki-moon-the-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-visits-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-as-fighting-continues-near-the-eastern.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Secretary General_
3. [United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon temporarily removes the Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen from a U.N. blacklist for violating children's rights because its supporters threatened to stop funding many U.N. programs. ](/news/2016/06/9/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-temporarily-removes-the-saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-from-a-u-n-blacklist-for-viola.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General_
4. [Former New Zealand prime minister Helen Clark is running for Secretary-General of the United Nations, to succeed Ban Ki-moon whose second term expires at the end of this year. Clark, who is the first non-European and fourth woman among the eight announced candidates, was prime minister for nine years (1999-2008) and has been Administrator of the United Nations Development Programme since April 2009. The United Nations Trusteeship Council will begin preliminary meetings with candidates next week in New York City. ](/news/2016/04/4/former-new-zealand-prime-minister-helen-clark-is-running-for-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-to-succeed-ban-ki-moon-whose-second-te.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General_
5. [The United Nations Security Council unanimously adopts a resolution setting the stage for the deployment of UN Police to Burundi, where political unrest that has lasted nearly a year killed over 400 people and displaced tens of thousands. The resolution asks Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon to present options within 15 days for the deployment of UN police in order to monitor the security situation, promote respect for human rights and advance the rule of law. ](/news/2016/04/2/the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-adopts-a-resolution-setting-the-stage-for-the-deployment-of-un-police-to-burundi-where-poli.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General_
6. [U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says new talks aimed to help end Syria's war shouldn't be held up by wrangling over whether President Bashar Assad stays or goes. ](/news/2015/10/31/u-n-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-says-new-talks-aimed-to-help-end-syria-s-war-shouldn-t-be-held-up-by-wrangling-over-whether-president-bas.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General_
7. [U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, during a surprise visit to Jerusalem today, calls for calm ahead of meetings with Israeli and Palestinian leaders in an effort to bring an end to the month-long wave of violence. ](/news/2015/10/20/u-n-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-during-a-surprise-visit-to-jerusalem-today-calls-for-calm-ahead-of-meetings-with-israeli-and-palestinia.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General_
8. [The Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon calls for a "collective political response" to the crisis as the death toll from the latest boat to sink in the Mediterranean Sea rises to 171. ](/news/2015/08/29/the-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-ban-ki-moon-calls-for-a-collective-political-response-to-the-crisis-as-the-death-toll-from-the.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General_
9. [Ban Ki-Moon, the Secretary-General of the United Nations, calls for a new investigation into the death of former Secretary-General Dag Hammarskjold in a plane crash after a panel he appointed uncovers new evidence. ](/news/2015/07/6/ban-ki-moon-the-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-calls-for-a-new-investigation-into-the-death-of-former-secretary-general-dag-hamma.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General_
10. [North Korea abruptly cancels an invitation for Ban Ki-moon, the Secretary-General of the United Nations, to visit. ](/news/2015/05/20/north-korea-abruptly-cancels-an-invitation-for-ban-ki-moon-the-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-to-visit.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General_
