### [2010-06-30](/news/2010/06/30/index.md)

# Tony Blair is to receive a prestigious medal and $100,000 from the United States, presented by Bill Clinton, for his "steadfast" efforts in "the resolution of conflicts rooted in religion around the world". 

Former UK Prime Minister Tony Blair is to receive a prestigious US medal and $100,000 (£67,000) prize for his work in conflict resolution.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/politics/10470914.stm)
2. [The Straits Times](http://www.straitstimes.com/BreakingNews/World/Story/STIStory_547843.html)
3. [The Sydney Morning Herald](http://news.smh.com.au/breaking-news-world/tony-blair-awarded-peace-medal-20100701-znzd.html)

### Related:

1. [Former U.S. President Bill Clinton has two coronary stents implanted in his heart at the NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital in New York City, after chest pains. ](/news/2010/02/11/former-u-s-president-bill-clinton-has-two-coronary-stents-implanted-in-his-heart-at-the-newyorkapresbyterian-hospital-in-new-york-city-a.md) _Context: Bill Clinton, United States_
2. [ Two United States journalists, Laura Ling and Euna Lee, who had been detained by North Korea, return home with former U.S. President Bill Clinton. ](/news/2009/08/5/two-united-states-journalists-laura-ling-and-euna-lee-who-had-been-detained-by-north-korea-return-home-with-former-u-s-president-bill-c.md) _Context: Bill Clinton, United States_
3. [ Former United States President Bill Clinton arrives in Pyongyang, North Korea, and secures the freedom of two detained American journalists, Laura Ling and Euna Lee. ](/news/2009/08/4/former-united-states-president-bill-clinton-arrives-in-pyongyang-north-korea-and-secures-the-freedom-of-two-detained-american-journalists.md) _Context: Bill Clinton, United States_
4. [ During a tour of Africa, Hillary Clinton, the United States Secretary of State, attacks a Congolese university student for asking about the opinion of her husband Bill Clinton. ](/news/2009/08/10/during-a-tour-of-africa-hillary-clinton-the-united-states-secretary-of-state-attacks-a-congolese-university-student-for-asking-about-the.md) _Context: Bill Clinton, United States_
5. [ ''Prime Minister Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:'' Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions. Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister. Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy. Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government. Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/prime-minister-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-p-longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-pa.md) _Context: Tony Blair, United States_
6. [ Nobel Prize in Literature winner Harold Pinter accuses Britain and the United States of engaging in state terrorism in Iraq and demands the prosecution of George W. Bush and Tony Blair. ](/news/2005/12/7/nobel-prize-in-literature-winner-harold-pinter-accuses-britain-and-the-united-states-of-engaging-in-state-terrorism-in-iraq-and-demands-the.md) _Context: Tony Blair, United States_
7. [ Reactions to the September 11 attacks: Canada's border with the United States is on high alert in the aftermath of the terrorist attacks in the United States so the Canadian government initiates both "Operation Support" and "Operation Yellow Ribbon." Early speculation about the source of the attacks centered on Saudi-born terrorist leader Osama bin Laden, who was living in and working from Afghanistan. Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan leaders condemned the attacks and rejected suggestions that Osama bin Laden could be behind them. Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Tony Blair cancels a speech he was due to give to the TUC, and pledges to "stand shoulder to shoulder" with the United States.](/news/2001/09/11/reactions-to-the-september-11-attacks-p-canada-s-border-with-the-united-states-is-on-high-alert-in-the-aftermath-of-the-terrorist-attacks-i.md) _Context: Tony Blair, United States_
8. [ Monica Lewinsky's book detailing her affair with Bill Clinton goes on sale in the United States.](/news/1999/03/4/monica-lewinsky-s-book-detailing-her-affair-with-bill-clinton-goes-on-sale-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: Bill Clinton, United States_
9. [World leaders such as Bill Clinton, Emmanuel Macron, Theresa May, Dmitry Medvedev and Angela Merkel attend the memorial service for the former West German leader Helmut Kohl. ](/news/2017/07/1/world-leaders-such-as-bill-clinton-emmanuel-macron-theresa-may-dmitry-medvedev-and-angela-merkel-attend-the-memorial-service-for-the-form.md) _Context: Bill Clinton_
10. [In its third strike near the town of Al-Tanf in recent weeks, the United States bombs Syrian government and allied troops, striking two out of three technical vehicles about 24 miles from the U.S. Coalition's At-Tanf base in Southern Syria. ](/news/2017/06/8/in-its-third-strike-near-the-town-of-al-tanf-in-recent-weeks-the-united-states-bombs-syrian-government-and-allied-troops-striking-two-out.md) _Context: United States_
