### [2003-01-13](/news/2003/01/13/index.md)

#  Senator Joseph Lieberman from Connecticut announced he will run in the 2004 U.S. presidential election




### Related:

1. [ Mini-Tuesday: Five states hold primaries and two states hold caucuses for the Democratic presidential nomination. U.S. Senator John Kerry of Massachusetts wins primary elections in Arizona, Delaware, New Mexico, Missouri and North Dakota, which a best result is 51 percent in Missouri. Senator John Edwards of North Carolina wins in South Carolina. Retired U.S. Army General Wesley Clark narrowly wins in Oklahoma. Former Vermont Governor Howard Dean, who opted to focus on the Michigan and Washington primaries the following Saturday, polls poorly in all these primaries, with a best result is third with 18% in New Mexico. For the first time, Kerry obtains a majority of elected delegates to the 2004 Democratic National Convention, with 244 delegates to Dean's 121, Edwards' 102 and Clark's 79. Senator Joseph Lieberman of Connecticut, having earlier announced "Joementum", comes in second in Delaware and announces his withdrawal from the race.](/news/2004/02/3/mini-tuesday-five-states-hold-primaries-and-two-states-hold-caucuses-for-the-democratic-presidential-nomination-u-s-senator-john-kerry-o.md) _Context: Connecticut, Joseph Lieberman_
2. [Libertarian nominee Gary Johnson qualifies in Connecticut giving him ballot access to 48 states. ](/news/2016/09/5/libertarian-nominee-gary-johnson-qualifies-in-connecticut-giving-him-ballot-access-to-48-states.md) _Context: Connecticut_
3. [A shooter wounds at least 13 people at a house party in Bridgeport, Connecticut. ](/news/2016/08/21/a-shooter-wounds-at-least-13-people-at-a-house-party-in-bridgeport-connecticut.md) _Context: Connecticut_
4. [The U.S. Supreme Court declines to review assault weapons bans in Connecticut and New York, as it did last December concerning Chicago, Illinois, city law. Five other states and Washington, D.C. have similar restrictions. ](/news/2016/06/20/the-u-s-supreme-court-declines-to-review-assault-weapons-bans-in-connecticut-and-new-york-as-it-did-last-december-concerning-chicago-illi.md) _Context: Connecticut_
5. [ Connecticut Senator Chris Murphy ends a nearly 15-hour filibuster after Republican Party leaders reportedly agree to allow votes on two proposed gun control measures. ](/news/2016/06/16/connecticut-senator-chris-murphy-ends-a-nearly-15-hour-filibuster-after-republican-party-leaders-reportedly-agree-to-allow-votes-on-two-pro.md) _Context: Connecticut_
6. [Voters in the U.S. states of Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island head to the polls to vote in Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. ](/news/2016/04/26/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-connecticut-delaware-maryland-pennsylvania-and-rhode-island-head-to-the-polls-to-vote-in-democratic-and-repu.md) _Context: Connecticut_
7. [Three people are missing after a Rockwell Turbo Commander turboprop plane crashes into two homes in East Haven, Connecticut, United States. ](/news/2013/08/9/three-people-are-missing-after-a-rockwell-turbo-commander-turboprop-plane-crashes-into-two-homes-in-east-haven-connecticut-united-states.md) _Context: Connecticut_
8. [Two Metro-North commuter trains collide near Bridgeport, Connecticut injuring at least 72 people and resulting in the cancellation of Amtrak services between New York City and Boston. ](/news/2013/05/17/two-metro-north-commuter-trains-collide-near-bridgeport-connecticut-injuring-at-least-72-people-and-resulting-in-the-cancellation-of-amtrak.md) _Context: Connecticut_
9. [February 2013 nor'easter: The death toll from a massive blizzard across the Northeastern United States and southeastern Canada rises to at least 15, with 40 inches of snow reported from Hamden, Connecticut. More than 900,000 customers lost power at the height of the storm, while airports in the region cancelled over 5,300 flights. ](/news/2013/02/9/february-2013-nor-easter-the-death-toll-from-a-massive-blizzard-across-the-northeastern-united-states-and-southeastern-canada-rises-to-at-l.md) _Context: Connecticut_
10. [American jazz composer and pianist Dave Brubeck dies in Connecticut at the age of 91. ](/news/2012/12/5/american-jazz-composer-and-pianist-dave-brubeck-dies-in-connecticut-at-the-age-of-91.md) _Context: Connecticut_
