### [2003-01-13](/news/2003/01/13/index.md)

#  War on Terrorism: Six more suspects were arrested in Bournemouth in England in connection with the investigation into ricin found in London. This brings the total of those arrested to eleven.




### Related:

1. [ War on Terrorism: Three more suspects have been arrested in Manchester in England in connection with the investigation into ricin found in London, although it now appears as though the raid was initially carried out as the pursuance of an investigation into immigration issues. A Special Branch police officer, Stephen Oake, was fatally stabbed during the arrests, and three other officers were also injured, one seriously. This brings the total of those arrested to fourteen.](/news/2003/01/14/war-on-terrorism-three-more-suspects-have-been-arrested-in-manchester-in-england-in-connection-with-the-investigation-into-ricin-found-in.md) _Context: War on Terrorism, ricin_
2. [ The Pentagon rejects a Russian proposal to stage joint airstrikes against Al-Qaeda linked groups in Syria. ](/news/2016/05/21/the-pentagon-rejects-a-russian-proposal-to-stage-joint-airstrikes-against-al-qaeda-linked-groups-in-syria.md) _Context: War on Terrorism_
3. [Authorities in hazardous-materials suits search a downtown Spokane, Washington apartment, investigating the recent discovery of two letters containing the deadly poison ricin. ](/news/2013/05/19/authorities-in-hazardous-materials-suits-search-a-downtown-spokane-washington-apartment-investigating-the-recent-discovery-of-two-letters.md) _Context: ricin_
4. [After release of a previous suspect without charge, an adversary of his, Everett Dutschke of Mississippi, has been arrested for mailing letters containing ricin to the President of the United States, a senator, and a federal judge. ](/news/2013/04/27/after-release-of-a-previous-suspect-without-charge-an-adversary-of-his-everett-dutschke-of-mississippi-has-been-arrested-for-mailing-lett.md) _Context: ricin_
5. [2013 ricin letters: All charges against a suspect of sending letters containing ricin to US President Barack Obama are dropped due to lack of evidence. ](/news/2013/04/23/2013-ricin-letters-all-charges-against-a-suspect-of-sending-letters-containing-ricin-to-us-president-barack-obama-are-dropped-due-to-lack-o.md) _Context: ricin_
6. [Mail to the US Senate is suspended after letter sent to U.S. Senator Roger Wicker (R-MS) tests positive for the poisonous substance ricin at an offsite Congressional mail facility. The letter is being sent to the FBI Laboratory in Quantico, Virginia, for further testing. ](/news/2013/04/16/mail-to-the-us-senate-is-suspended-after-letter-sent-to-u-s-senator-roger-wicker-r-ms-tests-positive-for-the-poisonous-substance-ricin-at.md) _Context: ricin_
7. [Four men are arrested in the U.S. state of Georgia for plotting to kill government officials with explosives and the toxic substance ricin. ](/news/2011/11/2/four-men-are-arrested-in-the-u-s-state-of-georgia-for-plotting-to-kill-government-officials-with-explosives-and-the-toxic-substance-ricin.md) _Context: ricin_
8. [ The United States Department of State's annual report on terrorism states that al-Qaeda "has reconstituted some of its pre-9/11 operational capabilities" in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan. ](/news/2008/04/30/the-united-states-department-of-state-s-annual-report-on-terrorism-states-that-al-qaeda-has-reconstituted-some-of-its-pre-9-11-operational.md) _Context: War on Terrorism_
9. [ A U.S. federal grand jury in Las Vegas, Nevada, indicts a man on charges of possessing the toxin ricin and on weapons charges. ](/news/2008/04/22/a-u-s-federal-grand-jury-in-las-vegas-nevada-indicts-a-man-on-charges-of-possessing-the-toxin-ricin-and-on-weapons-charges.md) _Context: ricin_
10. [ Ricin is found in a Las Vegas hotel room of a man who was admitted to the hospital in mid-February. The area affected is under quarantine. Officials do not suspect any relation with terrorism. ](/news/2008/02/29/ricin-is-found-in-a-las-vegas-hotel-room-of-a-man-who-was-admitted-to-the-hospital-in-mid-february-the-area-affected-is-under-quarantine.md) _Context: ricin_
