### [2005-09-2](/news/2005/09/2/index.md)

#  U.S. President George W. Bush tours the area devastated by Hurricane Katrina amidst growing criticism of his lack of leadership.  Media reports say he will not visit New Orleans. Bush said order would be restored and New Orleans would emerge from its "darkest days". 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/4208986.stm)

### Related:

1. [ United States District Court judge Stanwood Duval dismisses a class action suit against the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers over flooding from a levee breach in New Orleans, Louisiana after Hurricane Katrina. ](/news/2008/01/30/united-states-district-court-judge-stanwood-duval-dismisses-a-class-action-suit-against-the-u-s-army-corps-of-engineers-over-flooding-from.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina, New Orleans, Louisiana_
2. [ Seven policemen charged in a deadly Danziger Bridge shooting in the chaotic aftermath of Hurricane Katrina turn themselves in at a New Orleans city jail. ](/news/2007/01/2/seven-policemen-charged-in-a-deadly-danziger-bridge-shooting-in-the-chaotic-aftermath-of-hurricane-katrina-turn-themselves-in-at-a-new-orle.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina, New Orleans, Louisiana_
3. [ A report issued by the United States Army Corps of Engineers admits their responsibility for 2005 levee failures that flooded the majority of New Orleans, Louisiana in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina. ](/news/2006/06/1/a-report-issued-by-the-united-states-army-corps-of-engineers-admits-their-responsibility-for-2005-levee-failures-that-flooded-the-majority.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina, New Orleans, Louisiana_
4. [ A video obtained by the Associated Press shows U.S. President George W. Bush being warned that the levees in New Orleans could break one day before Hurricane Katrina hit. ](/news/2006/03/1/a-video-obtained-by-the-associated-press-shows-u-s-president-george-w-bush-being-warned-that-the-levees-in-new-orleans-could-break-one-da.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Hurricane Katrina_
5. [ 2005 levee failures in Greater New Orleans: An Investigations of the 17th Street Canal, whose failure flooded much of New Orleans, Louisiana in the wake of Hurricane Katrina, show that metal pilings were seven feet shallower than engineering specifications. ](/news/2005/11/10/2005-levee-failures-in-greater-new-orleans-an-investigations-of-the-17th-street-canal-whose-failure-flooded-much-of-new-orleans-louisian.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina, New Orleans, Louisiana_
6. [ Louis Farrakhan, leader of the Nation of Islam, addresses the Millions More event in Washington DC and condemns George W. Bush for the federal government's response to Hurricane Katrina. ](/news/2005/10/16/louis-farrakhan-leader-of-the-nation-of-islam-addresses-the-millions-more-event-in-washington-dc-and-condemns-george-w-bush-for-the-fede.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Hurricane Katrina_
7. [ CNN reports that the Louisiana attorney general is investigating the possibility that mercy killings of critically ill patients by staff medical professionals  at Memorial Medical Center in New Orleans, Louisiana occurred during Hurricane Katrina. ](/news/2005/10/12/cnn-reports-that-the-louisiana-attorney-general-is-investigating-the-possibility-that-mercy-killings-of-critically-ill-patients-by-staff-me.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina, New Orleans, Louisiana_
8. [  New Orleans mayor Ray Nagin again urges the city's remaining holdouts to leave the area.  New Orleans is now only 60% underwater.  The number of dead in the city could be as few as 2,000 and as many as 20,000, according to estimates. ](/news/2005/09/7/new-orleans-mayor-ray-nagin-again-urges-the-city-s-remaining-holdouts-to-leave-the-area-new-orleans-is-now-only-60-underwater-the-num.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina, New Orleans, Louisiana_
9. [  Former president Bill Clinton under pressure from Democratic party leaders criticises President George W. Bush's policies on Iraq, Hurricane Katrina and budget deficits. [http://news.yahoo.com/s/afp/20050919/ts_alt_afp/usweatheriraqeconomy_050919063222 (Yahoo News)] (Link dead as of 21:23, 14 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/09/19/former-president-bill-clinton-under-pressure-from-democratic-party-leaders-criticises-president-george-w-bush-s-policies-on-iraq-hurrica.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Hurricane Katrina_
10. [ U.S. President George W. Bush addresses the nation from Jackson Square in New Orleans saying: "We have witnessed the kind of devastation no citizen of this great and generous nation should ever have to know.  We will do what it takes and stay as long as it takes to help New Orleans to return their community and their lives." He provides the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) phone number to assist families in reuniting: 877-568-3317. ](/news/2005/09/15/u-s-president-george-w-bush-addresses-the-nation-from-jackson-square-in-new-orleans-saying-we-have-witnessed-the-kind-of-devastation-no.md) _Context: George W. Bush, New Orleans, Louisiana_
