### [2005-07-29](/news/2005/07/29/index.md)

#  Indian officials have raised the death toll of those suspected dead in the 2005 Maharashtra floods to more than 800. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/4727763.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Almost 600 people have now been officially declared dead in an outbreak of Japanese Encephalitis in India. Officials fear the actual death toll might be much higher because many deaths in rural areas are not reported. ](/news/2005/09/6/almost-600-people-have-now-been-officially-declared-dead-in-an-outbreak-of-japanese-encephalitis-in-india-officials-fear-the-actual-death.md) _Context: India, death toll_
2. [ At least 80 people have died from water-borne diseases and over 5,000 are sick in the western Indian state of Maharashtra following recent floods. ](/news/2005/08/12/at-least-80-people-have-died-from-water-borne-diseases-and-over-5-000-are-sick-in-the-western-indian-state-of-maharashtra-following-recent.md) _Context: India, recent floods_
3. [ More torrential monsoon rains have returned to Mumbai in India, as it tries to recover from the recent floods. The death toll in the floods rises to about 1,000. ](/news/2005/07/31/more-torrential-monsoon-rains-have-returned-to-mumbai-in-india-as-it-tries-to-recover-from-the-recent-floods-the-death-toll-in-the-floods.md) _Context: India, recent floods_
4. [ 2005 Maharashtra floods: The death toll from the series of heavy monsoon rains and landslides they have triggered has been raised to at least 418 people in India's western state of Maharashtra.](/news/2005/07/27/2005-maharashtra-floods-the-death-toll-from-the-series-of-heavy-monsoon-rains-and-landslides-they-have-triggered-has-been-raised-to-at-lea.md) _Context: death toll, recent floods_
5. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: India_
6. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
7. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
8. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: India_
9. [A stalemate between China and India leads to fears that the ongoing stand-off over Doklam in the Himalayas, disputed by Bhutan, may continue into the winter. It comes after rumors that Indian National Security Adviser Ajit Doval may travel to Beijing later this month. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/beijing-wont-have-formal-talks-with-india-stand-off-may-continue-till-winter-chinese-expert/articleshow/59615025.cms (Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/16/a-stalemate-between-china-and-india-leads-to-fears-that-the-ongoing-stand-off-over-doklam-in-the-himalayas-disputed-by-bhutan-may-continue.md) _Context: India_
10. [Visas given to potential entrepreneurs who are foreigners will be significantly reduced prompting fears and criticism from Silicon Valley. Many of those given visas are from India.  ](/news/2017/07/11/visas-given-to-potential-entrepreneurs-who-are-foreigners-will-be-significantly-reduced-prompting-fears-and-criticism-from-silicon-valley-m.md) _Context: India_
