### [2011-07-27](/news/2011/07/27/index.md)

# An 18 year old man in the Shetland Islands of Scotland is arrested on suspicion of launching multiple distributed denial of service attacks in association with LulzSec and Anonymous. 

An 18-year-old man is arrested in the Shetland Islands as part of an investigation into hacking groups, Anonymous and LulzSec.


### Source:

1. [BCC](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-14315442)

### Related:

1. [The Federal Bureau of Investigation arrests suspected members of the computer hacking groups LulzSec and Anonymous in the US cities of Phoenix, Arizona and San Francisco, California. ](/news/2011/09/22/the-federal-bureau-of-investigation-arrests-suspected-members-of-the-computer-hacking-groups-lulzsec-and-anonymous-in-the-us-cities-of-phoen.md) _Context: LulzSec, hacker group Anonymous_
2. [Proposed second Scottish independence referendum. Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon announces she will seek a second referendum on Scottish independence from the United Kingdom. ](/news/2017/03/13/proposed-second-scottish-independence-referendum-scotland-s-first-minister-nicola-sturgeon-announces-she-will-seek-a-second-referendum-on-s.md) _Context: Scotland_
3. [2016-17 UK and Ireland windstorm season. The Met Office issues travel warnings for parts of Wales, Scotland and England as Storm Doris, described as a -weather bomb-, brings gales, heavy rain and snow to the United Kingdom. At least one person is killed. ](/news/2017/02/23/2016-17-uk-and-ireland-windstorm-season-the-met-office-issues-travel-warnings-for-parts-of-wales-scotland-and-england-as-storm-doris-de.md) _Context: Scotland_
4. [2016-17 UK and Ireland windstorm season. The Met Office issues warnings for parts of Scotland, Northern England and Northern Ireland as Storm Barbara prepares to make landfall. ](/news/2016/12/20/2016-17-uk-and-ireland-windstorm-season-the-met-office-issues-warnings-for-parts-of-scotland-northern-england-and-northern-ireland-as-st.md) _Context: Scotland_
5. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union. Prime Minister David Cameron tells the House of Commons that legal experts advise that the UK-wide Brexit result binds the entire nation, even though Northern Ireland and Scotland voted to stay in the EU. Yesterday, both Scottish and Northern Irish representatives told the European Parliament's plenary session they will leave the UK if that is the required price to keep their homelands fully connected to Europe. ](/news/2016/06/29/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-prime-minister-david-cameron-tells-the-house-of-commons-that-legal-experts-advise-that-th.md) _Context: Scotland_
6. [A roller coaster derails and crashes at M&D's theme park in Motherwell, Scotland. Ten people are reportedly injured. ](/news/2016/06/26/a-roller-coaster-derails-and-crashes-at-m-d-s-theme-park-in-motherwell-scotland-ten-people-are-reportedly-injured.md) _Context: Scotland_
7. [Republican Party presidential candidates, 2016. The hacker group Anonymous follows through on its threat and releases candidate Donald Trump's personal information (unverified) including his Social Security number, his phone numbers, his agent and his legal representatives. ](/news/2016/03/17/republican-party-presidential-candidates-2016-the-hacker-group-anonymous-follows-through-on-its-threat-and-releases-candidate-donald-trump.md) _Context: hacker group Anonymous_
8. [2015-16 Great Britain and Ireland floods. Philip Dilley, chairman of the UK's Environment Agency resigns after receiving heavy criticism for not returning from a family holiday in Barbados during the recent heavy floods in Northern England and Scotland. ](/news/2016/01/11/2015-16-great-britain-and-ireland-floods-philip-dilley-chairman-of-the-uk-s-environment-agency-resigns-after-receiving-heavy-criticism-f.md) _Context: Scotland_
9. [2015-16 UK and Ireland windstorm season. Storm Desmond. The United Kingdom's Met Office issues two new severe weather warnings for wind and rain covering across much of Scotland and Northern England beginning 6 a.m. Wednesday. ](/news/2015/12/8/2015-16-uk-and-ireland-windstorm-season-storm-desmond-the-united-kingdom-s-met-office-issues-two-new-severe-weather-warnings-for-wind-an.md) _Context: Scotland_
10. [Hacktivist collective Anonymous declares a cyber-war on Turkey, and claims responsibility for the major week-long cyber-attack between 14 and 21 December on Turkey, which it accuses of supporting the jihadist Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), and threatened additional attacks in case the alleged support continues. -We will continue attacking your internet, your root DNS, your banks and take your government sites down,- it said. -After the root DNS, we will start to hit your airports, military assets and private state connections. We will destroy your critical banking infrastructure,- the group added. ](/news/2015/12/23/hacktivist-collective-anonymous-declares-a-cyber-war-on-turkey-and-claims-responsibility-for-the-major-week-long-cyber-attack-between-14-an.md) _Context: hacker group Anonymous_
