### [2015-11-3](/news/2015/11/3/index.md)

# 2014-15 India-Pakistan border skirmishes. At least two Indian soldiers are killed after Pakistani forces opened fire along the de facto border that divides Kashmir between the two countries. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-india-34707217)

### Related:

1. [Kashmir conflict:. India claims two of its soldiers have been killed during a gunfight with Pakistani forces in the Indian-controlled portion of Kashmir. This report comes two days after Pakistan made a similar claim of the death of one of its troops due to an Indian cross-border operation in the disputed region. ](/news/2013/01/8/kashmir-conflict-india-claims-two-of-its-soldiers-have-been-killed-during-a-gunfight-with-pakistani-forces-in-the-indian-controlled-portio.md) _Context: India, Indian Army, Kashmir, Pakistan, Pakistan army_
2. [2014-15 India-Pakistan border skirmishes. Kashmir conflict. India and Pakistan trade gunfire over the border in the disputed area of Kashmir leaving eight people killed in the past week. ](/news/2015/08/16/2014-15-india-pakistan-border-skirmishes-kashmir-conflict-india-and-pakistan-trade-gunfire-over-the-border-in-the-disputed-area-of-kas.md) _Context: 2014-15 India-Pakistan border skirmishes, India, Kashmir, Pakistan_
3. [An Indian Army soldier is reported killed and another injured along the Line of Control on the border with Pakistan in Kashmir. ](/news/2013/10/28/an-indian-army-soldier-is-reported-killed-and-another-injured-along-the-line-of-control-on-the-border-with-pakistan-in-kashmir.md) _Context: Indian Army, Kashmir, Line of Control, Pakistan_
4. [Kashmir conflict:. Pakistan claims another of its soldiers is killed from gunfire by Indian troops near the Line of Control. This is the fifth such fatality reported in the past two weeks from either of the neighboring countries who each claim the disputed territory. ](/news/2013/01/15/kashmir-conflict-pakistan-claims-another-of-its-soldiers-is-killed-from-gunfire-by-indian-troops-near-the-line-of-control-this-is-the-fif.md) _Context: India, Kashmir, Line of Control, Pakistan_
5. [Pakistani forces fire on Indian posts along the border along the Line of Control in the Poonch district of the disputed Kashmir region, in a second ceasefire violation since December 29. ](/news/2011/01/3/pakistani-forces-fire-on-indian-posts-along-the-border-along-the-line-of-control-in-the-poonch-district-of-the-disputed-kashmir-region-in-a.md) _Context: India, Kashmir, Line of Control, Pakistan army_
6. [Kashmir conflict. At least three Pakistan Army soldiers are killed by the Indian Army, while separate clashes kill three Indian Army soldiers and one suspected militant, at the Line of Control. ](/news/2017/02/14/kashmir-conflict-at-least-three-pakistan-army-soldiers-are-killed-by-the-indian-army-while-separate-clashes-kill-three-indian-army-soldier.md) _Context: Indian Army, Line of Control, Pakistan army_
7. [India-Pakistan relations. Pakistan accuses eight Indian diplomats of espionage and terrorism amid rising tensions concerning Kashmir. India says it rejects these allegations. The six Pakistani diplomats withdrawn from India last week were reported to have been accused of spying. ](/news/2016/11/3/india-pakistan-relations-pakistan-accuses-eight-indian-diplomats-of-espionage-and-terrorism-amid-rising-tensions-concerning-kashmir-india.md) _Context: India, Kashmir, Pakistan_
8. [2016 India-Pakistan military confrontation. Kashmir conflict. Pakistani Chief of Air Staff Sohail Aman warns India not to escalate tensions in the disputed territory of Kashmir under the threat of a full-scale war. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson urges both sides to restrain themselves while on a diplomatic mission to Islamabad. ](/news/2016/11/24/2016-india-pakistan-military-confrontation-kashmir-conflict-pakistani-chief-of-air-staff-sohail-aman-warns-india-not-to-escalate-tension.md) _Context: India, Kashmir, Pakistan_
9. [2016 India-Pakistan military confrontation. Pakistan Army's Inter-Services Public Relations (ISPR) reports seven Pakistani soldiers have been killed by Indian cross-border shelling in Bhimber District, Azad Kashmir. ](/news/2016/11/14/2016-india-pakistan-military-confrontation-pakistan-army-s-inter-services-public-relations-ispr-reports-seven-pakistani-soldiers-have-b.md) _Context: India, Pakistan, Pakistan army_
10. [India-Pakistan relations. India and Pakistan each expel a diplomat from the other country as tensions grow over Kashmir. ](/news/2016/10/27/india-pakistan-relations-india-and-pakistan-each-expel-a-diplomat-from-the-other-country-as-tensions-grow-over-kashmir.md) _Context: India, Kashmir, Pakistan_
