### [2015-11-3](/news/2015/11/3/index.md)

# China-United States relations. In a Peking University speech in Beijing, US Pacific Command commander, Admiral Harry Harris, says the U.S. Navy-s freedom-of-navigation patrols in the South China Sea are routine operations intended to demonstrate respect for international law principles. Harris reiterated they should not be construed as a threat to any country while emphasizing America's common ground with China. 

The U.S.’s Pacific Fleet commander vowed in a Beijing speech to continue patrols in waters claimed by China in the South China Sea while emphasizing common ground with the country.


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-11-03/south-china-sea-patrols-no-threat-u-s-admiral-says-in-beijing)
2. [South China Morning Post](http://www.scmp.com/news/china/diplomacy-defence/article/1875156/regular-not-poke-eye-us-navy-plans-two-or-more-patrols)

### Related:

1. [China-United States relations. At an event hosted by Center for Strategic and International Studies, Foreign Minister Wang Yi expresses China's concerns that the planned deployment of the THAAD missile defense system and the X band radar for which the South Korea and the United States have started talks to secure its approval in order to counter the growing threat of North Korea's weapons capabilities could jeopardize the country's "legitimate national security interests." At the Pentagon, Harry Harris, the commander of U.S. forces in the Pacific, said that if China wanted to prevent consideration of the THAAD system's deployment, it should lean on Pyongyang saying, "If China wanted to exert a lot of influence on somebody to prevent THAAD from being considered going into Korea, then they should exert that influence on North Korea." ](/news/2016/02/25/china-united-states-relations-at-an-event-hosted-by-center-for-strategic-and-international-studies-foreign-minister-wang-yi-expresses-ch.md) _Context: China, China-United States relations, Harry Harris, United States_
2. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. China-United States relations. As a result of talks between U.S. Chief of Naval Operations Admiral John Richardson and Chinese Commander of the People's Liberation Army Navy Admiral Wu Shengli about a U.S. warship's transit with 12 nautical miles of China's man-made islands in the South China Sea, the United States and China agree to maintain dialogue and follow Code for Unplanned Encounters at Sea protocols, according to a U.S. official. ](/news/2015/10/29/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-china-united-states-relations-as-a-result-of-talks-between-u-s-chief-of-naval-operations-ad.md) _Context: China, China-United States relations, South China Sea, United States_
3. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. China-United States relations. A United States Navy ship, the USS "Lassen", sails near the Spratly Islands, challenging Beijing's claim that the islands are Chinese territory. China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs strongly condemned the actions of the United States in the South China Sea, saying -China will firmly react to this deliberate provocation". ](/news/2015/10/27/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-china-united-states-relations-a-united-states-navy-ship-the-uss-lassen-sails-near-the-sp.md) _Context: China, China-United States relations, South China Sea, United States_
4. [China-United States relations. The People's Republic of China returns a United States unmanned underwater drone that it seized in the South China Sea last week. ](/news/2016/12/20/china-united-states-relations-the-people-s-republic-of-china-returns-a-united-states-unmanned-underwater-drone-that-it-seized-in-the-sout.md) _Context: China-United States relations, South China Sea, United States_
5. [China-United States relations. The Chinese Defense Ministry says it is in talks with the United States about returning an underwater drone taken Thursday from the South China Sea. The Pentagon says the drone, used for gathering weather and temperature data, is not armed. ](/news/2016/12/17/china-united-states-relations-the-chinese-defense-ministry-says-it-is-in-talks-with-the-united-states-about-returning-an-underwater-drone.md) _Context: China-United States relations, South China Sea, United States_
6. [China-United States relations. Spratly Islands dispute. China's People's Liberation Army Navy seizes an underwater drone deployed by USNS "Bowditch" in the South China Sea; the United States files a formal diplomatic protest and a demand for its return. ](/news/2016/12/16/china-united-states-relations-spratly-islands-dispute-china-s-people-s-liberation-army-navy-seizes-an-underwater-drone-deployed-by-usns.md) _Context: China, China-United States relations, South China Sea_
7. [International reactions to Philippines v. China. China threatens the United States regarding the South China Sea and it will not accept a verdict in the Permanent Court of Arbitration. ](/news/2016/07/6/international-reactions-to-philippines-v-china-china-threatens-the-united-states-regarding-the-south-china-sea-and-it-will-not-accept-a-ve.md) _Context: China, South China Sea, United States_
8. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. Admiral John Richardson says the United States has seen Chinese activity around Scarborough Shoal, which China seized from the Philippines nearly four years ago, in the northern part of the Spratly archipelago of the South China Sea. An international court ruling on a case brought by the Philippines against China over its South China Sea claims is expected within a month. ](/news/2016/03/17/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-admiral-john-richardson-says-the-united-states-has-seen-chinese-activity-around-scarborough-sho.md) _Context: China, South China Sea, United States_
9. [The United States agrees with Singapore on a first deployment of the U.S. P8 Poseidon surveillance aircraft in Singapore this month, in a fresh response to China over its pursuit of territorial claims in the South China Sea. ](/news/2015/12/8/the-united-states-agrees-with-singapore-on-a-first-deployment-of-the-u-s-p8-poseidon-surveillance-aircraft-in-singapore-this-month-in-a-fr.md) _Context: China, South China Sea, United States_
10. [Australia, the UK, France, and the United States, all issue security alerts for westerners in Sanlitun in the Chaoyang District of Beijing, a popular diplomatic and entertainment district. Chinese officials indicate they have taken appropriate measures in response to this information. ](/news/2015/12/24/australia-the-uk-france-and-the-united-states-all-issue-security-alerts-for-westerners-in-sanlitun-in-the-chaoyang-district-of-beijing.md) _Context: Beijing, China, United States_
