### [2015-11-3](/news/2015/11/3/index.md)

#  German Chancellor Angela Merkel announces a plan to register and distribute incoming refugees evenly throughout the European Union. Refugees would be stopped at EU borders, have their application processed, and then, if accepted, sent to one of the Union's 28 member states. 

German Chancellor Angela Merkel announced a plan to register and distribute incoming refugees evenly throughout the European Union.


### Source:

1. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/World-News/2015/11/03/Germanys-Merkel-announces-plan-to-distribute-refugees-throughout-EU/1601446575770/?spt=mps&or=2)

### Related:

1. [German Chancellor Angela Merkel, European Council President Donald Tusk, and European Commission Vice-President Frans Timmermans meet with Syrian refugees at a camp in the southeastern Turkish town of Nizip prior to talks with a delegation led by Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu. Davutoglu stresses the importance of implementation of European Union visa liberalization for Turkish citizens in assuring the success of Europe's migrant readmission agreement with his country. Tusk announces that the EU will spend 1 billion euros ($1.1 billion) this summer on projects to improve the lives of Syrian migrants. ](/news/2016/04/23/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-european-council-president-donald-tusk-and-european-commission-vice-president-frans-timmermans-meet-with-s.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, European Union, European migrant crisis, German Chancellor_
2. [Germany announces plans to start deporting newly-arrived migrants to Greece starting in March. According to EU's Dublin Regulation, asylum seekers must file for asylum in the member state they arrived in. ](/news/2017/01/12/germany-announces-plans-to-start-deporting-newly-arrived-migrants-to-greece-starting-in-march-according-to-eu-s-dublin-regulation-asylum-s.md) _Context: European Union, European migrant crisis, member states_
3. [European Union leaders advise the United Kingdom that, after their EU exit, to retain access to the bloc's lucrative single market, the UK must allow free movement for EU workers. German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Francois Hollande reiterated that freedom of movement of EU citizens is non-negotiable. ](/news/2016/06/29/european-union-leaders-advise-the-united-kingdom-that-after-their-eu-exit-to-retain-access-to-the-bloc-s-lucrative-single-market-the-uk-m.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, European Union, German Chancellor_
4. [On the eve of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) party's convention in Karlsruhe, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel says, "We want to noticeably reduce the number of people who come to us, but not through unilateral national measures alone." She acknowledges the crisis could overwhelm Germany if it went on much longer. Merkel warded off pressure from immigration skeptics within the CDU to include a quota in the refugee policy motion the convention will vote on. ](/news/2015/12/13/on-the-eve-of-the-christian-democratic-union-cdu-party-s-convention-in-karlsruhe-chancellor-of-germany-angela-merkel-says-we-want-to-no.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, European migrant crisis, German Chancellor_
5. [German Chancellor Angela Merkel asserts she still isn't prepared to name an upper limit to the number of refugees who can come to Germany, despite mounting domestic political pressure. ](/news/2015/11/13/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-asserts-she-still-isn-t-prepared-to-name-an-upper-limit-to-the-number-of-refugees-who-can-come-to-germany-d.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, European migrant crisis, German Chancellor_
6. [The Chancellor of Germany, Angela Merkel, announces the possibility of further sanctions from the European Union against Russia for the invasion and annexation of Crimea. ](/news/2014/03/20/the-chancellor-of-germany-angela-merkel-announces-the-possibility-of-further-sanctions-from-the-european-union-against-russia-for-the-inva.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, European Union, German Chancellor_
7. [British Prime Minister David Cameron travels to Berlin to discuss his demands for sweeping reform of the European Union with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. ](/news/2013/04/12/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-travels-to-berlin-to-discuss-his-demands-for-sweeping-reform-of-the-european-union-with-german-chancell.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, European Union, German Chancellor_
8. [Nicolas Sarkozy, the President of France, and Angela Merkel, the Chancellor of Germany, call for a new European Union Treaty to help prevent future Eurozone crises. ](/news/2011/12/5/nicolas-sarkozy-the-president-of-france-and-angela-merkel-the-chancellor-of-germany-call-for-a-new-european-union-treaty-to-help-prevent.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, European Union, German Chancellor_
9. [Georgia's visa-free regime, which allows travel to most member states of the European Union, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom, enters into force. ](/news/2017/03/28/georgia-s-visa-free-regime-which-allows-travel-to-most-member-states-of-the-european-union-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-ki.md) _Context: European Union, member states_
10. [The European Union formally grants Georgian citizens visa-free travel to its member states, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom. The signed documents will be published on March 8, and officially enter into force on March 28. ](/news/2017/03/1/the-european-union-formally-grants-georgian-citizens-visa-free-travel-to-its-member-states-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-kin.md) _Context: European Union, member states_
