
Formats: [HTML](/news/2015/11/3/in-a-peking-university-speech-in-beijing-us-pacific-command-commander-admiral-harry-harris-says-the-u-s-navyas-freedom-of-navigation-p.html)  [JSON](/news/2015/11/3/in-a-peking-university-speech-in-beijing-us-pacific-command-commander-admiral-harry-harris-says-the-u-s-navyas-freedom-of-navigation-p.json)  [XML](/news/2015/11/3/in-a-peking-university-speech-in-beijing-us-pacific-command-commander-admiral-harry-harris-says-the-u-s-navyas-freedom-of-navigation-p.xml)  

### [2015-11-3](/news/2015/11/3/index.md)

##### China-United States relations
# In a Peking University speech in Beijing, US Pacific Command commander, Admiral Harry Harris, says the U.S. Navy's freedom-of-navigation patrols in the South China Sea are routine operations intended to demonstrate respect for international law principles. Harris reiterated they should not be construed as a threat to any country while emphasizing America's common ground with China. 

The U.S.’s Pacific Fleet commander vowed in a Beijing speech to continue patrols in waters claimed by China in the South China Sea while emphasizing common ground with the country.


### Sources:

1. [Bloomberg](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-11-03/south-china-sea-patrols-no-threat-u-s-admiral-says-in-beijing)
2. [South China Morning Post](http://www.scmp.com/news/china/diplomacy-defence/article/1875156/regular-not-poke-eye-us-navy-plans-two-or-more-patrols)
2. [Cover Image](https://assets.bwbx.io/s3/javelin/public/javelin/images/social-default-a4f15fa7ee.jpg)

### Changes:

1. [China-United States relations In a Peking University speech in Beijing, US Pacific Command commander, Admiral Harry Harris, says the U.S. Navy's freedom-of-navigation patrols in the South China Sea are routine operations intended to demonstrate respect for international law principles. Harris reiterated they should not be construed as a threat to any country while emphasizing America's common ground with China. ](/news/2015/11/3/chinaaunited-states-relations-pin-a-peking-university-speech-in-beijing-us-pacific-command-commander-admiral-harry-harris-says-the-u-s.md) _2017-05-25 03:45:31 (First version)_
2. [In a Peking University speech in Beijing, US Pacific Command commander, Admiral Harry Harris, says the U.S. Navy's freedom-of-navigation patrols in the South China Sea are routine operations intended to demonstrate respect for international law principles. Harris reiterated they should not be construed as a threat to any country while emphasizing America's common ground with China. ](/news/2015/11/3/in-a-peking-university-speech-in-beijing-us-pacific-command-commander-admiral-harry-harris-says-the-u-s-navyas-freedom-of-navigation.md) _2017-08-25 03:43:21 (Update)_
3. [China-United States relations: In a Peking University speech in Beijing, US Pacific Command commander, Admiral Harry Harris, says the U.S. Navy-s freedom-of-navigation patrols in the South China Sea are routine operations intended to demonstrate respect for international law principles. Harris reiterated they should not be construed as a threat to any country while emphasizing America's common ground with China. ](/news/2015/11/3/china-united-states-relations-in-a-peking-university-speech-in-beijing-us-pacific-command-commander-admiral-harry-harris-says-the-u-s.md) _2017-08-27 03:43:40 (Update)_
3. [In a Peking University speech in Beijing, US Pacific Command commander, Admiral Harry Harris, says the U.S. Navy's freedom-of-navigation patrols in the South China Sea are routine operations intended to demonstrate respect for international law principles. Harris reiterated they should not be construed as a threat to any country while emphasizing America's common ground with China. ](/news/2015/11/3/in-a-peking-university-speech-in-beijing-us-pacific-command-commander-admiral-harry-harris-says-the-u-s-navyas-freedom-of-navigation-p.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [At an event hosted by Center for Strategic and International Studies, Foreign Minister Wang Yi expresses China's concerns that the planned deployment of the THAAD missile defense system and the X band radar for which the South Korea and the United States have started talks to secure its approval in order to counter the growing threat of North Korea's weapons capabilities could jeopardize the country's "legitimate national security interests." At the Pentagon, Harry Harris, the commander of U.S. forces in the Pacific, said that if China wanted to prevent consideration of the THAAD system's deployment, it should lean on Pyongyang saying, "If China wanted to exert a lot of influence on somebody to prevent THAAD from being considered going into Korea, then they should exert that influence on North Korea." ](/news/2016/02/25/at-an-event-hosted-by-center-for-strategic-and-international-studies-foreign-minister-wang-yi-expresses-china-s-concerns-that-the-planned-d.md) _Context: China, China-United States relations, Harry Harris, United States_
2. [As a result of talks between U.S. Chief of Naval Operations Admiral John Richardson and Chinese Commander of the People's Liberation Army Navy Admiral Wu Shengli about a U.S. warship's transit with 12 nautical miles of China's man-made islands in the South China Sea, the United States and China agree to maintain dialogue and follow Code for Unplanned Encounters at Sea protocols, according to a U.S. official. ](/news/2015/10/29/as-a-result-of-talks-between-u-s-chief-of-naval-operations-admiral-john-richardson-and-chinese-commander-of-the-people-s-liberation-army-na.md) _Context: China, China-United States relations, South China Sea, United States_
3. [A United States Navy ship, the USS "Lassen", sails near the Spratly Islands, challenging Beijing's claim that the islands are Chinese territory. China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs strongly condemned the actions of the United States in the South China Sea, saying "China will firmly react to this deliberate provocation". ](/news/2015/10/27/a-united-states-navy-ship-the-uss-lassen-sails-near-the-spratly-islands-challenging-beijing-s-claim-that-the-islands-are-chinese-territ.md) _Context: China, China-United States relations, South China Sea, United States_
4. [The People's Republic of China returns a United States unmanned underwater drone that it seized in the South China Sea last week. ](/news/2016/12/20/the-people-s-republic-of-china-returns-a-united-states-unmanned-underwater-drone-that-it-seized-in-the-south-china-sea-last-week.md) _Context: China-United States relations, South China Sea, United States_
5. [The Chinese Defense Ministry says it is in talks with the United States about returning an underwater drone taken Thursday from the South China Sea. The Pentagon says the drone, used for gathering weather and temperature data, is not armed. ](/news/2016/12/17/the-chinese-defense-ministry-says-it-is-in-talks-with-the-united-states-about-returning-an-underwater-drone-taken-thursday-from-the-south-ch.md) _Context: China-United States relations, South China Sea, United States_
