### [2015-11-3](/news/2015/11/3/index.md)

# Japan has delivered two more ships to Vietnam that will be refurbished into patrol boats. The ships, which arrived in the port city of Da Nang, are the second delivery of a 2014 deal in which Tokyo is to provide Vietnam with six used fishing vessels that will be converted into patrol boats for Vietnam's coast guard in the South China Sea. 




### Source:

1. [Voice of America](http://www.voanews.com/content/japan-donates-patrol-boats-to-vietnam-south-china-sea-tensions/3035300.html)

### Related:

1. [Vietnam is reported to be preparing for a possible military conflict with China over territorial claims in the South China Sea. ](/news/2015/12/20/vietnam-is-reported-to-be-preparing-for-a-possible-military-conflict-with-china-over-territorial-claims-in-the-south-china-sea.md) _Context: South China Sea, Vietnam, disputed_
2. [Japan's prime minister Shinzo Abe says he is considering sending Japanese Navy warships to the South China Sea to back-up U.S. naval operations, saying, "With regard to activity by the Self-Defense Forces in the South China Sea, I will consider it while focusing on what effect the situation has on Japan's security." In response, China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesperson, Hong Lei, told Chinese state media that China will remain on "high alert for intervention by Japan in the South China Sea issue". ](/news/2015/11/21/japan-s-prime-minister-shinza-abe-says-he-is-considering-sending-japanese-navy-warships-to-the-south-china-sea-to-back-up-u-s-naval-operat.md) _Context: Japan, South China Sea, disputed_
3. [''Philippines v. China''The Philippines asks the International Court of Arbitration at The Hague to invalidate China's claims to virtually all of the South China Sea. The hearing was attended by observers from Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, Thailand, and Vietnam. ](/news/2015/07/9/philippines-v-china-pthe-philippines-asks-the-international-court-of-arbitration-at-the-hague-to-invalidate-china-s-claims-to-virtually.md) _Context: Japan, South China Sea, Vietnam_
4. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea:China says it will open disputed Paracel Islands in the South China Sea to tourism before the May Day holiday, a move to which Vietnam is strongly opposed, as the United States expresses concern. ](/news/2013/04/7/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-pchina-says-it-will-open-disputed-paracel-islands-in-the-south-china-sea-to-tourism-before-the-m.md) _Context: South China Sea, Vietnam, disputed_
5. [China's defense ministry criticizes the United States for allegedly increasing tensions in the Asia-Pacific region by increasing its military presence and supporting Japan, the Philippines and Vietnam in longstanding territorial disputes. ](/news/2013/04/16/china-s-defense-ministry-criticizes-the-united-states-for-allegedly-increasing-tensions-in-the-asia-pacific-region-by-increasing-its-militar.md) _Context: Japan, Vietnam, disputed_
6. [Vietnam accuses a Chinese vessel of firing on one of its fishing boats in disputed waters in the South China Sea, setting it on fire. ](/news/2013/03/26/vietnam-accuses-a-chinese-vessel-of-firing-on-one-of-its-fishing-boats-in-disputed-waters-in-the-south-china-sea-setting-it-on-fire.md) _Context: South China Sea, Vietnam, disputed_
7. [The Obama administration agrees to have the United States Armed Forces assist Japan on conducting joint patrols in the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/09/16/the-obama-administration-agrees-to-have-the-united-states-armed-forces-assist-japan-on-conducting-joint-patrols-in-the-south-china-sea.md) _Context: Japan, South China Sea_
8. [China's People's Liberation Army Air Force says it has conducted "combat patrols" near the disputed Spratly Islands and Scarborough Shoal in the South China Sea as part of an effort to normalize such drills and respond to security threats. Xian H-6 strategic bombers and Su-30 fighter jets took part in the patrols, according to Xinhua News Agency. ](/news/2016/08/6/china-s-people-s-liberation-army-air-force-says-it-has-conducted-combat-patrols-near-the-disputed-spratly-islands-and-scarborough-shoal-in.md) _Context: South China Sea, disputed_
9. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea, ''Philippines v. China''Vietnamese police bus away about two dozen would-be protestors who gathered at Hoan Kiem Lake in central Hanoi to rally in support of the Permanent Court of Arbitration's South China Sea decision, and against China's rejection of the tribunal's ruling. This preemptive action, in effect, squashed the No-U group protest. ](/news/2016/07/17/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-philippines-v-china-pvietnamese-police-bus-away-about-two-dozen-would-be-protestors-who-gat.md) _Context: South China Sea, disputed_
10. [''Philippines v. China''The Permanent Court of Arbitration rules in favor of the Philippines against China over territorial disputes in the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/07/12/philippines-v-china-pthe-permanent-court-of-arbitration-rules-in-favor-of-the-philippines-against-china-over-territorial-disputes-in-the.md) _Context: South China Sea, disputed_
