### [2015-11-3](/news/2015/11/3/index.md)

# ""Ravaged by months of war, Yemen now gets battered by the first tropical storm on record to make landfall"." Extremely Severe Cyclonic Storm Chapala slams into Yemen's central coast, with maximum sustained winds of around 140 kph (85 mph) -- the equivalent of a Category 1 hurricane. The storm floods coastal areas, brings down electricity lines and destroys houses, with severe threat of mudslides. Chapala is expected to pour over two or three years worth of rain, up to 300 millimeters (12 inches), in a single day. 

The Yemen Post newspaper described the city of Al Mukallah as being &#x201c;under water&#x201d;, saying on Twitter that Chapala &#x201c;drowns city with 40 inches of water&#x201d;.


### Source:

1. [Abu Dhabi Media](http://www.thenational.ae/world/middle-east/enormous-damage-as-yemen-hit-by-worst-cyclone-in-decades)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2015/11/03/middleeast/yemen-tropical-cyclone-chapala/)
2. [Cover Image](http://www.thenational.ae/storyimage/AB/20151104/ARTICLE/151109619/AR/0/AR-151109619.jpg)

### Related:

1. [At least one person is killed after Cyclone Chapala hits Yemen's Socotra island in the Indian Ocean with flooding reported in Hadibu, the provincial capital. The severe cyclone is expected to cause considerable damage when it makes landfall on Yemeni mainland. ](/news/2015/11/2/at-least-one-person-is-killed-after-cyclone-chapala-hits-yemen-s-socotra-island-in-the-indian-ocean-with-flooding-reported-in-hadibu-the-pr.md) _Context: 2015 North Indian Ocean cyclone season, Extremely Severe Cyclonic Storm Chapala, Yemen_
2. [Cyclone Chapala intensifies in the Arabian Sea as it heads towards Yemen and Oman which rarely experience tropical cyclones. The cyclone is expected to dump two years worth of rain on the normally arid Arabian Peninsula in two days. ](/news/2015/10/30/cyclone-chapala-intensifies-in-the-arabian-sea-as-it-heads-towards-yemen-and-oman-which-rarely-experience-tropical-cyclones-the-cyclone-is.md) _Context: 2015 North Indian Ocean cyclone season, Extremely Severe Cyclonic Storm Chapala, Yemen_
3. [Houthi forces claim to have shot down a U.S. MQ-9 Reaper drone over the Yemeni capital Sana'a. Footage released by Saba News Agency appears to show crowds gathering around the wreckage of an aircraft. ](/news/2017/10/1/houthi-forces-claim-to-have-shot-down-a-u-s-mq-9-reaper-drone-over-the-yemeni-capital-sana-a-footage-released-by-saba-news-agency-appears.md) _Context: Yemen_
4. [An American UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter on a training mission crashes off the coast of Yemen with six aboard, five of whom have been rescued. The search continues for the other U.S. service member. ](/news/2017/08/25/an-american-uh-60-black-hawk-helicopter-on-a-training-mission-crashes-off-the-coast-of-yemen-with-six-aboard-five-of-whom-have-been-rescued.md) _Context: Yemen_
5. [At least 35 people are killed in an air strike that hit a hotel near a Houthi-run checkpoint north of the Yemeni capital Sanaa. ](/news/2017/08/23/at-least-35-people-are-killed-in-an-air-strike-that-hit-a-hotel-near-a-houthi-run-checkpoint-north-of-the-yemeni-capital-sanaa.md) _Context: Yemen_
6. [At least 56 African migrants drown in the Red Sea while traveling from the Horn of Africa to Yemen. Human traffickers had forced 300 people aboard two boats into the sea. ](/news/2017/08/11/at-least-56-african-migrants-drown-in-the-red-sea-while-traveling-from-the-horn-of-africa-to-yemen-human-traffickers-had-forced-300-people.md) _Context: Yemen_
7. [The United Nations International Organization for Migration reports, over the last two days in two incidents, smugglers have thrown 280 migrants from Ethiopia and other Horn of Africa countries into the sea off the coast of Yemen. More than 50 refugees have drowned with over 30 people still missing. ](/news/2017/08/10/the-united-nations-international-organization-for-migration-reports-over-the-last-two-days-in-two-incidents-smugglers-have-thrown-280-migr.md) _Context: Yemen_
8. [Thousands of supporters of Yemen's secessionists rally in the southern city of Aden, backing a new group led by former head of Aden Governorate Aidarus al-Zoubaidi that advocates for autonomy of the country's south. ](/news/2017/07/7/thousands-of-supporters-of-yemen-s-secessionists-rally-in-the-southern-city-of-aden-backing-a-new-group-led-by-former-head-of-aden-governor.md) _Context: Yemen_
9. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Yemen_
10. [The number of the cholera outbreak cases in Yemen passes 200,000, with over 1,300 deaths so far. There are an estimated 5,000 new cases every day. ](/news/2017/06/24/the-number-of-the-cholera-outbreak-cases-in-yemen-passes-200-000-with-over-1-300-deaths-so-far-there-are-an-estimated-5-000-new-cases-ever.md) _Context: Yemen_
