### [2015-11-3](/news/2015/11/3/index.md)

# The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports Russia conducted multiple airstrikes on ISIS-held Palmyra. 

Suspected Russian warplanes bombed the outskirts of Islamic State-held Palmyra on Monday, sending smoke rising out of an area that includes a historic castle overlooking the Syrian city&#039;s Roman ruins, activists said.


### Source:

1. [Air Force Times](http://www.airforcetimes.com/story/military/2015/11/02/activists-suspected-russian-jets-hit-syrias-palmyra/75056436/)
2. [The Daily Star](https://www.dailystar.com.lb/News/Middle-East/2015/Nov-03/321458-russia-says-has-hit-2084-militant-targets-so-far-in-syria-agencies.ashx)

### Related:

1. [ISIL militants execute 12 people in Palmyra, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2017/01/19/isil-militants-execute-12-people-in-palmyra-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights.md) _Context: Palmyra, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
2. [ISIL recaptures the Syrian city of Palmyra despite heavy Russian airstrikes, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and Palmyra Coordination Committee (PCC). ](/news/2016/12/11/isil-recaptures-the-syrian-city-of-palmyra-despite-heavy-russian-airstrikes-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-and-palmyr.md) _Context: Palmyra, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
3. [The SOHR and Amaq announce that ISIL has captured an oil field north-west of Palmyra. ](/news/2016/12/10/the-sohr-and-amaq-announce-that-isil-has-captured-an-oil-field-north-west-of-palmyra.md) _Context: Palmyra, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
4. [Syrian troops advance into Palmyra on multiple fronts with the help of Russian airstrikes and take several neighbourhoods, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. However they were unable to encircle the city. ](/news/2016/03/26/syrian-troops-advance-into-palmyra-on-multiple-fronts-with-the-help-of-russian-airstrikes-and-take-several-neighbourhoods-according-to-the.md) _Context: Palmyra, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
5. [Airstrikes by Syrian or Russian warplanes on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah in northern Syria, leaves at least 39 people dead, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. Airstrikes on the city of Palmyra and nearby villages are said to have killed at least 18 ISIL militants, as the Syrian Army advance on the city. ](/news/2016/03/19/airstrikes-by-syrian-or-russian-warplanes-on-isil-s-de-facto-capital-al-raqqah-in-northern-syria-leaves-at-least-39-people-dead-according.md) _Context: Palmyra, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
6. [Russian airstrikes on a Al-Nusra Front (Al-Qaeda's branch in Syria)-run prison complex in the northern town of Maarrat al-Nu'man, Idlib, leaves nearly 60 people dead. Most of those killed were rebels imprisoned by Al-Nusra, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2016/01/9/russian-airstrikes-on-a-al-nusra-front-al-qaeda-s-branch-in-syria-run-prison-complex-in-the-northern-town-of-maarrat-al-nu-man-idlib-lea.md) _Context: Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
7. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports the Islamic State, on Sunday, executed three detainees in the ancient Syrian city of Palmyra by strapping them to pillars and blowing them up with the antiquities. ISIL has yet to tell locals the identities of the three individuals or say why they had been killed. ](/news/2015/10/27/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-the-islamic-state-on-sunday-executed-three-detainees-in-the-ancient-syrian-city-of-palmyra.md) _Context: Palmyra, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
8. [United States Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter indicates a more robust role ahead for the United States military in bolstering indigenous forces countering ISIS and in response to Russia's increasing role in Middle East conflicts. ](/news/2015/10/26/united-states-secretary-of-defense-ashton-carter-indicates-a-more-robust-role-ahead-for-the-united-states-military-in-bolstering-indigenous.md) _Context: ISIS, Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Following Russian airstrikes, the Syrian army and allied Lebanese Hezbollah militia take control of a highland area in Idlib province close to insurgent-held positions, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2015/10/11/following-russian-airstrikes-the-syrian-army-and-allied-lebanese-hezbollah-militia-take-control-of-a-highland-area-in-idlib-province-close.md) _Context: Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
10. [Russian airstrikes on several ferries attempting to cross the Euphrates near Deir ez-Zor kill at least 34 civilians, including 9 children, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2017/09/10/russian-airstrikes-on-several-ferries-attempting-to-cross-the-euphrates-near-deir-ez-zor-kill-at-least-34-civilians-including-9-children-a.md) _Context: Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
