
Formats: [HTML](/news/2015/11/3/the-u-s-department-of-educationas-office-for-civil-rights-ocr-issues-a-two-year-investigative-report-finding-the-palatine-illinois-sc.html)  [JSON](/news/2015/11/3/the-u-s-department-of-educationas-office-for-civil-rights-ocr-issues-a-two-year-investigative-report-finding-the-palatine-illinois-sc.json)  [XML](/news/2015/11/3/the-u-s-department-of-educationas-office-for-civil-rights-ocr-issues-a-two-year-investigative-report-finding-the-palatine-illinois-sc.xml)  

### [2015-11-3](/news/2015/11/3/index.md)

##### Department of Education
# The U.S. Department of Education's Office for Civil Rights (OCR) issues a two-year investigative report finding the Palatine, Illinois, school district unfairly denied a transgender teenager -- who was undergoing hormone therapy but had not undergone gender reassignment surgery -- access to school facilities in violation of Title IX, that bars discrimination in federally funded education programs, causing her "isolation," "ostracism" and at least one "tearful breakdown." The school district has 30 days to reach an agreement with authorities or risk losing up to $6 million in federal funding and case-referral to the Department of Justice. The "Washington Post" report called this "The Palatine standoff". 

Federal authorities on Monday declared that officials at Illinois&apos; largest high school district violated federal law by barring a transgender student from using the girls&apos; locker room.


### Sources:

1. [Chicago Tribune](http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/ct-transgender-student-federal-ruling-met-20151102-story.html)
2. [DOE report](http://www.chicagotribune.com/ct-doe-report-on-district-211-20151102-htmlstory.html)
3. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/morning-mix/wp/2015/11/03/feds-say-illinois-school-district-broke-law-by-banning-trans-student-from-girls-locker-room/)
3. [Cover Image](http://www.trbimg.com/img-5637ecdc/turbine/ct-transgender-student-federal-ruling-met-20151102)

### Changes:

1. [The U.S. Department of Education-s Office for Civil Rights (OCR) issues a two-year investigative report finding the Palatine, Illinois, school district unfairly denied a transgender teenager - who was undergoing hormone therapy but had not undergone gender reassignment surgery - access to school facilities in violation of Title IX, that bars discrimination in federally funded education programs, causing her -isolation,- -ostracism- and at least one -tearful breakdown.- The school district has 30 days to reach an agreement with authorities or risk losing up to $6 million in federal funding and case-referral to the Department of Justice. The "Washington Post" report called this "The Palatine standoff". ](/news/2015/11/3/the-u-s-department-of-education-s-office-for-civil-rights-ocr-issues-a-two-year-investigative-report-finding-the-palatine-illinois-sc.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:28 (First version)_
1. [The U.S. Department of Education's Office for Civil Rights (OCR) issues a two-year investigative report finding the Palatine, Illinois, school district unfairly denied a transgender teenager -- who was undergoing hormone therapy but had not undergone gender reassignment surgery -- access to school facilities in violation of Title IX, that bars discrimination in federally funded education programs, causing her "isolation," "ostracism" and at least one "tearful breakdown." The school district has 30 days to reach an agreement with authorities or risk losing up to $6 million in federal funding and case-referral to the Department of Justice. The "Washington Post" report called this "The Palatine standoff". ](/news/2015/11/3/the-u-s-department-of-educationas-office-for-civil-rights-ocr-issues-a-two-year-investigative-report-finding-the-palatine-illinois-sc.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [The United States Education and Justice Departments advise U.S. public school districts across the country to allow transgender students to use the bathrooms that match their gender identity, rather than their gender at birth. The new guidance comes as Justice and North Carolina battle in federal court over the state's new so-called bathroom bill. ](/news/2016/05/13/the-united-states-education-and-justice-departments-advise-u-s-public-school-districts-across-the-country-to-allow-transgender-students-to.md) _Context: Department of Education, Department of Justice, transgender_
2. [The Trump administration, through the Department of Justice, reverses an Obama-era policy which used Title VII of the Civil Rights Act to protect transgender employees from discrimination. ](/news/2017/10/5/the-trump-administration-through-the-department-of-justice-reverses-an-obama-era-policy-which-used-title-vii-of-the-civil-rights-act-to-pr.md) _Context: Department of Justice, transgender_
3. [President Donald Trump issues a presidential memorandum that stops funding of sex reassignment procedures for military personnel, and that denies entry of transgender individuals into the military. President Trump announced this policy change via twitter in late July. Two LGBT rights organizations filed a federal lawsuit two weeks ago arguing this policy change is unconstitutional because it denies transgender service members equal protection and due process. ](/news/2017/08/25/president-donald-trump-issues-a-presidential-memorandum-that-stops-funding-of-sex-reassignment-procedures-for-military-personnel-and-that-d.md) _Context: sex reassignment, transgender_
4. [Former United States Department of Justice attorney Jeffrey Wertkin is sentenced to 21/2 years in prison for what prosecutors called the DoJ's "most serious" example of public corruption, which involved stealing more than 40 whistleblower fraud cases in 2016 with intentions to sell the secret information to companies under federal investigation. ](/news/2018/03/7/former-united-states-department-of-justice-attorney-jeffrey-wertkin-is-sentenced-to-2a1-2-years-in-prison-for-what-prosecutors-called-the-doj.md) _Context: Department of Justice_
5. [The Trump administration through the U.S. Justice Department announces charges filed against more than 250 defendants in senior-citizen fraud schemes totaling $500 million. ](/news/2018/02/22/the-trump-administration-through-the-u-s-justice-department-announces-charges-filed-against-more-than-250-defendants-in-senior-citizen-frau.md) _Context: Department of Justice_
