### [2014-04-10](/news/2014/04/10/index.md)

# United States Secretary of Health and Human Services Kathleen Sebelius resigns from the Obama Administration. OMB Director Sylvia Mathews Burwell is expected to be nominated to replace Sebelius. 




### Source:

1. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2014/04/10/hhs-secretary-kathleen-sebelius-resigning/)

### Related:

1. [President of the United States Barack Obama nominates Sylvia Mathews Burwell to be the next United States Secretary of Health and Human Services to replace the resigning Kathleen Sebelius. ](/news/2014/04/11/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-nominates-sylvia-mathews-burwell-to-be-the-next-united-states-secretary-of-health-and-human-serv.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Health and Human Services Secretary, Kathleen Sebelius, Sylvia Mathews Burwell_
2. [ United States President Barack Obama nominates Kansas Governor Kathleen Sebelius as Secretary of Health and Human Services. ](/news/2009/03/2/united-states-president-barack-obama-nominates-kansas-governor-kathleen-sebelius-as-secretary-of-health-and-human-services.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Health and Human Services Secretary, Kathleen Sebelius_
3. [United States federal government shutdown of 2013:U.S. President Barack Obama, the White House Office of Management and Budget, issues a partial shutdown of government agencies after the House and Senate fail to come to an agreement on a spending bill to keep government operations running. ](/news/2013/10/1/united-states-federal-government-shutdown-of-2013-pu-s-president-barack-obama-the-white-house-office-of-management-and-budget-issues-a-pa.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Office of Management and Budget_
4. [President of the United States Barack Obama nominates Jacob Lew to replace Peter Orszag as the chief of the Office of Management and Budget. ](/news/2010/07/13/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-nominates-jacob-lew-to-replace-peter-orszag-as-the-chief-of-the-office-of-management-and-budget.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Office of Management and Budget_
5. [ Presidency of Barack Obama: Tom Daschle withdraws his nomination to serve as United States Secretary of Health and Human Services and Nancy Killefer withdraws her nomination to serve as Chief Performance Officer. ](/news/2009/02/3/presidency-of-barack-obama-p-tom-daschle-withdraws-his-nomination-to-serve-as-united-states-secretary-of-health-and-human-services-and-nanc.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Health and Human Services Secretary_
6. [Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia.  ](/news/2017/04/18/democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u-s-house-seat-vacated-by-tom-price-now-health-and-human-serv.md) _Context: Health and Human Services Secretary_
7. [U.S. President Donald Trump accuses former President Barack Obama of wiretapping Trump Tower the month before the 2016 presidential election but offers no evidence to support his claim. A spokesman for President Obama rejects these claims. ](/news/2017/03/4/u-s-president-donald-trump-accuses-former-president-barack-obama-of-wiretapping-trump-tower-the-month-before-the-2016-presidential-election.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
8. [United States Secretary of State Rex Tillerson says he thinks the longer term status of president Bashar al-Assad is to be "decided by the Syrian people". This appears as a policy shift, since under president Barack Obama's administration, the United States made the departure of Assad a key policy aim. ](/news/2017/03/30/united-states-secretary-of-state-rex-tillerson-says-he-thinks-the-longer-term-status-of-president-bashar-al-assad-is-to-be-decided-by-the-s.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
9. [U.S. President Trump signs an executive order undoing former President Obama's climate change policies. ](/news/2017/03/28/u-s-president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-undoing-former-president-obama-s-climate-change-policies.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
10. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
