### [2012-12-5](/news/2012/12/5/index.md)

# Lionel Messi is carried off on a stretcher with an apparent knee injury as FC Barcelona are held to 0-0 by Benfica at Camp Nou in the 2012-13 UEFA Champions League. 




### Source:

1. [Fox Sports](http://msn.foxsports.com/foxsoccer/championsleague/story/barcelona-0-0-benfica-group-stage-matchday-six-match-report-120512)

### Related:

1. [Lionel Messi scores twice in FC Barcelona's historic comeback, 4-0 win over AC Milan at Camp Nou to reach quarter-finals of the 2012-13 UEFA Champions League. In the other match, Turkey's Galatasaray defeats Schalke 04 3-2 in Gelsenkirchen, Germany. ](/news/2013/03/12/lionel-messi-scores-twice-in-fc-barcelona-s-historic-comeback-4a0-win-over-ac-milan-at-camp-nou-to-reach-quarter-finals-of-the-2012a13.md) _Context: 2012–13 UEFA Champions League, Camp Nou, FC Barcelona, Lionel Messi_
2. [In the UEFA Champions League semi-final, Chelsea pull off a remarkable comeback against FC Barcelona at the Camp Nou, coming back from two goals down despite having captain John Terry sent off, central defender Gary Cahill injured in the opening minutes and Didier Drogba's concession of a penalty to Lionel Messi which hits the crossbar. Chelsea are left without the suspended quartet of Terry, Ramires, Branislav Ivanovic and Raul Meireles for the final at the Allianz Arena. ](/news/2012/04/24/in-the-uefa-champions-league-semi-final-chelsea-pull-off-a-remarkable-comeback-against-fc-barcelona-at-the-camp-nou-coming-back-from-two-g.md) _Context: Camp Nou, FC Barcelona, Lionel Messi_
3. [In association football, Lionel Messi of FC Barcelona and Argentina wins the 2015 FIFA Ballon d'Or, for his fifth time. Barca manager Luis Enrique is named FIFA World Coach of the Year for Men's Football. Carli Lloyd of the Houston Dash and the USA is named FIFA Women's World Player of the Year, and USA coach Jill Ellis is named FIFA World Coach of the Year for Women's Football. ](/news/2016/01/11/in-association-football-lionel-messi-of-fc-barcelona-and-argentina-wins-the-2015-fifa-ballon-d-or-for-his-fifth-time-barassa-manager-luis.md) _Context: FC Barcelona, Lionel Messi_
4. [Days after his hat-trick broke the Primera Division's 59-year goal-scoring record, Barcelona striker Lionel Messi scores another hat-trick in Nicosia to become the UEFA Champions League all-time top scorer. ](/news/2014/11/25/days-after-his-hat-trick-broke-the-primera-divisia3n-s-59-year-goal-scoring-record-barcelona-striker-lionel-messi-scores-another-hat-trick.md) _Context: FC Barcelona, Lionel Messi_
5. [In football, Argentinian Lionel Messi of FC Barcelona sets a new goal scoring record in La Liga of 253 goals. ](/news/2014/11/22/in-football-argentinian-lionel-messi-of-fc-barcelona-sets-a-new-goal-scoring-record-in-la-liga-of-253-goals.md) _Context: FC Barcelona, Lionel Messi_
6. [Bayern Munich thrash Barcelona 4-0 in their 2012-13 UEFA Champions League semi-final first leg. ](/news/2013/04/23/bayern-munich-thrash-barcelona-4a0-in-their-2012a13-uefa-champions-league-semi-final-first-leg.md) _Context: 2012–13 UEFA Champions League, FC Barcelona_
7. [In the 2012-13 UEFA Champions League quarter-finals, Paris Saint-Germain secures a 2-2 draw against Barcelona while Bayern Munich beats Juventus 2-0. ](/news/2013/04/2/in-the-2012a13-uefa-champions-league-quarter-finals-paris-saint-germain-secures-a-2a2-draw-against-barcelona-while-bayern-munich-beats.md) _Context: 2012–13 UEFA Champions League, FC Barcelona_
8. [The draw for the semi-finals of the 2012-13 UEFA Champions League is held in Nyon, Switzerland. Bayern Munich will play Barcelona while Borussia Dortmund will face Real Madrid. ](/news/2013/04/12/the-draw-for-the-semi-finals-of-the-2012a13-uefa-champions-league-is-held-in-nyon-switzerland-bayern-munich-will-play-barcelona-while-bo.md) _Context: 2012–13 UEFA Champions League, FC Barcelona_
9. [Spain's Barcelona and Germany's Bayern Munich reach 2012-13 UEFA Champions League semi-finals defeating Paris Saint-Germain and Juventus respectively. ](/news/2013/04/10/spain-s-barcelona-and-germany-s-bayern-munich-reach-2012a13-uefa-champions-league-semi-finals-defeating-paris-saint-germain-and-juventus-r.md) _Context: 2012–13 UEFA Champions League, FC Barcelona_
10. [AC Milan defeat FC Barcelona 2-0 in the first leg of the 2012-13 UEFA Champions League round of 16, while Galatasaray S.K. and FC Schalke 04 draw 1-1. ](/news/2013/02/20/ac-milan-defeat-fc-barcelona-2a0-in-the-first-leg-of-the-2012a13-uefa-champions-league-round-of-16-while-galatasaray-s-k-and-fc-schalk.md) _Context: 2012–13 UEFA Champions League, FC Barcelona_
