### [2012-12-5](/news/2012/12/5/index.md)

# Violent clashes occur in Cairo between supporters and opponents of the President of Egypt Mohamed Morsi. 

The political crisis in Egypt is deepening, with supporters and opponents of President Mohammed Morsi pelting each other with rocks outside the Presidential Palace in Cairo. Supporters of the president descended on demonstrators staging a sit-in to protest Morsi&#039;s powers and a draft constitution they say is biased. The president has returned to work at the compound despite the upheaval.


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2012-12-06/morsi-supporters-attack-demonstrators-in-cairo/4411728)

### Related:

1. [At least 42 people have been killed and hundreds injured after the Army raids a sit-in by supporters of former President Mohamed Morsi in the Nasr City district of Cairo. ](/news/2013/07/8/at-least-42-people-have-been-killed-and-hundreds-injured-after-the-army-raids-a-sit-in-by-supporters-of-former-president-mohamed-morsi-in-th.md) _Context: Cairo, Egyptian President, Mohamed Morsi_
2. [Nine people are killed in Cairo, Egypt, as fighting between supporters and opponents of former President Mohamed Morsi continues. ](/news/2013/07/23/nine-people-are-killed-in-cairo-egypt-as-fighting-between-supporters-and-opponents-of-former-president-mohamed-morsi-continues.md) _Context: Cairo, Egyptian President, Mohamed Morsi_
3. [Clashes continue between Egyptian police and supporters of deposed President Mohamed Morsi in central Cairo with 22 people injured. ](/news/2013/07/16/clashes-continue-between-egyptian-police-and-supporters-of-deposed-president-mohamed-morsi-in-central-cairo-with-22-people-injured.md) _Context: Cairo, Egyptian President, Mohamed Morsi_
4. [Egypt President Mohamed Morsi condemns sectarian violence and orders a probe after one person is killed in clashes at the Cairo headquarters of the Coptic Christian pope. ](/news/2013/04/8/egypt-president-mohamed-morsi-condemns-sectarian-violence-and-orders-a-probe-after-one-person-is-killed-in-clashes-at-the-cairo-headquarters.md) _Context: Cairo, Egyptian President, Mohamed Morsi_
5. [At least 7 people are killed and more than 770 are injured during clashes between supporters and opponents of the President of Egypt Mohamed Morsi in front of the Presidential Palace in Cairo. The Egyptian Army deploys several tanks and armoured troop carriers to secure the building. ](/news/2012/12/6/at-least-7-people-are-killed-and-more-than-770-are-injured-during-clashes-between-supporters-and-opponents-of-the-president-of-egypt-mohamed.md) _Context: Cairo, Egyptian President, Mohamed Morsi_
6. [Tens of thousands of protestors demonstrate in Tahrir Square in Cairo against Egyptian President Mohamed Morsi for last week's decree granting himself sweeping powers. ](/news/2012/11/27/tens-of-thousands-of-protestors-demonstrate-in-tahrir-square-in-cairo-against-egyptian-president-mohamed-morsi-for-last-week-s-decree-granti.md) _Context: Cairo, Egyptian President, Mohamed Morsi_
7. [Egypt's top judges accuse President of Egypt Mohamed Morsi of staging an "unprecedented attack" on the judiciary, after he passes a decree granting himself extensive new powers. Critics and supporters have staged rallies. Crowds gathered in Cairo's Tahrir Square, vowing to stage a sit-in protest. ](/news/2012/11/24/egypt-s-top-judges-accuse-president-of-egypt-mohamed-morsi-of-staging-an-unprecedented-attack-on-the-judiciary-after-he-passes-a-decree-g.md) _Context: Cairo, Egyptian President, Mohamed Morsi_
8. [Opposition leaders in Egypt call for large protests after President of Egypt Mohamed Morsi passed a decree giving himself sweeping new powers. Protests for and against his decision are taking place in Cairo, and violence has occurred throughout Egypt. ](/news/2012/11/23/opposition-leaders-in-egypt-call-for-large-protests-after-president-of-egypt-mohamed-morsi-passed-a-decree-giving-himself-sweeping-new-power.md) _Context: Cairo, Egyptian President, Mohamed Morsi_
9. [Mohamed Morsi, former President of Egypt, is sentenced to life imprisonment and another 15 years for his role in allegedly leaking government secrets to Qatar. Six people, including two Al-Jazeera employees, are sentenced to death. ](/news/2016/06/18/mohamed-morsi-former-president-of-egypt-is-sentenced-to-life-imprisonment-and-another-15-years-for-his-role-in-allegedly-leaking-governmen.md) _Context: Egyptian President, Mohamed Morsi_
10. [King of Saudi Arabia Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud announces, during his trip to Cairo, that a bridge crossing the Red Sea will be built, linking Egypt and Saudi Arabia. Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi says the bridge will be named after the Saudi monarch. A Saudi-Egypt Causeway project has been in the works for years. ](/news/2016/04/8/king-of-saudi-arabia-salman-bin-abdulaziz-al-saud-announces-during-his-trip-to-cairo-that-a-bridge-crossing-the-red-sea-will-be-built-lin.md) _Context: Cairo, Egyptian President_
