### [2015-06-12](/news/2015/06/12/index.md)

# Residents of the Galapagos Islands conduct a strike and protest over decisions by the Ecuador National Assembly to axe cost of living subsidies causing cancellation of flights to and from the islands. 

Get the latest international news and world events from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [AP via ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/galapagos-paralyzed-islanders-protest-losing-subsidies-31730850)

### Related:

1. [Ecuadorian general election, 2017. Voters in Ecuador return to the polls for the second round of a presidential election, which Lenin Moreno of the socialist PAIS Alliance is predicted to narrowly win over the center-right Creating Opportunities's Guillermo Lasso. With 94.18% of the votes counted, Moreno leads with 51.07%. According to the national election commission, it was a transparent and successful election. ](/news/2017/04/2/ecuadorian-general-election-2017-voters-in-ecuador-return-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-a-presidential-election-which-lenan-moren.md) _Context: Ecuador_
2. [Colombian peace process. The National Liberation Army releases former congressman Odin Sanchez, who had been held hostage by the rebel group since April 2016, paving the way for peace talks to begin between the rebels and the Colombian government next week in Ecuador. ](/news/2017/02/2/colombian-peace-process-the-national-liberation-army-releases-former-congressman-odin-sanchez-who-had-been-held-hostage-by-the-rebel-group.md) _Context: Ecuador_
3. [Ecuadorian general election, 2017. Voters head to the polls to select the National Assembly and a new president with former vice-president Lenin Moreno facing off against former bank president Guillermo Lasso, and six other opposition candidates. There will be an April 2 runoff unless the leader receives 40 percent of the votes and is at least 10 percentage points ahead of the others. In addition, there's a tax haven referendum. ](/news/2017/02/19/ecuadorian-general-election-2017-voters-head-to-the-polls-to-select-the-national-assembly-and-a-new-president-with-former-vice-president-l.md) _Context: National Assembly_
4. [Non-aligned Movement. Around ten heads of state attend the 17th Non-aligned Movement summit in Isla Margarita, Venezuela, including Evo Morales of Bolivia, Raul Castro of Cuba, Rafael Correa of Ecuador, Hassan Rouhani of Iran, Mahmoud Abbas of the State of Palestine, Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe, and Venezuela's president Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/09/17/non-aligned-movement-around-ten-heads-of-state-attend-the-17th-non-aligned-movement-summit-in-isla-margarita-venezuela-including-evo-mora.md) _Context: Ecuador_
5. [A powerful 6.7 magnitude earthquake hits Ecuador near the town of Muisne, one person is killed. ](/news/2016/05/18/a-powerful-6-7-magnitude-earthquake-hits-ecuador-near-the-town-of-muisne-one-person-is-killed.md) _Context: Ecuador_
6. [Heavy rain pelts earthquake-hit Ecuador causing floods, mostly in the town of Alluriquin in the Santo Domingo de los Tsachilas Province, killing at least four people and injuring several more. About 300 people have been affected by the floods after a local river burst its banks, engulfing the town with water. ](/news/2016/04/27/heavy-rain-pelts-earthquake-hit-ecuador-causing-floods-mostly-in-the-town-of-alluriquin-in-the-santo-domingo-de-los-tsa-chilas-province-ki.md) _Context: Ecuador_
7. [2016 Ecuador earthquake. The United Nations World Food Programme announces it is stepping up assistance to Ecuador-s most vulnerable areas following an earthquake that killed over 650 people. ](/news/2016/04/25/2016-ecuador-earthquake-the-united-nations-world-food-programme-announces-it-is-stepping-up-assistance-to-ecuador-s-most-vulnerable-areas.md) _Context: Ecuador_
8. [2016 Ecuador earthquake. The death toll from Saturday's earthquake has risen to at least 480 with 1,700 missing. Another 2,500 have been injured. President Rafael Correa states it is the worst disaster in Ecuador in seven decades, and the reconstruction will have a "huge economic impact" on the country. ](/news/2016/04/19/2016-ecuador-earthquake-the-death-toll-from-saturday-s-earthquake-has-risen-to-at-least-480-with-1-700-missing-another-2-500-have-been-inj.md) _Context: Ecuador_
9. [2016 Ecuador earthquake. Aid starts to flow in after an earthquake kills over 270 people in Ecuador. ](/news/2016/04/18/2016-ecuador-earthquake-aid-starts-to-flow-in-after-an-earthquake-kills-over-270-people-in-ecuador.md) _Context: Ecuador_
10. [2016 Ecuador earthquake. The death toll from Saturday night's earthquake in Ecuador rises to 262 with more than 2,500 people injured. ](/news/2016/04/17/2016-ecuador-earthquake-the-death-toll-from-saturday-night-s-earthquake-in-ecuador-rises-to-262-with-more-than-2-500-people-injured.md) _Context: Ecuador_
