### [2015-06-12](/news/2015/06/12/index.md)

# Two Russian citizens are arrested for entering a Latvian military base as the Baltic nation was participating in US-led military exercises. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters via ''Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/reuters/article-3122025/Latvia-arrests-two-Russians-entering-military-base.html)

### Related:

1. [Canada announces that it will deploy 1,000 soldiers of the Canadian Armed Forces to Latvia to bolster one of the four NATO battalions stationed there. ](/news/2016/07/1/canada-announces-that-it-will-deploy-1-000-soldiers-of-the-canadian-armed-forces-to-latvia-to-bolster-one-of-the-four-nato-battalions-statio.md) _Context: Latvia_
2. [Violence at UEFA Euro 2016. France deports twenty Russian football fans including Alexander Shprygin, the leader of the All-Russia Supporters Union, following violence at the England-Russia match in Marseille. ](/news/2016/06/16/violence-at-uefa-euro-2016-france-deports-twenty-russian-football-fans-including-alexander-shprygin-the-leader-of-the-all-russia-supporter.md) _Context: Russian_
3. [The Secretary General of NATO Jens Stoltenberg says that the military alliance plans on sending four multinational battalions to Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Poland in order to boost their defense. However, Stoltenberg said that the battalions will only be deployed on a rotational basis instead of being based permanently. ](/news/2016/06/13/the-secretary-general-of-nato-jens-stoltenberg-says-that-the-military-alliance-plans-on-sending-four-multinational-battalions-to-estonia-la.md) _Context: Latvia_
4. [Russia-United States relations. United States Chief of Naval Operations Admiral John M. Richardson says Russian jets in the Baltics buzzing a U.S. military ship and planes are escalating tension between the two nations. Richardson added he doesn't think the Russians are trying to provoke an incident but these actions increase the chance of a "tactical miscalculation." ](/news/2016/05/2/russia-united-states-relations-united-states-chief-of-naval-operations-admiral-john-m-richardson-says-russian-jets-in-the-baltics-buzzin.md) _Context: Baltics_
5. [Lithuania-United States relations. The United States Air Force lands two of its most advanced fighter jets in Lithuania for the first time in a show of support for the Baltic states which have become worried about Russia's actions in Ukraine. ](/news/2016/04/29/lithuania-united-states-relations-the-united-states-air-force-lands-two-of-its-most-advanced-fighter-jets-in-lithuania-for-the-first-time.md) _Context: Baltics_
6. [Latvia-Russia relations. Latvia's State Border Guard begins the construction of a border fence that will cover almost a third of the Latvia-Russia border in an effort to keep out migrants who attempt to illegally cross the border from Russia. ](/news/2015/12/16/latvia-russia-relations-latvia-s-state-border-guard-begins-the-construction-of-a-border-fence-that-will-cover-almost-a-third-of-the-latvi.md) _Context: Latvia_
7. [War in Donbass. The President of Ukraine Petro Poroshenko claims that his forces have repelled an attack on the town of Marinka and captured 12 rebels including one Russian. ](/news/2015/06/6/war-in-donbass-the-president-of-ukraine-petro-poroshenko-claims-that-his-forces-have-repelled-an-attack-on-the-town-of-marinka-and-captured.md) _Context: Russian_
8. [2014-15 Russian military intervention in Ukraine. Video interviews show that two Russians captured in Ukraine have publicly admitted to being soldiers in the GRU Russian special forces. The Donetsk People's Republic (separatists) authorities claim these men were official policemen in the self-proclaimed republic, publicized their ID badges, and claimed they retired from the Russian military last year. ](/news/2015/05/21/2014-15-russian-military-intervention-in-ukraine-video-interviews-show-that-two-russians-captured-in-ukraine-have-publicly-admitted-to-be.md) _Context: Russian_
9. [Assassination of Boris Nemtsov. Russian authorities refuse entry into Russia at Moscow's Sheremetyevo International Airport to a Latvian lawmaker and vice-chair of the biggest bloc in the EU, Sandra Kalniete. Having received no reasonable explanation for the ban, she flies back to Brussels. ](/news/2015/03/3/assassination-of-boris-nemtsov-russian-authorities-refuse-entry-into-russia-at-moscow-s-sheremetyevo-international-airport-to-a-latvian-law.md) _Context: Latvia_
10. [Latvian parliamentary election, 2014. Latvia votes in a parliamentary election; Laimdota Straujuma's centre-right government keeps its majority. ](/news/2014/10/4/latvian-parliamentary-election-2014-latvia-votes-in-a-parliamentary-election-laimdota-straujuma-s-centre-right-government-keeps-its-major.md) _Context: Latvia_
