### [2016-03-9](/news/2016/03/9/index.md)

# Macedonia says it will no longer let any migrants through its southern border with Greece, effectively blocking the Balkan route for migrants. The decision came after Slovenia barred access to migrants transiting the country. There are around 13,000 migrants now stranded at the Macedonia-Greece border. 

Macedonia says it will no longer let any migrants cross its border with Greece, leaving some 13,000 stranded in a sprawling camp.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-35763101)
1. [Cover Image](http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/cpsprodpb/5CB8/production/_88663732_88663731.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Macedonia, Serbia, Croatia, and Slovenia shut their borders to so-called economic migrants, those not coming from war-torn countries such as Syria, Afghanistan, or Iraq, leaving thousands stranded at Balkan border crossings. Around 500 migrants from Iran, Morocco, and Algeria gather on the border between Greece and Macedonia to protest the closure. ](/news/2015/11/20/macedonia-serbia-croatia-and-slovenia-shut-their-borders-to-so-called-economic-migrants-those-not-coming-from-war-torn-countries-such-as.md) _Context: Balkans, European migrant crisis, Macedonian, Slovenia_
2. [Slovenia's army begins erecting a razor wire fence along parts of its southern border with Croatia in order to stop a tide of illegal migrants entering the country. Around 180,000 people, mainly from Syria and Afghanistan have streamed into Slovenia since mid-October after trekking northwards along a Balkan corridor from Greece, most of them bound ultimately for Germany. ](/news/2015/11/11/slovenia-s-army-begins-erecting-a-razor-wire-fence-along-parts-of-its-southern-border-with-croatia-in-order-to-stop-a-tide-of-illegal-migran.md) _Context: Balkans, European migrant crisis, Greek, Slovenia_
3. [Police in northern Greece move more than 400 Syrians and Iraqis by bus from a makeshift camp near the Macedonian border to a shelter near the northern city of Thessaloniki. More than 50,000 migrants remain stranded in Greece following European border closures, and the European Union's agreement with Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/13/police-in-northern-greece-move-more-than-400-syrians-and-iraqis-by-bus-from-a-makeshift-camp-near-the-macedonian-border-to-a-shelter-near-th.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek, Macedonian_
4. [Macedonian police fire tear gas at refugees as they attempted to break through a fence at the Greece-Macedonia border near Idomeni, sparking clashes that injured 200 people. ](/news/2016/04/10/macedonian-police-fire-tear-gas-at-refugees-as-they-attempted-to-break-through-a-fence-at-the-greece-macedonia-border-near-idomeni-sparking.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek, Macedonian_
5. [Greece recalls its ambassador to Austria in response to Austria's hosting of a meeting with Balkan states, to which Greece was not invited, about European migrant crisis policies that would make it harder for migrants to head north across Europe. Greece's foreign ministry called the move an "unfriendly act." More than 100,000 migrants have entered the EU illegally so far in 2016, nearly all of them arriving in Greece. ](/news/2016/02/25/greece-recalls-its-ambassador-to-austria-in-response-to-austria-s-hosting-of-a-meeting-with-balkan-states-to-which-greece-was-not-invited.md) _Context: Balkans, European migrant crisis, Greek_
6. [Greece claims that Macedonia has closed its borders to migrants from Afghanistan. ](/news/2016/02/21/greece-claims-that-macedonia-has-closed-its-borders-to-migrants-from-afghanistan.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek, Macedonian_
7. [Greece faces suspension or expulsion from the European Union's Schengen Area if it can not prevent waves of migrants from crossing over the country into Macedonia. ](/news/2016/01/25/greece-faces-suspension-or-expulsion-from-the-european-union-s-schengen-area-if-it-can-not-prevent-waves-of-migrants-from-crossing-over-the.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek, Macedonian_
8. [Macedonia's Army begins erecting a metal fence on its southern border with Greece. Around 250 migrants later clash with Macedonian police on the border. ](/news/2015/11/28/macedonia-s-army-begins-erecting-a-metal-fence-on-its-southern-border-with-greece-around-250-migrants-later-clash-with-macedonian-police-on.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek, Macedonian_
9. [Slovenia's prime minister, Miro Cerar says Slovenia is ready to build a fence on its border with Croatia if an EU plan to stem the flow of migrants across the Balkans fails. ](/news/2015/10/28/slovenia-s-prime-minister-miro-cerar-says-slovenia-is-ready-to-build-a-fence-on-its-border-with-croatia-if-an-eu-plan-to-stem-the-flow-of-m.md) _Context: Balkans, European migrant crisis, Slovenia_
10. [Scientists discover 7.2 million-year-old "pre-human" remains in the Balkans area near Bulgaria and Greece. ](/news/2017/05/23/scientists-discover-7-2-million-year-old-pre-human-remains-in-the-balkans-area-near-bulgaria-and-greece.md) _Context: Balkans, Greek_
