### [1999-12-31](/news/1999/12/31/index.md)

#  HM Queen Elizabeth II opens the Millennium Dome at Greenwich, London.




### Related:

1. [London's King Edward VII's Hospital says it is reviewing telephone protocol after two disc jockeys from a Sydney-based radio station, 2Day FM made a prank call to the hospital in which they posed as Queen Elizabeth and Prince Charles, and spoke with a member of nursing staff about the health of the Duchess of Cambridge. ](/news/2012/12/5/london-s-king-edward-vii-s-hospital-says-it-is-reviewing-telephone-protocol-after-two-disc-jockeys-from-a-sydney-based-radio-station-2day-f.md) _Context: Queen Elizabeth_
2. [Buckingham Palace announces the engagement of the Queen's granddaughter Zara Phillips and Rugby Union player Mike Tindall. ](/news/2010/12/21/buckingham-palace-announces-the-engagement-of-the-queen-s-granddaughter-zara-phillips-and-rugby-union-player-mike-tindall.md) _Context: Queen Elizabeth_
3. [The Duke of Edinburgh, on a trip to Exeter, Devon with Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom, asks a female sea cadet if she works at a strip club before concluding that it is "probably too cold for that anyway". ](/news/2010/03/11/the-duke-of-edinburgh-on-a-trip-to-exeter-devon-with-elizabeth-ii-of-the-united-kingdom-asks-a-female-sea-cadet-if-she-works-at-a-strip-c.md) _Context: Queen Elizabeth_
4. [ Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom firmly warns newspaper editors in a letter to cease publication of personal pictures of the British Royal Family after years of being "hounded" by paparazzi. ](/news/2009/12/6/queen-elizabeth-ii-of-the-united-kingdom-firmly-warns-newspaper-editors-in-a-letter-to-cease-publication-of-personal-pictures-of-the-britis.md) _Context: Queen Elizabeth_
5. [ Patrick Stewart, the actor who played Captain Jean-Luc Picard in "Star Trek: The Next Generation" and Professor X in "X-Men", is knighted by Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom. ](/news/2009/12/31/patrick-stewart-the-actor-who-played-captain-jean-luc-picard-in-star-trek-the-next-generation-and-professor-x-in-x-men-is-knighted-b.md) _Context: Queen Elizabeth_
6. [ Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom remembers the dead soldiers of Afghanistan in the Royal Christmas Message. ](/news/2009/12/25/elizabeth-ii-of-the-united-kingdom-remembers-the-dead-soldiers-of-afghanistan-in-the-royal-christmas-message.md) _Context: Queen Elizabeth_
7. [ An award-winning essay written by Paul McCartney as a 10-year-old for the coronation of Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom is found after lying undiscovered in Liverpool's Central Library for more than 50 years. ](/news/2009/09/27/an-award-winning-essay-written-by-paul-mccartney-as-a-10-year-old-for-the-coronation-of-elizabeth-ii-of-the-united-kingdom-is-found-after-l.md) _Context: Queen Elizabeth_
8. [ Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom celebrates her 83rd birthday at Trooping the Colour. ](/news/2009/06/13/queen-elizabeth-ii-of-the-united-kingdom-celebrates-her-83rd-birthday-at-trooping-the-colour.md) _Context: Queen Elizabeth_
9. [ A former New South Wales Police Force superintendent claims there was an attempted assassination of Queen Elizabeth II at Bowenfels railway station during a 1970 Royal Tour of Australia. ](/news/2009/01/28/a-former-new-south-wales-police-force-superintendent-claims-there-was-an-attempted-assassination-of-queen-elizabeth-ii-at-bowenfels-railway.md) _Context: Queen Elizabeth_
10. [ Queen Elizabeth II addresses the House of Commons with her traditional Speech from the Throne, outlining the Labour government's legislative program for the 2008/09 parliamentary session. ](/news/2008/12/3/queen-elizabeth-ii-addresses-the-house-of-commons-with-her-traditional-speech-from-the-throne-outlining-the-labour-government-s-legislativ.md) _Context: Queen Elizabeth_
