### [2008-03-14](/news/2008/03/14/index.md)

#  An EF2 tornado hits Atlanta, Georgia, damaging many buildings including the CNN Center, the Georgia Dome, the World Congress Center and the Philips Arena. 




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/in_depth/7297928.stm)

### Related:

1. [Severe storms in the US city of Atlanta, Georgia, kill at least three people and leave 193,000 people without power. ](/news/2011/05/26/severe-storms-in-the-us-city-of-atlanta-georgia-kill-at-least-three-people-and-leave-193-000-people-without-power.md) _Context: Atlanta, Georgia, Georgia_
2. [ The Mayor of Atlanta, Shirley Franklin, declares a state of emergency following the previous night's tornado, while northwest Georgia is hit by more tornadoes, causing at least one death. ](/news/2008/03/15/the-mayor-of-atlanta-shirley-franklin-declares-a-state-of-emergency-following-the-previous-night-s-tornado-while-northwest-georgia-is-hi.md) _Context: Georgia, tornado_
3. [Economy of the United States: New York State-based GateHouse Media announces an agreement to buy 11 U.S. newspapers from Georgia-based Morris Communications. Included in the deal is the "Log Cabin Democrat", founded in 1879, and three Alaskan newspapers: the "Juneau Empire", the "Peninsula Clarion" and "Homer News". The deal is expected to close on October 2. ](/news/2017/08/10/economy-of-the-united-states-new-york-state-based-gatehouse-media-announces-an-agreement-to-buy-11-u-s-newspapers-from-georgia-based-morri.md) _Context: Georgia_
4. [Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017: Campaigning ends and voting begins in the suburbs of Atlanta in the U.S. state of Georgia between Republican Karen Handel and Democratic Jon Ossoff, where Republican Handel wins the election by a narrow margin. ](/news/2017/06/20/georgia-s-6th-congressional-district-special-election-2017-campaigning-ends-and-voting-begins-in-the-suburbs-of-atlanta-in-the-u-s-state.md) _Context: Georgia_
5. [Tornadoes of 2017: Robert Bentley, the Governor of Alabama, declares a state of emergency due to forecasts of storms with the threat of tornadoes during the day. The neighboring state of Georgia also faces the threat of severe weather. ](/news/2017/04/4/tornadoes-of-2017-robert-bentley-the-governor-of-alabama-declares-a-state-of-emergency-due-to-forecasts-of-storms-with-the-threat-of-torn.md) _Context: Georgia_
6. [Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017: Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia. ](/news/2017/04/18/georgia-s-6th-congressional-district-special-election-2017-democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u.md) _Context: Georgia_
7. [Interstate 85 bridge collapse: Officials state that repairs will take months following a fire that collapsed a bridge on Interstate 85 in Atlanta, Georgia. Police arrest three individuals in connection with the disaster, charging two with criminal trespass and one with first degree criminal damage. ](/news/2017/03/31/interstate-85-bridge-collapse-officials-state-that-repairs-will-take-months-following-a-fire-that-collapsed-a-bridge-on-interstate-85-in-at.md) _Context: Atlanta, Georgia_
8. [Democratic National Committee chairmanship election, 2017: Voting takes place in Atlanta, Georgia, to elect a new Chair of the Democratic National Committee. Candidates include Sally Boynton Brown, Keith Ellison, Jehmu Greene and former United States Secretary of Labor Tom Perez. ](/news/2017/02/25/democratic-national-committee-chairmanship-election-2017-voting-takes-place-in-atlanta-georgia-to-elect-a-new-chair-of-the-democratic-na.md) _Context: Georgia_
9. [January 21-22, 2017 tornado outbreak: Severe storms kill at least 11 people and injure 23 in the U.S. state of Georgia. ](/news/2017/01/22/january-21-22-2017-tornado-outbreak-severe-storms-kill-at-least-11-people-and-injure-23-in-the-u-s-state-of-georgia.md) _Context: Georgia_
10. [Tropical Storm Hermine: The National Hurricane Center declares a hurricane watch and tropical storm warning from the Anclote River, north of Tampa, to Destin, Florida, near the Georgia border. Hermine, now at 45 mph (75 km), is expected to reach hurricane strength when it makes landfall Thursday afternoon. Florida Governor Rick Scott, with life-threatening flooding forecast, declares a state of emergency. ](/news/2016/08/31/tropical-storm-hermine-the-national-hurricane-center-declares-a-hurricane-watch-and-tropical-storm-warning-from-the-anclote-river-north-of.md) _Context: Georgia_
