### [2008-03-14](/news/2008/03/14/index.md)

#  Queen Elizabeth officially opens London Heathrow Airport's new Terminal 5. 

The notoriously congested London airport has opened a fifth terminal, at a cost of around $8.7 billion.


### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2008/03/15/world/europe/15britain.html)

### Related:

1. [British activists with the Black Lives Matter   movement from America block the road to Heathrow Airport and to streets in Manchester, Birmingham, and Nottingham, marking the fifth anniversary of the deadly police shooting of Mark Duggan in north London. Ten protestors are arrested. ](/news/2016/08/5/british-activists-with-the-black-lives-matter-movement-from-america-block-the-road-to-heathrow-airport-and-to-streets-in-manchester-birmi.md) _Context: Heathrow Airport, London_
2. [London's King Edward VII's Hospital says it is reviewing telephone protocol after two disc jockeys from a Sydney-based radio station, 2Day FM made a prank call to the hospital in which they posed as Queen Elizabeth and Prince Charles, and spoke with a member of nursing staff about the health of the Duchess of Cambridge. ](/news/2012/12/5/london-s-king-edward-vii-s-hospital-says-it-is-reviewing-telephone-protocol-after-two-disc-jockeys-from-a-sydney-based-radio-station-2day-f.md) _Context: London, Queen Elizabeth_
3. [Heathrow Airport in London reopens after a weekend of heavy snowfall. ](/news/2010/12/20/heathrow-airport-in-london-reopens-after-a-weekend-of-heavy-snowfall.md) _Context: Heathrow Airport, London_
4. [ Queen Elizabeth II formally opens High Speed 1 and London's St Pancras station, the new home for Eurostar trains linking London with Paris and Brussels as of November 14, replacing the Eurostar terminus at Waterloo station. ](/news/2007/11/6/queen-elizabeth-ii-formally-opens-high-speed-1-and-london-s-st-pancras-station-the-new-home-for-eurostar-trains-linking-london-with-paris.md) _Context: London, Queen Elizabeth_
5. [ A National Express coach overturns, killing two people, near Heathrow Airport, London on a slip road from the M4 to the M25 motorways. The driver is arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving. ](/news/2007/01/3/a-national-express-coach-overturns-killing-two-people-near-heathrow-airport-london-on-a-slip-road-from-the-m4-to-the-m25-motorways-the.md) _Context: Heathrow Airport, London_
6. [ The airline catering firm Gate Gourmet sack 670 workers at London's Heathrow Airport, sparking a sympathy strike from British Airways staff. ](/news/2005/08/10/the-airline-catering-firm-gate-gourmet-sack-670-workers-at-london-s-heathrow-airport-sparking-a-sympathy-strike-from-british-airways-staff.md) _Context: Heathrow Airport, London_
7. [A vehicle mounts the pavement and runs into pedestrians in Islington, London, injuring 4. The teenage perpetrators are found carrying offensive weapons, but are not assumed to be terrorists. ](/news/2017/03/25/a-vehicle-mounts-the-pavement-and-runs-into-pedestrians-in-islington-london-injuring-4-the-teenage-perpetrators-are-found-carrying-offens.md) _Context: London_
8. [Several British MPs demand an investigation into a recent scandal in which an Israeli embassy official in London had conspired to damage the reputation of several British politicians in response to the recent United Nations Security Council resolution. ](/news/2017/01/8/several-british-mps-demand-an-investigation-into-a-recent-scandal-in-which-an-israeli-embassy-official-in-london-had-conspired-to-damage-the.md) _Context: London_
9. [London Mayor Sadiq Khan declares a public health emergency for at least the next three days because of high levels of air pollution in the London area. The Department for Environment says this pollution episode could last until at least Sunday. ](/news/2017/01/18/london-mayor-sadiq-khan-declares-a-public-health-emergency-for-at-least-the-next-three-days-because-of-high-levels-of-air-pollution-in-the-l.md) _Context: London_
10. [A London-based trader who traded on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Navinder Singh Sarao, accused of contributing to the 2010 Wall Street "flash crash" by placing bogus orders to spoof the market, fails in his legal bid to stop extradition and will now be sent to the United States to face trial where he is wanted by U.S. authorities on 22 criminal counts of wire fraud, commodities fraud, and market manipulation. A judge initially approved his extradition in March, and today his bid to launch an appeal against that decision was rejected, ending his 18-month legal fight. He will now be extradited within 28 days. ](/news/2016/10/14/a-london-based-trader-who-traded-on-the-chicago-mercantile-exchange-navinder-singh-sarao-accused-of-contributing-to-the-2010-wall-street.md) _Context: London_
