### [2006-12-14](/news/2006/12/14/index.md)

#  The Supreme Court of Israel decides that the targeted assassination of Palestinian militants by the Israeli military can be legal under international law. 

The Israeli military began carrying out targeted killings of Palestinian militants after the breakdown of the Israeli-Palestinian peace process and the subsequent outbreak of violence in the fall of 2000, saying the tactic was the most effective way to stop Palestinian bombers targeting Israeli population centers. In the most widely criticized operation, in July 2002, the air force dropped a 1-ton bomb that killed Salah Shehadeh, a top Hamas operative wanted for masterminding suicide bombings, along with his bodyguard and 13 bystanders, including nine children. The Shehadeh killing led some international human rights groups to call for criminal charges against Israeli officers, including the current chief of staff, Lt. Gen. Dan Halutz. The targeted killings are typically carried out from the air, with helicopter gunships or unmanned drones firing missiles at cars in Palestinian cities, acting on intelligence information from agents and informers on the ground.


### Source:

1. [AP via Houston Chronicle](http://www.chron.com/disp/story.mpl/world/4401484.html)

### Related:

1. [Israel's Supreme Court blocks the government's plan,  signed last December by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu with the U.S. Noble Energy and the Israeli Delek Group companies, to develop Israel's offshore gas deposits. The court found the so-called "stability clause,"  that would prevent Israel from making significant regulatory changes for the next 10 years, undemocratically restricts the Knesset's power. The government has one year  to come up with an alternative arrangement or the plan will be canceled. ](/news/2016/03/27/israel-s-supreme-court-blocks-the-government-s-plan-signed-last-december-by-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-with-the-u-s-noble-energy-a.md) _Context: Israel, Israel's Supreme Court_
2. [Israel's Supreme Court upholds a seven-year rape sentence against former President Moshe Katsav. ](/news/2011/11/10/israel-s-supreme-court-upholds-a-seven-year-rape-sentence-against-former-president-moshe-katsav.md) _Context: Israel, Israel's Supreme Court_
3. [Israel's Supreme Court orders the West Bank outpost of Migron, inhabited by 250 Jewish settlers, to be evacuated without delay. ](/news/2011/08/2/israel-s-supreme-court-orders-the-west-bank-outpost-of-migron-inhabited-by-250-jewish-settlers-to-be-evacuated-without-delay.md) _Context: Israel, Israel's Supreme Court_
4. [ The Attorney-General of Israel delivers a brief to the Supreme Court of Israel arguing that the President of Israel Moshe Katsav should stand aside pending a possible indictment for rape. ](/news/2006/10/29/the-attorney-general-of-israel-delivers-a-brief-to-the-supreme-court-of-israel-arguing-that-the-president-of-israel-moshe-katsav-should-sta.md) _Context: Israel, Israel's Supreme Court_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A joint Israeli-Palestinian doctors group has filed a petition to the Supreme Court of Israel requesting an end to the Israel Defense Forces use of sonic booms to terrify the Palestinian populace. The Doctors complain that the "sound bombs" cause widespread fear, induce miscarriages and traumatise children. The United Nations claim that the tactic causes panic attacks in children and has smashed thousands of windows. ](/news/2005/11/3/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-a-joint-israeli-palestinian-doctors-group-has-filed-a-petition-to-the-supreme-court-of-israel-requesting-an.md) _Context: Israel, Israel's Supreme Court_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israel is to ban using Palestinians as human shields following a Supreme Court of Israel ruling. ](/news/2005/10/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-is-to-ban-using-palestinians-as-human-shields-following-a-supreme-court-of-israel-ruling.md) _Context: Israel, Israel's Supreme Court_
7. [A shooting  at the Israeli embassy in Amman, Jordan, leaves one person, a Jordanian, dead, and an Israeli and a Jordanian wounded. There is speculation the attack may be linked to recent events at Jerusalem's  Al-Aqsa Mosque. ](/news/2017/07/23/a-shooting-at-the-israeli-embassy-in-amman-jordan-leaves-one-person-a-jordanian-dead-and-an-israeli-and-a-jordanian-wounded-there-is.md) _Context: Israel_
8. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Israel_
9. [Israel arrests Palestinian lawmaker Khalida Jarrar over allegations of her inciting of violence. ](/news/2017/07/2/israel-arrests-palestinian-lawmaker-khalida-jarrar-over-allegations-of-her-inciting-of-violence.md) _Context: Israel_
10. [Israel strikes two Syrian Army artillery positions and an ammunition truck in Quneitra Governorate, after stray shells from Syria land in the northern Golan Heights for a second day in a row. ](/news/2017/06/25/israel-strikes-two-syrian-army-artillery-positions-and-an-ammunition-truck-in-quneitra-governorate-after-stray-shells-from-syria-land-in-th.md) _Context: Israel_
