### [2007-06-10](/news/2007/06/10/index.md)

#  On the Sunday talk show "Meet the Press", former U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell calls for the immediate closure of the Guantanamo Bay detention camp. 




### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/3032608/)

### Related:

1. [ United States Secretary of State Colin Powell says that he saw no direct connection between Saddam Hussein's former regime in Iraq and the September 11, 2001, attacks. During an interview on NBC's "Meet the Press," Powell also said he believes that if John Kerry were president at the time of a terrorist attack he would respond in a "robust" way. ](/news/2004/09/13/united-states-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-says-that-he-saw-no-direct-connection-between-saddam-hussein-s-former-regime-in-iraq-and-the.md) _Context: Colin Powell, Meet the Press, United States Secretary of State_
2. [In the United States, Hillary Clinton is criticized by the State Department's inspector general for her usage of a private email server while she was secretary of state. The finding also concluded though that former secretary of state Colin Powell also had a private email server, as did former ambassador to Kenya Scott Gration. The inspector referred to the email server usage as "longstanding systemic weaknesses". ](/news/2016/05/25/in-the-united-states-hillary-clinton-is-criticized-by-the-state-departmentas-inspector-general-for-her-usage-of-a-private-email-server-wh.md) _Context: Colin Powell, United States Secretary of State_
3. [ Retired General and former Secretary of State Colin Powell endorses Barack Obama for President of the United States. ](/news/2008/10/19/retired-general-and-former-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-endorses-barack-obama-for-president-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: Colin Powell, United States Secretary of State_
4. [ The United Kingdom asks United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice to release five residents of the UK from the Guantanamo Bay detention camp. ](/news/2007/08/7/the-united-kingdom-asks-united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-to-release-five-residents-of-the-uk-from-the-guantanamo-bay-deten.md) _Context: Guantanamo Bay Detention Camp, United States Secretary of State_
5. [ United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld and Secretary of State Colin Powell defend their pre-September 11 actions, saying that even if Osama bin Laden had been killed, the attacks on the World Trade Center and The Pentagon would have still occurred. Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright and former Secretary of Defense William Cohen also testify before the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States. ](/news/2004/03/23/united-states-secretary-of-defense-donald-rumsfeld-and-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-defend-their-pre-september-11-actions-saying-that-e.md) _Context: Colin Powell, United States Secretary of State_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Four people die in a bomb attack on a convoy of US diplomatic vehicles in the Gaza Strip. Palestinian Authority head Yasser Arafat calls the bombing "dirty and shameful" in an exclusive interview on BBC News. Secretary of State Colin Powell urges Prime Minister Ahmed Qurei in a telephone call ""to take action to put an end to violence and terrorism"," according to a Palestinian official.](/news/2003/10/15/israeli-palestinian-conflict-four-people-die-in-a-bomb-attack-on-a-convoy-of-us-diplomatic-vehicles-in-the-gaza-strip-palestinian-authori.md) _Context: Colin Powell, United States Secretary of State_
7. [ Iraq - Constitution: Secretary of State Colin Powell, responding to a rapid timetable self-rule demands from France (and others), states the United States would set a deadline of six months for Iraqi leaders working under the coalition occupation to produce a new constitution. The constitution would clear the way for elections and the installation of a new leadership next year.](/news/2003/09/26/iraq-a-constitution-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-responding-to-a-rapid-timetable-self-rule-demands-from-france-and-others-states.md) _Context: Colin Powell, United States Secretary of State_
8. [ U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell says that thirty nations have joined with the United States in a "coalition of the willing" to remove Saddam Hussein from power, with another 15 quietly promising their support. See Worldwide government positions on war on Iraq.](/news/2003/03/18/u-s-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-says-that-thirty-nations-have-joined-with-the-united-states-in-a-coalition-of-the-willing-to-remove.md) _Context: Colin Powell, United States Secretary of State_
9. [ At the United Nations US Secretary of State Colin Powell presents the US government's case against the Saddam Hussein government of Iraq, as part of the diplomatic side of the U.S. plan to invade Iraq. The presentation includes tape recordings, satellite photographs and other intelligence data, and aims to prove WMD production, evasion of weapons inspections and a link to Al-Qaida.](/news/2003/02/5/at-the-united-nations-us-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-presents-the-us-government-s-case-against-the-saddam-hussein-government-of-iraq-a.md) _Context: Colin Powell, United States Secretary of State_
10. [ Spanish Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar personally asks United States President George W. Bush to silence Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld, indicating that Rumsfeld's numerous public remarks on European countries' Iraq policies are generally viewed as inflammatory and overwhelmingly counterproductive within the European diplomatic community. Aznar indicated a preference for Secretary of State Colin Powell.](/news/2003/02/27/spanish-prime-minister-josa-c-maraa-aznar-personally-asks-united-states-president-george-w-bush-to-silence-secretary-of-defense-donald-rum.md) _Context: Colin Powell, United States Secretary of State_
