### [2007-06-10](/news/2007/06/10/index.md)

#  On the Sunday talk show ''Meet the Press'', former U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell calls for the immediate closure of the Guantanamo Bay detention camp. 




### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/3032608/)

### Related:

1. [ United States Secretary of State Colin Powell says that he saw no direct connection between Saddam Hussein's former regime in Iraq and the September 11, 2001, attacks.  During an interview on NBC's ''Meet the Press,'' Powell also said he believes that if John Kerry were president at the time of a terrorist attack he would respond in a "robust" way. ](/news/2004/09/13/united-states-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-says-that-he-saw-no-direct-connection-between-saddam-hussein-s-former-regime-in-iraq-and-the.md) _Context: Colin Powell, Meet the Press, United States Secretary of State_
2. [In the United States, Hillary Clinton is criticized by the State Department's inspector general for her usage of a private email server while she was secretary of state. The finding also concluded though that former secretary of state Colin Powell also had a private email server, as did former ambassador to Kenya Scott Gration. The inspector referred to the email server usage as "longstanding systemic weaknesses". ](/news/2016/05/25/in-the-united-states-hillary-clinton-is-criticized-by-the-state-departmentas-inspector-general-for-her-usage-of-a-private-email-server-wh.md) _Context: Colin Powell, United States Secretary of State_
3. [ Retired General and former Secretary of State Colin Powell endorses Barack Obama for President of the United States. ](/news/2008/10/19/retired-general-and-former-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-endorses-barack-obama-for-president-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: Colin Powell, United States Secretary of State_
4. [ The United Kingdom asks United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice to release five residents of the UK from the Guantanamo Bay detention camp. ](/news/2007/08/7/the-united-kingdom-asks-united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-to-release-five-residents-of-the-uk-from-the-guantanamo-bay-deten.md) _Context: Guantanamo Bay Detention Camp, United States Secretary of State_
5. [United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions, along with Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein and National Intelligence Director Dan Coats visit the Guantanamo Bay Detention Camp. ](/news/2017/07/7/united-states-attorney-general-jeff-sessions-along-with-deputy-attorney-general-rod-rosenstein-and-national-intelligence-director-dan-coats.md) _Context: Guantanamo Bay Detention Camp_
6. [A Guantanamo military commission charges detainee Riduan Isamuddin for his roles in the 2002 Bali bombings and the 2003 Marriott Hotel bombing. The Pentagon is yet to decide whether to threaten capital punishment. ](/news/2017/06/23/a-guantanamo-military-commission-charges-detainee-riduan-isamuddin-for-his-roles-in-the-2002-bali-bombings-and-the-2003-marriott-hotel-bombi.md) _Context: Guantanamo Bay Detention Camp_
7. [United States Secretary of State Rex Tillerson says he thinks the longer term status of president Bashar al-Assad is to be "decided by the Syrian people". This appears as a policy shift, since under president Barack Obama's administration, the United States made the departure of Assad a key policy aim. ](/news/2017/03/30/united-states-secretary-of-state-rex-tillerson-says-he-thinks-the-longer-term-status-of-president-bashar-al-assad-is-to-be-decided-by-the-s.md) _Context: United States Secretary of State_
8. [The United States Senate, in a 56-43 vote, confirms Rex Tillerson's nomination as United States Secretary of State. ](/news/2017/02/1/the-united-states-senate-in-a-56a43-vote-confirms-rex-tillerson-s-nomination-as-united-states-secretary-of-state.md) _Context: United States Secretary of State_
9. [The State Department memorandum about concerns with this travel ban is submitted to acting Secretary of State Tom Shannon through the federal government's Dissent Channel. This protest memo had between 900-1,000 signatures. Department officials said these signatures are far more than any dissent cable in recent years, adding more diplomats want to add their names to it. ](/news/2017/01/31/the-state-department-memorandum-about-concerns-with-this-travel-ban-is-submitted-to-acting-secretary-of-state-tom-shannon-through-the-federa.md) _Context: United States Secretary of State_
10. [Oman receives 10 former detainees of the Guantanamo Bay detention camp following a request by the United States to take them. ](/news/2017/01/16/oman-receives-10-former-detainees-of-the-guantanamo-bay-detention-camp-following-a-request-by-the-united-states-to-take-them.md) _Context: Guantanamo Bay Detention Camp_
