### [2012-07-25](/news/2012/07/25/index.md)

# North Korea state media declares the marriage of Kim Jong-un and Ri Sol-ju. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-18986249)

### Related:

1. [Malaysia-North Korea relations: North Korea temporarily bans all Malaysian nationals (estimated to be at least 11 people including embassy employees) from leaving the country amid a growing dispute between the two countries over the death of Kim Jong-nam, the half-brother of Kim Jong-un. Malaysian official Khairy Jamaluddin calls the move "tantamount to taking hostages". ](/news/2017/03/7/malaysia-north-korea-relations-north-korea-temporarily-bans-all-malaysian-nationals-estimated-to-be-at-least-11-people-including-embassy.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea_
2. [Kim Jong-nam's assassination: Two women, Indonesian Siti Aisyah and Vietnamese Doan Thi Huong, are charged with murder in relation to the death of Kim Jong-nam, the estranged half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, at Kuala Lumpur International Airport. The women, who reportedly thought they were involved in a prank TV show, did not enter pleas. ](/news/2017/03/1/kim-jong-nam-s-assassination-two-women-indonesian-siti-aisyah-and-vietnamese-aoa-n-tha-haedegae-ng-are-charged-with-murder-in-relation-to.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea_
3. [Death of Kim Jong-nam: Malaysian police claim that Kim Jong-nam, half brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, was killed by VX nerve agent, a toxin used almost exclusively for chemical warfare. ](/news/2017/02/24/death-of-kim-jong-nam-malaysian-police-claim-that-kim-jong-nam-half-brother-of-north-korean-leader-kim-jong-un-was-killed-by-vx-nerve-age.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea_
4. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: Kim Jong Un, the leader of North Korea, claims that the country is close to developing an intercontinental ballistic missile. ](/news/2017/01/1/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-kim-jong-un-the-leader-of-north-korea-claims-that-the-country-is-close-to-developing-an-inter.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea_
5. [Two North Korean officials are reportedly publicly executed by Kim Jong-un after they allegedly disobeyed orders: former agriculture minister Hwang Min for unsuitable policies and Ri Yong Jin, a senior official at the education ministry, for sleeping at a meeting with Kim, disrespect for the leader and corruption. They were allegedly executed by anti-aircraft artillery fire. ](/news/2016/08/30/two-north-korean-officials-are-reportedly-publicly-executed-by-kim-jong-un-after-they-allegedly-disobeyed-orders-former-agriculture-ministe.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea_
6. [North Korea-United States relations: North Korea says the United States has "crossed the red line in our showdown" after placing sanctions on its leader Kim Jong-un over human rights abuses, and considers the sanctions to be a "declaration of war" by the United States. ](/news/2016/07/28/north-korea-united-states-relations-north-korea-says-the-united-states-has-crossed-the-red-line-in-our-showdown-after-placing-sanctions.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea_
7. [ North Korean leader Kim Jong-un rules out a nuclear first strike unless North Korea's sovereignty is violated. ](/news/2016/05/8/north-korean-leader-kim-jong-un-rules-out-a-nuclear-first-strike-unless-north-korea-s-sovereignty-is-violated.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea_
8. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea's state media reports Supreme Leader Kim Jong-un, in comments released today, states the country has miniaturized nuclear warheads to be mounted on ballistic missiles, and has ordered improvements in the power and precision of its arsenal. ](/news/2016/03/9/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-s-state-media-reports-supreme-leader-kim-jong-un-in-comments-released-today-state.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea_
9. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea's supreme leader Kim Jong-un says his country will soon conduct a nuclear warhead test and test launch ballistic missiles capable of carrying nuclear warheads, according to North Korea's state media. ](/news/2016/03/14/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-s-supreme-leader-kim-jong-un-says-his-country-will-soon-conduct-a-nuclear-warhead-t.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea_
10. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: Kim Jong-un, the supreme leader of North Korea, orders the country to conduct more tests of nuclear weapons to improve its capacity. ](/news/2016/03/11/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-kim-jong-un-the-supreme-leader-of-north-korea-orders-the-country-to-conduct-more-tests-of-nuc.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea_
