### [2010-07-31](/news/2010/07/31/index.md)

# Pakistani intelligence officials cancel a planned visit to the United Kingdom after British Prime Minister David Cameron warned Pakistan to avoid links with groups that "promote the export of terror". However, a visit by President Asif Ali Zardari will go ahead. 

Pakistan says it expects &quot;fruitful&quot; talks between its president and David Cameron despite a row over comments about its alleged links to terror.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-10829159)

### Related:

1. [President of Pakistan Asif Ali Zardari arrives in the United Kingdom upon a five-day visit as the two countries disagree over David Cameron's remarks on "the export of terror". ](/news/2010/08/3/president-of-pakistan-asif-ali-zardari-arrives-in-the-united-kingdom-upon-a-five-day-visit-as-the-two-countries-disagree-over-david-cameron.md) _Context: Asif Ali Zardari, David Cameron, United Kingdom_
2. [The Government of Pakistan summons the British High Commissioner to Islamabad for a "dressing down" by Foreign Minister Shah Mehmood Qureshi over remarks made by the British Prime Minister David Cameron on Pakistan "looking both ways" on terrorism. ](/news/2010/08/2/the-government-of-pakistan-summons-the-british-high-commissioner-to-islamabad-for-a-dressing-down-by-foreign-minister-shah-mehmood-qureshi.md) _Context: David Cameron, Pakistan, United Kingdom_
3. [The origin of the zero may have been in South Asia according to a Sanskrit script housed in the United Kingdom since 1902 and discovered in Bakhshali near Peshawar, Pakistan. ](/news/2017/09/14/the-origin-of-the-zero-may-have-been-in-south-asia-according-to-a-sanskrit-script-housed-in-the-united-kingdom-since-1902-and-discovered-in.md) _Context: Pakistan, United Kingdom_
4. [Pakistani Chief of Air Staff Sohail Aman warns India not to escalate tensions in the disputed territory of Kashmir under the threat of a full-scale war. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson urges both sides to restrain themselves while on a diplomatic mission to Islamabad. ](/news/2016/11/24/pakistani-chief-of-air-staff-sohail-aman-warns-india-not-to-escalate-tensions-in-the-disputed-territory-of-kashmir-under-the-threat-of-a-ful.md) _Context: Pakistan, United Kingdom_
5. [The process to elect a new leader of the Conservative Party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron begins in the United Kingdom. The Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Stephen Crabb is the first Conservative Party politician to announce his official candidacy for leader. ](/news/2016/06/29/the-process-to-elect-a-new-leader-of-the-conservative-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-minister-david-cameron-begins-in-the-united-kingdom-t.md) _Context: David Cameron, United Kingdom_
6. [The United Kingdom votes, 52% to 48%, to leave the European Union. Prime Minister David Cameron, who called the referendum three years ago, announces his resignation indicating he will leave office by October. ](/news/2016/06/24/the-united-kingdom-votes-52-to-48-to-leave-the-european-union-prime-minister-david-cameron-who-called-the-referendum-three-years-ago.md) _Context: David Cameron, United Kingdom_
7. [U.S. President Barack Obama, in an op-ed in London's "Daily Telegraph", urges Britons to keep the U.K. in the European Union. Tomorrow, Obama is scheduled to have lunch with Prince Philip and Queen Elizabeth, who celebrated her 90th birthday today. He then will hold talks with Prime Minister David Cameron. ](/news/2016/04/21/u-s-president-barack-obama-in-an-op-ed-in-london-s-daily-telegraph-urges-britons-to-keep-the-u-k-in-the-european-union-tomorrow-obam.md) _Context: David Cameron, United Kingdom_
8. [Former President Pervez Musharraf travels to Dubai for medical treatment of his back and leg, before moving on to either the U.S. or U.K. for additional treatment, spokesperson Aasia Ishaque said. Musharraf, 72, will return to Pakistan to face all pending legal cases. Earlier this week, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's government implemented the Supreme Court ruling, and lifted the 2013 ban that barred Musharraf from international trips. ](/news/2016/03/18/former-president-pervez-musharraf-travels-to-dubai-for-medical-treatment-of-his-back-and-leg-before-moving-on-to-either-the-u-s-or-u-k-fo.md) _Context: Pakistan, United Kingdom_
9. [The United Kingdom's Prime Minister David Cameron announces he will suspend collective responsibility ahead of the referendum on the country's EU membership, allowing ministers to campaign for the UK to leave the European Union. A member of his cabinet was reportedly due to resign over the issue within 24 hours. ](/news/2016/01/5/the-united-kingdom-s-prime-minister-david-cameron-announces-he-will-suspend-collective-responsibility-ahead-of-the-referendum-on-the-country.md) _Context: David Cameron, United Kingdom_
10. [British Prime Minister David Cameron, in a speech to the House of Commons says that Islamic extremists have already threatened citizens of the United Kingdom and UK military airstrikes against ISIL in Syria will serve only to make the UK safer. Cameron also says that the UK cannot outsource its security and must stand by France in the wake of the November 2015 Paris attacks. ](/news/2015/11/26/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-in-a-speech-to-the-house-of-commons-says-that-islamic-extremists-have-already-threatened-citizens-of-t.md) _Context: David Cameron, United Kingdom_
