### [2010-07-31](/news/2010/07/31/index.md)

# The Federal Bureau of Investigation is investigating whether civilians conspired with a US soldier to release classified information available on Wikileaks. 

The FBI is investigating whether civilians conspired with a U.S. soldier to give classified information to WikiLeaks, an official at the agency says.


### Source:

1. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/US/2010/07/31/FBI-involved-in-WikiLeaks-probe/UPI-10641280600419/)

### Related:

1. [''United States v Bradley Manning'': United States Army private Chelsea Manning (legally Bradley Manning) is sentenced to 35 years in jail for providing classified material to WikiLeaks. ](/news/2013/08/21/united-states-v-bradley-manning-united-states-army-private-chelsea-manning-legally-bradley-manning-is-sentenced-to-35-years-in-jail-f.md) _Context: United States Army, Wikileaks_
2. [In ''United States v. Bradley Manning'', Bradley Manning is acquitted of aiding the enemy for giving classified United States Army information to WikiLeaks. Manning is found guilty of five espionage charges and five theft charges.  ](/news/2013/07/30/in-united-states-v-bradley-manning-bradley-manning-is-acquitted-of-aiding-the-enemy-for-giving-classified-united-states-army-informati.md) _Context: United States Army, Wikileaks_
3. [''United States v. Bradley Manning'':The trial of U.S. serviceman Bradley Manning for leaking classified material to WikiLeaks continues in Fort Meade, Maryland. Former computer hacker Adrian Lamo, who turned Manning in to his persecutors, gives evidence at the court martial. ](/news/2013/06/4/united-states-v-bradley-manning-pthe-trial-of-u-s-serviceman-bradley-manning-for-leaking-classified-material-to-wikileaks-continues-in.md) _Context: United States Army, Wikileaks_
4. [The trial of United States Army private Bradley Manning for leaking classified material to WikiLeaks begins in Fort Meade, Maryland. ](/news/2013/06/3/the-trial-of-united-states-army-private-bradley-manning-for-leaking-classified-material-to-wikileaks-begins-in-fort-meade-maryland.md) _Context: United States Army, Wikileaks_
5. [Wikileaks suspect United States Army Private Bradley Manning is formally charged ahead of a court martial. ](/news/2012/02/23/wikileaks-suspect-united-states-army-private-bradley-manning-is-formally-charged-ahead-of-a-court-martial.md) _Context: United States Army, Wikileaks_
6. [United Nations special rapporteur on torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment Juan E. Mendez suggests the United States is violating UN rules by refusing unmonitored access to imprisoned United States Army private Bradley Manning, the young serviceman the Obama administration accuses of passing classified information on secret U.S. activities to the WikiLeaks whistleblower website. ](/news/2011/07/12/united-nations-special-rapporteur-on-torture-and-other-cruel-inhuman-or-degrading-treatment-or-punishment-juan-e-ma-c-ndez-suggests-the-unit.md) _Context: United States Army, Wikileaks_
7. [WikiLeaks reveals that the United States Federal Bureau of Investigation had launched an investigation of a previously unknown group of men believed to be involved in the September 11 attacks. ](/news/2011/02/2/wikileaks-reveals-that-the-united-states-federal-bureau-of-investigation-had-launched-an-investigation-of-a-previously-unknown-group-of-men.md) _Context: Federal Bureau of Investigation, Wikileaks_
8. [WikiLeaks:The United Nations office for torture issues in Geneva investigates an abuse complaint concerning United States Army private Bradley Manning, suspected by the United States government of passing classified documents to the WikiLeaks website. ](/news/2010/12/22/wikileaks-pthe-united-nations-office-for-torture-issues-in-geneva-investigates-an-abuse-complaint-concerning-united-states-army-private-brad.md) _Context: United States Army, Wikileaks_
9. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):A Taliban spokesman warns Afghans listed in the Afghan War Diary published on Wikileaks that "we know how to punish them". ](/news/2010/07/30/war-in-afghanistan-2001apresent-pa-taliban-spokesman-warns-afghans-listed-in-the-afghan-war-diary-published-on-wikileaks-that-we-know-h.md) _Context: Wikileaks, classified information_
10. [''Assange v Swedish Prosecution Authority''Swedish prosecutors drop a seven-year sexual assault investigation into Wikileaks founder Julian Assange. ](/news/2017/05/19/assange-v-swedish-prosecution-authority-pswedish-prosecutors-drop-a-seven-year-sexual-assault-investigation-into-wikileaks-founder-julian.md) _Context: Wikileaks_
