### [2014-11-2](/news/2014/11/2/index.md)

# 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:Voters in break away "people's republics" (Donetsk People's Republic and Lugansk People's Republic respectively) in Donetsk and Luhansk go to the polls for parliamentary and presidential elections. Rebel leaders Alexander Zakharchenko (Donetsk) and Igor Plotnisky (Luhansk) appear set for victory in early counting in elections which will be recognised in Russia but not elsewhere. International observers noted a very high turnout. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-29831028)

### Related:

1. [DPR leader Alexander Zakharchenko announced that the self-declared Donetsk People's Republic (DPR) and Luhansk People's Republic (LPR) would form a new state called Malorossiya (Little Russia) as an official successor to what he called the "failed state" of Ukraine, with Donetsk replacing Kiev as the country's capital. Ukrainian president Petro Poroshenko and LPR leader Igor Plotnitsky denounced the plans. ](/news/2017/07/18/dpr-leader-alexander-zakharchenko-announced-that-the-self-declared-donetsk-people-s-republic-dpr-and-luhansk-people-s-republic-lpr-would.md) _Context: Alexander Zakharchenko, Donetsk, Donetsk People's Republic_
2. [At the Munich Security Conference, a truce between Russian-backed separatists and the Ukrainian army, per the Minsk Protocol, takes effect Monday. Pending a permanent political agreement, Russian President Vladimir Putin orders that   civil registration documents issued in separatist-held areas of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine be temporarily recognized.  Ukrainian authorities say this violates provisions in the Minsk agreement. This is the third such agreement because the previous two in 2014 and 2015 were violated. Low-level fighting and artillery fire never fully stopped. ](/news/2017/02/18/at-the-munich-security-conference-a-truce-between-russian-backed-separatists-and-the-ukrainian-army-per-the-minsk-protocol-takes-effect-m.md) _Context: Donetsk, Luhansk, Russia_
3. [A bomb placed in an elevator shaft kills Pro-Russian, high-ranking officer of the Donetsk People's Republic's special forces, Arseny Pavlov, also known as "Motorola", in Donetsk. ](/news/2016/10/16/a-bomb-placed-in-an-elevator-shaft-kills-pro-russian-high-ranking-officer-of-the-donetsk-people-s-republic-s-special-forces-arseny-pavlov.md) _Context: Donetsk, Donetsk People's Republic, Russia_
4. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: War in Donbass:Ukrainian government forces recapture control of Yasynuvata from pro-Russian insurgents; government troops have now all but encircled the rebels' second-largest stronghold of Luhansk, and rebels declared a "state of siege" in Donetsk. ](/news/2014/08/4/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-war-in-donbass-pukrainian-government-forces-recapture-control-of-yasynuvata-from-pro-russian-insurgents.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Donetsk, Luhansk_
5. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: War in Donbass:The pro-Russian separatists in Donetsk, who are now in great danger of being encircled by the Ukraine government forces, renew their calls for Russia to send troops and arms to their aid. ](/news/2014/08/3/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-war-in-donbass-pthe-pro-russian-separatists-in-donetsk-who-are-now-in-great-danger-of-being-encircled-b.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Donetsk, Russia_
6. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:A Ukrainian Antonov An-26 military transport plane was shot down near Luhansk where there is currently heavy fighting between Ukrainian forces and separatist rebels. The Ukraine claims that it was shot down by a rocket fired from Russia. ](/news/2014/07/14/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-pa-ukrainian-antonov-an-26-military-transport-plane-was-shot-down-near-luhansk-where-there-is-currently-h.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Luhansk, Russia_
7. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:Ukrainian billionaire Rinat Akhmetov asks workers to stage a peace rally in the Donetsk region in protest against the self-proclaimed Donetsk People's Republic. ](/news/2014/05/20/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-pukrainian-billionaire-rinat-akhmetov-asks-workers-to-stage-a-peace-rally-in-the-donetsk-region-in-protes.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Donetsk, Donetsk People's Republic_
8. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:Pro-Russian insurgents in Donetsk and Luhansk declare the cities independent states whilst on choosing to join Russia after controversial hastily-arranged referendums. ](/news/2014/05/12/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-ppro-russian-insurgents-in-donetsk-and-luhansk-declare-the-cities-independent-states-whilst-on-choosing-t.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Donetsk People's Republic, Russia_
9. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:Pro-Russian separatists in Donetsk say they will not leave the government buildings, defying the Kiev authorities and threatening a new international deal on Ukraine. ](/news/2014/04/18/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-ppro-russian-separatists-in-donetsk-say-they-will-not-leave-the-government-buildings-defying-the-kiev-au.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Donetsk, Russia_
10. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 17; Dutch-led investigators say Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 was downed over eastern Ukraine in 2014 by a Buk missile that had come from Russia. ](/news/2016/09/28/malaysia-airlines-flight-17-dutch-led-investigators-say-malaysia-airlines-flight-mh17-was-downed-over-eastern-ukraine-in-2014-by-a-buk-miss.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Russia_
