### [2014-11-2](/news/2014/11/2/index.md)

# Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant:: Over 300 members of the Sunni Albu Nimr tribe are executed by ISIS militants in Anbar Province, western Iraq. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters via Al Arabiya](http://english.alarabiya.net/en/News/middle-east/2014/11/03/Iraq-says-322-tribe-members-killed.html)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: Syrian Government forces enter Raqqa province, the joint capital of Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant. It is one of three simultaneous attacks in Iraq and Syria. ](/news/2016/06/4/syrian-civil-war-syrian-government-forces-enter-raqqa-province-the-joint-capital-of-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-it-is-one-of-thr.md) _Context: ISIL, Iraq_
2. [ Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): The Pentagon announces the death of Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIL) leader Abu Waheeb and three other militants in an airstrike near the town of Rutba, Iraq. ](/news/2016/05/9/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-the-pentagon-announces-the-death-of-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-syria-isil-leader-abu-waheeb-and-three-ot.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and Syria_
3. [ Iraqi civil war: Operation Breaking Terrorism: Siege of Fallujah (2016): Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi announces the start of a military operation to recapture Falluja from Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. ](/news/2016/05/22/iraqi-civil-war-operation-breaking-terrorism-siege-of-fallujah-2016-iraqi-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-announces-the-start-of-a-mili.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and Syria_
4. [ Iraqi civil war (2014-present): 17 May 2016 Baghdad bombings: At least 69 people are killed and 230 injured in a series of bomb attacks targeting Shiite neighborhoods in Baghdad, Iraq. Islamic State of Iraq and Syria claims responsibility for some of the attacks. ](/news/2016/05/17/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-17-may-2016-baghdad-bombings-at-least-69-people-are-killed-and-230-injured-in-a-series-of-bomb-attacks-t.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and Syria_
5. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Two Sunni mosques are bombed in central Iraq and a muezzin is killed amid fears of renewals of sectarian strife following Saudi Arabia's execution of Shi'ite cleric Nimr al-Nimr in Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2016/01/4/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-two-sunni-mosques-are-bombed-in-central-iraq-and-a-muezzin-is-killed-amid-fears-of-renewals-of-sectarian-s.md) _Context: Iraq, Sunni_
6. [Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant: ISIS claims responsibility for the deaths of two Syrian refugee activists who fled to Sanliurfa, Turkey, raising concerns about the group-s reach in countries outside of Syria and Iraq. Ibrahim Abdel Qader, a founder of Raqqa Is Being Slaughtered Silently, and Fares Hammadi are said to have been killed by an acquaintance posing as a defector from ISIS. ](/news/2015/11/3/islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-isis-claims-responsibility-for-the-deaths-of-two-syrian-refugee-activists-who-fled-to-sanliurfa-turke.md) _Context: ISIL, Iraq_
7. [American-led intervention in Iraq (2014-present): American-led intervention in Syria: United States Defense Secretary Ashton Carter says the U.S. will begin "direct action on the ground" against the ISIL forces in Iraq and Syria, aiming to intensify pressure on the militants as progress against the militants remains elusive. The U.S. has done some special operations raids in Syria, e.g., last week's rescue operation with Kurdish forces in northern Iraq to free hostages held by ISIL. Carter also said the U.S. would intensify the air campaign against ISIL with heavier airstrikes and will focus on Raqqa, the group's declared capital in Syria. ](/news/2015/10/27/american-led-intervention-in-iraq-2014-present-american-led-intervention-in-syria-united-states-defense-secretary-ashton-carter-says-t.md) _Context: ISIL, Iraq_
8. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Iraq says that Iran, Russia and Syria are assisting it in its fight with the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2015/09/26/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-iraq-says-that-iran-russia-and-syria-are-assisting-it-in-its-fight-with-the-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the.md) _Context: ISIL, Iraq_
9. [Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant: ISIL claims responsibility for a bombing in central Iraqi city of Baquba that killed at least 30 people and injured 40 more. ](/news/2015/08/10/islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-isil-claims-responsibility-for-a-bombing-in-central-iraqi-city-of-baquba-that-killed-at-least-30-peopl.md) _Context: ISIL, Iraq_
10. [Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant: The Governor of Iraq's Anbar Governorate estimates that 500 people were killed and 8000 fled as ISIS captured the strategically important city of Ramadi. ](/news/2015/05/18/islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-the-governor-of-iraq-s-anbar-governorate-estimates-that-500-people-were-killed-and-8000-fled-as-isis-c.md) _Context: ISIL, Iraq_
