
Formats: [HTML](/news/2014/11/2/more-than-18-million-romanians-are-expected-to-go-to-the-polls-to-choose-their-president-in-one-of-the-most-important-elections-since-the-19.html)  [JSON](/news/2014/11/2/more-than-18-million-romanians-are-expected-to-go-to-the-polls-to-choose-their-president-in-one-of-the-most-important-elections-since-the-19.json)  [XML](/news/2014/11/2/more-than-18-million-romanians-are-expected-to-go-to-the-polls-to-choose-their-president-in-one-of-the-most-important-elections-since-the-19.xml)  

### [2014-11-2](/news/2014/11/2/index.md)

##### President
# More than 18 million Romanians are expected to go to the polls to choose their president in one of the most important elections since the 1989 revolution. "[http:--english.hotnews.ro-stiri-top_news-18434801-romania-heads-first-round-presidential-elections-key-moment-for-democracy-and-state-law.htm (HotNews.ro)]" "[http:--www.euractiv.com-sections-elections-romanians-elect-new-president-atmosphere-scandal-309682 (EurActiv)]"Romanian Prime Minister Victor Ponta, from the rulling PSD, and the ethnic German mayor of Sibiu Klaus Iohannis, from the opposition ACL electoral alliance, will face a November 16 runoff, with the incumbent Social democrat premier favored to win. "[http:--www.bbc.com-news-world-europe-29874030 (BBC)]" 




### Changes:

1. [Romanian presidential election, 2014:More than 18 million Romanians are expected to go to the polls to choose their president in one of the most important elections since the 1989 revolution. ''[http:--english.hotnews.ro-stiri-top_news-18434801-romania-heads-first-round-presidential-elections-key-moment-for-democracy-and-state-law.htm (HotNews.ro)]'' ''[http:--www.euractiv.com-sections-elections-romanians-elect-new-president-atmosphere-scandal-309682 (EurActiv)]''Romanian Prime Minister Victor Ponta, from the rulling PSD, and the ethnic German mayor of Sibiu Klaus Iohannis, from the opposition ACL electoral alliance, will face a November 16 runoff, with the incumbent Social democrat premier favored to win. ''[http:--www.bbc.com-news-world-europe-29874030 (BBC)]'' ](/news/2014/11/2/romanian-presidential-election-2014-pmore-than-18-million-romanians-are-expected-to-go-to-the-polls-to-choose-their-president-in-one-of-the.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:26 (First version)_
2. [Romanian presidential election, 2014:: More than 18 million Romanians are expected to go to the polls to choose their president in one of the most important elections since the 1989 revolution. "[http:--english.hotnews.ro-stiri-top_news-18434801-romania-heads-first-round-presidential-elections-key-moment-for-democracy-and-state-law.htm (HotNews.ro)]" "[http:--www.euractiv.com-sections-elections-romanians-elect-new-president-atmosphere-scandal-309682 (EurActiv)]": Romanian Prime Minister Victor Ponta, from the rulling PSD, and the ethnic German mayor of Sibiu Klaus Iohannis, from the opposition ACL electoral alliance, will face a November 16 runoff, with the incumbent Social democrat premier favored to win. "[http:--www.bbc.com-news-world-europe-29874030 (BBC)]" ](/news/2014/11/2/romanian-presidential-election-2014-more-than-18-million-romanians-are-expected-to-go-to-the-polls-to-choose-their-president-in-one-of-th.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:26 (Update)_
2. [More than 18 million Romanians are expected to go to the polls to choose their president in one of the most important elections since the 1989 revolution. "[http:--english.hotnews.ro-stiri-top_news-18434801-romania-heads-first-round-presidential-elections-key-moment-for-democracy-and-state-law.htm (HotNews.ro)]" "[http:--www.euractiv.com-sections-elections-romanians-elect-new-president-atmosphere-scandal-309682 (EurActiv)]"Romanian Prime Minister Victor Ponta, from the rulling PSD, and the ethnic German mayor of Sibiu Klaus Iohannis, from the opposition ACL electoral alliance, will face a November 16 runoff, with the incumbent Social democrat premier favored to win. "[http:--www.bbc.com-news-world-europe-29874030 (BBC)]" ](/news/2014/11/2/more-than-18-million-romanians-are-expected-to-go-to-the-polls-to-choose-their-president-in-one-of-the-most-important-elections-since-the-19.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [Romanian President Klaus Iohannis designates social-democrat Sorin Grindeanu as the country's new prime minister, after the victory of the centre-left PSD earlier this month. ](/news/2016/12/30/romanian-president-klaus-iohannis-designates-social-democrat-sorin-grindeanu-as-the-country-s-new-prime-minister-after-the-victory-of-the-c.md) _Context: Klaus Iohannis, PSD, President, Prime Minister_
2. [Voters in Romania go to the polls for the second round of the presidential election with Klaus Iohannis scoring an upset victory over current Prime Minister Victor Ponta. ](/news/2014/11/16/voters-in-romania-go-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-the-presidential-election-with-klaus-iohannis-scoring-an-upset-victory-over-curren.md) _Context: Klaus Iohannis, Prime Minister, Romanian presidential election, 2014, Victor Ponta_
3. [Romanian President Traian Basescu sparks a new crisis by refusing to sign the country's IMF accord and threatens Prime Minister Victor Ponta's government with rejecting the national budget, blocking important indexations of salaries and pensions for the following year, over an ongoing political feud between the two leaders. ](/news/2013/12/3/romanian-president-traian-basescu-sparks-a-new-crisis-by-refusing-to-sign-the-country-s-imf-accord-and-threatens-prime-minister-victor-pont.md) _Context: President, Prime Minister, Victor Ponta_
4. [The President of Romania nominates current Prime Minister Victor Ponta of the Social Liberal Union to form a new government after the parliamentary election held earlier this month. ](/news/2012/12/17/the-president-of-romania-nominates-current-prime-minister-victor-ponta-of-the-social-liberal-union-to-form-a-new-government-after-the-parlia.md) _Context: President, Prime Minister, Victor Ponta_
5. [Viorica Dancila (PSD) is confirmed as Romania's first female Prime Minister. She is Romania's third premier in less than 13 months. ](/news/2018/01/29/viorica-dancila-psd-is-confirmed-as-romania-s-first-female-prime-minister-she-is-romaniaas-third-premier-in-less-than-13-months.md) _Context: PSD, Prime Minister_
