### [2017-06-27](/news/2017/06/27/index.md)

# Aftermath of the Bosnian War and An appeals court of The Hague rules that the Dutch State was partly to blame for the deaths of some 350 Muslim Bosnians men in the 1995 Srebrenica genocide and, in a move considered landmark, orders it to pay limited damages. 

A Dutch appeals court ruled on Tuesday the state was partly to blame for the deaths of some 350 Muslim men in the 1995 Srebrenica genocide, and in a landmark move ordered it to pay limited damages.


### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-40417019)
2. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/06/27/court-rules-dutch-state-partly-blame-death-350-bosnian-muslims/)

### Related:

1. [The war crime convictions of Momcilo Perisic are overturned by a war crimes tribunal in The Hague. The Serbian general had been convicted and sentenced in 2011 for atrocities perpetrated both during wars in Croatia and Bosnia. ](/news/2013/02/28/the-war-crime-convictions-of-momailo-peria-ia-are-overturned-by-a-war-crimes-tribunal-in-the-hague-the-serbian-general-had-been-convicted.md) _Context: Bosnian War, The Hague_
2. [Trial of Ratko Mladic in The Hague:Former Bosnian Serb Colonel General Ratko Mladic is scheduled to enter a plea on charges of genocide in the Srebrenica massacre during the Bosnian war at a United Nations war crimes court. ](/news/2011/07/4/trial-of-ratko-mladia-in-the-hague-pformer-bosnian-serb-colonel-general-ratko-mladia-is-scheduled-to-enter-a-plea-on-charges-of-genocide-i.md) _Context: Bosnian War, The Hague_
3. [Former Bosnian Serb President Biljana Plavsic pled guilty to one count of crimes against humanity at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in The Hague for her part in atrocities against Bosnian Muslims and Croats during the 1992-95 Bosnian War. ](/news/2002/12/16/former-bosnian-serb-president-biljana-plava-ia-pled-guilty-to-one-count-of-crimes-against-humanity-at-the-international-criminal-tribunal-f.md) _Context: Bosnian War, The Hague_
4. [A Filipino lawyer files a complaint of "mass murder and crimes against humanity" against Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte and eleven other officials at the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2017/04/24/a-filipino-lawyer-files-a-complaint-of-mass-murder-and-crimes-against-humanity-against-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-and-eleven-ot.md) _Context: The Hague_
5. [Bosnia and Herzegovina officially releases its first census report since the end of the Bosnian War after multiple delays, showing that the country had lost one fifth of its population from 4.4 million to 3.5 million between then and 2013. ](/news/2016/06/30/bosnia-and-herzegovina-officially-releases-its-first-census-report-since-the-end-of-the-bosnian-war-after-multiple-delays-showing-that-the.md) _Context: Bosnian War_
6. [Judges at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia find former President of the Republika Srpska Radovan Karadzic guilty of committing genocide and crimes against humanity in Bosnia during the Bosnian War and is sentenced to 40 years in prison. Karadzic is found to be "criminally responsible" for the Srebrenica massacre. ](/news/2016/03/24/judges-at-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-find-former-president-of-the-republika-srpska-radovan-karada3-4ia-gui.md) _Context: Bosnian War_
7. [The trial of former President of the Ivory Coast Laurent Gbagbo for crimes against humanity begins at the International Criminal Court in The Hague. ](/news/2016/01/28/the-trial-of-former-president-of-the-ivory-coast-laurent-gbagbo-for-crimes-against-humanity-begins-at-the-international-criminal-court-in-th.md) _Context: The Hague_
8. [A special court is set up at The Hague to try Kosovo Liberation Army suspects for alleged war crimes against ethnic minorities and political opponents. ](/news/2016/01/15/a-special-court-is-set-up-at-the-hague-to-try-kosovo-liberation-army-suspects-for-alleged-war-crimes-against-ethnic-minorities-and-political.md) _Context: The Hague_
9. [The United Nations General Assembly humanitarian committee adopts, by a 112&ndash;19 vote (with 50 abstentions), a resolution that condemns North Korea for gross violations of human rights and supports referring the country and its leaders to the International Criminal Court in The Hague. The resolution will be sent to the full General Assembly, where it is expected to pass, given the committee vote. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-united-nations-general-assembly-humanitarian-committee-adopts-by-a-112-ndash-19-vote-with-50-abstentions-a-resolution-that-condemns.md) _Context: The Hague_
10. [The Permanent Court of Arbitration in The Hague rules it has jurisdiction to hear the Philippines' case against China over maritime disputes in the South China Sea. ](/news/2015/10/30/the-permanent-court-of-arbitration-in-the-hague-rules-it-has-jurisdiction-to-hear-the-philippines-case-against-china-over-maritime-disputes.md) _Context: The Hague_
