### [2017-06-27](/news/2017/06/27/index.md)

# Armed civilian groups attack the National Assembly building, after a clash between lawmakers and the Bolivarian National Guard (GNB), leaving various legislators and journalists injured. Opposition legislator and President of the Assembly Julio Borges blames President Nicolas Maduro for the attack. 

Armed civilian groups have attacked the Venezuelan Parliament building after a clash between lawmakers and the military police of the Bolivarian National Guard.


### Source:

1. [Firstpost](http://www.firstpost.com/world/venezuelan-parliament-attacked-by-armed-civilian-groups-several-legislators-and-reporters-injured-3752637.html)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-venezuela-politics-idUSKBN19I2RV)

### Related:

1. [Supporters of Venezuelan President Nicols Maduro storm the opposition-controlled National Assembly and injure several lawmakers, including the President of the National Assembly, Julio Borges. Several journalists were also injured in the assault. ](/news/2017/07/5/supporters-of-venezuelan-president-nicolas-maduro-storm-the-opposition-controlled-national-assembly-and-injure-several-lawmakers-including.md) _Context: Julio Borges, President of the National Assembly, ongoing protests_
2. [Voters in Venezuela participate in a controversial election for members of a new Constitutional Assembly, devised by President Nicols Maduro to amend the constitution following a legislative takeover in March. Many Venezuelans question the election's legitimacy, resulting in boycotts and ongoing protests. ](/news/2017/07/30/voters-in-venezuela-participate-in-a-controversial-election-for-members-of-a-new-constitutional-assembly-devised-by-president-nicolas-madur.md) _Context: legislative takeover in March, ongoing protests_
3. [The Supreme Court of Venezuela bars Luisa Ortega Diaz, the chief prosecutor and outspoken critic of president Nicolas Maduro,  from leaving the country and freezes her assets. ](/news/2017/06/28/the-supreme-court-of-venezuela-bars-luisa-ortega-daaz-the-chief-prosecutor-and-outspoken-critic-of-president-nicola-s-maduro-from-leavin.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, legislative takeover in March_
4. [The Supreme Court paves the way for the prosecution of Prosecutor General Luisa Ortega Diaz after she voiced criticism towards President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2017/06/20/the-supreme-court-paves-the-way-for-the-prosecution-of-prosecutor-general-luisa-ortega-daaz-after-she-voiced-criticism-towards-president-ni.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, ongoing protests_
5. [A young man is shot dead in Valencia, Carabobo, amid ongoing protests against the government of Nicolas Maduro. Protesters tear down a statue of former President Hugo Chavez in Rosario de Perija. ](/news/2017/05/6/a-young-man-is-shot-dead-in-valencia-carabobo-amid-ongoing-protests-against-the-government-of-nicola-s-maduro-protesters-tear-down-a-stat.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, ongoing protests_
6. [A student is killed amid gunfire in El Tigre, raising the death toll in protests against Nicolas Maduro's government to at least 37 in the past month. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-student-is-killed-amid-gunfire-in-el-tigre-raising-the-death-toll-in-protests-against-nicola-s-maduro-s-government-to-at-least-37-in-the.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, ongoing protests_
7. [Marking the 50th consecutive day of protests, hundreds of thousands demonstrate throughout Venezuela against President Nicolas Maduro, with civil unrest growing despite the increasing number of casualties. ](/news/2017/05/20/marking-the-50th-consecutive-day-of-protests-hundreds-of-thousands-demonstrate-throughout-venezuela-against-president-nicola-s-maduro-with.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, ongoing protests_
8. [Venezuelan opposition lawmaker, Julio Borges, is left bloodied after being hit in the face with a pipe in downtown Caracas. He spoke at a press conference after the attack with blood streaming down from his nose and mouth, and bloody stains on his button-down shirt, accusing the attackers of being supporters of President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/06/9/venezuelan-opposition-lawmaker-julio-borges-is-left-bloodied-after-being-hit-in-the-face-with-a-pipe-in-downtown-caracas-he-spoke-at-a-pr.md) _Context: Julio Borges, Nicolas Maduro_
9. [The Venezuelan oppositor leader Leopoldo Lopez, leader of the Popular Will party, leaves the jail after almost 3 years and a half of confinement, to happen to comply house arrest with an electronic shackle. According to the Supreme Tribunal, this measure was taken for humanitarian reasons. Lopez was sentenced to 13 years and 9 months of imprisonment for supposedly instigate to violence during the 2014 anti-Goverment protests, although his supporters and much of the international community deny this version and consider that exist a political persecution against him. ](/news/2017/07/8/the-venezuelan-oppositor-leader-leopoldo-la3pez-leader-of-the-popular-will-party-leaves-the-jail-after-almost-3-years-and-a-half-of-confin.md) _Context: ongoing protests_
10. [Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro says voting in his upcoming election on July 30 is mandatory for all 2.8 million state employees, with employees who do not vote facing ostracisation. Opponents of the government plan to hold their own unofficial referendum on the Maduro government on July 16. ](/news/2017/07/7/venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-says-voting-in-his-upcoming-election-on-july-30-is-mandatory-for-all-2-8-million-state-employees-with.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro_
