### [2017-06-27](/news/2017/06/27/index.md)

# Efforts to repeal and replace Obamacare. The U.S. Republican Party's leadership, facing strong opposition to the Senate version of H.R. 1628, the American Health Care Act of 2017, postpones the planned vote on the bill, a setback to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. 

U.S. Senate Republican leaders postponed a vote on a healthcare overhaul on Tuesday after resistance from members of their own party, and President Donald Trump summoned Republican senators to the White House to urge them to break the impasse.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''The Mercury News](http://www.mercurynews.com/2017/06/27/budget-office-sees-22-million-fewer-covered-with-senate-bill/)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-healthcare-republican-idUSKBN19I11V)

### Related:

1. [2017 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act replacement proposals. The American Health Care Act of 2017, an attempt to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, fails passage in the United States Senate. ](/news/2017/07/28/2017-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-replacement-proposals-the-american-health-care-act-of-2017-an-attempt-to-repeal-the-patien.md) _Context: American Health Care Act of 2017_
2. [American Health Care Act of 2017. The U.S. Senate releases its version of the American Health Care Act of 2017. ](/news/2017/06/22/american-health-care-act-of-2017-the-u-s-senate-releases-its-version-of-the-american-health-care-act-of-2017.md) _Context: American Health Care Act of 2017_
3. [Efforts to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. American Health Care Act of 2017. The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/efforts-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-american-health-care-act-of-2017-the-republican-controlled-united-states.md) _Context: American Health Care Act of 2017_
4. [American Health Care Act of 2017. The Congressional Budget Office predicts that in the next decade, the new health care bill recently approved by the U.S. House of Representatives will reduce the federal deficit by $120 billion and leave 23 million more Americans uninsured, as opposed to current law. ](/news/2017/05/24/american-health-care-act-of-2017-the-congressional-budget-office-predicts-that-in-the-next-decade-the-new-health-care-bill-recently-approv.md) _Context: American Health Care Act of 2017_
5. [American Health Care Act of 2017. The United States House of Representatives approaches a vote on a replacement plan for the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (aka Obamacare). ](/news/2017/03/23/american-health-care-act-of-2017-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-approaches-a-vote-on-a-replacement-plan-for-the-patient-protect.md) _Context: American Health Care Act of 2017_
6. [Cabinet of Donald Trump. The U.S. Senate confirms former U.S. labor secretary and deputy transportation secretary Elaine Chao as Secretary of Transportation. Chao is married to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. ](/news/2017/01/31/cabinet-of-donald-trump-the-u-s-senate-confirms-former-u-s-labor-secretary-and-deputy-transportation-secretary-elaine-chao-as-secretary-o.md) _Context: Mitch McConnell_
7. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump. President-elect Donald Trump names Tom Price as United States Secretary of Health and Human Services; former President George W. Bush Administration official and wife of Mitch McConnell Elaine Chao as United States Secretary of Transportation; ](/news/2016/11/29/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-president-elect-donald-trump-names-tom-price-as-united-states-secretary-of-health-and-human-service.md) _Context: Mitch McConnell_
8. [The Republican Speaker of the House Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell distance the party from presidential candidate Donald Trump-s recent comments calling for a ban on Muslims entering the United States. While not entering into a political fray - in view of U.S. partnerships with Muslim nations and Muslim personnel serving in the United States Armed Forces - the Pentagon press secretary calls anti-Muslim rhetoric a national security threat. ](/news/2015/12/9/the-republican-speaker-of-the-house-paul-ryan-and-senate-majority-leader-mitch-mcconnell-distance-the-party-from-presidential-candidate-dona.md) _Context: Mitch McConnell_
9. [United States Senate election in Kentucky, 2014. United States Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell's campaign manager Jesse Benton resigns after being involved in an alleged bribery scandal involving Iowa state Senator Kent Sorenson switching his support from Michele Bachmann to Ron Paul in the United States presidential election, 2012. ](/news/2014/08/30/united-states-senate-election-in-kentucky-2014-united-states-senate-minority-leader-mitch-mcconnell-s-campaign-manager-jesse-benton-resign.md) _Context: Mitch McConnell_
10. [ Senator Mitch McConnell becomes the leader of the Republicans in the United States Senate. ](/news/2006/11/15/senator-mitch-mcconnell-becomes-the-leader-of-the-republicans-in-the-united-states-senate.md) _Context: Mitch McConnell_
