### [2017-06-27](/news/2017/06/27/index.md)

# Facebook, Inc. announces that its social media service now has 2 billion regular users, more than a quarter of the world's population. Twitter, by comparison, has 328 million users as of April 2017. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-facebook-users-idUSKBN19I2GG)
1. [Cover Image](https://s2.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20170628&t=2&i=1190770514&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXMPED5R01E)

### Related:

1. [The father of Cal State Long Beach student Nohemi Gonzalez, the only American killed in the November 13, 2015, Paris massacre, files suit in San Francisco, California, federal court against Twitter, Facebook, and Google, alleging the companies provided "material support" to the Islamic State and other extremist groups. While generally free of liability under U.S. law which provides a legal "safe harbor" for content posted, this case targets the behavior social media companies enable. The suit is very similar to a case brought against Twitter in January by the widow of a contractor killed in the November 9, 2015, attack in Jordan. ](/news/2016/06/15/the-father-of-cal-state-long-beach-student-nohemi-gonzalez-the-only-american-killed-in-the-november-13-2015-paris-massacre-files-suit-in.md) _Context: Facebook, Twitter_
2. [Social networking service Facebook, and its photo-sharing subsidiary Instagram, ban private, person-to-person sales of guns via their services. ](/news/2016/01/30/social-networking-service-facebook-and-its-photo-sharing-subsidiary-instagram-ban-private-person-to-person-sales-of-guns-via-their-servic.md) _Context: Facebook, Social networking service_
3. [After the Egyptian government censorship of social media websites (such as Twitter, Facebook and Google), internet access and SMS networks are cut off in response to anti-government protests. ](/news/2011/01/28/after-the-egyptian-government-censorship-of-social-media-websites-such-as-twitter-facebook-and-google-internet-access-and-sms-networks-a.md) _Context: Facebook, Twitter_
4. [Facebook tells congressional investigators an operation, traced to a Russian company seeking to target voters, spent $100,000 on thousands of U.S. ads promoting divisive social and political messages during the 2016 U.S. election. ](/news/2017/09/6/facebook-tells-congressional-investigators-an-operation-traced-to-a-russian-company-seeking-to-target-voters-spent-100-000-on-thousands-o.md) _Context: Facebook_
5. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: Facebook_
6. [Facebook agrees to disclose ads that ran in the U.S. in 2016 from accounts associated with a Russian entity known as the Internet Research Agency to United States Congressional investigators. Earlier, this information was provided to Special Counsel Robert Mueller. ](/news/2017/09/21/facebook-agrees-to-disclose-ads-that-ran-in-the-u-s-in-2016-from-accounts-associated-with-a-russian-entity-known-as-the-internet-research-a.md) _Context: Facebook_
7. [Former businessman Martin Shkreli has his bail revoked for threatening former politician Hillary Clinton, after Shkreli posted on Twitter that he would offer $5,000 to anyone who could directly obtain a lock of Clinton's hair. Shkreli was convicted of fraud in August and is awaiting sentencing. ](/news/2017/09/13/former-businessman-martin-shkreli-has-his-bail-revoked-for-threatening-former-politician-hillary-clinton-after-shkreli-posted-on-twitter-th.md) _Context: Twitter_
8. [U.S. President Donald Trump tweets that transgender Americans will not be allowed to serve "in any capacity" in the United States Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/07/26/u-s-president-donald-trump-tweets-that-transgender-americans-will-not-be-allowed-to-serve-in-any-capacity-in-the-united-states-armed-forc.md) _Context: Twitter_
9. [Right-wing media personality Katie Hopkins is to leave LBC with "immediate effect" after Hopkins posted on Twitter calling for a so-called "final solution" to the United Kingdom's Islamic terrorism problem following the Manchester Arena bombing which left 22 people dead. ](/news/2017/05/26/right-wing-media-personality-katie-hopkins-is-to-leave-lbc-with-immediate-effect-after-hopkins-posted-on-twitter-calling-for-a-so-called.md) _Context: Twitter_
10. [The U.S. Department of Homeland Security withdraws its order that Twitter unmask a user whose tweets are critical of President Donald Trump following the company's court filing to block the order on constitutional grounds. ](/news/2017/04/7/the-u-s-department-of-homeland-security-withdraws-its-order-that-twitter-unmask-a-user-whose-tweets-are-critical-of-president-donald-trump.md) _Context: Twitter_
