### [2010-12-3](/news/2010/12/3/index.md)

# Politics in the United Kingdom:Former British Labour MP Phil Woolas loses his appeal to overturn an election court ruling that stripped him of his Parliamentary seat, thus triggering a by-election in his constituency. 

Former Labour MP Phil Woolas admits defeat in his battle to overturn a court ruling which stripped him of his Commons seat - paving the way for a by-election in Oldham.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-11904007)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-11904630)

### Related:

1. [The Labour Party wins the three by-elections held in the United Kingdom on Thursday. Steve Reed is elected in Croydon North, Andy McDonald in Middlesbrough and Sarah Champion in Rotherham. The UK Independence Party achieve second place in Middlesbrough and Rotherham, beating the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats. ](/news/2012/11/30/the-labour-party-wins-the-three-by-elections-held-in-the-united-kingdom-on-thursday-steve-reed-is-elected-in-croydon-north-andy-mcdonald-i.md) _Context: Labour Party, by-election_
2. [In the UK, Labour wins the Oldham East and Saddleworth by-election with a majority of more than 3,500. ](/news/2011/01/14/in-the-uk-labour-wins-the-oldham-east-and-saddleworth-by-election-with-a-majority-of-more-than-3-500.md) _Context: Labour Party, Oldham East and Saddleworth by-election_
3. [Voters in the English constituency of Oldham East and Saddleworth go to the polls for a by-election resulting in a win by Labour candidate Debbie Abrahams. ](/news/2011/01/13/voters-in-the-english-constituency-of-oldham-east-and-saddleworth-go-to-the-polls-for-a-by-election-resulting-in-a-win-by-labour-candidate-d.md) _Context: Labour Party, Oldham East and Saddleworth by-election_
4. [A specially convened Election court in the United Kingdom orders a re-run of the 2010 general election campaign in Oldham East and Saddleworth, the constituency of ex-immigration minster Phil Woolas, after he is found guilty of making false statements against an opponent during the original campaign. ](/news/2010/11/5/a-specially-convened-election-court-in-the-united-kingdom-orders-a-re-run-of-the-2010-general-election-campaign-in-oldham-east-and-saddlewor.md) _Context: Phil Woolas, election court_
5. [ Chloe Smith wins the Norwich North by-election, the first British constituency by-election since the United Kingdom Parliamentary expenses scandal, and gains the Conservative Party a seat held by Labour for the past 12 years. ](/news/2009/07/24/chloe-smith-wins-the-norwich-north-by-election-the-first-british-constituency-by-election-since-the-united-kingdom-parliamentary-expenses.md) _Context: Labour Party, by-election_
6. [ In the United Kingdom, the Labour Party wins a by-election in the seat of Sedgefield formerly held by Tony Blair as well as the constituency of Ealing Southall. ](/news/2007/07/19/in-the-united-kingdom-the-labour-party-wins-a-by-election-in-the-seat-of-sedgefield-formerly-held-by-tony-blair-as-well-as-the-constituenc.md) _Context: Labour Party, by-election_
7. [Early results from yesterday's elections indicate that the Conservative Party has gained ground, while the Labour Party and the UK Independence Party have lost ground. ](/news/2017/05/5/early-results-from-yesterday-s-elections-indicate-that-the-conservative-party-has-gained-ground-while-the-labour-party-and-the-uk-independe.md) _Context: Labour Party_
8. [The Communist Party of Britain announces it will not field any candidates in the upcoming general election for the first time since its formation in 1920, and endorses Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, saying victory for Mr Corbyn at the general election in June would be "the first step towards a formation of left-led government at Westminster". ](/news/2017/04/24/the-communist-party-of-britain-announces-it-will-not-field-any-candidates-in-the-upcoming-general-election-for-the-first-time-since-its-form.md) _Context: Labour Party_
9. [British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held-on-the-8th-of-june-a-two-thirds-major.md) _Context: Labour Party_
10. [Labour's Gareth Snell holds off UKIP's leader Paul Nuttall to win the Stoke-on-Trent Central by-election, while Conservative Party candidate Trudy Harrison wins the Copeland by-election,  the first gain for a governing party since 1982. ](/news/2017/02/23/labour-s-gareth-snell-holds-off-ukip-s-leader-paul-nuttall-to-win-the-stoke-on-trent-central-by-election-while-conservative-party-candidate.md) _Context: Labour Party_
