### [2010-12-3](/news/2010/12/3/index.md)

# Two Lebanese labourers are injured after the Israeli army detonates two of its espionage devices by remote control in the southern Lebanese city of Tyre. 

The Israeli army detonated two of its espionage devices Friday in southern Lebanon after Hizbullah discovered the equipment was being used to infiltrate its telecommunication network, a statement by the party said.


### Source:

1. [AFP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5jShH9pADHmOdOfHvTAG5qXppxj1g?docId=CNG.3023d7fcdeb5553eb95b62891d9d84d2.a11)
2. [Daily Star'' - Lebanon](http://www.dailystar.com.lb/article.asp?edition_id=1&categ_id=2&article_id=122191)

### Related:

1. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanon_
2. [A missile-strike in Jaramana in southern Syria kills high-ranking Lebanese Hezbollah commander Samir Kuntar and eight National Defence Force (NDF) personnel. The responsibility for the incident taken by the Free Syrian Army, though Hezbollah alleges Israeli involvement. Kuntar was the longest serving Lebanese prisoner in Israel until his release in 2008. On April 22, 1979 Kuntar and his team broke into an apartment building and kidnapped a father, 31-year-old Danny Haran, and his 4-year-old daughter, Einat, taking them to a nearby beach and killing them. ](/news/2015/12/20/a-missile-strike-in-jaramana-in-southern-syria-kills-high-ranking-lebanese-hezbollah-commander-samir-kuntar-and-eight-national-defence-force.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanon_
3. [Israeli agent Jonathan Pollard, a former U.S. intelligence analyst convicted and sentenced to a life imprisonment for providing top secret classified information to Israel, will be released by the Obama Administration on parole tomorrow after serving 30 years in a U.S. federal prison. He will be given an ankle monitor while he completes five years of parole in America. ](/news/2015/11/19/israeli-agent-jonathan-pollard-a-former-u-s-intelligence-analyst-convicted-and-sentenced-to-a-life-imprisonment-for-providing-top-secret-c.md) _Context: Israel, espionage_
4. [A massive sandstorm hits Lebanon and Syria as well as Jordan, Israel and Egypt. The Lebanese Health Ministry said the storm caused the deaths of two women, and sent hundreds to hospitals with breathing difficulties. Particularly hard hit were the 1.1 million Syrian refugees in Lebanon, many in flimsy tents in informal campsites. ](/news/2015/09/8/a-massive-sandstorm-hits-lebanon-and-syria-as-well-as-jordan-israel-and-egypt-the-lebanese-health-ministry-said-the-storm-caused-the-death.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanon_
5. [Two rockets are  launched at Israel from Lebanon. Israel fires  20 artillery shells into Lebanon in retaliation. ](/news/2013/12/29/two-rockets-are-launched-at-israel-from-lebanon-israel-fires-20-artillery-shells-into-lebanon-in-retaliation.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanon_
6. [Four Israeli soldiers are wounded by a landmine near the Lebanese border. ](/news/2013/08/7/four-israeli-soldiers-are-wounded-by-a-landmine-near-the-lebanese-border.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanon_
7. [Israeli warplanes strike Na'ameh, Lebanon in response to rocket attacks. ](/news/2013/08/23/israeli-warplanes-strike-na-ameh-lebanon-in-response-to-rocket-attacks.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanon_
8. [The Israeli Knesset approves an amendment to the Nationality Law in a 37-11 vote. The amendment empowers the Israeli court system to revoke the citizenships of Israeli citizens convicted of terrorism, aiding the enemy in wartime, causing war, serving in enemy forces or espionage.](/news/2011/03/29/the-israeli-knesset-approves-an-amendment-to-the-nationality-law-in-a-37-11-vote-the-amendment-empowers-the-israeli-court-system-to-revoke.md) _Context: Israel, espionage_
9. [Israeli-Lebanese conflict:Israel places troops stationed in northern Israel on high alert following the collapse of the Lebanese government. ](/news/2011/01/13/israelialebanese-conflict-pisrael-places-troops-stationed-in-northern-israel-on-high-alert-following-the-collapse-of-the-lebanese-governme.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanon_
10. [The Lebanese army claims that Israeli Air Force planes violated Lebanon's airspace several times, in violation of the United Nations Security Council Resolution, which ended the Israeli-Lebanese war of 2006 between Lebanese-based Islamic militant group Hezbollah and Israel. ](/news/2010/12/27/the-lebanese-army-claims-that-israeli-air-force-planes-violated-lebanon-s-airspace-several-times-in-violation-of-the-united-nations-securit.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanon_
