### [2013-04-1](/news/2013/04/1/index.md)

# 2013 Korean crisis: The annual session of North Korea's Parliament, the Supreme People's Assembly, takes place in Pyongyang, following repeated threats of violence by the leader Kim Jong-Un against South Korea and the United States. Choi Bu-Il is appointed Minister of Internal Security. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Channel NewsAsia](http://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/asiapacific/afp_asiapacific/n-korea-parliament-meets-as-tensions-soar/623366.html)

### Related:

1. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea threatens a pre-emptive nuclear strike against South Korea and the United States in response to the two nations' annual joint military exercise which Pyongyang considers is a pretext for an invasion. ](/news/2016/03/6/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-threatens-a-pre-emptive-nuclear-strike-against-south-korea-and-the-united-states-in.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang, South Korea, United States_
2. [Aftermath of the 2013 Korean crisis:. North Korea warns against an underway joint military drill by South Korea and the United States, stating that the exercise could jeopardize a recent easing of tension on the Korean Peninsula. ](/news/2013/08/29/aftermath-of-the-2013-korean-crisis-north-korea-warns-against-an-underway-joint-military-drill-by-south-korea-and-the-united-states-stati.md) _Context: 2013 Korean crisis, North Korea, South Korea, United States_
3. [2013 Korean crisis:. South Korea's defense ministry says it doubts North Korea has the ability to launch a nuclear-armed ballistic missile as claimed in a report by the United States Defense Intelligence Agency. ](/news/2013/04/12/2013-korean-crisis-south-korea-s-defense-ministry-says-it-doubts-north-korea-has-the-ability-to-launch-a-nuclear-armed-ballistic-missile-a.md) _Context: 2013 Korean crisis, North Korea, South Korea, United States_
4. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-east.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, United States_
5. [North Korea-South Korea relations. The United States deploys parts of its Terminal High Altitude Area Defense in South Korea amidst high tension caused by North Korea's escalation of its missile and nuclear weapons programs. ](/news/2017/04/26/north-korea-south-korea-relations-the-united-states-deploys-parts-of-its-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-in-south-korea-amidst-high-t.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, United States_
6. [China-North Korea relations. Air China suspends all flights to North Korea's capital Pyongyang amid rising tensions between North Korea and the United States. ](/news/2017/04/14/china-north-korea-relations-air-china-suspends-all-flights-to-north-korea-s-capital-pyongyang-amid-rising-tensions-between-north-korea-an.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang, United States_
7. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. According to South Korean and United States officials, a missile test in North Korea ends in failure, with the missile exploding seconds after launch. ](/news/2017/03/22/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-according-to-south-korean-and-united-states-officials-a-missile-test-in-north-korea-ends-in-fa.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, United States_
8. [North Korea-South Korea relations. South Korea and the United States start annual military drills despite North Korea's threats of nuclear attacks. ](/news/2016/08/22/north-korea-south-korea-relations-south-korea-and-the-united-states-start-annual-military-drills-despite-north-korea-s-threats-of-nuclear.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, United States_
9. [South Korea-United States relations. American and South Korean military officials agree to deploy a U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) missile defense system in the country to counter North Korea's growing threats and use of ballistic missile and nuclear tests. ](/news/2016/07/8/south-korea-united-states-relations-american-and-south-korean-military-officials-agree-to-deploy-a-u-s-terminal-high-altitude-area-defen.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, United States_
10. [North Korea-United States relations. North Korea says the United States has "crossed the red line in our showdown" after placing sanctions on its leader Kim Jong-un over human rights abuses, and considers the sanctions to be a "declaration of war" by the United States. ](/news/2016/07/28/north-korea-united-states-relations-north-korea-says-the-united-states-has-crossed-the-red-line-in-our-showdown-after-placing-sanctions.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, United States_
