### [2013-04-1](/news/2013/04/1/index.md)

# Apple Inc. publishes a letter, signed by CEO Tim Cook, to Chinese customers, to address the growing controversy over the company's warranty policies in the country. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2013/04/01/tech/mobile/apple-ceo-apologizes-china)

### Related:

1. [Cybersecurity software maker Check Point reports  ''HummingBad'' malware has infected at least 10 million Android devices, mostly in China and India. Check Point says a team of developers based in Beijing is behind ''HummingBad'' which gives hackers administrative-level access to infected devices.  Apple devices have been hit by similar malware.  ](/news/2016/07/5/cybersecurity-software-maker-check-point-reports-hummingbad-malware-has-infected-at-least-10-million-android-devices-mostly-in-china-a.md) _Context: Apple Inc., China_
2. [Apple pulls hundreds of iOS mobile applications  from its App Store which, the company discovered, includes software that was secretly sending users' personal information to an advertising firm in China. ](/news/2015/10/19/apple-pulls-hundreds-of-ios-mobile-applications-from-its-app-store-which-the-company-discovered-includes-software-that-was-secretly-sendi.md) _Context: Apple Inc., China_
3. [Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook arrives in China for talks with government officials to clear up problems in the firm's biggest growth market, including the contested iPad trademark and treatment of local labor. ](/news/2012/03/27/apple-inc-chief-executive-tim-cook-arrives-in-china-for-talks-with-government-officials-to-clear-up-problems-in-the-firm-s-biggest-growth-ma.md) _Context: Apple Inc., Tim Cook_
4. [Steve Jobs resigns as the CEO of Apple Inc. Tim Cook took over the CEO position for the company. ](/news/2011/08/24/steve-jobs-resigns-as-the-ceo-of-apple-inc-tim-cook-took-over-the-ceo-position-for-the-company.md) _Context: Apple Inc., Tim Cook_
5. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/no-dispute-with-bhutan-in-doklam-china/articleshow/59456533.cms (The Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: China_
6. [A Chinese state company signs an order with Airbus for 100 A320 and 40 A350 airplanes. ](/news/2017/07/5/a-chinese-state-company-signs-an-order-with-airbus-for-100-a320-and-40-a350-airplanes.md) _Context: China_
7. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: China_
8. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: China_
9. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: China_
10. [Amid a stand-off between India and China over the disputed territory of Doklam which is claimed by Bhutan, the Indian National Congress denies the meeting of Rahul Gandhi with the Chinese ambassador to India. ](/news/2017/07/10/amid-a-stand-off-between-india-and-china-over-the-disputed-territory-of-doklam-which-is-claimed-by-bhutan-the-indian-national-congress-deni.md) _Context: China_
