### [2013-04-1](/news/2013/04/1/index.md)

# In chess, Magnus Carlsen wins FIDE Candidates Tournament in London ahead of Vladimir Kramnik to become the challenger for the world crown. 

Annotations by GM Sam Shankland The 2013 Candidates Tournament will live long in the memory, and its conclusion was as unexpected as it was amazing! The two remaining contenders, Magnus Carlsen and Vladimir...


### Source:

1. [Chess News](http://www.chess.com/news/candiates-tournament---the-result-4297)
2. [ChessVibes](http://www.chessvibes.com/reports/carlsen-kramnik-both-lose-in-final-round-carlsen-wins-fide-candidates)

### Related:

1. [In chess, the world number one Magnus Carlsen achieves the highest-ever FIDE official rating (2861) based on Elo rating system, breaking Garry Kasparov's 13-year record. ](/news/2013/01/1/in-chess-the-world-number-one-magnus-carlsen-achieves-the-highest-ever-fide-official-rating-2861-based-on-elo-rating-system-breaking-gar.md) _Context: FIDE, Magnus Carlsen, chess_
2. [Norwegian chess player Magnus Carlsen wins the 2012 London Chess Classic ahead of Vladimir Kramnik from Russia. His performance is enough to break the 13-year-old Elo rating record of Garry Kasparov. ](/news/2012/12/10/norwegian-chess-player-magnus-carlsen-wins-the-2012-london-chess-classic-ahead-of-vladimir-kramnik-from-russia-his-performance-is-enough-to.md) _Context: Magnus Carlsen, Vladimir Kramnik, chess_
3. [19-year-old Norwegian chess grandmaster Magnus Carlsen is confirmed as the youngest-ever world number one in the official January 2010 FIDE rating list. ](/news/2010/01/2/19-year-old-norwegian-chess-grandmaster-magnus-carlsen-is-confirmed-as-the-youngest-ever-world-number-one-in-the-official-january-2010-fide.md) _Context: FIDE, Magnus Carlsen, chess_
4. [World Chess Championship 2013:Magnus Carlsen of Norway defeats defending champion Viswanathan Anand of India 61/2-31/2 in a series played in Chennai. ](/news/2013/11/22/world-chess-championship-2013-pmagnus-carlsen-of-norway-defeats-defending-champion-viswanathan-anand-of-india-6a1-2a3a1-2-in-a-series-played-i.md) _Context: Magnus Carlsen, World Chess Championship 2013_
5. [In chess, Magnus Carlsen, the world number one from Norway, wins the 2013 Tata Steel Chess Tournament ahead of Levon Aronian and Viswanathan Anand. ](/news/2013/01/27/in-chess-magnus-carlsen-the-world-number-one-from-norway-wins-the-2013-tata-steel-chess-tournament-ahead-of-levon-aronian-and-viswanathan.md) _Context: Magnus Carlsen, chess_
6. [A vehicle mounts the pavement and runs into pedestrians in Islington, London, injuring 4. The teenage perpetrators are found carrying offensive weapons, but are not assumed to be terrorists. ](/news/2017/03/25/a-vehicle-mounts-the-pavement-and-runs-into-pedestrians-in-islington-london-injuring-4-the-teenage-perpetrators-are-found-carrying-offens.md) _Context: London_
7. [Several British MPs demand an investigation into a recent scandal in which an Israeli embassy official in London had conspired to damage the reputation of several British politicians in response to the recent United Nations Security Council resolution. ](/news/2017/01/8/several-british-mps-demand-an-investigation-into-a-recent-scandal-in-which-an-israeli-embassy-official-in-london-had-conspired-to-damage-the.md) _Context: London_
8. [London Mayor Sadiq Khan declares a public health emergency for at least the next three days because of high levels of air pollution in the London area. The Department for Environment says this pollution episode could last until at least Sunday. ](/news/2017/01/18/london-mayor-sadiq-khan-declares-a-public-health-emergency-for-at-least-the-next-three-days-because-of-high-levels-of-air-pollution-in-the-l.md) _Context: London_
9. [Norwegian chess grandmaster Magnus Carlsen defeats Russian challenger Sergey Karjakin to retain the World Chess Championship title. ](/news/2016/11/30/norwegian-chess-grandmaster-magnus-carlsen-defeats-russian-challenger-sergey-karjakin-to-retain-the-world-chess-championship-title.md) _Context: Magnus Carlsen_
10. [A London-based trader who traded on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Navinder Singh Sarao, accused of contributing to the 2010 Wall Street "flash crash" by placing bogus orders to spoof the market, fails in his legal bid to stop extradition and will now be sent to the United States to face trial where he is wanted by U.S. authorities on 22 criminal counts of wire fraud, commodities fraud, and market manipulation. A judge initially approved his extradition in March, and today his bid to launch an appeal against that decision was rejected, ending his 18-month legal fight. He will now be extradited within 28 days. ](/news/2016/10/14/a-london-based-trader-who-traded-on-the-chicago-mercantile-exchange-navinder-singh-sarao-accused-of-contributing-to-the-2010-wall-street.md) _Context: London_
