### [2004-09-13](/news/2004/09/13/index.md)

#  2004 Atlantic hurricane season:: Hurricane Ivan, still at Category Five strength, continues to travel northward, causing damage throughout the western Caribbean. As of 23:00 local time (0300 UTC September 13), it is located about 285 km (175 miles) southeast of the western tip of Cuba, and it is predicted that the eye of Ivan will pass over that part of the island Monday afternoon or evening. [http://www.reuters.co.uk/newsPackageArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=581889&section=news (Reuters)] [http://www.nhc.noaa.gov/archive/2004/mar/al092004.fstadv.043.shtml? (NOAA/NHC)]: The Cuban government evacuates between 800,000 and 1.3 million people from coastal cities and developed areas. Cubans have begun calling the hurricane "Ivan the Terrible". [http://www.reuters.co.uk/newsPackageArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=581889&section=news (Reuters)] [http://www.nytimes.com/2004/09/13/national/13storm.html (New York Times)] [http://www.nhc.noaa.gov/archive/2004/mar/al092004.fstadv.043.shtml? (NOAA/NHC)]: A storm surge from Hurricane Ivan travels at least 1 km (0.6 mile) inland on Grand Cayman, the largest of the three islands of the Cayman Islands, forcing residents to seek shelter on their house roofs.




### Related:

1. [United States-Cuban thaw: The first cruise ship in more than a half-century bound for Havana from the United States leaves Miami, Florida, at about 4:24 p.m. EDT. Carnival Cruise Line's 704-passenger Adonia was able to set sail for the northern Caribbean country after Cuba, April 22, loosened its policy banning Cuban-born people from traveling to the country by sea. ](/news/2016/05/1/united-states-cuban-thaw-the-first-cruise-ship-in-more-than-a-half-century-bound-for-havana-from-the-united-states-leaves-miami-florida.md) _Context: Caribbean, Cuba_
2. [ Hurricane Gustav reaches hurricane strength en route to the Cayman Islands, Cuba and the Gulf of Mexico. ](/news/2008/08/29/hurricane-gustav-reaches-hurricane-strength-en-route-to-the-cayman-islands-cuba-and-the-gulf-of-mexico.md) _Context: Cayman Islands, Cuba_
3. [ Jamaica prepares for Hurricane Dean with the hurricane already responsible for at least eight deaths on Caribbean islands St. Lucia, Martinique and Dominica. It is expected to hit the Cayman Islands on Monday and the Yucatn Peninsula on Tuesday with further impact on Mexico or Texas later in the week. ](/news/2007/08/19/jamaica-prepares-for-hurricane-dean-with-the-hurricane-already-responsible-for-at-least-eight-deaths-on-caribbean-islands-st-lucia-martin.md) _Context: Caribbean, Cayman Islands_
4. [ The President of Venezuela Hugo Chavez proposes building a gas pipeline between Venezuela and the Caribbean supplying states such as Cuba. ](/news/2007/08/11/the-president-of-venezuela-hugo-chavez-proposes-building-a-gas-pipeline-between-venezuela-and-the-caribbean-supplying-states-such-as-cuba.md) _Context: Caribbean, Cuba_
5. [Cuba-United States relations: The United States State Department says at least 16 U.S. government employees and family members based in Cuba showed physical symptoms from the previously reported acoustic attacks. Investigators are exploring whether some form of sonic attack was directed at diplomats homes. ](/news/2017/08/24/cuba-united-states-relations-the-united-states-state-department-says-at-least-16-u-s-government-employees-and-family-members-based-in-cu.md) _Context: Cuba_
6. [2017 Aerogaviota Antonov An-26 crash: An Aerogaviota-operated Antonov An-26 plane crashes in western Artemisa Province, Cuba, killing eight troops on board. ](/news/2017/04/29/2017-aerogaviota-antonov-an-26-crash-an-aerogaviota-operated-antonov-an-26-plane-crashes-in-western-artemisa-province-cuba-killing-eight.md) _Context: Cuba_
7. [Death and state funeral of Fidel Castro: The remains of former Cuban leader Fidel Castro are interred beside independence leader Jose Marti. ](/news/2016/12/4/death-and-state-funeral-of-fidel-castro-the-remains-of-former-cuban-leader-fidel-castro-are-interred-beside-independence-leader-josa-c-marta.md) _Context: Cuba_
8. [Cuba's National Assembly of People's Power approves a law banning commemorative statues of late President Fidel Castro, and the naming of public places after him, in accordance with the wishes of Castro, who died last month. ](/news/2016/12/27/cuba-s-national-assembly-of-people-s-power-approves-a-law-banning-commemorative-statues-of-late-president-fidel-castro-and-the-naming-of-pu.md) _Context: Cuba_
9. [Google and Cuba forge a deal about better access to the Internet for the island. ](/news/2016/12/13/google-and-cuba-forge-a-deal-about-better-access-to-the-internet-for-the-island.md) _Context: Cuba_
10. [Cuba-European Union relations: Cuba and the European Union sign an accord in Brussels to normalize relations, formally ending the Common Position which was adopted by the Council of the European Union in 1996. ](/news/2016/12/12/cuba-european-union-relations-cuba-and-the-european-union-sign-an-accord-in-brussels-to-normalize-relations-formally-ending-the-common-p.md) _Context: Cuba_
