### [2004-09-13](/news/2004/09/13/index.md)

#  The "pre-election offensive" against the Iraqi resistance continues in the rebel-held city of Fallujah, with air-strikes killing at least 16, including women and children. Joint U.S.-Iraqi forces say that they are targeting Jordanian militant Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, who is linked to al-Qaeda. The U.S. military says it is investigating an incident that occurred September 12 in Baghdad in which five people, including an "al-Arabiya" journalist broadcasting live, were killed in a helicopter attack. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/3650762.stm)
2. [Reuters](http://olympics.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6216912)

### Related:

1. [ At least three people are killed by U.S. air raids on the insurgent held city of Fallujah. Locals say civilians are among the dead, but the U.S. maintains they struck a safe house of the Jordanian militant Abu Musab al-Zarqawi. Just outside Baghdad, a rocket fired at a US military support base killed one coalition soldier. ](/news/2004/09/30/at-least-three-people-are-killed-by-u-s-air-raids-on-the-insurgent-held-city-of-fallujah-locals-say-civilians-are-among-the-dead-but-the.md) _Context: Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, Baghdad, Fallujah, Jordan_
2. [The SITE Institute, a terrorist-monitoring organisation, states that the al-Qaeda affiliated Islamic State of Iraq has claimed responsibility for a deadly attack on the offices of Al-Arabiya Television in Baghdad that killed four people and injured at least 10. ](/news/2010/07/29/the-site-institute-a-terrorist-monitoring-organisation-states-that-the-al-qaeda-affiliated-islamic-state-of-iraq-has-claimed-responsibilit.md) _Context: Al Arabiya, Baghdad, al-Qaeda_
3. [ U.S. air raids in the city of Fallujah, allegedly aimed at militants loyal to Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, kill an estimated 60 fighters, according to claims from the U.S. military. A spokesman for Iraq's health ministry says at least two women and 17 children were among the wounded. Meanwhile, in central Baghdad, a suicide car bomb leaves at least 13 dead. ](/news/2004/09/17/u-s-air-raids-in-the-city-of-fallujah-allegedly-aimed-at-militants-loyal-to-abu-musab-al-zarqawi-kill-an-estimated-60-fighters-accordin.md) _Context: Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, Baghdad, Fallujah_
4. [ At least 110 Iraqis are killed in a day of widespread violence, as the U.S. engages in new offensives to retake insurgent-held areas before the January elections. An al-Arabiya journalist is killed during a live broadcast when attack helicopters fire at a crowd gathered around a burning Bradley vehicle in Baghdad. Helicopters and tanks fire on residential areas in rebel-occupied Ramadi. More fighting takes place in Tal Afar and Hilla. ](/news/2004/09/12/at-least-110-iraqis-are-killed-in-a-day-of-widespread-violence-as-the-u-s-engages-in-new-offensives-to-retake-insurgent-held-areas-before.md) _Context: Al Arabiya, Baghdad, rebel-held_
5. [ Al Jazeera television reports that a Bulgarian hostage held in Iraq by suspected al-Qaeda ally Abu Musab al-Zarqawi has been executed. A video tape of the murder was provided to Al Jazeera. The group vows to execute another hostage within 24 hours. ](/news/2004/07/13/al-jazeera-television-reports-that-a-bulgarian-hostage-held-in-iraq-by-suspected-al-qaeda-ally-abu-musab-al-zarqawi-has-been-executed-a-vi.md) _Context: Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, al-Qaeda, rebel-held_
6. [Abu Qatada, a Palestinian Muslim cleric allegedly affiliated with al-Qaeda, is deported from the United Kingdom to Jordan to face charges of terrorism. ](/news/2013/07/7/abu-qatada-a-palestinian-muslim-cleric-allegedly-affiliated-with-al-qaeda-is-deported-from-the-united-kingdom-to-jordan-to-face-charges-of.md) _Context: Jordan, al-Qaeda_
7. [At least 33 people are killed and more than 160 others are wounded during a wave of bombings in Kirkuk, Baqubah, Tikrit, Fallujah, Nassiriyah, Mussayab and Baghdad. ](/news/2013/04/15/at-least-33-people-are-killed-and-more-than-160-others-are-wounded-during-a-wave-of-bombings-in-kirkuk-baqubah-tikrit-fallujah-nassiriya.md) _Context: Baghdad, Fallujah_
8. [Sulaiman Abu Ghaith, alleged spokesman for al-Qaeda and said to be the son-in-law of Osama bin Laden, is captured in Jordan and faces criminal charges in the United States. ](/news/2013/03/7/sulaiman-abu-ghaith-alleged-spokesman-for-al-qaeda-and-said-to-be-the-son-in-law-of-osama-bin-laden-is-captured-in-jordan-and-faces-crimin.md) _Context: Jordan, al-Qaeda_
9. [Tariq al-Hashimi rejects the charges leading to his death sentence in Baghdad on Sunday. He, being a Sunni, claims to be a "target" of Shiite prime minister Nouri al-Maliki. He refuses to return to Iraq for an appeal as long as, according to him, the judicial system is "corrupt". He claims to put the verdict "on his chest as a medal". Al-Qaeda says "black days" are ahead. The reaction of Iraqi people on the street generally welcomes a fair rule of law but is wary of political influencing and sectarianism. ](/news/2012/09/10/tariq-al-hashimi-rejects-the-charges-leading-to-his-death-sentence-in-baghdad-on-sunday-he-being-a-sunni-claims-to-be-a-target-of-shiit.md) _Context: Baghdad, al-Qaeda_
10. [5 Iraqi policemen are killed in an overnight shootout in western Baghdad, while 1 policeman is killed at a checkpoint outside Fallujah. ](/news/2010/08/7/5-iraqi-policemen-are-killed-in-an-overnight-shootout-in-western-baghdad-while-1-policeman-is-killed-at-a-checkpoint-outside-fallujah.md) _Context: Baghdad, Fallujah_
