### [2004-09-13](/news/2004/09/13/index.md)

#  United States Secretary of State Colin Powell says that he saw no direct connection between Saddam Hussein's former regime in Iraq and the September 11, 2001, attacks.  During an interview on NBC's ''Meet the Press,'' Powell also said he believes that if John Kerry were president at the time of a terrorist attack he would respond in a "robust" way. 




### Source:

1. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/A16707-2004Sep12.html)

### Related:

1. [The United States Secretary of State John Kerry says ISIL has committed genocide against Christians, Yazidis and Shias in areas it controls in Syria and Iraq. ](/news/2016/03/17/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-says-isil-has-committed-genocide-against-christians-yazidis-and-shias-in-areas-it-controls.md) _Context: Iraq, John Kerry, United States Secretary of State_
2. [U.S. President Barack Obama nominates John Kerry to succeed Hillary Clinton as Secretary of State. ](/news/2012/12/21/u-s-president-barack-obama-nominates-john-kerry-to-succeed-hillary-clinton-as-secretary-of-state.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States Secretary of State, president_
3. [ Retired General and former Secretary of State Colin Powell endorses Barack Obama for President of the United States. ](/news/2008/10/19/retired-general-and-former-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-endorses-barack-obama-for-president-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: Colin Powell, United States Secretary of State, president_
4. [ On the Sunday talk show ''Meet the Press'', former U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell calls for the immediate closure of the Guantanamo Bay detention camp. ](/news/2007/06/10/on-the-sunday-talk-show-meet-the-press-former-u-s-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-calls-for-the-immediate-closure-of-the-guantanamo-b.md) _Context: Colin Powell, Meet the Press, United States Secretary of State_
5. [The Saudi-led military coalition and the Houthis (Ansar Allah) arrive at a ceasefire agreement effective as of 17 November 2016, as a result of talks  led by US Secretary of State John Kerry with the region's leaders.](/news/2016/11/16/the-saudi-led-military-coalition-and-the-houthis-ansar-allah-arrive-at-a-ceasefire-agreement-effective-as-of-17-november-2016-as-a-result.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States Secretary of State_
6. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry arrives in Kiev, Ukraine, where he is expected to discuss ways of ending the conflict in the east of the country. The visit, along with his visit to Georgia yesterday, comes ahead of the NATO summit in Warsaw that will take place tomorrow. ](/news/2016/07/7/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-arrives-in-kiev-ukraine-where-he-is-expected-to-discuss-ways-of-ending-the-conflict-in-the-east-of-the.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States Secretary of State_
7. [The United States Secretary of State John Kerry warns Turkey it could lose its NATO membership if it fails to uphold the principles of democracy. Around 8,000 police officers have been sacked in the country following the attempted coup, with more than 6,000 people in the army, the judiciary and other state bodies detained as part of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's crackdown. ](/news/2016/07/18/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-warns-turkey-it-could-lose-its-nato-membership-if-it-fails-to-uphold-the-principles-of-democ.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States Secretary of State_
8. [In the United States, Hillary Clinton is criticized by the State Department's inspector general for her usage of a private email server while she was secretary of state. The finding also concluded though that former secretary of state Colin Powell also had a private email server, as did former ambassador to Kenya Scott Gration. The inspector referred to the email server usage as "longstanding systemic weaknesses". ](/news/2016/05/25/in-the-united-states-hillary-clinton-is-criticized-by-the-state-departmentas-inspector-general-for-her-usage-of-a-private-email-server-wh.md) _Context: Colin Powell, United States Secretary of State_
9. [United States  President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Iraq, president_
10. [A Russian Su-27 jet intercepts a United States Air Force RC-135 reconnaissance plane while in international airspace over the Baltic Sea. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry says, "We condemn this kind of behavior. It is reckless. It is provocative. It is dangerous." ](/news/2016/04/17/a-russian-su-27-jet-intercepts-a-united-states-air-force-rc-135-reconnaissance-plane-while-in-international-airspace-over-the-baltic-sea-u.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States Secretary of State_
