### [2011-12-28](/news/2011/12/28/index.md)

# Four people are killed and 1,000 others flee their homes amid lahars from the Mount Gamalama volcano in Indonesia. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Google](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5iz1kLf4SETrE0ExTnFAYbd0ReiKA?docId=a09ce53d6a23428fbaebd49d1c8468c3)

### Related:

1. [Indonesian volcano eruptionsThousands of Indonesians are stranded on the Eid al-Fitr holiday at the end of Ramadan as five airports remain closed as a result of the eruption of the Raung and Gamalama volcanoes. ](/news/2015/07/17/indonesian-volcano-eruptionspthousands-of-indonesians-are-stranded-on-the-eid-al-fitr-holiday-at-the-end-of-ramadan-as-five-airports-remain.md) _Context: Gamalama, Indonesia_
2. [Ash from the Raung volcano closes five airports in Indonesia, while ash from the Gamalama volcano closes the Babullah Airport in Ternate. ](/news/2015/07/16/ash-from-the-raung-volcano-closes-five-airports-in-indonesia-while-ash-from-the-gamalama-volcano-closes-the-babullah-airport-in-ternate.md) _Context: Gamalama, Indonesia_
3. [The Indonesian volcano Gamalama erupts injuring four people and leaving one person missing. ](/news/2014/12/19/the-indonesian-volcano-gamalama-erupts-injuring-four-people-and-leaving-one-person-missing.md) _Context: Gamalama, Indonesia_
4. [A rescue helicopter crashes while attempting to evacuate residents near the Dieng Volcanic Complex in Central Java, Indonesia, killing all eight people on board. ](/news/2017/07/3/a-rescue-helicopter-crashes-while-attempting-to-evacuate-residents-near-the-dieng-volcanic-complex-in-central-java-indonesia-killing-all-e.md) _Context: Indonesia_
5. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Indonesia_
6. [Indonesia renames part of the South China Sea as "North Natuna Sea," angering China. ](/news/2017/07/15/indonesia-renames-part-of-the-south-china-sea-as-north-natuna-sea-angering-china.md) _Context: Indonesia_
7. [At a United Nations-Oceans summit, delegates from China, Indonesia, the Philippines and Thailand, four of the top polluters of plastic into the oceans, pledge to reduce their levels of oceanic plastic pollution. ](/news/2017/06/8/at-a-united-nations-oceans-summit-delegates-from-china-indonesia-the-philippines-and-thailand-four-of-the-top-polluters-of-plastic-into.md) _Context: Indonesia_
8. [Indonesia, Malaysia and the Philippines begin joint patrols in the pirate havens within the Celebes and Sulu Seas. ](/news/2017/06/19/indonesia-malaysia-and-the-philippines-begin-joint-patrols-in-the-pirate-havens-within-the-celebes-and-sulu-seas.md) _Context: Indonesia_
9. [Two Indonesian men are publicly caned by local authorities in Aceh on accusation of illegal homosexual intercourse. ](/news/2017/05/23/two-indonesian-men-are-publicly-caned-by-local-authorities-in-aceh-on-accusation-of-illegal-homosexual-intercourse.md) _Context: Indonesia_
10. [An Indonesian maritime patrol boat, the ''KM Hiu Macan 001'', intercepts five boats and arrested 55 Vietnamese crew members for allegedly poaching off Natuna Islands, but after an unexpected aggressive intervention by Vietnamese coast guards forces the Indonesian authorities to back off, release the arrested men and return to base empty handed. ](/news/2017/05/21/an-indonesian-maritime-patrol-boat-the-km-hiu-macan-001-intercepts-five-boats-and-arrested-55-vietnamese-crew-members-for-allegedly-po.md) _Context: Indonesia_
