### [2011-12-28](/news/2011/12/28/index.md)

# Leading Republican Party presidential candidates, including Mitt Romney and Rick Perry, criticize rival candidate Ron Paul for his view that the United States should not act against Iran's suspected nuclear weapons program. 

Republican presidential candidates gang up on rival Ron Paul as a poll gives him the lead in the state of Iowa, which holds the first caucus next week.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-16349672)

### Related:

1. [Reuters reports the United States and its European allies have notified the UN that Iran's launching of nuclear-capable missiles violated United Nations Security Council resolution 2231 which endorsed the Iran deal, i.e., the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), last year. ](/news/2016/03/29/reuters-reports-the-united-states-and-its-european-allies-have-notified-the-un-that-iran-s-launching-of-nuclear-capable-missiles-violated-un.md) _Context: Iran, Iran and weapons of mass destruction_
2. [The Republican caucuses in the state of Maine finish with Mitt Romney finishing just ahead of Ron Paul. ](/news/2012/02/11/the-republican-caucuses-in-the-state-of-maine-finish-with-mitt-romney-finishing-just-ahead-of-ron-paul.md) _Context: Mitt Romney, Ron Paul_
3. [Republican Party presidential primaries, 2012:Republican primary candidate and former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney wins the 2012 Iowa Caucus, with candidate and former U.S. Senator Rick Santorum behind by eight votes; Congressman Ron Paul had a strong showing in third place. ](/news/2012/01/4/republican-party-presidential-primaries-2012-prepublican-primary-candidate-and-former-massachusetts-governor-mitt-romney-wins-the-2012-iowa.md) _Context: Mitt Romney, Ron Paul_
4. [Voters in the U.S. state of Iowa go to the polls for electoral caucuses, with Mitt Romney defeating Rick Santorum by 8 votes in the Republican Party contest, and Ron Paul following in third place. ](/news/2012/01/3/voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-iowa-go-to-the-polls-for-electoral-caucuses-with-mitt-romney-defeating-rick-santorum-by-8-votes-in-the-republic.md) _Context: Mitt Romney, Ron Paul_
5. [Early reports show that Mitt Romney wins the New Hampshire Republican primary with Ron Paul in second and Jon Huntsman in third. ](/news/2012/01/10/early-reports-show-that-mitt-romney-wins-the-new-hampshire-republican-primary-with-ron-paul-in-second-and-jon-huntsman-in-third.md) _Context: Mitt Romney, Ron Paul_
6. [ Nuclear program of Iran: The Iranian parliament urges the government to reduce ties with the International Atomic Energy Agency. ](/news/2009/11/29/nuclear-program-of-iran-p-the-iranian-parliament-urges-the-government-to-reduce-ties-with-the-international-atomic-energy-agency.md) _Context: Iran, Iran and weapons of mass destruction_
7. [ The European Union agrees to tougher sanctions against Iran for its alleged nuclear weapons program with the United Kingdom freezing assets of Iran's largest bank Bank Melli. ](/news/2008/06/16/the-european-union-agrees-to-tougher-sanctions-against-iran-for-its-alleged-nuclear-weapons-program-with-the-united-kingdom-freezing-assets.md) _Context: Iran, Iran and weapons of mass destruction_
8. [ The President of the United States George W. Bush and the President of France Nicolas Sarkozy warn Syria to break with Iran and state that they will not allow Iran to obtain nuclear weapons. ](/news/2008/06/14/the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-and-the-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-warn-syria-to-break-with-iran-and-state-that.md) _Context: Iran, Iran and weapons of mass destruction_
9. [ The United States National Intelligence Estimate of November 2007 reports with "high confidence" that Iran stopped its nuclear weapons program in the fall of 2003 and has probably not restarted it since. ](/news/2007/12/3/the-united-states-national-intelligence-estimate-of-november-2007-reports-with-high-confidence-that-iran-stopped-its-nuclear-weapons-prog.md) _Context: Iran, Iran and weapons of mass destruction_
10. [ CBS News's Mike Wallace holds an interview with Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, the president of Iran. In the interview, Ahmadinejad said that the letter he sent to George W. Bush was meant to "open a window towards the light" for Bush to "see that one can look on the world through a different perspective." He responded to his nation's nuclear program and possible weapons program saying that Iran was "studying" the offer presented by the United States and the European Union. He also claimed that Bush "believes that his power emanates from his nuclear warhead arsenals." ](/news/2006/08/8/cbs-news-s-mike-wallace-holds-an-interview-with-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-the-president-of-iran-in-the-interview-ahmadinejad-said-that-the-let.md) _Context: Iran, Iran and weapons of mass destruction_
