### [2003-10-11](/news/2003/10/11/index.md)

#  Occupation of Iraq: The Organisation of the Islamic Conference (OIC), a grouping of Muslim nations meeting in Malaysia, calls on the US to quit Iraq as soon as possible and to hand over to the UN; the OIC also pledges support to Syria.




### Related:

1. [Indonesian President Joko "Jokowi" Widodo calls on Muslim leaders at the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation (OIC) summit meeting in Jakarta to unite and be part of the solution on Palestine, noting the entire world is concerned about its deteriorating situation. Jokowi also criticizes what he calls Israel's "unilateral and illegal policies." ](/news/2016/03/7/indonesian-president-joko-ajokowia-widodo-calls-on-muslim-leaders-at-the-organisation-of-islamic-cooperation-oic-summit-meeting-in-jak.md) _Context: Organisation of Islamic Cooperation_
2. [Burma says it will not allow the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation to set up a liaison office in the country, following protests against the plan. ](/news/2012/10/15/burma-says-it-will-not-allow-the-organisation-of-islamic-cooperation-to-set-up-a-liaison-office-in-the-country-following-protests-against-t.md) _Context: Organisation of Islamic Cooperation_
3. [The Organisation of Islamic Cooperation suspends Syria's membership in the group. ](/news/2012/08/16/the-organisation-of-islamic-cooperation-suspends-syria-s-membership-in-the-group.md) _Context: Organisation of Islamic Cooperation_
4. [ Ekmeleddin Ihsanoglu, the Secretary-General of the Organisation of the Islamic Conference, calls for an end of fighting between the Philippines government and the Moro National Liberation Front, which has killed at least 12 people over the past few days. ](/news/2007/04/16/ekmeleddin-adeghsanoalu-the-secretary-general-of-the-organisation-of-the-islamic-conference-calls-for-an-end-of-fighting-between-the-phili.md) _Context: Organisation of Islamic Cooperation_
5. [ Iran's Nuclear Program: Ministers from Egypt, Indonesia, Jordan, Malaysia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey and Pakistan, as well as Turkey's Ekmeleddin Ihsanoglu, the secretary general of the Organisation of the Islamic Conference, a 57-member bloc of Islamic states, held a meeting Islamabad, Pakistan to discuss resolution of the Palestinian problem and the stand-off over Iran's nuclear program. ](/news/2007/02/25/iran-s-nuclear-program-ministers-from-egypt-indonesia-jordan-malaysia-saudi-arabia-turkey-and-pakistan-as-well-as-turkey-s-ekmeleddi.md) _Context: Organisation of Islamic Cooperation_
6. [ Officials from the Arab League, Organisation of the Islamic Conference, G8 nations, People's Republic of China and UN Secretary General Kofi Annan convene at Sharm el-Sheikh, Egypt to discuss and issue declarations on Iraq. ](/news/2004/11/23/officials-from-the-arab-league-organisation-of-the-islamic-conference-g8-nations-people-s-republic-of-china-and-un-secretary-general-kof.md) _Context: Organisation of Islamic Cooperation_
7. [ Occupation of Iraq: The Islamic extremist group Jaish Ansar al-Sunna has reportedly beheaded U.S. Marine Corporal Wassef Ali Hassoun. The group claims that it will release a videotape recording of the execution in the coming days. ](/news/2004/07/3/occupation-of-iraq-the-islamic-extremist-group-jaish-ansar-al-sunna-has-reportedly-beheaded-u-s-marine-corporal-wassef-ali-hassoun-the-g.md) _Context: Occupation of Iraq_
8. [ The Organisation of the Islamic Conference and the Muslim World League, two Saudi-based international Islamic organizations, warn of Muslim anger in the event of an attack on the Al-Aqsa Mosque in Jerusalem and say Israel would be held responsible for any aggression against the mosque. ](/news/2004/07/28/the-organisation-of-the-islamic-conference-and-the-muslim-world-league-two-saudi-based-international-islamic-organizations-warn-of-muslim.md) _Context: Organisation of Islamic Cooperation_
9. [ Occupation of Iraq: Four U.S. Army soldiers, including 1st. Lt. Jack M. Saville and Sgt. Tracy Perkins, are charged with offenses ranging up to involuntary manslaughter in the January 3 drowning death of an Iraqi detainee whom they reportedly forced to leap into the Tigris from atop a bridge in Samarra. ](/news/2004/07/2/occupation-of-iraq-four-u-s-army-soldiers-including-1st-lt-jack-m-saville-and-sgt-tracy-perkins-are-charged-with-offenses-ranging-u.md) _Context: Occupation of Iraq_
10. [ Iraq Occupation and resistance: The United States formally hands over legal custody of Saddam Hussein to the new Iraqi government. The trial of Saddam Hussein is expected to take place in January. ](/news/2004/06/30/iraq-occupation-and-resistance-the-united-states-formally-hands-over-legal-custody-of-saddam-hussein-to-the-new-iraqi-government-the-tria.md) _Context: Occupation of Iraq_
