### [2003-10-11](/news/2003/10/11/index.md)

#  The Spanish rail company RENFE opens its second AVE high-speed line, serving Madrid, Guadalajara, Calatayud, Zaragoza, and Lleida. It is expected to reach Barcelona by 2005. (Another line is being built from Madrid to Valladolid, and others to Valencia and Lisbon are planned.)




### Related:

1. [In a protest in Barcelona, an estimated 800,000 people (370,000 in the government claim) demand secession from the Madrid-based Spanish government. ](/news/2016/09/12/in-a-protest-in-barcelona-an-estimated-800-000-people-370-000-in-the-government-claim-demand-secession-from-the-madrid-based-spanish-gove.md) _Context: Barcelona, Madrid_
2. [Thousands of anti-government demonstrators vote to continue a mass sit-in against economic cuts in Madrid, following last Friday's targeting of civilians in Barcelona by police with batons and rubber bullets. ](/news/2011/05/30/thousands-of-anti-government-demonstrators-vote-to-continue-a-mass-sit-in-against-economic-cuts-in-madrid-following-last-friday-s-targeting.md) _Context: Barcelona, Madrid_
3. [ The Spanish Civil Guard intercepts near Calatayud (Zaragoza) a Madrid-bound van driven by ETA and loaded with 950&nbsp;kg of explosives. The next day, another van loaded with 750&nbsp;kg is found not far from there. The incident is known as ""la caravana de la muerte"" (the caravan of death). Shortly after 9/11, ETA confirmed their plan had been to blow down Torre Picasso](/news/1999/12/21/the-spanish-civil-guard-intercepts-near-calatayud-zaragoza-a-madrid-bound-van-driven-by-eta-and-loaded-with-950-nbsp-kg-of-explosives-th.md) _Context: Calatayud, Madrid_
4. [More than 700 Catalan mayors meet in Barcelona with Catalan President Carles Puigdemont to confirm their support for the October 1 independence referendum. Earlier this week, Spanish prosecutors warned that officials participating in this vote could be criminally charged. ](/news/2017/09/16/more-than-700-catalan-mayors-meet-in-barcelona-with-catalan-president-carles-puigdemont-to-confirm-their-support-for-the-october-1-independe.md) _Context: Barcelona_
5. [The Sagrada Familia basilica in Barcelona is evacuated due to an anti-terrorism operation. ](/news/2017/09/12/the-sagrada-famalia-basilica-in-barcelona-is-evacuated-due-to-an-anti-terrorism-operation.md) _Context: Barcelona_
6. [Around a million people rally in Barcelona to mark the National Day of Catalonia and to support the upcoming independence referendum on 1 October. ](/news/2017/09/11/around-a-million-people-rally-in-barcelona-to-mark-the-national-day-of-catalonia-and-to-support-the-upcoming-independence-referendum-on-1-oc.md) _Context: Barcelona_
7. [Spanish police hunting the chief suspect in last Thursday's van attack in Barcelona shoot dead a man to the west of the city who appeared to be wearing an explosive belt. ](/news/2017/08/21/spanish-police-hunting-the-chief-suspect-in-last-thursday-s-van-attack-in-barcelona-shoot-dead-a-man-to-the-west-of-the-city-who-appeared-to.md) _Context: Barcelona_
8. [A van drives into crowds of people in La Rambla, Barcelona, in what Spanish police are calling a terrorist attack, killing at least 12 people. Two suspects are taken into custody, and ISIL claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/08/17/a-van-drives-into-crowds-of-people-in-la-rambla-barcelona-in-what-spanish-police-are-calling-a-terrorist-attack-killing-at-least-12-peopl.md) _Context: Barcelona_
9. [A fire forces the evacuation of more than 22,000 concertgoers at the Tomorrowland music festival at the Parc de Can Zam in Barcelona, Spain. There were no serious injuries. This is the first time the festival has been held in Spain; Belgium had been the home since 2005. ](/news/2017/07/29/a-fire-forces-the-evacuation-of-more-than-22-000-concertgoers-at-the-tomorrowland-music-festival-at-the-parc-de-can-zam-in-barcelona-spain.md) _Context: Barcelona_
10. [A small Swiss-owned plane crashes in the Portuguese village of Tires, west of Lisbon, killing at least five people. ](/news/2017/04/17/a-small-swiss-owned-plane-crashes-in-the-portuguese-village-of-tires-west-of-lisbon-killing-at-least-five-people.md) _Context: Lisbon_
