### [2014-03-6](/news/2014/03/6/index.md)

# Two members of the protest band Pussy Riot are left with chemical burns and head injuries after being attacked by a group of people in a McDonald's. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5hmymG_etuV46m0oW7jcOYLcOSbbw?docId=a6d50794-342f-4765-9bcc-5c241a945672)

### Related:

1. [Workers at two British McDonald's restaurants overwhelming vote to authorize a strike  over working conditions and the use of zero-hour contracts, which would be the first such labor action against the fast-food chain in the U.K. ](/news/2017/08/18/workers-at-two-british-mcdonald-s-restaurants-overwhelming-vote-to-authorize-a-strike-over-working-conditions-and-the-use-of-zero-hour-cont.md) _Context: McDonald's restaurants_
2. [Longtime FIFA corporate sponsors -- Coca-Cola Co., McDonald's, Visa Inc., and Budweiser owner Anheuser-Busch InBev -- demand FIFA President Sepp Blatter step down immediately following last week's announcement of his criminal investigation by the Swiss attorney general. Blatter refused. ](/news/2015/10/2/longtime-fifa-corporate-sponsors-coca-cola-co-mcdonald-s-visa-inc-and-budweiser-owner-anheuser-busch-inbev-demand-fifa-president.md) _Context: McDonald's restaurants_
3. [The Obama Administration, through its appointment of a majority of board members on the Democratic-controlled U.S. National Labor Relations Board's 3&ndash;2 ruling in the Browning-Ferris case uses an expanded definition of joint employer when determining if a parent company shares responsibility for workers hired by a subcontractor or franchisee. The Republican-controlled US Congress responded to arguments from businesses such as the International Franchise Association by adding another NLRB-related rider to the budget to block implementation of this latest ruling. Browning-Ferris  can appeal the decision to a federal appeals court. The ruling could affect current unionization and pay efforts at McDonald's franchises. ](/news/2015/08/27/the-obama-administration-through-its-appointment-of-a-majority-of-board-members-on-the-democratic-controlled-u-s-national-labor-relations.md) _Context: McDonald's restaurants_
4. [Food safety incidents in China:McDonald's restaurants stop selling Chicken McNuggets and some other chicken products in Hong Kong, China and Japan from Shanghai Husi Foods that allegedly sold out-of-date items to fast food restaurants. ](/news/2014/07/25/food-safety-incidents-in-china-pmcdonald-s-restaurants-stop-selling-chicken-mcnuggets-and-some-other-chicken-products-in-hong-kong-china-an.md) _Context: McDonald's restaurants_
5. [2014 Crimean Crisis:McDonald's suspends work at all restaurant locations in Crimea. ](/news/2014/04/4/2014-crimean-crisis-pmcdonald-s-suspends-work-at-all-restaurant-locations-in-crimea.md) _Context: McDonald's restaurants_
6. [McDonald's opens their first restaurant within Vietnam in Ho Chi Minh City. ](/news/2014/02/8/mcdonald-s-opens-their-first-restaurant-within-vietnam-in-ho-chi-minh-city.md) _Context: McDonald's restaurants_
7. [Nadezhda Tolokonnikova and Maria Alyokhina, former members of Pussy Riot, are arrested and subsequently released after protesting during the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi. ](/news/2014/02/19/nadezhda-tolokonnikova-and-maria-alyokhina-former-members-of-pussy-riot-are-arrested-and-subsequently-released-after-protesting-during-the.md) _Context: Pussy Riot_
8. [Political activists Maria Alyokhina and Nadezhda Tolokonnikova, of the Russian band Pussy Riot, are given amnesty less than three months before the end of their sentences. They had been convicted of "hooliganism motivated by religious hatred". ](/news/2013/12/23/political-activists-maria-alyokhina-and-nadezhda-tolokonnikova-of-the-russian-band-pussy-riot-are-given-amnesty-less-than-three-months-bef.md) _Context: Pussy Riot_
9. [Bolotnaya square case prisoners, Pussy Riot and Greenpeace activists are likely to be freed after the Duma votes in favor of a law giving them amnesty. ](/news/2013/12/18/bolotnaya-square-case-prisoners-pussy-riot-and-greenpeace-activists-are-likely-to-be-freed-after-the-duma-votes-in-favor-of-a-law-giving-th.md) _Context: Pussy Riot_
10. [McDonald's announces that it will open its first outlet in Viet Nam early next year, which will be in Ho Chi Minh City, and will be operated by Henry Nguyen, a Vietnamese businessman and the son-in-law of Vietnam's Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung. ](/news/2013/07/16/mcdonald-s-announces-that-it-will-open-its-first-outlet-in-viet-nam-early-next-year-which-will-be-in-ho-chi-minh-city-and-will-be-operated.md) _Context: McDonald's restaurants_
