### [2017-05-11](/news/2017/05/11/index.md)

# The New Orleans City Council removes the statue of Confederate President Jefferson Davis in New Orleans. This action is the second of four planned removals of Confederate monuments in the city. 

Mayor Mitch Landrieu and his allies say monuments to Confederate-era figures celebrate the &quot;cult of the Lost Cause&quot; and hold the city back.


### Source:

1. [NPR](http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2017/05/11/527905650/workers-take-jefferson-davis-statue-off-its-pedestal-in-new-orleans)

### Related:

1. [Multiple tornadoes tear through New Orleans, Baton Rouge, and other parts of southeastern Louisiana, injuring at least 20 people; no deaths have been reported. The severe weather also delivers heavy rain and hail in Mississippi and Alabama. ](/news/2017/02/7/multiple-tornadoes-tear-through-new-orleans-baton-rouge-and-other-parts-of-southeastern-louisiana-injuring-at-least-20-people-no-deaths.md) _Context: New Orleans_
2. [ A man is killed and two wounded in a triple shooting in Algiers neighborhood of New Orleans ](/news/2016/12/11/a-man-is-killed-and-two-wounded-in-a-triple-shooting-in-algiers-neighborhood-of-new-orleans.md) _Context: New Orleans_
3. [One person is killed, and nine others wounded in a mass shooting in the French Quarter section of New Orleans, following the Bayou Classic football game. Police arrest two men, one of whom was injured during the shooting. ](/news/2016/11/27/one-person-is-killed-and-nine-others-wounded-in-a-mass-shooting-in-the-french-quarter-section-of-new-orleans-following-the-bayou-classic-f.md) _Context: New Orleans_
4. [2016 Louisiana floods. A bus carrying volunteers crashes into emergency vehicles responding to an earlier accident near New Orleans killing two, including the St. John the Baptist Fire District Chief, and injuring 43 more. ](/news/2016/08/28/2016-louisiana-floods-a-bus-carrying-volunteers-crashes-into-emergency-vehicles-responding-to-an-earlier-accident-near-new-orleans-killing.md) _Context: New Orleans_
5. [The U.S. Court of Appeals in New Orleans, Louisiana, in a 2-1 decision, upholds a lower court-s injunction that blocks implementation of an Executive order to shield from deportation millions of undocumented immigrants who entered the United States as children. The White House is considering an appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court. ](/news/2015/11/9/the-u-s-court-of-appeals-in-new-orleans-louisiana-in-a-2-1-decision-upholds-a-lower-court-s-injunction-that-blocks-implementation-of-a.md) _Context: New Orleans_
6. [Sixteen (16) people are wounded in a gunfight between two groups that erupted in a New Orleans park's Bunny Friend playground where hundreds of people gathered for a block party and filming of a music video. No fatalities were reported. The fighters ran from the park immediately after the shooting. ](/news/2015/11/22/sixteen-16-people-are-wounded-in-a-gunfight-between-two-groups-that-erupted-in-a-new-orleans-park-s-bunny-friend-playground-where-hundreds.md) _Context: New Orleans_
7. [In the United States, the hacking group Anonymous starts releasing names and information about alleged members of the Ku Klux Klan (KKK), a white-supremacist terrorist group originally founded after the Civil War by former Confederate soldiers. Prominent individuals listed deny the allegations. The group says they also infiltrated KKK-affiliated websites, and warned of more action culminating on November 24, the anniversary of the Ferguson, Missouri grand jury's decision not to indict. ](/news/2015/11/2/in-the-united-states-the-hacking-group-anonymous-starts-releasing-names-and-information-about-alleged-members-of-the-ku-klux-klan-kkk-a.md) _Context: Confederate_
8. [Although he is currently still being held in New Orleans, Louisiana, Los Angeles prosecutors formally charge Robert Durst with the murder of his former friend Susan Berman covered in the HBO documentary miniseries "The Jinx". ](/news/2015/03/16/although-he-is-currently-still-being-held-in-new-orleans-louisiana-los-angeles-prosecutors-formally-charge-robert-durst-with-the-murder-of.md) _Context: New Orleans_
9. [The Los Angeles Police Department issues a warrant for the arrest of American Robert Durst regarding the murder of writer and confidant Susan Berman following the airing of a six-part documentary by HBO called "The Jinx". He is later taken into custody in the city of New Orleans. ](/news/2015/03/14/the-los-angeles-police-department-issues-a-warrant-for-the-arrest-of-american-robert-durst-regarding-the-murder-of-writer-and-confidant-susa.md) _Context: New Orleans_
10. [Sony Pictures Entertainment hack. Paramount Pictures orders theater chains, including those in Cleveland, Atlanta, and New Orleans, not to re-release the 2004 film "Team America: World Police", which depicts a fictional mission to kill Kim Jong-il. ](/news/2014/12/19/sony-pictures-entertainment-hack-paramount-pictures-orders-theater-chains-including-those-in-cleveland-atlanta-and-new-orleans-not-to-r.md) _Context: New Orleans_
