### [2017-05-11](/news/2017/05/11/index.md)

# The Supreme Court of India begins hearings on whether oral divorce is a fundamental right of Islam. 




### Source:

1. [The Times of India](http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/will-decide-only-on-constitutional-validity-of-triple-talaq-not-polygamy-sc/articleshow/58622703.cms)

### Related:

1. [The "triple talaq", an Islamic practice allowing men to divorce instantly, is declared unconstitutional by the Supreme Court of India. ](/news/2017/08/22/the-triple-talaq-an-islamic-practice-allowing-men-to-divorce-instantly-is-declared-unconstitutional-by-the-supreme-court-of-india.md) _Context: Supreme Court of India, Triple talaq in India_
2. [Dozens of Rohingya Muslims fleeing renewed violence in Rakhine State are detained by Bangladeshi and Burmese authorities after they attempt to cross the border from Myanmar to Bangladesh. Many were en route to Kutupalong Refugee Camp, a refugee camp in Ukhia, Bangladesh, mostly inhabited by Rohingya refugees. ](/news/2017/08/27/dozens-of-rohingya-muslims-fleeing-renewed-violence-in-rakhine-state-are-detained-by-bangladeshi-and-burmese-authorities-after-they-attempt.md) _Context: Muslims_
3. [The Indian Supreme Court upholds the death sentences imposed on four men convicted in the 2012 gang rape and murder of a 23-year-old woman on board a bus in South Delhi. ](/news/2017/05/5/the-indian-supreme-court-upholds-the-death-sentences-imposed-on-four-men-convicted-in-the-2012-gang-rape-and-murder-of-a-23-year-old-woman-o.md) _Context: Supreme Court of India_
4. [Jakarta Governor Basuki Tjahaja Purnama (Ahok) pleads not guilty to charges of blaspheming Islam during a September 27 campaign speech. Ahok is an ethnic Chinese Christian. ](/news/2016/12/13/jakarta-governor-basuki-tjahaja-purnama-ahok-pleads-not-guilty-to-charges-of-blaspheming-islam-during-a-september-27-campaign-speech-ahok.md) _Context: Muslims_
5. [The Indian Supreme Court orders all cinemas must play the national anthem, and the audience must stand during its performance, before a film is screened. Order is effective in 10 days. ](/news/2016/11/30/the-indian-supreme-court-orders-all-cinemas-must-play-the-national-anthem-and-the-audience-must-stand-during-its-performance-before-a-film.md) _Context: Supreme Court of India_
6. [The far-right mayor of the Hungarian border village of Asotthalom, Laszlo Toroczkai, bans the open expression of Islam, including the construction of mosques and wearing of veils and headscarves, and the promotion of same-sex marriages. ](/news/2016/11/25/the-far-right-mayor-of-the-hungarian-border-village-of-asotthalom-la-szla3-toroczkai-bans-the-open-expression-of-islam-including-the-con.md) _Context: Muslims_
7. [UNESCO declares the Western Wall an "Islamic site" and refrains from mentioning its connection to Jewish culture. Over half the voting countries chose to abstain. ](/news/2016/10/13/unesco-declares-the-western-wall-an-islamic-site-and-refrains-from-mentioning-its-connection-to-jewish-culture-over-half-the-voting-count.md) _Context: Muslims_
8. [A United Nations arbitration court rules India must allow an Italian marine, facing charges of murdering two fishermen during an anti-piracy mission in 2012, to return home pending the Permanent Court of Arbitration's decision over jurisdiction. The suspect, who will remain under the authority of the Supreme Court of India, has been staying in the Italian embassy in New Delhi; his co-defendant returned to Italy with health problems in 2014. ](/news/2016/05/2/a-united-nations-arbitration-court-rules-india-must-allow-an-italian-marine-facing-charges-of-murdering-two-fishermen-during-an-anti-piracy.md) _Context: Supreme Court of India_
9. [In response to an ongoing Supreme Court case regarding the ownership of the Koh-i-Noor diamond, the government of India said it should not try to reclaim it from the United Kingdom. The government argues that the diamond was given to the British as a gift and was not stolen. However, the Supreme Court says it will continue with the case. ](/news/2016/04/19/in-response-to-an-ongoing-supreme-court-case-regarding-the-ownership-of-the-koh-i-noor-diamond-the-government-of-india-said-it-should-not-t.md) _Context: Supreme Court of India_
10. [Protesters rally against Islam and immigration in several European cities amid growing tensions over the massive influx of asylum-seekers to the continent. ](/news/2016/02/6/protesters-rally-against-islam-and-immigration-in-several-european-cities-amid-growing-tensions-over-the-massive-influx-of-asylum-seekers-to.md) _Context: Muslims_
