### [2017-05-11](/news/2017/05/11/index.md)

# Triple Talaq in India. The Supreme Court of India begins hearings on whether oral divorce is a fundamental right of Islam. 




### Source:

1. [The Times of India](http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/will-decide-only-on-constitutional-validity-of-triple-talaq-not-polygamy-sc/articleshow/58622703.cms)

### Related:

1. [Triple talaq in India. The "triple talaq", an Islamic practice allowing men to divorce instantly, is declared unconstitutional by the Supreme Court of India. ](/news/2017/08/22/triple-talaq-in-india-the-triple-talaq-an-islamic-practice-allowing-men-to-divorce-instantly-is-declared-unconstitutional-by-the-suprem.md) _Context: Supreme Court of India, Triple talaq in India_
2. [2012 Delhi gang rape. The Indian Supreme Court upholds the death sentences imposed on four men convicted in the 2012 gang rape and murder of a 23-year-old woman on board a bus in South Delhi. ](/news/2017/05/5/2012-delhi-gang-rape-the-indian-supreme-court-upholds-the-death-sentences-imposed-on-four-men-convicted-in-the-2012-gang-rape-and-murder-of.md) _Context: Supreme Court of India_
3. [November 2016 Jakarta protests. Jakarta Governor Basuki Tjahaja Purnama (Ahok) pleads not guilty to charges of blaspheming Islam during a September 27 campaign speech. Ahok is an ethnic Chinese Christian. ](/news/2016/12/13/november-2016-jakarta-protests-jakarta-governor-basuki-tjahaja-purnama-ahok-pleads-not-guilty-to-charges-of-blaspheming-islam-during-a-se.md) _Context: Islam_
4. [The Indian Supreme Court orders all cinemas must play the national anthem, and the audience must stand during its performance, before a film is screened. Order is effective in 10 days. ](/news/2016/11/30/the-indian-supreme-court-orders-all-cinemas-must-play-the-national-anthem-and-the-audience-must-stand-during-its-performance-before-a-film.md) _Context: Supreme Court of India_
5. [The far-right mayor of the Hungarian border village of Asotthalom, Laszlo Toroczkai, bans the open expression of Islam, including the construction of mosques and wearing of veils and headscarves, and the promotion of same-sex marriages. ](/news/2016/11/25/the-far-right-mayor-of-the-hungarian-border-village-of-asotthalom-la-szla3-toroczkai-bans-the-open-expression-of-islam-including-the-con.md) _Context: Islam_
6. [UNESCO declares the Western Wall an "Islamic site" and refrains from mentioning its connection to Jewish culture. Over half the voting countries chose to abstain. ](/news/2016/10/13/unesco-declares-the-western-wall-an-islamic-site-and-refrains-from-mentioning-its-connection-to-jewish-culture-over-half-the-voting-count.md) _Context: Islam_
7. [A United Nations arbitration court rules India must allow an Italian marine, facing charges of murdering two fishermen during an anti-piracy mission in 2012, to return home pending the Permanent Court of Arbitration's decision over jurisdiction. The suspect, who will remain under the authority of the Supreme Court of India, has been staying in the Italian embassy in New Delhi; his co-defendant returned to Italy with health problems in 2014. ](/news/2016/05/2/a-united-nations-arbitration-court-rules-india-must-allow-an-italian-marine-facing-charges-of-murdering-two-fishermen-during-an-anti-piracy.md) _Context: Supreme Court of India_
8. [India-United Kingdom relations. In response to an ongoing Supreme Court case regarding the ownership of the Koh-i-Noor diamond, the government of India said it should not try to reclaim it from the United Kingdom. The government argues that the diamond was given to the British as a gift and was not stolen. However, the Supreme Court says it will continue with the case. ](/news/2016/04/19/india-united-kingdom-relations-in-response-to-an-ongoing-supreme-court-case-regarding-the-ownership-of-the-koh-i-noor-diamond-the-govern.md) _Context: Supreme Court of India_
9. [Opposition to immigration. Anti-Islamism. Protesters rally against Islam and immigration in several European cities amid growing tensions over the massive influx of asylum-seekers to the continent. ](/news/2016/02/6/opposition-to-immigration-anti-islamism-protesters-rally-against-islam-and-immigration-in-several-european-cities-amid-growing-tensions-ov.md) _Context: Islam_
10. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Destruction of cultural heritage by ISIL. Satellite images released by the Associated Press reveal the historic Saint Elijah's Monastery near the Iraqi city of Mosul, the oldest Christian monastery in Iraq that predates Islam, has been completely razed by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. ](/news/2016/01/20/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-destruction-of-cultural-heritage-by-isil-satellite-images-released-by-the-associated-press-reveal-the-his.md) _Context: Islam_
