### [2013-09-8](/news/2013/09/8/index.md)

# The Islamist al-Nusra Front captures the historic Christian town of Ma'loula from the Syrian Army; Russia calls for protection of the town. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2013/09/08/world/meast/syria-civil-war/)
2. [Interfax](http://www.interfax-religion.com/?act=dujour&div=231)

### Related:

1. [The Syrian Army, backed by Russian airstrikes, retakes control of the strategic town of Salma in the northern Latakia Governorate. The town had been mostly under rebel (FSA) and jihadist (Al-Nusra Front) control since 2012. ](/news/2016/01/12/the-syrian-army-backed-by-russian-airstrikes-retakes-control-of-the-strategic-town-of-salma-in-the-northern-latakia-governorate-the-town.md) _Context: Russia, Syrian Army, al-Nusra_
2. [A Syrian Army commando unit backed by Russian warplanes and helicopters kills 25 ISIL militants in Central Syria, in the northeast of the Homs Governorate. ](/news/2017/08/13/a-syrian-army-commando-unit-backed-by-russian-warplanes-and-helicopters-kills-25-isil-militants-in-central-syria-in-the-northeast-of-the-ho.md) _Context: Russia, Syrian Army_
3. [Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ceasefire-is-said-to.md) _Context: Russia, al-Nusra_
4. [The U.S. Obama administration and the Russian Putin administration agree to a Syrian peace deal. The deal is intended to end combat in specified areas and create a joint center of combat to fight ISIL and Al-Nusra Front. ](/news/2016/09/10/the-u-s-obama-administration-and-the-russian-putin-administration-agree-to-a-syrian-peace-deal-the-deal-is-intended-to-end-combat-in-speci.md) _Context: Russia, al-Nusra_
5. [A Russian Air Force Mi-24 helicopter crashes near Palmyra, Syria, while assisting Syrian Army forces in the area. Russia's Ministry of Defence confirms two Russian pilots, Riafa'at Habibulin and Yevgeny Dolgin, are killed. ](/news/2016/07/9/a-russian-air-force-mi-24-helicopter-crashes-near-palmyra-syria-while-assisting-syrian-army-forces-in-the-area-russia-s-ministry-of-defen.md) _Context: Russia, Syrian Army_
6. [According to Russian ambassador to the United Nations Aleksi Borodavkin, the Syrian Army is preparing to launch an offensive against the ISIL strongholds of Al-Raqqah and the countryside around Deir ez-Zor and that the Russian Air Force will be providing the ground campaign with air support. ](/news/2016/04/29/according-to-russian-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-aleksi-borodavkin-the-syrian-army-is-preparing-to-launch-an-offensive-against-the-isi.md) _Context: Russia, Syrian Army_
7. [Syrian troops advance into Palmyra on multiple fronts with the help of Russian airstrikes and take several neighbourhoods, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. However they were unable to encircle the city. ](/news/2016/03/26/syrian-troops-advance-into-palmyra-on-multiple-fronts-with-the-help-of-russian-airstrikes-and-take-several-neighbourhoods-according-to-the.md) _Context: Russia, Syrian Army_
8. [The Syrian Army, backed by the Russian Air Force, takes control of the town of Ratyan in the Aleppo Governorate, after defeating Al-Nusra Front and Ahrar ash-Sham fighters. ](/news/2016/02/6/the-syrian-army-backed-by-the-russian-air-force-takes-control-of-the-town-of-ratyan-in-the-aleppo-governorate-after-defeating-al-nusra-fr.md) _Context: Syrian Army, al-Nusra_
9. [Sergey Lavrov, the Foreign Minister of Russia, says that Russia's bombing campaign will continue until terrorist organisations like ISIL and Jabhat al-Nusra are defeated; the Syrian opposition's High Negotiations Committee has voiced outrage at an ongoing government offensive backed by Russian air power and called for a halt to air strikes against civilians, among other demands. ](/news/2016/02/3/sergey-lavrov-the-foreign-minister-of-russia-says-that-russia-s-bombing-campaign-will-continue-until-terrorist-organisations-like-isil-and.md) _Context: Russia, al-Nusra_
10. [Russian airstrikes on a Al-Nusra Front (Al-Qaeda's branch in Syria)-run prison complex in the northern town of Maarrat al-Nu'man, Idlib, leaves nearly 60 people dead. Most of those killed were rebels imprisoned by Al-Nusra, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2016/01/9/russian-airstrikes-on-a-al-nusra-front-al-qaeda-s-branch-in-syria-run-prison-complex-in-the-northern-town-of-maarrat-al-nu-man-idlib-lea.md) _Context: Russia, al-Nusra_
