### [2010-11-1](/news/2010/11/1/index.md)

# India and China help boost Asian shares outside Japan by 1.7%. 




### Source:

1. [Livemint](http://www.livemint.com/2010/11/01110321/India-China-lead-way-as-Asia.html?h=E)

### Related:

1. [India has become the world's third-largest economy in purchasing power parity after the United States and China, moving ahead of Japan according to World Bank report. The last survey in 2005 had placed India in 10th place.](/news/2014/04/30/india-has-become-the-world-s-third-largest-economy-in-purchasing-power-parity-after-the-united-states-and-china-moving-ahead-of-japan-accor.md) _Context: Chinese, India, Japan_
2. [In a move likely to cause concern in India, China and Nepal commenced last Sunday the first ever combined military exercises, focusing on counter-terror operations. ](/news/2017/04/17/in-a-move-likely-to-cause-concern-in-india-china-and-nepal-commenced-last-sunday-the-first-ever-combined-military-exercises-focusing-on-co.md) _Context: Chinese, India_
3. [Cybersecurity software maker Check Point reports  ''HummingBad'' malware has infected at least 10 million Android devices, mostly in China and India. Check Point says a team of developers based in Beijing is behind ''HummingBad'' which gives hackers administrative-level access to infected devices.  Apple devices have been hit by similar malware.  ](/news/2016/07/5/cybersecurity-software-maker-check-point-reports-hummingbad-malware-has-infected-at-least-10-million-android-devices-mostly-in-china-a.md) _Context: Chinese, India_
4. [Japan summons China's ambassador, Cheng Yonghua, to Tokyo after a People's Liberation Army Navy warship sailed close to its territorial waters near the disputed Senkaku Islands in the East China Sea for the first time. ](/news/2016/06/9/japan-summons-china-s-ambassador-cheng-yonghua-to-tokyo-after-a-people-s-liberation-army-navy-warship-sailed-close-to-its-territorial-wate.md) _Context: Chinese, Japan_
5. [China's People's Liberation Army (PLA) will be deployed in Pakistan to protect the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor that connects the Chinese-operated Gwadar Port in Balochistan, Pakistan to China's Xinjiang region. Neighboring India has voiced concern about the planned move. ](/news/2016/03/13/china-s-people-s-liberation-army-pla-will-be-deployed-in-pakistan-to-protect-the-chinaapakistan-economic-corridor-that-connects-the-chin.md) _Context: Chinese, India_
6. [Japan and India sign an agreement on high-speed rail, defence technology and a memorandum of understanding on civil nuclear cooperation. ](/news/2015/12/12/japan-and-india-sign-an-agreement-on-high-speed-rail-defence-technology-and-a-memorandum-of-understanding-on-civil-nuclear-cooperation.md) _Context: India, Japan_
7. [The capitals of the world's two most populous nations, China and India, are blanketed in hazardous, choking smog. Beijing, on the second-highest pollution alert, is closing highways, halting or suspending construction while warning residents to stay indoors. The U.S. New Delhi embassy's monitoring station recorded an air quality index of 372,  putting air pollution levels into "hazardous" territory. No action by the New Delhi government. ](/news/2015/11/30/the-capitals-of-the-worldas-two-most-populous-nations-china-and-india-are-blanketed-in-hazardous-choking-smog-beijing-on-the-second-h.md) _Context: Chinese, India_
8. [Japan's prime minister Shinzo Abe says he is considering sending Japanese Navy warships to the South China Sea to back-up U.S. naval operations, saying, "With regard to activity by the Self-Defense Forces in the South China Sea, I will consider it while focusing on what effect the situation has on Japan's security." In response, China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesperson, Hong Lei, told Chinese state media that China will remain on "high alert for intervention by Japan in the South China Sea issue". ](/news/2015/11/21/japan-s-prime-minister-shinza-abe-says-he-is-considering-sending-japanese-navy-warships-to-the-south-china-sea-to-back-up-u-s-naval-operat.md) _Context: Chinese, Japan_
9. [Chinese and Indian troops face-off in the Burtse region of northern Ladakh after Indian troops crossed the mutually-agreed patrolling line to dismantle a disputed watchtower the Chinese were building close to line. ](/news/2015/09/12/chinese-and-indian-troops-face-off-in-the-burtse-region-of-northern-ladakh-after-indian-troops-crossed-the-mutually-agreed-patrolling-line-t.md) _Context: Chinese, India_
10. [''Philippines v. China''The Philippines asks the International Court of Arbitration at The Hague to invalidate China's claims to virtually all of the South China Sea. The hearing was attended by observers from Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, Thailand, and Vietnam. ](/news/2015/07/9/philippines-v-china-pthe-philippines-asks-the-international-court-of-arbitration-at-the-hague-to-invalidate-china-s-claims-to-virtually.md) _Context: Chinese, Japan_
