### [2015-11-23](/news/2015/11/23/index.md)

# A Palestinian kills a 20 year-old Israeli and wounds two women in a stabbing attack at a gas station near the town of Modi'in; the Palestinian assailant is shot and killed by an officer at the scene. 

Israeli soldier murdered in attack on Route 443; Palestinians, 14 and 16, attack passersby with scissors near the city&#39;s market, before being neutralized by police; young Israeli severely wounded on Route 443. 


### Source:

1. [ (Times of Israel](http://www.timesofisrael.com/israeli-man-killed-woman-hurt-in-stabbing-at-west-bank-gas-station/)
2. [Times of Israel](http://www.timesofisrael.com/watch-palestinian-girls-stab-elderly-arab-man-in-jerusalem/)
3. [Ynet News](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-4729699,00.html)
3. [Cover Image](http://www.ynetnews.com/PicServer4/2015/11/23/6652538/66525350991345640360no.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Two Palestinian attackers stab passers-by at the Old City's Jaffa Gate in Jerusalem, Israel, killing two and injuring one; the attackers are shot and killed by two Israeli Border Police officers. ](/news/2015/12/23/two-palestinian-attackers-stab-passers-by-at-the-old-city-s-jaffa-gate-in-jerusalem-israel-killing-two-and-injuring-one-the-attackers-are.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015)_
2. [A Palestinian rams his car into a bus stop near the Chords Bridge at the entrance to Jerusalem before being shot dead by police; fourteen people, including a toddler, are injured in the attack. ](/news/2015/12/14/a-palestinian-rams-his-car-into-a-bus-stop-near-the-chords-bridge-at-the-entrance-to-jerusalem-before-being-shot-dead-by-police-fourteen-pe.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015)_
3. [A Palestinian terrorist fatally stabs a 21-year-old Israeli woman at the Gush Etzion junction in the West Bank; the attacker is shot and killed by Israeli soldiers. ](/news/2015/11/22/a-palestinian-terrorist-fatally-stabs-a-21-year-old-israeli-woman-at-the-gush-etzion-junction-in-the-west-bank-the-attacker-is-shot-and-kil.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015)_
4. [A Palestinian terrorist stabs four people, including a 13-year-old girl, in the southern Israeli town of Kiryat Gat; he flees and evades police for five hours before being arrested. ](/news/2015/11/21/a-palestinian-terrorist-stabs-four-people-including-a-13-year-old-girl-in-the-southern-israeli-town-of-kiryat-gat-he-flees-and-evades-pol.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015)_
5. [40 year old Rabbi Ya'akov Litman and his 18 year-old son are shot dead by a Palestinian gunman, south of Hebron. ](/news/2015/11/13/40-year-old-rabbi-yaaakov-litman-and-his-18-year-old-son-are-shot-dead-by-a-palestinian-gunman-south-of-hebron.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015)_
6. [One Palestinian is killed and three Israeli soldiers injured in two attacks in the West Bank. According to the Israeli army, the Palestinian was shot dead after attempting to stab soldiers at a military checkpoint near the Beit Einun village in Hebron. In a second incident in the same area, a driver rammed and injured three Israeli paramilitary border policemen with his car before fleeing the scene. None of the three were injured seriously. ](/news/2015/11/1/one-palestinian-is-killed-and-three-israeli-soldiers-injured-in-two-attacks-in-the-west-bank-according-to-the-israeli-army-the-palestinian.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015)_
7. [Three Palestinians are shot dead after attacking Israeli soldiers with knives in the occupied West Bank. Jerusalem's Hadassah Hospital reports that 76-year old American-Israeli Richard Lakin, who was critically injured in a bus attack on October 13, 2015, died of his injuries. ](/news/2015/10/27/three-palestinians-are-shot-dead-after-attacking-israeli-soldiers-with-knives-in-the-occupied-west-bank-jerusalem-s-hadassah-hospital-repor.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015)_
8. [Israeli border police shoot dead a 17-year-old girl after she approached them with a knife in the southern West Bank city of Hebron. ](/news/2015/10/25/israeli-border-police-shoot-dead-a-17-year-old-girl-after-she-approached-them-with-a-knife-in-the-southern-west-bank-city-of-hebron.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015)_
9. [Killing of Sergeant Almog Shiloni: A Palestinian man fatally stabs an Israeli soldier in Tel Aviv.2014 Alon Shvut stabbing attack: In a separate attack at a bus stop near Alon Shvut in the West Bank, a Palestinian man runs over three people with a vehicle then stabs all three, resulting in the death of 26-year-old occupational therapist Dahlia Lemkus. ](/news/2014/11/10/killing-of-sergeant-almog-shiloni-a-palestinian-man-fatally-stabs-an-israeli-soldier-in-tel-aviv-2014-alon-shvut-stabbing-attack-in-a-sepa.md) _Context: an officer_
10. [Palestinian militants fire a barrage of rockets from Gaza into southern Israel, in a cross-border escalation following an earlier attack in which four Israeli soldiers are injured, two seriously, when an anti-tank missile fired from the Gaza Strip hits an Israeli army jeep patrolling some 200 meters inside the Israeli border with Gaza; Israel carries out counter-strikes, killing five Palestinians and wounding 30. ](/news/2012/11/10/palestinian-militants-fire-a-barrage-of-rockets-from-gaza-into-southern-israel-in-a-cross-border-escalation-following-an-earlier-attack-in.md) _Context: an officer_
