### [2015-11-23](/news/2015/11/23/index.md)

# American pharmaceutical companies Pfizer and Allergan, Plc announce plans to merge to form the world's largest drug company. The merger is subject to approval from regulators in the U.S., European Union and elsewhere as well as approval by shareholders of both companies. If approved, the deal will reduce tax revenue paid to the U.S. by approximately $930 million.  

$160 billion deal to combine Pfizer and Allergan raises outcry


### Source:

1. [Reuters via The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/national/merger-of-pfizer-and-allergan-would-create-worlds-biggest-drug-maker/2015/11/22/05ea4260-915e-11e5-a2d6-f57908580b1f_story.html)
2. [AP via Denver Post](http://www.denverpost.com/business/ci_29157701/160b-deal-combine-pfizer-and-allergan-raises-outcry)
3. [Washington University](http://news.wustl.edu/news/Pages/Rosenzweig-Pfizer-tax-inversion.aspx)

### Related:

1. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: European Union, United States_
2. [Following diplomatic mediation by the European Union and the United States, minority Serbs tear down a concrete wall in Mitrovica. The city's majority Albanians regarded the wall as a provocation. ](/news/2017/02/5/following-diplomatic-mediation-by-the-european-union-and-the-united-states-minority-serbs-tear-down-a-concrete-wall-in-mitrovica-the-city.md) _Context: European Union, United States_
3. [The  report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council -- the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union -- calls on Israel to end  settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on  Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, "The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-a-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-a.md) _Context: European Union, United States_
4. [Both Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide  and Marriott International   shareholders  approve Marriott's acquisition of Starwood, which will create the world's largest  hotelier.   The deal has cleared the pre-merger antitrust reviews in the United States and Canada; approvals from the European Union and China is pending. Last week, Anbang Insurance Group topped Marriott's bid, then withdrew their offer three days later. ](/news/2016/04/8/both-starwood-hotels-and-resorts-worldwide-and-marriott-international-shareholders-approve-marriott-s-acquisition-of-starwood-which-wil.md) _Context: European Union, United States_
5. [Pfizer Inc. decides to terminate its $160 billion merger with Allergan, Plc as officials in Washington crack down on corporate inversions. Pfizer will need to pay a $400 million fee to Allergan for expenses relating to the deal. ](/news/2016/04/5/pfizer-inc-decides-to-terminate-its-160-billion-merger-with-allergan-plc-as-officials-in-washington-crack-down-on-corporate-inversions-p.md) _Context: Allergan, Plc, Pfizer Inc._
6. [The U.S. Treasury Department announces new regulations to curb tax-avoiding corporate inversions, i.e., where U.S. companies slash their tax bills by claiming a new tax home overseas, though their core operations and management remain in the United States. The pending $160 billion merger of Pfizer Inc. and Allergan, Plc could be cancelled because of these new rules. ](/news/2016/04/4/the-u-s-treasury-department-announces-new-regulations-to-curb-tax-avoiding-corporate-inversions-i-e-where-u-s-companies-slash-their-tax.md) _Context: Allergan, Plc, Pfizer Inc._
7. [Mayor of London and cabinet member Boris Johnson says that U.S. President Barack Obama is "inconsistent and hypocritical" in persuading the British people to remain in the European Union. ](/news/2016/04/22/mayor-of-london-and-cabinet-member-boris-johnson-says-that-u-s-president-barack-obama-is-inconsistent-and-hypocritical-in-persuading-the.md) _Context: European Union, United States_
8. [U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron, at the upcoming Nuclear Security Summit in Washington, D.C.,   will announce  a three-way deal with the United States and Euratom, the European Union nuclear agency, to turn nuclear waste into medical isotopes to help fight cancer. ](/news/2016/03/30/u-k-prime-minister-david-cameron-at-the-upcoming-nuclear-security-summit-in-washington-d-c-will-announce-a-three-way-deal-with-the-u.md) _Context: European Union, United States_
9. [The European Union and the United States advise interim Macedonian Prime Minister Emil Dimitriev to postpone elections scheduled for April 24, 2016. ](/news/2016/02/21/the-european-union-and-the-united-states-advise-interim-macedonian-prime-minister-emil-dimitriev-to-postpone-elections-scheduled-for-april-2.md) _Context: European Union, United States_
10. [The International Atomic Energy Agency states that Iran has complied with its commitments under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, paving the way for international sanctions to be lifted by the United States and European Union. ](/news/2016/01/16/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-states-that-iran-has-complied-with-its-commitments-under-the-joint-comprehensive-plan-of-action-pavi.md) _Context: European Union, United States_
