### [2015-11-23](/news/2015/11/23/index.md)

# An explosion at Japan's controversial Yasukuni Shrine for the war dead in Tokyo damages the ceiling and a wall of a public bathroom near the shrine-s southern entrance. No one was injured. 

An explosion at around 10 a.m. Monday at controversial Yasukuni Shrine damages the ceiling and a wall of a public restroom near the shrine&#039;s southern entrance.


### Source:

1. [AP via ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/explosion-reported-japans-controversial-yasukuni-shrine-35364989)
2. [Japan Times](http://www.japantimes.co.jp/news/2015/11/23/national/crime-legal/explosion-damages-toilet-at-japans-controversial-yasukuni-shrine/#.VlKx-F5BnYv)

### Related:

1. [2016 Pacific typhoon season. Typhoon Mindulle is forecast to make landfall near the Japanese capital Tokyo with flights and train services being cancelled. It arrives one day after Typhoon Kompasu. ](/news/2016/08/22/2016-pacific-typhoon-season-typhoon-mindulle-is-forecast-to-make-landfall-near-the-japanese-capital-tokyo-with-flights-and-train-services-b.md) _Context: Japan, Tokyo_
2. [Yoichi Masuzoe resigns as the Governor of the Japanese capital Tokyo over a political funding scandal. He was due to face a no-confidence motion in the Tokyo Metropolitan Assembly later today. ](/news/2016/06/15/yaichi-masuzoe-resigns-as-the-governor-of-the-japanese-capital-tokyo-over-a-political-funding-scandal-he-was-due-to-face-a-no-confidence-m.md) _Context: Japan, Tokyo_
3. [Japan-United States relations. Thousands protest outside the Japanese parliament in Tokyo against the relocation of a U.S. military base on Okinawa Island. Residents cite noise, pollution, and crime as reasons for not wanting a new base built. ](/news/2016/02/21/japan-united-states-relations-thousands-protest-outside-the-japanese-parliament-in-tokyo-against-the-relocation-of-a-u-s-military-base-o.md) _Context: Japan, Tokyo_
4. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. Japan-North Korea relations. Japan deploys two MIM-104 Patriot surface-to-air missile interceptor systems in Tokyo in preparation for any North Korean ballistic missiles potentially heading for the city. The deployment comes amid concerns of an imminent North Korean missile launch following the detection of "increased activity" at a North Korean missile facility. ](/news/2016/01/31/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-japan-north-korea-relations-japan-deploys-two-mim-104-patriot-surface-to-air-missile-interce.md) _Context: Japan, Tokyo_
5. [Australia-Japan relations. In Tokyo, Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull says his country is -very disappointed- with Japan-s decision to resume whaling, but this dispute should not be allowed to hurt the two countries' special strategic ties. Malcolm Turnbull, who replaced Tony Abbott in September, is on his first visit to Japan which will include talks with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. ](/news/2015/12/18/australia-japan-relations-in-tokyo-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-says-his-country-is-very-disappointed-with-japan-s.md) _Context: Japan, Tokyo_
6. [Japanese anti-militarism protests. Students and activists protest in Tokyo against a proposal to amend Japan's pacifist constitution. ](/news/2015/08/30/japanese-anti-militarism-protests-students-and-activists-protest-in-tokyo-against-a-proposal-to-amend-japan-s-pacifist-constitution.md) _Context: Japan, Tokyo_
7. [The Kyodo news agency reports that the Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo Abe sent a ritual offering to the controversial Yasukuni Shrine in Tokyo that could complicate relations with China and South Korea. ](/news/2014/10/17/the-kyodo-news-agency-reports-that-the-prime-minister-of-japan-shinzo-abe-sent-a-ritual-offering-to-the-controversial-yasukuni-shrine-in-tok.md) _Context: Tokyo, Yasukuni Shrine_
8. [Two Japanese cabinet ministers Keiji Furuya and Yoshitaka Shindo visit the Yasukuni Shrine to mark the 69th anniversary of Japan's surrender at the end of World War II. This visit upsets China and South Korea as the shrine contains the graves of war criminals. ](/news/2014/08/15/two-japanese-cabinet-ministers-keiji-furuya-and-yoshitaka-shindo-visit-the-yasukuni-shrine-to-mark-the-69th-anniversary-of-japan-s-surrender.md) _Context: Japan, Yasukuni Shrine_
9. [Tokyo gubernatorial election, 2014:. Voters in the Japanese capital of Tokyo elect Yoichi Masuzoe to replace former Governor Naoki Inose, who resigned on December 24, 2013. ](/news/2014/02/9/tokyo-gubernatorial-election-2014-voters-in-the-japanese-capital-of-tokyo-elect-yoichi-masuzoe-to-replace-former-governor-naoki-inose-wh.md) _Context: Japan, Tokyo_
10. [Books related to Anne Frank are vandalized across public libraries in Tokyo, Japan. ](/news/2014/02/21/books-related-to-anne-frank-are-vandalized-across-public-libraries-in-tokyo-japan.md) _Context: Japan, Tokyo_
