### [2015-11-23](/news/2015/11/23/index.md)

# Human rights activists and families of the victims decry the lack of justice six years after the murder of around 58 people, including journalists and politicians,  in Maguindanao, Mindanao. They criticize the regime of Philippines President Benigno Aquino III for the lack of convictions in the trial. 

Six years after gunmen flagged down a convoy of cars in the southern Philippine province and massacred all 58 occupants, relatives of the victims said Monday they are losing hope of seeing justice, especially after one of the accused was released on bail.


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/hope-fading-justice-philippines-worst-massacre-35368912)
2. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2015/11/23/families-victims-killed-in-philippines-worst-massacre-losing-hope-seeing/)
3. [Voice of America](http://m.voanews.com/a/justice-elusive-in-2009-philippines-massacre/3069781.html)

### Related:

1. [A motorcycle gunman shoots and kills a journalist in the Philippines who had been critical of local officials' alleged involvement in the illegal drug trade. The murder of the journalist is the 34th since the regime of Benigno Aquino III began in 2010. ](/news/2015/02/14/a-motorcycle-gunman-shoots-and-kills-a-journalist-in-the-philippines-who-had-been-critical-of-local-officials-alleged-involvement-in-the-il.md) _Context: Benigno Aquino III, Philippines, journalist_
2. [Moro insurgency in the Philippines:Philippines President Benigno Aquino III submits a bill to the Congress of the Philippines that will give autonomy to Filipino Muslims in Bangsamoro and bring peace to Mindanao.](/news/2014/09/10/moro-insurgency-in-the-philippines-pphilippines-president-benigno-aquino-iii-submits-a-bill-to-the-congress-of-the-philippines-that-will-giv.md) _Context: Benigno Aquino III, Mindanao, Philippines_
3. [ President of the Philippines Gloria Arroyo lifts martial law in Maguindanao in the south of the country, where 57 people were killed in political violence there last month. ](/news/2009/12/12/president-of-the-philippines-gloria-arroyo-lifts-martial-law-in-maguindanao-in-the-south-of-the-country-where-57-people-were-killed-in-pol.md) _Context: Maguindanao, Maguindanao massacre, Philippines_
4. [ Philippine President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo declares a state of emergency in the entire Maguindanao province in southern Philippines following the bloodiest election-related massacre in Philippine history which left at least 40 people dead, including a local politician and about a dozen journalists. ](/news/2009/11/24/philippine-president-gloria-macapagal-arroyo-declares-a-state-of-emergency-in-the-entire-maguindanao-province-in-southern-philippines-follo.md) _Context: Maguindanao, Maguindanao massacre, Philippines_
5. [ Forty three people, including a local politician and about a dozen journalists, are killed in a massacre in Maguindanao, Philippines.](/news/2009/11/23/forty-three-people-including-a-local-politician-and-about-a-dozen-journalists-are-killed-in-a-massacre-in-maguindanao-philippines.md) _Context: Maguindanao, Maguindanao massacre, Philippines_
6. [A 6.5 magnitude earthquake strikes 14 kilometers (8 miles) northwest of Surigao City on the Philippines island of Mindanao and kills four people, injures  more than 100  others, and damages multiple buildings. ](/news/2017/02/10/a-6-5-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-14-kilometers-8-miles-northwest-of-surigao-city-on-the-philippines-island-of-mindanao-and-kills-four-pe.md) _Context: Mindanao, Philippines_
7. [The armed group Abu Sayyaf kidnaps a German national and murders his female companion off the coast of Mindanao in the Philippines. ](/news/2016/11/7/the-armed-group-abu-sayyaf-kidnaps-a-german-national-and-murders-his-female-companion-off-the-coast-of-mindanao-in-the-philippines.md) _Context: Mindanao, Philippines_
8. [Almost 2,000 families are displaced in Mindanao region of the Philippines due to clashes between government forces and Islamist militants. ](/news/2016/11/29/almost-2-000-families-are-displaced-in-mindanao-region-of-the-philippines-due-to-clashes-between-government-forces-and-islamist-militants.md) _Context: Mindanao, Philippines_
9. [The Philippines Secretary of National Defense Delfin Lorenzana suspends participation in any joint patrols with the United States in the disputed South China Sea. Lorenzana will ask a detachment of 107 U.S. troops providing counterterrorism assistance on the southern island of Mindanao to leave as President Rodrigo Duterte requested. ](/news/2016/10/7/the-philippines-secretary-of-national-defense-delfin-lorenzana-suspends-participation-in-any-joint-patrols-with-the-united-states-in-the-dis.md) _Context: Mindanao, Philippines_
10. [In light of the attacks, the governments of Australia, Canada, Singapore, the United Kingdom, and the United States issue travel warnings against going to Mindanao, Philippines. ](/news/2016/09/4/in-light-of-the-attacks-the-governments-of-australia-canada-singapore-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states-issue-travel-warnings-ag.md) _Context: Mindanao, Philippines_
