### [2015-11-23](/news/2015/11/23/index.md)

# Seven people are feared dead after a helicopter crashes in the Indian town of Katra, Jammu and Kashmir, near the Hindu shrine of Vaishno Devi. 

A bird-hit soon after take-off downed the helicopter that killed six pilgrims from Vaishno Devi and a woman pilot in Jammu&#039;s Katra today. The aircraft -- which was returning from Sanji Chhat to Katra -- crashed and caught fire.


### Source:

1. [NDTV](http://www.ndtv.com/india-news/chopper-carrying-vaishno-devi-pilgrims-crashes-in-katra-6-feared-dead-1246462)

### Related:

1. [A fire occurs at a Hindu temple in the Kollam district of the Indian state of Kerala. At least 102 people have been killed and hundreds injured. ](/news/2016/04/10/a-fire-occurs-at-a-hindu-temple-in-the-kollam-district-of-the-indian-state-of-kerala-at-least-102-people-have-been-killed-and-hundreds-inju.md) _Context: Hindu, India_
2. [Tens of millions of Hindus bathe in the Ganges River in the Indian city of Allahabad during the Maha Kumbh Mela festival. ](/news/2013/02/10/tens-of-millions-of-hindus-bathe-in-the-ganges-river-in-the-indian-city-of-allahabad-during-the-maha-kumbh-mela-festival.md) _Context: Hindu, India_
3. [Narendra Modi, the Chief Minister of the Indian state of Gujarat, orders an inquiry into the death of six people at a stampede at the Bhavnath Hindu temple in the Junagadh district over the weekend. ](/news/2012/02/20/narendra-modi-the-chief-minister-of-the-indian-state-of-gujarat-orders-an-inquiry-into-the-death-of-six-people-at-a-stampede-at-the-bhavna.md) _Context: Hindu, India_
4. [Allahabad High Court in India gives its verdict on the Ayodhya title suits, amid fears that the ruling could spark unrest. They decide to split the site into three portions between Hindus and Muslims. ](/news/2010/09/30/allahabad-high-court-in-india-gives-its-verdict-on-the-ayodhya-title-suits-amid-fears-that-the-ruling-could-spark-unrest-they-decide-to-sp.md) _Context: Hindu, India_
5. [At least 63 people die after a stampede at a Hindu temple in Pratapgarh, Uttar Pradesh, India. ](/news/2010/03/4/at-least-63-people-die-after-a-stampede-at-a-hindu-temple-in-pratapgarh-uttar-pradesh-india.md) _Context: Hindu, India_
6. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims it has a "basic consensus" with Bhutan and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/no-dispute-with-bhutan-in-doklam-china/articleshow/59456533.cms (The Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-it.md) _Context: India_
7. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
8. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
9. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: India_
10. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan, China releases a map detailing pieces of land claimed by Bhutan and India as belonging to China. China claims, via the map, that territory up until Gipmochi belongs to China and claims it's supported by the 1890 Convention of Calcutta. ](/news/2017/07/1/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-china-releases-a-map-detailing-pieces-of-land-claimed-by-bhutan-and-india-as-belon.md) _Context: India_
