### [2006-03-25](/news/2006/03/25/index.md)

#  Reading Football Club are promoted to the Premier League for the first time in their 135-year history. They are also the first post-war football club to be promoted to the Premier League in March.




### Related:

1. [At least 11 people are killed and 16 others are injured after a gunman opens fire on football fans watching an English Premier League game near Juba, South Sudan. ](/news/2016/11/6/at-least-11-people-are-killed-and-16-others-are-injured-after-a-gunman-opens-fire-on-football-fans-watching-an-english-premier-league-game-n.md) _Context: English Premier League_
2. [A former Premier League football youth star is jailed for life with a minimum term of 10 years after being convicted of murdering his girlfriend, who sustained at least 60 stab wounds to the head and body. ](/news/2012/09/7/a-former-premier-league-football-youth-star-is-jailed-for-life-with-a-minimum-term-of-10-years-after-being-convicted-of-murdering-his-girlfr.md) _Context: English Premier League_
3. [John Terry, the captain of the England football team is to face criminal charges over allegations he used racist language towards a black player during a Premier League game. ](/news/2011/12/21/john-terry-the-captain-of-the-england-football-team-is-to-face-criminal-charges-over-allegations-he-used-racist-language-towards-a-black-pl.md) _Context: English Premier League_
4. [The European Court of Justice rules against "the imposition of national borders to sell broadcasting rights on a territory-by-territory basis", as this is in contravention of EU laws on free trade. It would allow members of the public to seek cheaper providers of Premier League football, whilst finding against a landlady who used Greek television to show live football in her public house. ](/news/2011/10/4/the-european-court-of-justice-rules-against-the-imposition-of-national-borders-to-sell-broadcasting-rights-on-a-territory-by-territory-basi.md) _Context: English Premier League_
5. [Hundreds of Twitter users post the name of an English Premier League footballer who won a superinjunction to stop details of his affair going public, in protest at the player's attempts to sue the social networking site. ](/news/2011/05/21/hundreds-of-twitter-users-post-the-name-of-an-english-premier-league-footballer-who-won-a-superinjunction-to-stop-details-of-his-affair-goin.md) _Context: English Premier League_
6. [A new Premier League scoring record is set with 41 goals scored in 8 matches.League leaders Manchester United are stunned 2-1 by last-place Wolverhampton Wanderers, ending United's 29-match unbeaten streak in Premiership play.Second-place Arsenal become the first team since the establishment of the Premier League in 1992 to blow a 4-0 lead, as Newcastle United storm back to draw 4-4.](/news/2011/02/5/a-new-premier-league-scoring-record-is-set-with-41-goals-scored-in-8-matches-league-leaders-manchester-united-are-stunned-2a1-by-last-plac.md) _Context: English Premier League_
7. [The UK tourist resort of Blackpool is expected to benefit "tens of millions" of pounds, described by the tourism chief as "unthinkable", following the local football club's elevation to the Premier League as an open-top bus tour is announced. ](/news/2010/05/23/the-uk-tourist-resort-of-blackpool-is-expected-to-benefit-tens-of-millions-of-pounds-described-by-the-tourism-chief-as-unthinkable-fol.md) _Context: English Premier League_
8. [ English Premier League footballer Marlon King is convicted of sexual assault, imprisoned and sacked by his club Wigan Athletic F.C. ](/news/2009/10/29/english-premier-league-footballer-marlon-king-is-convicted-of-sexual-assault-imprisoned-and-sacked-by-his-club-wigan-athletic-f-c.md) _Context: English Premier League_
9. [ English Premier League football club Chelsea F.C. are barred from purchasing players on transfer until January 2011 by FIFA for inducing Gal Kakuta to illegally break his contract with French Ligue 1 club RC Lens in 2007. ](/news/2009/09/3/english-premier-league-football-club-chelsea-f-c-are-barred-from-purchasing-players-on-transfer-until-january-2011-by-fifa-for-inducing-ga.md) _Context: English Premier League_
10. [ Manchester United Football Club win the 2008-09 season of the Premier League. ](/news/2009/05/16/manchester-united-football-club-win-the-2008-09-season-of-the-premier-league.md) _Context: English Premier League_
