### [2012-12-3](/news/2012/12/3/index.md)

# South Korea's Yonhap news agency reports that North Korea has installed an Unha rocket at its Dongchang-ri launch site. Japan is threatening to shoot down the rocket if it manages to stay airborne and threaten Japanese territory. 

Japan is threatening to shoot down a North Korean rocket that Pyongyang says it could launch next week.


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2012-12-03/japan-threatens-to-shoot-down-north-korean-rocket/4403910)
2. [Yonhap](http://english.yonhapnews.co.kr/news/2012/12/03/0200000000AEN20121203004751320.HTML)

### Related:

1. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea launches a Short-Range Ballistic missile near Wonsan towards the Sea of Japan, according to South Korea. The missile reportedly lands in Japan's exclusive economic zone (EEZ) after traveling 450 km. ](/news/2017/05/29/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-launches-a-short-range-ballistic-missile-near-wansan-towards-the-sea-of-japan-acc.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea, South Korea_
2. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-east.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea, South Korea_
3. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea attempts again to launch a BM25 Musudan intermediate-range ballistic missile capable of striking South Korea or Japan but is unsuccessful. ](/news/2016/05/31/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-attempts-again-to-launch-a-bm25-musudan-intermediate-range-ballistic-missile-capabl.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea, South Korea_
4. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. Amid growing concern about North Korea's ballistic missile capability, South Korea, Japan and the U.S. are to hold their first ever joint anti-missile exercise next month, according to South Korea's Ministry of National Defense. The three countries will practice "detecting and tracing a hypothetical North Korean missile," said a ministry official. ](/news/2016/05/17/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-amid-growing-concern-about-north-korea-s-ballistic-missile-capability-south-korea-japan-and-t.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea, South Korea_
5. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. South Korea has determined North Korea is capable of mounting a nuclear warhead on its medium-range Rodong-1 ballistic missile, which could reach all of South Korea and most of Japan, according to a senior government official. ](/news/2016/04/5/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-south-korea-has-determined-north-korea-is-capable-of-mounting-a-nuclear-warhead-on-its-medium-r.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea, South Korea_
6. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. According to South Korea's Yonhap news agency, North Korea appears to be preparing a test-launch of an intermediate-range ballistic missile. This comes after what the United States described as the "fiery, catastrophic" failure of the first attempt a few days prior. ](/news/2016/04/26/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-according-to-south-korea-s-yonhap-news-agency-north-korea-appears-to-be-preparing-a-test-launc.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, Yonhap_
7. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. South Korea's Yonhap news agency reports that North Korea tried to launch a BM25 Musudan intermediate-range ballistic missile but was unsuccessful. ](/news/2016/04/15/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-south-korea-s-yonhap-news-agency-reports-that-north-korea-tried-to-launch-a-bm25-musudan-interm.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, Yonhap_
8. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea deploys one or two intermediate-range ballistic missiles on its east coast, possibly preparing for launch on or around Friday, the anniversary of the birth of the country-s founder Kim Il-sung, according to South Korea-s Yonhap news agency. ](/news/2016/04/14/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-deploys-one-or-two-intermediate-range-ballistic-missiles-on-its-east-coast-possibl.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, Yonhap_
9. [South Korea-United States relations. Four U.S. F-22 stealth fighters, escorted by other U.S. and South Korean jets, flew low over the Osan Air Base in a show of force following North Korea's recent rocket launch. The Yonhap news agency reported two of these stealth planes will be deployed in South Korea "for a while." ](/news/2016/02/17/south-korea-united-states-relations-four-u-s-f-22-stealth-fighters-escorted-by-other-u-s-and-south-korean-jets-flew-low-over-the-osan.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, Yonhap_
10. [South Korea's Yonhap news agency reports North Korea appears to conduct a submarine-launched ballistic missile test that ended in failure with no indication that the missile successfully ejected from the vessel and took off. ](/news/2015/11/28/south-korea-s-yonhap-news-agency-reports-north-korea-appears-to-conduct-a-submarine-launched-ballistic-missile-test-that-ended-in-failure-wi.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, Yonhap_
