### [2005-03-19](/news/2005/03/19/index.md)

#  Manny Pacquiao and Erik Morales met for their first of three epic boxing matches. Morales won the 12-round bout by unanimous decision. Pacquiao would later revenge the bout, fighting Morales two more times, winning both by knockout.




### Related:

1. [Moro conflict: Philippine president Benigno Aquino III says that the Abu Sayyaf militants plan to kidnap his sister actress Kris Aquino and boxer Manny Pacquiao. ](/news/2016/04/27/moro-conflict-philippine-president-benigno-aquino-iii-says-that-the-abu-sayyaf-militants-plan-to-kidnap-his-sister-actress-kris-aquino-and.md) _Context: Manny Pacquiao_
2. [Philippine Senate election, 2016: Walden Bello, a socialist candidate for the Philippine Senate, files a petition that may disqualify boxer Manny Pacquiao for violating election rules regarding publicity. Based on the commission's rules, Pacquiao's wife, Jinkee Pacquiao, may substitute. ](/news/2016/02/22/philippine-senate-election-2016-walden-bello-a-socialist-candidate-for-the-philippine-senate-files-a-petition-that-may-disqualify-boxer.md) _Context: Manny Pacquiao_
3. [Philippine Senate election, 2016: Nike, Inc. drops Manny Pacquiao as an endorser after his remarks about LGBT people. ](/news/2016/02/18/philippine-senate-election-2016-nike-inc-drops-manny-pacquiao-as-an-endorser-after-his-remarks-about-lgbt-people.md) _Context: Manny Pacquiao_
4. [Philippine Senate election, 2016: Filipino Senate candidate and boxer Manny Pacquiao calls LGBT people "less than animals" when asked about his opposition to same-sex marriage, prompting condemnation from prominent Filipino LGBT figures such as Aiza Seguerra, John Lapus and Vice Ganda. Pacquiao later apologizes. ](/news/2016/02/16/philippine-senate-election-2016-filipino-senate-candidate-and-boxer-manny-pacquiao-calls-lgbt-people-less-than-animals-when-asked-about.md) _Context: Manny Pacquiao_
5. [Philippine general election, 2010: Mayor Jejomar Binay and Senator Mar Roxas are still in a tight race for the vice-presidency. [http://newsinfo.inquirer.net/topstories/topstories/view/20100512-269597/Roxas-Binay-camps-trade-barbs-as-VP-race-heats-up "(Philippine Daily Inquirer)"]: Philippine President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo is elected as representative of Pampanga, the first outgoing president to be elected to the House of Representatives. [http://www.gmanews.tv/eleksyon2010/story/news/190811/arroyo-proclaimed-as-pampanga-congresswoman (GMA News)]: Former First Lady Imelda Marcos is elected as representative of Ilocos Norte. [http://newsinfo.inquirer.net/breakingnews/nation/view/20100511-269426/Imelda-Marcos-wins-big "(Philippine Daily Inquirer)"]: World-renowned boxer Manny Pacquiao is elected as representative of Sarangani. [http://www.philstar.com/Article.aspx?articleId=574540&publicationSubCategoryId=63 "(Philippine Star)"]](/news/2010/05/12/philippine-general-election-2010-mayor-jejomar-binay-and-senator-mar-roxas-are-still-in-a-tight-race-for-the-vice-presidency-http-news.md) _Context: Manny Pacquiao_
6. [ Filipino boxer Manny Pacquiao defeats Mexican American Oscar De La Hoya during a welterweight bout at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas, Nevada. ](/news/2008/12/6/filipino-boxer-manny-pacquiao-defeats-mexican-american-oscar-de-la-hoya-during-a-welterweight-bout-at-the-mgm-grand-garden-arena-in-las-veg.md) _Context: Manny Pacquiao_
7. [ Filipino boxer Manny Pacquiao beats the American David Daz to win the WBC world lightweight title. Pacquiao becomes the first Asian boxer to win four titles in four different weight divisions. ](/news/2008/06/28/filipino-boxer-manny-pacquiao-beats-the-american-david-diaz-to-win-the-wbc-world-lightweight-title-pacquiao-becomes-the-first-asian-boxer.md) _Context: Manny Pacquiao_
