### [2004-08-30](/news/2004/08/30/index.md)

#  Tropical Storm Gaston douses Richmond, Virginia, with up to 14&nbsp;inches of rain, causing widespread flooding. Governor Mark Warner declares a state of emergency in Central Virginia. 




### Source:

1. [ABCNEWS](http://abcnews.go.com/wire/US/ap20040831_147.html)
2. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/weather/hurricane/2004-08-30-frances-pm_x.htm)

### Related:

1. [ Atlanta Falcons quarterback Michael Vick agrees to a plea deal to charges of conspiracy to travel in interstate commerce in aid of unlawful activities and conspiracy to sponsor a dog in an animal fighting venture in Richmond, Virginia, USA. ](/news/2007/08/20/atlanta-falcons-quarterback-michael-vick-agrees-to-a-plea-deal-to-charges-of-conspiracy-to-travel-in-interstate-commerce-in-aid-of-unlawful.md) _Context: Richmond, Virginia, Virginia_
2. [ Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom begins a tour of Virginia with a speech to the General Assembly of Virginia in Richmond in honour of the 400th anniversary of the first permanent English settlement in Jamestown, Virginia. She also meets with victims of the Virginia Tech Massacre before departing for Colonial Williamsburg. ](/news/2007/05/3/queen-elizabeth-ii-of-the-united-kingdom-begins-a-tour-of-virginia-with-a-speech-to-the-general-assembly-of-virginia-in-richmond-in-honour.md) _Context: Richmond, Virginia, Virginia_
3. [ Virginia Governor Mark R. Warner grants clemency in the case of convicted murderer Robin Lovitt. It was about 24 hours before Lovitt was scheduled to be executed. Evidence against Lovitt had been illegally destroyed after his trial by a court clerk, preventing DNA testing that may have cleared him of the crime. Lovitt's execution was to be the 1,000th execution in the United States since the Supreme Court reinstated the death penalty in 1976. ](/news/2005/11/29/virginia-governor-mark-r-warner-grants-clemency-in-the-case-of-convicted-murderer-robin-lovitt-it-was-about-24-hours-before-lovitt-was-sc.md) _Context: Mark R. Warner, Virginia_
4. [Orbital ATK Antares 230 rocket launches carrying an unmanned resupply spacecraft, the Cygnus CRS OA-5 cargo ship, to the International Space Station from NASA's Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia. The mission returns the Antares rocket to flight after an anomaly on October 28, 2014, caused an Antares-series rocket to explode seconds after liftoff. ](/news/2016/10/17/orbital-atk-antares-230-rocket-launches-carrying-an-unmanned-resupply-spacecraft-the-cygnus-crs-oa-5-cargo-ship-to-the-international-space.md) _Context: Virginia_
5. [The "Richmond Times-Dispatch" of Virginia is first to endorse Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson for president and the first newspaper media endorsement of a third-party nominee in this election cycle. ](/news/2016/09/4/the-richmond-times-dispatch-of-virginia-is-first-to-endorse-libertarian-candidate-gary-johnson-for-president-and-the-first-newspaper-media.md) _Context: Virginia_
6. [The U.S. states of North Carolina and Virginia declare a state of emergency over gas shortages as a result of the Colonial pipeline leak in Shelby County, Alabama. ](/news/2016/09/19/the-u-s-states-of-north-carolina-and-virginia-declare-a-state-of-emergency-over-gas-shortages-as-a-result-of-the-colonial-pipeline-leak-in.md) _Context: Virginia_
7. [The United States Supreme Court grants a Virginia school board's emergency request to stop implementation of the federal government policy that calls for student use of the bathroom consistent with their gender identity in order to allow the board to appeal the Fourth Circuit Court ruling that upheld this policy. ](/news/2016/08/3/the-united-states-supreme-court-grants-a-virginia-school-board-s-emergency-request-to-stop-implementation-of-the-federal-government-policy-t.md) _Context: Virginia_
8. [Presumptive Democratic Party presidential nominee Hillary Clinton selects Senator Tim Kaine (Virginia) as her vice-presidential running mate. ](/news/2016/07/22/presumptive-democratic-party-presidential-nominee-hillary-clinton-selects-senator-tim-kaine-virginia-as-her-vice-presidential-running-mate.md) _Context: Virginia_
9. [Six people are killed and 10 injured when a van crashes in the U.S. state of Virginia. ](/news/2016/06/18/six-people-are-killed-and-10-injured-when-a-van-crashes-in-the-u-s-state-of-virginia.md) _Context: Virginia_
10. [Two United States Navy FA-18's crash in the Atlantic Ocean near the Outer Banks off the coast of the US state of North Carolina. The four pilots safely ejected from the planes and are being examined in Sentara Norfolk General Hospital in Virginia. ](/news/2016/05/26/two-united-states-navy-fa-18-s-crash-in-the-atlantic-ocean-near-the-outer-banks-off-the-coast-of-the-us-state-of-north-carolina-the-four-pi.md) _Context: Virginia_
