
Formats: [HTML](/news/2004/08/30/u-s-presidential-campaign-the-republican-national-convention-begins-in-new-york-city-massive-protests-are-expected.html)  [JSON](/news/2004/08/30/u-s-presidential-campaign-the-republican-national-convention-begins-in-new-york-city-massive-protests-are-expected.json)  [XML](/news/2004/08/30/u-s-presidential-campaign-the-republican-national-convention-begins-in-new-york-city-massive-protests-are-expected.xml)  

### [2004-08-30](/news/2004/08/30/index.md)

##### 2004 U.S. presidential candidate
#  U.S. presidential campaign: The Republican National Convention begins in New York City. Massive protests are expected. 




### Sources:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2004/ALLPOLITICS/08/30/gop.main/index.html)

### Related:

1. [ U.S. presidential election: George W. Bush accepts the Republican nomination for a second term in office as the party's National Convention concludes, signaling the beginning of all-out campaigning by Bush and Senator John Kerry.](/news/2004/09/2/u-s-presidential-election-george-w-bush-accepts-the-republican-nomination-for-a-second-term-in-office-as-the-party-s-national-convention.md) _Context: 2004 U.S. presidential candidate, National Convention_
2. [ More than 400,000 demonstrators march in New York City, protesting U.S. President George W. Bush and the policies of the Republican Party on the eve of the 2004 Republican National Convention. Republican delegates and politicians, including Vice President Dick Cheney, also begin to arrive in the city. ](/news/2004/08/29/more-than-400-000-demonstrators-march-in-new-york-city-protesting-u-s-president-george-w-bush-and-the-policies-of-the-republican-party-o.md) _Context: National Convention, protests_
3. [ Howard Dean, a former governor of Vermont and a 2004 U.S. presidential candidate, is elected chairman of the Democratic National Committee. ](/news/2005/02/12/howard-dean-a-former-governor-of-vermont-and-a-2004-u-s-presidential-candidate-is-elected-chairman-of-the-democratic-national-committee.md) _Context: 2004 U.S. presidential candidate_
4. [ Reports of "'irregularities"' in the votes for the "'2004 Presidential election"' emerge. Reports of voting machine error and electoral fraud center on Ohio and Florida.](/news/2004/11/9/reports-of-irregularities-in-the-votes-for-the-2004-presidential-election-emerge-reports-of-voting-machine-error-and-electoral-fra.md) _Context: 2004 U.S. presidential candidate_
5. [ Senator John Kerry concedes to President George W. Bush "The outcome should be decided by voters, not a protracted legal process", Kerry said. "I would not give up if there was a chance we could prevail." [http:--reuters.com-newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6703896 (Reuters)] [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-1-hi-world-americas-3980533.stm (BBC)] Republican President George W. Bush wins the popular vote, receiving 3.58 million more votes than Democratic Senator John Kerry. (51.6% to 48.4%, 59.0 million to 55.4 million) Claiming victory in the swing state of Ohio, Bush will probably have more than the 270 votes needed when the U.S. Electoral College meets on December 13. [http:--www.cnn.com-ELECTION-2004- (CNN)] The Republican Party widens its majority in the Senate and House of Representatives. Democratic Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle concedes defeat to Republican challenger John Thune, thus becoming the first Senate leader in 52 years to lose a re-election bid and leaving the leadership of the Democratic Party in the Senate open. [http:--www.cnn.com-2004-ALLPOLITICS-11-02-senate.main-index.html (CNN)] The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) reports that on November 2, touch-screen electronic voting machines in at least six U.S. states had incorrectly recorded their choices, including for the presidential election. Incorrectly recorded votes make up roughly 20 percent of the e-voting problems. [https:--www.eff.org-news-archives-2004_11.php#002062 (EFF)] Same-sex marriage in the United States: Gay rights activists suffer a severe setback when state constitutional amendments prohibiting same-sex marriage are passed in eleven states: Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, Michigan, Mississippi, Montana, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, Oregon, and Utah. The measures in Oregon, Mississippi, and Montana ban same-sex marriage only, while Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, and Utah ban both same-sex marriage and civil unions and Michigan bans granting any benefits whatsoever to same-sex couples. ](/news/2004/11/3/senator-john-kerry-concedes-to-president-george-w-bush-the-outcome-should-be-decided-by-voters-not-a-protracted-legal-process-kerry-sa.md) _Context: 2004 U.S. presidential candidate_
