### [2015-09-9](/news/2015/09/9/index.md)

# Israel reopens its embassy in Cairo, Egypt, after closing it in 2011 after violent protests. 

Embassy had shut down in 2012 after protesters stormed the building in protest over killings of Egyptian border guards.


### Source:

1. [AP via ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/israeli-embassy-reopens-cairo-years-attack-33632019)
2. [Al Jazeera English Online](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2015/09/israel-reopens-embassy-egypt-150909153841311.html)
3. [CNN International](http://edition.cnn.com/2015/09/09/world/israel-re-opens-embassy-in-egypt/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Post-Mubarak transition in Egypt:Protesters storm the Israeli embassy in Cairo, forcing the Israeli ambassador to Egypt to flee. ](/news/2011/09/10/post-mubarak-transition-in-egypt-pprotesters-storm-the-israeli-embassy-in-cairo-forcing-the-israeli-ambassador-to-egypt-to-flee.md) _Context: Cairo, Egypt-Israel relations, Israel_
2. [A 72-hour ceasefire between Israel and Hamas begins, and talks aimed at finding a long-term solution to the conflict commence in Cairo. ](/news/2014/08/11/a-72-hour-ceasefire-between-israel-and-hamas-begins-and-talks-aimed-at-finding-a-long-term-solution-to-the-conflict-commence-in-cairo.md) _Context: Cairo, Israel_
3. [Israel reopens its embassy in Cairo a day after it was closed following the 2011 Nakba Day protests. ](/news/2011/05/17/israel-reopens-its-embassy-in-cairo-a-day-after-it-was-closed-following-the-2011-nakba-day-protests.md) _Context: Cairo, Israel_
4. [The Arab League, speaking in Cairo, states written guarantees are required if Palestine is to enter into direct negotiations with Israel as Egyptian, Israeli, Palestinian and American representatives meet to talk. ](/news/2010/07/18/the-arab-league-speaking-in-cairo-states-written-guarantees-are-required-if-palestine-is-to-enter-into-direct-negotiations-with-israel-as.md) _Context: Cairo, Israel_
5. [A shooting  at the Israeli embassy in Amman, Jordan, leaves one person, a Jordanian, dead, and an Israeli and a Jordanian wounded. There is speculation the attack may be linked to recent events at Jerusalem's  Al-Aqsa Mosque. ](/news/2017/07/23/a-shooting-at-the-israeli-embassy-in-amman-jordan-leaves-one-person-a-jordanian-dead-and-an-israeli-and-a-jordanian-wounded-there-is.md) _Context: Israel_
6. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Israel_
7. [Israel arrests Palestinian lawmaker Khalida Jarrar over allegations of her inciting of violence. ](/news/2017/07/2/israel-arrests-palestinian-lawmaker-khalida-jarrar-over-allegations-of-her-inciting-of-violence.md) _Context: Israel_
8. [Israel strikes two Syrian Army artillery positions and an ammunition truck in Quneitra Governorate, after stray shells from Syria land in the northern Golan Heights for a second day in a row. ](/news/2017/06/25/israel-strikes-two-syrian-army-artillery-positions-and-an-ammunition-truck-in-quneitra-governorate-after-stray-shells-from-syria-land-in-th.md) _Context: Israel_
9. [Israel and Syria exchange weapons fire in the disputed Golan Heights, with Israel destroying several targets, including two Syrian tanks. Although there were deaths on the ground in Syria, the number of casualties among Syrian forces is unknown. No Israeli troops were injured. ](/news/2017/06/24/israel-and-syria-exchange-weapons-fire-in-the-disputed-golan-heights-with-israel-destroying-several-targets-including-two-syrian-tanks-al.md) _Context: Israel_
10. [In two simultaneous attacks near the Damascus Gate in Jerusalem, an Israeli policewoman is fatally stabbed; the three Palestinian assailants are shot dead. ISIL claims were questioned by Israeli authorities. As well, the PFLP and Hamas claim it was their members who did it. ](/news/2017/06/16/in-two-simultaneous-attacks-near-the-damascus-gate-in-jerusalem-an-israeli-policewoman-is-fatally-stabbed-the-three-palestinian-assailants.md) _Context: Israel_
