### [2015-07-15](/news/2015/07/15/index.md)

# A preliminary report from the Dutch Safety Board of the investigation of the Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 (MH17) disaster points to pro-Russian rebels as being responsible for the shooting down of the passenger flight on 17 July 2014. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2015/07/15/politics/mh17-pro-russian-missile-crash-ukraine/index.html)

### Related:

1. [The Dutch Safety Board releases their final report into the Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 (MH17) disaster that concludes that the flight from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur was shot-down by a Russian-made Buk missile system on 17 July 2014 killing 298 people. ](/news/2015/10/13/the-dutch-safety-board-releases-their-final-report-into-the-malaysia-airlines-flight-17-mh17-disaster-that-concludes-that-the-flight-from.md) _Context: Dutch Safety Board, Malaysia Airlines Flight 17_
2. [The Dutch Safety Board issues a preliminary report on Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 which crashed on 17 July. It finds that the aircraft was probably hit by multiple "high-energy objects that penetrated the aircraft from outside" indicating a missile. ](/news/2014/09/9/the-dutch-safety-board-issues-a-preliminary-report-on-malaysia-airlines-flight-17-which-crashed-on-17-july-it-finds-that-the-aircraft-was-p.md) _Context: Dutch Safety Board, Malaysia Airlines Flight 17_
3. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 17; Dutch-led investigators say Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 was downed over eastern Ukraine in 2014 by a Buk missile that had come from Russia. ](/news/2016/09/28/malaysia-airlines-flight-17-dutch-led-investigators-say-malaysia-airlines-flight-mh17-was-downed-over-eastern-ukraine-in-2014-by-a-buk-miss.md) _Context: Malaysia Airlines Flight 17_
4. [Debris from a Buk surface-to-air missile is found at an unspecified location in eastern Ukraine. According to the Dutch Safety Board and the Dutch prosecutor overseeing the criminal investigation, it may have come from a Buk (possibly of Russian origin) fired by rebel fighters, accidentally or purposefully, in the downing of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17. The investigation remains classified. ](/news/2015/08/11/debris-from-a-buk-surface-to-air-missile-is-found-at-an-unspecified-location-in-eastern-ukraine-according-to-the-dutch-safety-board-and-the.md) _Context: Malaysia Airlines Flight 17_
5. [Russia vetoes  a U.N. Security Council resolution that would have established an international criminal tribunal to investigate the downing of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17. ](/news/2015/07/30/russia-vetoes-a-u-n-security-council-resolution-that-would-have-established-an-international-criminal-tribunal-to-investigate-the-downing.md) _Context: Malaysia Airlines Flight 17_
6. [Malaysia announces that they will host a memorial for the victims of MH17 on July 11 at Kuala Lumpur International Airport. ](/news/2015/06/27/malaysia-announces-that-they-will-host-a-memorial-for-the-victims-of-mh17-on-july-11-at-kuala-lumpur-international-airport.md) _Context: Malaysia Airlines Flight 17_
7. [The investigation team  extends its deadline by another nine months to August 2015 due to difficulties in accessing the crash site. ](/news/2014/11/13/the-investigation-team-extends-its-deadline-by-another-nine-months-to-august-2015-due-to-difficulties-in-accessing-the-crash-site.md) _Context: Malaysia Airlines Flight 17_
8. [The bodies and ashes of twenty Malaysian victims who died when the flight was shot down over Ukraine in July have been returned to Kuala Lumpur. ](/news/2014/08/22/the-bodies-and-ashes-of-twenty-malaysian-victims-who-died-when-the-flight-was-shot-down-over-ukraine-in-july-have-been-returned-to-kuala-lum.md) _Context: Malaysia Airlines Flight 17_
9. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: War in Donbass:The Ukrainian government declares a unilateral one-day cease-fire in order to facilitate for a team of forensics experts and crash investigators to reach the site where Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 went down two weeks ago, after days of delay caused by heavy fighting in the area. ](/news/2014/07/31/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-war-in-donbass-pthe-ukrainian-government-declares-a-unilateral-one-day-cease-fire-in-order-to-facilitate.md) _Context: Malaysia Airlines Flight 17_
10. [Moscow describes Tokyo's decision to impose further sanctions on Russia in the wake of the downing of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 as an "unfriendly step" that may harm "the entire system of relations" between Russia and Japan. ](/news/2014/07/29/moscow-describes-tokyo-s-decision-to-impose-further-sanctions-on-russia-in-the-wake-of-the-downing-of-malaysia-airlines-flight-17-as-an-unf.md) _Context: Malaysia Airlines Flight 17_
