### [2015-07-15](/news/2015/07/15/index.md)

# The Hellenic Parliament votes to approve the Greek bailout package despite many senior lawmakers from the ruling Syriza Party refusing to vote for the deal. 

Greek MPs approve tough economic measures required to enable an €86bn eurozone bailout deal to go ahead, amid clashes outside parliament in Athens.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/aponline/2015/07/15/world/europe/ap-eu-greece-bailout.html?_r=0)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-33535205)
2. [Cover Image](https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/cpsprodpb/125B/production/_84299640_84299639.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The Hellenic Parliament approves (with 222 yes votes) Prime Minister of Greece Alexis Tsipras's bailout package, despite opposition by almost one-third of his Syriza party. This third bailout plan is almost identical to the one rejected by the Greek people in the referendum. Tsipras will seek a vote of confidence following the country's August 20th payment to the European Central Bank. ](/news/2015/08/14/the-hellenic-parliament-approves-with-222-yes-votes-prime-minister-of-greece-alexis-tsipras-s-bailout-package-despite-opposition-by-almos.md) _Context: Greek government-debt crisis, Hellenic Parliament, Syriza_
2. [Voters in Greece go to the polls for the third time this year with Syriza (Coalition of the Radical Left) again winning a plurality in the Hellenic Parliament. ](/news/2015/09/20/voters-in-greece-go-to-the-polls-for-the-third-time-this-year-with-syriza-coalition-of-the-radical-left-again-winning-a-plurality-in-the-h.md) _Context: Hellenic Parliament, Syriza_
3. [ A majority in the Greek parliament votes to approve a second bailout reform package. ](/news/2015/07/23/a-majority-in-the-greek-parliament-votes-to-approve-a-second-bailout-reform-package.md) _Context: Greek government-debt crisis timeline, Hellenic Parliament_
4. [The government of Greece submits more legislation to the Hellenic Parliament required by its creditors to start a bailout package. ](/news/2015/07/21/the-government-of-greece-submits-more-legislation-to-the-hellenic-parliament-required-by-its-creditors-to-start-a-bailout-package.md) _Context: Greek government-debt crisis timeline, Hellenic Parliament_
5. [The Hellenic Parliament passes a package of economic reforms to end the current stage of the debt crisis. ](/news/2015/07/11/the-hellenic-parliament-passes-a-package-of-economic-reforms-to-end-the-current-stage-of-the-debt-crisis.md) _Context: Greek government-debt crisis, Hellenic Parliament_
6. [The new Greek prime minister, Lucas Papademos, wins a vote of confidence in Parliament, opening the way for his government of national unity to take the steps to restore financial stability in Greece. ](/news/2011/11/16/the-new-greek-prime-minister-lucas-papademos-wins-a-vote-of-confidence-in-parliament-opening-the-way-for-his-government-of-national-unity.md) _Context: Greek government-debt crisis, Hellenic Parliament_
7. [Greece demands an explanation from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) after an apparent leaked transcript suggested the IMF may threaten to pull out of the country's bailout as a tactic to force European lenders to offer more debt relief. Whistleblowing site WikiLeaks published what it said was the transcript of a March 19 conference call of three senior IMF officials discussing tactics to apply pressure on Greece, Germany and the EU to reach a deal in April. ](/news/2016/04/2/greece-demands-an-explanation-from-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-after-an-apparent-leaked-transcript-suggested-the-imf-may-threaten.md) _Context: Greek government-debt crisis_
8. [A new study shows Greece's six-year austerity program is even affecting prostitution. Gregory Laxos, a sociology professor at the Panteion University in Athens, told the "Times of London" the going rate for sex with a prostitute was 50 euros ($53) when the economic crisis began. Now, it's fallen to as low as two euros ($2.12) for a 30-minute session, or to a cheese pie, a sandwich because they are hungry. ](/news/2015/11/27/a-new-study-shows-greece-s-six-year-austerity-program-is-even-affecting-prostitution-gregory-laxos-a-sociology-professor-at-the-panteion-u.md) _Context: Greek government-debt crisis_
9. [Interim Prime Minister of Greece Vassiliki Thanou-Christophilou, the country's first female prime minister, was sworn in Thursday. The PM named her caretaker government cabinet that will oversee implementation of austerity measures required by the latest debt bailout with Eurogroup. Elections, required after Alexis Tsipras resigned last week, are scheduled for September 20, 2015, the third time Greeks will be going to the polls this year. ](/news/2015/08/28/interim-prime-minister-of-greece-vassiliki-thanou-christophilou-the-country-s-first-female-prime-minister-was-sworn-in-thursday-the-pm-na.md) _Context: Greek government-debt crisis_
10. [Twenty-five parliamentarians from the governing Syriza party announce plans to form a new party, the Popular Unity, led by former energy minister Panagiotis Lafazanis. ](/news/2015/08/21/twenty-five-parliamentarians-from-the-governing-syriza-party-announce-plans-to-form-a-new-party-the-popular-unity-led-by-former-energy-min.md) _Context: Syriza_
