### [2010-12-7](/news/2010/12/7/index.md)

# Results from the parliamentary election in Egypt indicate the ruling National Democratic Party has won 80% of seats. 

Results indicate ruling party takes 80 per cent of parliament seats, which the opposition parties denounce as rigged.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2010/12/201012713823950829.html)

### Related:

1. [An Egyptian court orders the dissolution of the former ruling National Democratic Party of Hosni Mubarak. ](/news/2011/04/16/an-egyptian-court-orders-the-dissolution-of-the-former-ruling-national-democratic-party-of-hosni-mubarak.md) _Context: Egypt, National Democratic Party_
2. [Former Egyptian Interior Minister Habib Ibrahim El Adly is arrested pending investigation of corruption allegations along with former Housing Minister Ahmed Maghrabi, former Tourism Minister Zuhair Garana and a former official from the National Democratic Party. ](/news/2011/02/17/former-egyptian-interior-minister-habib-ibrahim-el-adly-is-arrested-pending-investigation-of-corruption-allegations-along-with-former-housin.md) _Context: Egypt, National Democratic Party_
3. [Egypt holds parliamentary runoff elections following alleged electoral fraud in last week's first round. ](/news/2010/12/5/egypt-holds-parliamentary-runoff-elections-following-alleged-electoral-fraud-in-last-week-s-first-round.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian parliamentary elections_
4. [The opposition Muslim Brotherhood and Wafd parties withdraw from the Egyptian parliamentary election, after the ruling National Democratic Party wins 97% of the seats in the first round last weekend. ](/news/2010/12/1/the-opposition-muslim-brotherhood-and-wafd-parties-withdraw-from-the-egyptian-parliamentary-election-after-the-ruling-national-democratic-p.md) _Context: Egyptian parliamentary elections, National Democratic Party_
5. [The Muslim Brotherhood, Egypt's largest opposition bloc, claims fraud in the parliamentary elections and says it has won no seats. ](/news/2010/11/29/the-muslim-brotherhood-egypt-s-largest-opposition-bloc-claims-fraud-in-the-parliamentary-elections-and-says-it-has-won-no-seats.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian parliamentary elections_
6. [Voters in Egypt go to the polls for parliamentary elections amid reports of the detention of hundreds of opposition supporters, scattered violence, vote buying and the ejection of independent monitors as the government cracks down on the opposition; 21 people are wounded in skirmishes connected with the poll. ](/news/2010/11/28/voters-in-egypt-go-to-the-polls-for-parliamentary-elections-amid-reports-of-the-detention-of-hundreds-of-opposition-supporters-scattered-vi.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian parliamentary elections_
7. [Egypt restricts opposition before vote, with security forces arresting hundreds of opposition activists, and clamping down on the media ahead of parliamentary elections next week according to Amnesty International.  ](/news/2010/11/21/egypt-restricts-opposition-before-vote-with-security-forces-arresting-hundreds-of-opposition-activists-and-clamping-down-on-the-media-ahea.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian parliamentary elections_
8. [Egypt arrests up to 70 members of the banned Muslim Brotherhood opposition group as it begins campaigning for the parliamentary election in November. ](/news/2010/10/26/egypt-arrests-up-to-70-members-of-the-banned-muslim-brotherhood-opposition-group-as-it-begins-campaigning-for-the-parliamentary-election-in.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian parliamentary elections_
9. [ Elections in Egypt: Egyptians vote in a referendum on a constitutional amendment allowing multi-candidate presidential elections while opposition groups call for a boycott, saying that requirements for candidates are too hard and still favour the ruling National Democratic Party. ](/news/2005/05/25/elections-in-egypt-egyptians-vote-in-a-referendum-on-a-constitutional-amendment-allowing-multi-candidate-presidential-elections-while-oppo.md) _Context: Egypt, National Democratic Party_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Egypt_
