### [2011-02-13](/news/2011/02/13/index.md)

# Hina Rabbani Khar is appointed Minister of Foreign Affairs of Pakistan by Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gillani to become the first female Foreign Minister. 




### Source:

1. [The Star](http://thestar.com.my/news/story.asp?file=/2011/2/12/nation)

### Related:

1. [Pakistan issues a red alert as the worst floods in its history move south towards Sindh, with hundreds of thousands of people being evacuated, at least 10,000 cows killed and Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gillani appealing on television for help from the international community. ](/news/2010/08/7/pakistan-issues-a-red-alert-as-the-worst-floods-in-its-history-move-south-towards-sindh-with-hundreds-of-thousands-of-people-being-evacuate.md) _Context: Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan, Yousaf Raza Gillani_
2. [ The Prime Minister of Pakistan Yousaf Raza Gillani denies any involvement in the 2008 Indian embassy bombing in Kabul. The Government of Afghanistan has hinted that it believes that Pakistan's Inter-Services Intelligence had some involvement. ](/news/2008/07/8/the-prime-minister-of-pakistan-yousaf-raza-gillani-denies-any-involvement-in-the-2008-indian-embassy-bombing-in-kabul-the-government-of-af.md) _Context: Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan, Yousaf Raza Gillani_
3. [Pakistan's opposition interrupts Parliament's scheduled session demanding   Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif resign during the investigation of his finances, per Thursday's Supreme Court ruling. ](/news/2017/04/21/pakistan-s-opposition-interrupts-parliament-s-scheduled-session-demanding-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-resign-during-the-investigation-of-h.md) _Context: Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
4. [Former President Pervez Musharraf travels to Dubai for medical treatment of his back and leg, before moving on to either the U.S. or U.K. for additional treatment, spokesperson Aasia Ishaque said. Musharraf, 72, will return to Pakistan to face all pending legal cases. Earlier this week, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's government implemented the Supreme Court ruling, and lifted the 2013 ban that barred  Musharraf from international trips. ](/news/2016/03/18/former-president-pervez-musharraf-travels-to-dubai-for-medical-treatment-of-his-back-and-leg-before-moving-on-to-either-the-u-s-or-u-k-fo.md) _Context: Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
5. [Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi is met by Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif  at Allama Iqbal International Airport in Lahore for a two-hour meeting. Modi's surprise stopover is the first since Indian Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee visited Pakistan in 2004.  ](/news/2015/12/25/indian-prime-minister-narendra-modi-is-met-by-pakistani-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-at-allama-iqbal-international-airport-in-lahore-for-a-t.md) _Context: Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
6. [Pakistani protesters armed with sticks and stones clash with police in the centre of Islamabad after protests calling for the resignation of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif turn violent. All schools in the capital have been closed as a result of the clashes. ](/news/2014/09/1/pakistani-protesters-armed-with-sticks-and-stones-clash-with-police-in-the-centre-of-islamabad-after-protests-calling-for-the-resignation-of.md) _Context: Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
7. [At least three people have been killed in clashes between the Pakistani police and opponents of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif. ](/news/2014/08/31/at-least-three-people-have-been-killed-in-clashes-between-the-pakistani-police-and-opponents-of-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif.md) _Context: Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
8. [Pakistan protestsThe Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf, the third largest party in Pakistan, announces that it will resign its seats in the National Assembly in order to force Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif to resign. ](/news/2014/08/19/pakistan-protestspthe-pakistan-tehreek-e-insaf-the-third-largest-party-in-pakistan-announces-that-it-will-resign-its-seats-in-the-national.md) _Context: Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
9. [A Pakistani court indicts former President Pervez Musharraf for his alleged involvement in the 2007 assassination of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto. ](/news/2013/08/20/a-pakistani-court-indicts-former-president-pervez-musharraf-for-his-alleged-involvement-in-the-2007-assassination-of-former-prime-minister-b.md) _Context: Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
10. [War in North-West Pakistan:Ali Haider Gillani, the son of former Pakistani Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gillani, is abducted by unidentified gunmen at an election rally in the city of Multan two days before the May 11 general election. ](/news/2013/05/9/war-in-north-west-pakistan-pali-haider-gillani-the-son-of-former-pakistani-prime-minister-yousaf-raza-gillani-is-abducted-by-unidentified.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Pakistan, Yousaf Raza Gillani_
