### [2011-02-13](/news/2011/02/13/index.md)

# Iraq War: Jeremy Paxman faces being punished by the BBC after being judged to have violated the corporation's strict impartiality rules by writing an article for ''The Guardian'' in which he stated that Tony Blair's "lies" had led Britain to war with Iraq. 




### Source:

1. [Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1356590/Jeremy-Paxman-warned-BBC-impartiality-Iraq-war-article-Blairs-lies.html?ito=feeds-newsxml)

### Related:

1. [A private note, due to remain secret despite calls for it to be published by the chairman of the Iraq Inquiry, shows former British prime minister Tony Blair privately assured former American president George W. Bush "you can count on us" before they jointly invaded Iraq prior to the Iraq War. ](/news/2011/01/21/a-private-note-due-to-remain-secret-despite-calls-for-it-to-be-published-by-the-chairman-of-the-iraq-inquiry-shows-former-british-prime-mi.md) _Context: Iraq War, Tony Blair_
2. [Iraq Inquiry documents show former British prime minister Tony Blair was offered an alternative to attacking Iraq during a secret meeting held eight days before its soldiers invaded the country in 2003. ](/news/2011/01/20/iraq-inquiry-documents-show-former-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-was-offered-an-alternative-to-attacking-iraq-during-a-secret-meeting-he.md) _Context: Iraq War, Tony Blair_
3. [Tony Blair is recalled to give further evidence before the Iraq Inquiry after "gaps" concerning the legality of the Iraq War are identified in his evidence. Jack Straw and Lord Goldsmith are to return too. ](/news/2010/12/8/tony-blair-is-recalled-to-give-further-evidence-before-the-iraq-inquiry-after-gaps-concerning-the-legality-of-the-iraq-war-are-identified.md) _Context: Iraq War, Tony Blair_
4. [The BBC intervenes and tensions escalate after the UK cabinet members' threat to boycott ''Question Time'' unless Alastair Campbell, former adviser to Tony Blair, is removed from the panel. ](/news/2010/05/28/the-bbc-intervenes-and-tensions-escalate-after-the-uk-cabinet-members-threat-to-boycott-question-time-unless-alastair-campbell-former.md) _Context: BBC, Tony Blair_
5. [Tony Blair appears at the Iraq Inquiry and is questioned in public for the first time about his decision to take the United Kingdom to war against Iraq. ](/news/2010/01/29/tony-blair-appears-at-the-iraq-inquiry-and-is-questioned-in-public-for-the-first-time-about-his-decision-to-take-the-united-kingdom-to-war-a.md) _Context: Iraq War, Tony Blair_
6. [ Iraq War: British Prime Minister Tony Blair announces that 1,500 British troops will leave Iraq within weeks with another 1,500 by the end of the year. ](/news/2007/02/21/iraq-war-p-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-announces-that-1-500-british-troops-will-leave-iraq-within-weeks-with-another-1-500-by-the-end.md) _Context: Iraq War, Tony Blair_
7. [ General Sir Michael Rose, former United Nations commander in Bosnia, has told the BBC that British Prime Minister Tony Blair should be "impeached" over the war in Iraq. ](/news/2006/01/9/general-sir-michael-rose-former-united-nations-commander-in-bosnia-has-told-the-bbc-that-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-should-be-imp.md) _Context: BBC, Tony Blair_
8. [''The Guardian'' reports that U.S. President Donald Trump has postponed his visit to the United Kingdom, according to a U.K. adviser who said Mr. Trump recently telephoned 10 Downing Street with this information. Both Prime Minister Theresa May's office and the White House deny this report. ](/news/2017/06/11/the-guardian-reports-that-u-s-president-donald-trump-has-postponed-his-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-according-to-a-u-k-adviser-who-sai.md) _Context: The Guardian_
9. [Republican Greg Gianforte bodyslams a reporter from ''The Guardian'' who then reports the situation to police. Gianforte is running against Democrat Rob Quist. ](/news/2017/05/24/republican-greg-gianforte-bodyslams-a-reporter-from-the-guardian-who-then-reports-the-situation-to-police-gianforte-is-running-against.md) _Context: The Guardian_
10. [The Trump White House bars ''The New York Times'', CNN, the ''Los Angeles Times'', the ''New York Daily News'', ''The Hill'',  the ''Daily Mail'',  BBC,  Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as  Breitbart News, One America News Network, and ''The Washington Times''. Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News,  ''The Wall Street Journal'', Bloomberg News, and Fox News. ''Time'' magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to  in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-m.md) _Context: BBC_
