### [2011-02-13](/news/2011/02/13/index.md)

# "The Guardian"'s Moscow Correspondent Luke Harding, who was expelled from Russia, is issued a new entry visa ahead of Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov's visit to London. 




### Source:

1. [RIA Novosti](http://en.rian.ru/russia/20110213/162582570.html)
2. [Reuters](http://af.reuters.com/article/worldNews/idAFTRE71C14220110213)

### Related:

1. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry and Russian Foreign Affairs Minister Sergey Lavrov meet in London, United Kingdom, to discuss the current Crimean crisis. ](/news/2014/03/14/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-and-russian-foreign-affairs-minister-sergey-lavrov-meet-in-london-united-kingdom-to-discuss-th.md) _Context: London, Russian Deputy Foreign Minister, Sergey Lavrov_
2. [Battle of Aleppo: Aleppo offensive (November-December 2016): Russia and the United States will continue talks on Aleppo after talks between the U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov. ](/news/2016/12/9/battle-of-aleppo-aleppo-offensive-november-december-2016-russia-and-the-united-states-will-continue-talks-on-aleppo-after-talks-betwee.md) _Context: Russia, Sergey Lavrov_
3. [Russia-United States relations, Syrian peace process: War in Donbass: U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry leaves for Moscow for talks on Syria and Ukraine with Russian President Vladimir Putin and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on Wednesday. Kerry is also expected to discuss the case of Ukrainian pilot Nadiya Savchenko, who today was sentenced to 22 years in prison in the city of Donetsk. ](/news/2016/03/22/russia-united-states-relations-syrian-peace-process-war-in-donbass-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-leaves-for-moscow-for-talks-on-sy.md) _Context: Russian Deputy Foreign Minister, Sergey Lavrov_
4. [Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War: Sergey Lavrov, the Foreign Minister of Russia, says that Russia's bombing campaign will continue until terrorist organisations like ISIL and Jabhat al-Nusra are defeated; the Syrian opposition's High Negotiations Committee has voiced outrage at an ongoing government offensive backed by Russian air power and called for a halt to air strikes against civilians, among other demands. ](/news/2016/02/3/russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-sergey-lavrov-the-foreign-minister-of-russia-says-that-russia-s-bombing-campaign-wi.md) _Context: Russia, Sergey Lavrov_
5. [Syrian Civil War peace process: U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry says a tentative ceasefire agreement reached with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov is now being presented to the opposing forces. ](/news/2016/02/21/syrian-civil-war-peace-process-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-says-a-tentative-ceasefire-agreement-reached-with-russian-foreign-ministe.md) _Context: Russian Deputy Foreign Minister, Sergey Lavrov_
6. [Syrian Civil War: Russian involvement in the Syrian Civil War: Two shells hit the Russian embassy in Syria's capital Damascus, as hundreds of pro-government supporters rallied outside in support of Russian airstrikes. Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov described the shelling as "a terrorist act." ](/news/2015/10/13/syrian-civil-war-russian-involvement-in-the-syrian-civil-war-two-shells-hit-the-russian-embassy-in-syria-s-capital-damascus-as-hundreds-o.md) _Context: Russia, Sergey Lavrov_
7. [Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov says that Russia now formally recognizes Petro Poroshenko as the legitimate President of Ukraine in the hope that Poroshenko will "live up to Russia's trust." ](/news/2014/08/25/russian-foreign-minister-sergey-lavrov-says-that-russia-now-formally-recognizes-petro-poroshenko-as-the-legitimate-president-of-ukraine-in-t.md) _Context: Russia, Sergey Lavrov_
8. [2014 Crimean crisis:: Sergey Lavrov, the Foreign Minister of Russia, says that Russia has no intention of invading Ukraine. ](/news/2014/03/29/2014-crimean-crisis-sergey-lavrov-the-foreign-minister-of-russia-says-that-russia-has-no-intention-of-invading-ukraine.md) _Context: Russia, Sergey Lavrov_
9. [Russian ministers led by Foreign Affairs Minister Sergey Lavrov including Defense Minister Sergey Shoygu arrive in Cairo and meet with their Egyptian counterparts including the head of Egypt's military General Abdel Fattah el-Sisi in talks over a new era of enhanced military co-operation. ](/news/2013/11/14/russian-ministers-led-by-foreign-affairs-minister-sergey-lavrov-including-defense-minister-sergey-shoygu-arrive-in-cairo-and-meet-with-their.md) _Context: Russia, Sergey Lavrov_
10. [Turkey, South Africa and Russia react angrily to the British government and demand an explanation for the revelations that their politicians and senior officials were spied on and bugged during the 2009 G20 summit in London ](/news/2013/06/17/turkey-south-africa-and-russia-react-angrily-to-the-british-government-and-demand-an-explanation-for-the-revelations-that-their-politicians.md) _Context: London, Russia_
