### [2015-10-23](/news/2015/10/23/index.md)

# Imprimis Pharmaceuticals Inc. announces it will begin selling $1 doses of the antimalarial drug used for HIV patients, pyrimethamine (generic name for Daraprim), whose price was recently raised to $750 per pill by Turing Pharmaceuticals following Martin Shkreli's purchase of its marketing rights this year. Imprimis also plans to start making inexpensive versions of other generic drugs whose prices have skyrocketed. 

A maker of compounded drugs will begin selling $1 doses of Daraprim, whose price recently was jacked up to $750 per pill by Turing Pharmaceuticals.


### Source:

1. [Chicago Tribune](http://www.chicagotribune.com/business/ct-daraprim-imprimis-20151023-story.html)
2. [Toronto Star](http://www.thestar.com/news/canada/2015/10/23/750-daraprim-pill-now-has-a-1-generic-alternative.html)
2. [Cover Image](http://www.trbimg.com/img-562a667c/turbine/ct-daraprim-imprimis-20151023)

### Related:

1. [Martin Shkreli's Turing Pharmaceuticals is reneging on its pledge to cut the $750-per-pill price for Daraprim, a medication that has been marketed for 62 years. Instead, the biotech company is reducing what it charges hospitals, by up to 50 percent, for this parasitic infection treatment. Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, a pharmacy that compounds prescription drugs for individual patients, started selling a custom-made version of Pyrimethamine, the chemical name for Daraprim, for 99 cents per capsule. Impris reports orders are pouring in from doctors. ](/news/2015/11/26/martin-shkreli-s-turing-pharmaceuticals-is-reneging-on-its-pledge-to-cut-the-750-per-pill-price-for-daraprim-a-medication-that-has-been-ma.md) _Context: Martin Shkreli, Pyrimethamine_
2. [Former businessman Martin Shkreli has his bail revoked for threatening former politician Hillary Clinton, after Shkreli posted on Twitter that he would offer $5,000 to anyone who could directly obtain a lock of Clinton's hair. Shkreli was convicted of fraud in August and is awaiting sentencing. ](/news/2017/09/13/former-businessman-martin-shkreli-has-his-bail-revoked-for-threatening-former-politician-hillary-clinton-after-shkreli-posted-on-twitter-th.md) _Context: Martin Shkreli_
3. [Former pharmaceutical company executive Martin Shkreli is convicted of three counts of securities fraud in a federal court in Brooklyn, New York.](/news/2017/08/4/former-pharmaceutical-company-executive-martin-shkreli-is-convicted-of-three-counts-of-securities-fraud-in-a-federal-court-in-brooklyn-new.md) _Context: Martin Shkreli_
4. [A girl born with HIV, who was started on HIV drugs when she was 2 months old and stopped 40 weeks later, is virtually-free of the virus even after no further treatment. ](/news/2017/07/24/a-girl-born-with-hiv-who-was-started-on-hiv-drugs-when-she-was-2-months-old-and-stopped-40-weeks-later-is-virtually-free-of-the-virus-even.md) _Context: HIV_
5. [ A research team led by an evolutionary biologist at the University of Arizona publishes a paper in "Nature" on the genetic history of HIV proving that Gaetan Dugas, the Canadian flight attendant who had been identified for years as "Patient Zero" of the AIDS epidemic in the U.S., did not spread the virus to the country. The study indicates that HIV first spread to the U.S. from the Caribbean around 1970. ](/news/2016/10/26/a-research-team-led-by-an-evolutionary-biologist-at-the-university-of-arizona-publishes-a-paper-in-nature-on-the-genetic-history-of-hiv-p.md) _Context: HIV_
6. [The U.S. Federal Trade Commission files an anti-trust suit against Endo Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and several other drug companies for using pay-for-delay settlements to block consumers' access to lower-cost generic versions of pain medications, Opana ER and Lidoderm. ](/news/2016/03/31/the-u-s-federal-trade-commission-files-an-anti-trust-suit-against-endo-pharmaceuticals-inc-and-several-other-drug-companies-for-using-pa.md) _Context: generic_
7. [Turing Pharmaceuticals says that it is looking for a new CEO in the aftermath of the indictment of its old boss, Martin Shkreli, on securities fraud charges. Turing and Shkreli became infamous together in September 2015, when they hiked the price of an AIDS drug by 5000%. ](/news/2015/12/22/turing-pharmaceuticals-says-that-it-is-looking-for-a-new-ceo-in-the-aftermath-of-the-indictment-of-its-old-boss-martin-shkreli-on-securiti.md) _Context: Martin Shkreli_
8. [United States federal prosecutors in New York City arrest Martin Shkreli on securities fraud charges for allegedly plundering for personal gain Retrophin, a biopharmaceutical company he ran as CEO from 2012 to 2014. ](/news/2015/12/17/united-states-federal-prosecutors-in-new-york-city-arrest-martin-shkreli-on-securities-fraud-charges-for-allegedly-plundering-for-personal-g.md) _Context: Martin Shkreli_
9. [The U.S. Food and Drug Administration approves a new, all-in-one pill to treat HIV patients that includes a new version of the drug tenofovir, which researchers think will help reduce side effects from the multi-drug regimens used for HIV. ](/news/2015/11/6/the-u-s-food-and-drug-administration-approves-a-new-all-in-one-pill-to-treat-hiv-patients-that-includes-a-new-version-of-the-drug-tenofovi.md) _Context: HIV_
10. [American actor Charlie Sheen confirms he has HIV. ](/news/2015/11/17/american-actor-charlie-sheen-confirms-he-has-hiv.md) _Context: HIV_
