### [2015-10-23](/news/2015/10/23/index.md)

# Kuwait and France sealed a deal whereby the Gulf nation will upgrade its defense capabilities with $2.8 billion worth of military equipment. Defense experts cite the ongoing conflict in Iraqi Civil War, the June 2015 terror attack claimed by ISIS in Kuwait City, and a reluctance by the U.S. to supply Kuwait as reasons for the deal. 




### Source:

1. [Vice News](https://news.vice.com/article/kuwait-is-buying-a-bunch-of-weapons-to-protect-itself-from-the-islamic-state)

### Related:

1. [A newly released ISIS video threatens attacks on the White House in the U.S., monuments in France, U.S. President Obama, French President Francois Hollande, and targets in Italy. ](/news/2015/11/20/a-newly-released-isis-video-threatens-attacks-on-the-white-house-in-the-u-s-monuments-in-france-u-s-president-obama-french-president-fr.md) _Context: France, ISIS, United States_
2. [ 2015 Kuwait mosque bombing. At least 27 people are killed and 227 injured after a suicide bombing at the Shia Imam Sadiq mosque in Kuwait City, Kuwait. ISIL claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2015/06/26/2015-kuwait-mosque-bombing-at-least-27-people-are-killed-and-227-injured-after-a-suicide-bombing-at-the-shia-imam-sadiq-mosque-in-kuwait-c.md) _Context: June 2015 terror attack, Kuwait, Kuwait City_
3. [Syrian Civil War. Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/syrian-civil-war-russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-u.md) _Context: France, United States_
4. [Raqqa offensive. U.S.-backed SDF forces on two fronts meet up northeast of Raqqa, encircling a pocket of villages still held by ISIS. ](/news/2017/02/22/raqqa-offensive-u-s-backed-sdf-forces-on-two-fronts-meet-up-northeast-of-raqqa-encircling-a-pocket-of-villages-still-held-by-isis.md) _Context: ISIS, United States_
5. [Syrian peace process. France seeks United States and Russian support for a Security Council resolution to impose a new truce that will allow aid into Aleppo, which has experienced two weeks of heavy Syrian and Russian bombing of rebel-held areas. ](/news/2016/10/5/syrian-peace-process-france-seeks-united-states-and-russian-support-for-a-security-council-resolution-to-impose-a-new-truce-that-will-allow.md) _Context: France, United States_
6. [Syrian Civil War. The United States, United Kingdom, and France seek a meeting of the United Nations Security Council to discuss the declining security situation in Aleppo. ](/news/2016/09/25/syrian-civil-war-the-united-states-united-kingdom-and-france-seek-a-meeting-of-the-united-nations-security-council-to-discuss-the-declini.md) _Context: France, United States_
7. [Gulf Cooperation Council Summit. United States President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/gulf-cooperation-council-summit-united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-unit.md) _Context: Gulf Arab states, United States_
8. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). During a visit to Baghdad, U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter announces that the United States will be sending more troops to the country to help in the fight against ISIL. The U.S. also plans to give Kurdish Peshmerga forces, which are fighting ISIL on the ground, more than $400m (GBP280m; -350m) in assistance. ](/news/2016/04/18/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-during-a-visit-to-baghdad-u-s-defense-secretary-ash-carter-announces-that-the-united-states-will-be-send.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), United States_
9. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). American-led intervention in Iraq (2014-present). The United States Army's elite Delta Force captures their first suspected ISIL operative during a raid in northern Iraq. The detainee is being interrogated by the U.S. and is expected to be turned over to Iraqi officials in the coming days. ](/news/2016/03/1/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-american-led-intervention-in-iraq-2014-present-the-united-states-army-s-elite-delta-force-captures-th.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), United States_
10. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Three Americans abducted last month in Baghdad are freed by the Iraqi National Intelligence Service. ](/news/2016/02/16/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-three-americans-abducted-last-month-in-baghdad-are-freed-by-the-iraqi-national-intelligence-service.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), United States_
