### [2015-10-23](/news/2015/10/23/index.md)

# Libyan Civil War (2014-present): At least nine people are killed and dozens injured in the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi after several mortar shells hit a protest against a UN proposal for a unity government to end the four-year long crisis in the country. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/23/us-libya-security-idUSKCN0SH25O20151023)

### Related:

1. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): The United States launches airstrikes on ISIL positions in the Libyan city of Sirte following a request from the UN-backed Government of National Accord. Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj, in a televised address, says the strikes have caused "heavy ISIL losses". ](/news/2016/08/1/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-united-states-launches-airstrikes-on-isil-positions-in-the-libyan-city-of-sirte-following-a-request-f.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), United Nations_
2. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): At least three French Armed Forces soldiers are killed after their helicopter is shot down near the city of Benghazi, Libya. The soldiers were killed while carrying out "dangerous intelligence operations", according to French President Francois Hollande. ](/news/2016/07/20/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-at-least-three-french-armed-forces-soldiers-are-killed-after-their-helicopter-is-shot-down-near-the-city.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
3. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): The self-declared National Salvation government, one of the rival governments of Libya, resigns and gives up power to the UN-backed Libyan Presidential Council in Tripoli. ](/news/2016/04/6/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-self-declared-national-salvation-government-one-of-the-rival-governments-of-libya-resigns-and-gives.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), United Nations_
4. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): Senior Libyan military officials say French special forces are on the ground in Benghazi helping Libyan National Army troops fight ISIL militants. They said that the French forces, along with American and British teams, are setting up an operations room inside Benina International Airport in Benina. The French defense ministry declined to comment, citing a policy not to comment on special forces' activities. ](/news/2016/02/24/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-senior-libyan-military-officials-say-french-special-forces-are-on-the-ground-in-benghazi-helping-libyan-n.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
5. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): A major power station in the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi is shelled by militants. ](/news/2016/01/9/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-a-major-power-station-in-the-eastern-libyan-city-of-benghazi-is-shelled-by-militants.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
6. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): Martin Kobler, United Nations envoy to Libya, announces the country's two rival parliaments agreement to set a target date of Dec. 16 to sign a U.N.-sponsored agreement on forming a national unity government. ](/news/2015/12/11/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-martin-kobler-united-nations-envoy-to-libya-announces-the-country-s-two-rival-parliaments-agreement-to.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), United Nations_
7. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): The United Nations envoy for Libya, Bernardino Leon, proposes a government of national unity for Libya led by Fayez Sarraj as Prime Minister. ](/news/2015/10/9/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-united-nations-envoy-for-libya-bernardino-lea3n-proposes-a-government-of-national-unity-for-libya-l.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), United Nations_
8. [2011 Libyan civil war:: The Libyan opposition stronghold of Benghazi is bombed by pro-Gaddafi forces despite the declaration of a no-fly zone by the United Nations. ](/news/2011/03/19/2011-libyan-civil-war-the-libyan-opposition-stronghold-of-benghazi-is-bombed-by-pro-gaddafi-forces-despite-the-declaration-of-a-no-fly-zon.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libya, United Nations_
9. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): The death toll from an attack on a Libyan National Army-controlled airbase in southern Libya reportedly rises to 140 people. ](/news/2017/05/20/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-death-toll-from-an-attack-on-a-libyan-national-army-controlled-airbase-in-southern-libya-reportedly-r.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
10. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): The Benghazi Defense Brigades, an ally of the Shura Council of Benghazi Revolutionaries, claims to have captured five cities and two oil-production areas from forces loyal to Khalifa Haftar in the east of Libya. ](/news/2017/03/4/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-benghazi-defense-brigades-an-ally-of-the-shura-council-of-benghazi-revolutionaries-claims-to-have-c.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
