### [2015-10-23](/news/2015/10/23/index.md)

# Lockheed Martin embarks on corporate overhead cost cutting reviews, another initiative following business selloffs and personnel layoffs. In the face of U.S. budget constraints, Lockheed's actions are in step with those of other major U.S. defense contractors. 

In recent times, defense contractors are resorting to reducing headcount to cut overhead costs owing to the weak defense budget environment in the U.S.


### Source:

1. [Zacks](http://www.zacks.com/stock/news/194641/lockheed-martin-to-cut-overhead-costs-amid-tepid-budget)
1. [Cover Image](https://staticx-tuner.zacks.com/images/articles/main/bigstock-stock-numbers.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. Air Force awards Raytheon and Lockheed contracts to work on the new Long Range Standoff weapon, the replacement for the AGM-86B air-launched nuclear cruise missile. ](/news/2017/08/23/the-u-s-air-force-awards-raytheon-and-lockheed-contracts-to-work-on-the-new-long-range-standoff-weapon-the-replacement-for-the-agm-86b-air.md) _Context: Lockheed_
2. [The Congressional Budget Office estimates that in ten years the federal budget of U.S. President Donald Trump will produce a $720 billion deficit rather than a $16 billion surplus as claimed by the Trump administration. ](/news/2017/07/13/the-congressional-budget-office-estimates-that-in-ten-years-the-federal-budget-of-u-s-president-donald-trump-will-produce-a-720-billion-de.md) _Context: United States federal budget_
3. [President Donald Trump's proposed budget for fiscal year 2018, titled "America First: A Budget Blueprint to Make America Great Again," has a $2 trillion accounting error over 10 years because it uses the same money twice for two different purposes. ](/news/2017/05/24/president-donald-trump-s-proposed-budget-for-fiscal-year-2018-titled-america-first-a-budget-blueprint-to-make-america-great-again-has-a.md) _Context: United States federal budget_
4. [The White House releases a proposed budget that includes an increase in spending for the military but a decrease in healthcare and welfare. ](/news/2017/05/23/the-white-house-releases-a-proposed-budget-that-includes-an-increase-in-spending-for-the-military-but-a-decrease-in-healthcare-and-welfare.md) _Context: United States federal budget_
5. [U.S. Congressional negotiators reach a bipartisan agreement on the FY 2017 federal government budget that, once approved by both Houses, will fund the entire fiscal year through September 30. The current spending authorization expires Friday, May 5. ](/news/2017/04/30/u-s-congressional-negotiators-reach-a-bipartisan-agreement-on-the-fy-2017-federal-government-budget-that-once-approved-by-both-houses-wil.md) _Context: United States federal budget_
6. [Lockheed Martin vice president of air and missile defense Mike Trotsky tells the National Press Club in Washington, D.C., that the United States and South Korea are holding both formal and informal discussions on THAAD (Terminal High Altitude Area Defense System) deployment. South Korea's Defense Ministry and the U.S. Department of Defense deny the report. ](/news/2015/10/29/lockheed-martin-vice-president-of-air-and-missile-defense-mike-trotsky-tells-the-national-press-club-in-washington-d-c-that-the-united-st.md) _Context: Lockheed_
7. [Northrop Grumman, the developer of the Air Force's current bomber, the B-2, beats out the Boeing-Lockheed Martin team and is awarded the Pentagon contract to build a fleet of stealthy planes known as the Long Range Strike Bomber (LRS-B). ](/news/2015/10/27/northrop-grumman-the-developer-of-the-air-force-s-current-bomber-the-b-2-beats-out-the-boeing-lockheed-martin-team-and-is-awarded-the-pen.md) _Context: Lockheed_
8. [The United States is reportedly blocking a $400 million plan by South Korea to sell KAI T-50 Golden Eagle trainer jets, co-developed in 2006 with Lockheed Martin, to Uzbekistan, according to "The Korea Times". The aircraft uses Lockheed Martin technologies -- including avionics -- and as such requires permission under the U.S. Arms Export Control Act for its sale to other countries. ](/news/2015/10/26/the-united-states-is-reportedly-blocking-a-400-million-plan-by-south-korea-to-sell-kai-t-50-golden-eagle-trainer-jets-co-developed-in-2006.md) _Context: Lockheed_
9. [U.S. President Barack Obama vetoes the $612 billion annual defense authorization bill because of the way it would sidestep budget limitations for the military and because it would restrict the transfer of detainees being held at Guantanamo Bay. This is the President's fifth veto since 2009. ](/news/2015/10/22/u-s-president-barack-obama-vetoes-the-612-billion-annual-defense-authorization-bill-because-of-the-way-it-would-sidestep-budget-limitation.md) _Context: United States federal budget_
10. [Lockheed Martin agrees to buy United Technologies Corp's Sikorsky Aircraft for $9 billion. ](/news/2015/07/20/lockheed-martin-agrees-to-buy-united-technologies-corp-s-sikorsky-aircraft-for-9-billion.md) _Context: Lockheed_
