### [2015-10-23](/news/2015/10/23/index.md)

# The U.S. Department of Justice decides not to prosecute Lois Lerner or others in connection with the 2013 IRS targeting controversy. 

Lerner is the former IRS official who was at the center of a controversy over the processing of applications for tax-exempt status


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/187782bf29db4d8e899e160bb653d224/justice-dept-no-criminal-charges-ex-irs-official)
2. [CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/doj-will-not-bring-charges-against-irss-lois-lerner/)
3. [FOX News](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2015/10/23/justice-department-no-criminal-charges-for-ex-irs-official-lerner/)
4. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/2015/10/23/us-usa-justice-irs-idUKKCN0SH2E320151023)
5. [The Wall Street Journal](http://www.wsj.com/articles/u-s-wont-prosecute-former-irs-official-lois-lerner-1445627727)

### Related:

1. [U.S. immigration suspension, ''State of Washington v. Trump''Trump's travel ban remains suspended as the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denies the Justice Department's request to stay the ruling which blocks major portions of the executive order. ](/news/2017/02/5/u-s-immigration-suspension-state-of-washington-v-trump-ptrump-s-travel-ban-remains-suspended-as-the-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-nint.md) _Context: U.S. Justice Department_
2. [The U.S. Justice Department tells the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals that it won't be seeking further action by the court since this executive order will soon be replaced by a different one.  Justice added they expect the Ninth Circuit ruling will be vacated once the new executive order is issued. ](/news/2017/02/16/the-u-s-justice-department-tells-the-ninth-circuit-court-of-appeals-that-it-won-t-be-seeking-further-action-by-the-court-since-this-executi.md) _Context: U.S. Justice Department_
3. [  The U.S. Justice Department (DOJ) issues final approval for Alaska Airlines to acquire Virgin America, in a US$2.6 billion dollar merger. In exchange for approval, the DOJ requires Alaska Airlines to reduce its partnership with American Airlines. ](/news/2016/12/6/the-u-s-justice-department-doj-issues-final-approval-for-alaska-airlines-to-acquire-virgin-america-in-a-us-2-6-billion-dollar-merger.md) _Context: U.S. Justice Department_
4. [The United States Department of Justice charges a top secret security clearance National Security Agency contractor, Harold Thomas Martin III, with theft of government property and unauthorised removal of "highly classified" materials. ](/news/2016/10/5/the-united-states-department-of-justice-charges-a-top-secret-security-clearance-national-security-agency-contractor-harold-thomas-martin-ii.md) _Context: U.S. Justice Department_
5. [The Obama administration through the United States Department of Justice lowers the fine against Germany's Deutsche Bank to a settlement of US$5.4 billion after being handed a demand for up to $14 billion earlier this month over the sale of toxic mortgage bonds. ](/news/2016/09/30/the-obama-administration-through-the-united-states-department-of-justice-lowers-the-fine-against-germany-s-deutsche-bank-to-a-settlement-of.md) _Context: U.S. Justice Department_
6. [The Obama administration through the United States Department of Justice sends a subpoena to natural gas giant Chesapeake Energy regarding the accounting methods for its oil and gas properties. ](/news/2016/09/29/the-obama-administration-through-the-united-states-department-of-justice-sends-a-subpoena-to-natural-gas-giant-chesapeake-energy-regarding-t.md) _Context: U.S. Justice Department_
7. [The Obama administration through the U.S. Justice Department seeks a fine of $14 billion against Deutsche Bank in regards to mortgage securities. ](/news/2016/09/15/the-obama-administration-through-the-u-s-justice-department-seeks-a-fine-of-14-billion-against-deutsche-bank-in-regards-to-mortgage-securi.md) _Context: U.S. Justice Department_
8. [A United States Court of Appeals rules that the Department of Justice, per the Rohrabacher-Farr amendment,  cannot spend money to prosecute federal marijuana cases if the defendants comply with state medical marijuana laws.  ](/news/2016/08/16/a-united-states-court-of-appeals-rules-that-the-department-of-justice-per-the-rohrabacher-farr-amendment-cannot-spend-money-to-prosecute.md) _Context: U.S. Justice Department_
9. [Minnesota Governor Mark Dayton requests a Justice Department investigation of last night's fatal police shooting of Philando Castile (an African-American) during a traffic stop. Castile's girlfriend, Lavish Reynolds, streamed the incident live over Facebook. It showed Castile had been shot several times and was slumped against Reynolds; he died in Minneapolis's Hennepin County Medical Center. ](/news/2016/07/7/minnesota-governor-mark-dayton-requests-a-justice-department-investigation-of-last-night-s-fatal-police-shooting-of-philando-castile-an-afr.md) _Context: U.S. Justice Department_
10. [The U.S. Justice Department announces pharmaceutical companies Genentech Inc. and  OSI Pharmaceuticals Inc. will pay $67 million to settle False Claims Act allegations for misleading statements about the effectiveness of the drug Tarceva in treating non-small-cell lung carcinoma. ](/news/2016/06/7/the-u-s-justice-department-announces-pharmaceutical-companies-genentech-inc-and-osi-pharmaceuticals-inc-will-pay-67-million-to-settle-f.md) _Context: U.S. Justice Department_
