### [2010-01-29](/news/2010/01/29/index.md)

# Haiti acknowledges the immediate international assistance it received from Cuba, the Dominican Republic and Venezuela following the recent earthquake and confirms the death toll has reached 150,000. 




### Source:

1. [Granma](http://www.granma.cu/ingles/2010/enero/vier29/Cuba-was-the-first-country.html)

### Related:

1. [Five deaths occurred in Haiti as Tropical Storm Erika dumped heavy rains there, on the Dominican Republic, and on Puerto Rico. The storm weakened to a Tropical Depression before it hit Cuba (max winds 56 kph (35 mph), heading to the southeastern Gulf of Mexico. ](/news/2015/08/29/five-deaths-occurred-in-haiti-as-tropical-storm-erika-dumped-heavy-rains-there-on-the-dominican-republic-and-on-puerto-rico-the-storm-wea.md) _Context: Cuba, Dominican Republic, Haiti_
2. [Tropical Storm Isaac causes floodings and kills at least three people in Haiti, a nation still recovering from the 2010 earthquake. The storm moves Northwest over east Cuba. ](/news/2012/08/25/tropical-storm-isaac-causes-floodings-and-kills-at-least-three-people-in-haiti-a-nation-still-recovering-from-the-2010-earthquake-the-stor.md) _Context: 2010 Haiti earthquake, Cuba, Haiti_
3. [Hurricane Matthew kills at least 26 people on the island of Hispaniola; 22 in Haiti and four more in the Dominican Republic. The U.S. National Hurricane Center predicts the storm, currently a Category 3 with  maximum sustained winds of  115 mph (185 km/h), will strengthen as it moves across the Bahamas tonight and tomorrow, and be near the east coast of Florida by tomorrow evening. ](/news/2016/10/5/hurricane-matthew-kills-at-least-26-people-on-the-island-of-hispaniola-22-in-haiti-and-four-more-in-the-dominican-republic-the-u-s-nation.md) _Context: Dominican Republic, Haiti_
4. [Weather forecasters track Hurricane Matthew as it makes landfall in Haiti and issue hurricane warnings for Cuba and the Bahamas. ](/news/2016/10/4/weather-forecasters-track-hurricane-matthew-as-it-makes-landfall-in-haiti-and-issue-hurricane-warnings-for-cuba-and-the-bahamas.md) _Context: Cuba, Haiti_
5. [Heavy rains from Hurricane Matthew's outer bands drench Haiti and Jamaica, killing a Haitian fisherman. The Category 4 storm, with 140 mph ((220 km/h) maximum sustained winds), is heading towards western Haiti, eastern Cuba, and the southeastern and central Bahamas. ](/news/2016/10/3/heavy-rains-from-hurricane-matthew-s-outer-bands-drench-haiti-and-jamaica-killing-a-haitian-fisherman-the-category-4-storm-with-140-mph.md) _Context: Cuba, Haiti_
6. [Hurricane Matthew becomes a category-5 hurricane with maximum sustained winds up to 160 mph, the strongest hurricane to form over the Caribbean Sea since Hurricane Felix in 2007. It is expected to impact parts of Haiti, Jamaica and eastern Cuba. ](/news/2016/09/30/hurricane-matthew-becomes-a-category-5-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-up-to-160-mph-the-strongest-hurricane-to-form-over-the-caribb.md) _Context: Cuba, Haiti_
7. [Around ten heads of state attend the 17th Non-aligned Movement summit in Isla Margarita, Venezuela, including Evo Morales of Bolivia, Raul Castro of Cuba, Rafael Correa of Ecuador, Hassan Rouhani of Iran, Mahmoud Abbas of the State of Palestine, Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe, and Venezuela's president Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/09/17/around-ten-heads-of-state-attend-the-17th-non-aligned-movement-summit-in-isla-margarita-venezuela-including-evo-morales-of-bolivia-raaol.md) _Context: Cuba, Venezuela_
8. [Health officials are concerned about the spread of the Zika virus in Haiti, which suffered the worst epidemic of cholera in recent history following the deadly 2010 Haiti earthquake.  The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports there are 2,214 suspected cases as of April 23. But new research indicates the virus has been present since 2014. The actual infection rate remains unknown since the poor, densely populated nation lacks routine data systems that can track and document disease outbreaks. ](/news/2016/05/23/health-officials-are-concerned-about-the-spread-of-the-zika-virus-in-haiti-which-suffered-the-worst-epidemic-of-cholera-in-recent-history-f.md) _Context: 2010 Haiti earthquake, Haiti_
9. [  Cuban officials announce they have detected the first case of the Zika virus transmitted inside the country: a 21-year-old Havana woman who had not traveled abroad. Cuba has reported a handful of travel-associated Zika cases, all believed imported from Venezuela. ](/news/2016/03/16/cuban-officials-announce-they-have-detected-the-first-case-of-the-zika-virus-transmitted-inside-the-country-a-21-year-old-havana-woman-wh.md) _Context: Cuba, Venezuela_
10. [Police in the Dominican Republic raid a mansion owned by 30-year-old Francisco Flores de Freites, one of the two nephews of Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro facing charges for allegedly trying to traffic 800 kg of cocaine into the U.S., and found more than 280 pounds of cocaine and 22 pounds of heroin hidden inside the nephew's posh Casa de Campo property and a 135-foot yacht named "The Kingdom" docked behind it. ](/news/2015/11/13/police-in-the-dominican-republic-raid-a-mansion-owned-by-30-year-old-francisco-flores-de-freites-one-of-the-two-nephews-of-venezuelan-presi.md) _Context: Dominican Republic, Venezuela_
