### [2016-10-21](/news/2016/10/21/index.md)

# A Mil Mi-8 helicopter crashes and leaves at least 19 dead and three others injured on the Yamal Peninsula in Russia's Extreme North. 




### Source:

1. [Radio Free Europe](http://www.rferl.org/a/at-least-19-dead-helicopter-crash-russia-yamal-peninsula/28068597.html)

### Related:

1. [A Russian Mil Mi-8 military helicopter carrying humanitarian aid onboard is shot down by rebels in northern Syria. All five members of the crew die in the crash. ](/news/2016/08/1/a-russian-mil-mi-8-military-helicopter-carrying-humanitarian-aid-onboard-is-shot-down-by-rebels-in-northern-syria-all-five-members-of-the-c.md) _Context: Mil Mi-8, Russia_
2. [Russia reinforces the joint Armenian-Russian run Erebuni Airport, home to the Russian 3624th Air Base, with six attack and transport helicopters. The Russian Defence Ministry said the Mi-24 and Mi-8 helicopters had been transferred from a military base in the southern Russian region of Krasnodar Krai to the air base in Erebuni, Armenia. ](/news/2015/12/21/russia-reinforces-the-joint-armenian-russian-run-erebuni-airport-home-to-the-russian-3624th-air-base-with-six-attack-and-transport-helicop.md) _Context: Mil Mi-8, Russia_
3. [At least 15 people are killed after a Russian Mi-8 transport helicopter carrying oil workers crashes in eastern Siberia near the Yenisei River. ](/news/2015/11/26/at-least-15-people-are-killed-after-a-russian-mi-8-transport-helicopter-carrying-oil-workers-crashes-in-eastern-siberia-near-the-yenisei-riv.md) _Context: Mil Mi-8, Russia_
4. [United Nations Flight 544 shootdown:A Russian Mi-8 helicopter working for the United Nations Mission in South Sudan (UNMISS) is shot down and crashes near Likuangole in the South Sudanese state of Jonglei. ](/news/2012/12/21/united-nations-flight-544-shootdown-pa-russian-mi-8-helicopter-working-for-the-united-nations-mission-in-south-sudan-unmiss-is-shot-down-a.md) _Context: Mil Mi-8, Russia_
5. [Seven are killed and three injured in the rough landing of a Mi-8 helicopter in the Omsk region of Siberia, Russia. ](/news/2010/11/25/seven-are-killed-and-three-injured-in-the-rough-landing-of-a-mi-8-helicopter-in-the-omsk-region-of-siberia-russia.md) _Context: Mil Mi-8, Russia_
6. [ A Russian Mi-8 military transport helicopter is shot down during the fighting near Shatoy, Chechnya by Chechen rebels, resulting in the death of at least 20 Russian soldiers. ](/news/2007/04/27/a-russian-mi-8-military-transport-helicopter-is-shot-down-during-the-fighting-near-shatoy-chechnya-by-chechen-rebels-resulting-in-the-dea.md) _Context: Mil Mi-8, Russia_
7. [Russian authorities discover and deactivate an explosive device in a Saint Petersburg flat, during ongoing raids occurring in response to the bombing. ](/news/2017/04/6/russian-authorities-discover-and-deactivate-an-explosive-device-in-a-saint-petersburg-flat-during-ongoing-raids-occurring-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Russia_
8. [Russian authorities arrest more than 100 gay men in Chechnya, including television personalities and religious figures, for "nontraditional sexual orientation." The ''Novaya Gazeta'' newspaper  reported that three of the arrested men have been killed, while others reportedly were released for family honor killing. Chechen Republic leader Ramzan Kadyrov's spokesperson said this report contains "absolute lies and disinformation" since there are no homosexuals in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/04/3/russian-authorities-arrest-more-than-100-gay-men-in-chechnya-including-television-personalities-and-religious-figures-for-nontraditional.md) _Context: Russia_
9. [Two people are killed in an attack in a Federal Security Service office in the Russian city of Khabarovsk. The gunman is also killed. The US-Israeli SITE Intelligence Group says Amaq News Agency claims the attack for Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. The Russian Federal Security Service says the native 18-year-old perpetrator was a known member of a neo-nazi group. ](/news/2017/04/21/two-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-in-a-federal-security-service-office-in-the-russian-city-of-khabarovsk-the-gunman-is-also-killed-the-us.md) _Context: Russia_
10. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Russia had failed to protect students and teachers during the 2004 Beslan school siege, which left 334 people dead, and orders the Russian Government to pay 2,955,000 euros to 409 relatives of the victims. The ruling was quickly denounced by Russia as "unacceptable". ](/news/2017/04/13/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-russia-had-failed-to-protect-students-and-teachers-during-the-2004-beslan-school-siege-which.md) _Context: Russia_
