### [2016-10-21](/news/2016/10/21/index.md)

# ISIL militants launch attacks on government buildings, police stations, and a power station in the city of Kirkuk, Iraqi Kurdistan, killing dozens of people. 

Islamic State militants counter-attack in northern Iraq, killing at least 19 people in Kirkuk, as government forces advance on their stronghold, Mosul.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-37725108)

### Related:

1. [Islamic State militants attack two gas facilities northwest of Kirkuk in northern Iraq, killing at least five people and wounding six policemen. Three assailants detonated their explosive vests and a fourth was killed in clash with security forces. ](/news/2016/07/31/islamic-state-militants-attack-two-gas-facilities-northwest-of-kirkuk-in-northern-iraq-killing-at-least-five-people-and-wounding-six-police.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014–present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Kirkuk_
2. [Iraqi police claim ISIL militants fired chemical weapons, suspected to be mustard gas or chlorine, in the May 8 attacks on Bashir near Kirkuk, Iraq. ](/news/2016/05/18/iraqi-police-claim-isil-militants-fired-chemical-weapons-suspected-to-be-mustard-gas-or-chlorine-in-the-may-8-attacks-on-bashir-near-kirku.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014–present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Kirkuk_
3. [During a visit to Baghdad, U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter announces  that the United States will be sending more troops to the country to help in the fight against ISIL. The U.S. also plans to give Kurdish Peshmerga forces, which are fighting ISIL on the ground, more than $400m (PS280m; EUR350m) in assistance. ](/news/2016/04/18/during-a-visit-to-baghdad-u-s-defense-secretary-ash-carter-announces-that-the-united-states-will-be-sending-more-troops-to-the-country-to.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014–present), Iraqi Kurdistan, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
4. [Turkey refuses to withdraw its forces from northern Iraq despite being given a 48 hour ultimatum by Iraq to leave the country. Turkey says the troops are there as part of an international mission to train and equip Iraqi forces to fight against the Islamic State. The Iraqi government says it never invited such a force, and will take its case to the United Nations if they are not pulled out. ](/news/2015/12/7/turkey-refuses-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-northern-iraq-despite-being-given-a-48-hour-ultimatum-by-iraq-to-leave-the-country-turkey-says-t.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014–present), Iraqi Kurdistan, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [Kurdish Peshmerga forces backed by U.S. airstrikes seize control of Sinjar in northern Iraq. Sinjar has been under Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant occupation since August 2014. ](/news/2015/11/13/kurdish-peshmerga-forces-backed-by-u-s-airstrikes-seize-control-of-sinjar-in-northern-iraq-sinjar-has-been-under-islamic-state-of-iraq-and.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014–present), Iraqi Kurdistan, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [According to security sources, dozens of people are killed in an overnight attack in Tikrit by suspected ISIL militants. 31 bodies were taken to a hospital, according to a local doctor, while more continued to be found by morning. ](/news/2017/04/5/according-to-security-sources-dozens-of-people-are-killed-in-an-overnight-attack-in-tikrit-by-suspected-isil-militants-31-bodies-were-take.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014–present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [A car bomb explodes in a Shi'ite neighbourhood in Baghdad, killing at least 48 people. ISIL claimed responsibility for the bombing. ](/news/2017/02/16/a-car-bomb-explodes-in-a-shi-ite-neighbourhood-in-baghdad-killing-at-least-48-people-isil-claimed-responsibility-for-the-bombing.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014–present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [The Iraqi Army announces the liberation of the eastern part of Mosul following the collapse of ISIL defenses. ](/news/2017/01/18/the-iraqi-army-announces-the-liberation-of-the-eastern-part-of-mosul-following-the-collapse-of-isil-defenses.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014–present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [At least 80 Shia pilgrims are killed in a truck bomb attack in Iraq. Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/11/24/at-least-80-shia-pilgrims-are-killed-in-a-truck-bomb-attack-in-iraq-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014–present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [   The UN reports 232 civilians have been murdered in and near Mosul by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2016/10/28/the-un-reports-232-civilians-have-been-murdered-in-and-near-mosul-by-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014–present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
