### [2017-06-8](/news/2017/06/8/index.md)

# 2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis: The Saudi Arabia-led bloc against Qatar issues a "terror list" against the peninsula. 

Joint statement lists 59 individuals, including 18 Qataris, and 12 organisations on &#39;terror list&#39;.


### Source:

1. [al-Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/06/saudi-led-bloc-issues-terror-list-170608221049889.html)

### Related:

1. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis: Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognize.md) _Context: 2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis, Qatar, Saudi Arabia_
2. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis: The Bahrain News Agency publishes an official list of the demands from Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt towards Qatar. Turkey says the demands on Qatar are unlawful. ](/news/2017/06/25/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-the-bahrain-news-agency-publishes-an-official-list-of-the-demands-from-saudi-arabia-bahrain-the-united-arab.md) _Context: 2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis, Qatar, Saudi Arabia_
3. [2017 Qatar crisis: Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/2017-qatar-crisis-qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt.md) _Context: Qatar, Saudi Arabia_
4. [Syrian Civil War: Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-civil-war-syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-o.md) _Context: Qatar, Saudi Arabia_
5. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis: The Philippines partially lifts a temporary suspension of deployment of overseas workers to Qatar. ](/news/2017/06/7/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-the-philippines-partially-lifts-a-temporary-suspension-of-deployment-of-overseas-workers-to-qatar.md) _Context: 2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis, Qatar_
6. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis: The Philippines temporarily suspends sending workers to Qatar. ](/news/2017/06/6/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-the-philippines-temporarily-suspends-sending-workers-to-qatar.md) _Context: 2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis, Qatar_
7. [Qatar-United States relations: Dana Shell Smith announces she is resigning as United States Ambassador to Qatar amid regional tensions over Qatar's alleged support for terrorist groups. ](/news/2017/06/13/qatar-united-states-relations-dana-shell-smith-announces-she-is-resigning-as-united-states-ambassador-to-qatar-amid-regional-tensions-ove.md) _Context: 2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis, Qatar_
8. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis: Iran sends five 90-tonne air cargo payloads of perishable food to Qatar. More shipments by air and sea are underway. ](/news/2017/06/11/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-iran-sends-five-90-tonne-air-cargo-payloads-of-perishable-food-to-qatar-more-shipments-by-air-and-sea-are-und.md) _Context: 2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis, Qatar_
9. [The meeting in Doha, Qatar, of the world's top oil producers, from both OPEC and non-OPEC countries, fails to agree on an output freeze. Oil analysts say the failure was due to Iran's non-participation, and Saudi Arabia linking its cooperation to Iran's inclusion. Oil prices drop in early Asian trading and on the New York Mercantile Exchange. ](/news/2016/04/18/the-meeting-in-doha-qatar-of-the-world-s-top-oil-producers-from-both-opec-and-non-opec-countries-fails-to-agree-on-an-output-freeze-oil.md) _Context: Qatar, Saudi Arabia_
10. [The Gulf Cooperation Council formally designates Lebanon's Hezbollah militia a terrorist organization. The GCC member states are Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates. ](/news/2016/03/2/the-gulf-cooperation-council-formally-designates-lebanon-s-hezbollah-militia-a-terrorist-organization-the-gcc-member-states-are-bahrain-ku.md) _Context: Qatar, Saudi Arabia_
