### [2017-06-8](/news/2017/06/8/index.md)

# North Korea test fires several missiles, believed to be anti-ship weapons. The test comes immediately after South Korea suspends further deployment of the THAAD anti-missile system. 




### Source:

1. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/07/world/asia/south-korea-thaad-missile-defense-us.html)

### Related:

1. [Amid growing concern about North Korea's ballistic missile capability, South Korea, Japan and the U.S. are to hold their first ever joint anti-missile exercise next month, according to South Korea's Ministry of National Defense. The three countries will practice "detecting and tracing a hypothetical North Korean missile," said a ministry official. ](/news/2016/05/17/amid-growing-concern-about-north-korea-s-ballistic-missile-capability-south-korea-japan-and-the-u-s-are-to-hold-their-first-ever-joint-an.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea, anti-missile_
2. [North Korea launches a Short-Range Ballistic missile near Wonsan towards the Sea of Japan, according to South Korea. The missile reportedly lands in Japan's exclusive economic zone (EEZ) after traveling 450 km. ](/news/2017/05/29/north-korea-launches-a-short-range-ballistic-missile-near-wansan-towards-the-sea-of-japan-according-to-south-korea-the-missile-reportedly.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea_
3. [South Korea reports North Korea fired a Pukguksong-2 intermediate-range ballistic missile that flew 500 km before landing in the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2017/05/21/south-korea-reports-north-korea-fired-a-pukguksong-2-intermediate-range-ballistic-missile-that-flew-500-km-before-landing-in-the-sea-of-japa.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea_
4. [U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435|mi|km reaching an altitude of more than 1245|mi|km before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60|mi|km south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launched-a-test-missile-from-the-west-coast-city-of-kusong-the-projectile-travelle.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea_
5. [North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-eastern-waters-in-the-direction-of-japan-accordi.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea_
6. [South Korea claims that North Korea has fired several missiles from the Sohae Satellite Launching Station into the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2017/03/6/south-korea-claims-that-north-korea-has-fired-several-missiles-from-the-sohae-satellite-launching-station-into-the-sea-of-japan.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea_
7. [According to South Korean and United States officials, a missile test in North Korea ends in failure, with the missile exploding seconds after launch. ](/news/2017/03/22/according-to-south-korean-and-united-states-officials-a-missile-test-in-north-korea-ends-in-failure-with-the-missile-exploding-seconds-aft.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea_
8. [South Korea claims that North Korea has fired a ballistic missile from a submarine. ](/news/2016/07/9/south-korea-claims-that-north-korea-has-fired-a-ballistic-missile-from-a-submarine.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea_
9. [American and South Korean military officials agree to deploy a U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) missile defense system in the country to counter North Korea's growing threats and use of ballistic missile and nuclear tests. ](/news/2016/07/8/american-and-south-korean-military-officials-agree-to-deploy-a-u-s-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-thaad-missile-defense-system-in-th.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea_
10. [The South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff and the United States Strategic Command report North Korea fires three ballistic missiles into the Sea of Japan. The short-range ballistic missiles flew about 500 to 600 kilometers (310 to 375 miles) before crashing in the sea, sufficient to target the southern part of South Korea where the U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system is set to be installed. ](/news/2016/07/19/the-south-korean-joint-chiefs-of-staff-and-the-united-states-strategic-command-report-north-korea-fires-three-ballistic-missiles-into-the-se.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea_
