### [2017-06-8](/news/2017/06/8/index.md)

# The state of Hawaii becomes the first state to enact a law, to document sea level rise and set strategies to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, that aligns the state's goals with the Paris climate accord. Governor David Ige  says the islands are seeing the impacts of climate change first-hand. 

Hawaii has passed a law to document sea level rise and set strategies to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. 


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/hawaii-becomes-first-state-enact-law-align-goals-paris-climate-n769791)

### Related:

1. [Hawaii Governor David Ige declares a state of emergency as Tropical Storm Darby is on track to reach the U.S. state's Big Island today with maximum sustained winds approaching 50 mph (80 kph). The storm, which previously was a Category 3 hurricane, could produce up to 15 inches (40 cm) of rain. ](/news/2016/07/23/hawaii-governor-david-ige-declares-a-state-of-emergency-as-tropical-storm-darby-is-on-track-to-reach-the-u-s-state-s-big-island-today-with.md) _Context: David Ige, Governor_
2. [Hawaii Governor David Ige declares a state of emergency to address homelessness as the state has seen an alarming increase in unsheltered individuals and families over the past two years, particularly on O'ahu. Hawaii has the  highest per capita rate of homelessness among the 50 states at about 465 people per 100,000 citizens. This act "frees up" money for this problem. ](/news/2015/10/16/hawaii-governor-david-ige-declares-a-state-of-emergency-to-address-homelessness-as-the-state-has-seen-an-alarming-increase-in-unsheltered-in.md) _Context: David Ige, Governor_
3. [Hawaii Governor David Ige signs an emergency proclamation in anticipation of the arrival of Hurricane Ignacio on Monday. Ignacio is expected to strengthen to Category 2 this weekend. The state is still recovering from precipitation from Tropical Storm Kilo which skirted the islands earlier this week. In addition, Hurricane Jimena, which is expected to intensify to near category 5 strength on Saturday, is trailing Ignacio and also heading toward Hawaii. ](/news/2015/08/28/hawaii-governor-david-ige-signs-an-emergency-proclamation-in-anticipation-of-the-arrival-of-hurricane-ignacio-on-monday-ignacio-is-expected.md) _Context: David Ige, Governor_
4. [Primary elections in Hawaii:Incumbent Governor Neil Abercrombie loses to challenger David Ige, becoming the first sitting Governor to be defeated in a primary election. Ige, a Democrat, will face Republican Duke Aiona and independent Mufi Hannemann in the gubernatorial general election. ](/news/2014/08/9/primary-elections-in-hawaii-pincumbent-governor-neil-abercrombie-loses-to-challenger-david-ige-becoming-the-first-sitting-governor-to-be-de.md) _Context: David Ige, Governor_
5. [Hawaii's Democratic Governor Neil Abercrombie appoints Lieutenant Governor Brian Schatz (a former state legislator and nonprofit group executive) to fill the term of the recently-deceased longtime Democratic U.S. Senator Daniel Inouye until 2014, when a special election will be called to fill the slot until 2016. His was one of three names known to have been submitted by the state party's central committee, along with an unnamed person and U.S. Democrat Colleen Hanabusa, whom Inouye had stated as his preferred successor hours before his death. ](/news/2012/12/26/hawaii-s-democratic-governor-neil-abercrombie-appoints-lieutenant-governor-brian-schatz-a-former-state-legislator-and-nonprofit-group-execu.md) _Context: Governor, Hawaii_
6. [Republican Governor of the U.S. state of Hawaii Linda Lingle vetoes a bill allowing same-sex civil unions. ](/news/2010/07/6/republican-governor-of-the-u-s-state-of-hawaii-linda-lingle-vetoes-a-bill-allowing-same-sex-civil-unions.md) _Context: Governor, Hawaii_
7. [A request by the state of Hawaii to issue an order blocking President Donald Trump's Executive Order 13780 is rejected in the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. ](/news/2017/07/7/a-request-by-the-state-of-hawaii-to-issue-an-order-blocking-president-donald-trump-s-executive-order-13780-is-rejected-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: Hawaii_
8. [At least three people are killed and two hospitalized, one in serious condition, from a fire in a  condominium tower in the American city of Honolulu, Hawaii. An unknown number of residents are reportedly still trapped in their apartments. ](/news/2017/07/14/at-least-three-people-are-killed-and-two-hospitalized-one-in-serious-condition-from-a-fire-in-a-condominium-tower-in-the-american-city-of.md) _Context: Hawaii_
9. [The ''charge d'affaires'' of the U.S. Embassy in Beijing, China, resigns following President Donald Trump's  announcement he will  withdraw the United States from the 2015 international Paris Agreement on climate change mitigation. ](/news/2017/06/5/the-charga-c-d-affaires-of-the-u-s-embassy-in-beijing-china-resigns-following-president-donald-trump-s-announcement-he-will-withdraw.md) _Context: United States withdrawal from the Paris Agreement_
10. [Disney CEO Bob Iger joins Elon Musk in resigning from President Trump's advisory councils in response to Trump's decision to withdraw the U.S. from the Paris Agreement. ](/news/2017/06/2/disney-ceo-bob-iger-joins-elon-musk-in-resigning-from-president-trump-s-advisory-councils-in-response-to-trump-s-decision-to-withdraw-the-u.md) _Context: United States withdrawal from the Paris Agreement_
