### [2017-06-8](/news/2017/06/8/index.md)

# The Conservative Party wins the most votes and seats but loses its majority in the United Kingdom House of Commons. 

On the eve of an election Prime Minister Theresa May returned to her core message that only she can deliver a good Brexit deal, moving on from a heated national debate over security after two deadly Islamist attacks.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-britain-election-idUSKBN18Y0PR)
2. [Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/europe/britain-votes-in-election-torn-between-terrorism-worries-and-brexit-strategies/2017/06/08/5f080504-4aed-11e7-987c-42ab5745db2e_story.html?utm_term=.a9db31b567f8&wpisrc=al_alert-COMBO-world%252Bnation&wpmk=1)

### Related:

1. [Conservative politician Theresa May accuses European Union officials of trying to influence the upcoming elections. ](/news/2017/05/3/conservative-politician-theresa-may-accuses-european-union-officials-of-trying-to-influence-the-upcoming-elections.md) _Context: Conservative Party, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
2. [British Prime Minister Theresa May faces backlash after accusations emerge that the Conservatives allegedly planned on reducing social welfare spending. ](/news/2017/05/22/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-faces-backlash-after-accusations-emerge-that-the-conservatives-allegedly-planned-on-reducing-social-welfa.md) _Context: Conservative Party, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
3. [Conservative leader Theresa May states she will be a "bloody difficult woman" in her negotiations with Jean-Claude Juncker regarding the rights of EU nationals after Brexit. ](/news/2017/05/2/conservative-leader-theresa-may-states-she-will-be-a-bloody-difficult-woman-in-her-negotiations-with-jean-claude-juncker-regarding-the-rig.md) _Context: Conservative Party, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
4. [Voters in the United Kingdom go to the polls for a general election with  the Conservative Party winning a narrow majority  in the House of Commons after the election. ](/news/2015/05/7/voters-in-the-united-kingdom-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-with-the-conservative-party-winning-a-narrow-majority-in-the-house-of.md) _Context: Conservative Party, United Kingdom House of Commons_
5. [Results of yesterday's election are counted, revealing a hung parliament as the Conservative Party fails to retain its majority government, despite remaining the party with the most seats. Significant gains and losses are made by the opposition Labour Party and the Scottish National Party respectively, while the formerly substantial support for the UK Independence Party is depleted. ](/news/2017/06/9/results-of-yesterday-s-election-are-counted-revealing-a-hung-parliament-as-the-conservative-party-fails-to-retain-its-majority-government.md) _Context: United Kingdom general election, 2017_
6. [All major parties suspend their campaigns following last night's terror attack in London. The general election, scheduled for June 8, is not expected to be postponed. ](/news/2017/06/4/all-major-parties-suspend-their-campaigns-following-last-night-s-terror-attack-in-london-the-general-election-scheduled-for-june-8-is-not.md) _Context: United Kingdom general election, 2017_
7. [Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn debates with Conservative leader Theresa May. ](/news/2017/05/29/labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-debates-with-conservative-leader-theresa-may.md) _Context: United Kingdom general election, 2017_
8. [Campaigning in the United Kingdom general election is suspended after the bombing at the Manchester Arena. The death toll is 22 with 59 injured. ISIL claims responsibility. Singer and actress Ariana Grande suspends her Dangerous Woman Tour. ](/news/2017/05/23/campaigning-in-the-united-kingdom-general-election-is-suspended-after-the-bombing-at-the-manchester-arena-the-death-toll-is-22-with-59-inju.md) _Context: United Kingdom general election, 2017_
9. [An unknown person or organization leaks a 45-page draft campaign manifesto, described as "the most left-wing," of the Labour Party, that is due for official confirmation tomorrow. ](/news/2017/05/11/an-unknown-person-or-organization-leaks-a-45-page-draft-campaign-manifesto-described-as-the-most-left-wing-of-the-labour-party-that-is.md) _Context: United Kingdom general election, 2017_
10. [The Communist Party of Britain announces it will not field any candidates in the upcoming general election for the first time since its formation in 1920, and endorses Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, saying victory for Mr Corbyn at the general election in June would be "the first step towards a formation of left-led government at Westminster". ](/news/2017/04/24/the-communist-party-of-britain-announces-it-will-not-field-any-candidates-in-the-upcoming-general-election-for-the-first-time-since-its-form.md) _Context: United Kingdom general election, 2017_
