### [2017-06-8](/news/2017/06/8/index.md)

# U.S. authorities charge two operatives, Samer El Debek, 37, of Dearborn, Michigan, and Ali Kourani, 32, of the Bronx, New York, belonging to the Lebanese Shiite militant group Hezbollah with terrorism offenses, accused of plotting to target American and Israeli targets in New York and Panama. 

Targets included an embassy in Central America and Israeli military personnel facilities in the U.S.


### Source:

1. [Newsweek](http://www.newsweek.com/us-foils-hezbollah-plot-attack-american-israeli-targets-new-york-and-panama-623432)

### Related:

1. [CJTF-OIR jets destroy a section of road blocking the path of a convoy carrying ISIL evacuees from the Lebanon-Syria border en route to Abu Kamal in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. The convoy, carrying 308 militants and 331 civilians according to Hezbollah, is now effectively stranded in Syrian government-controlled territory. ](/news/2017/08/30/cjtfaoir-jets-destroy-a-section-of-road-blocking-the-path-of-a-convoy-carrying-isil-evacuees-from-the-lebanonasyria-border-en-route-to-a.md) _Context: Hezbollah_
2. [Former president of Panama Ricardo Martinelli is denied bond by United States magistrate judge Edwin Torres. He is accused of charges that include illegally monitoring phone and other conversations of at least 150 people. Martinelli was arrested in Miami last month on an extradition warrant from Panama. ](/news/2017/07/7/former-president-of-panama-ricardo-martinelli-is-denied-bond-by-united-states-magistrate-judge-edwin-torres-he-is-accused-of-charges-that-i.md) _Context: Panama_
3. [Panama severs diplomatic ties with Taiwan and establishes formal relations with China. ](/news/2017/06/12/panama-severs-diplomatic-ties-with-taiwan-and-establishes-formal-relations-with-china.md) _Context: Panama_
4. [Former Panamanian leader Manuel Noriega dies aged 83. ](/news/2017/05/30/former-panamanian-leader-manuel-noriega-dies-aged-83.md) _Context: Panama_
5. [In response to several Israeli airstrikes against suspected Hezbollah-related targets inside Syria, Syrian president Bashar al-Assad has threatened wider war with the State of Israel, stating its intention to fire Scud missiles, and specifically target the Israeli city of Haifa. Israel responded by stating that any such actions by the Assad regime, or attacks on its aircraft, will cause Israel to "annihilate" Syrian air defense systems. ](/news/2017/03/25/in-response-to-several-israeli-airstrikes-against-suspected-hezbollah-related-targets-inside-syria-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-has-thr.md) _Context: Hezbollah_
6. [The Israeli Air Force resumes bombing against suspected Hezbollah-related targets in Syria, with a fourth round of bombings occurring near military sites near Damascus. ](/news/2017/03/22/the-israeli-air-force-resumes-bombing-against-suspected-hezbollah-related-targets-in-syria-with-a-fourth-round-of-bombings-occurring-near-m.md) _Context: Hezbollah_
7. [The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-israeli-air-force-launches-several-airstrikes-on-targets-inside-syria-and-for-the-first-time-publicly-claims-responsibility-syrian-ai.md) _Context: Hezbollah_
8. [The International Committee of the Red Cross claims that 25,000 residents of the rebel-held territories have been evacuated from Aleppo as Hezbollah warns remaining residents in the former rebel enclave to leave "as quickly as possible". ](/news/2016/12/20/the-international-committee-of-the-red-cross-claims-that-25-000-residents-of-the-rebel-held-territories-have-been-evacuated-from-aleppo-as-h.md) _Context: Hezbollah_
9. [Allegedly Israeli fighter jets strike a suspected Hezbollah weapons convoy near Damascus, Syria. ](/news/2016/11/30/allegedly-israeli-fighter-jets-strike-a-suspected-hezbollah-weapons-convoy-near-damascus-syria.md) _Context: Hezbollah_
10. [Hurricane Otto impacts Panama. A tropical storm watch is issued for Nicaragua from Bluefields to Sandy Bay Sirpi. ](/news/2016/11/22/hurricane-otto-impacts-panama-a-tropical-storm-watch-is-issued-for-nicaragua-from-bluefields-to-sandy-bay-sirpi.md) _Context: Panama_
