### [2017-06-8](/news/2017/06/8/index.md)

# War in Somalia: Al-Shabaab militants storm a military base in Puntland. The subsequent battle with the Somali military leaves at least 70 people dead. Somali officials called the attack the deadliest in the country in years. 

Gun battle in military base in Somalia&#39;s semi-autonomous Puntland region kills at least 70 soldiers.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/06/casualties-al-shabab-attack-puntland-army-base-170608102915346.html)

### Related:

1. [War in Somalia: At least 10 Somali Armed Forces soldiers and 12 Al-Shabaab militants are killed in fighting near the town of Afgooye, Lower Shabelle. ](/news/2016/07/11/war-in-somalia-at-least-10-somali-armed-forces-soldiers-and-12-al-shabaab-militants-are-killed-in-fighting-near-the-town-of-afgooye-lower.md) _Context: Somali forces, War in Somalia, al Shabaab militia_
2. [War in Somalia: A suicide bomber in Somalia-s Puntland region detonates while hugging Saeed Ali, the treasurer of Galkayo, killing him and several police officers guarding him. Islamic militant group Al-Shabaab claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/03/31/war-in-somalia-a-suicide-bomber-in-somalia-s-puntland-region-detonates-while-hugging-saeed-ali-the-treasurer-of-galkayo-killing-him-and.md) _Context: Puntland, War in Somalia, al Shabaab militia_
3. [War in Somalia: al Shabaab militants claim to have captured the port of Merca (Marka) after African Union and Somali Armed Forces withdraw. ](/news/2016/02/5/war-in-somalia-al-shabaab-militants-claim-to-have-captured-the-port-of-merca-marka-after-african-union-and-somali-armed-forces-withdraw.md) _Context: Somali forces, War in Somalia, al Shabaab militia_
4. [American involvement in the Somali Civil War: United States-supported Somali forces shoot and kill 10 Somalis, including three children, in Lower Shebelle's Bariire village near Mogadishu. While the Somalia government reports the other dead were members of the al Shabaab militia, Lower Shabelle deputy governor Ali Nur Mohamed says the victims were all civilians, farm owners, workers and their children. The U.S. Africa Command says they are investigating these civilian casualties reports. ](/news/2017/08/25/american-involvement-in-the-somali-civil-war-united-states-supported-somali-forces-shoot-and-kill-10-somalis-including-three-children-in.md) _Context: Somali forces, al Shabaab militia_
5. [War in Somalia: A suicide bomber explodes a car bomb near a hotel, al-Shabaab militants then storm the hotel and a pizza restaurant, killing least 20 people and taking others hostage, in Somalia's capital Mogadishu. All five attackers are later killed. ](/news/2017/06/14/war-in-somalia-a-suicide-bomber-explodes-a-car-bomb-near-a-hotel-al-shabaab-militants-then-storm-the-hotel-and-a-pizza-restaurant-killing.md) _Context: War in Somalia, al Shabaab militia_
6. [War in Somalia (2009-present): The United States is to deploy troops to Somalia for the first time since 1994 to help train the Somali Armed Forces in their conflict with al-Shabaab insurgents. ](/news/2017/04/14/war-in-somalia-2009-present-the-united-states-is-to-deploy-troops-to-somalia-for-the-first-time-since-1994-to-help-train-the-somali-arm.md) _Context: Somali forces, al Shabaab militia_
7. [War in Somalia (2009-present): A suicide bomber attacks a military training camp in Mogadishu, killing at least nine soldiers. Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/04/10/war-in-somalia-2009-present-a-suicide-bomber-attacks-a-military-training-camp-in-mogadishu-killing-at-least-nine-soldiers-al-shabaab.md) _Context: Somali forces, al Shabaab militia_
8. [War in Somalia (2009-present): A security operation by the Somali Army in Lower Shabelle region kills 14 al-Shabaab fighters. ](/news/2016/10/4/war-in-somalia-2009-present-a-security-operation-by-the-somali-army-in-lower-shabelle-region-kills-14-al-shabaab-fighters.md) _Context: Somali forces, al Shabaab militia_
9. [War in Somalia: Somali police say at least seven are dead after clashes as Somali and African Union troops pushed back al-Shabab extremists from Afgooye, a town near Mogadishu. ](/news/2016/10/18/war-in-somalia-somali-police-say-at-least-seven-are-dead-after-clashes-as-somali-and-african-union-troops-pushed-back-al-shabab-extremists.md) _Context: War in Somalia, al Shabaab militia_
10. [War in Somalia: A car bomb at a Mogadishu restaurant near the Jilaow detention center kills four people and injures another five. Al-Shabaab claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/10/1/war-in-somalia-a-car-bomb-at-a-mogadishu-restaurant-near-the-jilaow-detention-center-kills-four-people-and-injures-another-five-al-shabaab.md) _Context: War in Somalia, al Shabaab militia_
