### [2006-03-15](/news/2006/03/15/index.md)

#  The United Nations General Assembly votes to establish the United Nations Human Rights Council, a new human rights organization to replace the United Nations Commission on Human Rights, with only the United States, Israel, the Marshall Islands and Palau opposing. 

The 191-member U.N. General Assembly has approved, despite U.S. objection, the creation of a Human Rights Council to replace the disgraced Commission on Human Rights.


### Source:

1. [Reuters.uk](http://today.reuters.co.uk/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=worldNews&storyID=2006-03-15T063517Z_01_N14224220_RTRUKOC_0_UK-RIGHTS-UN-USA.xml&archived=False)
2. [United Press International](http://www.upi.com/InternationalIntelligence/view.php?StoryID=20060315-010515-6434r)

### Related:

1. [A panel of human rights experts convened by the United Nations Human Rights Council says Israel's seizure of the MV Mavi Marmara in the Gaza flotilla raid was "clearly unlawful". ](/news/2010/09/22/a-panel-of-human-rights-experts-convened-by-the-united-nations-human-rights-council-says-israel-s-seizure-of-the-mv-mavi-marmara-in-the-gaza.md) _Context: Human Rights Council, Human rights, Israel_
2. [The United Nations General Assembly humanitarian committee adopts, by a 112&ndash;19 vote (with 50 abstentions), a resolution that condemns North Korea for gross violations of human rights and supports referring the country and its leaders to the International Criminal Court in The Hague. The resolution will be sent to the full General Assembly, where it is expected to pass, given the committee vote. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-united-nations-general-assembly-humanitarian-committee-adopts-by-a-112-ndash-19-vote-with-50-abstentions-a-resolution-that-condemns.md) _Context: Human rights, United Nations General Assembly_
3. [2011-2012 Syrian uprising: The United Nations General Assembly overwhelmingly votes in favour of an Arab sponsored resolution condemning human rights violations by the Syrian government led by President Bashar al-Assad. ](/news/2012/02/16/2011a2012-syrian-uprising-the-united-nations-general-assembly-overwhelmingly-votes-in-favour-of-an-arab-sponsored-resolution-condemning-h.md) _Context: Human rights, United Nations General Assembly_
4. [The United Nations Human Rights Council orders an investigation into alleged human rights violations by the Government of Syria in the 2011 Syrian uprising. ](/news/2011/08/23/the-united-nations-human-rights-council-orders-an-investigation-into-alleged-human-rights-violations-by-the-government-of-syria-in-the-2011.md) _Context: Human Rights Council, Human rights_
5. [The Palestinian National Authority states it will seek United Nations recognition through both the Security Council and the General Assembly in September. It is currently lobbying nations for recognition during the stalled peace talks with Israel. ](/news/2011/01/11/the-palestinian-national-authority-states-it-will-seek-united-nations-recognition-through-both-the-security-council-and-the-general-assembly.md) _Context: Israel, United Nations General Assembly_
6. [The UN General Assembly's human rights committee criticizes Iran for human rights abuses; Iranian diplomat Mohammad-Javad Larijani calls the UN censure a "politicization" of human rights. ](/news/2010/11/19/the-un-general-assembly-s-human-rights-committee-criticizes-iran-for-human-rights-abuses-iranian-diplomat-mohammad-javad-larijani-calls-the.md) _Context: Human rights, United Nations General Assembly_
7. [UNHRC report into the Gaza flotilla raid:The 57-member United Nations Human Rights Council is to investigate the facts found by a report into the Gaza flotilla raid carried out by Israel earlier this year. ](/news/2010/09/26/unhrc-report-into-the-gaza-flotilla-raid-pthe-57-member-united-nations-human-rights-council-is-to-investigate-the-facts-found-by-a-report-in.md) _Context: Human Rights Council, Israel_
8. [Mahmoud Abbas addresses the United Nations General Assembly, where he states that Palestinians desire "a comprehensive and just" peace agreement and requests that Israel cease its policy of building settlements in the West Bank. ](/news/2010/09/25/mahmoud-abbas-addresses-the-united-nations-general-assembly-where-he-states-that-palestinians-desire-a-comprehensive-and-just-peace-agree.md) _Context: Israel, United Nations General Assembly_
9. [The United States and other western nations including Britain, Sweden, Australia, Belgium, Uruguay and Spain walk out of the United Nations General Assembly following claims by the President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad that the "majority of the American people as well as most nations and politicians around the world" say that the 9/11 attacks were the work of the Government of the United States trying to protect Israel. ](/news/2010/09/23/the-united-states-and-other-western-nations-including-britain-sweden-australia-belgium-uruguay-and-spain-walk-out-of-the-united-nations.md) _Context: Israel, United Nations General Assembly_
10. [Gaza flotilla raid:United Nations Human Rights Council passed a resolution calling for an independent fact-finding mission into Israel's interception of a Gaza-bound flotilla. ](/news/2010/06/3/gaza-flotilla-raid-punited-nations-human-rights-council-passed-a-resolution-calling-for-an-independent-fact-finding-mission-into-israel-s-in.md) _Context: Human Rights Council, Israel_
