### [2006-03-15](/news/2006/03/15/index.md)

#  United Kingdom: The House of Commons votes to approve an education reform bill. The Prime minister, Tony Blair's authority is called into question for his relying on the opposition Conservative party to secure the vote, due to revolt within his own Labour party. 




### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=10000102&sid=a_Rfcysox0pg&refer=uk)

### Related:

1. [ British polls open in the 2005 general election. Voters will elect 645 of the 646 members of the House of Commons. Most expect Tony Blair and his Labour Party to win, but both Michael Howard and the Conservative Party along with Charles Kennedy and the Liberal Democrats are expected to make major gains in Parliament. (Wikinews) ](/news/2005/05/5/british-polls-open-in-the-2005-general-election-voters-will-elect-645-of-the-646-members-of-the-house-of-commons-most-expect-tony-blair-a.md) _Context: British House of Commons, Conservative Party, Labour, Tony Blair_
2. [Labour's Gareth Snell holds off UKIP's leader Paul Nuttall to win the Stoke-on-Trent Central by-election, while Conservative Party candidate Trudy Harrison wins the Copeland by-election,  the first gain for a governing party since 1982. ](/news/2017/02/23/labour-s-gareth-snell-holds-off-ukip-s-leader-paul-nuttall-to-win-the-stoke-on-trent-central-by-election-while-conservative-party-candidate.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Labour_
3. [The BBC is told that the UK's three main political parties, the Conservatives, Labour and the Liberal Democrats, will declare that whoever forms the government after the next general election will not agree to a currency union with an independent Scotland. ](/news/2014/02/12/the-bbc-is-told-that-the-uk-s-three-main-political-parties-the-conservatives-labour-and-the-liberal-democrats-will-declare-that-whoever-f.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Labour_
4. [United Kingdom local elections, 2013:Results of the elections show gains for Labour and UKIP and losses for the Liberal Democrats and the Conservative Party.](/news/2013/05/3/united-kingdom-local-elections-2013-presults-of-the-elections-show-gains-for-labour-and-ukip-and-losses-for-the-liberal-democrats-and-the-c.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Labour_
5. [The Labour Party wins the three by-elections held in the United Kingdom on Thursday. Steve Reed is elected in Croydon North, Andy McDonald in Middlesbrough and Sarah Champion in Rotherham. The UK Independence Party achieve second place in Middlesbrough and Rotherham, beating the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats. ](/news/2012/11/30/the-labour-party-wins-the-three-by-elections-held-in-the-united-kingdom-on-thursday-steve-reed-is-elected-in-croydon-north-andy-mcdonald-i.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Labour_
6. [Labour wins all three by-elections contested in the UK on Thursday, including gaining Corby from the Conservatives. Andy Sawford is elected MP for Corby, Lucy Powell for Manchester Central and Stephen Doughty for Cardiff South and Penarth. ](/news/2012/11/16/labour-wins-all-three-by-elections-contested-in-the-uk-on-thursday-including-gaining-corby-from-the-conservatives-andy-sawford-is-elected.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Labour_
7. [Ed Miliband declares the death of Tony Blair's centrist New Labour in his first interview since being elected leader of the British Labour Party yesterday. ](/news/2010/09/26/ed-miliband-declares-the-death-of-tony-blair-s-centrist-new-labour-in-his-first-interview-since-being-elected-leader-of-the-british-labour-p.md) _Context: Labour, Tony Blair_
8. [The Conservative Party's David Cameron kisses the hands of Queen Elizabeth II to become Prime Minister of the United Kingdom after Gordon Brown resigns as Prime Minister and as Leader of the British Labour Party. ](/news/2010/05/11/the-conservative-party-s-david-cameron-kisses-the-hands-of-queen-elizabeth-ii-to-become-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-after-gordon-br.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Labour_
9. [ Chloe Smith wins the Norwich North by-election, the first British constituency by-election since the United Kingdom Parliamentary expenses scandal, and gains the Conservative Party a seat held by Labour for the past 12 years. ](/news/2009/07/24/chloe-smith-wins-the-norwich-north-by-election-the-first-british-constituency-by-election-since-the-united-kingdom-parliamentary-expenses.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Labour_
10. [ The Conservative Party gains seven county councils, the Liberal Democrats lose one, and the Labour Party loses four during the United Kingdom's local elections. ](/news/2009/06/6/the-conservative-party-gains-seven-county-councils-the-liberal-democrats-lose-one-and-the-labour-party-loses-four-during-the-united-kingd.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Labour_
