### [2006-09-1](/news/2006/09/1/index.md)

#  AU officials report that Sudan has launched a major offensive in Darfur, a day after it rejected UNSC Resolution 1706, calling for a new 20,000 UN peacekeeping force. Over 20 people are reported dead and 1,000 displaced in clashes which broke earlier in the week. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://www.canada.com/topics/news/world/story.html?id=a7cd74a8-696f-4e24-852c-374f0d279a9e&k=405)

### Related:

1. [Two Sudanese, Abdallah Banda Abakaer Nourain and Saleh Mohammed Jerbo Jamus, surrender to the International Criminal Court in The Hague to be charged on Thursday with "murder", "intentionally directing attacks against peacekeeping personnel" and "stealing property" in relation to a 2007 attack on African Union peacekeepers in Darfur, which killed 12. ](/news/2010/06/16/two-sudanese-abdallah-banda-abakaer-nourain-and-saleh-mohammed-jerbo-jamus-surrender-to-the-international-criminal-court-in-the-hague-to-b.md) _Context: African Union, Darfur, Sudan_
2. [ Ethiopia will deploy 5,000 troops as part of a joint United Nations - African Union mission in the Darfur region of Sudan. ](/news/2007/09/13/ethiopia-will-deploy-5-000-troops-as-part-of-a-joint-united-nations-african-union-mission-in-the-darfur-region-of-sudan.md) _Context: African Union, Darfur, Sudan_
3. [ Sudan pledges support for UNAMID, a joint United Nations and African Union peacekeeping force in Darfur. ](/news/2007/08/1/sudan-pledges-support-for-unamid-a-joint-united-nations-and-african-union-peacekeeping-force-in-darfur.md) _Context: African Union, Darfur, Sudan_
4. [ Sudan agrees to allow 3,000 United Nations troops in Darfur to support a 7,000 strong African Union force. ](/news/2007/04/16/sudan-agrees-to-allow-3-000-united-nations-troops-in-darfur-to-support-a-7-000-strong-african-union-force.md) _Context: African Union, Darfur, Sudan_
5. [ Condoleezza Rice and the African Union request additional funds to enable the A.U.'s peacekeeping mission in Darfur, Sudan to continue. Without additional aid, the African peacekeeping force will run out of funds in four months. Violence in the region has resurged recently. ](/news/2005/12/17/condoleezza-rice-and-the-african-union-request-additional-funds-to-enable-the-a-u-s-peacekeeping-mission-in-darfur-sudan-to-continue-wit.md) _Context: African Union, Darfur, Sudan_
6. [South Africa formally begins the process of withdrawing from the International Criminal Court amid a dispute over the country's refusal to arrest Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir at last year's African Union summit in Johannesburg. ](/news/2016/10/21/south-africa-formally-begins-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-the-international-criminal-court-amid-a-dispute-over-the-country-s-refusal-to-a.md) _Context: African Union, Sudan_
7. [Amnesty International say dozens of children in Darfur are among more than 200 people estimated to have been killed by Sudan government chemical weapons since January. ](/news/2016/09/28/amnesty-international-say-dozens-of-children-in-darfur-are-among-more-than-200-people-estimated-to-have-been-killed-by-sudan-government-chem.md) _Context: Darfur, Sudan_
8. [Darfurian status referendum, 2016. According to the Sudanese electoral commission, more than 97% of voters in Darfur choose to remain as five states rather than form a single region. However, The vote was held amid ongoing insecurity and many of Sudan's 2.5 million displaced people were not registered to vote, with the U.S. State Department warning that the referendum could not be considered credible "under current rules and conditions". ](/news/2016/04/23/darfurian-status-referendum-2016-according-to-the-sudanese-electoral-commission-more-than-97-of-voters-in-darfur-choose-to-remain-as-fiv.md) _Context: Darfur, Sudan_
9. [Darfurian status referendum, 2016. Voting for a referendum begins in Darfur, Sudan. Voters will be asked during the three-day referendum to decide on the permanent administrative status of the region. The choices are for the creation of a Darfur Region composed of the States of Darfur, or the retention of the status quo states system. Darfur is currently divided into five states. Voters will decide this week whether the area should go back to being one region, as it was until 1994. However, there are fears of voter apathy and if the referendum will be credible. ](/news/2016/04/11/darfurian-status-referendum-2016-voting-for-a-referendum-begins-in-darfur-sudan-voters-will-be-asked-during-the-three-day-referendum-to.md) _Context: Darfur, Sudan_
10. [Sudanese general election, 2015. Sudan's Electoral Commission declares that incumbent President of Sudan Omar al-Bashir won re-election with 94.4 per cent of the vote extending his 25 year rule. He has been indicted multiple times by the International Criminal Court for being personally responsible for war crimes committed in Darfur and elsewhere in Sudan. ](/news/2015/04/27/sudanese-general-election-2015-sudan-s-electoral-commission-declares-that-incumbent-president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-won-re-election-with.md) _Context: Darfur, Sudan_
