### [2006-09-1](/news/2006/09/1/index.md)

#  Prime Minister of Poland, Jaroslaw Kaczynski, calls on the EU to develop a common foreign policy and build a "credible" military force. 




### Source:

1. [Yahoo!](http://uk.news.yahoo.com/01092006/323/europe-must-build-credible-strong-military-force-polish-pm.html)

### Related:

1. [The European Union's executive branch sends a formal notice to Poland expressing their concern that the new "discretionary" powers given to the country's justice minister threaten the independence of the courts in violation of EU laws. Poland has a month to respond. ](/news/2017/07/29/the-european-union-s-executive-branch-sends-a-formal-notice-to-poland-expressing-their-concern-that-the-new-discretionary-powers-given-to.md) _Context: EU, Polish_
2. [Poles march against a bill that critics say might decrease judicial independence in Poland. Hungary has supported the bill while the European Union has opposed it. The protesters hope that the President Andrzej Duda would intervene against the proposed law. ](/news/2017/07/22/poles-march-against-a-bill-that-critics-say-might-decrease-judicial-independence-in-poland-hungary-has-supported-the-bill-while-the-europea.md) _Context: EU, Polish_
3. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: EU, Polish_
4. [The leader of Poland's Democracy Defence Committee, Mateusz Kijowski, says the government has "broken the country" after Polish President, Andrzej Duda, enacted a measure curbing the powers of the country's highest legislative court, the Constitutional Tribunal, despite protests and warnings from the European Union. Kijowski further called for foreign intervention in the country from "Europe and the United States" to topple the Law and Justice (PiS) government, saying "they must help us, otherwise Poland will leave the community of democracies". After news broke that Duda had signed into law the constitutional tribunal bill, he made a speech on television defending his move. Polish newspaper Gazeta Wyborcza quoted U.S. sources saying Barack Obama had objections and had let it be known he would delay meeting Duda. The newspaper also suggested Poland's hosting of the next NATO summit, planned for July 2016, was in the balance. ](/news/2015/12/28/the-leader-of-poland-s-democracy-defence-committee-mateusz-kijowski-says-the-government-has-broken-the-country-after-polish-president-a.md) _Context: EU, Polish_
5. [Official results show Poland's conservative Law and Justice (PiS) party, led by eurosceptic Jaroslaw Kaczynski and the new PM Beata Szydlo, won more seats than any other party in today's general elections. Kaczynski is the twin brother of the late President Lech Kaczynski, who died in a 2010 jet crash. Prime Minister Ewa Kopacz has conceded defeat. ](/news/2015/10/25/official-results-show-poland-s-conservative-law-and-justice-pis-party-led-by-eurosceptic-jarosaaw-kaczyaski-and-the-new-pm-beata-szyda.md) _Context: Jaroslaw Kaczynski, Polish_
6. [Foreign ministers from Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia meet with officials from the European Union and Germany to discuss differences over migrant quotas. ](/news/2015/09/11/foreign-ministers-from-czech-republic-hungary-poland-and-slovakia-meet-with-officials-from-the-european-union-and-germany-to-discuss-diffe.md) _Context: EU, Polish_
7. [Belarus expels the ambassadors from the European Union and Poland and recalls its ambassadors in Brussels and Warsaw due to the imposition of sanctions. ](/news/2012/02/28/belarus-expels-the-ambassadors-from-the-european-union-and-poland-and-recalls-its-ambassadors-in-brussels-and-warsaw-due-to-the-imposition-o.md) _Context: EU, Polish_
8. [Poland takes over the Presidency of the Council of the European Union for six months. ](/news/2011/07/1/poland-takes-over-the-presidency-of-the-council-of-the-european-union-for-six-months.md) _Context: EU, Polish_
9. [ Police recruit sniffer dogs and detectives in their hunt for the "Arbeit macht frei" sign missing from Auschwitz as appeals for its return are made by Israel, Poland and the European Union. ](/news/2009/12/19/police-recruit-sniffer-dogs-and-detectives-in-their-hunt-for-the-arbeit-macht-frei-sign-missing-from-auschwitz-as-appeals-for-its-return.md) _Context: EU, Polish_
10. [ Polish parliament speaker Bronislaw Komorowski said that Poland's new government is set to be the first to ratify the EU's Reform Treaty. ](/news/2007/11/23/polish-parliament-speaker-bronislaw-komorowski-said-that-poland-s-new-government-is-set-to-be-the-first-to-ratify-the-eu-s-reform-treaty.md) _Context: EU, Polish_
