### [2006-09-1](/news/2006/09/1/index.md)

#  Spain approves plans to deploy 1,100 troops to Lebanon as part of a UN peacekeeping force. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/5306152.stm)

### Related:

1. [Following a January 18 airstrike against a Hezbollah convoy, Hezbollah targets an Israeli military convoy near the Lebanon border at the Shebaa farms area, killing two and wounding another seven. While the Israeli military responds with artillery fire upon several South Lebanon border villages and Shebaa Farms, Hezbollah responds with mortar shells. Cross fire fighting kills a Spanish UN peacekeeper in the town of Ghajar. ](/news/2015/01/28/following-a-january-18-airstrike-against-a-hezbollah-convoy-hezbollah-targets-an-israeli-military-convoy-near-the-lebanon-border-at-the-she.md) _Context: Lebanon, Spain_
2. [A group of more than 30 journalists from such countries as Turkey, Spain, Germany, Lebanon, Egypt, the United Kingdom and the United States announces it is to take legal action against Israel for equipment lost and money stolen due to the Gaza flotilla raid. ](/news/2010/07/14/a-group-of-more-than-30-journalists-from-such-countries-as-turkey-spain-germany-lebanon-egypt-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states.md) _Context: Lebanon, Spain_
3. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict: Israel must lift its blockade of Lebanon soon, UN chief Kofi Annan tells Israel's defence minister.](/news/2006/08/29/2006-israel-lebanon-conflict-p-israel-must-lift-its-blockade-of-lebanon-soon-un-chief-kofi-annan-tells-israel-s-defence-minister.md) _Context: Lebanon, UN_
4. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict: UN Secretary General Kofi Annan has expressed deep concern over Saturday's Israeli commando raid deep inside Lebanon, calling it a truce violation. ](/news/2006/08/20/2006-israel-lebanon-conflict-p-un-secretary-general-kofi-annan-has-expressed-deep-concern-over-saturday-s-israeli-commando-raid-deep-inside.md) _Context: Lebanon, UN_
5. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict: Four United Nations observers are killed in an Israeli air strike on an observation post in south Lebanon. An initial UN report says they contacted the Israeli troops 10 times before an incoming bomb killed four of them. ](/news/2006/07/26/2006-israel-lebanon-conflict-p-four-united-nations-observers-are-killed-in-an-israeli-air-strike-on-an-observation-post-in-south-lebanon-a.md) _Context: Lebanon, UN_
6. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict: Hostilities between Israel and Hezbollah militants in Lebanon must stop immediately, UN Secretary General Kofi Annan has said.](/news/2006/07/20/2006-israel-lebanon-conflict-p-hostilities-between-israel-and-hezbollah-militants-in-lebanon-must-stop-immediately-un-secretary-general-ko.md) _Context: Lebanon, UN_
7. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon crisis: Israel has rebuffed a UN call for an international monitoring force to be deployed in Lebanon as it continued to attack the country.](/news/2006/07/17/2006-israel-lebanon-crisis-p-israel-has-rebuffed-a-un-call-for-an-international-monitoring-force-to-be-deployed-in-lebanon-as-it-continued.md) _Context: Lebanon, UN_
8. [Approximately fifty migrants are feared drowned off the coast of Morocco. Three men were rescued near Alboran Island near the coast of Spain. ](/news/2017/07/4/approximately-fifty-migrants-are-feared-drowned-off-the-coast-of-morocco-three-men-were-rescued-near-alboran-island-near-the-coast-of-spain.md) _Context: Spain_
9. [The remains of surrealist painter Salvador Dali are exhumed following a Madrid court order on settling the paternity claim of a woman who is allegedly the painter's natural daughter. Various experts contest the claim, noting Dali's sexual eccentrism (including a public boast about his "impotency") and that the action being against the state (Dali bequeathed his estate to Spain). If proven, this woman could assume part of Dali's estate. ](/news/2017/07/21/the-remains-of-surrealist-painter-salvador-dala-are-exhumed-following-a-madrid-court-order-on-settling-the-paternity-claim-of-a-woman-who-i.md) _Context: Spain_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Lebanon_
