### [2003-07-8](/news/2003/07/8/index.md)

#  Same-sex marriage in Canada: A British Columbia court rules that same-sex couples may get married in that province, effective immediately. BC becomes the second Canadian province, and second political division in the Western Hemisphere, to legalize same-sex marriage. This decision is similar to the Ontario decision on June 10, 2003. 




### Source:

1. [Canada News](http://cnews.canoe.ca/CNEWS/Canada/2003/07/08/130210-cp.html)

### Related:

1. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: A court in Yukon rules that the territory's government must licence marriages between same-sex partners. Yukon becomes the fourth jurisdiction in Canada to perform same-sex marriages, after Ontario, British Columbia, and Quebec. ](/news/2004/07/14/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-a-court-in-yukon-rules-that-the-territory-s-government-must-licence-marriages-between-same-sex-partners-yukon.md) _Context: British Columbia, Ontario, same-sex marriage, same-sex marriage in Canada_
2. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: The Quebec Court of Appeal upholds a Quebec superior court ruling that same-sex marriages are valid under Canada's Charter of Rights and Freedoms. [http://www.cbc.ca/stories/2004/03/19/gaymarriage040319 (CBC)] It joins Ontario and British Columbia in permitting same-sex marriage. The couple which brought the suit is scheduled to be wed on April 10, after a required 20-day waiting period.](/news/2004/03/19/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-the-quebec-court-of-appeal-upholds-a-quebec-superior-court-ruling-that-same-sex-marriages-are-valid-under-cana.md) _Context: British Columbia, Ontario, same-sex marriage, same-sex marriage in Canada_
3. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: an Ontario court rules that Canadians whose same-sex partners died after 1985 are entitled to survivors' benefits. It is believed to be the first class-action lawsuit awarding compensation to gays and lesbians anywhere in the world. [http://www.cbc.ca/stories/2003/12/19/samesex_benefits031219]](/news/2003/12/19/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-an-ontario-court-rules-that-canadians-whose-same-sex-partners-died-after-1985-are-entitled-to-survivors-benef.md) _Context: Ontario, gay, same-sex marriage in Canada_
4. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: The Canadian government announces that it will not appeal the Ontario appeals court ruling that permitted same-sex marriage. Instead, Prime Minister Jean Chrtien indicates that his government will introduce legislation to change the definition of marriage but protect the rights of churches to decide which marriages they will solemnize.](/news/2003/06/17/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-the-canadian-government-announces-that-it-will-not-appeal-the-ontario-appeals-court-ruling-that-permitted-same.md) _Context: Ontario, same-sex marriage, same-sex marriage in Canada_
5. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: The Ontario Appeals Court rules that the law restricting marriage to heterosexual couples contravenes the equality provisions in the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms. The court does not permit the province any grace time to bring its law in conformity with the ruling. This appears to mean that Ontario has become the first jurisdiction in North America to recognize same-sex marriages. Toronto announces that its city clerk will begin to issue marriage licences to same-sex couples, and two same-sex couples who filed suit have their marriages retroactively recognized.](/news/2003/06/10/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-the-ontario-appeals-court-rules-that-the-law-restricting-marriage-to-heterosexual-couples-contravenes-the-equa.md) _Context: Ontario, same-sex marriage, same-sex marriage in Canada_
6. [ The bishops of the United States Episcopal Church agree to "exercise restraint" by not consecrating more gay bishops or authorizing rites for the blessing of same-sex unions in order to prevent a schism in the Anglican Church worldwide. ](/news/2007/09/26/the-bishops-of-the-united-states-episcopal-church-agree-to-exercise-restraint-by-not-consecrating-more-gay-bishops-or-authorizing-rites-f.md) _Context: gay, same-sex marriage_
7. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: The Supreme Court of Canada begins three days of hearings into the federal government's reference of a draft bill to legalize same-sex marriage. The court will review the bill's constitutionality, hearing arguments from groups on either side of the debate. A ruling is not expected for months. ](/news/2004/10/6/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-the-supreme-court-of-canada-begins-three-days-of-hearings-into-the-federal-government-s-reference-of-a-draft-b.md) _Context: same-sex marriage, same-sex marriage in Canada_
8. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: The Nova Scotia Supreme Court strikes down the province's law forbidding same-sex marriages, making it the sixth of Canada's provinces and territories to legalize same-sex marriage. Neither the federal nor the Nova Scotia government had opposed the court challenge. ](/news/2004/09/24/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-the-nova-scotia-supreme-court-strikes-down-the-province-s-law-forbidding-same-sex-marriages-making-it-the-six.md) _Context: same-sex marriage, same-sex marriage in Canada_
9. [ King Norodom Sihanouk of Cambodia, who recently made a statement in support of same-sex marriage, responded to an "insulting" e-mail by announcing he is not gay. The king is 81 years old and has 14 children. ](/news/2004/02/25/king-norodom-sihanouk-of-cambodia-who-recently-made-a-statement-in-support-of-same-sex-marriage-responded-to-an-insulting-e-mail-by-ann.md) _Context: gay, same-sex marriage_
10. [ Officials at the city and county of San Francisco, California, estimate by the end of the day that they will have issued 2,000 licenses for same-sex marriages in the four days since they started granting legal recognition to gay and lesbian unions. ](/news/2004/02/16/officials-at-the-city-and-county-of-san-francisco-california-estimate-by-the-end-of-the-day-that-they-will-have-issued-2-000-licenses-for.md) _Context: gay, same-sex marriage_
