### [2014-05-30](/news/2014/05/30/index.md)

# ''The Wall Street Journal'' reports that the FBI and SEC have launched an insider trading investigation involving billionaire investor Carl Icahn, Las Vegas gambler and investor Billy Walters, and golf superstar Phil Mickelson. No wrongdoing has yet been alleged. 

Five-time major winner Phil Mickelson is one of three men being investigated in what the Wall Street Journal calls &quot;a major insider-trading probe involving finance, gambling and sports,&quot; the newspaper reported on its website Friday night.


### Source:

1. [ESPN](http://espn.go.com/golf/story/_/id/11009800/phil-mickelson-three-men-eyed-insider-trading-probe-fbi-sec)

### Related:

1. [U.S. authorities expand their investigation into insider trading among hedge funds and their service providers. John Kinnucan, an independent researcher for hedge funds, told Reuters that he expects the Federal Bureau of Investigation will at some point arrest him, "That's just how they operate." ](/news/2010/12/7/u-s-authorities-expand-their-investigation-into-insider-trading-among-hedge-funds-and-their-service-providers-john-kinnucan-an-independen.md) _Context: Federal Bureau of Investigation, insider trading_
2. [In the Mark Cuban insider trading case, an appeals court overturns a district court decision last fall that had dismissed the civil charges brought against Cuban by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. [http://www.marketwatch.com/story/mark-cuban-inside-trading-case-revived-2010-09-21 (MarketWatch)]. ](/news/2010/09/21/in-the-mark-cuban-insider-trading-case-an-appeals-court-overturns-a-district-court-decision-last-fall-that-had-dismissed-the-civil-charges.md) _Context: SEC, insider trading_
3. [ The United States Federal Bureau of Investigation locates Stanford Financial Group Chairman Allen Stanford in Virginia and serves him with a fraud complaint on behalf of the Securities and Exchange Commission. ](/news/2009/02/19/the-united-states-federal-bureau-of-investigation-locates-stanford-financial-group-chairman-allen-stanford-in-virginia-and-serves-him-with.md) _Context: Federal Bureau of Investigation, SEC_
4. [Jared Kushner, son-in-law of and Senior Advisor to the President of the United States, is identified as a main focus of investigations into Russian ties by the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ](/news/2017/05/25/jared-kushner-son-in-law-of-and-senior-advisor-to-the-president-of-the-united-states-is-identified-as-a-main-focus-of-investigations-into.md) _Context: Federal Bureau of Investigation_
5. [The Federal Bureau of Investigation raids a Republican fundraising firm in Annapolis, Maryland. ](/news/2017/05/11/the-federal-bureau-of-investigation-raids-a-republican-fundraising-firm-in-annapolis-maryland.md) _Context: Federal Bureau of Investigation_
6. [The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-expands-beyond-ohio-with-the.md) _Context: Federal Bureau of Investigation_
7. [The Federal Bureau of Investigation becomes involved in the search for Elizabeth Thomas and the manhunt for her suspected kidnapper, Tad Cummins. ](/news/2017/03/16/the-federal-bureau-of-investigation-becomes-involved-in-the-search-for-elizabeth-thomas-and-the-manhunt-for-her-suspected-kidnapper-tad-cum.md) _Context: Federal Bureau of Investigation_
8. [The Trump White House bars ''The New York Times'', CNN, the ''Los Angeles Times'', the ''New York Daily News'', ''The Hill'',  the ''Daily Mail'',  BBC,  Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as  Breitbart News, One America News Network, and ''The Washington Times''. Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News,  ''The Wall Street Journal'', Bloomberg News, and Fox News. ''Time'' magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to  in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-m.md) _Context: The Wall Street Journal_
9. [President-elect Donald Trump names Carl Icahn as the Special Advisor to the President on Regulatory Reform. ](/news/2016/12/21/president-elect-donald-trump-names-carl-icahn-as-the-special-advisor-to-the-president-on-regulatory-reform.md) _Context: Carl Icahn_
10. [Federal Bureau of Investigation chief James Comey tells the United States Congress that he has found no evidence of criminality by Hillary Clinton in relation to a new batch of emails. ](/news/2016/11/6/federal-bureau-of-investigation-chief-james-comey-tells-the-united-states-congress-that-he-has-found-no-evidence-of-criminality-by-hillary-c.md) _Context: Federal Bureau of Investigation_
