### [2004-12-22](/news/2004/12/22/index.md)

#  The British charity organization Save the Children withdraws from Darfur after rebels kill their aid workers. 




### Source:

1. [AllAfrica](http://allafrica.com/stories/200412210439.html)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/4113773.stm)
3. [IAfrica](http://iafrica.com/news/worldnews/400045.htm)

### Related:

1. [Amnesty International say dozens of children in Darfur are among more than 200 people estimated to have been killed by Sudan government chemical weapons since January. ](/news/2016/09/28/amnesty-international-say-dozens-of-children-in-darfur-are-among-more-than-200-people-estimated-to-have-been-killed-by-sudan-government-chem.md) _Context: Darfur_
2. [British-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a Save the Children maternity hospital in Kafr Takharim in rebel-held Idlib Governorate is hit by airstrikes. No report on casualties. SOHR also says at least five people are killed and more than 25 injured from airstrikes in another part of the northern Idlib countryside. ](/news/2016/07/29/british-based-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-save-the-children-maternity-hospital-in-kafr-takharim-in-rebel-held-idlib-govern.md) _Context: Save the Children_
3. [According to the Sudanese electoral commission, more than 97% of voters in Darfur choose to remain as five states rather than form a single region. However, The vote was held amid ongoing insecurity and many of Sudan's 2.5 million displaced people were not registered to vote, with the U.S. State Department warning that the referendum could not be considered credible "under current rules and conditions". ](/news/2016/04/23/according-to-the-sudanese-electoral-commission-more-than-97-of-voters-in-darfur-choose-to-remain-as-five-states-rather-than-form-a-single.md) _Context: Darfur_
4. [Voting for a referendum begins in Darfur, Sudan. Voters will be asked during the three-day referendum to decide on the permanent administrative status of the region. The choices are for the creation of a Darfur Region composed of the States of Darfur, or the retention of the status quo states system. Darfur is currently divided into five states. Voters will decide this week whether the area should go back to being one region, as it was until 1994. However, there are fears of voter apathy and if the referendum will be credible. ](/news/2016/04/11/voting-for-a-referendum-begins-in-darfur-sudan-voters-will-be-asked-during-the-three-day-referendum-to-decide-on-the-permanent-administrat.md) _Context: Darfur_
5. [The High Court in Pretoria rules that the President of Sudan Omar Al-Bashir should be arrested in South Africa and detained pending a formal request from the International Criminal Court. However, immediately after the ruling, the South African Government announces that Al-Bashir has already departed. He is wanted in connection with the war in Darfur. ](/news/2015/06/15/the-high-court-in-pretoria-rules-that-the-president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-should-be-arrested-in-south-africa-and-detained-pending-a-formal.md) _Context: Darfur_
6. [Ministry of Interior, Government of Pakistan has suspended its order against the NGO Save the Children for closure of its working and allowed the international aid agency to resume its operation in Pakistan. ](/news/2015/06/14/ministry-of-interior-government-of-pakistan-has-suspended-its-order-against-the-ngo-save-the-children-for-closure-of-its-working-and-allowe.md) _Context: Save the Children_
7. [Pakistan orders the Save the Children NGO to leave the country claiming it supports "anti-Pakistan" activity. ](/news/2015/06/12/pakistan-orders-the-save-the-children-ngo-to-leave-the-country-claiming-it-supports-anti-pakistan-activity.md) _Context: Save the Children_
8. [Federal Interior Ministry of Pakistan has sealed the offices of the NGO Save the Children in Pakistan and issued order for its foreign staff to leave the country within 15 days on account of the NGO's anti-Pakistan activities. ](/news/2015/06/11/federal-interior-ministry-of-pakistan-has-sealed-the-offices-of-the-ngo-save-the-children-in-pakistan-and-issued-order-for-its-foreign-staff.md) _Context: Save the Children_
9. [Sudan's Electoral Commission declares that incumbent President of Sudan Omar al-Bashir won re-election with 94.4 per cent of the vote extending his 25 year rule. He has been indicted multiple times by the International Criminal Court for being personally responsible for war crimes committed in Darfur and elsewhere in Sudan. ](/news/2015/04/27/sudan-s-electoral-commission-declares-that-incumbent-president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-won-re-election-with-94-4-per-cent-of-the-vote-extend.md) _Context: Darfur_
10. [The aid group Save the Children warns that a cholera outbreak in South Sudan, which has so far killed 60 people, threatens thousands of lives. ](/news/2014/07/11/the-aid-group-save-the-children-warns-that-a-cholera-outbreak-in-south-sudan-which-has-so-far-killed-60-people-threatens-thousands-of-live.md) _Context: Save the Children_
