### [2004-12-22](/news/2004/12/22/index.md)

#  The Police Service of Northern Ireland confirm that the haul in last Monday's Northern Bank Belfast bank heist was GBP22 million, comprising GBP1.15 million in new Northern Bank GBP100 and GBP50 notes, GBP12 million in new Northern Bank GBP20 and GBP10 notes, GBP5 million in used Northern Ireland notes issued by various banks, and the remainder in other sterling banknotes. Since Northern Irish notes are rarely seen outside Northern Ireland, the gang may have difficulty in laundering most of their haul. 




### Source:

1. [Scotsman](http://news.scotsman.com/latest.cfm?id=3918845)

### Related:

1. [ Northern Ireland police Chief Constable Hugh Orde publicly accuses the Provisional IRA of the largest bank robbery in U.K. history, now assessed at GBP26.5 million. The money was taken from the Northern Bank in Belfast on December 20. ](/news/2005/01/7/northern-ireland-police-chief-constable-hugh-orde-publicly-accuses-the-provisional-ira-of-the-largest-bank-robbery-in-u-k-history-now-ass.md) _Context: Belfast, GBP, Northern Bank, Police Service of Northern Ireland_
2. [ Irish police arrest four people in Cork and three in Dublin in raids concentrating on the financing of the Provisional IRA. Over 2.3 million pounds sterling were seized in Cork, and GBP60,000 in Northern Bank notes believed to be from the GBP26.5 million robbery in Belfast just before Christmas. Reportedly, among the people arrested are former Sinn Fin councillor Tom Hanlon and someone working in the banking industry. ](/news/2005/02/17/irish-police-arrest-four-people-in-cork-and-three-in-dublin-in-raids-concentrating-on-the-financing-of-the-provisional-ira-over-2-3-millio.md) _Context: Belfast, GBP, Northern Bank_
3. [ Up to GBP30 million are reported stolen from the headquarters of the Northern Bank in Belfast, Northern Ireland. Two members of the bank's senior staff and their families are reported to have been held hostage before the robbery. This is likely to be the second biggest bank robbery in British history, and the fourth largest in the world. ](/news/2004/12/21/up-to-gbp30-million-are-reported-stolen-from-the-headquarters-of-the-northern-bank-in-belfast-northern-ireland-two-members-of-the-bank-s.md) _Context: Belfast, GBP, Northern Bank_
4. [Three Northern Ireland police officers are injured after a bomb is thrown at them while investigating a robbery in West Belfast. ](/news/2010/11/6/three-northern-ireland-police-officers-are-injured-after-a-bomb-is-thrown-at-them-while-investigating-a-robbery-in-west-belfast.md) _Context: Belfast, Police Service of Northern Ireland_
5. [ A 400lb bomb partially explodes outside the headquarters of the Policing Board in Belfast, Northern Ireland. In another incident, three men are arrested after a shooting incident involving PSNI officers in the border village of Garrison, County Fermanagh. ](/news/2009/11/22/a-400lb-bomb-partially-explodes-outside-the-headquarters-of-the-policing-board-in-belfast-northern-ireland-in-another-incident-three-men.md) _Context: Belfast, Police Service of Northern Ireland_
6. [ Two teenagers are arrested by police in connection with racist attacks on Romanians in south Belfast. ](/news/2009/06/19/two-teenagers-are-arrested-by-police-in-connection-with-racist-attacks-on-romanians-in-south-belfast.md) _Context: Belfast, Police Service of Northern Ireland_
7. [ Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) confirm that GBP50,000 in unused Northern Banknotes found at Newforge Country Club, a facility for off-duty and retired police officers, was part of the GBP26 million stolen in the bank robbery. Police still consider it a diversion. ](/news/2005/02/19/police-service-of-northern-ireland-psni-confirm-that-gbp50-000-in-unused-northern-banknotes-found-at-newforge-country-club-a-facility-fo.md) _Context: Northern Bank, Police Service of Northern Ireland_
8. [ Police in Northern Ireland recover an undisclosed sum of money at a sports and social club in Belfast. It is thought to perhaps be a diversion, but it is being investigated. ](/news/2005/02/18/police-in-northern-ireland-recover-an-undisclosed-sum-of-money-at-a-sports-and-social-club-in-belfast-it-is-thought-to-perhaps-be-a-divers.md) _Context: Belfast, Police Service of Northern Ireland_
9. [Former HBOS manager Lynden Scourfield and other bankers and consultants are found guilty of corruption and abuse of power in stealing GBP245 million from the bank and small businesses in a loans scam, which was spent on personal luxuries. Scourfield was sentenced to 11 years in prison. ](/news/2017/02/2/former-hbos-manager-lynden-scourfield-and-other-bankers-and-consultants-are-found-guilty-of-corruption-and-abuse-of-power-in-stealing-agbp24.md) _Context: GBP_
10. [UK Prime Minister Theresa May and Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan sign a GBP100 million defense deal to build new fighter jets. Under the deal, BAE Systems will collaborate with Turkish companies to build the TAI TFX. ](/news/2017/01/28/uk-prime-minister-theresa-may-and-turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-sign-a-agbp100-million-defense-deal-to-build-new-fighter-jets-und.md) _Context: GBP_
