### [2014-10-20](/news/2014/10/20/index.md)

# Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. Turkey will allow Turkish Kurds to join in the fight against ISIL in Kobane. 

Turkey is to allow Iraqi Kurdish fighters to cross the Syrian border to Kobane to fight Islamic State militants, its foreign minister says.


### Source:

1. [AP](http://hosted2.ap.org/APDEFAULT/3d281c11a96b4ad082fe88aa0db04305/Article_2014-10-20-ML-Iraq/id-4a36b3c3d62b4d7c9ad7a1e6c193eaea)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-29685830)

### Related:

1. [Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ISIL forces capture the headquarters of Kurdish forces defending the Syrian border town of Kobane with the United Nations warning of massacre. ](/news/2014/10/10/islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-isil-forces-capture-the-headquarters-of-kurdish-forces-defending-the-syrian-border-town-of-kobane-with.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Kobane, Kurdish_
2. [Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights claims that ISIL militants have captured 60 villages near the Kurdish town of Kobani on the border with Turkey. ](/news/2014/09/20/islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-claims-that-isil-militants-have-captured-60-villages-near-the.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Kurdish, Turkey_
3. [Syria-United States relations. Turkey-United States relations. Despite opposition from Turkey, President Donald Trump authorizes an arms deal with the Syrian Kurds to assist the Syrian Democratic Forces in their fight against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). ](/news/2017/05/9/syria-united-states-relations-turkey-united-states-relations-despite-opposition-from-turkey-president-donald-trump-authorizes-an-arms.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Turkey_
4. [Syrian Civil War. American-led intervention in Syria. At least 47 ISIL militants have been killed by Turkish and U.S.-led bombing raids by fighter jets on the town of al-Bab in the last 24 hours, with the Turkish Armed Forces attacking 135 other ISIL targets in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/02/3/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-at-least-47-isil-militants-have-been-killed-by-turkish-and-u-s-led-bombing-raids-by-f.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Turkey_
5. [Syrian Civil War. Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/syrian-civil-war-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ce.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Turkey_
6. [Turkish military intervention in the Syrian Civil War. Turkish jets hit Kurdish-led Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) militia with 26 airstrikes in three recently-captured-from-ISIL villages west of al-Bab and northeast of Aleppo. The Turkish General Staff says between 160 and 200 have been killed, while the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports 11 dead and dozens of people wounded. ](/news/2016/10/20/turkish-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-turkish-jets-hit-kurdish-led-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-militia-with-26-airstrike.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Turkey_
7. [Turkey-ISIL conflict. A suicide bomber kills three police officers and wounds at least nine people in the southern Turkish city of Gaziantep during a police raid on a suspected ISIL safehouse. ](/news/2016/10/16/turkey-isil-conflict-a-suicide-bomber-kills-three-police-officers-and-wounds-at-least-nine-people-in-the-southern-turkish-city-of-gaziant.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Turkey_
8. [Syrian Civil War. Turkey sends more tanks into northern Syria to continue its offensive against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG). ](/news/2016/08/25/syrian-civil-war-turkey-sends-more-tanks-into-northern-syria-to-continue-its-offensive-against-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-and-kur.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Turkey_
9. [Russia-Turkey relations. Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu says Turkey's cooperation with Russia in combating the Islamic State in Syria does not include Russia's use of its Incirlik Air Base, which some have interpreted from his comments yesterday. ](/news/2016/07/4/russia-turkey-relations-turkish-foreign-minister-mevla1-4t-aavuaoalu-says-turkey-s-cooperation-with-russia-in-combating-the-islamic-stat.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Turkey_
10. [2016 Istanbul airport attack. A Turkish official reports the three suspected Islamic State suicide bombers who killed 44 people and wounded 238 others were Russian, Uzbek, and Kyrgyz nationals. ](/news/2016/06/30/2016-istanbul-airport-attack-a-turkish-official-reports-the-three-suspected-islamic-state-suicide-bombers-who-killed-44-people-and-wounded.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Turkey_
