### [2014-10-20](/news/2014/10/20/index.md)

# War in Donbass. A huge explosion occurs in a rubber factory in the rebel held city of Donetsk with the Russian media claiming it was caused by a missile. The Government of Ukraine denies the charges. 

A huge explosion has rocked the rebel-held city of Donetsk in eastern Ukraine, smashing windows over a radius of several kilometres and sending a vast mushroom cloud up into the sky.


### Source:

1. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/ukraine-crisis-donetsk-explosion-sends-blast-wave-across-rebelheld-city-amid-claims-kiev-fired-tactical-missile-at-factory-9806207.html)

### Related:

1. [War in Donbass. At the Munich Security Conference, a truce between Russian-backed separatists and the Ukrainian army, per the Minsk Protocol, takes effect Monday. Pending a permanent political agreement, Russian President Vladimir Putin orders that civil registration documents issued in separatist-held areas of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine be temporarily recognized. Ukrainian authorities say this violates provisions in the Minsk agreement. This is the third such agreement because the previous two in 2014 and 2015 were violated. Low-level fighting and artillery fire never fully stopped. ](/news/2017/02/18/war-in-donbass-at-the-munich-security-conference-a-truce-between-russian-backed-separatists-and-the-ukrainian-army-per-the-minsk-protocol.md) _Context: Donetsk, Russia, War in Donbass_
2. [War in Donbass. A bomb placed in an elevator shaft kills Pro-Russian, high-ranking officer of the Donetsk People's Republic's special forces, Arseny Pavlov, also known as "Motorola", in Donetsk. ](/news/2016/10/16/war-in-donbass-a-bomb-placed-in-an-elevator-shaft-kills-pro-russian-high-ranking-officer-of-the-donetsk-people-s-republic-s-special-forces.md) _Context: Donetsk, Russia, War in Donbass_
3. [War in Donbass. Three Ukrainian Army soldiers are killed and eight more are injured around separatist-controlled Donetsk and government-controlled Mariupol by Russian-backed separatists. ](/news/2016/05/30/war-in-donbass-three-ukrainian-army-soldiers-are-killed-and-eight-more-are-injured-around-separatist-controlled-donetsk-and-government-cont.md) _Context: Donetsk, Russia, War in Donbass_
4. [War in Donbass. Representatives of the Russian-backed Donetsk People's Republic in Eastern Ukraine say at least five civilians are killed by artillery fire at a checkpoint in the town of Olenivka, with another 10 injured. Kiev denies the accusation. A local border-guard spokesman says there was an explosion at the checkpoint but he saw no artillery fired from either side, suggesting the blast could have been a bomb. ](/news/2016/04/27/war-in-donbass-representatives-of-the-russian-backed-donetsk-people-s-republic-in-eastern-ukraine-say-at-least-five-civilians-are-killed-by.md) _Context: Kiev, Russia, War in Donbass_
5. [War in Donbass. Fighting intensifies near the ceasefire line in eastern Ukraine with both the Government of Ukraine and the rebels blaming each other. The separatist-held cities of Donetsk and Horlivka have been bombed with hundreds of shells and rockets in the last 72 hours. ](/news/2015/08/18/war-in-donbass-fighting-intensifies-near-the-ceasefire-line-in-eastern-ukraine-with-both-the-government-of-ukraine-and-the-rebels-blaming-e.md) _Context: Donetsk, Kiev, War in Donbass_
6. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: War in Donbass:. The pro-Russian separatists in Donetsk, who are now in great danger of being encircled by the Ukraine government forces, renew their calls for Russia to send troops and arms to their aid. ](/news/2014/08/3/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-war-in-donbass-the-pro-russian-separatists-in-donetsk-who-are-now-in-great-danger-of-being-encircled.md) _Context: Donetsk, Russia, War in Donbass_
7. [War in Donbass:. Five artillery shells fired by Ukrainian government forces hit a high-security prison in outskirts of Donetsk, sparking a riot in which 106 inmates escape; the shelling also resulted in the death of one prisoner and the injury of five other prisoners and two guards. ](/news/2014/08/11/war-in-donbass-five-artillery-shells-fired-by-ukrainian-government-forces-hit-a-high-security-prison-in-outskirts-of-donetsk-sparking-a-r.md) _Context: Donetsk, Kiev, War in Donbass_
8. [Ukraine-United States relations. U.S. President Donald Trump and Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, in a telephone call, discuss strengthening the two countries' strategic partnership with particular attention to the conflict in the Donbass, a Ukrainian region that borders Russia. ](/news/2017/02/4/ukraine-united-states-relations-u-s-president-donald-trump-and-ukrainian-president-petro-poroshenko-in-a-telephone-call-discuss-streng.md) _Context: Russia, War in Donbass_
9. [War in Donbass. Russia-Ukraine relations. Ukraine sues Russia at the International Court of Justice, accusing the latter of being engaged in acts of "terrorism" and "discrimination" in eastern Ukraine and Crimea. ](/news/2017/01/16/war-in-donbass-russia-ukraine-relations-ukraine-sues-russia-at-the-international-court-of-justice-accusing-the-latter-of-being-engaged.md) _Context: Russia, War in Donbass_
10. [War in Donbass. The European Union extends its main Ukraine-related economic sanctions against Russia for six months until mid-2017. ](/news/2016/12/15/war-in-donbass-the-european-union-extends-its-main-ukraine-related-economic-sanctions-against-russia-for-six-months-until-mid-2017.md) _Context: Russia, War in Donbass_
