### [2017-02-5](/news/2017/02/5/index.md)

# Following diplomatic mediation by the European Union and the United States, minority Serbs tear down a concrete wall in Mitrovica. The city's majority Albanians regarded the wall as a provocation. 




### Source:

1. [VOA News](http://www.voanews.com/a/serbs-in-metrovica-tear-down-controversial-wall/3707531.html)

### Related:

1. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: European Union, U.S._
2. [Serbian President Tomislav Nikolic accuses Kosovo of "seeking a war" after a train, en route to the Serb-majority city of Mitrovica in North Kosovo, and decorated in Serbian national colors and the words "''Kosovo je Srbija''" (Kosovo is Serbia), was prevented from crossing the Kosovan border. The Prime Minister of Kosovo Isa Mustafa says the train had been stopped "to protect the country's sovereignty". ](/news/2017/01/15/serbian-president-tomislav-nikolia-accuses-kosovo-of-seeking-a-war-after-a-train-en-route-to-the-serb-majority-city-of-mitrovica-in-nort.md) _Context: Mitrovica, Serbs_
3. [The  report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council -- the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union -- calls on Israel to end  settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on  Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, "The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-a-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-a.md) _Context: European Union, U.S._
4. [Both Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide  and Marriott International   shareholders  approve Marriott's acquisition of Starwood, which will create the world's largest  hotelier.   The deal has cleared the pre-merger antitrust reviews in the United States and Canada; approvals from the European Union and China is pending. Last week, Anbang Insurance Group topped Marriott's bid, then withdrew their offer three days later. ](/news/2016/04/8/both-starwood-hotels-and-resorts-worldwide-and-marriott-international-shareholders-approve-marriott-s-acquisition-of-starwood-which-wil.md) _Context: European Union, U.S._
5. [Mayor of London and cabinet member Boris Johnson says that U.S. President Barack Obama is "inconsistent and hypocritical" in persuading the British people to remain in the European Union. ](/news/2016/04/22/mayor-of-london-and-cabinet-member-boris-johnson-says-that-u-s-president-barack-obama-is-inconsistent-and-hypocritical-in-persuading-the.md) _Context: European Union, U.S._
6. [U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron, at the upcoming Nuclear Security Summit in Washington, D.C.,   will announce  a three-way deal with the United States and Euratom, the European Union nuclear agency, to turn nuclear waste into medical isotopes to help fight cancer. ](/news/2016/03/30/u-k-prime-minister-david-cameron-at-the-upcoming-nuclear-security-summit-in-washington-d-c-will-announce-a-three-way-deal-with-the-u.md) _Context: European Union, U.S._
7. [The European Union and the United States advise interim Macedonian Prime Minister Emil Dimitriev to postpone elections scheduled for April 24, 2016. ](/news/2016/02/21/the-european-union-and-the-united-states-advise-interim-macedonian-prime-minister-emil-dimitriev-to-postpone-elections-scheduled-for-april-2.md) _Context: European Union, U.S._
8. [The International Atomic Energy Agency states that Iran has complied with its commitments under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, paving the way for international sanctions to be lifted by the United States and European Union. ](/news/2016/01/16/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-states-that-iran-has-complied-with-its-commitments-under-the-joint-comprehensive-plan-of-action-pavi.md) _Context: European Union, U.S._
9. [The leader of Poland's Democracy Defence Committee, Mateusz Kijowski, says the government has "broken the country" after Polish President, Andrzej Duda, enacted a measure curbing the powers of the country's  highest legislative court, the Constitutional Tribunal, despite protests and warnings from the European Union. Kijowski further called for foreign intervention in the country from "Europe and the United States" to topple the Law and Justice (PiS) government, saying "they must help us, otherwise Poland will leave the community of democracies". After news broke that Duda had signed into law the constitutional tribunal bill, he made a speech on television defending his move. Polish newspaper Gazeta Wyborcza quoted U.S. sources saying Barack Obama had objections and had let it be known he would delay meeting Duda. The newspaper also suggested Poland's hosting of the next NATO summit, planned for July 2016, was in the balance. ](/news/2015/12/28/the-leader-of-poland-s-democracy-defence-committee-mateusz-kijowski-says-the-government-has-broken-the-country-after-polish-president-a.md) _Context: European Union, U.S._
10. [American pharmaceutical companies Pfizer and Allergan, Plc announce plans to merge to form the world's largest drug company. The merger is subject to approval from regulators in the U.S., European Union and elsewhere as well as approval by shareholders of both companies. If approved, the deal will reduce tax revenue paid to the U.S. by approximately $930 million.  ](/news/2015/11/23/american-pharmaceutical-companies-pfizer-and-allergan-plc-announce-plans-to-merge-to-form-the-world-s-largest-drug-company-the-merger-is-s.md) _Context: European Union, U.S._
