### [2017-02-5](/news/2017/02/5/index.md)

# U.S. immigration suspension, ''State of Washington v. Trump''Trump's travel ban remains suspended as the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denies the Justice Department's request to stay the ruling which blocks major portions of the executive order. 

The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals denied a Trump administration request to halt a suspension of the Trump order. It means the order remains suspended.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2017/02/05/us/iran-us-wrestling-team/)
2. [NPR](http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2017/02/04/513415447/airlines-again-board-travelers-barred-by-travel-order-as-trump-vows-to-fight)

### Related:

1. [The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling  that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and  let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of  the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision  on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-may-25-ruling-that-affirmed-the.md) _Context: Appeals Court of  the Ninth Circuit, United States Department of Justice_
2. [U.S. immigration suspension, ''State of Washington v. Trump''The Department of Homeland Security says it has stopped enforcing the executive order per Judge James Robart's ruling in ''State of Washington v. Trump''. The State Department activates visas that had been previously suspended because of this order. ](/news/2017/02/4/u-s-immigration-suspension-state-of-washington-v-trump-pthe-department-of-homeland-security-says-it-has-stopped-enforcing-the-executiv.md) _Context: President Donald Trump's travel ban, State of Washington v. Trump_
3. [The U.S. Justice Department tells the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals that it won't be seeking further action by the court since this executive order will soon be replaced by a different one.  Justice added they expect the Ninth Circuit ruling will be vacated once the new executive order is issued. ](/news/2017/02/16/the-u-s-justice-department-tells-the-ninth-circuit-court-of-appeals-that-it-won-t-be-seeking-further-action-by-the-court-since-this-executi.md) _Context: Appeals Court of  the Ninth Circuit, United States Department of Justice_
4. [A United States Court of Appeals rules that the Department of Justice, per the Rohrabacher-Farr amendment,  cannot spend money to prosecute federal marijuana cases if the defendants comply with state medical marijuana laws.  ](/news/2016/08/16/a-united-states-court-of-appeals-rules-that-the-department-of-justice-per-the-rohrabacher-farr-amendment-cannot-spend-money-to-prosecute.md) _Context: Appeals Court of  the Ninth Circuit, United States Department of Justice_
5. [After ''The Intercept'' publishes a classified NSA document describing Russian efforts to launch cyberattacks on U.S. voting software suppliers, the United States Department of Justice announces it had brought charges upon Reality Winner, the alleged leaker. ](/news/2017/06/5/after-the-intercept-publishes-a-classified-nsa-document-describing-russian-efforts-to-launch-cyberattacks-on-u-s-voting-software-suppli.md) _Context: United States Department of Justice_
6. [Citing a drop in demand, the Dubai-based, United Arab Emirates-owned airline Emirates Air announces a cut in flights to five of its 12 U.S. destinations.  The airline's Dubai hub, third-busiest in the world, is a major stop for travelers in countries affected by President Donald Trump's travel ban, and is also one of several Middle East airports affected by a U.S. ban on tablets, laptops, and similar devices in the passenger cabin. ](/news/2017/04/19/citing-a-drop-in-demand-the-dubai-based-united-arab-emirates-owned-airline-emirates-air-announces-a-cut-in-flights-to-five-of-its-12-u-s.md) _Context: President Donald Trump's travel ban_
7. [U.S. President Donald Trump signs a revised version of Executive Order 13769 eliminating Iraq from the order and reducing the indefinite suspension of Syrian refugees to 120 days. The order will be in effect on March 16, 2017. ](/news/2017/03/6/u-s-president-donald-trump-signs-a-revised-version-of-executive-order-13769-eliminating-iraq-from-the-order-and-reducing-the-indefinite-sus.md) _Context: President Donald Trump's travel ban_
8. [The appeal of the Trump administration is denied as the 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals said it would not block a lower-court ruling that brought the president's executive order to a halt. ](/news/2017/02/9/the-appeal-of-the-trump-administration-is-denied-as-the-9th-us-circuit-court-of-appeals-said-it-would-not-block-a-lower-court-ruling-that-br.md) _Context: Appeals Court of  the Ninth Circuit_
9. [The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals holds a hearing, by telephone, for the U.S. Justice Department and plaintiffs (states of Washington and Minnesota) arguments whether or not to reinstate the travel ban suspended on Friday by U.S. District Court Judge James Robart. Judge Michelle Friedland states the court will work to deliver its decision quickly. ](/news/2017/02/7/the-ninth-circuit-court-of-appeals-holds-a-hearing-by-telephone-for-the-u-s-justice-department-and-plaintiffs-states-of-washington-and-m.md) _Context: Appeals Court of  the Ninth Circuit_
10. [The State Department memorandum about concerns with this travel ban is submitted to acting Secretary of State Tom Shannon through the federal government's Dissent Channel. This protest memo had between 900-1,000 signatures. Department officials said these signatures are far more than any dissent cable in recent years, adding more diplomats want to add their names to it. ](/news/2017/01/31/the-state-department-memorandum-about-concerns-with-this-travel-ban-is-submitted-to-acting-secretary-of-state-tom-shannon-through-the-federa.md) _Context: President Donald Trump's travel ban_
