### [2011-01-7](/news/2011/01/7/index.md)

# Israeli troops round up five men and kill a 67-year-old Palestinian man during an operation into the West Bank, aiming at arresting members of Hamas. 

IDF raided Hebron to re-arrest Hamas members, including senior member who assisted man who planned 2008 suicide bombing in Dimona.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-12133918)
2. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/news/diplomacy-defense/idf-says-it-regrets-killing-civilian-in-hebron-raid-but-defends-operation-1.335781?localLinksEnabled=false)
3. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/MiddleEast/Article.aspx?id=202597)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: The Israeli Defense Force launches Operation First Rain, a series of air strikes on Palestinian targets in the Gaza Strip, including an alleged Hamas weapons factory and a children's school. According to Israel the operation's goal is to stop shelling of southern Israeli towns and villages by Palestinian militants, though several civilians have been injured, including an infant. At least 200 Palestinians have been arrested in overnight IDF raids in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/25/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-the-israeli-defense-force-launches-operation-first-rain-a-series-of-air-strikes-on-palestinian-targets-in-t.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel Defense Forces, Palestinian, West Bank_
2. [Palestinian footballer Mahmoud Sarsak turns down an FC Barcelona offer to attend an El Clasico game, after Gilad Shalit, an Israeli soldier who had been held captive in Gaza for five years, is also invited. A Hamas spokesperson asked the media not to broadcast the game. ](/news/2012/10/1/palestinian-footballer-mahmoud-sarsak-turns-down-an-fc-barcelona-offer-to-attend-an-el-cla-sico-game-after-gilad-shalit-an-israeli-soldier.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel Defense Forces, Palestinian_
3. [The Israel Defense Forces continue airstrikes against Hamas in the Gaza Strip as the number of Palestinian casualties approaches 300. ](/news/2008/12/28/the-israel-defense-forces-continue-airstrikes-against-hamas-in-the-gaza-strip-as-the-number-of-palestinian-casualties-approaches-300.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel Defense Forces, Palestinian_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict:  Israeli troops, who are still in the process of withdrawing from Gaza, shoot dead a Palestinian teenager as he and about 50 others breach a fence around the evacuated Israeli settlement of Gush Katif and climbed atop of IDF tanks. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220914.stm (BBC)] [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/621804.html (Haaretz)] The Israeli Minister for Education, Limor Livnat, has called on her government to expand Israeli settlements in the West Bank as "dividend" of the pullout of the Gaza Strip. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220300.stm (BBC)], [http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13718&Itemid=1 (IMEMC)] The Israeli Housing Minister, Isaac Herzog, told Israel Radio that Israel does not intend to construct in E1 the area between the Maale Adumim Israeli settlement and Jerusalem in the coming years, adding that Israeli government statements to the contrary were part of the "internal conflict" at the Likud party. ([http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13724&Itemid=1 IMEMC])](/news/2005/09/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-israeli-troops-who-are-still-in-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-gaza-shoot-dead-a-palestinian-teenager-as.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Palestinian, West Bank_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli airstrikes on Palestinian areas continue.  IDF planes and artillery strike Gaza knocking out power to parts of the city, destroy a bridge in Beit Hanoun, fire missiles at a Fatah Youth Centre, an office and a refugee camp in the central Gaza Strip. Israeli troops later raided offices of Hamas and Islamic Jihad in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/28/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-areas-continue-idf-planes-and-artillery-strike-gaza-knocking-out-power-to.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel Defense Forces, West Bank_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: An Israeli settler kills 3 Palestinian civilians in the West Bank.  The attack was condemned by Ariel Sharon as a "Jewish Terror act" and "twisted thinking" while Hamas claimed the right to avenge the deaths. ](/news/2005/08/17/israeli-palestinian-conflict-an-israeli-settler-kills-3-palestinian-civilians-in-the-west-bank-the-attack-was-condemned-by-ariel-sharon.md) _Context: Hamas, Palestinian, West Bank_
7. [An Israeli soldier is killed during a car ramming attack near Ofra, in the West Bank. Another Israeli soldier was injured. A Palestinian suspected of committing the attack is taken into custody. ](/news/2017/04/6/an-israeli-soldier-is-killed-during-a-car-ramming-attack-near-ofra-in-the-west-bank-another-israeli-soldier-was-injured-a-palestinian-sus.md) _Context: Palestinian, West Bank_
8. [A rock throwing 19-year old Palestinian is killed by IDF troops amid clashes in the West Bank village of Beit Rima. ](/news/2016/12/18/a-rock-throwing-19-year-old-palestinian-is-killed-by-idf-troops-amid-clashes-in-the-west-bank-village-of-beit-rima.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, West Bank_
9. [Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israel-border-there-were-no-casualti.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel Defense Forces_
10. [Israeli security forces arrest 18 Palestinians on the West Bank for alleged terrorism related offences. ](/news/2016/04/11/israeli-security-forces-arrest-18-palestinians-on-the-west-bank-for-alleged-terrorism-related-offences.md) _Context: Palestinian, West Bank_
