### [2003-10-23](/news/2003/10/23/index.md)

#  Luis A. Ferre, the third Democratically Elected Governor of Puerto Rico, dies at age 99.




### Related:

1. [  Hurricane Maria makes landfall on Puerto Rico as a Category 4 hurricane. Effects are disastrous and the entire island loses power. Seven deaths are reported on Puerto Rico, along with two on Guadeloupe. Puerto Rican Governor Ricardo Rossello declares a 6:00 p.m. to 6:00 a.m. curfew through Saturday. ](/news/2017/09/20/hurricane-maria-makes-landfall-on-puerto-rico-as-a-category-4-hurricane-effects-are-disastrous-and-the-entire-island-loses-power-seven-d.md) _Context: Puerto Rican Governor_
2. [Puerto Rico defaults on a $422 million debt payment. The Governor of Puerto Rico Alejandro Garcia Padilla calls the situation a "humanitarian crisis". This is the third time Puerto Rico has defaulted on bond payments. ](/news/2016/05/2/puerto-rico-defaults-on-a-422-million-debt-payment-the-governor-of-puerto-rico-alejandro-garcaa-padilla-calls-the-situation-a-humanitari.md) _Context: Puerto Rican Governor_
3. [Puerto Rico Governor Alejandro Garcia Padilla says the Commonwealth will default on a $422 million bond payment due Monday. Garcia Padilla says debt payments have been suspended in order to pay for essential services for the 3.5 million American citizens. Congress has been unable to pass a debt restructuring bill for Puerto Rico. ](/news/2016/05/1/puerto-rico-governor-alejandro-garcaa-padilla-says-the-commonwealth-will-default-on-a-422-million-bond-payment-due-monday-garcaa-padilla.md) _Context: Puerto Rican Governor_
4. [Puerto Rican Governor Alejandro Garcia Padilla announces he declared a state of emergency at the Commonwealth's Government Development Bank yesterday, which allows withdrawals only to fund necessary costs for health, public safety, and education services. Without this measure and debt restructuring, the United States territory would be forced to default as it faces nearly $2.5 billion in bond payments from May through July. ](/news/2016/04/9/puerto-rican-governor-alejandro-garcaa-padilla-announces-he-adeclared-a-state-of-emergency-at-the-commonwealth-s-government-development-ba.md) _Context: Puerto Rican Governor_
5. [The Governor of Puerto Rico, Alejandro Garca Padilla, says that Puerto Rico's debts are "not payable". ](/news/2015/06/28/the-governor-of-puerto-rico-alejandro-garcia-padilla-says-that-puerto-rico-s-debts-are-not-payable.md) _Context: Puerto Rican Governor_
6. [Luis Fortuo, the Governor of the US Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, submits a plan for a two-part referendum to change the islands's status. ](/news/2011/10/5/luis-fortuno-the-governor-of-the-us-commonwealth-of-puerto-rico-submits-a-plan-for-a-two-part-referendum-to-change-the-islands-s-status.md) _Context: Puerto Rican Governor_
7. [ Luis Fortuno is sworn in as Governor of Puerto Rico. ](/news/2009/01/2/luis-fortua-o-is-sworn-in-as-governor-of-puerto-rico.md) _Context: Puerto Rican Governor_
8. [ Puerto Rican Governor Anbal Salvador Acevedo Vil and twelve others are charged with electoral fraud. ](/news/2008/03/27/puerto-rican-governor-anibal-salvador-acevedo-vila-and-twelve-others-are-charged-with-electoral-fraud.md) _Context: Puerto Rican Governor_
9. [ The Governor of Puerto Rico, Anbal Acevedo Vil, signs an executive order in which the government's budget will be exclusively used for health and security services. 43 agencies of the government will be shut down, while 15 will provide services partially. Another 60 will continue operating normally. The order is a result of the budget running dry before the end of the fiscal year. ](/news/2006/04/26/the-governor-of-puerto-rico-anibal-acevedo-vila-signs-an-executive-order-in-which-the-government-s-budget-will-be-exclusively-used-for-he.md) _Context: Puerto Rican Governor_
