### [2003-10-23](/news/2003/10/23/index.md)

#  United States Supreme Court: Before a conservative legal organization, Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia ridicules the recent Supreme Court decision overturning anti-sodomy laws in Texas, saying that the Court had "held to be a constitutional right what had been a criminal offense at the time of the founding and for nearly 200 years thereafter." According to news reports, Scalia adopted a mocking tone to read from the court's ruling.




### Related:

1. [The Supreme Court of the United States strikes down a law that would have required abortion clinics in Texas to upgrade in order to meet new "hospital-like" standards. Supporters of abortion rights said that the proposed law would force nearly all abortion clinics in the state to shut down, while their opponents argued for women's health benefits. ](/news/2016/06/27/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-strikes-down-a-law-that-would-have-required-abortion-clinics-in-texas-to-upgrade-in-order-to-meet-new.md) _Context: Texas, United States Supreme Court_
2. [A United States federal district judge rules unconstitutional a provision in an Alabama state law that requires doctors who perform abortions to have admitting privileges at a local hospital. A Florida law enacted today contains a comparable provision to Alabama's. The U.S. Supreme Court heard arguments a few weeks ago on the constitutionality of similar abortion restrictions in Texas. ](/news/2016/03/25/a-united-states-federal-district-judge-rules-unconstitutional-a-provision-in-an-alabama-state-law-that-requires-doctors-who-perform-abortion.md) _Context: Texas, United States Supreme Court_
3. [ President Barack Obama nominates Merrick Garland to replace Antonin Scalia on the Supreme Court of the United States. ](/news/2016/03/16/president-barack-obama-nominates-merrick-garland-to-replace-antonin-scalia-on-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: Antonin Scalia, United States Supreme Court_
4. [United States Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia dies at age 79. ](/news/2016/02/13/united-states-supreme-court-justice-antonin-scalia-dies-at-age-79.md) _Context: Antonin Scalia, United States Supreme Court_
5. [The U.S. Supreme Court rejected a request from Texas and other states for a 30-day extension to file legal briefs in support of the lawsuit to block the immigration plan. Instead, the justices accepted the Justice Department's request for a shortened eight-day extension, meaning that if the court decides to take the case, a decision would probably come by late June. The court is not expected to decide until January whether to take the case. ](/news/2015/12/1/the-u-s-supreme-court-rejected-a-request-from-texas-and-other-states-for-a-30-day-extension-to-file-legal-briefs-in-support-of-the-lawsuit.md) _Context: Texas, United States Supreme Court_
6. [The Supreme Court of the United States halts the execution of Duane Buck for double murder in Texas while it reviews his case that the sentence was unfair because of a question asked about race during his trial. ](/news/2011/09/15/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-halts-the-execution-of-duane-buck-for-double-murder-in-texas-while-it-reviews-his-case-that-the-sente.md) _Context: Texas, United States Supreme Court_
7. [ US Supreme Court Associate Justice Antonin Scalia refuses to recuse himself from a case&nbsp;- involving his friend Dick Cheney&nbsp;- considering whether the White House must release information about private meetings of Cheney's energy task force stating that duck hunting and fishing trip "was not an intimate setting" and that the energy case was never discussed. ](/news/2004/03/18/us-supreme-court-associate-justice-antonin-scalia-refuses-to-recuse-himself-from-a-case-nbsp-a-involving-his-friend-dick-cheney-nbsp-a.md) _Context: Antonin Scalia, United States Supreme Court_
8. [Qatar announces it will donate USD$ 30 million to help people in Texas recover from Harvey. ](/news/2017/09/7/qatar-announces-it-will-donate-usd-30-million-to-help-people-in-texas-recover-from-harvey.md) _Context: Texas_
9. [The United States Supreme Court confirms (5-4) a temporary stay of a lower court ruling which would have required Texas to undergo new redistricting of congressional districts with large Hispanic and African American populations. The ruling was made in advance of a formal hearing on the gerrymandering case, "Abbott v. Perez", which has no scheduled hearing date yet. ](/news/2017/09/13/the-united-states-supreme-court-confirms-5a4-a-temporary-stay-of-a-lower-court-ruling-which-would-have-required-texas-to-undergo-new-red.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
10. [At least eight people have died in the American state of Texas with 30,000 residents in the city of Houston expected to seek temporary shelter. ](/news/2017/08/28/at-least-eight-people-have-died-in-the-american-state-of-texas-with-30-000-residents-in-the-city-of-houston-expected-to-seek-temporary-shelt.md) _Context: Texas_
