
Formats: [HTML](/news/2005/02/10/iraqi-officials-announce-they-must-recount-around-300-ballot-boxes-due-to-various-discrepancies-delaying-the-final-results-in-salman-pak.html)  [JSON](/news/2005/02/10/iraqi-officials-announce-they-must-recount-around-300-ballot-boxes-due-to-various-discrepancies-delaying-the-final-results-in-salman-pak.json)  [XML](/news/2005/02/10/iraqi-officials-announce-they-must-recount-around-300-ballot-boxes-due-to-various-discrepancies-delaying-the-final-results-in-salman-pak.xml)  

### [2005-02-10](/news/2005/02/10/index.md)

##### Iraq
#  Iraqi officials announce they must recount around 300 ballot boxes due to various discrepancies, delaying the final results. In Salman Pak south of Baghdad, guerrillas attack a police station killing at least eight Iraqi policemen and wounding more than 60. Three people are killed when a car bomb is detonated in Baghdad. Also in the capital, the bodies of 20 truck drivers are found and guerrillas ambush a convoy of Kurdish party officials, killing one and wounding four. In Basra, guerrillas kill an Iraqi journalist working for the U.S.-funded al-Hurra TV station and his 3-year-old son as they leave their home. A roadside bomb in Samarra leaves four policemen dead. 

Get the latest international news and world events from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews.com


### Sources:

1. [ABC](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory?id=486736)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4253005.stm)

### Changes:

1. [ Conflict in Iraq: Iraqi officials announce they must recount around 300 ballot boxes due to various discrepancies, delaying the final results. In Salman Pak south of Baghdad, guerrillas attack a police station killing at least eight Iraqi policemen and wounding more than 60. Three people are killed when a car bomb is detonated in Baghdad. Also in the capital, the bodies of 20 truck drivers are found and guerrillas ambush a convoy of Kurdish party officials, killing one and wounding four. In Basra, guerrillas kill an Iraqi journalist working for the U.S.-funded al-Hurra TV station and his 3-year-old son as they leave their home. A roadside bomb in Samarra leaves four policemen dead. ](/news/2005/02/10/conflict-in-iraq-p-iraqi-officials-announce-they-must-recount-around-300-ballot-boxes-due-to-various-discrepancies-delaying-the-final-resu.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:16 (First version)_
2. [ Conflict in Iraq:: Iraqi officials announce they must recount around 300 ballot boxes due to various discrepancies, delaying the final results.: In Salman Pak south of Baghdad, guerrillas attack a police station killing at least eight Iraqi policemen and wounding more than 60.: Three people are killed when a car bomb is detonated in Baghdad.: Also in the capital, the bodies of 20 truck drivers are found and guerrillas ambush a convoy of Kurdish party officials, killing one and wounding four.: In Basra, guerrillas kill an Iraqi journalist working for the U.S.-funded al-Hurra TV station and his 3-year-old son as they leave their home.: A roadside bomb in Samarra leaves four policemen dead. ](/news/2005/02/10/conflict-in-iraq-iraqi-officials-announce-they-must-recount-around-300-ballot-boxes-due-to-various-discrepancies-delaying-the-final-resu.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:16 (Update)_
2. [ Iraqi officials announce they must recount around 300 ballot boxes due to various discrepancies, delaying the final results. In Salman Pak south of Baghdad, guerrillas attack a police station killing at least eight Iraqi policemen and wounding more than 60. Three people are killed when a car bomb is detonated in Baghdad. Also in the capital, the bodies of 20 truck drivers are found and guerrillas ambush a convoy of Kurdish party officials, killing one and wounding four. In Basra, guerrillas kill an Iraqi journalist working for the U.S.-funded al-Hurra TV station and his 3-year-old son as they leave their home. A roadside bomb in Samarra leaves four policemen dead. ](/news/2005/02/10/iraqi-officials-announce-they-must-recount-around-300-ballot-boxes-due-to-various-discrepancies-delaying-the-final-results-in-salman-pak.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [Iraqi engineers warn that the Mosul Dam could collapse at anytime, resulting in a catastrophic flash flood that could kill up to one million people along the Tigris, with the major Iraqi cites of Mosul, Tikrit, Samarra and Baghdad all at risk. The U.S. embassy in Baghdad has urged American citizens to leave the area. ](/news/2016/03/2/iraqi-engineers-warn-that-the-mosul-dam-could-collapse-at-anytime-resulting-in-a-catastrophic-flash-flood-that-could-kill-up-to-one-million.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Samarra_
2. [A major Switzerland based commodities firm, Trafigura, played a "pivotal" role in the ability of the semi-autonomous Kurdish region of Iraq to export oil, exports that the central government in Baghdad has prohibited. ](/news/2014/12/2/a-major-switzerland-based-commodities-firm-trafigura-played-a-pivotal-role-in-the-ability-of-the-semi-autonomous-kurdish-region-of-iraq.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Kurd_
3. [At least 33 people are killed and dozens more are injured in bombings in Baghdad, Kirkuk and Samarra in Iraq's worst violence in weeks. ](/news/2012/04/19/at-least-33-people-are-killed-and-dozens-more-are-injured-in-bombings-in-baghdad-kirkuk-and-samarra-in-iraq-s-worst-violence-in-weeks.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Samarra_
4. [The United States flag is lowered in Baghdad marking the end of U.S. military operations in Iraq after eight years of the Iraq War. ](/news/2011/12/15/the-united-states-flag-is-lowered-in-baghdad-marking-the-end-of-u-s-military-operations-in-iraq-after-eight-years-of-the-iraq-war.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, United States_
5. [ U.S. forces pull out of Baghdad and leave major cities across Iraq. ](/news/2009/06/30/u-s-forces-pull-out-of-baghdad-and-leave-major-cities-across-iraq.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, United States_
