### [2005-02-10](/news/2005/02/10/index.md)

#  North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea announces that it has developed nuclear weapons for its self-defense, and suspends participation in multi-nation talks to discuss its arms program. 

Get the latest breaking news and top news headlines at Reuters.com


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=7588568)

### Related:

1. [ North Korea launches its fifth missile since testing a nuclear weapon on May 25. ](/news/2009/05/27/north-korea-launches-its-fifth-missile-since-testing-a-nuclear-weapon-on-may-25.md) _Context: North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, nuclear warheads_
2. [ North Korea claims to have "weaponized" 30.8 kilograms of plutonium, enough for four to five nuclear warheads. ](/news/2009/01/17/north-korea-claims-to-have-weaponized-30-8-kilograms-of-plutonium-enough-for-four-to-five-nuclear-warheads.md) _Context: North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, nuclear warheads_
3. [North Korea test-launches what is presumed to be its first intercontinental ballistic missile 933 kilometers  into the Sea of Japan within Japan's Exclusive Economic Zone. An American expert theorizes the ICBM, which reached an altitude of 2,802 km, could potentially reach the U.S. state of Alaska. ](/news/2017/07/4/north-korea-test-launches-what-is-presumed-to-be-its-first-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-933-kilometers-into-the-sea-of-japan-within-j.md) _Context: North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
4. [North Korea launches an intercontinental ballistic missile that flies 620 miles horizontally in about 45 minutes, landing in the Sea of Japan, according to Japan, South Korea and the United States.  ](/news/2017/07/28/north-korea-launches-an-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-that-flies-620-miles-horizontally-in-about-45-minutes-landing-in-the-sea-of-japa.md) _Context: North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
5. [As a result of North Korea's repeated missile tests, the United Nations Security Council expands its targeted sanctions against the country, adding to the U.N. blacklist four entities, including the Koryo Bank and the Army's Strategic Rocket Force, and 14 people, including the North's head of  intelligence operations. ](/news/2017/06/2/as-a-result-of-north-korea-s-repeated-missile-tests-the-united-nations-security-council-expands-its-targeted-sanctions-against-the-country.md) _Context: North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
6. [North Korea launches a Short-Range Ballistic missile near Wonsan towards the Sea of Japan, according to South Korea. The missile reportedly lands in Japan's exclusive economic zone (EEZ) after traveling 450 km. ](/news/2017/05/29/north-korea-launches-a-short-range-ballistic-missile-near-wansan-towards-the-sea-of-japan-according-to-south-korea-the-missile-reportedly.md) _Context: North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
7. [North Korea's official Korean Central News Agency reports the country's leader, Kim Jong-un, has approved deployment of the  Pukguksong-2 intermediate-range ballistic missile, and ordered mass production  of the system. The United Nations Security Council will hold a closed-door session Tuesday to discuss the test. ](/news/2017/05/22/north-koreaas-official-korean-central-news-agency-reports-the-country-s-leader-kim-jong-un-has-approved-deployment-of-the-pukguksong-2.md) _Context: North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
8. [South Korea reports North Korea fired a Pukguksong-2 intermediate-range ballistic missile that flew 500 km before landing in the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2017/05/21/south-korea-reports-north-korea-fired-a-pukguksong-2-intermediate-range-ballistic-missile-that-flew-500-km-before-landing-in-the-sea-of-japa.md) _Context: North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
9. [  North Korea vows to accelerate its nuclear weapons programme to "maximum pace" and test a nuclear device "at any time" in response to U.S. President Donald Trump's aggressive stance towards the regime. ](/news/2017/05/2/north-korea-vows-to-accelerate-its-nuclear-weapons-programme-to-amaximum-pacea-and-test-a-nuclear-device-aat-any-timea-in-response.md) _Context: North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
10. [U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435|mi|km reaching an altitude of more than 1245|mi|km before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60|mi|km south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launched-a-test-missile-from-the-west-coast-city-of-kusong-the-projectile-travelle.md) _Context: North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
