### [2005-02-10](/news/2005/02/10/index.md)

#  Saudi Arabia starts its first nationwide municipal elections. Voting is limited to men in Riyadh and voters elect only half of the municipal councils; the other half is appointed by the monarchy. Other regions are scheduled to hold elections next month. 

Find late breaking world news from every corner of the globe at Reuters.com, your online source for international news coverage.


### Source:

1. [Arab News](http://www.arabnews.com/?page=1&section=0&article=58768&d=10&m=2&y=2005&pix=kingdom.jpg&category=Kingdom)
2. [Khaleej Times](http://www.khaleejtimes.com/DisplayArticle.asp?xfile=data/middleeast/2005/February/middleeast_February294.xml&section=middleeast)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=7588403)
4. [World Peace Herald](http://www.wpherald.com/storyview.php?StoryID=20050207-094045-9469r)

### Related:

1. [Pakistani prime minister Nawaz Sharif and army chief General Raheel Sharif will visit Riyadh on Monday and Tehran on Tuesday to launch mediation efforts between Iran and Saudi Arabia for normalization of relations and to ease the tensions in the region after Saudi Arabia executed a prominent Shia cleric Sheikh Nimr and an attack on the Saudi Embassy in Tehran. ](/news/2016/01/17/pakistani-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-and-army-chief-general-raheel-sharif-will-visit-riyadh-on-monday-and-tehran-on-tuesday-to-launch-media.md) _Context: Riyadh, Saudi Arabia_
2. [Pakistan says it was surprised to learn of the country's inclusion in Saudi Arabia's so-called "Islamic anti-terrorist alliance", and that Pakistan was not consulted before inclusion in the alliance by the Saudis. Pakistan's Foreign Secretary Aizaz Ahmad Chaudhry says he has asked the country's ambassador in Riyadh to get a clarification from Saudi Arabia on the matter. Malaysia has also denied any involvement in Saudi Arabia's military coalition to counter terrorism. ](/news/2015/12/16/pakistan-says-it-was-surprised-to-learn-of-the-country-s-inclusion-in-saudi-arabia-s-so-called-islamic-anti-terrorist-alliance-and-that-p.md) _Context: Riyadh, Saudi Arabia_
3. [Saudi Arabia announces the formation of a 34-member Islamic Military Alliance against terrorism including Egypt, Qatar, the United Arab Emirates, Turkey, Malaysia and Pakistan with a joint operations centre based in Riyadh. ](/news/2015/12/15/saudi-arabia-announces-the-formation-of-a-34-member-islamic-military-alliance-against-terrorism-including-egypt-qatar-the-united-arab-emir.md) _Context: Riyadh, Saudi Arabia_
4. [Unofficial results show at least 17 Saudi Arabian women won municipal council seats in the kingdom's third-ever election, and the first to allow female participation. Voters elected representatives for two thirds of the municipal council seats. The government announced that 979 women were candidates. ](/news/2015/12/13/unofficial-results-show-at-least-17-saudi-arabian-women-won-municipal-council-seats-in-the-kingdom-s-third-ever-election-and-the-first-to-a.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, kingdom's_
5. [Syrian opposition politicians and rebels, attending a two-day meeting hosted by Saudi Arabia in Riyadh, agree on a framework that would guide proposed talks to end Syria's nearly five-year conflict: a civil, democratic Syria with a transitional government that would respect human rights and the territorial integrity of the country; and, safeguard state institutions while restructuring security forces. Ahrar ash-Sham, a Saudi-backed ultraconservative group, withdrew from the talks at the end of the meeting. ](/news/2015/12/10/syrian-opposition-politicians-and-rebels-attending-a-two-day-meeting-hosted-by-saudi-arabia-in-riyadh-agree-on-a-framework-that-would-guid.md) _Context: Riyadh, Saudi Arabia_
6. [Saudi Arabia's official news agency reports that a hand grenade explosion at the King Abdulaziz military academy in Riyadh kills one cadet and injures nine. ](/news/2012/10/16/saudi-arabiaas-official-news-agency-reports-that-a-hand-grenade-explosion-at-the-king-abdulaziz-military-academy-in-riyadh-kills-one-cadet.md) _Context: Riyadh, Saudi Arabia_
7. [ Arab and Middle East leaders meet in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia to discuss reviving the Middle East peace process. ](/news/2007/03/28/arab-and-middle-east-leaders-meet-in-riyadh-saudi-arabia-to-discuss-reviving-the-middle-east-peace-process.md) _Context: Riyadh, Saudi Arabia_
8. [ Forty Pakistani Christians are arrested in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia for practicing their religion in violation of a Saudi law forbidding the practice of any religion but Islam. ](/news/2005/04/24/forty-pakistani-christians-are-arrested-in-riyadh-saudi-arabia-for-practicing-their-religion-in-violation-of-a-saudi-law-forbidding-the-pr.md) _Context: Riyadh, Saudi Arabia_
9. [ Seventeen people are killed and more than 120 are injured, many of them children, in a midnight car bomb attack in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Suspicions immediately fall on the terrorist movement al-Qaeda. The victims included Saudis as well as Sudanese, Lebanese, and Egyptian residents of the compound, which was less rigorously protected than similar facilities inhabited by westerners. The Venice Commission: (The European Commission for Democracy through Law) criticizes the regime under which men are held in Guantanamo Bay. It concludes that it is wrong to ignore the Geneva Conventions and basic human rights law. British special forces commanders criticise the quality of the intelligence given to them before and during the conflict with Iraq. The UK Secretary of Defence Geoff Hoon is accused of providing misleading figures about the true cost of conflict in Iraq. U.S. troops shoot and kill Mohannad Ghazi al Kaabi, the appointed interim mayor of Sadr City (formerly Saddam City), Baghdad. The incident reportedly occurs from a confrontation following Mohannad's refusal to follow instructions from the on-site security official. The security official was enforcing security procedures stemming from recent car bombing incidents in accordance with standard rules of engagement.](/news/2003/11/9/seventeen-people-are-killed-and-more-than-120-are-injured-many-of-them-children-in-a-midnight-car-bomb-attack-in-riyadh-saudi-arabia-su.md) _Context: Riyadh, Saudi Arabia_
10. [ Leading Saudi Arabian newspaper "al-Riyadh" (which often reflects government thinking) claims that Qatar's Al Jazeera television coverage of the bombing in Riyadh is aimed at inciting more violence. Thirty media outlets claim, with two separate letters sent to The Pentagon, that United States troops are harassing journalists in Iraq and sometimes confiscating equipment, digital camera media and videotapes. A statement by a Pentagon official states the military is aware of reports that soldiers had sometimes not followed procedures on dealing with the media and promises to take appropriate action.](/news/2003/11/13/leading-saudi-arabian-newspaper-al-riyadh-which-often-reflects-government-thinking-claims-that-qatar-s-al-jazeera-television-coverage-o.md) _Context: Riyadh, Saudi Arabia_
