### [2003-12-4](/news/2003/12/4/index.md)

# Interpol issues a red notice for the arrest of former President of Liberia Charles Taylor. 




### Related:

1. [ The government of Liberia submits a bill to the Parliament which would allow the seizure of the assets of former President Charles G. Taylor, his relatives and associates. ](/news/2007/07/12/the-government-of-liberia-submits-a-bill-to-the-parliament-which-would-allow-the-seizure-of-the-assets-of-former-president-charles-g-taylo.md) _Context: Charles G. Taylor, President of Liberia_
2. [ The war crimes trial of former President of Liberia Charles G. Taylor at the UN-backed Special Court for Sierra Leone begins at The Hague. ](/news/2007/06/4/the-war-crimes-trial-of-former-president-of-liberia-charles-g-taylor-at-the-un-backed-special-court-for-sierra-leone-begins-at-the-hague.md) _Context: Charles G. Taylor, President of Liberia_
3. [ Charles Taylor, the former President of Liberia, appears in court in The Hague to face 11 charges of war crimes and crimes against humanity. ](/news/2006/07/21/charles-taylor-the-former-president-of-liberia-appears-in-court-in-the-hague-to-face-11-charges-of-war-crimes-and-crimes-against-humanity.md) _Context: Charles G. Taylor, President of Liberia_
4. [ Charles Taylor, former President of Liberia, leaves Sierra Leone for his human rights trial at The Hague. ](/news/2006/06/20/charles-taylor-former-president-of-liberia-leaves-sierra-leone-for-his-human-rights-trial-at-the-hague.md) _Context: Charles G. Taylor, President of Liberia_
5. [Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, the President of Liberia, declares a state of emergency over the outbreak which has claimed the lives of 282 Liberian people so far. ](/news/2014/08/7/ellen-johnson-sirleaf-the-president-of-liberia-declares-a-state-of-emergency-over-the-outbreak-which-has-claimed-the-lives-of-282-liberian.md) _Context: President of Liberia_
6. [The former Liberian President Charles Taylor arrives in the United Kingdom to serve the remainder of a 50-year sentence after becoming the first head of state to be convicted of war crimes since World War II. ](/news/2013/10/15/the-former-liberian-president-charles-taylor-arrives-in-the-united-kingdom-to-serve-the-remainder-of-a-50-year-sentence-after-becoming-the-f.md) _Context: President of Liberia_
7. [The UN-backed Special Court for Sierra Leone in The Hague rejects an appeal against a conviction of former President of Liberia Charles Taylor on war crime charges. ](/news/2013/09/26/the-un-backed-special-court-for-sierra-leone-in-the-hague-rejects-an-appeal-against-a-conviction-of-former-president-of-liberia-charles-tayl.md) _Context: President of Liberia_
8. [The former President of Liberia, Charles Taylor, is sentenced to 50 years' imprisonment by the Special Court for Sierra Leone in The Hague for aiding and abetting war crimes during Sierra Leone's civil war. ](/news/2012/05/30/the-former-president-of-liberia-charles-taylor-is-sentenced-to-50-years-imprisonment-by-the-special-court-for-sierra-leone-in-the-hague-f.md) _Context: President of Liberia_
9. [The Special Court for Sierra Leone at The Hague delivers its verdict in the trial of former President of Liberia Charles Taylor on charges of arming Sierra Leone's rebels in return for "blood diamonds" in the 1990s. He is convicted on charges related to aiding and abetting war crimes but acquitted of charges of ordering them. ](/news/2012/04/26/the-special-court-for-sierra-leone-at-the-hague-delivers-its-verdict-in-the-trial-of-former-president-of-liberia-charles-taylor-on-charges-o.md) _Context: President of Liberia_
10. [Voters in Liberia go to the polls for the second round of a presidential election, with the incumbent President, Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, likely to be re-elected. ](/news/2011/11/8/voters-in-liberia-go-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-a-presidential-election-with-the-incumbent-president-ellen-johnson-sirleaf-like.md) _Context: President of Liberia_
