### [2012-07-5](/news/2012/07/5/index.md)

# South Korea announces plans to start "scientific" whaling  of minke whales at a meeting of the International Whaling Commission in Panama City. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/science-environment-18716300)

### Related:

1. [ International Whaling Commission meeting in Ulsan, South Korea, does not support Japan's suggestion to resume coastal whaling or increase its own scientific one. Commission also voted down a request that Japan could catch 150 minke whales a year ](/news/2005/06/22/international-whaling-commission-meeting-in-ulsan-south-korea-does-not-support-japan-s-suggestion-to-resume-coastal-whaling-or-increase-i.md) _Context: International Whaling Commission , South Korea, hunt_
2. [ International Whaling Commission meets in Ulsan, South Korea. Japan tries to ease its restrictions to whaling but its suggestion to exclude proposed creation of whale sanctuaries is voted down ](/news/2005/06/20/international-whaling-commission-meets-in-ulsan-south-korea-japan-tries-to-ease-its-restrictions-to-whaling-but-its-suggestion-to-exclude.md) _Context: International Whaling Commission , South Korea, hunt_
3. [Japan advises the International Whaling Commission  that it plans to resume hunting minke whales for scientific research in the Antarctic Ocean by the end of March 2016. The United Nations' International Court of Justice (ICJ) ruled in March 2014 that Japan's decades-old whale hunt in the Antarctic should stop, prompting Tokyo to cancel the bulk of its whaling for the 2014/2015 season. ICJ decisions were binding and cannot be appealed. ](/news/2015/11/28/japan-advises-the-international-whaling-commission-that-it-plans-to-resume-hunting-minke-whales-for-scientific-research-in-the-antarctic-oc.md) _Context: International Whaling Commission , hunt_
4. [The International Whaling Commission does not reach agreement on curbing whaling by Japan, Norway and Iceland in a meeting in Agadir, Morocco. ](/news/2010/06/23/the-international-whaling-commission-does-not-reach-agreement-on-curbing-whaling-by-japan-norway-and-iceland-in-a-meeting-in-agadir-morocc.md) _Context: International Whaling Commission , hunt_
5. [An investigation by ''The Sunday Times'' alleges that Japan has bribed smaller nations in exchange for their vote to resume whaling at the International Whaling Commission. ](/news/2010/06/13/an-investigation-by-the-sunday-times-alleges-that-japan-has-bribed-smaller-nations-in-exchange-for-their-vote-to-resume-whaling-at-the-i.md) _Context: International Whaling Commission , hunt_
6. [ Japan fails to win in its bid to lift a commercial moratorium on whaling at the International Whaling Commission. ](/news/2007/05/31/japan-fails-to-win-in-its-bid-to-lift-a-commercial-moratorium-on-whaling-at-the-international-whaling-commission.md) _Context: International Whaling Commission , hunt_
7. [ Japan holds an international conference to push for the resumption of commercial whaling. Anti-whaling nations in the International Whaling Commission such as the United States, United Kingdom and Australia have boycotted the  conference. ](/news/2007/02/13/japan-holds-an-international-conference-to-push-for-the-resumption-of-commercial-whaling-anti-whaling-nations-in-the-international-whaling.md) _Context: International Whaling Commission , hunt_
8. [ Icelandic fisherman kill a Fin Whale, breaking the International Whaling Commission's ban on commercial whaling. ](/news/2006/10/22/icelandic-fisherman-kill-a-fin-whale-breaking-the-international-whaling-commission-s-ban-on-commercial-whaling.md) _Context: International Whaling Commission , hunt_
9. [ John Howard, the Prime Minister of Australia, has written to his Japanese counterpart, Junichiro Koizumi, urging Japan to reconsider its position on whaling. The International Whaling Commission is expected to consider Japan's expansion proposal when it meets next month. ](/news/2005/05/24/john-howard-the-prime-minister-of-australia-has-written-to-his-japanese-counterpart-junichiro-koizumi-urging-japan-to-reconsider-its-po.md) _Context: International Whaling Commission , hunt_
10. [South Korea's National Police raid the headquarters of Korean Air as part of an investigation into embezzlement and breach of trust related to misappropriated funds alleged to have been used to fund construction at the residence of Korean Air Chairman Cho Yang-ho (father of Heather Cho, instigator of the infamous "Nut rage incident" in 2014). The company's shares continue to drop. ](/news/2017/07/7/south-korea-s-national-police-raid-the-headquarters-of-korean-air-as-part-of-an-investigation-into-embezzlement-and-breach-of-trust-related.md) _Context: South Korea_
