### [2012-07-5](/news/2012/07/5/index.md)

# The central banks of the European Union, Great Britain, and the People's Republic of China, in what appears to be a co-ordinated action, each loosen their respective monetary systems. 

China, the euro zone and Britain loosened monetary policy in the space of less than an hour on Thursday, signaling a growing level of alarm about the world economy, although suggestions of coordinated action were played down.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/07/05/us-centralbanks-action-idUSBRE8640RN20120705)

### Related:

1. [The International Air Transport Association calls for the United Nations to intervene in the dispute between the People's Republic of China and the European Union over airlines' involvement in the EU's carbon tax scheme for airlines. ](/news/2012/02/12/the-international-air-transport-association-calls-for-the-united-nations-to-intervene-in-the-dispute-between-the-people-s-republic-of-china.md) _Context: European Union, People's Republic of China_
2. [Iranian diplomatic tour and medical discovery:A group of international diplomats begins a two-day tour given by Iran as a gesture of goodwill and transparency in response to foreign concerns over its nuclear program. The European Union, Russia, and the People's Republic of China refuses its invitation. ](/news/2011/01/15/iranian-diplomatic-tour-and-medical-discovery-pa-group-of-international-diplomats-begins-a-two-day-tour-given-by-iran-as-a-gesture-of-goodwi.md) _Context: European Union, People's Republic of China_
3. [ Akmal Shaikh becomes the first EU native to be executed in China in 50 years. Gordon Brown releases a statement indicating that he is appalled. ](/news/2009/12/29/akmal-shaikh-becomes-the-first-eu-native-to-be-executed-in-china-in-50-years-gordon-brown-releases-a-statement-indicating-that-he-is-appal.md) _Context: European Union, People's Republic of China_
4. [The United States vetoes a United Nations Security Council resolution aimed at stopping Israeli airstrikes against Gaza. UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and the United Kingdom, European Union, Russia, France, and China all call for a ceasefire. ](/news/2008/12/28/the-united-states-vetoes-a-united-nations-security-council-resolution-aimed-at-stopping-israeli-airstrikes-against-gaza-un-secretary-genera.md) _Context: European Union, People's Republic of China_
5. [ The European Union denies ruling out lifting an EU arms embargo on the People's Republic of China before June. ](/news/2005/04/15/the-european-union-denies-ruling-out-lifting-an-eu-arms-embargo-on-the-people-s-republic-of-china-before-june.md) _Context: European Union, People's Republic of China_
6. [Conservative politician Theresa May accuses European Union officials of trying to influence the upcoming elections. ](/news/2017/05/3/conservative-politician-theresa-may-accuses-european-union-officials-of-trying-to-influence-the-upcoming-elections.md) _Context: European Union_
7. [Moody's Investors Service downgrades the credit rating of the People's Republic of China from AA to Aa3. ](/news/2017/05/24/moody-s-investors-service-downgrades-the-credit-rating-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-from-aa-to-aa3.md) _Context: People's Republic of China_
8. [Conservative leader Theresa May states she will be a "bloody difficult woman" in her negotiations with Jean-Claude Juncker regarding the rights of EU nationals after Brexit. ](/news/2017/05/2/conservative-leader-theresa-may-states-she-will-be-a-bloody-difficult-woman-in-her-negotiations-with-jean-claude-juncker-regarding-the-rig.md) _Context: European Union_
9. [Representatives of the European Parliament and European Council sign a document formally granting Ukrainians visa-free travel to the European Union. The visa-free regime is due to enter into force on June 11. ](/news/2017/05/17/representatives-of-the-european-parliament-and-european-council-sign-a-document-formally-granting-ukrainians-visa-free-travel-to-the-europea.md) _Context: European Union_
10. [A spokesman for the Taiwan Affairs Office of People's Republic of China says Taiwan is barred from observing this year's World Health Assembly because current President Tsai Ing-wen has not endorsed the Beijing view that both sides belong to a single China under the One-China policy; the spokesman further said that the health of people in Taiwan is not being put at risk by Taiwan's inability to attend. ](/news/2017/05/10/a-spokesman-for-the-taiwan-affairs-office-of-people-s-republic-of-china-says-taiwan-is-barred-from-observing-this-yearas-world-health-asse.md) _Context: People's Republic of China_
