### [2014-11-16](/news/2014/11/16/index.md)

# At least four people are killed in mudslides in southern Switzerland and northern Italy after days of heavy rain. 

At least four people are killed when landslides engulf homes in southern Switzerland and northern Italy following days of torrential rain.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-30077272)

### Related:

1. [Twelve Portuguese nationals, who were residents of Fribourg, Switzerland, are killed in a head-on collision between their minibus and a truck, on a highway 300 kilometers (185 miles) south of Paris, France. The only survivor from the bus is the driver; the two Italian occupants of the truck are slightly injured. ](/news/2016/03/25/twelve-portuguese-nationals-who-were-residents-of-fribourg-switzerland-are-killed-in-a-head-on-collision-between-their-minibus-and-a-truc.md) _Context: Italian, Switzerland_
2. [Erasmus bus crash: Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/erasmus-bus-crash-thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-fall.md) _Context: Italian, Switzerland_
3. [Zika virus outbreak: Several Zika virus cases have been reported in Denmark, Italy, Spain, the United Kingdom and Switzerland. ](/news/2016/01/27/zika-virus-outbreak-several-zika-virus-cases-have-been-reported-in-denmark-italy-spain-the-united-kingdom-and-switzerland.md) _Context: Italian, Switzerland_
4. [More than a dozen alleged ISIS-linked, terrorist members of Rawti Shax, a European offshoot of the Iraqi Kurdish jihadist network Ansar al-Islam, are arrested in a coordinated, multi-nation sweep by police across Europe. The operation dismantled an integrated cell in Italy, the United Kingdom, Norway, Finland, Switzerland, and Germany. The group is accused of radicalizing fighters, planning attacks targeting Norwegian and British diplomats in the Middle East, and planning to establish a caliphate in Iraq's Kurdistan region. ](/news/2015/11/12/more-than-a-dozen-alleged-isis-linked-terrorist-members-of-rawti-shax-a-european-offshoot-of-the-iraqi-kurdish-jihadist-network-ansar-al-i.md) _Context: Italian, Switzerland_
5. [Freedom Flotilla II: The Greek Coast Guard pursues with water cannons then boards the ship carrying activists from Belgium, Canada, Italy, Switzerland and Turkey after an unsuccessful attempt to leave Crete harbour. ](/news/2011/07/4/freedom-flotilla-ii-the-greek-coast-guard-pursues-with-water-cannons-then-boards-the-ship-carrying-activists-from-belgium-canada-italy-s.md) _Context: Italian, Switzerland_
6. [Contributions from Belgium, Canada, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Japan, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden and Switzerland allow the World Bank to cancel $36 million in Haiti's remaining debt following January's devastating earthquake. ](/news/2010/05/28/contributions-from-belgium-canada-finland-france-germany-ireland-italy-japan-the-netherlands-norway-spain-sweden-and-switzerland.md) _Context: Italian, Switzerland_
7. [7 suspected weapons traffickers to Iran (2 Iranians, 5 Italians) are detained in Italy with the help of Swiss police. ](/news/2010/03/3/7-suspected-weapons-traffickers-to-iran-2-iranians-5-italians-are-detained-in-italy-with-the-help-of-swiss-police.md) _Context: Italian, Switzerland_
8. [ Two Japanese citizens are detained in Italy after allegedly attempting to take $134 billion worth of U.S. bonds over the border into Switzerland starting the Chiasso financial smuggling case. ](/news/2009/06/12/two-japanese-citizens-are-detained-in-italy-after-allegedly-attempting-to-take-134-billion-worth-of-u-s-bonds-over-the-border-into-switze.md) _Context: Italian, Switzerland_
9. [ Swiss engineers blast through the Lotschberg Tunnel through the Alps from Germany to Italy. The tunnel will be ready for traffic in two years. ](/news/2005/04/28/swiss-engineers-blast-through-the-laptschberg-tunnel-through-the-alps-from-germany-to-italy-the-tunnel-will-be-ready-for-traffic-in-two-ye.md) _Context: Italian, Switzerland_
10. [Earthquakes in 2017: A magnitude 4.0 earthquake strikes the Italian island of Ischia, leaving one person dead and 25 others injured. Italian media report 10 others are unaccounted for after several buildings collapsed in Casamicciola Terme. ](/news/2017/08/21/earthquakes-in-2017-a-magnitude-4-0-earthquake-strikes-the-italian-island-of-ischia-leaving-one-person-dead-and-25-others-injured-italian.md) _Context: Italian_
