### [2014-11-16](/news/2014/11/16/index.md)

# Voters in Romania go to the polls for the second round of the presidential election with Klaus Iohannis scoring an upset victory over current Prime Minister Victor Ponta. 

People in Romania go to the polls to elect a new president in a run-off between the social democrat prime minister and a centre-right candidate.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-30060916)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/11/16/romania-election-resignation-idUSR5N0P602620141116)
2. [Cover Image](https://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/78990000/jpg/_78990093_78990092.jpg)

### Related:

1. [More than 18 million Romanians are expected to go to the polls to choose their president in one of the most important elections since the 1989 revolution. "[http://english.hotnews.ro/stiri-top_news-18434801-romania-heads-first-round-presidential-elections-key-moment-for-democracy-and-state-law.htm (HotNews.ro)]" "[http://www.euractiv.com/sections/elections/romanians-elect-new-president-atmosphere-scandal-309682 (EurActiv)]"Romanian Prime Minister Victor Ponta, from the rulling PSD, and the ethnic German mayor of Sibiu Klaus Iohannis, from the opposition ACL electoral alliance, will face a November 16 runoff, with the incumbent Social democrat premier favored to win. "[http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-29874030 (BBC)]" ](/news/2014/11/2/more-than-18-million-romanians-are-expected-to-go-to-the-polls-to-choose-their-president-in-one-of-the-most-important-elections-since-the-19.md) _Context: Klaus Iohannis, Prime Minister, Romanian presidential election, 2014, Victor Ponta_
2. [Romanian President Klaus Iohannis designates social-democrat Sorin Grindeanu as the country's new prime minister, after the victory of the centre-left PSD earlier this month. ](/news/2016/12/30/romanian-president-klaus-iohannis-designates-social-democrat-sorin-grindeanu-as-the-country-s-new-prime-minister-after-the-victory-of-the-c.md) _Context: Klaus Iohannis, Prime Minister, Romania_
3. [Romania's National Anticorruption Directorate announces that it is investigating the Prime Minister Victor Ponta for alleged money laundering, forgery and corruption. Ponta denies the allegations and is refusing to stand down. ](/news/2015/06/5/romania-s-national-anticorruption-directorate-announces-that-it-is-investigating-the-prime-minister-victor-ponta-for-alleged-money-launderin.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Romania, Victor Ponta_
4. [Romanian President Traian Basescu sparks a new crisis by refusing to sign the country's IMF accord and threatens Prime Minister Victor Ponta's government with rejecting the national budget, blocking important indexations of salaries and pensions for the following year, over an ongoing political feud between the two leaders. ](/news/2013/12/3/romanian-president-traian-basescu-sparks-a-new-crisis-by-refusing-to-sign-the-country-s-imf-accord-and-threatens-prime-minister-victor-pont.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Romania, Victor Ponta_
5. [Chinese Premier Li Keqiang, arrives in Bucharest, Romania, to attend the China-Central and Eastern Europe (CEE) leaders' meeting as a guest of Romanian Prime Minister Victor Ponta. ](/news/2013/11/25/chinese-premier-li-keqiang-arrives-in-bucharest-romania-to-attend-the-china-central-and-eastern-europe-cee-leadersa-meeting-as-a-gues.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Romania, Victor Ponta_
6. [Voters in Romania go to the polls for parliamentary elections with the governing Social Liberal Union led by Prime Minister Victor Ponta winning by a landslide majority in both the Chamber of Deputies and the Senate. ](/news/2012/12/9/voters-in-romania-go-to-the-polls-for-parliamentary-elections-with-the-governing-social-liberal-union-led-by-prime-minister-victor-ponta-win.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Romania, Victor Ponta_
7. [After seven months in office and a decisive victory in the elections, Romanian Prime Minister Victor Ponta and his cabinet receive the vote of confidence from Parliament with 402 votes in favor and 120 against. ](/news/2012/12/21/after-seven-months-in-office-and-a-decisive-victory-in-the-elections-romanian-prime-minister-victor-ponta-and-his-cabinet-receive-the-vote.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Romania, Victor Ponta_
8. [In a landslide victory, Prime Minister Victor Ponta's ruling Social Liberal Union wins nearly 60% of votes in Romania's parliamentary election, with a projected 66-67% of MP mandates. ](/news/2012/12/10/in-a-landslide-victory-prime-minister-victor-ponta-s-ruling-social-liberal-union-wins-nearly-60-of-votes-in-romania-s-parliamentary-electi.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Romania, Victor Ponta_
9. [Being forced into opposition a year earlier, by the resignation of Prime Minister Victor Ponta amid the Colectiv nightclub fire tragedy, the Social Democratic Party returns to government following a landslide victory in last Sunday's parliamentary elections. ](/news/2016/12/12/being-forced-into-opposition-a-year-earlier-by-the-resignation-of-prime-minister-victor-ponta-amid-the-colectiv-nightclub-fire-tragedy-the.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Victor Ponta_
10. [Romanian Prime Minister Victor Ponta and his government resigns after tens of thousands took to the streets to protest over the Colectiv nightclub fire that killed 32 people. Mircea Dusa has been proposed to be installed as Acting Prime Minister. ](/news/2015/11/4/romanian-prime-minister-victor-ponta-and-his-government-resigns-after-tens-of-thousands-took-to-the-streets-to-protest-over-the-colectiv-nig.md) _Context: Romania, Victor Ponta_
