### [2008-02-19](/news/2008/02/19/index.md)

#  United States presidential election, 2008: Arizona Senator John McCain wins the Wisconsin and Washington Republican Party primary election. 

Barack Obama’s broad win in Wisconsin put new pressure on Hillary Rodham Clinton, while John McCain closed in on the G.O.P. nomination.


### Source:

1. [AFP](http://www.afp.com/english/news/stories/newsmlmmd.496657ce6bf5b8b6c9423b1a55fba612.11.html)
2. [Reuters via ''The Melbourne Age](http://www.theage.com.au/news/us-election/obamas-winning-streak-continues/2008/02/20/1203467155860.html?page=fullpage#contentSwap1)
3. [The New York Times](http://politics.nytimes.com/election-guide/2008/results/states/WA.html)
4. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2008/02/19/us/politics/19cnd-campaign.html)

### Related:

1. [ United States presidential election, 2008:  Voters in New Hampshire go to the polls for the first primary election to determine presidential nominees for the Democratic and Republican parties. New York Senator Hillary Clinton wins the Democratic primary. Arizona Senator John McCain wins the Republican primary. ](/news/2008/01/8/united-states-presidential-election-2008-p-voters-in-new-hampshire-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-primary-election-to-determine-presidenti.md) _Context: 2008, Arizona, John McCain, R, primary election, senators_
2. [ United States presidential election, Super Tuesday II:  Arizona Senator John McCain wins the Vermont, Texas, Rhode Island, and Ohio Republican primaries, giving him enough delegates to be able to win the Republican Party nomination. ](/news/2008/03/4/united-states-presidential-election-super-tuesday-ii-p-arizona-senator-john-mccain-wins-the-vermont-texas-rhode-island-and-ohio-republ.md) _Context: 2008, Arizona, John McCain, R, senators_
3. [ United States Presidential Election, 2008: Senator John McCain (R- AZ) announces his candidacy for president on the ''Late Show with David Letterman''. ](/news/2007/02/28/united-states-presidential-election-2008-senator-john-mccain-r-az-announces-his-candidacy-for-president-on-the-late-show-with-david.md) _Context: 2008, Arizona, John McCain, R, senators_
4. [ The America's Climate Security Act of 2007, a greenhouse gas emissions reduction bill, stalls in the U.S. Senate after a 48-36 vote fails to invoke cloture on a Republican filibuster. Presidential candidates John McCain and Barack Obama were among six senators absent from the vote who expressed support for the bill. ](/news/2008/06/6/the-america-s-climate-security-act-of-2007-a-greenhouse-gas-emissions-reduction-bill-stalls-in-the-u-s-senate-after-a-48-36-vote-fails-t.md) _Context: 2008, John McCain, R, senators_
5. [ United States presidential election, 2008: A majority of Michigan's Republican delegates say that they will support John McCain following the withdrawal of Michigan primary winner Mitt Romney from the race. McCain has also won the allegiance of a majority of Louisiana delegates. ](/news/2008/02/16/united-states-presidential-election-2008-a-majority-of-michigan-s-republican-delegates-say-that-they-will-support-john-mccain-following-t.md) _Context: 2008, John McCain, R, primary election_
6. [ A suspicious brown substance is found in envelope at the Virginia Supreme Court building in Richmond, Virginia, United States, on the same day that Senator John McCain (R-AZ) speaks at the Jefferson Hotel. ](/news/2007/02/12/a-suspicious-brown-substance-is-found-in-envelope-at-the-virginia-supreme-court-building-in-richmond-virginia-united-states-on-the-same.md) _Context: Arizona, John McCain, R, senators_
7. [Voters in the U.S. state of Wisconsin go to the polls for a primary election with Ted Cruz winning the Republican Party contest and Bernie Sanders winning the Democratic Party primary. ](/news/2016/04/5/voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-wisconsin-go-to-the-polls-for-a-primary-election-with-ted-cruz-winning-the-republican-party-contest-and-bernie-s.md) _Context: R, Wisconsin, primary election_
8. [Elections in the United States; Republican U.S. Senator David Vitter and Democratic state Representative John Bel Edwards top two Republican candidates for spots in the November 21 runoff election. Edwards wins 40 percent and Vitter 23 percent of the primary vote, according to unofficial returns. ](/news/2015/10/25/elections-in-the-united-states-republican-u-s-senator-david-vitter-and-democratic-state-representative-john-bel-edwards-top-two-republican.md) _Context: R, primary election, senators_
9. [Health authorities in the United States say that 53 people in nine states have been sickened in a salmonella outbreak. California is the worst affected state with 31 cases with the other states with cases include Arizona, Illinois, Mississippi, New Mexico, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin. ](/news/2015/05/21/health-authorities-in-the-united-states-say-that-53-people-in-nine-states-have-been-sickened-in-a-salmonella-outbreak-california-is-the-wor.md) _Context: Arizona, Washington, Wisconsin_
10. [John McCain wins the Republican Party primary election to become the nominee in the US Senate election in Arizona. ](/news/2010/08/24/john-mccain-wins-the-republican-party-primary-election-to-become-the-nominee-in-the-us-senate-election-in-arizona.md) _Context: John McCain, R, primary election_
