### [2014-07-15](/news/2014/07/15/index.md)

# The European Parliament votes to elect Jean-Claude Juncker as President of the European Commission. 

Jean-Claude Juncker has been elected as president of the European Commission. He was elected with 422 votes on Tuesday and replaces the incumbent


### Source:

1. [Euronews](http://www.euronews.com/2014/07/15/european-parliament-elects-jean-claude-juncker-as-president/)

### Related:

1. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union. The European Parliament's first debate on the UK's vote to leave is marked by bitter exchanges as prominent pro-Brexit figure Nigel Farage is booed and heckled by members of the European Parliament and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker is heckled after saying that he is neither a robot nor a bureaucrat. ](/news/2016/06/28/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-the-european-parliament-s-first-debate-on-the-uk-s-vote-to-leave-is-marked-by-bitter-exch.md) _Context: European Parliament, Jean-Claude Juncker_
2. [Amidst staunch opposition from UK Prime Minister David Cameron's ministry, the European Council nominates Jean-Claude Juncker, former Prime Minister of Luxembourg, to be President of the European Commission. ](/news/2014/06/27/amidst-staunch-opposition-from-uk-prime-minister-david-cameron-s-ministry-the-european-council-nominates-jean-claude-juncker-former-prime.md) _Context: Jean-Claude Juncker, President of the European Commission_
3. [In his yearly State of the Union speech at the European Parliament, President of the European Commission Jose Manuel Barroso appeals for more European integration and a supervision mechanism for the 6,000 banks in Europe. ](/news/2012/09/12/in-his-yearly-state-of-the-union-speech-at-the-european-parliament-president-of-the-european-commission-josa-c-manuel-barroso-appeals-for-mo.md) _Context: European Parliament, President of the European Commission_
4. [United Kingdom general election, 2017. Conservative leader Theresa May states she will be a "bloody difficult woman" in her negotiations with Jean-Claude Juncker regarding the rights of EU nationals after Brexit. ](/news/2017/05/2/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-conservative-leader-theresa-may-states-she-will-be-a-bloody-difficult-woman-in-her-negotiations-wit.md) _Context: Jean-Claude Juncker_
5. [Ukraine-European Union relations. Representatives of the European Parliament and European Council sign a document formally granting Ukrainians visa-free travel to the European Union. The visa-free regime is due to enter into force on June 11. ](/news/2017/05/17/ukraine-european-union-relations-representatives-of-the-european-parliament-and-european-council-sign-a-document-formally-granting-ukrain.md) _Context: European Parliament_
6. [United States-European Union relations. The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/united-states-european-union-relations-the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-go.md) _Context: European Parliament_
7. [Georgia-European Union relations. The European Parliament unanimously approves visa-free regime in the Schengen zone for Georgia. ](/news/2017/02/2/georgia-european-union-relations-the-european-parliament-unanimously-approves-visa-free-regime-in-the-schengen-zone-for-georgia.md) _Context: European Parliament_
8. [President of the European Parliament. Antonio Tajani has been elected as new President of the European Parliament. ](/news/2017/01/17/president-of-the-european-parliament-antonio-tajani-has-been-elected-as-new-president-of-the-european-parliament.md) _Context: European Parliament_
9. [Accession of Turkey to the European Union. Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan threatens to open Turkey's borders to allow refugees and migrants to reach Europe after the European Parliament votes to temporarily freeze talks of Turkey's accession to the EU. ](/news/2016/11/25/accession-of-turkey-to-the-european-union-turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-threatens-to-open-turkey-s-borders-to-allow-refugees-and.md) _Context: European Parliament_
10. [An altercation with a fellow UKIP MEP inside the European Parliament leaves UK Independence Party, Member of the European Parliament, and current UKIP party leadership favorite Steven Woolfe hospitalized. ](/news/2016/10/6/an-altercation-with-a-fellow-ukip-mep-inside-the-european-parliament-leaves-uk-independence-party-member-of-the-european-parliament-and-cu.md) _Context: European Parliament_
