### [2005-11-15](/news/2005/11/15/index.md)

#  Japan: 2005 Sanriku Japan Earthquake A 6.9-magnitude earthquake, as determined by the Japan Meteorological Society, occurred off the northern coast of Japan near Sanriku at 6:39am Japan Standard Time (UTC+9), prompting a tsunami warning to be issued in Japan and the western coast of the United States. 




### Source:

1. [USGS](http://earthquake.usgs.gov/recenteqsww/Quakes/usfkbr.htm)
2. [Yahoo](http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20051114/ap_on_re_as/japan_quake)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. Geological Survey reports a magnitude 6.7 earthquake struck off the southwest coast of Japan. The quake occurred 119 miles (191 km) west-southwest of Kagoshima. The Pacific Tsunami Center reported no major tsunami threat. A small tsunami, 30 centimeters (11.8 inches), was observed on the southern island of Nakanoshima. No reports of major damage or injuries. ](/news/2015/11/14/the-u-s-geological-survey-reports-a-magnitude-6-7-earthquake-struck-off-the-southwest-coast-of-japan-the-quake-occurred-119-miles-191-km.md) _Context: Japan, magnitude earthquake, tsunami_
2. [A 7.7 magnitude earthquake strikes off Russia's Kamchatka Peninsula,  west of the  Alaskan Aleutian Island of Attu, in the North Pacific Ocean. No immediate reports of  casualties or damage; a tsunami warning was cancelled. ](/news/2017/07/18/a-7-7-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-off-russia-s-kamchatka-peninsula-west-of-the-alaskan-aleutian-island-of-attu-in-the-north-pacific-oce.md) _Context: magnitude earthquake, tsunami_
3. [North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-eastern-waters-in-the-direction-of-japan-accordi.md) _Context: Japan, United States_
4. [A magnitude 6.6 earthquake hits Tottori Prefecture in western Japan. Local media report that there are 14 injuries in Kurayoshi. Tottori is Japan's least populous prefecture. ](/news/2016/10/21/a-magnitude-6-6-earthquake-hits-tottori-prefecture-in-western-japan-local-media-report-that-there-are-14-injuries-in-kurayoshi-tottori-is.md) _Context: Japan, magnitude earthquake_
5. [Over 50,000 people protest in Okinawa capital Naha against U.S. military presence on the Japanese island, spurred on by last month's arrest of an U.S. Marine veteran, civilian contractor for  the rape and killing of a 20-year-old local woman. ](/news/2016/06/19/over-50-000-people-protest-in-okinawa-capital-naha-against-u-s-military-presence-on-the-japanese-island-spurred-on-by-last-month-s-arrest.md) _Context: Japan, United States_
6. [Amid growing concern about North Korea's ballistic missile capability, South Korea, Japan and the U.S. are to hold their first ever joint anti-missile exercise next month, according to South Korea's Ministry of National Defense. The three countries will practice "detecting and tracing a hypothetical North Korean missile," said a ministry official. ](/news/2016/05/17/amid-growing-concern-about-north-korea-s-ballistic-missile-capability-south-korea-japan-and-the-u-s-are-to-hold-their-first-ever-joint-an.md) _Context: Japan, United States_
7. [A magnitude 6.4 earthquake strikes near Kumamoto, Japan, collapsing several buildings killing at least four people and injuring 400. However, no tsunami warning was issued and local nuclear power plants reported no problems. ](/news/2016/04/14/a-magnitude-6-4-earthquake-strikes-near-kumamoto-japan-collapsing-several-buildings-killing-at-least-four-people-and-injuring-400-however.md) _Context: Japan, tsunami_
8. [A magnitude 7.1 earthquake strikes southwestern Alaska, leaving 10,000 in the Anchorage area without power and forcing the evacuation of several homes on the Kenai Peninsula. The National Weather Service reported that there was no tsunami following the earthquake. ](/news/2016/01/24/a-magnitude-7-1-earthquake-strikes-southwestern-alaska-leaving-10-000-in-the-anchorage-area-without-power-and-forcing-the-evacuation-of-sev.md) _Context: magnitude earthquake, tsunami_
9. [The U.S. Geological Survey reports a magnitude 5.5 earthquake struck the central Chilean coast, south of the town of Coquimbo, at 6:05 PM EST.  No immediate reports of damage or casualties; no tsunami alerts are in effect.     ](/news/2015/11/21/the-u-s-geological-survey-reports-a-magnitude-5-5-earthquake-struck-the-central-chilean-coast-south-of-the-town-of-coquimbo-at-6-05-pm-es.md) _Context: magnitude earthquake, tsunami_
10. [Japan's prime minister Shinzo Abe says he is considering sending Japanese Navy warships to the South China Sea to back-up U.S. naval operations, saying, "With regard to activity by the Self-Defense Forces in the South China Sea, I will consider it while focusing on what effect the situation has on Japan's security." In response, China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesperson, Hong Lei, told Chinese state media that China will remain on "high alert for intervention by Japan in the South China Sea issue". ](/news/2015/11/21/japan-s-prime-minister-shinza-abe-says-he-is-considering-sending-japanese-navy-warships-to-the-south-china-sea-to-back-up-u-s-naval-operat.md) _Context: Japan, United States_
