### [2005-11-15](/news/2005/11/15/index.md)

#  Mid-November 2005 Tornado Outbreak: Many tornadoes (at least 50 confirmed) have been reported during the afternoon and evening across central North America, stretching from the Great Lakes to the Gulf of Mexico. Damage has been reported in many areas, and at least one person was killed. [http://www.14wfie.com/Global/story.asp?S=4124541]




### Related:

1. [ North America: The Canadian provinces, Ontario and Quebec and the US states Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin sign an international agreement to preclude significant water diversion from the Great Lakes. ](/news/2005/12/13/north-america-the-canadian-provinces-ontario-and-quebec-and-the-us-states-illinois-indiana-michigan-minnesota-new-york-ohio-pennsyl.md) _Context: Great Lakes, North America_
2. [Robert Bentley, the Governor of Alabama, declares a state of emergency due to forecasts of storms with the threat of tornadoes during the day. The neighboring state of Georgia also faces the threat of severe weather. ](/news/2017/04/4/robert-bentley-the-governor-of-alabama-declares-a-state-of-emergency-due-to-forecasts-of-storms-with-the-threat-of-tornadoes-during-the-da.md) _Context: tornado_
3. [The death tolls from tornadoes and floods in the midwestern and southern United States rises to ten with two people missing. ](/news/2017/04/30/the-death-tolls-from-tornadoes-and-floods-in-the-midwestern-and-southern-united-states-rises-to-ten-with-two-people-missing.md) _Context: tornado_
4. [Severe  storms, from the weather system that hit Southern California Friday, reach southwest Texas injuring several  people and damaging at least 100 homes with  one confirmed tornado in San Antonio. Heavy rains continue today with flash floods likely as the storm moves to eastern Texas and southern Louisiana. ](/news/2017/02/20/severe-storms-from-the-weather-system-that-hit-southern-california-friday-reach-southwest-texas-injuring-several-people-and-damaging-at.md) _Context: tornado_
5. [Biologists have determined that the only 'true' species of wolf in North America is the gray wolf while the red wolf is a wolf hybridized with a coyote. ](/news/2016/07/27/biologists-have-determined-that-the-only-true-species-of-wolf-in-north-america-is-the-gray-wolf-while-the-red-wolf-is-a-wolf-hybridized-wi.md) _Context: North America_
6. [Tropical Storm Colin forms in the Gulf of Mexico and is likely to hit Florida's Gulf Coast tomorrow. ](/news/2016/06/5/tropical-storm-colin-forms-in-the-gulf-of-mexico-and-is-likely-to-hit-florida-s-gulf-coast-tomorrow.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
7. [A tornado, accompanied by heavy rainfall and hailstones, kills at least 98 people and injures 800 in the eastern Chinese province of Jiangsu ](/news/2016/06/23/a-tornado-accompanied-by-heavy-rainfall-and-hailstones-kills-at-least-98-people-and-injures-800-in-the-eastern-chinese-province-of-jiangsu.md) _Context: tornado_
8. [A severe thunderstorm and tornado near Yancheng, Jiangsu Province, China, kills at least 98 people. See 2016 Jiangsu tornado. ](/news/2016/06/22/a-severe-thunderstorm-and-tornado-near-yancheng-jiangsu-province-china-kills-at-least-98-people-see-2016-jiangsu-tornado.md) _Context: tornado_
9. [State oil company Petroleos Mexicanos reports the death toll has risen to  28 from Wednesday's explosion at Petroquimica Mexicana de Vinilo's Clorados 3 petrochemical plant in the Gulf port city of Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz. Some workers are still missing while 18 others remain hospitalized. Officials say the explosion came from an unspecified leak. The plant produces the hazardous industrial chemical vinyl chloride. ](/news/2016/04/22/state-oil-company-petroleos-mexicanos-reports-the-death-toll-has-risen-to-28-from-wednesday-s-explosion-at-petroquimica-mexicana-de-vinilo.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
10. [At least 24 people are killed, 136 others injured, and eight workers still missing from yesterday's blast at the major Clorados 3 petrochemical plant of Petroquimica Mexicana de Vinilo. Nineteen people remain hospitalized, with 13 in serious condition. The plant is run by Mexichem under agreement with Petroleos Mexicanos (Pemex), the national petrochemical company, in Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz, Mexico, on the country's southern Gulf of Mexico coast. Pemex had an earlier fire at the same facility in February 2016 that killed one worker; also that month, an offshore Pemex Gulf platform fire killed two and injured eight. ](/news/2016/04/21/at-least-24-people-are-killed-136-others-injured-and-eight-workers-still-missing-from-yesterday-s-blast-at-the-major-clorados-3-petrochemi.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
