### [2005-11-15](/news/2005/11/15/index.md)

#  Students at the University of Tennessee (UT) received international criticism and praise for interrupting U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney's keynote speech at the groundbreaking of the Howard Baker Center. The students protested in favor of ending the Iraq War by "heckling" Cheney while a group of 50-100 protesters gathered outside the building also protesting the war. This incident has come to be known as the Baker Center Protest. [http://seattlepi.com/national/1151AP_Cheney.html]




### Related:

1. [ Vice-President of the United States Dick Cheney arrives in Australia to discuss issues including Iraq, Afghanistan and the detention of David Hicks with the Australian government. Upon arrival he is greeted by violent demonstrations. ](/news/2007/02/22/vice-president-of-the-united-states-dick-cheney-arrives-in-australia-to-discuss-issues-including-iraq-afghanistan-and-the-detention-of-dav.md) _Context: Dick Cheney, Iraq War_
2. [A report about the United Kingdom's involvement in the Iraq War is released. The chairman of the inquiry, Sir John Chilcot, said that the invasion was not a "last resort" and was based on "flawed intelligence and assessments". The inquiry was announced on 15 June 2009 by then-Prime Minister Gordon Brown. The final hearing was held on 2 February 2011. ](/news/2016/07/6/a-report-about-the-united-kingdom-s-involvement-in-the-iraq-war-is-released-the-chairman-of-the-inquiry-sir-john-chilcot-said-that-the-in.md) _Context: Iraq War_
3. [An independent report reveals that the American Psychological Association was complicit in the participation of its members with the use of torture during the Iraq and Afghan wars, such as in Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo Bay. Many experts suspected that the bizarre torture and humiliation were not "a few bad apples" but meticulously planned techniques. ](/news/2015/07/12/an-independent-report-reveals-that-the-american-psychological-association-was-complicit-in-the-participation-of-its-members-with-the-use-of.md) _Context: Iraq War_
4. [Beau Biden, U.S. Vice President Joseph Biden's son, who had served in the Iraq War and for multiple terms as the Attorney General of Delaware, dies at Walter Reed Medical Center after a battle with malignant brain cancer. ](/news/2015/05/30/beau-biden-u-s-vice-president-joseph-biden-s-son-who-had-served-in-the-iraq-war-and-for-multiple-terms-as-the-attorney-general-of-delawar.md) _Context: Iraq War_
5. [TMZ reveals photos of United States Marines burning bodies of Iraqis prompting an investigation from the Department of Defense. ](/news/2014/01/16/tmz-reveals-photos-of-united-states-marines-burning-bodies-of-iraqis-prompting-an-investigation-from-the-department-of-defense.md) _Context: Iraq War_
6. [A decorated combat veteran of the Iraq War and United States Military Academy (West Point) U.S. Army staff member, Sgt. 1st Class Michael McClendon, is relieved of his duties for allegedly planting cameras to spy on female cadets. ](/news/2013/05/22/a-decorated-combat-veteran-of-the-iraq-war-and-united-states-military-academy-west-point-u-s-army-staff-member-sgt-1st-class-michael-mc.md) _Context: Iraq War_
7. [Former United States Vice President Dick Cheney receives a heart transplant from an unknown donor. ](/news/2012/03/24/former-united-states-vice-president-dick-cheney-receives-a-heart-transplant-from-an-unknown-donor.md) _Context: Dick Cheney_
8. [The last convoy of United States Army soldiers withdraws from Iraq, marking the formal end of the Iraq War. ](/news/2011/12/18/the-last-convoy-of-united-states-army-soldiers-withdraws-from-iraq-marking-the-formal-end-of-the-iraq-war.md) _Context: Iraq War_
9. [The United States flag is lowered in Baghdad marking the end of U.S. military operations in Iraq after eight years of the Iraq War. ](/news/2011/12/15/the-united-states-flag-is-lowered-in-baghdad-marking-the-end-of-u-s-military-operations-in-iraq-after-eight-years-of-the-iraq-war.md) _Context: Iraq War_
10. [A ceremony is held to officially re-name the English town of Wootton Bassett with the prefix "Royal" in honour of its role in the repatriation of British military personnel killed in action in Iraq and Afghanistan. It is the first town to receive such an honour since 1909. ](/news/2011/10/16/a-ceremony-is-held-to-officially-re-name-the-english-town-of-wootton-bassett-with-the-prefix-royal-in-honour-of-its-role-in-the-repatriati.md) _Context: Iraq War_
