### [2005-04-3](/news/2005/04/3/index.md)

#  Various world leaders express their condolences for the death of Pope John Paul II, including Queen Elizabeth II, John Howard, Tony Blair, George W. Bush, Carlo Azeglio Ciampi and Lawrence Gonzi. 




### Source:

1. [AFR](http://afr.com/articles/2005/04/04/1112489383753.html)

### Related:

1. [ "Prime Minister Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:": Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions.: Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister.: Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.: Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy.: Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government.: Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/prime-minister-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-parl.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Queen Elizabeth, Tony Blair_
2. [A private note, due to remain secret despite calls for it to be published by the chairman of the Iraq Inquiry, shows former British prime minister Tony Blair privately assured former American president George W. Bush "you can count on us" before they jointly invaded Iraq prior to the Iraq War. ](/news/2011/01/21/a-private-note-due-to-remain-secret-despite-calls-for-it-to-be-published-by-the-chairman-of-the-iraq-inquiry-shows-former-british-prime-mi.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Tony Blair_
3. [ APEC:: The President of Russia Vladimir Putin signs a uranium deal with the Prime Minister of Australia John Howard before meeting with the President of the United States George W. Bush. ](/news/2007/09/7/apec-the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-signs-a-uranium-deal-with-the-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-before-meeting-with-the.md) _Context: George W. Bush, John Howard_
4. [ APEC: The Prime Minister of Australia John Howard and the President of the United States George W. Bush agree to discuss upgrading the defense relationship with Australia to enjoy the same access to US military technology as the United Kingdom. ](/news/2007/09/5/apec-the-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-and-the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-agree-to-discuss-upgrading-the-defe.md) _Context: George W. Bush, John Howard_
5. [ Tony Blair, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, meets with the President of the United States George W. Bush for the final time before his departure from politics. ](/news/2007/05/16/tony-blair-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-meets-with-the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-for-the-final-time-befor.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Tony Blair_
6. [ Former Malaysian premier Mahathir Mohamad hosts a conference calling for George W. Bush and Tony Blair to be tried by an unofficial tribunal for war crimes in Iraq. ](/news/2007/02/5/former-malaysian-premier-mahathir-mohamad-hosts-a-conference-calling-for-george-w-bush-and-tony-blair-to-be-tried-by-an-unofficial-tribuna.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Tony Blair_
7. [ President of the United States George W. Bush and Prime Minister of Australia John Howard discuss Iraq strategy over lunch. The two leaders are attending an Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation meeting in Hanoi. ](/news/2006/11/17/president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-and-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-discuss-iraq-strategy-over-lunch-the-two-leaders.md) _Context: George W. Bush, John Howard_
8. [ Tony Blair and Arnold Schwarzenegger have announced their intention to collaborate to decrease carbon emissions and fight global warming. Their plan includes incentives for companies which limit their carbon emissions, among other carbon-limiting measures. Schwarzenegger has shown interest in a ban on excessive carbon emissions, which is directly in opposition to statements made by President George W. Bush. ](/news/2006/07/31/tony-blair-and-arnold-schwarzenegger-have-announced-their-intention-to-collaborate-to-decrease-carbon-emissions-and-fight-global-warming-t.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Tony Blair_
9. [ Saddam Hussein aims to sue Tony Blair and George W. Bush for crimes against Iraq. ](/news/2006/02/4/saddam-hussein-aims-to-sue-tony-blair-and-george-w-bush-for-crimes-against-iraq.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Tony Blair_
10. [ A leaked memo in the UK, detailing a conversation between U.S. President George W. Bush and British Prime Minister Tony Blair in 2003, has revealed that Blair intended to follow the US into Iraq even without a UN resolution, and that Bush considered provoking a response from Iraq using falsely marked Lockheed U-2 spy planes to provide an excuse for war. ](/news/2006/02/2/a-leaked-memo-in-the-uk-detailing-a-conversation-between-u-s-president-george-w-bush-and-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-in-2003-has.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Tony Blair_
