### [2013-01-22](/news/2013/01/22/index.md)

# Irish politicians respond to High Court Judge Paul Carney's order that a man who plead guilty in court to repeatedly raping his daughter as a child be granted bail and provisional released. Taoiseach Enda Kenny comments on a nation "filled with revulsion" at the outcome of the case, while opposition politician Gerry Adams refers to abuse his father inflicted on others. 

The prime minister of the Irish Republic says he hopes other rape victims will not be discouraged from coming forward in the wake of the controversial outcome of a rape case.


### Source:

1. [Irish Independent](http://www.independent.ie/national-news/taoiseach-hopes-rape-victims-will-not-be-discouraged-by-patrick-obrien-case-3362383.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-21151193)

### Related:

1. [Ireland's Taoiseach Enda Kenny attacks the Vatican's approach to the child abuse scandals in the country as "absolutely disgraceful", while the Socialist Party's Joe Higgins tells Dail Eireann that people were "throwing their hands in the air" after the report into the sexual abuse scandal in Cloyne diocese was published this week. ](/news/2011/07/15/ireland-s-taoiseach-enda-kenny-attacks-the-vatican-s-approach-to-the-child-abuse-scandals-in-the-country-as-absolutely-disgraceful-while.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Ireland, Taoiseach_
2. [A bomb explodes in Omagh, County Tyrone, Northern Ireland, killing one, hours after around 2,000 participants in a half marathon pass by. The incident evokes memories of the 1998 Omagh bombing, while taoiseach Enda Kenny (Republic of Ireland) accuses the perpetrators of "acting in defiance of the Irish people". ](/news/2011/04/2/a-bomb-explodes-in-omagh-county-tyrone-northern-ireland-killing-one-hours-after-around-2-000-participants-in-a-half-marathon-pass-by-th.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Ireland, Taoiseach_
3. [Enda Kenny is elected as the 13th Taoiseach of Ireland by a margin of 117-27 in the 31st Dail Eireann, replacing Brian Cowen. ](/news/2011/03/9/enda-kenny-is-elected-as-the-13th-taoiseach-of-ireland-by-a-margin-of-117-27-in-the-31st-da-il-aireann-replacing-brian-cowen.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Ireland, Taoiseach_
4. [Ireland's Fine Gael Deputy Leader and Finance Spokesperson Richard Bruton, brother of former Taoiseach John Bruton, is sacked after publicly declaring his lack of confidence in Fine Gael's leader Enda Kenny. ](/news/2010/06/14/ireland-s-fine-gael-deputy-leader-and-finance-spokesperson-richard-bruton-brother-of-former-taoiseach-john-bruton-is-sacked-after-publicly.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Ireland, Taoiseach_
5. [Taoiseach Enda Kenny says that Irish unity must be considered in Brexit talks. ](/news/2016/09/9/taoiseach-enda-kenny-says-that-irish-unity-must-be-considered-in-brexit-talks.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Taoiseach_
6. [The Irish Dail Eireann (parliament) fails to elect a new taoiseach (Prime Minister) with incumbent Enda Kenny carrying on as a caretaker. ](/news/2016/03/10/the-irish-da-il-aireann-parliament-fails-to-elect-a-new-taoiseach-prime-minister-with-incumbent-enda-kenny-carrying-on-as-a-caretaker.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Taoiseach_
7. [Prime Minister Enda Kenny, who rejected suggestions he should resign, says he will "fully and inclusively" engage with other parties, groups and Independents, including Fianna Fail,  as he forms the country's  government. Sinn Fein says it is not interested in forming a coalition government with Kenny's  Fine Gael party. ](/news/2016/03/1/prime-minister-enda-kenny-who-rejected-suggestions-he-should-resign-says-he-will-fully-and-inclusively-engage-with-other-parties-groups.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Taoiseach_
8. [Voters in Ireland go to the polls for a general election. Exit polls indicate that the ruling coalition of Fine Gael party led by Enda Kenny and the Labour Party will fall short of re-election with 34% of the vote between them. ](/news/2016/02/26/voters-in-ireland-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-exit-polls-indicate-that-the-ruling-coalition-of-fine-gael-party-led-by-enda-kenny.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Ireland_
9. [Prince Charles becomes the first member of the British Royal Family to meet with Gerry Adams, the President of Sinn Fin, during a two-day visit to Ireland. ](/news/2015/05/19/prince-charles-becomes-the-first-member-of-the-british-royal-family-to-meet-with-gerry-adams-the-president-of-sinn-fein-during-a-two-day-v.md) _Context: Gerry Adams, Ireland_
10. [Murder of Jean McConville and Arrest of Gerry Adams:Sinn Fein claims that party president Gerry Adams is a victim of "political policing" are dismissed by the Taoiseach (Prime Minister of Ireland) Enda Kenny, British prime minister David Cameron and Northern Ireland First Minister Peter Robinson. ](/news/2014/05/2/murder-of-jean-mcconville-and-arrest-of-gerry-adams-psinn-fa-c-in-claims-that-party-president-gerry-adams-is-a-victim-of-political-policing.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Gerry Adams_
