### [2013-01-22](/news/2013/01/22/index.md)

# Syrian civil war:The government of Jordan says that more than 12,000 Syrians have fled to Jordan in the past six days. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via IOL](http://www.iol.co.za/news/world/12-000-syrians-flee-to-jordan-1.1456512)
2. [AP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5hRI2Mjx3yFaTSXRwQmTRY-qOH6Aw)

### Related:

1. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says Syrian rebels have seized control of the al-Tanf border crossing on the Iraq-Syria border from ISIL militants. The rebel fighters who took the crossing reportedly entered Syria through Jordan. ](/news/2016/03/4/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-syrian-rebels-have-seized-control-of-the-al-tanf-border-crossing-on-the-iraqasyria-border-fro.md) _Context: Jordan, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of  talks  over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan,  the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saud.md) _Context: Jordan, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
3. [The Russian air force bombards the city of Madan and Zor Shamr Camp, south and east of Raqqa, Syria, with cluster bombs, killing six civilians and wounding 19 others. Nearby Alburamadan town  was also struck; there are no reports of civilian casualties. ](/news/2017/07/23/the-russian-air-force-bombards-the-city-of-madan-and-zor-shamr-camp-south-and-east-of-raqqa-syria-with-cluster-bombs-killing-six-civilia.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-of-the-u-s-decisio.md) _Context: Jordan, Syrian Civil War_
5. [The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria-following-russia-s-threat-that-it-would-treat-any-ai.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
6. [After yesterday's downing of a Syrian Su-22 jet, Russia shuts down a deconfliction channel and says it will follow any aircraft west of the Euphrates as a target. ](/news/2017/06/19/after-yesterday-s-downing-of-a-syrian-su-22-jet-russia-shuts-down-a-deconfliction-channel-and-says-it-will-follow-any-aircraft-west-of-the.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Iran fires medium range ballistic missiles from western Iran to ISIL targets in Deir ez-Zor Governorate, eastern Syria, in retaliation for the June 7 Tehran attacks. ](/news/2017/06/18/iran-fires-medium-range-ballistic-missiles-from-western-iran-to-isil-targets-in-deir-ez-zor-governorate-eastern-syria-in-retaliation-for-t.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
8. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
9. [United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid bin Ra'ad calls on all air forces in Syria to better distinguish between military targets and civilians. ](/news/2017/05/26/united-nations-high-commissioner-for-human-rights-zeid-bin-ra-ad-calls-on-all-air-forces-in-syria-to-better-distinguish-between-military-tar.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
10. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
