### [2015-12-1](/news/2015/12/1/index.md)

# A major push by Yemen-based Houthi forces into the kingdom's southern Najran Region kills dozens of Houthi fighters. The Houthi-run Saba News Agency says that Houthi fighters have seized three Saudi military outposts near the city of Najran, destroying several armored vehicles, including two U.S.-made M1 Abrams tanks and three Bradley vehicles. 

Dozens of Yemeni Houthi fighters were killed during an assault on the border with Saudi Arabia, residents and Saudi state television said on Tuesday, in what they described as a major push to try to capture territory inside the kingdom.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/2015/12/01/uk-yemen-security-saudi-idUKKBN0TK45920151201)

### Related:

1. [Five Saudi troops are killed following clashes with Houthi militants in the southern Najran region near the border with Yemen. ](/news/2015/09/14/five-saudi-troops-are-killed-following-clashes-with-houthi-militants-in-the-southern-najran-region-near-the-border-with-yemen.md) _Context: Houthi, Najran Region, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
2. [An air raid kills at least 24 civilians at a market in Houthi-held Saada Governorate, Yemen. ](/news/2017/06/18/an-air-raid-kills-at-least-24-civilians-at-a-market-in-houthi-held-saada-governorate-yemen.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
3. [A Saudi-led coalition airstrike on a market in Al Hudaydah Governorate, Yemen, kills at least 20 civilians and six Houthi militants. ](/news/2017/03/10/a-saudi-led-coalition-airstrike-on-a-market-in-al-hudaydah-governorate-yemen-kills-at-least-20-civilians-and-six-houthi-militants.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
4. [Coalition troops take control of the strategic Yemeni port city of Mocha after driving out Houthi forces. ](/news/2017/02/7/coalition-troops-take-control-of-the-strategic-yemeni-port-city-of-mocha-after-driving-out-houthi-forces.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
5. [The United States is to limit military support to Saudi Arabia's military intervention in Yemen amid concerns over rising civilian casualties. ](/news/2016/12/13/the-united-states-is-to-limit-military-support-to-saudi-arabia-s-military-intervention-in-yemen-amid-concerns-over-rising-civilian-casualtie.md) _Context: Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, United States, Yemen_
6. [The Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) and the United States agree to carry out joint naval patrols to prevent Iranian arms shipments reaching Yemen, the Gulf bloc's secretary general Abdullatif bin Rashid Al Zayani said on Wednesday, following a meeting with United States Secretary of Defense Ash Carter. Iran denies it supplies weapons to the Houthis in Yemen. ](/news/2016/04/20/the-gulf-cooperation-council-gcc-and-the-united-states-agree-to-carry-out-joint-naval-patrols-to-prevent-iranian-arms-shipments-reaching-y.md) _Context: Houthi, United States, Yemen_
7. [A Saudi-led coalition spokesman announces they have exchanged prisoners with their Houthi opponents and "welcome a pause in the combat on the border." Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir said the lull was important to deliver aid and medical supplies to people in northern regions of Yemen. Yesterday, a Houthi delegation was in Saudi Arabia for talks to end the war. Al-Jubeir and his Yemeni counterpart noted formal negotiations to end the fighting can only take place under the auspices of the United Nations. ](/news/2016/03/9/a-saudi-led-coalition-spokesman-announces-they-have-exchanged-prisoners-with-their-houthi-opponents-and-welcome-a-pause-in-the-combat-on-th.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
8. [The United Arab Emirates pulls its troops out of Yemen amid mounting casualties among its forces battling Shia Houthi militants and rising tensions with local fighters in Aden, southern Yemen, which escalated yesterday when Aden International Airport was stormed by local pro-government gunmen. The airport has now been closed. ](/news/2016/02/24/the-united-arab-emirates-pulls-its-troops-out-of-yemen-amid-mounting-casualties-among-its-forces-battling-shia-houthi-militants-and-rising-t.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
9. [Saudi-led coalition airstrikes, targeting Houthi rebels battling pro-government fighters, killed and wounded dozens in the port city of Mocha, according to Yemeni security officials. Around 35 fighters on both sides were killed in the battle over a key military base near the city of Taiz. ](/news/2015/12/8/saudi-led-coalition-airstrikes-targeting-houthi-rebels-battling-pro-government-fighters-killed-and-wounded-dozens-in-the-port-city-of-moch.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
10. [Two ballistic missiles are fired from Yemen at Saudi Arabia, one of which is intercepted by the kingdom's air defences, while the other missile lands near the city of Najran, according to a coalition statement on Saudi state media. No casualties have been reported. ](/news/2015/12/18/two-ballistic-missiles-are-fired-from-yemen-at-saudi-arabia-one-of-which-is-intercepted-by-the-kingdom-s-air-defences-while-the-other-miss.md) _Context: Najran, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
