### [2015-12-1](/news/2015/12/1/index.md)

# A Philippine Olongapo City Regional Trial Court convicts U.S. Marine Joseph Scott Pemberton of homicide over the death of a transgender Filipina woman. 

The court convicted U.S. Marine Joseph Scott Pemberton of the lesser charge of homicide with a sentence of up to 12 years in prison for killing Jennifer Laude. BuzzFeed News’s Meredith Talusan is r...


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-34971925)
2. [Buzzfeed](http://www.buzzfeed.com/meredithtalusan/us-marine-is-guilty#.db5baRMGD)
3. [Rappler](http://www.rappler.com/nation/114533-pemberton-ruling-jennifer-laude)

### Related:

1. [Philippine prosecutors charge a United States Marine with murder over the death of Jennifer Laude, a Filipino transgender woman. ](/news/2014/12/15/philippine-prosecutors-charge-a-united-states-marine-with-murder-over-the-death-of-jennifer-laude-a-filipino-transgender-woman.md) _Context: Death of Jennifer Laude, Philippines, U.S. Marine, transgender_
2. [The United States refuses to extradite a United States Marine to the Philippines where he is charged with murder. ](/news/2014/12/18/the-united-states-refuses-to-extradite-a-united-states-marine-to-the-philippines-where-he-is-charged-with-murder.md) _Context: Death of Jennifer Laude, Philippines, U.S. Marine_
3. [A bill protecting the rights of LGBT in the Philippines is finally up for debate 17 years after being first introduced in the upper legislature with the 2014 killing of a transwoman as the reason for its urgency. ](/news/2016/12/21/a-bill-protecting-the-rights-of-lgbt-in-the-philippines-is-finally-up-for-debate-17-years-after-being-first-introduced-in-the-upper-legislat.md) _Context: Death of Jennifer Laude, Philippines_
4. [Abu Sayyaf of the Philippines allegedly kidnap three Filipino fishermen from their trawler off the Malaysian state of Sabah on Borneo island. ](/news/2016/09/12/abu-sayyaf-of-the-philippines-allegedly-kidnap-three-filipino-fishermen-from-their-trawler-off-the-malaysian-state-of-sabah-on-borneo-island.md) _Context: Filipino, Philippines_
5. [The Google Maps website removes the Chinese name for the Scarborough Shoal bitterly disputed by China and the Philippines from its maps service, following an outcry from Filipinos. ](/news/2015/07/14/the-google-maps-website-removes-the-chinese-name-for-the-scarborough-shoal-bitterly-disputed-by-china-and-the-philippines-from-its-maps-serv.md) _Context: Filipino, Philippines_
6. [A United States Marine is detained on the ''USS Peleliu'', which is docked in Subic Bay, Philippines, after he allegedy murdered Filipino transgender woman Jennifer Laude. ](/news/2014/10/13/a-united-states-marine-is-detained-on-the-uss-peleliu-which-is-docked-in-subic-bay-philippines-after-he-allegedy-murdered-filipino-tr.md) _Context: Death of Jennifer Laude, Philippines_
7. [Five transgender United States military personnel sue President Donald Trump and top Pentagon officials over the President's policy change announced late last month banning transgender people from serving in the military. The suit asks the court to prevent the ban from going into effect. ](/news/2017/08/9/five-transgender-united-states-military-personnel-sue-president-donald-trump-and-top-pentagon-officials-over-the-president-s-policy-change-a.md) _Context: transgender_
8. [The Pentagon is considering conducting airstrikes in Marawi, which if approved would later put U.S. troops on the ground to battle the ISIS-affiliated Maute group as well as related Islamist terror groups. A spokesperson later denied the claims as well as clarified that the Philippines has yet to make a request. ](/news/2017/08/8/the-pentagon-is-considering-conducting-airstrikes-in-marawi-which-if-approved-would-later-put-u-s-troops-on-the-ground-to-battle-the-isis.md) _Context: Philippines_
9. [Viacom International Media Networks has announced it will no longer pursue a Nickelodeon underwater theme park and resort in Palawan, Philippines. The project, announced last January, attracted controversy due to criticisms from environmentalist groups who fear the resort might destroy the area's marine eocsystem, home to two UNESCO World Heritage sites. ](/news/2017/08/22/viacom-international-media-networks-has-announced-it-will-no-longer-pursue-a-nickelodeon-underwater-theme-park-and-resort-in-palawan-philip.md) _Context: Philippines_
10. [The Court of Appeals of the Philippines has junked U.S. Marine Joseph Scott Pemberton's motion for reconsideration, re-affirming its decision last April upholding the 2015 homicide ruling of the Olongapo City Regional Trial Court; citing the defendant's arguments as mere "rehash of issues". The Court of Appeals also upheld the payment of [?] 4.32 million to Jennifer Laude's family for "loss of earning capacity". Pemberton faces 10 years in prison. ](/news/2017/08/20/the-court-of-appeals-of-the-philippines-has-junked-u-s-marine-joseph-scott-pemberton-s-motion-for-reconsideration-re-affirming-its-decisio.md) _Context: Death of Jennifer Laude_
