### [2015-12-1](/news/2015/12/1/index.md)

# A study published in the "Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences" on gender identity reports brains do not really fit into "male" or "female" categories. Tel Aviv University's Daphna Joel's research team, in analyzing the MRI scans of some 1,400 individuals, found only a very small number of the brains studied had features that were entirely male, female, or intermediate between the two. The vast majority had a mosaic. 

National Academy of Sciences


### Source:

1. [Daphna Joel](http://people.socsci.tau.ac.il/mu/daphnajoel/)
2. [The Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences](http://www.pnas.org/content/early/2015/11/24/1509654112.abstract)
3. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/speaking-of-science/wp/2015/12/01/brains-arent-actually-male-or-female-new-study-suggests/?wpmm=1&wpisrc=nl_evening)

### Related:

1. [A paper published in The Lancet by a team led by Christos Pantelis from the University of Melbourne suggests that it may be possible to predict the onset of schizophrenia using magnetic resonance imaging of the brain. If so, this will be the first time that brain scans have been used to predict the onset of a mental illness, offering the possibility of preventative treatment before a major psychotic episode.](/news/2002/12/10/a-paper-published-in-the-lancet-by-a-team-led-by-christos-pantelis-from-the-university-of-melbourne-suggests-that-it-may-be-possible-to-pred.md) _Context: MRI scans, brain_
2. [Scientists announce, through the "Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America", that live specimens of the rare "Kuphus polythalamia" (giant shipworm) have been discovered for the first time in the Philippines. ](/news/2017/04/18/scientists-announce-through-the-proceedings-of-the-national-academy-of-sciences-of-the-united-states-of-america-that-live-specimens-of-t.md) _Context: Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America_
3. [A new study by University of Colorado Boulder researchers, published in the "Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences", finds opioid medicines can paradoxically cause an increase in chronic pain in lab rats. ](/news/2016/05/30/a-new-study-by-university-of-colorado-boulder-researchers-published-in-the-proceedings-of-the-national-academy-of-sciences-finds-opioid.md) _Context: Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America_
4. [The United States Education and Justice Departments advise U.S. public school districts across the country to allow transgender students to use the bathrooms that match their gender identity, rather than their gender at birth. The new guidance comes as Justice and North Carolina battle in federal court over the state's new so-called bathroom bill. ](/news/2016/05/13/the-united-states-education-and-justice-departments-advise-u-s-public-school-districts-across-the-country-to-allow-transgender-students-to.md) _Context: gender identity_
5. [ The American Civil Liberties Union and Lambda Legal file a federal lawsuit against a new North Carolina law that bars transgender people from choosing bathrooms consistent with their gender identity, arguing the measure is discriminatory and threatens individuals' personal safety. ](/news/2016/03/28/the-american-civil-liberties-union-and-lambda-legal-file-a-federal-lawsuit-against-a-new-north-carolina-law-that-bars-transgender-people-fr.md) _Context: gender identity_
6. [Scientists, in the "Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences" scientific journal, report that so-called fairy circles are caused by the plants themselves, which have self-organized. Michael Cramer and Nichole Barger suggested this in 2013. ](/news/2016/03/15/scientists-in-the-proceedings-of-the-national-academy-of-sciences-scientific-journal-report-that-so-called-fairy-circles-are-caused-by-t.md) _Context: Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America_
7. [Transgender and schools: In the[United States, the South Dakota legislature passes a bill requiring students, even those identifying as transgender, to use the school bathroom corresponding to their sex at birth. It now moves to Governor Dennis Daugaard for his approval or veto. ](/news/2016/02/17/transgender-and-schools-in-the-united-states-the-south-dakota-legislature-passes-a-bill-requiring-students-even-those-identifying-as-tran.md) _Context: gender identity_
8. [Pope Francis' 2015 visit to North America: A one-year old baby girl with an apparently incurable illness, who was kissed by Pope Francis during his visit to Philadelphia in September, gets MRI results showing her brain tumor has shrunk significantly. Some friends and family call it the "Miracle on Market Street." ](/news/2015/11/25/pope-francis-2015-visit-to-north-america-a-one-year-old-baby-girl-with-an-apparently-incurable-illness-who-was-kissed-by-pope-francis-dur.md) _Context: MRI scans_
9. [A Duke research scientist announces that he has successfully connected the brains of two rats in such a way that they share information. ](/news/2013/02/28/a-duke-research-scientist-announces-that-he-has-successfully-connected-the-brains-of-two-rats-in-such-a-way-that-they-share-information.md) _Context: brain_
10. [U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton making "excellent progress" at NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital after a blood clot in a vein was found in a sinus between her brain and skull. ](/news/2012/12/31/u-s-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-making-excellent-progress-at-newyork-presbyterian-hospital-after-a-blood-clot-in-a-vein-was-foun.md) _Context: brain_
