### [2015-12-1](/news/2015/12/1/index.md)

# Death of Jennifer Laude: A Philippine Olongapo City Regional Trial Court convicts U.S. Marine Joseph Scott Pemberton of homicide over the death of a transgender Filipina woman. 

The court convicted U.S. Marine Joseph Scott Pemberton of the lesser charge of homicide with a sentence of up to 12 years in prison for killing Jennifer Laude. BuzzFeed News’s Meredith Talusan is r...


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-34971925)
2. [Buzzfeed](http://www.buzzfeed.com/meredithtalusan/us-marine-is-guilty#.db5baRMGD)
3. [Rappler](http://www.rappler.com/nation/114533-pemberton-ruling-jennifer-laude)

### Related:

1. [Philippine prosecutors charge a United States Marine with murder over the death of Jennifer Laude, a Filipino transgender woman. ](/news/2014/12/15/philippine-prosecutors-charge-a-united-states-marine-with-murder-over-the-death-of-jennifer-laude-a-filipino-transgender-woman.md) _Context: Death of Jennifer Laude, Philippines, U.S. Marine, transgender_
2. [Death of Jennifer Laude: The United States refuses to extradite a United States Marine to the Philippines where he is charged with murder. ](/news/2014/12/18/death-of-jennifer-laude-the-united-states-refuses-to-extradite-a-united-states-marine-to-the-philippines-where-he-is-charged-with-murder.md) _Context: Death of Jennifer Laude, Philippines, U.S. Marine_
3. [A bill protecting the rights of LGBT in the Philippines is finally up for debate 17 years after being first introduced in the upper legislature with the 2014 killing of a transwoman as the reason for its urgency. ](/news/2016/12/21/a-bill-protecting-the-rights-of-lgbt-in-the-philippines-is-finally-up-for-debate-17-years-after-being-first-introduced-in-the-upper-legislat.md) _Context: Death of Jennifer Laude, Philippines_
4. [Moro conflict: Abu Sayyaf of the Philippines allegedly kidnap three Filipino fishermen from their trawler off the Malaysian state of Sabah on Borneo island. ](/news/2016/09/12/moro-conflict-abu-sayyaf-of-the-philippines-allegedly-kidnap-three-filipino-fishermen-from-their-trawler-off-the-malaysian-state-of-sabah-o.md) _Context: Filipino, Philippines_
5. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea: The Google Maps website removes the Chinese name for the Scarborough Shoal bitterly disputed by China and the Philippines from its maps service, following an outcry from Filipinos. ](/news/2015/07/14/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-the-google-maps-website-removes-the-chinese-name-for-the-scarborough-shoal-bitterly-disputed-by.md) _Context: Filipino, Philippines_
6. [A United States Marine is detained on the "USS Peleliu", which is docked in Subic Bay, Philippines, after he allegedy murdered Filipino transgender woman Jennifer Laude. ](/news/2014/10/13/a-united-states-marine-is-detained-on-the-uss-peleliu-which-is-docked-in-subic-bay-philippines-after-he-allegedy-murdered-filipino-tran.md) _Context: Death of Jennifer Laude, Philippines_
7. [Sexual orientation and gender identity in the United States military: Five transgender United States military personnel sue President Donald Trump and top Pentagon officials over the President's policy change announced late last month banning transgender people from serving in the military. The suit asks the court to prevent the ban from going into effect. ](/news/2017/08/9/sexual-orientation-and-gender-identity-in-the-united-states-military-five-transgender-united-states-military-personnel-sue-president-donald.md) _Context: transgender_
8. [Battle of Marawi: The Pentagon is considering conducting airstrikes in Marawi, which if approved would later put U.S. troops on the ground to battle the ISIS-affiliated Maute group as well as related Islamist terror groups. A spokesperson later denied the claims as well as clarified that the Philippines has yet to make a request. ](/news/2017/08/8/battle-of-marawi-the-pentagon-is-considering-conducting-airstrikes-in-marawi-which-if-approved-would-later-put-u-s-troops-on-the-ground-t.md) _Context: Philippines_
9. [Philippine Drug War: Hundreds of sympathizers attend the funeral procession of a teenager killed allegedly due to the ongoing drug purge in the Philippines. ](/news/2017/08/26/philippine-drug-war-hundreds-of-sympathizers-attend-the-funeral-procession-of-a-teenager-killed-allegedly-due-to-the-ongoing-drug-purge-in.md) _Context: Philippines_
10. [Sexual orientation and gender identity in the United States military: President Donald Trump issues a presidential memorandum that stops funding of sex reassignment procedures for military personnel, and that denies entry of transgender individuals into the military. President Trump announced this policy change via twitter in late July. Two LGBT rights organizations filed a federal lawsuit two weeks ago arguing this policy change is unconstitutional because it denies transgender service members equal protection and due process. ](/news/2017/08/25/sexual-orientation-and-gender-identity-in-the-united-states-military-president-donald-trump-issues-a-presidential-memorandum-that-stops-fun.md) _Context: transgender_
