### [2015-12-1](/news/2015/12/1/index.md)

# The Lebanese Army and the  al-Nusra Front conduct a prisoner exchange with Saja Dulaimi, former wife of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, leader of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, being one of the prisoners released. The exchange was brokered by Qatar. 

Qatari-brokered deal secures release of 16 Lebanese security officers seized by Syrian group in exchange for 13 people.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/2015/12/01/mideast-crisis-lebanon-idINKBN0TK3O420151201)
2. [Al-Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2015/12/lebanese-hostages-released-prisoner-swap-151201072408599.html)

### Related:

1. [Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ceasefire-is-said-to.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, al-Nusra_
2. [Syrian civil war and The U.S. Obama administration and the Russian Putin administration agree to a Syrian peace deal. The deal is intended to end combat in specified areas and create a joint center of combat to fight ISIL and Al-Nusra Front. ](/news/2016/09/10/syrian-civil-war-and-the-u-s-obama-administration-and-the-russian-putin-administration-agree-to-a-syrian-peace-deal-the-deal-is-intended-t.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, al-Nusra_
3. [The United States Air Force deploys B-52 bombers to Al Udeid Air Base in Qatar to join operations against ISIL in Syria and Iraq. This is the first time they have been stationed in the Middle East since the end of the Gulf War in 1991. ](/news/2016/04/9/the-united-states-air-force-deploys-b-52-bombers-to-al-udeid-air-base-in-qatar-to-join-operations-against-isil-in-syria-and-iraq-this-is-th.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Qatar_
4. [Sergey Lavrov, the Foreign Minister of Russia, says that Russia's bombing campaign will continue until terrorist organisations like ISIL and Jabhat al-Nusra are defeated; the Syrian opposition's High Negotiations Committee has voiced outrage at an ongoing government offensive backed by Russian air power and called for a halt to air strikes against civilians, among other demands. ](/news/2016/02/3/sergey-lavrov-the-foreign-minister-of-russia-says-that-russia-s-bombing-campaign-will-continue-until-terrorist-organisations-like-isil-and.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, al-Nusra_
5. [The Russian Government says Russian jets bombed Syria for the third consecutive day, hitting 12 Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) targets. The UK-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports that ISIL has no presence in the western and northern areas struck though Al-Qaeda's Syrian affiliate al-Nusra Front does. Russian planes also bombed Raqqah, the unofficial capital of ISIL. ](/news/2015/10/2/the-russian-government-says-russian-jets-bombed-syria-for-the-third-consecutive-day-hitting-12-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-isil.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, al-Nusra_
6. [Iraq's military reports bombing a convoy possibly carrying Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant leader, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.  The group was headed to a meeting in the western Al Anbar Governorate, close to the Syrian border. Eight senior ISIS figures were killed, but al-Baghdadi did not appear to be among them according to Iraqi officials.  ](/news/2015/10/11/iraq-s-military-reports-bombing-a-convoy-possibly-carrying-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-the-group-was.md) _Context: Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [A suicide attack by al-Nusra Front (al-Qaeda's official affiliate in Syria) at a cafe in Tripoli, Lebanon, kills at least seven people.](/news/2015/01/10/a-suicide-attack-by-al-nusra-front-al-qaeda-s-official-affiliate-in-syria-at-a-cafa-c-in-tripoli-lebanon-kills-at-least-seven-people.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon, al-Nusra_
8. [2014 military intervention against ISIS: The al-Nusra Front threatens retaliation against nations participating in air strikes against Islamic State. ](/news/2014/09/28/2014-military-intervention-against-isis-the-al-nusra-front-threatens-retaliation-against-nations-participating-in-air-strikes-against-islam.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, al-Nusra_
9. [The Lebanese Army states that 14 soldiers have been killed and 22 are missing after alleged clashes with Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant fighters on the Syrian border. ](/news/2014/08/4/the-lebanese-army-states-that-14-soldiers-have-been-killed-and-22-are-missing-after-alleged-clashes-with-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levan.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Lebanese Army_
10. [The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant is renamed The Islamic State, with a caliphate being proclaimed and Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi being named caliph. ](/news/2014/06/29/the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-is-renamed-the-islamic-state-with-a-caliphate-being-proclaimed-and-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-being-name.md) _Context: Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
