### [2015-12-1](/news/2015/12/1/index.md)

# The U.S. Supreme Court  rejected a request from Texas and other states for a 30-day extension to file legal briefs in support of the lawsuit to block the immigration plan. Instead, the justices accepted the Justice Department's request for a shortened eight-day extension, meaning that if the court decides to take the case, a decision would probably come by late June. The court is not expected to decide until January whether to take the case. 

The high court&rsquo;s decision is an important victory for the Obama administration.


### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/supreme-court-denies-states-requests-for-filing-extension-in-immigration-suit/2015/12/01/34f5e116-987c-11e5-b499-76cbec161973_story.html?wpmm=1&wpisrc=nl_headlines)

### Related:

1. [The Supreme Court of the United States strikes down a law that would have required abortion clinics in Texas to upgrade in order to meet new "hospital-like" standards. Supporters of abortion rights said that the proposed law would force nearly all abortion clinics in the state to shut down, while their opponents argued for women's health benefits. ](/news/2016/06/27/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-strikes-down-a-law-that-would-have-required-abortion-clinics-in-texas-to-upgrade-in-order-to-meet-new.md) _Context: Texas, U.S. Supreme Court_
2. [A United States federal district judge rules unconstitutional a provision in an Alabama state law that requires  doctors who perform abortions to have admitting privileges at a local hospital.  A Florida law enacted today contains a comparable provision to Alabama's. The U.S. Supreme Court heard arguments  a few weeks ago  on the constitutionality of similar abortion restrictions in Texas. ](/news/2016/03/25/a-united-states-federal-district-judge-rules-unconstitutional-a-provision-in-an-alabama-state-law-that-requires-doctors-who-perform-abortio.md) _Context: Texas, U.S. Supreme Court_
3. [The Supreme Court of the United States halts the execution of Duane Buck for double murder in Texas while it reviews his case that the sentence was unfair because of a question asked about race during his trial. ](/news/2011/09/15/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-halts-the-execution-of-duane-buck-for-double-murder-in-texas-while-it-reviews-his-case-that-the-sente.md) _Context: Texas, U.S. Supreme Court_
4. [The U.S. Supreme Court rules that the North Carolina state legislative members do not have standing to request an appeal of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit ruling against a law which barred unidentified voters from the ballot. The Supreme Court's decision makes no explicit judgements on the previous law, but the decision's outcome nevertheless prohibits the voter identification requirement. In his statement, Chief Justice John Roberts wrote (''North Carolina v. North Carolina State Conference of the NAACP'') that the high court's denied ''certiorari'' in hearing the case should not be interpreted as commenting on the law's merit, noting that one reason for not hearing it was a dispute over who represented the state - referencing a "blizzard of filings over who is and who is not authorized to seek review in this court under North Carolina law." ](/news/2017/05/15/the-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-the-north-carolina-state-legislative-members-do-not-have-standing-to-request-an-appeal-of-the-u-s-court-o.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
5. [Neil Gorsuch is confirmed as the 113th justice of the Supreme Court of the United States by a 54-45 vote in the United States Senate after invocation of the "nuclear option". ](/news/2017/04/7/neil-gorsuch-is-confirmed-as-the-113th-justice-of-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-by-a-54a45-vote-in-the-united-states-senate-after.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
6. [At least 7 people are killed in the US states of Missouri, Arkansas and Texas due to tornadoes and floods. ](/news/2017/04/29/at-least-7-people-are-killed-in-the-us-states-of-missouri-arkansas-and-texas-due-to-tornadoes-and-floods.md) _Context: Texas_
7. [Arkansas becomes the first U.S. state since Texas in 2000 to hold two executions on the same day as executes convicted murderers Jack Jones, Jr. and Marcel Williams. ](/news/2017/04/24/arkansas-becomes-the-first-u-s-state-since-texas-in-2000-to-hold-two-executions-on-the-same-day-as-executes-convicted-murderers-jack-jones.md) _Context: Texas_
8. [The Supreme Court of the United States refuses to vacate a stay of execution issued by the Arkansas Supreme Court. Arkansas's highest court has also put on hold the execution of another inmate, Bruce Ward. The state had planned to execute eight inmates in eleven days. That schedule, as well as the use of the drug midazolam, sparked a broad range of legal challenges and humanitarian concerns about the executions. Today's planned execution of Don W. Davis would have been the state's first since 2005. ](/news/2017/04/18/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-refuses-to-vacate-a-stay-of-execution-issued-by-the-arkansas-supreme-court-arkansas-s-highest-court.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
9. [U.S. President Donald Trump's lawyers tell a federal court, in a case alleging negligence and incitement to riot during a 2016 campaign rally in Louisville, Kentucky, that he is "immune from suit because he is President of the United States." A lawyer for the plaintiffs responds that, in ''Clinton v. Jones'', the Supreme Court found the president could be sued for events that occurred before he took office. ](/news/2017/04/15/u-s-president-donald-trump-s-lawyers-tell-a-federal-court-in-a-case-alleging-negligence-and-incitement-to-riot-during-a-2016-campaign-rall.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
10. [A head on crash between a pickup truck and a church bus outside Garner State Park in the American state of Texas kills at least 12 people and injures 3 others. ](/news/2017/03/29/a-head-on-crash-between-a-pickup-truck-and-a-church-bus-outside-garner-state-park-in-the-american-state-of-texas-kills-at-least-12-people-an.md) _Context: Texas_
