### [2015-12-1](/news/2015/12/1/index.md)

# The United States Centers for Disease Control announces the number of people newly diagnosed with diabetes declined in 2014 for the fifth consecutive year. Experts do not know whether efforts to prevent diabetes are finally started to work, or if the disease has simply peaked in the population. 

The number of people being diagnosed with diabetes has been on the decline since 2009, after soaring for decades. Doctors say people may be changing their eating and exercise habits for the better.


### Source:

1. [NPR](http://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/2015/12/01/458024442/fewer-people-are-getting-diabetes-but-the-epidemic-isnt-over)
2. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/01/health/new-diabetes-cases-at-long-last-begin-to-fall-in-the-united-states.html?_r=0)

### Related:

1. [ The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports at that least 270 pregnant women in the United States are infected with the Zika virus. ](/news/2016/05/20/the-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-reports-at-that-least-270-pregnant-women-in-the-united-states-are-infected-with-the-zika-vir.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, United States_
2. [The United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention confirms that the Zika virus causes birth defects like microcephaly. ](/news/2016/04/13/the-united-states-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-confirms-that-the-zika-virus-causes-birth-defects-like-microcephaly.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, United States_
3. [The United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is investigating 14 cases where the Zika virus may have been sexually transmitted. ](/news/2016/02/23/the-united-states-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-is-investigating-14-cases-where-the-zika-virus-may-have-been-sexually-transmitt.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, United States_
4. [The United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention announces that there will be a 21-day monitoring period for all travelers from Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea. ](/news/2014/10/22/the-united-states-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-announces-that-there-will-be-a-21-day-monitoring-period-for-all-travelers-from.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, United States_
5. [The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention project that as many as 1 in 3 adult Americans will have diabetes by 2050 if current trends in diet and exercise continue.](/news/2010/10/23/the-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-project-that-as-many-as-1-in-3-adult-americans-will-have-diabetes-by-2050-if-current-trends-i.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, United States_
6. [ The United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention warns consumers not to eat Banquet pot pies or other pot pies made by ConAgra with a printed code ending in C9 due to possible links with a salmonella outbreak. ](/news/2007/10/10/the-united-states-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-warns-consumers-not-to-eat-banquet-pot-pies-or-other-pot-pies-made-by-conagra.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, United States_
7. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: United States_
8. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: United States_
9. [The United States Department of Justice has requested media organization Russia Today to register as a foreign lobbying firm in the United States. ](/news/2017/09/12/the-united-states-department-of-justice-has-requested-media-organization-russia-today-to-register-as-a-foreign-lobbying-firm-in-the-united-s.md) _Context: United States_
10. [The United States State Department orders Russia to close the Consulate-General in San Francisco and two other buildings by September 2, 2017, invoking "parity" over a Russian measure in July. ](/news/2017/08/31/the-united-states-state-department-orders-russia-to-close-the-consulate-general-in-san-francisco-and-two-other-buildings-by-september-2-201.md) _Context: United States_
