### [2016-12-7](/news/2016/12/7/index.md)

# John F. Kelly is selected as Secretary of Homeland Security. [https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/retired-marine-gen-john-f-kelly-picked-to-head-department-of-homeland-security/2016/12/07/165472f2-bbe6-11e6-94ac-3d324840106c_story.html?hpid=hp_hp-top-table-main_kelly-1140a%3Ahomepage%2Fstory ("The Washington Post")]Linda McMahon is selected as Administrator of the Scott Pruitt is selected as Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency




### Related:

1. [With a 52-46 vote, the U.S. Senate confirms Attorney General of Oklahoma Scott Pruitt as the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. Breaking with party lines, Republican Susan Collins opposed the nomination, while Democrats Heidi Heitkamp and Joe Manchin supported Pruitt, who has been described as a climate change denier with a history of criticizing the agency he now leads. ](/news/2017/02/17/with-a-52a46-vote-the-u-s-senate-confirms-attorney-general-of-oklahoma-scott-pruitt-as-the-administrator-of-the-environmental-protection.md) _Context: Scott Pruitt_
2. [United States President-elect Donald Trump indicates that he will nominate former Indiana senator Dan Coats as Director of National Intelligence. ](/news/2017/01/7/united-states-president-elect-donald-trump-indicates-that-he-will-nominate-former-indiana-senator-dan-coats-as-director-of-national-intellig.md) _Context: Presidential transition of Donald Trump_
3. [President-elect Donald Trump fills in more of his White House staff. ](/news/2017/01/4/president-elect-donald-trump-fills-in-more-of-his-white-house-staff.md) _Context: Presidential transition of Donald Trump_
4. [U.S. President-elect Donald Trump says that Robert Lighthizer will be the country's chief trade negotiator. ](/news/2017/01/3/u-s-president-elect-donald-trump-says-that-robert-lighthizer-will-be-the-country-s-chief-trade-negotiator.md) _Context: Presidential transition of Donald Trump_
5. [Former Georgia Governor Sonny Perdue is named Secretary of Agriculture, the last open seat in Trump's cabinet. ](/news/2017/01/19/former-georgia-governor-sonny-perdue-is-named-secretary-of-agriculture-the-last-open-seat-in-trump-s-cabinet.md) _Context: Presidential transition of Donald Trump_
6. [President-elect Donald Trump appoints businessman and son-in-law Jared Kushner as his senior advisor in the White House. ](/news/2017/01/10/president-elect-donald-trump-appoints-businessman-and-son-in-law-jared-kushner-as-his-senior-advisor-in-the-white-house.md) _Context: Presidential transition of Donald Trump_
7. [ Donald Trump requests Gary Cohn, chief operating officer of investment bank Goldman Sachs, to join his administration as chair of the White House National Economic Council. ](/news/2016/12/9/donald-trump-requests-gary-cohn-chief-operating-officer-of-investment-bank-goldman-sachs-to-join-his-administration-as-chair-of-the-white.md) _Context: Presidential transition of Donald Trump_
8. [Carl's Jr./Hardee's executive and minimum wage reform critic Andrew Puzder is selected as United States Secretary of Labor. ](/news/2016/12/8/carl-s-jr-hardee-s-executive-and-minimum-wage-reform-critic-andrew-puzder-is-selected-as-united-states-secretary-of-labor.md) _Context: Presidential transition of Donald Trump_
9. [President-elect Donald Trump nominates Ben Carson for United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. ](/news/2016/12/5/president-elect-donald-trump-nominates-ben-carson-for-united-states-secretary-of-housing-and-urban-development.md) _Context: Presidential transition of Donald Trump_
10. [President-elect Donald Trump names his former presidential campaign manager Kellyanne Conway as his Counselor to the President. ](/news/2016/12/22/president-elect-donald-trump-names-his-former-presidential-campaign-manager-kellyanne-conway-as-his-counselor-to-the-president.md) _Context: Presidential transition of Donald Trump_
