### [2016-12-7](/news/2016/12/7/index.md)

# Mark A. Goldsmith, a United States district judge on the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan ends a recount for the state of Michigan after a state court found that Green Party of the United States candidate Jill Stein had no standing to seek a recount. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Yahoo! News](https://www.yahoo.com/news/federal-judge-weighs-whether-end-michigan-recount-062736443--election.html?ref=gs)

### Related:

1. [Former Presidential Green Party candidate Jill Stein is seeking donations for recount efforts in Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin. ](/news/2016/11/24/former-presidential-green-party-candidate-jill-stein-is-seeking-donations-for-recount-efforts-in-michigan-pennsylvania-and-wisconsin.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Green Party of the United States, Jill Stein, Michigan_
2. [The campaign of Republican president-elect Donald Trump has called the planned recounts by Green nominee Jill Stein's campaign in Wisconsin, Pennsylvania and Michigan a "scam" and has criticized the participation of the campaign of Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton. ](/news/2016/11/27/the-campaign-of-republican-presidentaelect-donald-trump-has-called-the-planned-recounts-by-green-nominee-jill-stein-s-campaign-in-wisconsi.md) _Context: Green Party of the United States, Jill Stein, Michigan_
3. [Jill Stein's campaign to hold recounts in Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin receives grassroots support, having crowdfunded millions of dollars through private donations. ](/news/2016/11/25/jill-stein-s-campaign-to-hold-recounts-in-michigan-pennsylvania-and-wisconsin-receives-grassroots-support-having-crowdfunded-millions-of.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Jill Stein, Michigan_
4. [ A federal judge in Michigan, Mark A. Goldsmith, rules that a recount in the Presidential Election vote in that state must begin on Monday, December 5. ](/news/2016/12/5/a-federal-judge-in-michigan-mark-a-goldsmith-rules-that-a-recount-in-the-presidential-election-vote-in-that-state-must-begin-on-monday.md) _Context: Mark A. Goldsmith, Michigan_
5. [Jill Stein, the 2016 presidential candidate for the Green Party, withdraws her lawsuit in the Commonwealth Court of Pennsylvania for a statewide recount of votes in Pennsylvania due to the cost. ](/news/2016/12/3/jill-stein-the-2016-presidential-candidate-for-the-green-party-withdraws-her-lawsuit-in-the-commonwealth-court-of-pennsylvania-for-a-state.md) _Context: Green Party of the United States, Jill Stein_
6. [The campaign of Jill Stein files for a recount in Pennsylvania and plans to do so in Michigan. ](/news/2016/11/28/the-campaign-of-jill-stein-files-for-a-recount-in-pennsylvania-and-plans-to-do-so-in-michigan.md) _Context: Jill Stein, Michigan_
7. [President-elect Donald Trump is declared as the winner in Michigan, causing his electoral college vote to rise to 306. Hillary Clinton's margin in the popular vote rises to over two million. ](/news/2016/11/28/president-elect-donald-trump-is-declared-as-the-winner-in-michigan-causing-his-electoral-college-vote-to-rise-to-306-hillary-clinton-s-mar.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Michigan_
8. [The Clinton campaign announces it will participate in efforts to push for recounts by Jill Stein's campaign in Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin. ](/news/2016/11/26/the-clinton-campaign-announces-it-will-participate-in-efforts-to-push-for-recounts-by-jill-stein-s-campaign-in-michigan-pennsylvania-and-wi.md) _Context: Jill Stein, Michigan_
9. [The sheriff's department of Morton County, North Dakota, issues arrest warrants for United States Green Party presidential candidate, Jill Stein, and her running-mate, Ajamu Baraka on charges of criminal trespass and criminal mischief. The county sheriff's department says that Stein and Baraka vandalized equipment at a controversial pipeline construction site. ](/news/2016/09/7/the-sheriff-s-department-of-morton-county-north-dakota-issues-arrest-warrants-for-united-states-green-party-presidential-candidate-jill-s.md) _Context: Green Party of the United States, Jill Stein_
10. [The Commission on Presidential Debates officially announces the invitation of Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton, and GOP nominee Donald Trump, to the first presidential debate at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York, on September 26. However, third party candidates, Gary Johnson and Jill Stein, have not met the criteria, and will not be participants in the debate. ](/news/2016/09/16/the-commission-on-presidential-debates-officially-announces-the-invitation-of-democratic-party-nominee-hillary-clinton-and-gop-nominee-dona.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Jill Stein_
