### [2016-12-7](/news/2016/12/7/index.md)

# Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte accuses the opposition Liberal Party of trying to oust him and install the current vice president Leni Robredo to the presidency. 




### Source:

1. [Rappler](http://www.rappler.com/nation/154873-duterte-robredo-liberal-party-plot-oust)
1. [Cover Image](https://assets.rappler.com/4341ACD8B119411CA072D268EAC83637/img/A709351203CC476CB23399D54BC69BEC/duterte-cabinet-meeting-20160711-001.jpg)

### Related:

1. [In alleged emulation of Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte's war on drugs, Indonesian President Joko Widodo announces orders for police to "shoot" suspected drug dealers without trial. ](/news/2017/07/23/in-alleged-emulation-of-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-war-on-drugs-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-announces-orders-for-police-to.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
2. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte threatens the "Philippine Daily Inquirer" with an expose. The newspaper has been a long-time ally of the politically prominent Aquino family (ever since the 1986 EDSA People Power Revolution), as well as the minority opposition Liberal Party (of which the Vice President of the Philippines Leni Robredo is its prominent member); both have been consistent in their criticisms of the Duterty presidency and its policies since its inauguration in 2016. ](/news/2017/07/1/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-threatens-the-philippine-daily-inquirer-with-an-exposa-c-the-newspaper-has-been-a-long-time-a.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, Liberal Party, Rodrigo Duterte_
3. [Philippine vice president Leni Robredo faces an impeachment charge before the House of Representatives for condemning the country's war on drugs at the United Nations. ](/news/2017/05/2/philippine-vice-president-leni-robredo-faces-an-impeachment-charge-before-the-house-of-representatives-for-condemning-the-country-s-war-on-d.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, Philippine Drug War, Philippines_
4. [A Filipino lawyer files a complaint of "mass murder and crimes against humanity" against Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte and eleven other officials at the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2017/04/24/a-filipino-lawyer-files-a-complaint-of-mass-murder-and-crimes-against-humanity-against-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-and-eleven-ot.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
5. [The Liberal Party of the Philippines, the party of vice president Leni Robredo and detained senator Leila de Lima, formally becomes the opposition after its members and its ally from the Akbayan party are ousted from key positions in the Senate. ](/news/2017/02/27/the-liberal-party-of-the-philippines-the-party-of-vice-president-leni-robredo-and-detained-senator-leila-de-lima-formally-becomes-the-oppo.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, Liberal Party, Philippines_
6. [The Commission on Human Rights launches an investigation into alleged murders committed by current Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte. ](/news/2016/12/22/the-commission-on-human-rights-launches-an-investigation-into-alleged-murders-committed-by-current-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
7. [The Philippines cabinet of Rodrigo Duterte, through former journalist Martin Andanar, criticizes the Western media's coverage of the Philippine Drug War, particularly that of "The New York Times", and urges them to cover the purge more effectively. ](/news/2016/12/14/the-philippines-cabinet-of-rodrigo-duterte-through-former-journalist-martin-andanar-criticizes-the-western-media-s-coverage-of-the-philipp.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
8. [In the Philippines, demonstrators call for President Rodrigo Duterte to address extrajudicial killings linked to the Philippine Drug War, ongoing military operations against communist rebels, and the controversial burial of Ferdinand Marcos in the Heroes' Cemetery. An effigy of Marcos was made as a centerpiece of the protest. ](/news/2016/12/10/in-the-philippines-demonstrators-call-for-president-rodrigo-duterte-to-address-extrajudicial-killings-linked-to-the-philippine-drug-war-on.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
9. [Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte accuses the Liberal Party of former president Benigno Aquino III and their allies of orchestrating an impeachment complaint against him regarding his anti-drug campaign. ](/news/2016/09/13/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-accuses-the-liberal-party-of-former-president-benigno-aquino-iii-and-their-allies-of-orchestrating-an-i.md) _Context: Liberal Party, Philippine Drug War, Rodrigo Duterte_
10. [Rodrigo Duterte says he might declare martial law in the Philippines if his spat with the Supreme Court escalates. ](/news/2016/08/9/rodrigo-duterte-says-he-might-declare-martial-law-in-the-philippines-if-his-spat-with-the-supreme-court-escalates.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
