### [2016-12-7](/news/2016/12/7/index.md)

#  Syrian Civil War. Battle of Aleppo (2012-present). Aleppo offensive (November-December 2016). Syrian rebels withdraw from the old city of Aleppo. 

Turkish warplanes pounded 12 Islamic State targets in the al-Bab region of northern Syria on Wednesday, killing 23 militants, the military said.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-38233962)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-turkey-idUSKBN13W0XQ)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War. Rebels in Aleppo launch an assault on government-controlled areas in the city. This comes after the Syrian Army blocked off the only road leading into opposition-controlled areas. According to state media, at least eight people have been killed and dozens more are wounded. ](/news/2016/07/11/syrian-civil-war-rebels-in-aleppo-launch-an-assault-on-government-controlled-areas-in-the-city-this-comes-after-the-syrian-army-blocked-of.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War, the battle for Aleppo_
2. [Syrian Civil War. Battle of Aleppo (2012-present). At least nine civilians are killed and dozens are injured after rockets and mortars hit the mainly Kurdish neighborhood of Sheikh Maqsood in the city of Aleppo. The neighborhood is controlled by the People's Protection Units (YPG). ](/news/2016/03/6/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-aleppo-2012-present-at-least-nine-civilians-are-killed-and-dozens-are-injured-after-rockets-and-mortars-hit.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War, the battle for Aleppo_
3. [Syrian Civil War. Battle of Aleppo (2012-present). ISIL militants cut off the Syrian Army's main supply route to the city of Aleppo and capture the village of Khanasir, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2016/02/23/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-aleppo-2012-present-isil-militants-cut-off-the-syrian-army-s-main-supply-route-to-the-city-of-aleppo-and-ca.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War, the battle for Aleppo_
4. [Syrian Civil War. Battle of Aleppo (2012-present). Iranian state television says Revolutionary Guard brigadier general, Hossein Hamadani, has been killed on the outskirts of Syria's Aleppo by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. This is the latest in a string of high-ranking Iranian commanders killed in Iraq and Syria in the last six months. ](/news/2015/10/9/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-aleppo-2012-present-iranian-state-television-says-revolutionary-guard-brigadier-general-hossein-hamadani.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War, the battle for Aleppo_
5. [Syrian Civil War. Violent clashes break out between the Syrian rebels and Syrian Democratic Forces on the outskirts of al-Muhsenli Village, in the northeastern countryside of Aleppo, but no casualties are reported. ](/news/2017/07/21/syrian-civil-war-violent-clashes-break-out-between-the-syrian-rebels-and-syrian-democratic-forces-on-the-outskirts-of-al-muhsenli-village.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian Civil War. 2017 Aleppo suicide car bombing. A car bomb strikes a convoy of buses near Aleppo which were carrying evacuees from the pro-government towns of Al-Fu'ah and Kafriya. Over 100 people are killed. ](/news/2017/04/15/syrian-civil-war-2017-aleppo-suicide-car-bombing-a-car-bomb-strikes-a-convoy-of-buses-near-aleppo-which-were-carrying-evacuees-from-the-pr.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian Civil War. 2017 al-Jina mosque airstrike. An unknown perpetrator carries out an airstrike on a mosque in the rebel-held village of al-Jineh near Aleppo, killing at least 42 people. ](/news/2017/03/16/syrian-civil-war-2017-al-jina-mosque-airstrike-an-unknown-perpetrator-carries-out-an-airstrike-on-a-mosque-in-the-rebel-held-village-of-al.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian Civil War. Battle of Aleppo (2012-16). The Syrian Army says it is now in full control of the city of Aleppo following the evacuation of the last group of rebels to the Idlib Governorate. ](/news/2016/12/22/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-aleppo-2012-16-the-syrian-army-says-it-is-now-in-full-control-of-the-city-of-aleppo-following-the-evacuatio.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Aleppo offensive (November-December 2016). The International Committee of the Red Cross claims that 25,000 residents of the rebel-held territories have been evacuated from Aleppo as Hezbollah warns remaining residents in the former rebel enclave to leave "as quickly as possible". ](/news/2016/12/20/aleppo-offensive-november-december-2016-the-international-committee-of-the-red-cross-claims-that-25-000-residents-of-the-rebel-held-ter.md) _Context: Aleppo, Aleppo offensive (November-December 2016)_
10. [Syrian Civil War. Aleppo offensive (November-December 2016). Rebels attack and burn several buses en route to evacuate ill and injured people from the besieged Syrian villages of Al-Fu'ah and Kafriya. ](/news/2016/12/18/syrian-civil-war-aleppo-offensive-november-december-2016-rebels-attack-and-burn-several-buses-en-route-to-evacuate-ill-and-injured-peo.md) _Context: Aleppo offensive (November-December 2016), Syrian Civil War_
