### [2016-11-15](/news/2016/11/15/index.md)

# Between four and 20 people are reported killed by government and Russian  airstrikes that hit rebel held areas, five hospitals, and a mobile clinic in Aleppo,  says U.S. State Department spokeswoman Elizabeth Trudeau. Syria and Russia deny targeting Aleppo. 

An air strike hit a hospital in the rebel-held Syrian village of Awaijel, west of Aleppo killing at least one person in the early hours of Tuesday, a day after attacks on two other hospitals in the region, a war monitor said.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/11/syria-war-aleppo-pounded-air-strikes-pause-ends-161115112526848.html)
2. [CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/russia-denies-new-aleppo-airstrikes-syria-trump-putin-call/)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-hospital-idUSKBN13A0PJ)

### Related:

1. [The Obama administration through the U.S. State Department announces the suspension of bilateral talks with Russia about the cessation of hostilities in Syria, as Russia and the Syrian government continue to pursue a military course despite the ceasefire accord. ](/news/2016/10/3/the-obama-administration-through-the-u-s-state-department-announces-the-suspension-of-bilateral-talks-with-russia-about-the-cessation-of-ho.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War, United States Department of State_
2. [Russian and Syrian government attacks on rebel-held east Aleppo kill two people and injure 13 others. The Syrian American Medical Society reports the city's main trauma hospital closes. ](/news/2016/10/1/russian-and-syrian-government-attacks-on-rebel-held-east-aleppo-kill-two-people-and-injure-13-others-the-syrian-american-medical-society-re.md) _Context: Aleppo, Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
3. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says suspected Russian airstrikes kill 32 civilians, half of them women and children, in three areas in northern Syria. No suspected militants were killed in the attacks. ](/news/2015/12/18/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-suspected-russian-airstrikes-kill-32-civilians-half-of-them-women-and-children-in-three-areas.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War, airstrike_
4. [The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria-following-russia-s-threat-it-would-treat-any-aircraf.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
5. [After yesterday's downing of a Syrian Su-22 jet, Russia shuts down a deconfliction channel and says it will follow any aircraft west of the Euphrates as a target. ](/news/2017/06/19/after-yesterday-s-downing-of-a-syrian-su-22-jet-russia-shuts-down-a-deconfliction-channel-and-says-it-will-follow-any-aircraft-west-of-the.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
6. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Israeli Minister of Construction Yoav Galant states that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should be assassinated.  Yesterday, the United States Department of State accused the al-Assad government of using a crematory at Sednaya Prison to cover up the mass murders of thousands of political prisoners. The Syrian government denies the accusations. ](/news/2017/05/16/israeli-minister-of-construction-yoav-galant-states-that-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-should-be-assassinated-yesterday-the-united-sta.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, United States Department of State_
8. [At least three soldiers of the Turkish Armed Forces are accidentally killed by a Russian airstrike near al-Bab in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/02/9/at-least-three-soldiers-of-the-turkish-armed-forces-are-accidentally-killed-by-a-russian-airstrike-near-al-bab-in-northern-syria.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
9. [The United Nations Security Council unanimously votes in favor of the Russian and Turkey-backed ceasefire currently in effect in Syria. ](/news/2017/01/1/the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-votes-in-favor-of-the-russian-and-turkey-backed-ceasefire-currently-in-effect-in-syria.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ceasefire-is-said-to.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
