### [2016-11-15](/news/2016/11/15/index.md)

# Presidential transition of Donald Trump: Ben Carson, former GOP presidential candidate, current advisor to President-elect Donald Trump and retired neurosurgeon, has decided to not accept a Cabinet position in the Trump administration. 

Retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson, a former 2016 Republican presidential candidate who is an adviser to President-elect Donald Trump, has opted against accepting a Cabinet position in the Trump administration, his spokesman said on Tuesday.


### Source:

1. [New York Post](http://nypost.com/2016/11/15/three-nyc-buildings-to-scrub-trump-name/)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-carson-idUSKBN13A26M)
3. [The Real Deal](http://therealdeal.com/2016/11/15/equity-residential-ditches-trump-name-at-uws-rentals-following-tenant-petition/)

### Related:

1. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump: President-elect Donald Trump nominates Ben Carson for United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. ](/news/2016/12/5/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-president-elect-donald-trump-nominates-ben-carson-for-united-states-secretary-of-housing-and-urban.md) _Context: Ben Carson, Donald Trump, Presidential transition of Donald Trump_
2. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump: President-elect Donald Trump names Carl Icahn as the Special Advisor to the President on Regulatory Reform. ](/news/2016/12/21/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-president-elect-donald-trump-names-carl-icahn-as-the-special-advisor-to-the-president-on-regulatory.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President-elect, Presidential transition of Donald Trump_
3. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump: President-elect Donald Trump formally announces ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson as his choice for United States Secretary of State. ](/news/2016/12/13/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-president-elect-donald-trump-formally-announces-exxonmobil-ceo-rex-tillerson-as-his-choice-for-unit.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President-elect, Presidential transition of Donald Trump_
4. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump: President-elect Donald Trump names South Carolina governor Nikki Haley as United States Ambassador to the United Nations. ](/news/2016/11/23/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-president-elect-donald-trump-names-south-carolina-governor-nikki-haley-as-united-states-ambassador.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President-elect, Presidential transition of Donald Trump_
5. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump: Officials serving on President-elect Donald Trump's transition team reveal selections for high-level positions, including Senator Jeff Sessions for Attorney General, Mike Pompeo for Director of the CIA and Michael T. Flynn for National Security Advisor. ](/news/2016/11/18/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-officials-serving-on-president-elect-donald-trump-s-transition-team-reveal-selections-for-high-leve.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President-elect, Presidential transition of Donald Trump_
6. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump: President-elect of the United States Donald Trump says he plans to deport or imprison up to 3 million illegal migrants, targeting those with criminal records. ](/news/2016/11/13/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-says-he-plans-to-deport-or-imprison-up-to-3-milli.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President-elect, Presidential transition of Donald Trump_
7. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump: President-elect of the United States Donald Trump meets with President Barack Obama for the first time at the White House. ](/news/2016/11/10/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-meets-with-president-barack-obama-for-the-first-t.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President-elect, Presidential transition of Donald Trump_
8. [Political appointments of Donald Trump: The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/political-appointments-of-donald-trump-the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-prim.md) _Context: Ben Carson, Donald Trump_
9. [2017 dismissal of U.S. attorneys: United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions requests the resignations of 46 Barack Obama-era chief federal prosecutors, including United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York Preet Bharara, who was previously told to stay on by then President-elect Donald Trump in November. ](/news/2017/03/10/2017-dismissal-of-u-s-attorneys-united-states-attorney-general-jeff-sessions-requests-the-resignations-of-46-barack-obama-era-chief-federa.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President-elect_
10. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump: United States President-elect Donald Trump indicates that he will nominate former Indiana senator Dan Coats as Director of National Intelligence. ](/news/2017/01/7/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-united-states-president-elect-donald-trump-indicates-that-he-will-nominate-former-indiana-senator-d.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidential transition of Donald Trump_
