### [2005-08-22](/news/2005/08/22/index.md)

#  Israeli forces enter the last remaining Israeli settlement in the Gaza Strip to remove the settlers from Netzarim, a religious farming community of about 500, completing the evacuation of all the enclaves. Four small militant settlements on the West Bank will also be cleared, with 5,500 troops heading there to begin evictions on Tuesday. 




### Source:

1. [IMRA](http://imra.org.il/story.php3?id=26590)
2. [Reuters](http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/L2238993.htm)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli troops, who are still in the process of withdrawing from Gaza, shoot dead a Palestinian teenager as he and about 50 others breach a fence around the evacuated Israeli settlement of Gush Katif and climbed atop of IDF tanks. [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-middle_east-4220914.stm (BBC)] [http:--www.haaretz.com-hasen-spages-621804.html (Haaretz)] The Israeli Minister for Education, Limor Livnat, has called on her government to expand Israeli settlements in the West Bank as "dividend" of the pullout of the Gaza Strip. [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-middle_east-4220300.stm (BBC)], [http:--www.imemc.org-index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13718&Itemid=1 (IMEMC)] The Israeli Housing Minister, Isaac Herzog, told Israel Radio that Israel does not intend to construct in E1 the area between the Maale Adumim Israeli settlement and Jerusalem in the coming years, adding that Israeli government statements to the contrary were part of the "internal conflict" at the Likud party. ([http:--www.imemc.org-index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13724&Itemid=1 IMEMC])](/news/2005/09/6/israeli-troops-who-are-still-in-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-gaza-shoot-dead-a-palestinian-teenager-as-he-and-about-50-others-breach-a.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel Defense Forces, Israeli settlement, West Bank_
2. [Violence continues while talks persist looking for a peaceful resolution. A 16-year old Palestinian is shot dead after he tried to stab an Israeli security guard at a West Bank border crossing. A 25-year old Palestinian protester died of wounds suffered last week when he was shot by Israeli troops during a border clash near the Gazan town of Khan Yunis. ](/news/2015/10/24/violence-continues-while-talks-persist-looking-for-a-peaceful-resolution-a-16-year-old-palestinian-is-shot-dead-after-he-tried-to-stab-an-i.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel Defense Forces, West Bank_
3. [Israeli troops and settlers open fire upon Palestinians in the West Bank while they repaired orchards previously attacked by settlers, injuring 8 Palestinians. ](/news/2011/03/8/israeli-troops-and-settlers-open-fire-upon-palestinians-in-the-west-bank-while-they-repaired-orchards-previously-attacked-by-settlers-injur.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Israeli settlement, West Bank_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli airstrikes on Palestinian areas continue. IDF planes and artillery strike Gaza knocking out power to parts of the city, destroy a bridge in Beit Hanoun, fire missiles at a Fatah Youth Centre, an office and a refugee camp in the central Gaza Strip. Israeli troops later raided offices of Hamas and Islamic Jihad in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/28/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-areas-continue-idf-planes-and-artillery-strike-gaza-knocking-out-power-to.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel Defense Forces, West Bank_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli Airstrikes on Palestinian areas continue. The Israel Defense Forces strikes three bridges in the Gaza Strip and a money-changer in Khan Younis, while a further 82 people were arrested in the West Bank. [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-middle_east-4285490.stm (BBC)], [http:--www.alertnet.org-thenews-newsdesk-L27659513.htm (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 22:31, 14 January 2007 (UTC)), [http:--english.aljazeera.net-NR-exeres-B6F73DEB-7DDD-4EFC-BDCA-FA695BDF2ABE.htm (Al Jazeera)], [http:--www.haaretz.com-hasen-spages-629780.html (Haaretz)] (Link dead as of 22:31, 14 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/09/27/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-areas-continue-the-israel-defense-forces-strikes-three-bridges-in-the-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel Defense Forces, West Bank_
