### [2017-06-16](/news/2017/06/16/index.md)

# Cuba-United States relations: U.S. President Donald Trump announces new restrictions on travel and business with Cuba, reversing policies of Cuban Thaw, implemented during the tenure of President Barack Obama. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2017/06/16/politics/trump-cuba-policy/)

### Related:

1. [Trump Tower wiretapping allegations: U.S. President Donald Trump accuses former President Barack Obama of wiretapping Trump Tower the month before the 2016 presidential election but offers no evidence to support his claim. A spokesman for President Obama rejects these claims. ](/news/2017/03/4/trump-tower-wiretapping-allegations-u-s-president-donald-trump-accuses-former-president-barack-obama-of-wiretapping-trump-tower-the-month.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Donald Trump_
2. [List of executive actions by Donald Trump: U.S. President Trump signs an executive order undoing former President Obama's climate change policies. ](/news/2017/03/28/list-of-executive-actions-by-donald-trump-u-s-president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-undoing-former-president-obama-s-climate-change-pol.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Donald Trump_
3. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision ("NLRB v. SW General, Inc"), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-preside.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Donald Trump_
4. [2017 dismissal of U.S. attorneys: United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions requests the resignations of 46 Barack Obama-era chief federal prosecutors, including United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York Preet Bharara, who was previously told to stay on by then President-elect Donald Trump in November. ](/news/2017/03/10/2017-dismissal-of-u-s-attorneys-united-states-attorney-general-jeff-sessions-requests-the-resignations-of-46-barack-obama-era-chief-federa.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Donald Trump_
5. [Presidency of Donald Trump: U.S. President Donald Trump issues executive orders to withdraw the United States from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, and reinstates the Mexico City Policy, a policy banning U.S. aid to foreign organizations that use funds from other sources to perform or discuss abortions, which Barack Obama scrapped in 2009. ](/news/2017/01/23/presidency-of-donald-trump-u-s-president-donald-trump-issues-executive-orders-to-withdraw-the-united-states-from-the-trans-pacific-partner.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Donald Trump_
6. [Cuba-United States relations: President Barack Obama announces the end of the wet feet, dry feet policy, which previously allowed undocumented immigrants from Cuba to become permanent residents. ](/news/2017/01/12/cuba-united-states-relations-president-barack-obama-announces-the-end-of-the-wet-feet-dry-feet-policy-which-previously-allowed-undocume.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Cuba-United States relations_
7. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump: President-elect of the United States Donald Trump meets with President Barack Obama for the first time at the White House. ](/news/2016/11/10/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-meets-with-president-barack-obama-for-the-first-t.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Donald Trump_
8. [Cuba-United States relations: President Barack Obama issues an executive order on Cuba lifting monetary limits on the amount of Cuban products, including cigars and rum, which Americans can bring back for personal use, allowing Cubans and Americans to engage in joint medical research, and allowing Cubans to buy certain U.S. consumer goods online. ](/news/2016/10/14/cuba-united-states-relations-president-barack-obama-issues-an-executive-order-on-cuba-lifting-monetary-limits-on-the-amount-of-cuban-prod.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Cuba-United States relations_
9. [Cuba-United States relations: President Barack Obama nominates Jeffrey DeLaurentis as the first United States Ambassador to Cuba since 1961. ](/news/2016/09/27/cuba-united-states-relations-president-barack-obama-nominates-jeffrey-delaurentis-as-the-first-united-states-ambassador-to-cuba-since-196.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Cuba-United States relations_
10. [United States-Cuban Thaw: U.S. President Barack Obama and the First Family begin their three-day visit to Havana, Cuba, to mark the end of 54 years of tensions in Cuba-United States relations. Obama is the first sitting U.S. president to visit the country since Calvin Coolidge in 1928. ](/news/2016/03/20/united-states-cuban-thaw-u-s-president-barack-obama-and-the-first-family-begin-their-three-day-visit-to-havana-cuba-to-mark-the-end-of.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Cuba-United States relations_
