### [2010-02-22](/news/2010/02/22/index.md)

# Colombian President Alvaro Uribe and Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez almost come to blows at the Rio Group summit in Playa del Carmen, Mexico, with Uribe taunting Chavez "Be a man! ... you're a coward face-to-face! Stay and argue face-to-face!" and Chavez responding with a simple "Go to Hell!" 

The Venezuelan and Colombian presidents traded insults at a summit with Hugo Chavez telling Alvaro Uribe to &#039;Go to hell!&#039; after he was called a &#039;coward&#039;.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/8531266.stm)
2. [Telegraph]](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/southamerica/venezuela/7298338/Hugo-Chavez-called-a-coward-as-insults-fly-at-Latin-American-summit.html)
3. [The Summit also announces the creation of the [[Community of Latin American and Caribbean States]]. (''La Vanguardia](http://www.lavanguardia.es/internacional/noticias/20100223/53895179677/chavez-y-uribe-aceptan-la-mediacion-de-un-grupo-de-amigos-para-resolver-sus-diferencias.html)

### Related:

1. [Colombia-Venezuela relations:Venezuela and Colombia re-establish diplomatic relations after a meeting between recently inaugurated President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos and Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez in Santa Marta, Colombia, mediated by UNASUR Secretary General Nestor Kirchner. ](/news/2010/08/11/colombia-venezuela-relations-pvenezuela-and-colombia-re-establish-diplomatic-relations-after-a-meeting-between-recently-inaugurated-presiden.md) _Context: Colombia, Colombian President, Hugo Chavez, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
2. [President of Venezuela Hugo Chavez announces that he has agreed to meet President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos tomorrow for talks to end strained relations between the two countries. ](/news/2010/08/9/president-of-venezuela-hugo-cha-vez-announces-that-he-has-agreed-to-meet-president-of-colombia-juan-manuel-santos-tomorrow-for-talks-to-end.md) _Context: Colombia, Colombian President, Hugo Chavez, Venezuela_
3. [Spain requests an explanation from Venezuela concerning allegations that it helped terrorist groups Euskadi Ta Askatasuna and FARC plot to kill Colombian President Alvaro Uribe and other Colombian personalities in Spanish soil. ](/news/2010/03/1/spain-requests-an-explanation-from-venezuela-concerning-allegations-that-it-helped-terrorist-groups-euskadi-ta-askatasuna-and-farc-plot-to-k.md) _Context: Alvaro Uribe, Colombia, Colombian President, Venezuela_
4. [ Argentina, Brazil and Bolivia express concerns whilst Peru supports a planned accord by Colombian President Alvaro Uribe to allow United States troops to use several bases. Venezuela announces trade measures against Colombia. ](/news/2009/08/6/argentina-brazil-and-bolivia-express-concerns-whilst-peru-supports-a-planned-accord-by-colombian-president-alvaro-uribe-to-allow-united-s.md) _Context: Alvaro Uribe, Colombia, Colombian President, Venezuela_
5. [ The President of Venezuela Hugo Chvez calls for a cooling of tensions with Colombia at a summit of the Rio Group presidents in the Dominican Republic. The Rio Group later approves a declaration aimed at reducing tensions between, Ecuador, Venezuela and Colombia. ](/news/2008/03/7/the-president-of-venezuela-hugo-chavez-calls-for-a-cooling-of-tensions-with-colombia-at-a-summit-of-the-rio-group-presidents-in-the-dominic.md) _Context: Colombia, Rio Group, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
6. [The birthplace of late President Hugo Chavez is burned by protesters as violence and looting spreads through Barinas, Venezuela following the death of a protester. ](/news/2017/05/22/the-birthplace-of-late-president-hugo-cha-vez-is-burned-by-protesters-as-violence-and-looting-spreads-through-barinas-venezuela-following-t.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
7. [Colombian government and FARC representatives meet in Havana, and President Juan Manuel Santos will meet with presidential predecessors Alvaro Uribe, the accord opposition leader, and Andres Pastrana Arango, to continue negotiations to end the 52-year war that has killed around a quarter of a million people. ](/news/2016/10/4/colombian-government-and-farc-representatives-meet-in-havana-and-president-juan-manuel-santos-will-meet-with-presidential-predecessors-alv.md) _Context: Alvaro Uribe, Colombia, Colombian President_
8. [The President of Venezuela Nicolas Maduro and the President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos agree to gradually reopen their common border which had been closed following a Venezuelan crackdown on smuggling. ](/news/2015/09/22/the-president-of-venezuela-nicola-s-maduro-and-the-president-of-colombia-juan-manuel-santos-agree-to-gradually-reopen-their-common-border-wh.md) _Context: Colombian President, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
9. [Two former Colombian ministers Sabas Pretelt and Diego Palacio are sentenced to six years in prison for corruption in bribing lawmakers to support the 2006 re-election bid of former President Alvaro Uribe. ](/news/2015/04/15/two-former-colombian-ministers-sabas-pretelt-and-diego-palacio-are-sentenced-to-six-years-in-prison-for-corruption-in-bribing-lawmakers-to-s.md) _Context: Alvaro Uribe, Colombia, Colombian President_
10. [Nicolas Maduro, acting President of Venezuela, officially begins his campaign to succeed Hugo Chavez in the late leader's hometown ahead of the April 14 election. ](/news/2013/04/3/nicola-s-maduro-acting-president-of-venezuela-officially-begins-his-campaign-to-succeed-hugo-cha-vez-in-the-late-leader-s-hometown-ahead-o.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
