### [2010-02-22](/news/2010/02/22/index.md)

# Desire Petroleum, a British-listed firm, begins drilling for oil at an offshore platform within the territory of the Falkland Islands, amid mounting criticism from Argentina and Venezuela. 

President Hugo Chavez delivered a bizarre attack on the Queen when the firebrand Venezuelan leader demanded Britain return the Falkland Islands to Argentina.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/8527307.stm)
2. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/southamerica/falklandislands/7293985/Hugo-Chavez-demands-Queen-return-Falkland-Islands-to-Argentina.html)
3. [The Times](http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/uk/article7036764.ece)

### Related:

1. [A United Nations commission rules in favour of Argentina to expand its maritime territory in the South Atlantic Ocean by 35% to include the Falkland Islands and beyond despite Argentina and the United Kingdom still having an unresolved dispute over the islands. ](/news/2016/03/29/a-united-nations-commission-rules-in-favour-of-argentina-to-expand-its-maritime-territory-in-the-south-atlantic-ocean-by-35-to-include-the.md) _Context: Argentina, Britain, Falkland Islands_
2. [Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, the President of Argentina, states that Argentina will lodge a complaint with the United Nations Security Council and the United Nations General Assembly about the alleged "militarisation" of the area around the Falkland Islands by the United Kingdom. ](/news/2012/02/7/cristina-ferna-ndez-de-kirchner-the-president-of-argentina-states-that-argentina-will-lodge-a-complaint-with-the-united-nations-security-c.md) _Context: Argentina, Britain, Falkland Islands_
3. [Prince William arrives in the Falkland Islands for a tour of duty as a Royal Air Force search and rescue pilot. His deployment comes at a time of high tension between the United Kingdom and Argentina over the sovereignty of the islands. ](/news/2012/02/2/prince-william-arrives-in-the-falkland-islands-for-a-tour-of-duty-as-a-royal-air-force-search-and-rescue-pilot-his-deployment-comes-at-a-ti.md) _Context: Argentina, Britain, Falkland Islands_
4. [Argentina, Brazil and Uruguay agree to close their ports to ships flying the flag of the Falkland Islands at a Mercosur meeting; Argentina and the United Kingdom both claim the islands. ](/news/2011/12/21/argentina-brazil-and-uruguay-agree-to-close-their-ports-to-ships-flying-the-flag-of-the-falkland-islands-at-a-mercosur-meeting-argentina-a.md) _Context: Argentina, Britain, Falkland Islands_
5. [Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner appeals to Pope Francis for assistance in settling Argentina's dispute over the Falkland Islands with the United Kingdom. ](/news/2013/03/18/argentine-president-cristina-ferna-ndez-de-kirchner-appeals-to-pope-francis-for-assistance-in-settling-argentina-s-dispute-over-the-falkland.md) _Context: Argentina, Britain_
6. [The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron say the future of the Falkland Islands is up to its inhabitants, not Argentina. His statement comes after the President of Argentina Cristina Fernndez de Kirchner urged the prime minister to abide by a 1965 UN resolution to "negotiate a solution" to the dispute. ](/news/2013/01/3/the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-say-the-future-of-the-falkland-islands-is-up-to-its-inhabitants-not-argentina-his-s.md) _Context: Argentina, Falkland Islands_
7. [On the 30th anniversary of the Falklands War between the United Kingdom and Argentina, Argentina threatens action against United States and United Kingdom banks, while UK Prime Minister David Cameron calls Argentina's 1982 invasion "a profound wrong". ](/news/2012/04/2/on-the-30th-anniversary-of-the-falklands-war-between-the-united-kingdom-and-argentina-argentina-threatens-action-against-united-states-and.md) _Context: Argentina, Britain_
8. [Argentina turns away two cruise ships from the port of Ushuaia &ndash; P&O Cruises "Adonia" and Princess Cruises' "Star Princess" &ndash; because the ships had earlier visited the Falkland Islands. ](/news/2012/02/27/argentina-turns-away-two-cruise-ships-from-the-port-of-ushuaia-ndash-p-o-cruises-adonia-and-princess-cruises-star-princess-ndash-be.md) _Context: Argentina, Falkland Islands_
9. [Sir Mark Lyall Grant, the Permanent Representative of the United Kingdom to the United Nations, describes claims by Argentina that the United Kingdom is militarising the Falkland Islands as "manifestly absurd". ](/news/2012/02/11/sir-mark-lyall-grant-the-permanent-representative-of-the-united-kingdom-to-the-united-nations-describes-claims-by-argentina-that-the-unite.md) _Context: Argentina, Falkland Islands_
10. [Argentina's foreign minister Hector Timerman issues a formal complaint to the United Nations about British "militarisation" of seas around the Falkland Islands. ](/news/2012/02/10/argentina-s-foreign-minister-ha-c-ctor-timerman-issues-a-formal-complaint-to-the-united-nations-about-british-militarisation-of-seas-around.md) _Context: Argentina, Falkland Islands_
