### [2010-02-22](/news/2010/02/22/index.md)

# Foreign ministers from the European Union meet in Brussels and "strongly condemn" the use of forged passports from various European countries in the assassination of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh. 

Minister for Foreign Affairs Micheál Martin has said his Israeli counterpart, Avigdor Leiberman, told him he had no information about Israeli involvement in the killing of a Palestinian official in Dubai last month.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/8528427.stm)
2. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2010/0222/dubai.html)

### Related:

1. [Cuba-European Union relations: Cuba and the European Union sign an accord in Brussels to normalize relations, formally ending the Common Position which was adopted by the Council of the European Union in 1996. ](/news/2016/12/12/cuba-european-union-relations-cuba-and-the-european-union-sign-an-accord-in-brussels-to-normalize-relations-formally-ending-the-common-p.md) _Context: Brussels, European Union_
2. [Aftermath of the 2016 Brussels bombings: Belgian Minister of Transportation Jacqueline Galant resigns in the wake of the recent bombings that shook Brussels last March. Galant resigned amid accusations her ministry ignored EU criticism of security at Belgium's airports. ](/news/2016/04/15/aftermath-of-the-2016-brussels-bombings-belgian-minister-of-transportation-jacqueline-galant-resigns-in-the-wake-of-the-recent-bombings-tha.md) _Context: Brussels, European Union_
3. [European migrant crisis: Enlargement of the European Union: The European Union and Turkey agree on broad principles for a plan to ease the migration crisis which includes returning thousands of migrants to Turkey. For this, the EU will swiftly ease visa requirements for Turks and speed up Ankara's EU accession talks. A final agreement is to be ready for next week's two-day EU summit in Brussels, Belgium. ](/news/2016/03/8/european-migrant-crisis-enlargement-of-the-european-union-the-european-union-and-turkey-agree-on-broad-principles-for-a-plan-to-ease-the-m.md) _Context: Brussels, European Union_
4. [European migrant crisis: Today's European Union summit with Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu in Brussels, Belgium, will discuss ways to stanch the flow of European-bound migrants. ](/news/2016/03/7/european-migrant-crisis-today-s-european-union-summit-with-turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-in-brussels-belgium-will-discuss-ways.md) _Context: Brussels, European Union_
5. [European migrant crisis: Eleven European and Balkan leaders meet about the migrant crisis at an emergency summit in Brussels, Belgium; Turkey did not attend. The Prime Minister of Slovenia says the EU will -start falling apart- within weeks if the migrant crisis continues unchecked. Huge divisions remain among EU states over how to deal with the influx of hundreds of thousands of migrants. ](/news/2015/10/25/european-migrant-crisis-eleven-european-and-balkan-leaders-meet-about-the-migrant-crisis-at-an-emergency-summit-in-brussels-belgium-turke.md) _Context: Brussels, European Union_
6. [European migrant crisis: European Union ministers meet in Brussels and reach agreement on a plan to distribute asylum seekers. ](/news/2015/09/22/european-migrant-crisis-european-union-ministers-meet-in-brussels-and-reach-agreement-on-a-plan-to-distribute-asylum-seekers.md) _Context: Brussels, European Union_
7. [Belarus expels the ambassadors from the European Union and Poland and recalls its ambassadors in Brussels and Warsaw due to the imposition of sanctions. ](/news/2012/02/28/belarus-expels-the-ambassadors-from-the-european-union-and-poland-and-recalls-its-ambassadors-in-brussels-and-warsaw-due-to-the-imposition-o.md) _Context: Brussels, European Union_
8. [David Cameron, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, refuses to join a European Union financial crisis accord after negotiations in Brussels. ](/news/2011/12/9/david-cameron-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-refuses-to-join-a-european-union-financial-crisis-accord-after-negotiations-in-brus.md) _Context: Brussels, European Union_
9. [Dominique Strauss-Kahn sex, rape and imprisonment charges:: New York City police question International Monetary Fund head Dominique Strauss-Kahn, arrested yesterday, over allegations that he sexually attacked a hotel maid near Times Square. Strauss-Kahn's schedule is threatened with interruption, with a meeting over the bailouts of Portugal and Greece with European Union finance ministers due in Brussels tomorrow. ](/news/2011/05/15/dominique-strauss-kahn-sex-rape-and-imprisonment-charges-new-york-city-police-question-international-monetary-fund-head-dominique-strauss.md) _Context: Brussels, European Union_
10. [2011 Libyan civil war:: European Union leaders gather in Brussels for an urgent summit. ](/news/2011/03/11/2011-libyan-civil-war-european-union-leaders-gather-in-brussels-for-an-urgent-summit.md) _Context: Brussels, European Union_
