### [2010-02-22](/news/2010/02/22/index.md)

# The European Union and Germany deny a report of a 20-25 billion euro (GBP22 billion) aid plan for Greece, and Athens pledge again to take new steps if needed to keep tough deficit-cutting plans on target. 

The European Union and Germany on Monday denied a report of a 20-25 billion euro (&pound;17.6 - &pound;22 billion) aid plan for Greece, and Athens pledged again to take new steps if needed to keep tough deficit-cutting plans on target.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/idUKTRE61L2NP20100222)

### Related:

1. [European migrant crisis: Germany announces plans to start deporting newly-arrived migrants to Greece starting in March. According to EU's Dublin Regulation, asylum seekers must file for asylum in the member state they arrived in. ](/news/2017/01/12/european-migrant-crisis-germany-announces-plans-to-start-deporting-newly-arrived-migrants-to-greece-starting-in-march-according-to-eu-s-du.md) _Context: European Union, Germany, Greek_
2. [Greek government-debt crisis: Greece demands an explanation from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) after an apparent leaked transcript suggested the IMF may threaten to pull out of the country's bailout as a tactic to force European lenders to offer more debt relief. Whistleblowing site WikiLeaks published what it said was the transcript of a March 19 conference call of three senior IMF officials discussing tactics to apply pressure on Greece, Germany and the EU to reach a deal in April. ](/news/2016/04/2/greek-government-debt-crisis-greece-demands-an-explanation-from-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-after-an-apparent-leaked-transcript-s.md) _Context: European Union, Germany, Greek_
3. [Shots are fired at the German ambassador's residence in Athens, Greece; no casualties are reported. ](/news/2013/12/30/shots-are-fired-at-the-german-ambassador-s-residence-in-athens-greece-no-casualties-are-reported.md) _Context: Athens, Germany, Greek_
4. [Greece resumes shipping mail and packages overseas following a 48-hour suspension imposed following a spate of parcel bombs sent to embassies in Athens and to European Union leaders. ](/news/2010/11/5/greece-resumes-shipping-mail-and-packages-overseas-following-a-48-hour-suspension-imposed-following-a-spate-of-parcel-bombs-sent-to-embassie.md) _Context: Athens, European Union, Greek_
5. [ 2007 Greek fires: More than 53 people, including children, die during the Peloponnese forest fires in Greece and many are missing in burnt villages. Huge fires also occur in the Imitos mountain area, Filothei, Athens and also in the Styra, Euboea and Keratea regions. The Greek government declares a national emergency and seeks assistance from the European Union. ](/news/2007/08/25/2007-greek-fires-more-than-53-people-including-children-die-during-the-peloponnese-forest-fires-in-greece-and-many-are-missing-in-burnt.md) _Context: Athens, European Union, Greek_
6. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-b.md) _Context: European Union, Germany_
7. [European migrant crisis: Police in northern Greece move more than 400 Syrians and Iraqis by bus from a makeshift camp near the Macedonian border to a shelter near the northern city of Thessaloniki. More than 50,000 migrants remain stranded in Greece following European border closures, and the European Union's agreement with Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/13/european-migrant-crisis-police-in-northern-greece-move-more-than-400-syrians-and-iraqis-by-bus-from-a-makeshift-camp-near-the-macedonian-bo.md) _Context: European Union, Greek_
8. [Erasmus bus crash: Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/erasmus-bus-crash-thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-fall.md) _Context: Germany, Greek_
9. [European migrant crisis: The European Union launches a new aid program worth an initial 700 million euros (US$760 million) to address the growing refugee crisis in Greece. EU Humanitarian Aid Commissioner Christos Stylianides says the so-called Emergency Assistance Instrument will be used to help migrants trapped in Greece and, if needed, in other countries on the migration route front lines. Approval by a majority of EU members is required. The next EU meeting is scheduled for Monday. ](/news/2016/03/2/european-migrant-crisis-the-european-union-launches-a-new-aid-program-worth-an-initial-700-million-euros-us-760-million-to-address-the-gr.md) _Context: European Union, Greek_
10. [Austria-Greece relations: Greece recalls its ambassador to Austria in response to Austria's hosting of a meeting with Balkan states, to which Greece was not invited, about European migrant crisis policies that would make it harder for migrants to head north across Europe. Greece's foreign ministry called the move an "unfriendly act." More than 100,000 migrants have entered the EU illegally so far in 2016, nearly all of them arriving in Greece. ](/news/2016/02/25/austria-greece-relations-greece-recalls-its-ambassador-to-austria-in-response-to-austria-s-hosting-of-a-meeting-with-balkan-states-to-wh.md) _Context: European Union, Greek_
