### [2015-02-4](/news/2015/02/4/index.md)

# A Manhattan federal court convicts Ross Ulbricht, aka "Dread Pirate Roberts", the owner of the Silk Road Deep Web illicit products website, on seven charges including trafficking and money laundering in the United States. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/f2d1395442b8481b93794731a437f1b9/ny-jury-preparing-decide-fate-silk-road-creator)

### Related:

1. [ The United States and Mexico pledge $1.4 billion for the Merida Initiative, a security cooperation for combating drug trade, transnational crime, and money laundering. ](/news/2008/12/22/the-united-states-and-mexico-pledge-1-4-billion-for-the-ma-c-rida-initiative-a-security-cooperation-for-combating-drug-trade-transnational.md) _Context: U.S., anti-drug plan, money laundering_
2. [Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance, Jr. announces over $800 million in grants available to various agencies across the U.S. for law enforcement-related initiatives such as testing of potentially expired rape kits, the funding of an international center devoted to monitoring cyber attacks, and a program at John Jay College of Criminal Justice dedicated to training prosecutors.  The grants are funded from criminal penalties paid by several international banks accused of violating sanctions. ](/news/2015/11/8/manhattan-district-attorney-cyrus-r-vance-jr-announces-over-800-million-in-grants-available-to-various-agencies-across-the-u-s-for-law.md) _Context: Manhattan, U.S._
3. [Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos announces a new anti-drug plan involving the substitution of legal crops for coca plantations. In July, the National Narcotics Council suspended the United States-backed aerial spraying of the crop after the World Health Organization reclassified glyphosate, the herbicide used,  as a probable carcinogen. ](/news/2015/09/22/colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-announces-a-new-anti-drug-plan-involving-the-substitution-of-legal-crops-for-coca-plantations-in-jul.md) _Context: U.S., anti-drug plan_
4. [American actor Philip Seymour Hoffman, who won the Academy Award for Best Actor at the 78th Academy Awards in 2006 for ''Capote'', is found dead in his Manhattan apartment at the age of 46. Authorities initially attributed the death to a drug overdose. ](/news/2014/02/2/american-actor-philip-seymour-hoffman-who-won-the-academy-award-for-best-actor-at-the-78th-academy-awards-in-2006-for-capote-is-found.md) _Context: Manhattan, U.S._
5. [The United States launches a prosecution against Liberty Reserve, based in Costa Rica, for money laundering worth $6 billion. ](/news/2013/05/28/the-united-states-launches-a-prosecution-against-liberty-reserve-based-in-costa-rica-for-money-laundering-worth-6-billion.md) _Context: U.S., money laundering_
6. [Mexican drug cartel kingpin Benjamn Arellano Flix pleads guilty to racketeering and conspiracy to launder money in the United States. ](/news/2012/01/4/mexican-drug-cartel-kingpin-benjamin-arellano-felix-pleads-guilty-to-racketeering-and-conspiracy-to-launder-money-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: U.S., money laundering_
7. [Twenty-three people allegedly linked to the Mexican Los Zetas Cartel are indicted in the US state of Colorado for allegedly trying to smuggle marijuana in the United States. ](/news/2011/07/11/twenty-three-people-allegedly-linked-to-the-mexican-los-zetas-cartel-are-indicted-in-the-us-state-of-colorado-for-allegedly-trying-to-smuggl.md) _Context: U.S., anti-drug plan_
8. [The extradiction of alleged arms dealer Viktor Bout from Thailand to the United States moves a step closer after a Thai court dismisses money laundering charges against him. ](/news/2010/10/5/the-extradiction-of-alleged-arms-dealer-viktor-bout-from-thailand-to-the-united-states-moves-a-step-closer-after-a-thai-court-dismisses-mone.md) _Context: U.S., money laundering_
9. [United States investigators associated with INTERPOL track 200 bank accounts associated with alleged North Korean drug smuggling, counterfeiting, money laundering and arms trafficking. ](/news/2010/07/26/united-states-investigators-associated-with-interpol-track-200-bank-accounts-associated-with-alleged-north-korean-drug-smuggling-counterfei.md) _Context: U.S., money laundering_
10. [ Former United States Olympic sprinter Tim Montgomery is sentenced to 46 months imprisonment for his involvement in a check fraud and money laundering scheme. ](/news/2008/05/16/former-united-states-olympic-sprinter-tim-montgomery-is-sentenced-to-46-months-imprisonment-for-his-involvement-in-a-check-fraud-and-money.md) _Context: U.S., money laundering_
