### [2015-02-4](/news/2015/02/4/index.md)

# War in Donbass: A shell hits a hospital in the rebel-held city of Donetsk killing at least three people with many injured. 

Three people are killed and many more wounded as a shell hits a hospital in the rebel-held city of Donetsk in eastern Ukraine.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-31129484?ns_mchannel=social&ns_campaign=bbc_breaking&ns_source=twitter&ns_linkname=news_central)

### Related:

1. [War in Donbass: At the Munich Security Conference, a truce between Russian-backed separatists and the Ukrainian army, per the Minsk Protocol, takes effect Monday. Pending a permanent political agreement, Russian President Vladimir Putin orders that civil registration documents issued in separatist-held areas of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine be temporarily recognized. Ukrainian authorities say this violates provisions in the Minsk agreement. This is the third such agreement because the previous two in 2014 and 2015 were violated. Low-level fighting and artillery fire never fully stopped. ](/news/2017/02/18/war-in-donbass-at-the-munich-security-conference-a-truce-between-russian-backed-separatists-and-the-ukrainian-army-per-the-minsk-protocol.md) _Context: Donetsk, War in Donbass_
2. [War in Donbass: A bomb placed in an elevator shaft kills Pro-Russian, high-ranking officer of the Donetsk People's Republic's special forces, Arseny Pavlov, also known as "Motorola", in Donetsk. ](/news/2016/10/16/war-in-donbass-a-bomb-placed-in-an-elevator-shaft-kills-pro-russian-high-ranking-officer-of-the-donetsk-people-s-republic-s-special-forces.md) _Context: Donetsk, War in Donbass_
3. [War in Donbass: Three Ukrainian Army soldiers are killed and eight more are injured around separatist-controlled Donetsk and government-controlled Mariupol by Russian-backed separatists. ](/news/2016/05/30/war-in-donbass-three-ukrainian-army-soldiers-are-killed-and-eight-more-are-injured-around-separatist-controlled-donetsk-and-government-cont.md) _Context: Donetsk, War in Donbass_
4. [War in Donbass: Portraits of former dictator Joseph Stalin go up in the city of Donetsk as the Donetsk People's Republic adopts more Soviet era policies. ](/news/2015/10/19/war-in-donbass-portraits-of-former-dictator-joseph-stalin-go-up-in-the-city-of-donetsk-as-the-donetsk-people-s-republic-adopts-more-soviet.md) _Context: Donetsk, War in Donbass_
5. [War in Donbass: Luhansk People's Republic officials in Donetsk tell U.N. agencies and several other international NGOs to leave the Luhansk region in eastern Ukraine. Despite the Minsk Protocol and Minsk II peace agreements low intensity fighting and shelling have continued non-stop in the region for over a year. ](/news/2015/09/24/war-in-donbass-luhansk-people-s-republic-officials-in-donetsk-tell-u-n-agencies-and-several-other-international-ngos-to-leave-the-luhansk.md) _Context: Donetsk, War in Donbass_
6. [War in Donbass: Fighting intensifies near the ceasefire line in eastern Ukraine with both the Government of Ukraine and the rebels blaming each other. The separatist-held cities of Donetsk and Horlivka have been bombed with hundreds of shells and rockets in the last 72 hours. ](/news/2015/08/18/war-in-donbass-fighting-intensifies-near-the-ceasefire-line-in-eastern-ukraine-with-both-the-government-of-ukraine-and-the-rebels-blaming-e.md) _Context: Donetsk, War in Donbass_
7. [War in Donbass: Artillery shelling of Donetsk leaves at least one civilian dead while five Ukrainian Army soldiers are killed in heavy fighting. ](/news/2015/02/2/war-in-donbass-artillery-shelling-of-donetsk-leaves-at-least-one-civilian-dead-while-five-ukrainian-army-soldiers-are-killed-in-heavy-fight.md) _Context: Donetsk, War in Donbass_
8. [War in Donbass:: An explosion near a civilian trolleybus in the city of Donetsk kills at least thirteen people. Separatists and pro-government forces blame each other for the incident. ](/news/2015/01/22/war-in-donbass-an-explosion-near-a-civilian-trolleybus-in-the-city-of-donetsk-kills-at-least-thirteen-people-separatists-and-pro-governme.md) _Context: Donetsk, War in Donbass_
9. [War in Donbass: A huge explosion occurs in a rubber factory in the rebel held city of Donetsk with the Russian media claiming it was caused by a missile. The Government of Ukraine denies the charges. ](/news/2014/10/20/war-in-donbass-a-huge-explosion-occurs-in-a-rubber-factory-in-the-rebel-held-city-of-donetsk-with-the-russian-media-claiming-it-was-caused.md) _Context: Donetsk, War in Donbass_
10. [War in Donbass: A rocket attack by pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine kills 10 civilians and injures 12 others in the village of Nyzhnya Krynka near Donetsk. ](/news/2014/09/17/war-in-donbass-a-rocket-attack-by-pro-russian-separatists-in-eastern-ukraine-kills-10-civilians-and-injures-12-others-in-the-village-of-nyz.md) _Context: Donetsk, War in Donbass_
