### [2012-04-24](/news/2012/04/24/index.md)

# An arrest warrant is issued for Premier League footballer Steven Pienaar after he failed to appear in court to answer speeding charges. 

Everton footballer Steven Pienaar is given unconditional bail after missing a court hearing in Essex over speeding allegations.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-essex-17825483)

### Related:

1. [At least 11 people are killed and 16 others are injured after a gunman opens fire on football fans watching an English Premier League game near Juba, South Sudan. ](/news/2016/11/6/at-least-11-people-are-killed-and-16-others-are-injured-after-a-gunman-opens-fire-on-football-fans-watching-an-english-premier-league-game-n.md) _Context: English Premier League_
2. [Following a 2-2 draw between Chelsea F.C. and Tottenham Hotspur F.C. at Stamford Bridge, Leicester City F.C. are confirmed as champions of the Premier League for the first time in their history. Leicester City were 5000-1 outsiders at the beginning of the season. ](/news/2016/05/2/following-a-2-2-draw-between-chelsea-f-c-and-tottenham-hotspur-f-c-at-stamford-bridge-leicester-city-f-c-are-confirmed-as-champions-of-t.md) _Context: English Premier League_
3. [Cambodian opposition leader Sam Rainsy delays his return home from South Korea as tension comes to a head between his supporters and those of Prime Minister Hun Sen. Friday, a Cambodian court issued an arrest warrant related to an old defamation case for which Sam had already received a royal pardon. Today, Parliament stripped him  of immunity protection. ](/news/2015/11/16/cambodian-opposition-leader-sam-rainsy-delays-his-return-home-from-south-korea-as-tension-comes-to-a-head-between-his-supporters-and-those-o.md) _Context: arrest warrant_
4. [A warrant is issued for the arrest of Peter O'Neill, Prime Minister of Papua New Guinea, in relation to a fraud case related to alleged payment of millions of dollars in illegal payments to a law firm. The Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea later stays the warrant. ](/news/2014/06/16/a-warrant-is-issued-for-the-arrest-of-peter-o-neill-prime-minister-of-papua-new-guinea-in-relation-to-a-fraud-case-related-to-alleged-paym.md) _Context: arrest warrant_
5. [In association football, Newcastle United fine their manager Alan Pardew nearly PS100,000 for headbutting David Meyler on the opposing Hull City during a Premier League match yesterday. ](/news/2014/03/2/in-association-football-newcastle-united-fine-their-manager-alan-pardew-nearly-aps100-000-for-headbutting-david-meyler-on-the-opposing-hull.md) _Context: English Premier League_
6. [In association football, having headbutted a player for the opposing team, an unprecedented incident during a Premier League match, Alan Pardew faces the sack. ](/news/2014/03/1/in-association-football-having-headbutted-a-player-for-the-opposing-team-an-unprecedented-incident-during-a-premier-league-match-alan-par.md) _Context: English Premier League_
7. [Assem Allam, the Egyptian-born businessman and owner of Premier League club Hull City, tells the club's fans, whom he refers to as "hooligans", that they can "die as soon as they want" following protests against his plans to rename the club Hull Tigers. ](/news/2013/12/1/assem-allam-the-egyptian-born-businessman-and-owner-of-premier-league-club-hull-city-tells-the-club-s-fans-whom-he-refers-to-as-hooligan.md) _Context: English Premier League_
8. [Premier League club Stoke City unexpectedly sack manager Tony Pulis after seven years in charge. Pulis led the side to the Premier League, then the 2011 FA Cup Final and the 2011-12 UEFA Europa League. ](/news/2013/05/21/premier-league-club-stoke-city-unexpectedly-sack-manager-tony-pulis-after-seven-years-in-charge-pulis-led-the-side-to-the-premier-league-t.md) _Context: English Premier League_
9. [In association football, Premier League and FA Cup runners-up Manchester City sack manager Roberto Mancini. ](/news/2013/05/13/in-association-football-premier-league-and-fa-cup-runners-up-manchester-city-sack-manager-roberto-mancini.md) _Context: English Premier League_
10. [2012-13 Premier League:Manchester United secure the 2012-13 Premier League title thanks to a Robin van Persie hat trick against Aston Villa at Old Trafford, which moves them 16 points clear of rivals and reigning champions Manchester City who have only a maximum of 15 points left to play for. This is Sir Alex Ferguson's 13th title of his 27-year tenure as United's manager. ](/news/2013/04/22/2012a13-premier-league-pmanchester-united-secure-the-2012a13-premier-league-title-thanks-to-a-robin-van-persie-hat-trick-against-aston-v.md) _Context: English Premier League_
