### [2012-04-24](/news/2012/04/24/index.md)

# British police arrest five people in the English town of Luton on suspicion of the commission, preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism. 

Five men aged between 21 and 35 are arrested in Luton on suspicion of the commission, preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-17825583)

### Related:

1. [One Love Manchester: The charity concert organized by Ariana Grande in the wake of the 2017 Manchester Arena bombing is held in Manchester, England. ](/news/2017/06/4/one-love-manchester-the-charity-concert-organized-by-ariana-grande-in-the-wake-of-the-2017-manchester-arena-bombing-is-held-in-manchester.md) _Context: England_
2. [Politics of the United Kingdom: After six days of debate, the House of Commons of the United Kingdom votes to approve, with 323 votes for and 309 against, the policies set out in the Queen's Speech. In order to avoid a 'regret' amendment, Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond says that England's National Health Service is to provide free abortions to women from Northern Ireland with funds from the Government Equalities Office. ](/news/2017/06/29/politics-of-the-united-kingdom-after-six-days-of-debate-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-votes-to-approve-with-323-votes-for-an.md) _Context: England_
3. [2017 Newcastle incident: Six people are injured after a car ploughs into Eid al-Fitr worshippers in Newcastle upon Tyne, England. Police do not believe terrorism is involved. ](/news/2017/06/25/2017-newcastle-incident-six-people-are-injured-after-a-car-ploughs-into-eid-al-fitr-worshippers-in-newcastle-upon-tyne-england-police-do.md) _Context: England_
4. [United Kingdom-United States relations: 2017 Brussels summit: British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to "The New York Times". British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/united-kingdom-united-states-relations-2017-brussels-summit-british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connec.md) _Context: British police_
5. [2017 Manchester Arena bombing: As part of an ongoing investigation, British police arrest six people in connection with Monday's deadly explosion, including a 23-year-old man who was taken into custody Tuesday. ](/news/2017/05/24/2017-manchester-arena-bombing-as-part-of-an-ongoing-investigation-british-police-arrest-six-people-in-connection-with-monday-s-deadly-expl.md) _Context: British police_
6. [WannaCry ransomware attack: A large scale international cyber-attack using the WannaCry ransomware package disrupts computer and telephone systems in thousands of cases across 99 countries. Affected organisations include: England's NHS, with doctors reporting messages demanding money; MegaFon and Sberbank in Russia; Telefonica, Iberdrola, and Gas Natural in Spain; and FedEx. ](/news/2017/05/12/wannacry-ransomware-attack-a-large-scale-international-cyber-attack-using-the-wannacry-ransomware-package-disrupts-computer-and-telephone-s.md) _Context: England_
7. [2016-17 UK and Ireland windstorm season: The Met Office issues travel warnings for parts of Wales, Scotland and England as Storm Doris, described as a -weather bomb-, brings gales, heavy rain and snow to the United Kingdom. At least one person is killed. ](/news/2017/02/23/2016-17-uk-and-ireland-windstorm-season-the-met-office-issues-travel-warnings-for-parts-of-wales-scotland-and-england-as-storm-doris-de.md) _Context: England_
8. [Alan Turing law: The United Kingdom posthumously pardons around 49,000 gay and bisexual men found guilty of decades-old sodomy laws in England and Wales. Those still living can apply for a statutory pardon. ](/news/2017/01/31/alan-turing-law-the-united-kingdom-posthumously-pardons-around-49-000-gay-and-bisexual-men-found-guilty-of-decades-old-sodomy-laws-in-engla.md) _Context: England_
9. [As many as 200 prisoners take over parts of HM Prison Bedford in Bedford, England, amid reports of a riot and explosions inside the Category B men's prison. ](/news/2016/11/6/as-many-as-200-prisoners-take-over-parts-of-hm-prison-bedford-in-bedford-england-amid-reports-of-a-riot-and-explosions-inside-the-category.md) _Context: England_
10. [English football sexual abuse scandal: Four police forces in England say they are actively investigating allegations of child sexual abuse in association football. Several ex-players have gone public with allegations against former Crewe Alexandra and Manchester City coach Barry Bennell. ](/news/2016/11/25/english-football-sexual-abuse-scandal-four-police-forces-in-england-say-they-are-actively-investigating-allegations-of-child-sexual-abuse-i.md) _Context: England_
