### [2012-04-24](/news/2012/04/24/index.md)

# News International phone hacking scandal:Appearing before the Leveson Inquiry, James Murdoch tells the hearing that News International's corporate systems failed to pick up on legal issues posed by its news gathering techniques. 

Ex-News International boss James Murdoch tells the Leveson Inquiry it &quot;remains his position&quot; he did not see an email about wide-spread phone hacking at the News of the World.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-17821507)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-17829360)
3. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-17827228)
4. [The Irish Times](http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/breaking/2012/0424/breaking10.html)
5. [The Scotsman](http://www.scotsman.com/news/uk/leveson-inquiry-alex-salmond-was-at-ni-s-disposal-over-bskyb-bid-1-2252801)

### Related:

1. [James Murdoch resigns from News International to focus on running News Limited's television business with the News International phone hacking scandal as a factor in the decision. ](/news/2012/02/29/james-murdoch-resigns-from-news-international-to-focus-on-running-news-limited-s-television-business-with-the-news-international-phone-hacki.md) _Context: James, News International, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
2. [Former News International tabloid editor Andy Coulson is found guilty in relation to conspiracy to hack mobile phones. Rebekah Brooks, Charlie Brooks, Clive Goodman, Ian Edmondson, Stuart Kuttner, Cheryl Carter and Mark Hanna are acquitted. ](/news/2014/06/24/former-news-international-tabloid-editor-andy-coulson-is-found-guilty-in-relation-to-conspiracy-to-hack-mobile-phones-rebekah-brooks-charl.md) _Context: News International, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
3. [Channel 4 news anchor Jon Snow tells the Leveson Inquiry that Associated Newspapers, which publishes the ''Daily Mail'' and ''Mail on Sunday'', is worse than News International's titles, that it has a "pernicious" and sometimes "mendacious" agenda to undermine people in public life, and predicts that "very possibly they will go after me for saying so". ](/news/2012/06/25/channel-4-news-anchor-jon-snow-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-that-associated-newspapers-which-publishes-the-daily-mail-and-mail-on-sunday.md) _Context: Leveson Inquiry, News International_
4. [British Prime Minister David Cameron appears before the Leveson Inquiry. The hearing is told of his relationship with former News International Chief Executive Rebekah Brooks, while he says his decision to appoint Andy Coulson as his Director of Communications will haunt him. ](/news/2012/06/14/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-appears-before-the-leveson-inquiry-the-hearing-is-told-of-his-relationship-with-former-news-internatio.md) _Context: Leveson Inquiry, News International_
5. [British Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt appears at the Leveson Inquiry into media practices in the UK. The inquiry hears that he congratulated James Murdoch on the progress of News Corporation's takeover bid for BSkyB just hours before he was charged with overseeing it, but acted impartially once he took on the role. Prime Minister David Cameron says he will not order an inquiry into Hunt's ministerial conduct. ](/news/2012/05/31/british-culture-secretary-jeremy-hunt-appears-at-the-leveson-inquiry-into-media-practices-in-the-uk-the-inquiry-hears-that-he-congratulated.md) _Context: James, Leveson Inquiry_
6. [Rebekah Brooks, the former chief executive of News International, and her husband Charlie Brooks are charged with perverting the course of justice in relation to the alleged destruction of evidence associated with the News International phone hacking scandal. ](/news/2012/05/15/rebekah-brooks-the-former-chief-executive-of-news-international-and-her-husband-charlie-brooks-are-charged-with-perverting-the-course-of-j.md) _Context: News International, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
7. [At the Leveson Inquiry into British media practices, former News International chief executive Rebekah Brooks discloses an email that appears to show that Britain's Culture Secretary, Jeremy Hunt, sought advice from News International over how Downing Street should respond to the News of the World phone hacking scandal. ](/news/2012/05/11/at-the-leveson-inquiry-into-british-media-practices-former-news-international-chief-executive-rebekah-brooks-discloses-an-email-that-appear.md) _Context: Leveson Inquiry, News International_
8. [British prime minister David Cameron allowed his former spokesman Andy Coulson, the ex-editor of the now-defunct ''News of the World'' tabloid, access to some of the British government's most sensitive secrets without full security clearance, the Leveson Inquiry is told. ](/news/2012/05/10/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-allowed-his-former-spokesman-andy-coulson-the-ex-editor-of-the-now-defunct-news-of-the-world-tablo.md) _Context: Leveson Inquiry, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
9. [James Murdoch resigns as Chairman of BSkyB in the wake of the News International phone hacking scandal. ](/news/2012/04/3/james-murdoch-resigns-as-chairman-of-bskyb-in-the-wake-of-the-news-international-phone-hacking-scandal.md) _Context: James, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
10. [British police arrest six people on suspicion of attempting to pervert the course of justice in relation to phone hacking in the media including Rebekah Brooks, a former top executive of News International. ](/news/2012/03/13/british-police-arrest-six-people-on-suspicion-of-attempting-to-pervert-the-course-of-justice-in-relation-to-phone-hacking-in-the-media-inclu.md) _Context: News International, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
