### [2012-04-24](/news/2012/04/24/index.md)

# United States Republican presidential primaries, 2012:: Voters in five US states go to the polls, with presumptive Republican nominee Mitt Romney projected to win in New York, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Connecticut and Rhode Island. 

Your trusted source for breaking news, analysis, exclusive interviews, headlines, and videos at ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/OTUS/gingrich-drop-tuesday-matter-delaware-spokesman/story?id=16204977)
2. [ABC News](http://www.abc27.com/story/17707558/romney-wins-pa-primary)
3. [NBC Politics](http://nbcpolitics.msnbc.msn.com/_news/2012/04/24/11373452-romney-wins-in-del-ri-and-conn-primaries?chromedomain=firstread&lite)
4. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/richard-adams-blog/2012/apr/25/primary-election-results-live)

### Related:

1. [United States presidential election, 2016: Voters in the U.S. states of Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island head to the polls to vote in Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. ](/news/2016/04/26/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-connecticut-delaware-maryland-pennsylvania-and-rhode-island-head.md) _Context: Connecticut, Delaware, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island_
2. [2011 Northeastern United States floods following Tropical Storm Lee:: The National Weather Service issues flash flooding warnings for the states of New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Connecticut, Maryland and Virginia. ](/news/2011/09/8/2011-northeastern-united-states-floods-following-tropical-storm-lee-the-national-weather-service-issues-flash-flooding-warnings-for-the-st.md) _Context: Connecticut, New York State, Pennsylvania_
3. [Shooting of Robert Godwin: The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/shooting-of-robert-godwin-the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-ex.md) _Context: New York State, Pennsylvania_
4. [Gun politics in the United States: The U.S. Supreme Court declines to review assault weapons bans in Connecticut and New York, as it did last December concerning Chicago, Illinois, city law. Five other states and Washington, D.C. have similar restrictions. ](/news/2016/06/20/gun-politics-in-the-united-states-the-u-s-supreme-court-declines-to-review-assault-weapons-bans-in-connecticut-and-new-york-as-it-did-las.md) _Context: Connecticut, New York State_
5. [November 2014 North American cold wave: Lake effect snow pummels areas around the Great Lake states, including New York, Pennsylvania, Michigan, Wisconsin and Ohio, stranding hundreds of vehicles and causing Erie County, New York, to declare a state of emergency. ](/news/2014/11/18/november-2014-north-american-cold-wave-lake-effect-snow-pummels-areas-around-the-great-lake-states-including-new-york-pennsylvania-michi.md) _Context: New York State, Pennsylvania_
6. [A winter storm hits the Northeastern United States, resulting in at least two deaths and thousands of flights being disrupted. Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and New York are amongst the worst affected. ](/news/2014/02/3/a-winter-storm-hits-the-northeastern-united-states-resulting-in-at-least-two-deaths-and-thousands-of-flights-being-disrupted-pennsylvania.md) _Context: New York State, Pennsylvania_
7. [A 4.0-magnitude (originally, 4.6) earthquake strikes Hollis Center, Maine, roughly 20 miles west of Portland, Maine, the state's largest city. At 3.1 miles deep, it is a shallow earthquake, felt in Maine, southwestern Connecticut, and eastern New York state. There were reports of very minor damage and cellular phone outages, but no serious property damage, injuries, or deaths. ](/news/2012/10/16/a-4-0-magnitude-originally-4-6-earthquake-strikes-hollis-center-maine-roughly-20-miles-west-of-portland-maine-the-state-s-largest-cit.md) _Context: Connecticut, New York State_
8. [Voters in the US states of Arkansas and Kentucky go to the polls, with Mitt Romney winning the Republican primaries, and President Barack Obama winning but performing relatively poorly against token opposition in the Democratic primaries. ](/news/2012/05/22/voters-in-the-us-states-of-arkansas-and-kentucky-go-to-the-polls-with-mitt-romney-winning-the-republican-primaries-and-president-barack-ob.md) _Context: Mitt Romney, Republican primaries_
9. [United States presidential election, 2012: Newt Gingrich suspends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination. Mitt Romney is declared the presumptive nominee. ](/news/2012/05/2/united-states-presidential-election-2012-newt-gingrich-suspends-his-campaign-for-the-republican-party-nomination-mitt-romney-is-declared.md) _Context: Mitt Romney, Republican primaries_
10. [United States Presidential election:: Voters in the US states of Maryland and Wisconsin as well as Washington, D.C. go to the polls for Republican primaries with Mitt Romney projected as the winner in all three contests. ](/news/2012/04/3/united-states-presidential-election-voters-in-the-us-states-of-maryland-and-wisconsin-as-well-as-washington-d-c-go-to-the-polls-for-repu.md) _Context: Mitt Romney, Republican primaries_
