### [2012-04-24](/news/2012/04/24/index.md)

# Voters in five US states go to the polls, with presumptive Republican nominee Mitt Romney projected to win in New York, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Connecticut and Rhode Island. 

Your trusted source for breaking news, analysis, exclusive interviews, headlines, and videos at ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/OTUS/gingrich-drop-tuesday-matter-delaware-spokesman/story?id=16204977)
2. [ABC News](http://www.abc27.com/story/17707558/romney-wins-pa-primary)
3. [NBC Politics](http://nbcpolitics.msnbc.msn.com/_news/2012/04/24/11373452-romney-wins-in-del-ri-and-conn-primaries?chromedomain=firstread&lite)
4. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/richard-adams-blog/2012/apr/25/primary-election-results-live)
4. [Cover Image](http://a.abcnews.com/assets/beta/assets/abcn_images/abc_logo_aluminum.png)

### Related:

1. [Voters in the U.S. states of Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island head to the polls to vote in Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. ](/news/2016/04/26/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-connecticut-delaware-maryland-pennsylvania-and-rhode-island-head-to-the-polls-to-vote-in-democratic-and-repu.md) _Context: Connecticut, Delaware, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island_
2. [The National Weather Service issues flash flooding warnings for the states of New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Connecticut, Maryland and Virginia. ](/news/2011/09/8/the-national-weather-service-issues-flash-flooding-warnings-for-the-states-of-new-york-new-jersey-pennsylvania-connecticut-maryland-and.md) _Context: Connecticut, New York State, Pennsylvania_
3. [ John Kerry wins the Super Tuesday primaries in California, Connecticut, Georgia, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, Ohio, and Rhode Island and caucus in Minnesota, effectively clinching the nomination. Howard Dean wins in his home state of Vermont even though he is no longer actively campaigning. John Edwards is reported to be withdrawing from the race three hours before polls close in California and just as the caucuses begin in Minnesota.](/news/2004/03/2/john-kerry-wins-the-super-tuesday-primaries-in-california-connecticut-georgia-maryland-massachusetts-new-york-ohio-and-rhode-island.md) _Context: Connecticut, New York State, Rhode Island_
4. [The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-expands-beyond-ohio-with-the.md) _Context: New York State, Pennsylvania_
5. [The U.S. Supreme Court declines to review assault weapons bans in Connecticut and New York, as it did last December concerning Chicago, Illinois, city law. Five other states and Washington, D.C. have similar restrictions. ](/news/2016/06/20/the-u-s-supreme-court-declines-to-review-assault-weapons-bans-in-connecticut-and-new-york-as-it-did-last-december-concerning-chicago-illi.md) _Context: Connecticut, New York State_
6. [Lake effect snow pummels areas around the Great Lake states, including New York, Pennsylvania, Michigan, Wisconsin and Ohio, stranding hundreds of vehicles and causing Erie County, New York, to declare a state of emergency. ](/news/2014/11/18/lake-effect-snow-pummels-areas-around-the-great-lake-states-including-new-york-pennsylvania-michigan-wisconsin-and-ohio-stranding-hundr.md) _Context: New York State, Pennsylvania_
7. [A winter storm hits the Northeastern United States, resulting in at least two deaths and thousands of flights being disrupted. Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and New York are amongst the worst affected. ](/news/2014/02/3/a-winter-storm-hits-the-northeastern-united-states-resulting-in-at-least-two-deaths-and-thousands-of-flights-being-disrupted-pennsylvania.md) _Context: New York State, Pennsylvania_
8. [A 4.0-magnitude (originally, 4.6) earthquake strikes Hollis Center, Maine, roughly 20 miles west of Portland, Maine, the state's largest city. At 3.1 miles deep, it is a shallow earthquake, felt in Maine, southwestern Connecticut, and eastern New York state. There were reports of very minor damage and cellular phone outages, but no serious property damage, injuries, or deaths. ](/news/2012/10/16/a-4-0-magnitude-originally-4-6-earthquake-strikes-hollis-center-maine-roughly-20-miles-west-of-portland-maine-the-state-s-largest-cit.md) _Context: Connecticut, New York State_
9. [An earthquake occurs 56 kilometres north-northeast of Ottawa, registering a 5.0 on the Richter scale. Slight damage was reported near the epicenter, and the tremor was felt in Sudbury, Windsor, Ann Arbor, Detroit, Toronto, Milwaukee, Northern Pennsylvania, Ohio and New York State. ](/news/2010/06/23/an-earthquake-occurs-56-kilometres-north-northeast-of-ottawa-registering-a-5-0-on-the-richter-scale-slight-damage-was-reported-near-the-ep.md) _Context: New York State, Pennsylvania_
10. [ A nor'easter in the northeastern United States causes flooding and disrupts travel in the region. One person is killed in a tornado in North Carolina and two people die in weather-related car accidents in New York and Connecticut. ](/news/2007/04/15/a-nor-easter-in-the-northeastern-united-states-causes-flooding-and-disrupts-travel-in-the-region-one-person-is-killed-in-a-tornado-in-nort.md) _Context: Connecticut, New York State_
