### [2007-01-1](/news/2007/01/1/index.md)

#  The Bulgarian political party Citizens for European Development of Bulgaria, which had only been founded on 2006-12-03 by Sofia mayor Boyko Borisov, instantly comes second in a public poll on party support, trailing only the Bulgarian Socialist Party. 




### Source:

1. [Angus-Reid](http://www.angus-reid.com/polls/index.cfm/fuseaction/viewItem/itemID/14267)

### Related:

1. [Voters in Bulgaria go to the polls for a parliamentary election. Boyko Borisov's GERB party wins between 30% and 32% of the votes, closely followed by Sergei Stanishev's resurgent BSP with 26 to 28 percent. No party manages to obtain a majority, while analysts predict a political deadlock amid low voter turnout and economic woes. ](/news/2013/05/12/voters-in-bulgaria-go-to-the-polls-for-a-parliamentary-election-boyko-borisov-s-gerb-party-wins-between-30-and-32-of-the-votes-closely-f.md) _Context: Boyko Borisov, Bulgaria, GERB, Socialist Party_
2. [Bulgarians vote to elect a new Prime Minister after the resignation of Boyko Borissov. Opinion polls predict a close contest between Borissov's centre-right GERB and the Socialist Party. ](/news/2017/03/26/bulgarians-vote-to-elect-a-new-prime-minister-after-the-resignation-of-boyko-borissov-opinion-polls-predict-a-close-contest-between-borisso.md) _Context: Bulgaria, Socialist Party_
3. [Bulgarians head to the polls in a presidential runoff between BSP backed Rumen Radev, of the socialist opposition, and Tsetska Tsacheva, Chairwoman of the National Assembly, from incumbent prime-minister Boyko Borisov's conservative GERB. Exit polls by Alpha Research and Gallup International show Radev with about 58 percent of the  vote with Tsacheva getting around 35 percent. ](/news/2016/11/13/bulgarians-head-to-the-polls-in-a-presidential-runoff-between-bsp-backed-rumen-radev-of-the-socialist-opposition-and-tsetska-tsacheva-cha.md) _Context: Boyko Borisov, Socialist Party_
4. [2013 Bulgarian protests: Prime Minister of Bulgaria Boyko Borisov says he will resign with all his cabinet due to widespread protests amid a financial crisis. ](/news/2013/02/20/2013-bulgarian-protests-prime-minister-of-bulgaria-boyko-borisov-says-he-will-resign-with-all-his-cabinet-due-to-widespread-protests-amid-a.md) _Context: Boyko Borisov, Bulgaria_
5. [2013 Bulgarian protests: At least 10 people are injured in the Bulgarian capital Sofia, as tens of thousands turn up for rallies in 10 cities, a day after Prime Minister Boyko Borisov sacked his Finance Minister Simeon Djankov. The government revokes the license of Czech company CEZ due to high electricity prices, which helped fuel the 9-day protests. ](/news/2013/02/19/2013-bulgarian-protests-at-least-10-people-are-injured-in-the-bulgarian-capital-sofia-as-tens-of-thousands-turn-up-for-rallies-in-10-citie.md) _Context: Boyko Borisov, Bulgaria_
6. [Voters in Bulgaria went to the polls for the second round of a presidential election with Rosen Plevneliev of Citizens for European Development of Bulgaria being elected. ](/news/2011/10/30/voters-in-bulgaria-went-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-a-presidential-election-with-rosen-plevneliev-of-citizens-for-european-developm.md) _Context: Bulgaria, GERB_
7. [Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin has arrived in Sofia for talks with his Bulgarian counterpart Boyko Borisov. ](/news/2010/11/12/russian-prime-minister-vladimir-putin-has-arrived-in-sofia-for-talks-with-his-bulgarian-counterpart-boyko-borisov.md) _Context: Boyko Borisov, Bulgaria_
8. [ Bulgaria elects Members of the European Parliament for the first time, the three top parties each possibly receiving five deputies. The narrow winner of the elections is the opposition Citizens for European Development of Bulgaria.](/news/2007/05/20/bulgaria-elects-members-of-the-european-parliament-for-the-first-time-the-three-top-parties-each-possibly-receiving-five-deputies-the-nar.md) _Context: Bulgaria, GERB_
9. [ In Bulgaria, Bulgarian Socialist Party fails to form a government due to hung parliament. President Georgi Parvanov approaches the National Movement Simeon II of former king Simeon Saxe-Coburg-Gotha  ](/news/2005/07/28/in-bulgaria-bulgarian-socialist-party-fails-to-form-a-government-due-to-hung-parliament-president-georgi-parvanov-approaches-the-national.md) _Context: Bulgaria, Socialist Party_
10. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: Bulgaria_
