### [2007-01-1](/news/2007/01/1/index.md)

#  The Armenian government detains citizen Vahan Aroyan for allegedly plotting a coup d'etat against Armenian President Robert Kocharyan. The Association of Armenian Volunteers, a political opposition group, denounces Aroyan's detainment, saying the move is an attempt to silence dissidence. 




### Source:

1. [RadioFreeEurope/RadioLiberty](http://www.rferl.org/featuresarticle/2006/12/700B15C8-C42C-4041-927B-8FEF2818727B.html)

### Related:

1. [2017 dissolution of Venezuelan National Assembly. In a ruling, Venezuela's Supreme Court says it "guarantees congressional functions will be exercised by" itself, authorizing president Nicolas Maduro to create oil joint ventures without the previously mandated congressional approval. Opposition leaders call it a "coup", while Peru recalls its ambassador. ](/news/2017/03/30/2017-dissolution-of-venezuelan-national-assembly-in-a-ruling-venezuela-s-supreme-court-says-it-guarantees-congressional-functions-will-be.md) _Context: coup_
2. [2016 Turkish coup d'etat attempt. General Akin Ozturk, Turkish Air Force chief until August 2015, confesses to planning last week's attempted coup d'etat, according to the state-run Anadolu News Agency. ](/news/2016/07/18/2016-turkish-coup-d-a-c-tat-attempt-general-aka-n-azta1-4rk-turkish-air-force-chief-until-august-2015-confesses-to-planning-last-week-s-atte.md) _Context: coup_
3. [2015-16 protests in Brazil. Brazil President Dilma Rousseff says she will not resign under any circumstances because she hadn't committed a crime, and equated a bid to impeach her to a coup d'etat against democratic rule. A congressional impeachment committee has started hearings. Rousseff could be suspended if the Chamber of Deputies approves the motion to impeach. The president urged the Supreme Court to remain impartial in this political crisis. ](/news/2016/03/22/2015-16-protests-in-brazil-brazil-president-dilma-rousseff-says-she-will-not-resign-under-any-circumstances-because-she-hadn-t-committed.md) _Context: coup_
4. [Niger's president Mahamadou Issoufou announces that an attempted coup, involving the use of aerial firepower to overthrow the government has been foiled and those behind it have been arrested. Among those taken into custody were the former military chief of staff, General Souleymane Salou, and Lt. Colonel Dan Haoua, head of the air force base in the capital Niamey. ](/news/2015/12/17/niger-s-president-mahamadou-issoufou-announces-that-an-attempted-coup-involving-the-use-of-aerial-firepower-to-overthrow-the-government-has.md) _Context: coup_
5. [2015 Burkinabe coup d'etat. The coup is reversed. Interim President Michel Kafando and interim Prime Minister Yacouba Isaac Zida are reinstalled, and government soldiers are returned to their stations. Coup leader Gen. Gilbert Diendere apologizes for the coup and the week-long unrest that killed at least 10 people. The Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) suggests that elections, originally scheduled for Oct. 11, be held Nov. 22, and that candidate eligibility rules be more inclusive. ](/news/2015/09/24/2015-burkinaba-c-coup-d-a-c-tat-the-coup-is-reversed-interim-president-michel-kafando-and-interim-prime-minister-yacouba-isaac-zida-are-reins.md) _Context: coup_
6. [2015 Burundian unrest. Major General Godefroid Niyombare has declared a coup in Burundi and the establishment of a "national salvation committee". President Pierre Nkurunziza is attempting to return home from Tanzania. ](/news/2015/05/13/2015-burundian-unrest-major-general-godefroid-niyombare-has-declared-a-coup-in-burundi-and-the-establishment-of-a-national-salvation-commi.md) _Context: coup_
7. [ Former Vice President of Zimbabwe Joice Mujuru is expelled from the ruling party for allegedly planning a coup against President Robert Mugabe. ](/news/2015/04/3/former-vice-president-of-zimbabwe-joice-mujuru-is-expelled-from-the-ruling-party-for-allegedly-planning-a-coup-against-president-robert-mug.md) _Context: coup_
8. [2012 Maldives Crisis: A Commonwealth-backed inquiry dismisses claims that a military coup forced former Maldivian president Mohamed Nasheed from power. ](/news/2012/08/30/2012-maldives-crisis-a-commonwealth-backed-inquiry-dismisses-claims-that-a-military-coup-forced-former-maldivian-president-mohamed-nasheed.md) _Context: coup_
9. [2010 Ecuador crisis. A state of emergency is declared in Ecuador after troops storm the international airport and police storm the Congress, in which the government declared was an attempted coup d'etat. ](/news/2010/09/30/2010-ecuador-crisis-a-state-of-emergency-is-declared-in-ecuador-after-troops-storm-the-international-airport-and-police-storm-the-congress.md) _Context: coup_
10. [ Paraguay's President Fernando Lugo replaces top military commanders amid rumours of a coup d'etat. ](/news/2009/11/5/paraguay-s-president-fernando-lugo-replaces-top-military-commanders-amid-rumours-of-a-coup-d-a-c-tat.md) _Context: coup_
