### [2008-11-4](/news/2008/11/4/index.md)

#  The Straits Exchange Foundation and the Association for Relations Across the Taiwan Straits sign four agreements for the Three Links across the Taiwan Strait, a major step in normalizing Cross-Strait relations. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2008/WORLD/asiapcf/11/04/taiwan.china.ap/index.html)

### Related:

1. [ ARATS president Chen Yunlin, the official delegation of the People's Republic of China, arrives in Taiwan for talks with SEF chairman Chiang Pin-kung. ](/news/2008/11/3/arats-president-chen-yunlin-the-official-delegation-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-arrives-in-taiwan-for-talks-with-sef-chairman-chian.md) _Context: Association for Relations Across the Taiwan Straits, Straits Exchange Foundation_
2. [Cross-Strait relations: A spokesman for the Taiwan Affairs Office of People's Republic of China says Taiwan is barred from observing this year-s World Health Assembly because current President Tsai Ing-wen has not endorsed the Beijing view that both sides belong to a single China under the One-China policy; the spokesman further said that the health of people in Taiwan is not being put at risk by Taiwan's inability to attend. ](/news/2017/05/10/cross-strait-relations-a-spokesman-for-the-taiwan-affairs-office-of-people-s-republic-of-china-says-taiwan-is-barred-from-observing-this-ye.md) _Context: Cross-Strait relations_
3. [Cross-Strait relations: People's Republic of China detains Taiwanese political activist Lee Ming-che on suspicion of endangering national security and revokes his wife's travel permit. ](/news/2017/04/10/cross-strait-relations-people-s-republic-of-china-detains-taiwanese-political-activist-lee-ming-che-on-suspicion-of-endangering-national-se.md) _Context: Cross-Strait relations_
4. [Cross-Strait relations: China is blocking Taiwan's efforts to join the International Civil Aviation Organization despite 58 million air passengers passing over Taiwan's flight information region annually, citing the One-China principle. ](/news/2016/08/4/cross-strait-relations-china-is-blocking-taiwan-s-efforts-to-join-the-international-civil-aviation-organization-despite-58-million-air-pass.md) _Context: Cross-Strait relations_
5. [Cross-Strait relations: Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen rejects a supposed deadline set by Chinese President Xi Jinping for accepting the 1992 Consensus, saying such a deadline is against the will of the people. ](/news/2016/07/22/cross-strait-relations-taiwanese-president-tsai-ing-wen-rejects-a-supposed-deadline-set-by-chinese-president-xi-jinping-for-accepting-the-1.md) _Context: Cross-Strait relations_
6. [Cross-Strait relations: The People's Republic of China cuts communication mechanism with Taiwan after the new government refuses to acknowledge the One China policy. ](/news/2016/06/25/cross-strait-relations-the-people-s-republic-of-china-cuts-communication-mechanism-with-taiwan-after-the-new-government-refuses-to-acknowle.md) _Context: Cross-Strait relations_
7. [Cross-Strait relations: China stages joint war games featuring mock beach landing, helicopter assaults and tank battles along its east coast, just days before the inauguration of Taiwanese president Tsai Ing-Wen. ](/news/2016/05/18/cross-strait-relations-china-stages-joint-war-games-featuring-mock-beach-landing-helicopter-assaults-and-tank-battles-along-its-east-coast.md) _Context: Cross-Strait relations_
8. [Cross-Strait relations: Under pressure from the Chinese delegation, Belgian Deputy Prime Minister Kris Peeters ejects the Taiwanese delegation from a symposium of the OECD Steel Committee; it was the first such incident since Taiwan joined the OECD Steel Committee in 2005. ](/news/2016/04/19/cross-strait-relations-under-pressure-from-the-chinese-delegation-belgian-deputy-prime-minister-kris-peeters-ejects-the-taiwanese-delegati.md) _Context: Cross-Strait relations_
9. [ Cross-Strait relations: Taiwan accuses China of "extrajudicial abduction" after 45 Taiwanese acquitted of fraud in Kenya were forcibly deported to China. ](/news/2016/04/12/cross-strait-relations-taiwan-accuses-china-of-extrajudicial-abduction-after-45-taiwanese-acquitted-of-fraud-in-kenya-were-forcibly-depo.md) _Context: Cross-Strait relations_
10. [ Cross-Strait relations: 2015 Ma-Xi Meeting: Chinese President Xi Jinping and Taiwanese President Ma Ying-jeou meet in Singapore, the first meeting between a Chinese and Taiwanese leader since the Chinese Communist Revolution. ](/news/2015/11/7/cross-strait-relations-2015-ma-xi-meeting-chinese-president-xi-jinping-and-taiwanese-president-ma-ying-jeou-meet-in-singapore-the-firs.md) _Context: Cross-Strait relations_
