### [2008-11-4](/news/2008/11/4/index.md)

#  United States general elections: Democrat Barack Obama wins the 2008 United States presidential election after beating Republican John McCain, becoming the first African American to be elected to the office of President of the United States. 




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/us_elections_2008/7707760.stm)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2008/POLITICS/11/04/election.president/index.html)

### Related:

1. [United States Republican Party chairman Michael Steele is heavily criticised by members of his own party and by members of the Democratic Party for saying America's war in Afghanistan is "a war of Obama's choosing". ](/news/2010/07/3/united-states-republican-party-chairman-michael-steele-is-heavily-criticised-by-members-of-his-own-party-and-by-members-of-the-democratic-pa.md) _Context: Barack Obama, D, R, United States_
2. [The Congressional Black Caucus appeals to American President Barack Obama and Democratic congressional leaders  for tougher efforts to reduce racial disparities in the U.S. health system, saying there are four critical areas not addressed by Obama's plan. ](/news/2010/02/25/the-congressional-black-caucus-appeals-to-american-president-barack-obama-and-democratic-congressional-leaders-for-tougher-efforts-to-reduc.md) _Context: Barack Obama, D, President, United States_
3. [ U.S. President Barack Obama arranged a meeting with police officer Sgt. James Crowley and African American public intellectual Henry Louis Gates at the White House in a bid to quell a dispute over racial profiling that arose from an altercation between the two of them. ](/news/2009/07/30/u-s-president-barack-obama-arranged-a-meeting-with-police-officer-sgt-james-crowley-and-african-american-public-intellectual-henry-louis.md) _Context: African-American, Barack Obama, President, United States_
4. [ United States Inauguration Day 2009:  Barack Obama is inaugurated as the 44th and first African-American President of the United States. ](/news/2009/01/20/united-states-inauguration-day-2009-p-barack-obama-is-inaugurated-as-the-44th-and-first-african-american-president-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: African-American, Barack Obama, President, United States_
5. [ Democratic Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich is arrested by Federal Bureau of Investigation agents at his Chicago home, amidst allegations of corruption and pay-to-play regarding the replacement for United States President-elect Barack Obama in the Senate. ](/news/2008/12/9/democratic-illinois-governor-rod-blagojevich-is-arrested-by-federal-bureau-of-investigation-agents-at-his-chicago-home-amidst-allegations.md) _Context: Barack Obama, D, President, United States_
6. [ U.S. presidential election:  Illinois Senator Barack Obama accepts the nomination of the Democratic Party at the INVESCO Field at Mile High in Denver, Colorado, becoming the first African American to be nominated by a major party for election as President of the United States. ](/news/2008/08/28/u-s-presidential-election-illinois-senator-barack-obama-accepts-the-nomination-of-the-democratic-party-at-the-invesco-field-at-mile-high.md) _Context: African-American, Barack Obama, D, President_
7. [ Hillary Clinton suspends her presidential campaign and endorses Barack Obama as the Democratic candidate for President of the United States in the 2008 election. ](/news/2008/06/7/hillary-clinton-suspends-her-presidential-campaign-and-endorses-barack-obama-as-the-democratic-candidate-for-president-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: 2008, Barack Obama, D, President_
8. [ The America's Climate Security Act of 2007, a greenhouse gas emissions reduction bill, stalls in the U.S. Senate after a 48-36 vote fails to invoke cloture on a Republican filibuster. Presidential candidates John McCain and Barack Obama were among six senators absent from the vote who expressed support for the bill. ](/news/2008/06/6/the-america-s-climate-security-act-of-2007-a-greenhouse-gas-emissions-reduction-bill-stalls-in-the-u-s-senate-after-a-48-36-vote-fails-t.md) _Context: 2008, Barack Obama, John McCain, R_
9. [ United States presidential election, 2008:  Voters in New Hampshire go to the polls for the first primary election to determine presidential nominees for the Democratic and Republican parties. New York Senator Hillary Clinton wins the Democratic primary. Arizona Senator John McCain wins the Republican primary. ](/news/2008/01/8/united-states-presidential-election-2008-p-voters-in-new-hampshire-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-primary-election-to-determine-presidenti.md) _Context: 2008, D, John McCain, R_
10. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Mitt Romney wins the Republican Michigan primary with John McCain finishing second. Hillary Clinton wins the Democratic contest but she was the only leading contender in that election. Democratic candidates brace for a competitive primary in Nevada while Republicans contend for the South Carolina primary. ](/news/2008/01/15/united-states-presidential-election-2008-mitt-romney-wins-the-republican-michigan-primary-with-john-mccain-finishing-second-hillary-clin.md) _Context: 2008, D, John McCain, R_
