### [2006-11-1](/news/2006/11/1/index.md)

#  White House Press Secretary Tony Snow said in a statement that "We are therefore increasingly concerned by mounting evidence that the Syrian and Iranian governments, Hezbollah, and their Lebanese allies are preparing plans to topple Lebanon's democratically elected government," and that "We're making it clear to everybody in the region that we think that there ought to be hands off the <nowiki>[Prime Minister Fouad]</nowiki> Siniora government; let them go about and do their business.

Reuters.com brings you the latest news from around the world, covering breaking news in markets, business, politics, entertainment, technology, video and pictures.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.com/news/articlenews.aspx?type=newsOne&storyID=2006-11-01T212717Z_01_WBT006156_RTRUKOC_0_US-MIDEAST-LEBANON-USA.xml&WTmodLoc=Home-C2-TopNews-newsOne-2)

### Related:

1. [Friends of Syria calls on Iran and its Lebanese ally Hezbollah to withdraw from Syrian territory. ](/news/2013/05/23/friends-of-syria-calls-on-iran-and-its-lebanese-ally-hezbollah-to-withdraw-from-syrian-territory.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Iran, Lebanon, Syria_
2. [ The Kuwaiti newspaper "A-Siasa" reports that Palestinian and international terrorist organizations have decided at a recent Beirut conference to launch a wave of terror attacks against Israeli and Jewish interests worldwide. According to the report, there will also be similar attacks against coalition troops in Iraq and Afghanistan. The conference, which took place at the start of February, was also said to have been attended by senior members of the Syrian, Lebanese and Iranian intelligence services who presented a list of Israeli intelligence officials to be assassinated. Organizations in attendance included: Al-Qaeda, Ansar al-Islam, Hezbollah, Hamas, Islamic Jihad. ](/news/2004/02/19/the-kuwaiti-newspaper-a-siasa-reports-that-palestinian-and-international-terrorist-organizations-have-decided-at-a-recent-beirut-conferen.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Iran, Lebanon, Syria_
3. [The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-israeli-air-force-launches-several-airstrikes-on-targets-inside-syria-and-for-the-first-time-publicly-claims-responsibility-syrian-ai.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Syria_
4. [The Saudi-owned news channel Al Arabiya shuts its offices in Beirut, Lebanon and dismisses 27 employees in a sudden move reflecting tensions between Saudi Arabia and Lebanon-based Hezbollah, which is backed by Iran. Saudi Arabia interpreted Lebanon's lack of public solidarity as a sign that it had become beholden to Hezbollah. ](/news/2016/04/2/the-saudi-owned-news-channel-al-arabiya-shuts-its-offices-in-beirut-lebanon-and-dismisses-27-employees-in-a-sudden-move-reflecting-tensions.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Iran, Lebanon_
5. [The United Arab Emirates (UAE) bans its citizens from traveling to Lebanon, just hours after Saudi Arabia issued a warning to its citizens to leave Lebanon in retaliation for Lebanon choosing to side with Iran in the Iran-Saudi Arabia proxy conflict and Hezbollah's influence on the Lebanese government. ](/news/2016/02/23/the-united-arab-emirates-uae-bans-its-citizens-from-traveling-to-lebanon-just-hours-after-saudi-arabia-issued-a-warning-to-its-citizens-t.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Iran, Lebanon_
6. [Bahrain says it has dismantled a terrorist cell allegedly linked to Iran's Revolutionary Guard and Lebanon's Hezbollah. ](/news/2016/01/6/bahrain-says-it-has-dismantled-a-terrorist-cell-allegedly-linked-to-iran-s-revolutionary-guard-and-lebanon-s-hezbollah.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Iran, Lebanon_
7. [A missile-strike in Jaramana in southern Syria kills high-ranking Lebanese Hezbollah commander Samir Kuntar and eight National Defence Force (NDF) personnel. The responsibility for the incident taken by the Free Syrian Army, though Hezbollah alleges Israeli involvement. Kuntar was the longest serving Lebanese prisoner in Israel until his release in 2008. On April 22, 1979 Kuntar and his team broke into an apartment building and kidnapped a father, 31-year-old Danny Haran, and his 4-year-old daughter, Einat, taking them to a nearby beach and killing them. ](/news/2015/12/20/a-missile-strike-in-jaramana-in-southern-syria-kills-high-ranking-lebanese-hezbollah-commander-samir-kuntar-and-eight-national-defence-force.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Syria_
8. [The Israeli Air Force reportedly conducts an airstrike near Damascus International Airport, in Syria's capital, the target apparently a weapons shipment reportedly intended for Lebanese terrorist organization Hezbollah, according to Syrian opposition groups. ](/news/2015/11/11/the-israeli-air-force-reportedly-conducts-an-airstrike-near-damascus-international-airport-in-syria-s-capital-the-target-apparently-a-weap.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Syria_
9. [Fighting resumes in Syria near the Lebanese border and Idlib Governorate as a temporary ceasefire between the Syrian government, its ally Hezbollah and an alliance of insurgent groups ends. ](/news/2015/08/15/fighting-resumes-in-syria-near-the-lebanese-border-and-idlib-governorate-as-a-temporary-ceasefire-between-the-syrian-government-its-ally-he.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Syria_
10. [At least four people are killed as Hezbollah clashes with Syrian rebels on the border between Lebanon and Syria. ](/news/2014/07/13/at-least-four-people-are-killed-as-hezbollah-clashes-with-syrian-rebels-on-the-border-between-lebanon-and-syria.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Syria_
