### [2016-04-3](/news/2016/04/3/index.md)

# A leak of 11.5 million documents from law firm Mossack Fonseca reveals details of shell companies used by 12 current or former world leaders including President of Russia Vladimir Putin whose aides allegedly shuffled billions of dollars. 

Guardian analysis of leaked papers will show how influential people including heads of government have exploited tax havens


### Source:

1. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/2016/04/03/panama-papers-explainer-what-you-should-know/82591116/)
2. [ABC News via 9MSN](http://www.msn.com/en-au/news/world/vladimir-putin-associates-jackie-chan-identified-in-unprecedented-leak-of-offshore-financial-records/ar-BBriy6Y?li=AAgfIYZ&ocid=UP94DHP)
3. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/news/2016/apr/03/the-panama-papers-how-the-worlds-rich-and-famous-hide-their-money-offshore)

### Related:

1. [When Russian President Vladimir Putin, during the January telephone conversation with President Donald Trump,  raised the possibility of extending the 2010  New START treaty that caps U.S. and Russian deployment of nuclear warheads, President Trump    declined, stating that this treaty  is a bad deal for the United States. ](/news/2017/02/9/when-russian-president-vladimir-putin-during-the-january-telephone-conversation-with-president-donald-trump-raised-the-possibility-of-ext.md) _Context: Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
2. [President of Russia Vladimir Putin signs into law the decriminalization of domestic violence. ](/news/2017/02/7/president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-signs-into-law-the-decriminalization-of-domestic-violence.md) _Context: Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
3. [Russian President Vladimir Putin signs a symbolic order to withdraw Russia's signature from the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court (ICC) amid calls by pro-rebel western Non-governmental organisations for an investigation into alleged Russian war crimes in Syria. ](/news/2016/11/16/russian-president-vladimir-putin-signs-a-symbolic-order-to-withdraw-russia-s-signature-from-the-rome-statute-of-the-international-criminal-c.md) _Context: Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
4. [U.S. President Barack Obama and Russian President Vladimir Putin fail to agree on a peace deal regarding the Syrian civil war. ](/news/2016/09/5/u-s-president-barack-obama-and-russian-president-vladimir-putin-fail-to-agree-on-a-peace-deal-regarding-the-syrian-civil-war.md) _Context: Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
5. [A fire at a warehouse in Moscow, Russia, kills at least 17 people, all migrant workers from Kyrgyzstan.  The Investigative Committee of Russia, which reports directly to President Vladimir Putin, says a criminal inquiry has been launched. ](/news/2016/08/27/a-fire-at-a-warehouse-in-moscow-russia-kills-at-least-17-people-all-migrant-workers-from-kyrgyzstan-the-investigative-committee-of-russ.md) _Context: Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
6. [Democratic presidential election nominee Hillary Clinton accuses Russian intelligence services of being behind recent hacks into Democratic National Committee computers, while also accusing Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump of supporting Russian President Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2016/07/31/democratic-presidential-election-nominee-hillary-clinton-accuses-russian-intelligence-services-of-being-behind-recent-hacks-into-democratic.md) _Context: Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
7. [Following his meeting at Finnish  President Sauli Niinisto's residence, Russian President Vladimir Putin says that Russia would respect Finland's choice whether to join NATO, though as part of NATO's military infrastructure, Finnish Defence Forces would overnight be at the borders of the Russian Federation. Putin and Niinisto call for improved security in Baltic airspace where Russian and Western aircraft have had close encounters in recent months. ](/news/2016/07/1/following-his-meeting-at-finnish-president-sauli-niinistap-s-residence-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-that-russia-would-respect-fin.md) _Context: Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
8. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan writes Russian President Vladimir Putin to offer condolences to the family of the deceased Russian pilot of the Sukhoi Su-24  warplane shot down last November. The Kremlin has insisted on a personal apology for months. A Turkish spokesman says this is a step toward improving bilateral relations between the two countries.  ](/news/2016/06/27/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-writes-russian-president-vladimir-putin-to-offer-condolences-to-the-family-of-the-deceased-russian-p.md) _Context: Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
9. [A Spanish judge issues an arrest warrant for various individuals with links to organized crime from Russia. The list also includes former and current officials of the Russian government with close links to Russian President Vladimir Putin. Prominent officials include former Defense Minister Anatoliy Serdyukov and former Prime Minister Viktor Zubkov. The charges range from money laundering to assassination. ](/news/2016/05/3/a-spanish-judge-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-various-individuals-with-links-to-organized-crime-from-russia-the-list-also-includes-former-an.md) _Context: Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
10. [El Salvador officials seize documents and equipment during a raid of the local offices of Panamanian law firm Mossack Fonseca. Attorney General Douglas Melendez says authorities interviewed seven employees, and confiscated 20 computers and some documents. ](/news/2016/04/8/el-salvador-officials-seize-documents-and-equipment-during-a-raid-of-the-local-offices-of-panamanian-law-firm-mossack-fonseca-attorney-gene.md) _Context: Mossack Fonseca, Panama Papers_
