### [2016-04-3](/news/2016/04/3/index.md)

# An attacker throws a grenade and fires shots outside a sports hall in the small town of Zubin Potok in northern Kosovo, just hours before Serbian Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic was due to hold an election rally there. "A hand grenade exploded outside the sports hall but there are no injuries," Besim Hoti, a Kosovo police commander in the area, told Reuters. 

An attacker threw a hand grenade and fired shots outside a sports hall in northern Kosovo early on Sunday, hours before Serbian Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic was due to hold an election rally there, police said.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-kosovo-blast-idUSKCN0X00GD)
1. [Cover Image](http://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png)

### Related:

1. [Serbian president Aleksandar Vucic nominates Ana Brnabic as the next Prime Minister of Serbia. If confirmed by the National Assembly, Brnabic will become Serbia's first female and lesbian Prime Minister. ](/news/2017/06/15/serbian-president-aleksandar-vuaia-nominates-ana-brnabia-as-the-next-prime-minister-of-serbia-if-confirmed-by-the-national-assembly-brn.md) _Context: Aleksandar Vucic, Prime Minister of Serbia_
2. [Voters in Serbia go to the polls for an election, which Prime Minster Aleksandar Vucic of the conservative Serbian Progressive Party is expected to win. In projections, Vucic gets around 55% of the votes, avoiding a second round. ](/news/2017/04/2/voters-in-serbia-go-to-the-polls-for-an-election-which-prime-minster-aleksandar-vuaia-of-the-conservative-serbian-progressive-party-is-ex.md) _Context: Aleksandar Vucic, Prime Minister of Serbia_
3. [Roughly 2,000 people protest in Belgrade against alleged fraud in the country's recent election. The protesters accuse Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic of manipulating the results in order to prevent the far-right Dveri party from reaching the 5-percent threshold and gaining seats in the National Assembly. A repeat vote is expected on May 4 in locations where voting irregularities have been found. ](/news/2016/04/30/roughly-2-000-people-protest-in-belgrade-against-alleged-fraud-in-the-country-s-recent-election-the-protesters-accuse-prime-minister-aleksa.md) _Context: Aleksandar Vucic, Prime Minister of Serbia_
4. [Serbian President Tomislav Nikolic, at the request of Serbian Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic, dissolves Serbia's parliament and calls for early elections to take place on April 24. ](/news/2016/03/4/serbian-president-tomislav-nikolia-at-the-request-of-serbian-prime-minister-aleksandar-vuaia-dissolves-serbia-s-parliament-and-calls-fo.md) _Context: Aleksandar Vucic, Prime Minister of Serbia_
5. [Serbian Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic is pelted with stones and other objects as he attempts to pay respects to the victims of the Bosnian Genocide, Vucic is a former member of the Serbian Radical Party, a far right anti-Islam party. ](/news/2015/07/11/serbian-prime-minister-aleksandar-vuaia-is-pelted-with-stones-and-other-objects-as-he-attempts-to-pay-respects-to-the-victims-of-the-bosni.md) _Context: Aleksandar Vucic, Prime Minister of Serbia_
6. [ Serbian Prime Minister Vojislav Kostunica resigns, dissolving a coalition too divided over the loss of Kosovo to carry on governing. ](/news/2008/03/8/serbian-prime-minister-vojislav-koa-tunica-resigns-dissolving-a-coalition-too-divided-over-the-loss-of-kosovo-to-carry-on-governing.md) _Context: Kosovo, Prime Minister of Serbia_
7. [Voters in Kosovo go to the polls for a snap election to replace the government of Prime Minister Isa Mustafa, who was removed from office in a no-confidence motion last month. ](/news/2017/06/11/voters-in-kosovo-go-to-the-polls-for-a-snap-election-to-replace-the-government-of-prime-minister-isa-mustafa-who-was-removed-from-office-in.md) _Context: Kosovo_
8. [Serbian President Tomislav Nikolic accuses Kosovo of "seeking a war" after a train, en route to the Serb-majority city of Mitrovica in North Kosovo, and decorated in Serbian national colors and the words ""Kosovo je Srbija"" (Kosovo is Serbia), was prevented from crossing the Kosovan border. The Prime Minister of Kosovo Isa Mustafa says the train had been stopped "to protect the country's sovereignty". ](/news/2017/01/15/serbian-president-tomislav-nikolia-accuses-kosovo-of-seeking-a-war-after-a-train-en-route-to-the-serb-majority-city-of-mitrovica-in-nort.md) _Context: Kosovo_
9. [Reuters reports, on the basis of anonymous Chinese bankers, that the State Administration of Foreign Exchange is instructing them to keep quiet about any negative analysis of prospects for the yuan. ](/news/2017/01/11/reuters-reports-on-the-basis-of-anonymous-chinese-bankers-that-the-state-administration-of-foreign-exchange-is-instructing-them-to-keep-qu.md) _Context: Reuters_
10. [Reuters reports, based on sources "familiar with the matter," that Nissan is talking with Panasonic Corp. about the sale of Nissan's car battery manufacturing operation. ](/news/2016/08/6/reuters-reports-based-on-sources-familiar-with-the-matter-that-nissan-is-talking-with-panasonic-corp-about-the-sale-of-nissan-s-car-bat.md) _Context: Reuters_
