### [2016-04-3](/news/2016/04/3/index.md)

#  Azerbaijan calls a unilateral ceasefire in its fight with ethnic Armenians one day after 30 soldiers died. The Associated Press reports rebel forces reject Azerbaijan's claims, saying they see no sign the government has stopped fighting. 

Azerbaijan announces a &quot;unilateral ceasefire&quot; in fighting with Armenian forces over the disputed Nagorno-Karabakh region, but its opponents say fighting continues.


### Source:

1. [AP](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/E/EU_AZERBAIJAN_ARMENIA?SITE=AP&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-35953916?ns_mchannel=social&ns_campaign=bbc_breaking&ns_source=twitter&ns_linkname=news_central)
3. [NPR](http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2016/04/03/472861335/azerbaijan-announces-unilateral-cease-fire-after-sudden-flare-up-of-violence)
3. [Cover Image](https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/cpsprodpb/BBFE/production/_89062184_89062183.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Armenia will recognize the independence of the breakaway Nagorno-Karabakh Republic from Azerbaijan if military actions there continue, according to Armenian President Serzh Sargsyan. Azerbaijan has resorted to an "unprecedented provocation along the entire perimeter of the contact line" with Nagorno-Karabakh, Sargsyan told a meeting with ambassadors from member states of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe, referring to the latest flare-up of the conflict. ](/news/2016/04/4/armenia-will-recognize-the-independence-of-the-breakaway-nagorno-karabakh-republic-from-azerbaijan-if-military-actions-there-continue-accor.md) _Context: 2016 Armenian-Azerbaijani clashes, Azerbaijan, Nagorno-Karabakh conflict_
2. [Clashes erupt between Nagorno-Karabakh separatists and Azerbaijani forces in the disputed Nagorno-Karabakh region. The Azerbaijan Ministry of Defense confirmed casualties on its side while the separatist forces claim to have no causalities. Both sides blame each other for the flareup in fighting. ](/news/2017/02/25/clashes-erupt-between-nagorno-karabakh-separatists-and-azerbaijani-forces-in-the-disputed-nagorno-karabakh-region-the-azerbaijan-ministry-o.md) _Context: Azerbaijan, Nagorno-Karabakh conflict_
3. [According to officials from the breakaway region of Nagorno-Karabakh, one of their soldiers was killed overnight by Azerbaijani troops. ](/news/2016/04/27/according-to-officials-from-the-breakaway-region-of-nagorno-karabakh-one-of-their-soldiers-was-killed-overnight-by-azerbaijani-troops.md) _Context: 2016 Armenian-Azerbaijani clashes, Azerbaijan_
4. [Armenia and Azerbaijan exchange gunfire for the third successive day after an escalation of a dispute over the boundaries between Azerbaijan and the disputed Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. ](/news/2016/04/2/armenia-and-azerbaijan-exchange-gunfire-for-the-third-successive-day-after-an-escalation-of-a-dispute-over-the-boundaries-between-azerbaijan.md) _Context: 2016 Armenian-Azerbaijani clashes, Azerbaijan_
5. [Azeri tanks on the front line shell military positions in the breakaway Nagorno-Karabakh Republic for the first time since a Russian-brokered ceasefire ended fighting in 1994. At least one Nagorno-Karabakh Defense Army soldier is killed. ](/news/2015/12/9/azeri-tanks-on-the-front-line-shell-military-positions-in-the-breakaway-nagorno-karabakh-republic-for-the-first-time-since-a-russian-brokere.md) _Context: Azerbaijan, Nagorno-Karabakh conflict_
6. [At least four Armenian soldiers are killed following an Azeri attack near the disputed Nagorno-Karabakh region. Yesterday, Azerbaijan shelled several ethnic Armenian villages, leaving three civilians dead. ](/news/2015/09/26/at-least-four-armenian-soldiers-are-killed-following-an-azeri-attack-near-the-disputed-nagorno-karabakh-region-yesterday-azerbaijan-shelle.md) _Context: Azerbaijan, Nagorno-Karabakh conflict_
7. [Four Azerbaijani soldiers are killed in fresh clashes with Armenian groups near the border of the breakaway Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. ](/news/2014/08/3/four-azerbaijani-soldiers-are-killed-in-fresh-clashes-with-armenian-groups-near-the-border-of-the-breakaway-nagorno-karabakh-republic.md) _Context: Azerbaijan, Nagorno-Karabakh conflict_
8. [Five more Azeri troops are killed in overnight fighting with ethnic Armenians in Nagorno-Karabakh. The casualties bring the death toll to at least 13 in a flare-up of violence over the last few days around Nagorno-Karabakh. Russia has said that any further escalation is unacceptable. ](/news/2014/08/2/five-more-azeri-troops-are-killed-in-overnight-fighting-with-ethnic-armenians-in-nagorno-karabakh-the-casualties-bring-the-death-toll-to-at.md) _Context: Azerbaijan, Nagorno-Karabakh conflict_
9. [At least eight Azeri soldiers are killed following clashes with Armenian troops on the border and near the disputed Nagorno-Karabakh region. Azerbaijan said Armenia had also suffered losses, although it did not provide any details. ](/news/2014/08/1/at-least-eight-azeri-soldiers-are-killed-following-clashes-with-armenian-troops-on-the-border-and-near-the-disputed-nagorno-karabakh-region.md) _Context: Azerbaijan, Nagorno-Karabakh conflict_
10. [The Trump White House bars "The New York Times", CNN, the "Los Angeles Times", the "New York Daily News", "The Hill", the "Daily Mail", BBC, Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as Breitbart News, One America News Network, and "The Washington Times". Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News, "The Wall Street Journal", Bloomberg News, and Fox News. "Time" magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-mail-bbc.md) _Context: Associated Press_
