### [2016-04-3](/news/2016/04/3/index.md)

# Czech Minister of the Interior Milan Chovanec says that authorities in Prague will send a group of 25 Iraqi Christians back to Iraq after they tried to move to Germany rather than staying in the Czech Republic. The refugees were on their way to Germany via bus before being stopped at the border. Czech authorities agreed to a request by the German police to take the people back. Chovanec said the 25 Iraqis abused Czech generosity and should go back to Iraq within seven days. 

ATHENS, Greece (AP) — An agreement between the European Union and Turkey to deport migrants currently on Greek islands back to the Turkish mainland is to take effect Monday morning, but the operation is threatened by a…


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/11a6fd5af80d4aa0abb631c6b95a0da9/deportation-migrants-greece-turkey-starts-monday)
2. [Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty](http://www.rferl.org/content/czech-iraqi-christians-crossed-into-germany/27651712.html)
2. [Cover Image](http://binaryapi.ap.org/e17c80f0512c448f8053b587a4c2579e/460x.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The president of the Czech Republic, Milos Zeman, marks the 26th anniversary of the Velvet Revolution by attending an anti-Islam rally in Prague with the "Bloc against Islam" group which supports the president. The rally is also attended by observers from the German protest movement, PEGIDA (Patriotic Europeans Against the Islamisation of the Occident) and Tommy Robinson, a prominent British anti-Islam activist. Zeman tells the crowd of several thousand that they aren't extremists for advocating closing the Republic's borders to Muslim migrants. ](/news/2015/11/17/the-president-of-the-czech-republic-miloa-zeman-marks-the-26th-anniversary-of-the-velvet-revolution-by-attending-an-anti-islam-rally-in-p.md) _Context: Czech Republic, Germany, Prague_
2. [Following Austria's and Germany's decision to waive their asylum system rules, approximately 6,500 migrants - mostly from Syria, Iraq, and Afghanistan - arrive in Vienna. They traveled from Hungary by bus, train or on foot. The migrants were given the opportunity to register in Austria or move on to Germany. ](/news/2015/09/5/following-austria-s-and-germany-s-decision-to-waive-their-asylum-system-rules-approximately-6-500-migrants-a-mostly-from-syria-iraq-and.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Germany, Iraq_
3. [Foreign ministers from Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia meet with officials from the European Union and Germany to discuss differences over migrant quotas. ](/news/2015/09/11/foreign-ministers-from-czech-republic-hungary-poland-and-slovakia-meet-with-officials-from-the-european-union-and-germany-to-discuss-diffe.md) _Context: Czech Republic, European migrant crisis, Germany_
4. [ U.S. President George W. Bush begins his tour of Europe in Prague before the G8 summit in Germany. During his visit, he intends to address the deployment of interceptor rockets, the establishment of radar bases in Poland and the Czech Republic, and the related tension that has arisen between the United States and Russia. ](/news/2007/06/5/u-s-president-george-w-bush-begins-his-tour-of-europe-in-prague-before-the-g8-summit-in-germany-during-his-visit-he-intends-to-address.md) _Context: Czech Republic, Germany, Prague_
5. [Germany announces plans to start deporting newly-arrived migrants to Greece starting in March. According to EU's Dublin Regulation, asylum seekers must file for asylum in the member state they arrived in. ](/news/2017/01/12/germany-announces-plans-to-start-deporting-newly-arrived-migrants-to-greece-starting-in-march-according-to-eu-s-dublin-regulation-asylum-s.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Germany_
6. [Czech police announce the arrest of a man at a Prague hotel two weeks ago who they claim is a Russian hacker suspected of targeting the U.S. ](/news/2016/10/19/czech-police-announce-the-arrest-of-a-man-at-a-prague-hotel-two-weeks-ago-who-they-claim-is-a-russian-hacker-suspected-of-targeting-the-u-s.md) _Context: Czech Republic, Prague_
7. [German Chancellor Angela Merkel defends her stance regarding the European migrant crisis despite her party losing in the key election. ](/news/2016/09/6/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-defends-her-stance-regarding-the-european-migrant-crisis-despite-her-party-losing-in-the-key-election.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Germany_
8. [Police in northern Greece move more than 400 Syrians and Iraqis by bus from a makeshift camp near the Macedonian border to a shelter near the northern city of Thessaloniki. More than 50,000 migrants remain stranded in Greece following European border closures, and the European Union's agreement with Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/13/police-in-northern-greece-move-more-than-400-syrians-and-iraqis-by-bus-from-a-makeshift-camp-near-the-macedonian-border-to-a-shelter-near-th.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Iraq_
9. [Police in Stuttgart, Germany, arrest at least 400 left-wing demonstrators after they attempted to stop a conference by the Alternative for Germany from being held. The protest grew violent when they began to throw stones and use fireworks against the police. ](/news/2016/04/30/police-in-stuttgart-germany-arrest-at-least-400-left-wing-demonstrators-after-they-attempted-to-stop-a-conference-by-the-alternative-for-g.md) _Context: Germany, Police_
10. [Austria plans to deploy soldiers on its border with Italy to stem an expected increase in migrants trying to get to northern Europe, according to Austrian Defence Minister Hans Peter Doskozil. "As the EU's external borders are not yet effectively protected, Austria will soon ramp up strict border controls. That means massive border controls on the Brenner Pass, and with soldiers," Doskozil told German daily newspaper "Die Welt". ](/news/2016/04/2/austria-plans-to-deploy-soldiers-on-its-border-with-italy-to-stem-an-expected-increase-in-migrants-trying-to-get-to-northern-europe-accordi.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Germany_
