### [2016-04-3](/news/2016/04/3/index.md)

# Moro attacks on Sabah. Moro Conflict. Four Sarawakian Malaysians are kidnapped off the coast of Sabah by suspected members of the Abu Sayyaf, a group linked to the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. 




### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/04/world/asia/malaysian-sailors-abducted-near-philippines-in-latest-act-of-piracy.html)

### Related:

1. [Moro conflict. Philippine officials report four Indonesian sailors were kidnapped last night off the Philippines' southernmost town of Sitangkai, Tawi-Tawi, near Malaysia's Sabah state. Seven gunmen in a blue speedboat attacked two Indonesian-flagged tugboats. Six other sailors, including one who was shot, were not taken by ISIL-linked Abu Sayyaf militants. ](/news/2016/04/16/moro-conflict-philippine-officials-report-four-indonesian-sailors-were-kidnapped-last-night-off-the-philippines-southernmost-town-of-sitan.md) _Context: Abu Sayyaf, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Moro conflict, Sabah_
2. [Moro conflict. Abu Sayyaf of the Philippines allegedly kidnap three Filipino fishermen from their trawler off the Malaysian state of Sabah on Borneo island. ](/news/2016/09/12/moro-conflict-abu-sayyaf-of-the-philippines-allegedly-kidnap-three-filipino-fishermen-from-their-trawler-off-the-malaysian-state-of-sabah-o.md) _Context: Abu Sayyaf, Moro conflict, Sabah_
3. [Moro conflict. Abu Sayyaf militants, who threatened to kill three foreigners kidnapped in September, 2015, from a "high-end" Philippine resort, unless they were paid 900 million pesos (17 mil Euros) by midnight today (15:00 UTC), have beheaded one of the hostages, Canadian John Ridsdel. Philippine President Benigno Aquino III had ordered an all-out effort to rescue the hostages, including a Philippine woman, kidnapped by the Daesh-linked group. ](/news/2016/04/25/moro-conflict-abu-sayyaf-militants-who-threatened-to-kill-three-foreigners-kidnapped-in-september-2015-from-a-high-end-philippine-reso.md) _Context: Abu Sayyaf, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Moro conflict_
4. [Moro conflict. Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak condemns the Philippine-based Abu Sayyaf's beheading of a Malaysian man. Businessman Bernard Then and a woman were kidnapped in May from the Malaysia-island Sabah; the woman was released last week. Philippine Colonel Restituto Padilla said the killing followed a "failure of the negotiations about money." ](/news/2015/11/18/moro-conflict-malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-condemns-the-philippine-based-abu-sayyaf-s-beheading-of-a-malaysian-man-businessman-ber.md) _Context: Abu Sayyaf, Moro conflict, Sabah_
5. [Marawi crisis. The Philippine military announces that it has discovered the bodies of 16 people, believed to have been killed by the ISIL affiliated Abu Sayyaf. Authorities say that the death toll after six days of fighting is 95, including 19 civilians. ](/news/2017/05/28/marawi-crisis-the-philippine-military-announces-that-it-has-discovered-the-bodies-of-16-people-believed-to-have-been-killed-by-the-isil-af.md) _Context: Abu Sayyaf, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [Moro conflict. The Abu Sayyaf militant group beheads their German hostage Jurgen Kantner in Indanan, Philippines. ](/news/2017/02/27/moro-conflict-the-abu-sayyaf-militant-group-beheads-their-german-hostage-jurgen-kantner-in-indanan-philippines.md) _Context: Abu Sayyaf, Moro conflict_
7. [Moro conflict. Three Filipino soldiers are killed and 17 others injured in fighting with Abu Sayyaf militants in the province of Sulu, Philippines. ](/news/2016/12/11/moro-conflict-three-filipino-soldiers-are-killed-and-17-others-injured-in-fighting-with-abu-sayyaf-militants-in-the-province-of-sulu-phili.md) _Context: Abu Sayyaf, Moro conflict_
8. [ Moro conflict. At least 14 are killed in clashes with suspected Abu Sayyaf militants in Sulu, Philippines. ](/news/2016/11/18/moro-conflict-at-least-14-are-killed-in-clashes-with-suspected-abu-sayyaf-militants-in-sulu-philippines.md) _Context: Abu Sayyaf, Moro conflict_
9. [Moro conflict. Six Vietnamese sailors are kidnapped by the Abu Sayyaf off the coast of the Philippines. ](/news/2016/11/12/moro-conflict-six-vietnamese-sailors-are-kidnapped-by-the-abu-sayyaf-off-the-coast-of-the-philippines.md) _Context: Abu Sayyaf, Moro conflict_
10. [Moro conflict. An explosion at a night market in Davao City, Philippines, kills at least 14 people and injures 60. President of the Philippines and former Davao City mayor Rodrigo Duterte was in the city at the time. Abu Sayyaf have claimed responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/09/2/moro-conflict-an-explosion-at-a-night-market-in-davao-city-philippines-kills-at-least-14-people-and-injures-60-president-of-the-philippi.md) _Context: Abu Sayyaf, Moro conflict_
