### [2016-04-3](/news/2016/04/3/index.md)

# The 2016 United States women's college basketball national championship will be decided when two former Big East Conference foes meet at Bankers Life Fieldhouse in Indianapolis at 8:30 p.m. EDT, Tuesday, April 5, 2016. Connecticut topped Oregon State 80-51, and Syracuse claimed an 80-59 win over Washington in Sunday's semifinals. Syracuse (30-7, 13-3 ACC) will be making its first appearance in the NCAA title game. UConn (37-0, 18-0 American), a 10-time national champion and defending champion for the fourth straight season, has won every title game it has played in. 

Breanna Stewart had a slow start and UConn lost Katie Lou Samuelson to injury. But it was business as usual for Morgan Tuck, who led the Huskies to the title game with 21 points.


### Source:

1. [ESPN](http://espn.go.com/womens-college-basketball/story/_/id/15127296/morgan-tuck-steps-leads-uconn-title-game)
2. [ESPN²](http://espn.go.com/womens-college-basketball/story/_/id/15128228/syracuse-orange-roll-national-championship-game)

### Related:

1. [ The field of 64 teams for the NCAA Tournament is announced. Unbeaten Connecticut is the top overall seed, with Baylor, Notre Dame, and South Carolina rounding out the #1 seeds.](/news/2016/03/14/the-field-of-64-teams-for-the-ncaa-tournament-is-announced-unbeaten-connecticut-is-the-top-overall-seed-with-baylor-notre-dame-and-sout.md) _Context: 2016 NCAA Women's Division I Basketball Tournament, Connecticut_
2. [The football-sponsoring conference that will operate under the charter of the soon-to-split Big East Conference announces it will operate as the American Athletic Conference effective July 1. The AAC schools previously sold the "Big East" name to a group of seven schools that will leave the conference at that time. ](/news/2013/04/3/the-football-sponsoring-conference-that-will-operate-under-the-charter-of-the-soon-to-split-big-east-conference-announces-it-will-operate-as.md) _Context: American, Big East Conference_
3. [In the U.S. men's national college basketball tournament semifinals in Houston's NRG Stadium, the Villanova Wildcats thrash the Oklahoma Sooners 95-51, the most lopsided result in men's Final Four history; and in a battle between Atlantic Coast Conference members, the North Carolina Tar Heels defeat the Syracuse Orange 83-66. The title game on April 4 pits the Wildcats, 1985 champions, and the five-time champion Tar Heels. ](/news/2016/04/2/in-the-u-s-men-s-national-college-basketball-tournament-semifinals-in-houston-s-nrg-stadium-the-villanova-wildcats-thrash-the-oklahoma-soo.md) _Context: ACC_
4. [The American Civil Liberties Union of Indiana sues Indiana Governor Mike Pence over his decision to block Syrian refugees from resettling in the state. The ACLU, on behalf of Indianapolis-based nonprofit Exodus Refugee Immigration, accuses Pence of violating the Equal Protection Clause of the Constitution by accepting refugees from other countries but not those from Syria.  ](/news/2015/11/24/the-american-civil-liberties-union-of-indiana-sues-indiana-governor-mike-pence-over-his-decision-to-block-syrian-refugees-from-resettling-in.md) _Context: Indianapolis_
5. [Former Subway pitchman Jared Fogle reaches a plea deal with U.S. federal prosecutors in Indianapolis. Fogle will plead guilty to possessing and distributing child pornography and traveling across state lines to have sex with at least two teenage girls. Under the deal, he will serve from 5 to 121/2 years in prison, and will also pay $1.4 million in restitution to 14 victims. ](/news/2015/08/20/former-subway-pitchman-jared-fogle-reaches-a-plea-deal-with-u-s-federal-prosecutors-in-indianapolis-fogle-will-plead-guilty-to-possessing.md) _Context: Indianapolis_
6. [2013 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament:University of Louisville basketball player Kevin Ware breaks his right leg during a game at Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis, Indiana. He was taken to Methodist Hospital of Indianapolis. ](/news/2013/03/31/2013-ncaa-men-s-division-i-basketball-tournament-puniversity-of-louisville-basketball-player-kevin-ware-breaks-his-right-leg-during-a-game-a.md) _Context: Indianapolis_
7. [ESPN reports that the seven Catholic schools that have announced plans to leave the Big East Conference will do so in July 2013, and will keep the "Big East" name. Butler University and Xavier University will reportedly leave the Atlantic 10 Conference to join the new Big East, and Creighton University may leave the Missouri Valley Conference to join as well. ](/news/2013/02/28/espn-reports-that-the-seven-catholic-schools-that-have-announced-plans-to-leave-the-big-east-conference-will-do-so-in-july-2013-and-will-ke.md) _Context: Big East Conference_
8. [Indianapolis and Indiana state homeland security and police authorities now say that the $4.4 million explosion in Richmond Hill neighborhood may not be due to gas or a faulty furnace, but may somehow have been an intentional criminal homicide; they are seeking a white van that was seen in that subdivision the day of the blast with a $10,000 reward. ](/news/2012/11/19/indianapolis-and-indiana-state-homeland-security-and-police-authorities-now-say-that-the-4-4-million-explosion-in-richmond-hill-neighborhoo.md) _Context: Indianapolis_
9. [Super Bowl XLVI:In American football, Super Bowl XLVI is played in Indianapolis with the New York Giants defeating the New England Patriots 21-17. ](/news/2012/02/5/super-bowl-xlvi-pin-american-football-super-bowl-xlvi-is-played-in-indianapolis-with-the-new-york-giants-defeating-the-new-england-patriots.md) _Context: Indianapolis_
10. [ Three members of Manchester rock band Oasis have been injured in a head-on car crash in Indianapolis while on tour in the U.S. None were seriously injured.](/news/2002/08/7/three-members-of-manchester-rock-band-oasis-have-been-injured-in-a-head-on-car-crash-in-indianapolis-while-on-tour-in-the-u-s-none-were-se.md) _Context: Indianapolis_
