### [2016-04-3](/news/2016/04/3/index.md)

# Thousands of people attended a pro-choice rally outside Parliament of Poland in Warsaw after Jaroslaw Kaczynski, the leader of the ruling Law and Justice party, backed a call by Polish Catholic bishops for a full ban on abortion. 

News - Your daily dose of information: European and International latest breaking news, economic news, business news and more. Stay up to date with Euronews.


### Source:

1. [Euronews via Reuters](http://www.euronews.com/newswires/3175302-thousands-attend-rally-in-warsaw-against-proposed-abortion-ban/)

### Related:

1. [Crowds blocked all Polish parliament exits protesting the Polish ruling Law and Justice Party's allegedly illegal 2017 budget that  was approved in a vote outside of the assembly's main chamber. Earlier, the opposition Civic Platform Party stopped parliamentary proceedings on the budget because of new rules on media access. Police have beaten several protesters. According to opposition Civic Platform MP Agnieszka Pomaska, ruling party Law and Justice leader Jaroslaw Kaczynski snatched her phone. ](/news/2016/12/16/crowds-blocked-all-polish-parliament-exits-protesting-the-polish-ruling-law-and-justice-party-s-allegedly-illegal-2017-budget-that-was-appr.md) _Context: Jaroslaw Kaczynski, Law and Justice Party, Poland's parliament_
2. [Polish President Andrzej Duda announces he will veto two judicial reform bills   passed by Poland's parliament, which the European Commission said would result in sanctions, and  which have generated continuous demonstrations across the country.   The ruling Law and Justice Party needs to put together a three-fifths majority to override the veto. ](/news/2017/07/24/polish-president-andrzej-duda-announces-he-will-veto-two-judicial-reform-bills-passed-by-poland-s-parliament-which-the-european-commissio.md) _Context: Law and Justice Party, Poland's parliament_
3. [Poland protests: Thousands march against the Law and Justice (PiS) party  in Warsaw, with an estimated 50,000, and other cities protesting   President Andrzej Duda and the country's new conservative government  appointing new Constitutional Tribunal judges who are loyal to the PiS. ](/news/2015/12/12/poland-protests-thousands-march-against-the-law-and-justice-pis-party-in-warsaw-with-an-estimated-50-000-and-other-cities-protesting.md) _Context: Law and Justice Party, Warsaw_
4. [Official results show Poland's conservative Law and Justice (PiS) party, led by eurosceptic Jaroslaw Kaczynski and the new PM Beata Szydlo, won more seats than any other party in today's general elections. Kaczynski is the twin brother of the late President Lech Kaczynski, who died in a 2010 jet crash. Prime Minister Ewa Kopacz has conceded defeat. ](/news/2015/10/25/official-results-show-poland-s-conservative-law-and-justice-pis-party-led-by-eurosceptic-jarosaaw-kaczyaski-and-the-new-pm-beata-szyda.md) _Context: Jaroslaw Kaczynski, Law and Justice Party_
5. [The Polish presidential election is being held earlier, following the death of Polish President Lech Kaczynski in a plane crash on 10 April 2010 near Smolensk. The two front-runners are Bronislaw Komorowski from the ruling center-right Civic Platform (Platforma Obywatelska) party and Jaroslaw Kaczynski from the right-wing Law and Justice (Prawo i Sprawiedliwosc) party. ](/news/2010/06/18/the-polish-presidential-election-is-being-held-earlier-following-the-death-of-polish-president-lech-kaczyaski-in-a-plane-crash-on-10-april.md) _Context: Jaroslaw Kaczynski, Law and Justice Party_
6. [ Polish Prime Minister Kazimierz Marcinkiewicz has resigned. His party Law and Justice has recommended the post be taken over by its chairman Jaroslaw Kaczynski, who is the identical twin brother of President Lech Kaczynski. ](/news/2006/07/7/polish-prime-minister-kazimierz-marcinkiewicz-has-resigned-his-party-law-and-justice-has-recommended-the-post-be-taken-over-by-its-chairma.md) _Context: Jaroslaw Kaczynski, Law and Justice Party_
7. [U.S. President Donald Trump visits Warsaw, where he speaks of defeating radical Islamist terrorism, pledges to uphold the North Atlantic Treaty, and urges Russia to "join the community of responsible nations." ](/news/2017/07/6/u-s-president-donald-trump-visits-warsaw-where-he-speaks-of-defeating-radical-islamist-terrorism-pledges-to-uphold-the-north-atlantic-tre.md) _Context: Warsaw_
8. [Polish Prime Minister Beata Szydlo is injured in a car crash in her hometown, Oswiecim, Poland. Mrs. Szydlo is in good condition in a Warsaw hospital. ](/news/2017/02/10/polish-prime-minister-beata-szydao-is-injured-in-a-car-crash-in-her-hometown-oawiacim-poland-mrs-szydao-is-in-good-condition-in-a-wa.md) _Context: Warsaw_
9. [Polish protesters block the parliament in order to prevent the possibility of legalizing restrictions on press freedom. ](/news/2016/12/19/polish-protesters-block-the-parliament-in-order-to-prevent-the-possibility-of-legalizing-restrictions-on-press-freedom.md) _Context: Poland's parliament_
10. [NATO members in Warsaw, Poland, agree to extend their mission in Afghanistan into 2017 and announced that they will continue to fund the Afghan Armed Forces to 2020. ](/news/2016/07/9/nato-members-in-warsaw-poland-agree-to-extend-their-mission-in-afghanistan-into-2017-and-announced-that-they-will-continue-to-fund-the-afg.md) _Context: Warsaw_
