### [2016-04-3](/news/2016/04/3/index.md)

# Two people are killed and 35 injured when a United States Amtrak passenger train on the Palmetto route traveling from New York City to Savannah, Georgia, with 341 passengers and seven crew on board, derails in Chester, Pennsylvania, after striking a backhoe that was on the track. Local media reports the deceased are veteran Amtrak workers. Area hospitals are treating the injured; none in life-threatening condition. 

An Amtrak train struck a piece of construction equipment just south of Philadelphia Sunday morning, leaving two Amtrak employees dead and nearly three dozen passengers hurt as the lead engine derailed as...


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-35954116)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/04/03/us/philadelphia-amtrak-derailment/)
3. [NBC Philadelphia](http://www.nbcphiladelphia.com/news/breaking/Chester-Train-Tracks-Crash-Equipment-374406561.html)
4. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-amtrak-idUSKCN0X00K0)

### Related:

1. [In the United States, 14 of 175 cars of a CSX freight train derail in northeastern Washington, D.C., near a city subway station. There were three leaks; one, sodium hydroxide, is a hazardous material.  All leaks, and a nearby gas line that was ruptured, are contained. Officials are unable to say when cleanup will be completed nor when train service will be restored. There were no injuries reported, and there was no residential evacuation. Amtrak and a Baltimore-Washington commuter rail service also use the line.  ](/news/2016/05/1/in-the-united-states-14-of-175-cars-of-a-csx-freight-train-derail-in-northeastern-washington-d-c-near-a-city-subway-station-there-were.md) _Context: Amtrak, United States_
2. [A group of United States mayors forms ''"Mayors Against Discrimination"'' in the wake of  recent discriminatory laws enacted  in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminatory-laws-enacted-in-north-carol.md) _Context: New York's, United States_
3. [A group of mayors and officials from American cities such as Philadelphia and New York City say that if they had their way Donald Trump would be banned from their cities for his comments on Muslims. ](/news/2015/12/9/a-group-of-mayors-and-officials-from-american-cities-such-as-philadelphia-and-new-york-city-say-that-if-they-had-their-way-donald-trump-woul.md) _Context: New York's, United States_
4. [United States federal prosecutors in New York City arrest Martin Shkreli on securities fraud charges for allegedly plundering for personal gain Retrophin, a biopharmaceutical company he ran as CEO from 2012 to 2014. ](/news/2015/12/17/united-states-federal-prosecutors-in-new-york-city-arrest-martin-shkreli-on-securities-fraud-charges-for-allegedly-plundering-for-personal-g.md) _Context: New York's, United States_
5. [Two nephews of  Venezuelan First Lady Cilia Flores, who were arrested in Haiti by U.S. authorities on Tuesday, are indicted in New York for conspiring to smuggle cocaine into the United States. ](/news/2015/11/12/two-nephews-of-venezuelan-first-lady-cilia-flores-who-were-arrested-in-haiti-by-u-s-authorities-on-tuesday-are-indicted-in-new-york-for.md) _Context: New York's, United States_
6. [Amtrak resumes train services between New York City and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, following a fatal train derailment on May 12. ](/news/2015/05/18/amtrak-resumes-train-services-between-new-york-city-and-philadelphia-pennsylvania-following-a-fatal-train-derailment-on-may-12.md) _Context: Amtrak, New York's_
7. [A Carolinian Amtrak passenger train (running north from Charlotte, North Carolina, to New York City) hits a tractor-trailer in Halifax, North Carolina resulting in two cars of the train derailing with several people receiving minor injuries. ](/news/2015/03/9/a-carolinian-amtrak-passenger-train-running-north-from-charlotte-north-carolina-to-new-york-city-hits-a-tractor-trailer-in-halifax-nort.md) _Context: Amtrak, New York's_
8. [At a court in New York City, a US District Judge sentences the radical imam Abu Hamza al-Masri to a life sentence for terrorism offences in the United States. ](/news/2015/01/9/at-a-court-in-new-york-city-a-us-district-judge-sentences-the-radical-imam-abu-hamza-al-masri-to-a-life-sentence-for-terrorism-offences-in.md) _Context: New York's, United States_
9. [Dr. Craig Spencer, a Doctors Without Borders volunteer, was declared free of the Ebola virus and released from a New York City hospital. His was the last Ebola case being treated in the United States. ](/news/2014/11/11/dr-craig-spencer-a-doctors-without-borders-volunteer-was-declared-free-of-the-ebola-virus-and-released-from-a-new-york-city-hospital-his.md) _Context: New York's, United States_
10. [India orders diplomatic repercussions against the United States over the arrest and alleged maltreatment of the consul Devyani Khobragade in New York City. ](/news/2013/12/17/india-orders-diplomatic-repercussions-against-the-united-states-over-the-arrest-and-alleged-maltreatment-of-the-consul-devyani-khobragade-in.md) _Context: New York's, United States_
