### [2016-04-3](/news/2016/04/3/index.md)

# Yemeni President Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi sacks Prime Minister and Vice President of Yemen Khaled Mahfoudh Bahah. Hadi named top general Ali Mohsen al-Ahmar as his new Vice President and appointed Ahmed Obeid bin Daghr, a former official in Saleh's General People's Congress as the new Prime Minister. 

Yemeni President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi appointed a new vice-president and prime minister on Sunday, pro-Hadi state media reported, sacking prime minister Khaled Bahah in a major shake-up ahead of peace talks later this month.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-yemen-security-idUSKCN0X00UC)

### Related:

1. [Yemeni Prime Minister Khaled Bahah rejects a cabinet reshuffle ordered by President Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, another sign of the deepening rift between the two leaders. These problems started in March after the president appointed the minister of health as acting foreign minister without consulting the prime minister. ](/news/2015/12/2/yemeni-prime-minister-khaled-bahah-rejects-a-cabinet-reshuffle-ordered-by-president-abd-rabbuh-mansur-hadi-another-sign-of-the-deepening-ri.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Prime Minister, Yemeni President_
2. [ Yemeni civil war (2015-present). At least 69 people are killed and 25 injured in fighting between the Houthis and government forces loyal to Yemeni President Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi. ](/news/2016/05/29/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-at-least-69-people-are-killed-and-25-injured-in-fighting-between-the-houthis-and-government-forces-loyal.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Yemeni President_
3. [Yemeni Civil War (2015). Pro-Hadi government forces backed by Arab coalition air and naval forces, seize control of the Hanish Islands off the coast of Yemen, near the strategic Bab-el-Mandeb strait from troops loyal to former president Ali Abdullah Saleh. The islands have been subject to heavy shelling by coalition forces for weeks according to local fishermen. ](/news/2015/12/10/yemeni-civil-war-2015-pro-hadi-government-forces-backed-by-arab-coalition-air-and-naval-forces-seize-control-of-the-hanish-islands-off-t.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Saleh_
4. [Yemeni Civil War (2015). A hotel where Vice President of Yemen and Prime Minister Khaled Bahah was staying in Aden which was also being used as a de facto military base by Arab coalition forces is hit by multiple explosions killing at least 15 coalition soldiers. Although the Houthis were first suspected and accused of being behind the attack, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant has since claimed responsibility, marking the first attack on Arab coalition forces in Yemen by the extremist group. ](/news/2015/10/6/yemeni-civil-war-2015-a-hotel-where-vice-president-of-yemen-and-prime-minister-khaled-bahah-was-staying-in-aden-which-was-also-being-used.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Vice President of Yemen_
5. [Yemeni Civil War (2015). At least 50 people are killed, including seven civilians, in heavy fighting between Houthi rebels and forces loyal to ousted President Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi near the city of Taiz. ](/news/2015/10/26/yemeni-civil-war-2015-at-least-50-people-are-killed-including-seven-civilians-in-heavy-fighting-between-houthi-rebels-and-forces-loyal.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Yemeni President_
6. [Yemeni Crisis (2011-present). Members of exiled President of Yemen Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi's Cabinet tour the southern city of Aden for the first time in several months. ](/news/2015/07/16/yemeni-crisis-2011-present-members-of-exiled-president-of-yemen-abd-rabbuh-mansur-hadi-s-cabinet-tour-the-southern-city-of-aden-for-the.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Yemeni President_
7. [Yemeni Crisis (2011-present). Loyalists of exiled President Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi capture Aden International Airport after four months of being under Houthi control. ](/news/2015/07/15/yemeni-crisis-2011-present-loyalists-of-exiled-president-abd-rabbuh-mansur-hadi-capture-aden-international-airport-after-four-months-of.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Yemeni President_
8. [Yemeni Civil War. Saudi-led airstrikes target the Sana'a home of former President of Yemen Ali Abdullah Saleh. ](/news/2015/05/10/yemeni-civil-war-saudi-led-airstrikes-target-the-sana-a-home-of-former-president-of-yemen-ali-abdullah-saleh.md) _Context: Saleh, Yemeni President_
9. [Yemeni Crisis (2011-present). Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi withdraws his resignation as President of Yemen after escaping from the custody of the Houthis. ](/news/2015/02/24/yemeni-crisis-2011-present-abd-rabbuh-mansur-hadi-withdraws-his-resignation-as-president-of-yemen-after-escaping-from-the-custody-of-th.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Yemeni President_
10. [The airport at the Yemeni capital Sana'a is closed after forces loyal to General Mohammed Saleh al-Ahmar, the former Chief of the Air Force and half-brother of former President Ali Abdullah Saleh, threaten to attack aircraft. ](/news/2012/04/7/the-airport-at-the-yemeni-capital-sana-a-is-closed-after-forces-loyal-to-general-mohammed-saleh-al-ahmar-the-former-chief-of-the-air-force.md) _Context: Saleh, Yemeni President_
