### [2006-01-23](/news/2006/01/23/index.md)

#  In the ongoing dispute between the United States and Venezuela, the US has tried to veto a sale of Embraer airplanes to Venezuela. Brazilian foreign minister Celso Amorim branded the US attempted veto as "indefensible nonsense". The US recently failed to block a large sale of Spanish military equipment to Venezuela. [http://english.eluniversal.com/2006/01/23/en_eco_art_23A659543.shtml (El Universal)], [http://www.spainherald.com/2006-01-18news.html (Spain Herald)].




### Related:

1. [A twin-engine Embraer 821 plane crashes in the Brazilian state of Para, killing all nine passengers and the pilot. ](/news/2013/03/13/a-twin-engine-embraer-821-plane-crashes-in-the-brazilian-state-of-para-killing-all-nine-passengers-and-the-pilot.md) _Context: Brazil, Embraer_
2. [Nelson Jobim resigns as the Minister of Defence in Brazil after making critical remarks about the government of President Dilma Rousseff and fellow Ministers - he is replaced by Celso Amorim. ](/news/2011/08/4/nelson-jobim-resigns-as-the-minister-of-defence-in-brazil-after-making-critical-remarks-about-the-government-of-president-dilma-rousseff-and.md) _Context: Brazil, Celso Amorim_
3. [ The Brazilian Senate condemns Venezuelan President Hugo Chvez for his restrictions on the press, further delaying its Mercosur bid. ](/news/2009/09/4/the-brazilian-senate-condemns-venezuelan-president-hugo-chavez-for-his-restrictions-on-the-press-further-delaying-its-mercosur-bid.md) _Context: Brazil, Venezuela_
4. [ Argentina, Brazil and Bolivia express concerns whilst Peru supports a planned accord by Colombian President Alvaro Uribe to allow United States troops to use several bases. Venezuela announces trade measures against Colombia. ](/news/2009/08/6/argentina-brazil-and-bolivia-express-concerns-whilst-peru-supports-a-planned-accord-by-colombian-president-alvaro-uribe-to-allow-united-s.md) _Context: Brazil, Venezuela_
5. [ Twenty-four people are confirmed dead in the crash of an Embraer 110P1 air taxi in Amazonas, Brazil. ](/news/2009/02/8/twenty-four-people-are-confirmed-dead-in-the-crash-of-an-embraer-110p1-air-taxi-in-amazonas-brazil.md) _Context: Brazil, Embraer_
6. [ An Embraer EMB-110P1 air taxi carrying 20 people crashes in Amazonas, Brazil. ](/news/2009/02/7/an-embraer-emb-110p1-air-taxi-carrying-20-people-crashes-in-amazonas-brazil.md) _Context: Brazil, Embraer_
7. [ The leaders of Brazil, Venezuela, Colombia and Spain meet in Ciudad Guayana, Venezuela. They agree to resist drug trafficking, terrorism and poverty. ](/news/2005/03/29/the-leaders-of-brazil-venezuela-colombia-and-spain-meet-in-ciudad-guayana-venezuela-they-agree-to-resist-drug-trafficking-terrorism-an.md) _Context: Brazil, Venezuela_
8. [ Brazil offers to mediate between Colombia and Venezuela in a disagreement about the capture of Rodrigo Granda. ](/news/2005/01/20/brazil-offers-to-mediate-between-colombia-and-venezuela-in-a-disagreement-about-the-capture-of-rodrigo-granda.md) _Context: Brazil, Venezuela_
9. [Marking the 50th consecutive day of protests, hundreds of thousands demonstrate throughout Venezuela against President Nicolas Maduro, with civil unrest growing despite the increasing number of casualties. ](/news/2017/05/20/marking-the-50th-consecutive-day-of-protests-hundreds-of-thousands-demonstrate-throughout-venezuela-against-president-nicola-s-maduro-with.md) _Context: Venezuela_
10. [The Brazilian Supreme Federal Court releases a plea bargain testimony from JBS S.A., revealing that the company paid 500 million reais in bribes to politicians, including current President Michel Temer and his predecessors Dilma and Lula. ](/news/2017/05/19/the-brazilian-supreme-federal-court-releases-a-plea-bargain-testimony-from-jbs-s-a-revealing-that-the-company-paid-500-million-reais-in-br.md) _Context: Brazil_
