### [2006-01-23](/news/2006/01/23/index.md)

#  In the Canadian federal election, the Conservatives win a plurality of seats in the House of Commons to form a minority government. Stephen Harper is to become the next Prime Minister. 




### Source:

1. [Globe and Mail](http://www.theglobeandmail.com/servlet/story/RTGAM.20060123.welmain0123_3/BNStory/specialDecision2006/)

### Related:

1. [The minority of the Conservative Party of Canada led by Prime Minister Stephen Harper is defeated in a no confidence motion in the House of Commons with an election to be held in early May. ](/news/2011/03/25/the-minority-of-the-conservative-party-of-canada-led-by-prime-minister-stephen-harper-is-defeated-in-a-no-confidence-motion-in-the-house-of.md) _Context: Canadian House of Commons, Canadian Prime Minister, Conservative Party's, Stephen Harper, minority government_
2. [ Canadian federal election, 2006: Opposition leader Stephen Harper introduces a motion of no confidence in the Canadian House of Commons.  With the support of all opposition parties, it is expected to pass on Monday, toppling Prime Minister Paul Martin's minority Liberals and forcing a campaign spanning the holiday season. ](/news/2005/11/24/canadian-federal-election-2006-opposition-leader-stephen-harper-introduces-a-motion-of-no-confidence-in-the-canadian-house-of-commons-w.md) _Context: Canadian House of Commons, Canadian Prime Minister, Canadian federal election, 2006, Stephen Harper, minority government_
3. [The minority government led by Prime Minister Stephen Harper is reprimanded by the Canadian House of Commons for failing to produce documents but avoids a no confidence motion. ](/news/2011/03/9/the-minority-government-led-by-prime-minister-stephen-harper-is-reprimanded-by-the-canadian-house-of-commons-for-failing-to-produce-document.md) _Context: Canadian House of Commons, Canadian Prime Minister, Stephen Harper_
4. [ In Canada's 40th general election, the ruling Conservative Party gains 19 seats and wins another minority government.  Stephen Harper is re-elected as Prime Minister. ](/news/2008/10/14/in-canada-s-40th-general-election-the-ruling-conservative-party-gains-19-seats-and-wins-another-minority-government-stephen-harper-is-re.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Conservative Party's, Stephen Harper_
5. [ Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper and the Canadian House of Commons endorse a motion to declare that the Qubcois form a nation within a unified Canada. ](/news/2006/11/27/canadian-prime-minister-stephen-harper-and-the-canadian-house-of-commons-endorse-a-motion-to-declare-that-the-quebecois-form-a-nation-withi.md) _Context: Canadian House of Commons, Canadian Prime Minister, Stephen Harper_
6. [ As Stephen Harper is sworn in as Canada's 22nd Prime Minister, David Emerson crosses the floor from the Liberal Party to join Harper's Conservative Party, and is appointed as Minister of International Trade. Harper also appointed Michael Fortier, an unelected party supporter, to minister of public works and government services and to the senate. ](/news/2006/02/6/as-stephen-harper-is-sworn-in-as-canada-s-22nd-prime-minister-david-emerson-crosses-the-floor-from-the-liberal-party-to-join-harper-s-cons.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Conservative Party's, Stephen Harper_
7. [ Canadian federal election, 2006: Prime Minister Paul Martin's minority government is defeated in a confidence motion by a vote of 171 - 133. The Prime Minister announces he will request a dissolution of parliament from the Governor General tomorrow. ](/news/2005/11/28/canadian-federal-election-2006-prime-minister-paul-martin-s-minority-government-is-defeated-in-a-confidence-motion-by-a-vote-of-171-133.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Canadian federal election, 2006, minority government_
8. [The Liberal Party of Canada announces it will introduce a motion to the Canadian House of Commons that calls on MPs to support a committee report finding the Conservative government in contempt of Parliament. The finding was in response to the government allegedly not supplying sufficient information on costs of crime bills, purchasing F-35 fighter jets for the Canadian Forces, and corporate tax cuts. ](/news/2011/03/23/the-liberal-party-of-canada-announces-it-will-introduce-a-motion-to-the-canadian-house-of-commons-that-calls-on-mps-to-support-a-committee-r.md) _Context: Canadian House of Commons, Conservative Party's_
9. [A Canadian House of Commons committee tables a report recommending that the Conservative government of Stephen Harper be found in contempt of parliament. ](/news/2011/03/21/a-canadian-house-of-commons-committee-tables-a-report-recommending-that-the-conservative-government-of-stephen-harper-be-found-in-contempt-o.md) _Context: Conservative Party's, Stephen Harper_
10. [The Canadian Federal Court of Appeal rules against the Conservative Party of Canada on ad spending prior to the Canadian federal election, 2006, while the Harper government reaches 43% support and announces cuts to the budget. ](/news/2011/03/1/the-canadian-federal-court-of-appeal-rules-against-the-conservative-party-of-canada-on-ad-spending-prior-to-the-canadian-federal-election-2.md) _Context: Canadian federal election, 2006, Conservative Party's_
