### [2006-01-23](/news/2006/01/23/index.md)

#  The U.S. Supreme Court rejects an appeal from Research In Motion Ltd. which had asked it to reverse a lower-court ruling that found its BlackBerry wireless email device in violation of patents held by NTP, Inc., a Virginia patent-holding firm. The case now moves to a federal district court in Virginia, which will decide whether to reinstate an injunction against the U.S. sale of the popular BlackBerrys. 




### Source:

1. [MarketWatch](http://www.marketwatch.com/news/newsfinder/pulseone.asp?siteid=mktw&guid=%7B68972106-82C3-4B44-BCB3-71F3DEC33BD1%7D&)

### Related:

1. [ Research In Motion, a Waterloo, Ontario, Canadian based company, agrees to pay NTP Inc. $612.5 million to settle NTP's patent-infringement suit against RIM. NTP had argued RIM's BlackBerry wireless-communication devices use technology patented by NTP. ](/news/2006/03/3/research-in-motion-a-waterloo-ontario-canadian-based-company-agrees-to-pay-ntp-inc-612-5-million-to-settle-ntp-s-patent-infringement.md) _Context: BlackBerry, NTP Inc., Research in Motion_
2. [The stock price of Research in Motion, the maker of BlackBerry smart phones, falls after the release of disappointing quarterly numbers and news of the delay of expected product upgrades. ](/news/2011/12/16/the-stock-price-of-research-in-motion-the-maker-of-blackberry-smart-phones-falls-after-the-release-of-disappointing-quarterly-numbers-and.md) _Context: BlackBerry, Research in Motion_
3. [Jaguar Financial Corp. claims that it has the support of 8% of the shareholders of Research in Motion in its campaign for corporate-governance changes at the Canada-based manufacturer of the BlackBerry. ](/news/2011/10/11/jaguar-financial-corp-claims-that-it-has-the-support-of-8-of-the-shareholders-of-research-in-motion-in-its-campaign-for-corporate-governan.md) _Context: BlackBerry, Research in Motion_
4. [The marketing chief at Research in Motion, the Canadian company best known for the BlackBerry smart phone, is leaving. This surprise announcement concerning Keith Pardy may have an impact on the launch of a new product, the PlayBook tablet. ](/news/2011/03/4/the-marketing-chief-at-research-in-motion-the-canadian-company-best-known-for-the-blackberry-smart-phone-is-leaving-this-surprise-announc.md) _Context: BlackBerry, Research in Motion_
5. [The U.S. International Trade Commission rules against Kodak's contention that Apple's iPhone and Research in Motion's BlackBerry violate Kodak's intellectual property rights. ](/news/2011/01/24/the-u-s-international-trade-commission-rules-against-kodak-s-contention-that-apple-s-iphone-and-research-in-motion-s-blackberry-violate-kod.md) _Context: BlackBerry, Research in Motion_
6. [Saudi Arabia delays shutting off Research in Motion's BlackBerry instant messaging system allowing for test of a system allowing the Government of Saudi Arabia to monitor user data. ](/news/2010/08/8/saudi-arabia-delays-shutting-off-research-in-motion-s-blackberry-instant-messaging-system-allowing-for-test-of-a-system-allowing-the-governm.md) _Context: BlackBerry, Research in Motion_
7. [Saudi Arabia announces it is to commence a ban on the "messenger function" on BlackBerry handsets from Friday due to security concerns over the Research In Motion (RIM) technological device. ](/news/2010/08/3/saudi-arabia-announces-it-is-to-commence-a-ban-on-the-messenger-function-on-blackberry-handsets-from-friday-due-to-security-concerns-over.md) _Context: BlackBerry, Research in Motion_
8. [Neil Gorsuch is confirmed as the 113th justice of the Supreme Court of the United States by a 54-45 vote in the United States Senate after invocation of the "nuclear option". ](/news/2017/04/7/neil-gorsuch-is-confirmed-as-the-113th-justice-of-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-by-a-54a45-vote-in-the-united-states-senate-after.md) _Context: Supreme Court of the United States_
9. [The Supreme Court of the United States refuses to vacate a stay of execution issued by the Arkansas Supreme Court. Arkansas's highest court has also put on hold the execution of another inmate, Bruce Ward. The state had planned to execute eight inmates in eleven days. That schedule, as well as the use of the drug midazolam, sparked a broad range of legal challenges and humanitarian concerns about the executions. Today's planned execution of Don W. Davis would have been the state's first since 2005. ](/news/2017/04/18/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-refuses-to-vacate-a-stay-of-execution-issued-by-the-arkansas-supreme-court-arkansas-s-highest-court.md) _Context: Supreme Court of the United States_
10. [U.S. President Donald Trump's lawyers tell a federal court, in a case alleging negligence and incitement to riot during a 2016 campaign rally in Louisville, Kentucky, that he is "immune from suit because he is President of the United States." A lawyer for the plaintiffs responds that, in ''Clinton v. Jones'', the Supreme Court found the president could be sued for events that occurred before he took office. ](/news/2017/04/15/u-s-president-donald-trump-s-lawyers-tell-a-federal-court-in-a-case-alleging-negligence-and-incitement-to-riot-during-a-2016-campaign-rall.md) _Context: Supreme Court of the United States_
