### [2009-03-25](/news/2009/03/25/index.md)

#  North Korea prepares a Taepodong-2 ballistic missile for a launch between April 4 and 8. 




### Source:

1. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/skynews/Home/World-News/North-Korea-Places-Long-Range-Missile-On-Launch-Pad-Despite-Warnings-From-The-US---Reports/Article/200903415249082?lpos=World_News_Top_Stories_Header_0&lid=ARTICLE_15249082_North_Korea_Places_Long-Range_Missile_On_Launch_Pad_Despite_Warnings_From_The_US_-_Reports)

### Related:

1. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. The United States Defense Department reports its Strategic Command systems detected a failed North Korean ballistic missile launch near the city of Kusong in North Pyongan Province. ](/news/2016/10/15/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-the-united-states-defense-department-reports-its-strategic-command-systems-detected-a-failed-no.md) _Context: North Korea, ballistic missile_
2. [North Korea-South Korea relations. South Korea reports that North Korea has fired three ballistic missiles into the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2016/09/5/north-korea-south-korea-relations-south-korea-reports-that-north-korea-has-fired-three-ballistic-missiles-into-the-sea-of-japan.md) _Context: North Korea, ballistic missile_
3. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea launches two ballistic missiles, one of which explodes immediately after its launch while the main part of the other lands in Japan's economic exclusion zone. ](/news/2016/08/3/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-launches-two-ballistic-missiles-one-of-which-explodes-immediately-after-its-launch.md) _Context: North Korea, ballistic missile_
4. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. South Korea claims that North Korea has fired a ballistic missile from a submarine. ](/news/2016/07/9/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-south-korea-claims-that-north-korea-has-fired-a-ballistic-missile-from-a-submarine.md) _Context: North Korea, ballistic missile_
5. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. South Korea has determined North Korea is capable of mounting a nuclear warhead on its medium-range Rodong-1 ballistic missile, which could reach all of South Korea and most of Japan, according to a senior government official. ](/news/2016/04/5/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-south-korea-has-determined-north-korea-is-capable-of-mounting-a-nuclear-warhead-on-its-medium-r.md) _Context: North Korea, ballistic missile_
6. [The People's Republic of China urges North Korea to abide by a United Nations Security Council resolution that bans the North from conducting ballistic missile tests, two days after Pyongyang claimed it conducted a test from a submarine. ](/news/2016/04/25/the-people-s-republic-of-china-urges-north-korea-to-abide-by-a-united-nations-security-council-resolution-that-bans-the-north-from-conductin.md) _Context: North Korea, ballistic missile_
7. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea deploys one or two intermediate-range ballistic missiles on its east coast, possibly preparing for launch on or around Friday, the anniversary of the birth of the country-s founder Kim Il-sung, according to South Korea-s Yonhap news agency. ](/news/2016/04/14/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-deploys-one-or-two-intermediate-range-ballistic-missiles-on-its-east-coast-possibl.md) _Context: North Korea, ballistic missile_
8. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea fires another ballistic missile off its east coast, according to South Korean officials. This occurred while world leaders are attending the annual Nuclear Security Summit in Washington, D.C., where North Korea is on the agenda for discussion. ](/news/2016/04/1/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-fires-another-ballistic-missile-off-its-east-coast-according-to-south-korean-offic.md) _Context: North Korea, ballistic missile_
9. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea's state media reports Supreme Leader Kim Jong-un, in comments released today, states the country has miniaturized nuclear warheads to be mounted on ballistic missiles, and has ordered improvements in the power and precision of its arsenal. ](/news/2016/03/9/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-s-state-media-reports-supreme-leader-kim-jong-un-in-comments-released-today-state.md) _Context: North Korea, ballistic missile_
10. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. The South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff and a U.S. defense official report that North Korea fired two ballistic missiles from the South Pyongan Province. One flew 800 kilometers (497 miles) into the Sea of Japan. The other disappeared at an altitude of about 17 kilometers (10.5 miles). ](/news/2016/03/18/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-the-south-korean-joint-chiefs-of-staff-and-a-u-s-defense-official-report-that-north-korea-fire.md) _Context: North Korea, ballistic missile_
