### [2011-12-20](/news/2011/12/20/index.md)

# Worldwide controversy erupts over a plan by Dutch scientists to publish findings relating to the development of a mutated strain of H5N1, that could potentially cause a worldwide pandemic that could kill millions. Bioterrorism watchdogs also express immense concern over the development of the virus (which is presently stored in Erasmus MC, Rotterdam). 

A man-made virus that could wipe out half humanity has been deemed a terrorist threat. And while the scientists behind the Frankenstein-flu hoped their research would help find a cure, critics fear they have developed the ultimate bio-weapon.


### Source:

1. [FOX News](http://www.foxnews.com/health/2011/12/20/scientists-spark-fears-by-creating-highly-contagious-airborne-strain-bird-flu/)
2. [Russia Today](http://rt.com/news/super-flu-terrorist-threat-251/)

### Related:

1. [Leading international virologists agree to temporarily halt work on a more virulent strain of the H5N1 influenza virus, due to fears that an airborne strain of the lethal virus could be used by bioterrorists. ](/news/2012/01/21/leading-international-virologists-agree-to-temporarily-halt-work-on-a-more-virulent-strain-of-the-h5n1-influenza-virus-due-to-fears-that-an.md) _Context: bioterrorists, bird flu_
2. [ Buildings across the Netherlands&mdash;St. Martin's Cathedral, Utrecht, Rotterdam's Euromast and Groningen's Martinitoren&mdash;dim their lights as clocks go back in Europe. ](/news/2009/10/25/buildings-across-the-netherlands-mdash-st-martin-s-cathedral-utrecht-rotterdam-s-euromast-and-groningen-s-martinitoren-mdash-dim-their-l.md) _Context: Netherlands, Rotterdam_
3. [ A gunman kills one person and injures three others in Rotterdam, Netherlands.  ](/news/2009/04/11/a-gunman-kills-one-person-and-injures-three-others-in-rotterdam-netherlands.md) _Context: Netherlands, Rotterdam_
4. [Aftermath of In Vijfhuizen, the Netherlands, exactly three years after the Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 (MH17) disaster, the National Memorial for the victims is opened in the presence of King Willem-Alexander, Queen Maxima and Prime Minister Mark Rutte. ](/news/2017/07/17/aftermath-of-in-vijfhuizen-the-netherlands-exactly-three-years-after-the-malaysia-airlines-flight-17-mh17-disaster-the-national-memoria.md) _Context: Netherlands_
5. [Aftermath of the Bosnian War and An appeals court in The Hague rules that Netherlands is partly to blame for the deaths of some 350 Muslim Bosnian men in the 1995 Srebrenica genocide and, in a move considered landmark, orders it to pay limited damages. ](/news/2017/06/27/aftermath-of-the-bosnian-war-and-an-appeals-court-in-the-hague-rules-that-netherlands-is-partly-to-blame-for-the-deaths-of-some-350-muslim-b.md) _Context: Netherlands_
6. [Eight people are injured, two seriously, when a car drives into several people in front of the Amsterdam Centraal station in the Netherlands. Police say the driver may have taken ill; they are not treating this as terrorism-related. ](/news/2017/06/10/eight-people-are-injured-two-seriously-when-a-car-drives-into-several-people-in-front-of-the-amsterdam-centraal-station-in-the-netherlands.md) _Context: Netherlands_
7. [A judge in Alkmaar, the Netherlands, grants a 12-year-old boy the right to decide for himself on whether or not to continue chemotherapy. The ruling was based on a psychiatric evaluation of the patient as being "capable of a reasonable evaluation of his interests and realizes the consequences -- including the negative ones -- of his decision." ](/news/2017/05/12/a-judge-in-alkmaar-the-netherlands-grants-a-12-year-old-boy-the-right-to-decide-for-himself-on-whether-or-not-to-continue-chemotherapy-th.md) _Context: Netherlands_
8. [A Filipino lawyer files a complaint of "mass murder and crimes against humanity" against Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte and eleven other officials at the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2017/04/24/a-filipino-lawyer-files-a-complaint-of-mass-murder-and-crimes-against-humanity-against-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-and-eleven-ot.md) _Context: Netherlands_
9. [Dutch businessman Guus Kouwenhoven is found guilty of war crimes and arms trafficking for using his lumber business to sell weapons to Liberia's former president Charles Taylor during the country's civil war between 2000 and 2003 and is sentenced to 19 years in prison. ](/news/2017/04/22/dutch-businessman-guus-kouwenhoven-is-found-guilty-of-war-crimes-and-arms-trafficking-for-using-his-lumber-business-to-sell-weapons-to-liber.md) _Context: Netherlands_
10. [Voters in the Netherlands go to the polls for a general election. Exit polls suggest that incumbent Prime Minister Mark Rutte's People's Party for Freedom and Democracy will win the most seats in the election. ](/news/2017/03/15/voters-in-the-netherlands-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-exit-polls-suggest-that-incumbent-prime-minister-mark-rutte-s-people-s-par.md) _Context: Netherlands_
