### [2013-03-27](/news/2013/03/27/index.md)

# North Korea renews war threats against South Korea and the United States, saying conditions "for a simmering nuclear war" have been created on the Korean peninsula. The country also says it is cutting a military hotline, which facilitates the travel of South Korean workers to a joint industrial complex in Kaesong. 

Communist state says it is cutting all direct military contact with South Korea.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/asia-pacific/2013/03/20133274430576757.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-21950139)

### Related:

1. [North Korea warns against an underway joint military drill by South Korea and the United States, stating that the exercise could jeopardize a recent easing of tension on the Korean Peninsula. ](/news/2013/08/29/north-korea-warns-against-an-underway-joint-military-drill-by-south-korea-and-the-united-states-stating-that-the-exercise-could-jeopardize.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, North Korea, South Korea, U.S._
2. [North Korea renews a threat to permanently close its Kaesong joint industrial zone with South Korea, blaming the "confrontation" policies of the South Korea's new president, Park Geun-hye. ](/news/2013/04/11/north-korea-renews-a-threat-to-permanently-close-its-kaesong-joint-industrial-zone-with-south-korea-blaming-the-confrontation-policies-of.md) _Context: Kaesong, Kaesong area, North Korea, South Korea_
3. [ North Korea fired a volley of missiles into the sea warning that it might stop disabling its nuclear facilities unless the United States dropped its demands for more details about North Korea's nuclear arsenal. A day before, North Korea expelled 11 South Korean officials from an industrial park north of the border that separates the two Koreas. ](/news/2008/03/28/north-korea-fired-a-volley-of-missiles-into-the-sea-warning-that-it-might-stop-disabling-its-nuclear-facilities-unless-the-united-states-dr.md) _Context: Kaesong area, North Korea, South Korea, U.S._
4. [North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-eastern-waters-in-the-direction-of-japan-accordi.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, U.S._
5. [The United States deploys parts of its Terminal High Altitude Area Defense in South Korea amidst high tension caused by North Korea's escalation of its missile and nuclear weapons programs. ](/news/2017/04/26/the-united-states-deploys-parts-of-its-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-in-south-korea-amidst-high-tension-caused-by-north-korea-s-escala.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, U.S._
6. [North Korea announces its readiness to declare war on the United States after the country previously stated that they felt threatened as U.S. military forces approach the Korean Peninsula. ](/news/2017/04/11/north-korea-announces-its-readiness-to-declare-war-on-the-united-states-after-the-country-previously-stated-that-they-felt-threatened-as-u-s.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, North Korea, U.S._
7. [According to South Korean and United States officials, a missile test in North Korea ends in failure, with the missile exploding seconds after launch. ](/news/2017/03/22/according-to-south-korean-and-united-states-officials-a-missile-test-in-north-korea-ends-in-failure-with-the-missile-exploding-seconds-aft.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, U.S._
8. [South Korea and the United States start annual military drills despite North Korea's threats of nuclear attacks. ](/news/2016/08/22/south-korea-and-the-united-states-start-annual-military-drills-despite-north-korea-s-threats-of-nuclear-attacks.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, U.S._
9. [American and South Korean military officials agree to deploy a U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) missile defense system in the country to counter North Korea's growing threats and use of ballistic missile and nuclear tests. ](/news/2016/07/8/american-and-south-korean-military-officials-agree-to-deploy-a-u-s-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-thaad-missile-defense-system-in-th.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, U.S._
10. [Amid growing concern about North Korea's ballistic missile capability, South Korea, Japan and the U.S. are to hold their first ever joint anti-missile exercise next month, according to South Korea's Ministry of National Defense. The three countries will practice "detecting and tracing a hypothetical North Korean missile," said a ministry official. ](/news/2016/05/17/amid-growing-concern-about-north-korea-s-ballistic-missile-capability-south-korea-japan-and-the-u-s-are-to-hold-their-first-ever-joint-an.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, U.S._
