### [2003-12-7](/news/2003/12/7/index.md)

# Former Nicaraguan President Arnoldo Alemn receives a 20-year prison sentence for money laundering, embezzlement, electoral crime, etc. 




### Related:

1. [Authorities charge New Mexico Secretary of State Dianna Duran with 64 counts including fraud, embezzlement, and money laundering. ](/news/2015/08/28/authorities-charge-new-mexico-secretary-of-state-dianna-duran-with-64-counts-including-fraud-embezzlement-and-money-laundering.md) _Context: embezzlement, money laundering_
2. [Ray Nagin, the former Mayor of New Orleans, Louisiana, is indicted on 21 different counts including fraud, embezzlement, money laundering, bribery, and tax evasion. ](/news/2013/01/18/ray-nagin-the-former-mayor-of-new-orleans-louisiana-is-indicted-on-21-different-counts-including-fraud-embezzlement-money-laundering-b.md) _Context: embezzlement, money laundering_
3. [Corruption in Peru: Operation Car Wash: A court of Lima orders 18 months of pre-trial imprisonment for former president Ollanta Humala and his wife Nadine Heredia for alleged money laundering. Both have turned themselves in. ](/news/2017/07/14/corruption-in-peru-operation-car-wash-a-court-of-lima-orders-18-months-of-pre-trial-imprisonment-for-former-president-ollanta-humala-and-h.md) _Context: money laundering_
4. [Nicaraguan general election, 2016: Voters in Nicaragua go to the polls for a general election with polls suggesting that the President of Nicaragua Daniel Ortega will be elected for a third successive term. Ortega's wife Rosario Murillo is running to be the Vice President of Nicaragua.](/news/2016/11/6/nicaraguan-general-election-2016-voters-in-nicaragua-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-with-polls-suggesting-that-the-president-of-ni.md) _Context: Nicaragua_
5. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Otto makes landfall in Nicaragua, becoming the southernmost hurricane on record to hit Central America. ](/news/2016/11/24/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-otto-makes-landfall-in-nicaragua-becoming-the-southernmost-hurricane-on-record-to-hit-central-ame.md) _Context: Nicaragua_
6. [Former Egyptian Interior Minister Habib el-Adly is placed under house arrest on embezzlement charges. ](/news/2016/11/22/former-egyptian-interior-minister-habib-el-adly-is-placed-under-house-arrest-on-embezzlement-charges.md) _Context: embezzlement_
7. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Otto impacts Panama. A tropical storm watch is issued for Nicaragua from Bluefields to Sandy Bay Sirpi. ](/news/2016/11/22/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-otto-impacts-panama-a-tropical-storm-watch-is-issued-for-nicaragua-from-bluefields-to-sandy-bay-s.md) _Context: Nicaragua_
8. [A 6.1 magnitude earthquake hits the northwestern coast of Nicaragua not far from the Honduran border. "La Prensa" reports the walls of a church collapsed in the city of Chinandega. There are no immediate reports of casualties. ](/news/2016/06/9/a-6-1-magnitude-earthquake-hits-the-northwestern-coast-of-nicaragua-not-far-from-the-honduran-border-la-prensa-reports-the-walls-of-a-chu.md) _Context: Nicaragua_
9. [Russia-Spain relations: A Spanish judge issues an arrest warrant for various individuals with links to organized crime from Russia. The list also includes former and current officials of the Russian government with close links to Russian President Vladimir Putin. Prominent officials include former Defense Minister Anatoliy Serdyukov and former Prime Minister Viktor Zubkov. The charges range from money laundering to assassination. ](/news/2016/05/3/russia-spain-relations-a-spanish-judge-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-various-individuals-with-links-to-organized-crime-from-russia-the-li.md) _Context: money laundering_
10. [2015-16 Iraqi protests: Protesters demanding political reform leave Baghdad's Green Zone after camping for 24 hours in the heavily fortified government district. These activists, followers of Shi'ite Muslim cleric Muqtada al-Sadr, support Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi's anti-corruption proposals to replace party-affiliated ministers with technocrats. A grid-locked parliament has been unable to act on these changes. ](/news/2016/05/1/2015-16-iraqi-protests-protesters-demanding-political-reform-leave-baghdad-s-green-zone-after-camping-for-24-hours-in-the-heavily-fortifi.md) _Context: anti-corruption_
