### [2003-12-7](/news/2003/12/7/index.md)

#  Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe announces that he is withdrawing his country from the Commonwealth of Nations. The Commonwealth had earlier decided to maintain Zimbabwe's suspension until human rights and democratic reforms had taken place. [http://www.reuters.co.uk/newsPackageArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=417200&section=news]




### Related:

1. [The Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting (CHOGM) is opened in Abuja, Nigeria, by Queen Elizabeth II. The future of Zimbabwe's membership is threatening to dominate the gathering. The debate has been marked by bitter personal polemics between Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe and Australian Prime Minister John Howard, whom Mugabe accuses of leading an "Anglo-Saxon conspiracy" against Zimbabwe. Mugabe himself is barred from entering the European Union. Zimbabwe was suspended from the Commonwealth last year on charges that Mugabe had rigged his re-election in 2002. [http://news.independent.co.uk/world/politics/story.jsp?story=470202][http://news.com.au/common/story_page/0,4057,8088518%5E401,00.html]](/news/2003/12/5/the-commonwealth-heads-of-government-meeting-chogm-is-opened-in-abuja-nigeria-by-queen-elizabeth-ii-the-future-of-zimbabwe-s-membership.md) _Context: Commonwealth of Nations, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
2. [Zimbabwe president Robert Mugabe fires prosecutor Johannes Tomana. ](/news/2017/06/10/zimbabwe-president-robert-mugabe-fires-prosecutor-johannes-tomana.md) _Context: Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
3. [Around ten heads of state attend the 17th Non-aligned Movement summit in Isla Margarita, Venezuela, including Evo Morales of Bolivia, Raul Castro of Cuba, Rafael Correa of Ecuador, Hassan Rouhani of Iran, Mahmoud Abbas of the State of Palestine, Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe, and Venezuela's president Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/09/17/around-ten-heads-of-state-attend-the-17th-non-aligned-movement-summit-in-isla-margarita-venezuela-including-evo-morales-of-bolivia-raaol.md) _Context: Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
4. [National "Stay Away" protests, organized over the Internet via the WhatsApp social messaging platform, take place in Zimbabwe, following fears of an economic collapse amid calls for President Robert Mugabe's resignation.](/news/2016/07/6/national-stay-away-protests-organized-over-the-internet-via-the-whatsapp-social-messaging-platform-take-place-in-zimbabwe-following-fea.md) _Context: Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
5. [Thousands of opposition supporters rally in Harare, Zimbabwe, against President Robert Mugabe and the deteriorating economy. The rally was banned by the police, however, it went ahead after a ruling by the High Court sanctioned the protest. ](/news/2016/04/14/thousands-of-opposition-supporters-rally-in-harare-zimbabwe-against-president-robert-mugabe-and-the-deteriorating-economy-the-rally-was-b.md) _Context: Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
6. [The president of Zimbabwe, Robert Mugabe, is awarded the Confucius Peace Prize, sometimes characterized as a Chinese alternative to the Nobel Peace Prize. ](/news/2015/10/23/the-president-of-zimbabwe-robert-mugabe-is-awarded-the-confucius-peace-prize-sometimes-characterized-as-a-chinese-alternative-to-the-nobe.md) _Context: Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
7. [President Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe makes his first public appearance in several weeks. ](/news/2014/01/20/president-robert-mugabe-of-zimbabwe-makes-his-first-public-appearance-in-several-weeks.md) _Context: Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
8. [Zimbabwe's Movement for Democratic Change files papers with the Constitutional Court in Harare arguing that the recent elections be annulled because of widespread allegations of illegalities and intimidation of voters by Robert Mugabe's ZANU-PF party. ](/news/2013/08/9/zimbabwe-s-movement-for-democratic-change-files-papers-with-the-constitutional-court-in-harare-arguing-that-the-recent-elections-be-annulled.md) _Context: Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
9. [Robert Mugabe is declared the run-away winner of Zimbabwe's controversial presidential election by a 61% majority, extending his 33-year rule. ](/news/2013/08/3/robert-mugabe-is-declared-the-run-away-winner-of-zimbabwe-s-controversial-presidential-election-by-a-61-majority-extending-his-33-year-rul.md) _Context: Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
10. [The Zimbabwe Electoral Commission says that Robert Mugabe's ZANU-PF party has won 142 seats of 210 seats in the general election. ](/news/2013/08/2/the-zimbabwe-electoral-commission-says-that-robert-mugabe-s-zanu-pf-party-has-won-142-seats-of-210-seats-in-the-general-election.md) _Context: Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
