### [2011-03-25](/news/2011/03/25/index.md)

# Delroy Grant, a 53-year-old London taxi driver who was found guilty on a total of 29 charges including indecent assault, burglary and rape committed against 10 elderly people between 1992 and 2009, is sentenced to life imprisonment at Woolwich Crown Court with a recommendation that he should serve at least 27 years in prison before parole can even be considered. 

Night Stalker rapist Delroy Grant, who carried out a series of sex attacks on elderly people, is jailed for 27 years.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-london-12857539)

### Related:

1. [Israeli agent Jonathan Pollard, a former U.S. intelligence analyst convicted and sentenced to a life imprisonment for providing top secret classified information to Israel, will be released by the Obama Administration on parole tomorrow after serving 30 years in a U.S. federal prison. He will be given an ankle monitor while he completes five years of parole in America. ](/news/2015/11/19/israeli-agent-jonathan-pollard-a-former-u-s-intelligence-analyst-convicted-and-sentenced-to-a-life-imprisonment-for-providing-top-secret-c.md) _Context: life imprisonment, parole_
2. [Eddie Ray Routh is found guilty of the 2013 murder of United States Navy SEALs' sniper Chris Kyle and Kyle's friend Chad Littlefield in Texas. Routh is automatically sentenced to life imprisonment without parole. ](/news/2015/02/24/eddie-ray-routh-is-found-guilty-of-the-2013-murder-of-united-states-navy-seals-sniper-chris-kyle-and-kyle-s-friend-chad-littlefield-in-texa.md) _Context: life imprisonment, parole_
3. [ Eric Rudolph is sentenced to three more life terms without possibility of parole for the Centennial Olympic Park bombing of the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta. ](/news/2005/08/22/eric-rudolph-is-sentenced-to-three-more-life-terms-without-possibility-of-parole-for-the-centennial-olympic-park-bombing-of-the-1996-summer.md) _Context: life imprisonment, parole_
4. [2017 Dubai skyscraper fire. A fire at the 79-story Dubai Torch Tower in the United Arab Emirates, which forced nighttime evacuations, was under control in a few hours with no serious injuries immediately reported. The building's exterior was still being renovated from a fire in February, 2015, which investigators had blamed, at least in part, to flammable siding, echoing the findings of this past June's Grenfell Tower fire in London. ](/news/2017/08/4/2017-dubai-skyscraper-fire-a-fire-at-the-79-story-dubai-torch-tower-in-the-united-arab-emirates-which-forced-nighttime-evacuations-was-un.md) _Context: London_
5. [Venezuelan Constitutional Assembly election, 2017. At a news briefing in London, the CEO of Smartmatic, the Venezuelan-owned multinational company that provided the election system used in Sunday's election, says the number of those participating in the poll was tampered with, off by at least one million. ](/news/2017/08/2/venezuelan-constitutional-assembly-election-2017-at-a-news-briefing-in-london-the-ceo-of-smartmatic-the-venezuelan-owned-multinational-c.md) _Context: London_
6. [Big Ben. London's Big Ben, atop Elizabeth Tower, will fall silent for four years beginning 21 August while essential repair works are performed. ](/news/2017/08/14/big-ben-london-s-big-ben-atop-elizabeth-tower-will-fall-silent-for-four-years-beginning-21-august-while-essential-repair-works-are-perfor.md) _Context: London_
7. [O. J. Simpson robbery case. O. J. Simpson is granted parole by the Nevada Board of Parole Commissioners after spending nearly nine years in prison. ](/news/2017/07/20/o-j-simpson-robbery-case-o-j-simpson-is-granted-parole-by-the-nevada-board-of-parole-commissioners-after-spending-nearly-nine-years-in.md) _Context: parole_
8. [Crime in London. Five men in London are attacked with acid in five linked attacks. Two teenaged suspects are taken into custody. ](/news/2017/07/13/crime-in-london-five-men-in-london-are-attacked-with-acid-in-five-linked-attacks-two-teenaged-suspects-are-taken-into-custody.md) _Context: London_
9. [Camden Market fire. A large fire breaks out at the Camden Markets in North West London, with over 70 firefighters and 10 firetrucks attending the scene. No casualties have been reported. ](/news/2017/07/10/camden-market-fire-a-large-fire-breaks-out-at-the-camden-markets-in-north-west-london-with-over-70-firefighters-and-10-firetrucks-attendin.md) _Context: London_
10. [Crime in London. A childcare worker in London is reportedly stabbed by three Muslim women while on her way to work, suffering non life threatening injuries. ](/news/2017/06/7/crime-in-london-a-childcare-worker-in-london-is-reportedly-stabbed-by-three-muslim-women-while-on-her-way-to-work-suffering-non-life-threa.md) _Context: London_
