### [2011-03-25](/news/2011/03/25/index.md)

# European Council [http://www.european-council.europa.eu/council-meetings.aspx?lang=en Summit] (24-25 March 2011) [http://www.consilium.europa.eu/App/NewsRoom/loadDocument.aspx?id=1823&amp;lang=English&amp;directory=en/ec/&amp;fileName=120184.pdf (Invitation letter by President Van Rompuy to the European Council -PDF-)], completion [http://www.consilium.europa.eu/uedocs/cms_Data/docs/pressdata/en/ec/120296.pdf (Summit Conclusions -PDF-)] focusing on 1) its economic policy under the pressure of the Portugal crisis [http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/03/26/us-eu-summit-idUSTRE72M8XF20110326?feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews (Reuters)], 2) On the finalisation of the ESM (European Stability Mechanism) and the adoption of the Euro Plus Pact, 3) On the developments on its southern neighbourhood under the light of the 2011 Libyan civil war and the UN Security Council Resolution 1973 and 4) On possible assistance to Japan, and the necessary steps to review the safety of both European and neighbouring nuclear facilities. 




### Related:

1. [Two sons of former Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi, Al-Saadi Gaddafi and Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, are scheduled to appear in court along with 35 other former government officials on charges of murder, embezzlement, and kidnapping during the Libyan Civil War. ](/news/2014/04/14/two-sons-of-former-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-al-saadi-gaddafi-and-saif-al-islam-gaddafi-are-scheduled-to-appear-in-court-along-with.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War_
2. [Authorities in Tripoli announce the capture of Muammar Gaddafi's former spokesman Moussa Ibrahim near the town of Tarhouna, 40 miles south of the capital Tripoli. Ibrahim's whereabouts had been unknown since the end of the civil war in 2011 and there had been several earlier reports of his arrest. Hours later an audio message purported to be by Ibrahim appears online, in which he denies being captured or even being in Libya. ](/news/2012/10/20/authorities-in-tripoli-announce-the-capture-of-muammar-gaddafi-s-former-spokesman-moussa-ibrahim-near-the-town-of-tarhouna-40-miles-south-o.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War_
3. [2011-present Libyan factional fighting: Chairman of the General National Congress Mohamed Yousef el-Magariaf says that al-Qaeda elements, who fought alongside the rebels in the Libyan Civil War, number "up to 200" in Libya now. ](/news/2012/10/1/2011apresent-libyan-factional-fighting-chairman-of-the-general-national-congress-mohamed-yousef-el-magariaf-says-that-al-qaeda-elements.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War_
4. [Mauritania extradites former Libyan intelligence chief Abdullah Senussi, who was arrested in the capital Nouakchott in March after fleeing Libya during the civil war in 2011. The United States insist on a fair trial for the suspect, a "milestone in (Libya's) democratic transition". ](/news/2012/09/5/mauritania-extradites-former-libyan-intelligence-chief-abdullah-senussi-who-was-arrested-in-the-capital-nouakchott-in-march-after-fleeing-l.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War_
5. [The Federal Constitutional Court in Karlsruhe rules that Germany's participation in the European Stability Mechanism (ESM) is, conditionally, within the German Constitution's limits, allowing President Gauck to approve the Bundestag's previous agreement with the mechanism. ](/news/2012/09/12/the-federal-constitutional-court-in-karlsruhe-rules-that-germany-s-participation-in-the-european-stability-mechanism-esm-is-conditionally.md) _Context: European Stability Mechanism_
6. [Two explosions strike near government buildings in the Libyan capital of Tripoli, killing at least two people. These are the first bomb attacks since the end of the Libyan Civil War.](/news/2012/08/19/two-explosions-strike-near-government-buildings-in-the-libyan-capital-of-tripoli-killing-at-least-two-people-these-are-the-first-bomb-atta.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War_
7. [Ireland's High Court refuses an application by Sinn Fein's Pearse Doherty against the Referendum Commission's statements on the European Stability Mechanism, as voting continues on offshore islands in the referendum on the European Fiscal Compact. ](/news/2012/05/30/ireland-s-high-court-refuses-an-application-by-sinn-fa-c-in-s-pearse-doherty-against-the-referendum-commission-s-statements-on-the-european-st.md) _Context: European Stability Mechanism_
8. [A Libyan starts court proceedings against 41 people accused of helping Muammar Gaddafi to attempt to suppress the opposition in the Libyan Civil War. ](/news/2012/02/5/a-libyan-starts-court-proceedings-against-41-people-accused-of-helping-muammar-gaddafi-to-attempt-to-suppress-the-opposition-in-the-libyan-c.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War_
9. [Aftermath of 2011 Libyan civil war: elements of former anti-Gaddafi forces from Tripoli and Misrata clash in the center of Tripoli, with five people reportedly killed. ](/news/2012/01/3/aftermath-of-2011-libyan-civil-war-elements-of-former-anti-gaddafi-forces-from-tripoli-and-misrata-clash-in-the-center-of-tripoli-with-fiv.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War_
10. [The United Nations says detainees from Libya's civil war are being tortured. ](/news/2012/01/26/the-united-nations-says-detainees-from-libya-s-civil-war-are-being-tortured.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War_
