### [2011-03-25](/news/2011/03/25/index.md)

# The minority of the Conservative Party of Canada led by Prime Minister Stephen Harper is defeated in a no confidence motion in the House of Commons with an election to be held in early May. 

Stephen Harper on Saturday will ask that an election be called, after opposition MPs voted together to defeat the Conservative government.


### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/news/politics/story/2011/03/25/pol-defeat.html)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/03/25/us-canada-politics-idUSTRE72O0U820110325)

### Related:

1. [ In the Canadian federal election, the Conservatives win a plurality of seats in the House of Commons to form a minority government. Stephen Harper is to become the next Prime Minister. ](/news/2006/01/23/in-the-canadian-federal-election-the-conservatives-win-a-plurality-of-seats-in-the-house-of-commons-to-form-a-minority-government-stephen.md) _Context: Canadian House of Commons, Canadian Prime Minister, Conservative Party's, Stephen Harper, minority government_
2. [The minority government led by Prime Minister Stephen Harper is reprimanded by the Canadian House of Commons for failing to produce documents but avoids a no confidence motion. ](/news/2011/03/9/the-minority-government-led-by-prime-minister-stephen-harper-is-reprimanded-by-the-canadian-house-of-commons-for-failing-to-produce-document.md) _Context: Canadian House of Commons, Canadian Prime Minister, Stephen Harper, no confidence motion_
3. [ Canadian federal election, 2006: Opposition leader Stephen Harper introduces a motion of no confidence in the Canadian House of Commons. With the support of all opposition parties, it is expected to pass on Monday, toppling Prime Minister Paul Martin's minority Liberals and forcing a campaign spanning the holiday season. ](/news/2005/11/24/canadian-federal-election-2006-opposition-leader-stephen-harper-introduces-a-motion-of-no-confidence-in-the-canadian-house-of-commons-wi.md) _Context: Canadian House of Commons, Canadian Prime Minister, Stephen Harper, minority government_
4. [ In Canada's 40th general election, the ruling Conservative Party gains 19 seats and wins another minority government. Stephen Harper is re-elected as Prime Minister. ](/news/2008/10/14/in-canada-s-40th-general-election-the-ruling-conservative-party-gains-19-seats-and-wins-another-minority-government-stephen-harper-is-re.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Conservative Party's, Stephen Harper_
5. [ Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper and the Canadian House of Commons endorse a motion to declare that the Qubcois form a nation within a unified Canada. ](/news/2006/11/27/canadian-prime-minister-stephen-harper-and-the-canadian-house-of-commons-endorse-a-motion-to-declare-that-the-quebecois-form-a-nation-withi.md) _Context: Canadian House of Commons, Canadian Prime Minister, Stephen Harper_
6. [ As Stephen Harper is sworn in as Canada's 22nd Prime Minister, David Emerson crosses the floor from the Liberal Party to join Harper's Conservative Party, and is appointed as Minister of International Trade. Harper also appointed Michael Fortier, an unelected party supporter, to minister of public works and government services and to the senate. ](/news/2006/02/6/as-stephen-harper-is-sworn-in-as-canada-s-22nd-prime-minister-david-emerson-crosses-the-floor-from-the-liberal-party-to-join-harper-s-cons.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Conservative Party's, Stephen Harper_
7. [ Canadian House of Commons opposition members of parliament pass a motion to instruct a house committee to call for the resignation of the government. The 153 votes of the Conservatives and Bloc Qubcois defeat the 150 votes of the Liberals and NDP due to three absences. Although the motion is classified as a procedural instruction to a committee and not a no confidence motion, the Tories and BQ call on the government to resign. ](/news/2005/05/10/canadian-house-of-commons-opposition-members-of-parliament-pass-a-motion-to-instruct-a-house-committee-to-call-for-the-resignation-of-the-g.md) _Context: Canadian House of Commons, Conservative Party's, no confidence motion_
8. [ Following Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin's cabinet shuffle two days earlier, Leader of the Opposition Stephen Harper announces a reshuffled Conservative Shadow Cabinet. ](/news/2004/07/22/following-canadian-prime-minister-paul-martin-s-cabinet-shuffle-two-days-earlier-leader-of-the-opposition-stephen-harper-announces-a-reshu.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Conservative Party's, Stephen Harper_
9. [Elections Canada has traced allegations of fraudulent robocalls engaging in voter suppression in 18 ridings during the Canadian federal election, 2011 to Racknine Inc., a small Edmonton call centre that worked for the Conservative Party of Canada party's national campaign. ](/news/2012/02/23/elections-canada-has-traced-allegations-of-fraudulent-robocalls-engaging-in-voter-suppression-in-18-ridings-during-the-canadian-federal-elec.md) _Context: 2011 Canadian federal election, Conservative Party's_
10. [The Liberal Party of Canada announces it will introduce a motion to the Canadian House of Commons that calls on MPs to support a committee report finding the Conservative government in contempt of Parliament. The finding was in response to the government allegedly not supplying sufficient information on costs of crime bills, purchasing F-35 fighter jets for the Canadian Forces, and corporate tax cuts. ](/news/2011/03/23/the-liberal-party-of-canada-announces-it-will-introduce-a-motion-to-the-canadian-house-of-commons-that-calls-on-mps-to-support-a-committee-r.md) _Context: Canadian House of Commons, Conservative Party's_
