### [2011-03-25](/news/2011/03/25/index.md)

# The Northern Ireland Assembly dissolves ahead of May elections. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-northern-ireland-12857032)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/special/2015/newsspec_10857/bbc_news_logo.png?cb=1)

### Related:

1. [Mike Nesbitt announces he is standing down as leader of the Ulster Unionist Party (UUP) following the party's poor performance in yesterday's Northern Ireland Assembly election. ](/news/2017/03/3/mike-nesbitt-announces-he-is-standing-down-as-leader-of-the-ulster-unionist-party-uup-following-the-party-s-poor-performance-in-yesterday.md) _Context: Northern Ireland Assembly_
2. [The Secretary of State for Northern Ireland James Brokenshire announces a snap election is to take place on March 2 to elect members to the Northern Ireland Assembly after the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) and Sinn Fein failed to agree on a power-sharing agreement. ](/news/2017/01/16/the-secretary-of-state-for-northern-ireland-james-brokenshire-announces-a-snap-election-is-to-take-place-on-march-2-to-elect-members-to-the.md) _Context: Northern Ireland Assembly_
3. [Counting for the Northern Ireland Assembly election finally ends with the DUP and Sinn Fin winning the most seats, 38 and 29 respectively. ](/news/2011/05/7/counting-for-the-northern-ireland-assembly-election-finally-ends-with-the-dup-and-sinn-fein-winning-the-most-seats-38-and-29-respectively.md) _Context: Northern Ireland Assembly election_
4. [Counting starts in the Northern Ireland election. ](/news/2011/05/6/counting-starts-in-the-northern-ireland-election.md) _Context: Northern Ireland Assembly election_
5. [Gerry Adams, the President of Sinn Fein, announces that he will resign his positions in the Northern Ireland Assembly and the Parliament of the United Kingdom to stand for the Dail. ](/news/2010/11/14/gerry-adams-the-president-of-sinn-fa-c-in-announces-that-he-will-resign-his-positions-in-the-northern-ireland-assembly-and-the-parliament-of.md) _Context: Northern Ireland Assembly_
6. [The Northern Ireland Assembly votes &mdash; 88 votes in favour to 17 Ulster Unionist Party against &mdash; in favour of the devolution of justice. ](/news/2010/03/9/the-northern-ireland-assembly-votes-mdash-88-votes-in-favour-to-17-ulster-unionist-party-against-mdash-in-favour-of-the-devolution-of-ju.md) _Context: Northern Ireland Assembly_
7. [ Voters in Northern Ireland go to the polls to elect new members to the Northern Ireland Assembly. ](/news/2007/03/7/voters-in-northern-ireland-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-new-members-to-the-northern-ireland-assembly.md) _Context: Northern Ireland Assembly_
8. [ Ulster Unionist Party defector Jeffrey Donaldson and two other MLAs join Rev. Ian Paisley's Democratic Unionist Party, pushing the DUP's numbers in the Northern Ireland Assembly to 33.](/news/2004/01/5/ulster-unionist-party-defector-jeffrey-donaldson-and-two-other-mlas-join-rev-ian-paisley-s-democratic-unionist-party-pushing-the-dup-s-nu.md) _Context: Northern Ireland Assembly_
9. [ At the end of the First Count of elections to the Northern Ireland Assembly, and reflecting the early tallies the Democratic Unionist Party attracts the highest popular vote, with Sinn Fein coming second, the Ulster Unionist Party third and the SDLP fourth. Minor parties like the Progressive Unionist Party, the Alliance Party and the UK Unionist Party suffer major collapse, with the Women's Coalition losing all its seats. Later counts are expected to boost the middle ground UUP and SDLP, who show greater possibilities of picking up inter-party transfers than the more extreme DUP and Sinn Fein. Nevertheless, Sinn Fein is widely expected to have more MLAs than the SDLP, a reversal of the results in the 1998 Assembly elections. It is too close to call whether the previous larger UUP or the Rev. Ian Paisley's DUP will have more seats after all counts. The final results will not be known until late on Friday, when all six seats in each constituency are filled. The election was held under PR.STV.](/news/2003/11/27/at-the-end-of-the-first-count-of-elections-to-the-northern-ireland-assembly-and-reflecting-the-early-tallies-the-democratic-unionist-party.md) _Context: Northern Ireland Assembly_
10. [ A "Belfast Telegraph" opinion poll in Northern Ireland in the run up to the Northern Ireland Assembly elections predicts that the Ulster Unionist Party will remain the largest unionist party, defeating the Democratic Unionist Party, while the nationalist Social Democratic and Labour Party, contrary to many expectations, will outpoll Sinn Fin. At the start of the campaign, many commentators had predicted that both the DUP and Sinn Fin would topple their rivals.](/news/2003/11/13/a-belfast-telegraph-opinion-poll-in-northern-ireland-in-the-run-up-to-the-northern-ireland-assembly-elections-predicts-that-the-ulster-un.md) _Context: Northern Ireland Assembly_
