### [2016-02-16](/news/2016/02/16/index.md)

# The jewels of former Philippine First Lady Imelda Marcos are to be auctioned. Valued at $21 million (USD), they were seized by the government when her husband Ferdinand Marcos was overthrown. 

A $21m collection of jewellery that once belonged to the former first lady of the Philippines, Imelda Marcos, is to be sold at auction.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-35583699)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/02/16/luxury/imelda-marcos-jewelery-auction/)
2. [Cover Image](https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/cpsprodpb/EEA0/production/_88288016_c7687019-872b-498d-ab85-ac91d471a74e.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Human rights abuse victims during the regime of Ferdinand Marcos stake a claim on auction proceeds from Imelda Marcos' art collection, which includes pieces by Michelangelo, Monet, Van Gogh, and Picasso. ](/news/2016/04/15/human-rights-abuse-victims-during-the-regime-of-ferdinand-marcos-stake-a-claim-on-auction-proceeds-from-imelda-marcos-art-collection-which.md) _Context: Ferdinand Marcos, Imelda Marcos_
2. [Celebrations are held to commemorate the 30th anniversary of the People Power Revolution in the Philippines that led to the downfall of dictator Ferdinand Marcos' 21-year reign, and the rise of President Corazon Aquino. ](/news/2016/02/25/celebrations-are-held-to-commemorate-the-30th-anniversary-of-the-people-power-revolution-in-the-philippines-that-led-to-the-downfall-of-dict.md) _Context: 1986 EDSA People Power Revolution, Ferdinand Marcos_
3. [The Sandiganbayan rules the jewelry collection of Imelda Marcos, valued about $150,000 in 1986, property of the government of the Philippines and orders the Marcos family to forfeit it. ](/news/2014/01/13/the-sandiganbayan-rules-the-jewelry-collection-of-imelda-marcos-valued-about-150-000-in-1986-property-of-the-government-of-the-philippine.md) _Context: Imelda Marcos, Philippine government_
4. [Coinciding with the 45th anniversary of the declaration of martial law in 1972 by the late Philippine President Ferdinand Marcos, nationwide protests are conducted by various groups against the government's implementation of war on drugs and the ongoing martial law in the whole of Mindanao under the administration of President Rodrigo Duterte. ](/news/2017/09/21/coinciding-with-the-45th-anniversary-of-the-declaration-of-martial-law-in-1972-by-the-late-philippine-president-ferdinand-marcos-nationwide.md) _Context: Ferdinand Marcos_
5. [The Supreme Court of the Philippines has junked all petitions against the burial of former President of the Philippines Ferdinand Marcos at the Libingan ng mga Bayani, re-affirming its earlier ruling on 8 November 2016. ](/news/2017/08/8/the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-has-junked-all-petitions-against-the-burial-of-former-president-of-the-philippines-ferdinand-marcos-at.md) _Context: Ferdinand Marcos_
6. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte threatens the "Philippine Daily Inquirer" with an expose. The newspaper has been a long-time ally of the politically prominent Aquino family (ever since the 1986 EDSA People Power Revolution), as well as the minority opposition Liberal Party (of which the Vice President of the Philippines Leni Robredo is its prominent member); both have been consistent in their criticisms of the Duterty presidency and its policies since its inauguration in 2016. ](/news/2017/07/1/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-threatens-the-philippine-daily-inquirer-with-an-exposa-c-the-newspaper-has-been-a-long-time-a.md) _Context: 1986 EDSA People Power Revolution_
7. [Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte says he is "not aware" of the United States providing support to the Philippine government's military intervention against Islamists in Marawi. Duterte also said that he "never approached America for help". ](/news/2017/06/11/philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-says-he-is-not-aware-of-the-united-states-providing-support-to-the-philippine-government-s-military.md) _Context: Philippine government_
8. [The government of the Philippines and the Communist Party cancel peace talks after president Rodrigo Duterte declares martial law in Mindanao. ](/news/2017/05/28/the-government-of-the-philippines-and-the-communist-party-cancel-peace-talks-after-president-rodrigo-duterte-declares-martial-law-in-mindana.md) _Context: Philippine government_
9. [The Philippines top historian resigns to protest President Rodrigo Duterte's decision to allow the burial of Ferdinand Marcos in the Heroes' Cemetery at Fort Bonifacio in Manila. ](/news/2016/11/29/the-philippines-top-historian-resigns-to-protest-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-decision-to-allow-the-burial-of-ferdinand-marcos-in-the-heroes.md) _Context: Ferdinand Marcos_
10. [The Philippine Supreme Court postpones the burial of former Philippines dictator Ferdinand Marcos until at least October 18. ](/news/2016/09/8/the-philippine-supreme-court-postpones-the-burial-of-former-philippines-dictator-ferdinand-marcos-until-at-least-october-18.md) _Context: Ferdinand Marcos_
