### [2014-12-22](/news/2014/12/22/index.md)

# Kazakhstan renews its military cooperation with Ukraine, to which it promises vital supplies of coal, following a visit to Kiev by the Kazakh leader, Nursultan Nazarbayev. 




### Source:

1. [Fox News](http://latino.foxnews.com/latino/politics/2014/12/22/top-russian-allies-distance-themselves-from-putin-support-ukraine/)

### Related:

1. [A former Ukrainian soldier assassinates former Russian Duma deputy Denis Voronenkov in the Ukrainian capital Kiev. In December 2016, he received Ukrainian citizenship. Ilya Ponomarev says Voronenkov was heading to a meeting with him. ](/news/2017/03/23/a-former-ukrainian-soldier-assassinates-former-russian-duma-deputy-denis-voronenkov-in-the-ukrainian-capital-kiev-in-december-2016-he-rece.md) _Context: Kiev, Ukrainian_
2. [Twenty-one organizers for the Eurovision Song Contest in Kiev, Ukraine, resign en masse after claiming they were completely blocked from making decisions about the show. Despite the setback, the European Broadcasting Union insists that the event must go on. ](/news/2017/02/15/twenty-one-organizers-for-the-eurovision-song-contest-in-kiev-ukraine-resign-en-masse-after-claiming-they-were-completely-blocked-from-mak.md) _Context: Kiev, Ukrainian_
3. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 17; Dutch-led investigators say Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 was downed over eastern Ukraine in 2014 by a Buk missile that had come from Russia. ](/news/2016/09/28/malaysia-airlines-flight-17-dutch-led-investigators-say-malaysia-airlines-flight-mh17-was-downed-over-eastern-ukraine-in-2014-by-a-buk-miss.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Ukrainian_
4. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry arrives in Kiev, Ukraine, where he is expected to discuss ways of ending the conflict in the east of the country. The visit, along with his visit to Georgia yesterday, comes ahead of the NATO summit in Warsaw that will take place tomorrow. ](/news/2016/07/7/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-arrives-in-kiev-ukraine-where-he-is-expected-to-discuss-ways-of-ending-the-conflict-in-the-east-of-the.md) _Context: Kiev, Ukrainian_
5. [Ten Olympic weightlifters fail a drug test in a reanalysis of samples from the 2012 Summer Olympics. Among them are four Kazakh gold medalists: Ilya Ilyin, Zulfiya Chinshanlo, Svetlana Podobedova and Maiya Maneza. The other athletes represent Azerbaijan, Belarus, Russia, and  Ukraine. All ten lifters are provisionally suspended by the International Weightlifting Federation and are expected to be stripped of their titles. ](/news/2016/06/16/ten-olympic-weightlifters-fail-a-drug-test-in-a-reanalysis-of-samples-from-the-2012-summer-olympics-among-them-are-four-kazakh-gold-medalis.md) _Context: Kazakhstan, Ukrainian_
6. [A fire at a home for elderly people near the Ukrainian capital Kiev kills at least 16 people. ](/news/2016/05/29/a-fire-at-a-home-for-elderly-people-near-the-ukrainian-capital-kiev-kills-at-least-16-people.md) _Context: Kiev, Ukrainian_
7. [The body of Ukrainian lawyer Yurij  Grabovsky, who defended two ex-Russian soldiers charged in Eastern Ukraine with terrorism and waging an aggressive war against the country, is found  on the grounds of a former farming collective in Zhashkiv, Ukraine. Grabovsky went missing from Kiev on March 9. Information from one of two men being held in this case led police to  the remains.  ](/news/2016/03/25/the-body-of-ukrainian-lawyer-yurij-grabovsky-who-defended-two-ex-russian-soldiers-charged-in-eastern-ukraine-with-terrorism-and-waging-an.md) _Context: Kiev, Ukrainian_
8. [Ukraine says that a cyberattack on Boryspil International Airport near Kiev came from Russian computers. ](/news/2016/01/18/ukraine-says-that-a-cyberattack-on-boryspil-international-airport-near-kiev-came-from-russian-computers.md) _Context: Kiev, Ukrainian_
9. [The World Health Organization urges Ukraine's health ministry to declare a state of emergency due to a polio outbreak, a move meant to prompt more action from the government in Kiev. Half of Ukraine's children have not been vaccinated against polio, according to Dorit Nitzan, head of the WHO's office in Ukraine. ](/news/2015/12/1/the-world-health-organization-urges-ukraine-s-health-ministry-to-declare-a-state-of-emergency-due-to-a-polio-outbreak-a-move-meant-to-promp.md) _Context: Kiev, Ukrainian_
10. [Minsk II implementationRiot police clash with protesters armed with firecrackers and petrol bombs outside the parliament building, in Kiev, Ukraine, leaving one national guardsman dead and around 100 people injured. ](/news/2015/08/31/minsk-ii-implementationpriot-police-clash-with-protesters-armed-with-firecrackers-and-petrol-bombs-outside-the-parliament-building-in-kiev.md) _Context: Kiev, Ukrainian_
