### [2016-11-8](/news/2016/11/8/index.md)

# South Korean prosecutors raid the offices of Samsung Electronics as part of a ongoing probe into President Park Geun-hye's controversial association with Choi Soon-sil. Yonhap News Agency reports prosecutors are investigating whether Samsung improperly provided financial assistance to Choi's daughter, Chung Yoo-ra. 

South Korean prosecutors have raided the offices of Samsung Electronics as part of an investigation into the political scandal over President Park Geun-hye.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-37904802)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-southkorea-politics-idUSKBN1322OL)

### Related:

1. [A court in South Korea strikes down a request by prosecutors to issue an arrest warrant for Samsung vice chairman Lee Jae-yong, who is accused of bribery and embezzlement, in connection to a corruption scandal involving impeached President Park Geun-hye. ](/news/2017/01/19/a-court-in-south-korea-strikes-down-a-request-by-prosecutors-to-issue-an-arrest-warrant-for-samsung-vice-chairman-lee-jae-yong-who-is-accus.md) _Context: 2016 South Korean political scandal, Park Geun-hye, Samsung, South Korea, South Korean President_
2. [An interim report by South Korean prosecutors implicates President Park Geun-hye in a political scandal involving her close friend Choi Soon-sil. Three people have been indicted in relation to the scandal. President Park cannot be indicted due to a constitutional provision preventing a sitting President being indicted except for treason or insurrection. ](/news/2016/11/20/an-interim-report-by-south-korean-prosecutors-implicates-president-park-geun-hye-in-a-political-scandal-involving-her-close-friend-choi-soon.md) _Context: 2016 South Korean political scandal, Choi Soon-sil, Park Geun-hye, South Korea, South Korean President_
3. [Authorities arrest Impeached South Korean President Park Geun-hye on charges of bribery, abuse of authority, coercion, and leaking government secrets. ](/news/2017/03/30/authorities-arrest-impeached-south-korean-president-park-geun-hye-on-charges-of-bribery-abuse-of-authority-coercion-and-leaking-governmen.md) _Context: 2016 South Korean political scandal, Park Geun-hye, South Korea, South Korean President_
4. [South Korean prosecutors issue an arrest warrant for Lee Jae-yong, a senior executive in the Samsung Group, in relation to the political scandal that has led to the impeachment of Park Geun-hye, the President of South Korea. ](/news/2017/01/16/south-korean-prosecutors-issue-an-arrest-warrant-for-lee-jae-yong-a-senior-executive-in-the-samsung-group-in-relation-to-the-political-sca.md) _Context: 2016 South Korean political scandal, Park Geun-hye, South Korea, South Korean President_
5. [Tens of thousands protest in the South Korean capital, Seoul, calling for the resignation of President Park Geun-hye over her links with Choi Soon-sil, who was arrested on November 3, and charged with fraud and abuse of power. ](/news/2016/11/5/tens-of-thousands-protest-in-the-south-korean-capital-seoul-calling-for-the-resignation-of-president-park-geun-hye-over-her-links-with-cho.md) _Context: Choi Soon-sil, Park Geun-hye, South Korea, South Korean President_
6. [The President of South Korea Park Geun-hye accepts full blame for the scandal over the influence of religious figure Choi Soon-sil in Park's administration and vows to accept the results of an independent investigation into her actions. ](/news/2016/11/4/the-president-of-south-korea-park-geun-hye-accepts-full-blame-for-the-scandal-over-the-influence-of-religious-figure-choi-soon-sil-in-park-s.md) _Context: 2016 South Korean political scandal, Choi Soon-sil, Park Geun-hye, South Korean President_
7. [A South Korean official says prosecutors will question President Park Geun-hye, no later than Wednesday, about the political corruption scandal. This will be the first time a sitting president is questioned by prosecutors in a criminal case. ](/news/2016/11/13/a-south-korean-official-says-prosecutors-will-question-president-park-geun-hye-no-later-than-wednesday-about-the-political-corruption-scan.md) _Context: 2016 South Korean political scandal, Park Geun-hye, South Korea, South Korean President_
8. [As many as 1,000,000 people march on the presidential Blue House in Seoul, South Korea, calling for the resignation of President Park Geun-hye amid an ongoing corruption scandal. It is the largest protest in South Korea since the protests against U.S. beef imports in 2008. ](/news/2016/11/12/as-many-as-1-000-000-people-march-on-the-presidential-blue-house-in-seoul-south-korea-calling-for-the-resignation-of-president-park-geun-h.md) _Context: 2016 South Korean political scandal, Park Geun-hye, South Korea, South Korean President_
9. [Choi Soon-sil, the woman at the centre of a South Korean political scandal involving her friend President of Korea Park Geun-hye, is detained for questioning. ](/news/2016/11/1/choi-soon-sil-the-woman-at-the-centre-of-a-south-korean-political-scandal-involving-her-friend-president-of-korea-park-geun-hye-is-detaine.md) _Context: 2016 South Korean political scandal, Choi Soon-sil, Park Geun-hye, South Korea_
10. [South Korean prosecutors raid the presidential Blue House in Seoul amid continuing fallout over President Park Geun-hye's influence-peddling scandal involving cult leader Choi Soon-sil. ](/news/2016/10/29/south-korean-prosecutors-raid-the-presidential-blue-house-in-seoul-amid-continuing-fallout-over-president-park-geun-hye-s-influence-peddling.md) _Context: Choi Soon-sil, Park Geun-hye, South Korea, South Korean President_
