### [2016-11-8](/news/2016/11/8/index.md)

# United States elections, 2016 Voters in the United States go to the polls for a range of federal, state and local elections, including the highly publicized presidential election between major party nominees Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. 

Here are the key times to know as we await an outcome from the US election.


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/inside-battle-us-house/story?id=43388314)
2. [ABC](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2016-11-08/us-election-what-time-will-we-know-the-result/7943894)
3. [IB Times](http://www.ibtimes.com/who-winning-us-election-dixville-notch-harts-location-millsfield-vote-counts-2443266)
4. [News.com.au](http://www.news.com.au/world/north-america/the-awkward-first-election-day-vote-in-the-us-presidential-race-has-not-gone-down-well/news-story/a4d3dedc37fb080db90ed75f38ee1d2f)
5. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/elections/results/senate)
6. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/0/us-election-2016-live-results-exit-polls-donald-trump-clinton1/)

### Related:

1. [United States presidential election and general elections, 2016Although he lost the popular vote, Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for the 2016 presidential election, becomes the president-elect of the United States after defeating Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee in the electoral college. It is the fifth time in United States history where the winning candidate lost the popular vote, the last such defeat occurring in 2000.The Republican Party retains control of the House and Senate. ](/news/2016/11/9/united-states-presidential-election-and-general-elections-2016palthough-he-lost-the-popular-vote-donald-trump-the-republican-nominee-for.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Hillary Clinton, Trump, United States elections, 2016_
2. [Voters in the U.S. state of New York go to the polls for a primary election with Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump expected to win the respective contests for their parties in that state. ](/news/2016/04/19/voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-new-york-go-to-the-polls-for-a-primary-election-with-hillary-clinton-and-donald-trump-expected-to-win-the-respec.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Hillary Clinton, Trump, U.S._
3. [President-elect Donald Trump is declared as the winner in Michigan, causing his electoral college vote to rise to 306. Hillary Clinton's margin in the popular vote rises to over two million. ](/news/2016/11/28/president-elect-donald-trump-is-declared-as-the-winner-in-michigan-causing-his-electoral-college-vote-to-rise-to-306-hillary-clinton-s-mar.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Hillary Clinton, Trump_
4. [Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump hold the second presidential debate of the 2016 U.S. presidential election at Washington University in St. Louis, Missouri, in a "town meeting" format. ](/news/2016/10/9/hillary-clinton-and-donald-trump-hold-the-second-presidential-debate-of-the-2016-u-s-presidential-election-at-washington-university-in-st.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Hillary Clinton, Trump_
5. [Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump meet for the third presidential debate of the 2016 U.S. election at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas. ](/news/2016/10/19/hillary-clinton-and-donald-trump-meet-for-the-third-presidential-debate-of-the-2016-u-s-election-at-the-university-of-nevada-las-vegas.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Hillary Clinton, Trump_
6. [Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton and Republican Party nominee Donald Trump hold the first presidential debate of the 2016 presidential election at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York. ](/news/2016/09/26/democratic-party-nominee-hillary-clinton-and-republican-party-nominee-donald-trump-hold-the-first-presidential-debate-of-the-2016-presidenti.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Hillary Clinton, Trump_
7. [The Commission on Presidential Debates officially announces the invitation of Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton, and GOP nominee Donald Trump, to the first presidential debate at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York, on September 26. However, third party candidates, Gary Johnson and Jill Stein, have not met the criteria, and will not be participants in the debate. ](/news/2016/09/16/the-commission-on-presidential-debates-officially-announces-the-invitation-of-democratic-party-nominee-hillary-clinton-and-gop-nominee-dona.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Hillary Clinton, Trump_
8. [Democratic presidential election nominee Hillary Clinton accuses Russian intelligence services of being behind recent hacks into Democratic National Committee computers, while also accusing Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump of supporting Russian President Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2016/07/31/democratic-presidential-election-nominee-hillary-clinton-accuses-russian-intelligence-services-of-being-behind-recent-hacks-into-democratic.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Hillary Clinton, Trump_
9. [During a press conference, Republican nominee Donald Trump calls on Russia to find Hillary Clinton's 30,000 missing emails. ](/news/2016/07/27/during-a-press-conference-republican-nominee-donald-trump-calls-on-russia-to-find-hillary-clinton-s-30-000-missing-emails.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Hillary Clinton, Trump_
10. [Tuesday, March 22 primaries/caucusesFront runners Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump each won the Democratic and Republican primary in Arizona, respectively. ](/news/2016/03/23/tuesday-march-22-primaries-caucusespfront-runners-hillary-clinton-and-donald-trump-each-won-the-democratic-and-republican-primary-in-arizon.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Hillary Clinton, Trump_
