### [2014-07-10](/news/2014/07/10/index.md)

# Germany expels the Berlin station chief of the United States Central Intelligence Agency following a series of spy scandals. 

Germany&#039;s decision to expel the US CIA station chief in Berlin has met with a cool response from Washington, saying any comment would risk US interests.


### Source:

1. [AAP via SBS Australia](http://www.sbs.com.au/news/article/2014/07/11/germany-expels-top-cia-agent-over-espionage-claims)

### Related:

1. [Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-charter-08-is-suffering-fr.md) _Context: American, Germany_
2. [WikiLeaks releases thousands of documents that it claims provides details of surveillance software used by the United States Central Intelligence Agency. ](/news/2017/03/7/wikileaks-releases-thousands-of-documents-that-it-claims-provides-details-of-surveillance-software-used-by-the-united-states-central-intelli.md) _Context: American, CIA_
3. [The Kremlin arrests four people, Kaspersky Lab's  Ruslan Stoyanov, and  three officials in the Federal Security Service (FSB previously KGB) Center for Information Security, reportedly on treason charges for passing information to  America's CIA. ](/news/2017/01/31/the-kremlin-arrests-four-people-kaspersky-lab-s-ruslan-stoyanov-and-three-officials-in-the-federal-security-service-fsb-previously-kgb.md) _Context: American, CIA_
4. [The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility via Amaq News Agency for the truck attack in Berlin, Germany, which left at least 12 people dead and 49 injured. ](/news/2016/12/20/the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility-via-amaq-news-agency-for-the-truck-attack-in-berlin-germany-which-left-at-l.md) _Context: Berlin, Germany_
5. [Twelve are killed and more than 50 others are injured as a truck rams into a packed Christmas market in Breitscheidplatz, Berlin, Germany. A suspect has been arrested in connection with the attack. ](/news/2016/12/19/twelve-are-killed-and-more-than-50-others-are-injured-as-a-truck-rams-into-a-packed-christmas-market-in-breitscheidplatz-berlin-germany-a.md) _Context: Berlin, Germany_
6. [Volkswagen agrees to pay $175 million to United States lawyers suing the German automaker on behalf of the owners of 475,000 polluting vehicles. ](/news/2016/10/14/volkswagen-agrees-to-pay-175-million-to-united-states-lawyers-suing-the-german-automaker-on-behalf-of-the-owners-of-475-000-polluting-vehic.md) _Context: American, Germany_
7. [Voters head to the polls in Berlin, Germany, to elect members to the Abgeordnetenhaus of Berlin. Latest polling indicates the anti-immigration Alternative for Germany (AfD) are expected to make strong gains. ](/news/2016/09/18/voters-head-to-the-polls-in-berlin-germany-to-elect-members-to-the-abgeordnetenhaus-of-berlin-latest-polling-indicates-the-anti-immigrati.md) _Context: Berlin, Germany_
8. [Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-berlin-to-discuss-the-consequences-of-the-united-kin.md) _Context: Berlin, Germany_
9. [American agrochemical and agricultural biotechnology company Monsanto rejects an unsolicited $62 billion takeover bid by German pharmaceutical giant Bayer, saying the price was too low but adding that it remained "open to further talks." ](/news/2016/05/24/american-agrochemical-and-agricultural-biotechnology-company-monsanto-rejects-an-unsolicited-62-billion-takeover-bid-by-german-pharmaceutic.md) _Context: American, Germany_
10. [During a rally in support of German comedian Jan Bohmermann, outside the Turkish embassy in Berlin, Bruno Kramm, head of the Berlin branch of Germany's Pirate Party, is arrested for "insulting a representative of a foreign state" by quoting a line from the comic's satirical poem about Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. ](/news/2016/04/23/during-a-rally-in-support-of-german-comedian-jan-baphmermann-outside-the-turkish-embassy-in-berlin-bruno-kramm-head-of-the-berlin-branch.md) _Context: Berlin, Germany_
