### [2009-09-29](/news/2009/09/29/index.md)

#  Former President of Peru Alberto Fujimori pleads guilty to charges of bribery and spying on his old rivals during his presidency. 




### Source:

1. [Philippine Daily Inquirer](http://newsinfo.inquirer.net/breakingnews/world/view/20090929-227447/Perus-Fujimori-admits-to-corruption-charges)

### Related:

1. [A judge in Peru issues an arrest warrant for former President Alejandro Toledo for allegedly receiving US$20 million in bribes from Odebrecht, a Brazilian construction company, in exchange for a contract deal to build a transoceanic highway between Brazil and the Peruvian coast. Toledo denies any wrongdoing. ](/news/2017/02/10/a-judge-in-peru-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-former-president-alejandro-toledo-for-allegedly-receiving-us-20-million-in-bribes-from-odebrech.md) _Context: President, bribes_
2. [The Supreme Court of Peru upholds a 25 year prison sentence for former President Alberto Fujimori, convicted of mass human rights violations. ](/news/2010/01/3/the-supreme-court-of-peru-upholds-a-25-year-prison-sentence-for-former-president-alberto-fujimori-convicted-of-mass-human-rights-violations.md) _Context: Alberto Fujimori, President_
3. [ A Chilean court rejects the extradition of former Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori. ](/news/2007/07/11/a-chilean-court-rejects-the-extradition-of-former-peruvian-president-alberto-fujimori.md) _Context: Alberto Fujimori, President_
4. [ Former Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori arrives in Santiago, Chile after being exiled in Japan since 2000. Although he is the subject of an Interpol arrest warrant, the Chilean government said he cannot be arrested without an order from a Chilean judge. Fujimori arrives at a time of tension between Chile and Peru over sea boundaries. [http://www.cnn.com/2005/WORLD/americas/11/06/chile.fujimori.ap/index.html (CNN)] (Link dead as of 22:17, 14 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/11/6/former-peruvian-president-alberto-fujimori-arrives-in-santiago-chile-after-being-exiled-in-japan-since-2000-although-he-is-the-subject-of.md) _Context: Alberto Fujimori, President_
5. [Peru-Venezuela relations: Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski's government creates a temporary visa for thousands of Venezuelans whose country is mired in a deep economic crisis. Visa holders will be able to study, work, and receive health services in Peru for a year. "This is part of our migratory policy that aims to build bridges not walls", says Interior Minister Carlos Basombrio. ](/news/2017/02/3/peru-venezuela-relations-peruvian-president-pedro-pablo-kuczynski-s-government-creates-a-temporary-visa-for-thousands-of-venezuelans-whos.md) _Context: President_
6. [An Austrian court grants a United States request to extradite Ukrainian businessman Dmytro Firtash. U.S. officials accuse Firtash of being involved in a scandal where he allegedly paid US$18.5 million in bribes for a permit to mine titanium in India, something Firtash denies. ](/news/2017/02/21/an-austrian-court-grants-a-united-states-request-to-extradite-ukrainian-businessman-dmytro-firtash-u-s-officials-accuse-firtash-of-being-i.md) _Context: bribes_
7. [The Obama administration through federal prosecutors announces corruption charges against nine defendants, including a former close aide to New York Governor Andrew Cuomo, over their roles in alleged bribery and fraud schemes tied to the awarding of large state contracts and other activities. ](/news/2016/09/22/the-obama-administration-through-federal-prosecutors-announces-corruption-charges-against-nine-defendants-including-a-former-close-aide-to.md) _Context: bribes_
8. [Ling Jihua, former top aide to paramount leader Hu Jintao, is sentenced to life in prison for illegally obtaining state secrets and taking over $11 million in bribes. Ling's misfortunes started when he was accused of trying to cover up a scandal connected to his 23-year-old son's deadly crash in a Ferrari in 2012. ](/news/2016/07/4/ling-jihua-former-top-aide-to-paramount-leader-hu-jintao-is-sentenced-to-life-in-prison-for-illegally-obtaining-state-secrets-and-taking-o.md) _Context: bribes_
9. [Peruvian general election, 2016: Peruvians protest in five cities, including the capital Lima, against the presidential candidacy of Keiko Fujimori, daughter of imprisoned ex-president Alberto Fujimori, who exactly 24 years ago this day carried out a coup by shutting down Congress and taking over the courts with the support of the military. Keiko Fujimori is the front runner in Sunday's April 10, 2016, election. Yesterday, Fujimori committed to respect democratic liberties and the rule of law, and to work against corruption, which some opponents have rejected. The Organization of American States says the election could lack credibility unless two recently-disqualified candidates are allowed to run. ](/news/2016/04/5/peruvian-general-election-2016-peruvians-protest-in-five-cities-including-the-capital-lima-against-the-presidential-candidacy-of-keiko-f.md) _Context: Alberto Fujimori_
10. [Chinese state television reports Guo Youming, former deputy governor of Hubei province, is found guilty of taking bribes totaling more than 23.8 million yuan ($3.70 million). Guo is the latest to be convicted as a result of President Xi Jinping's anti-corruption campaign that started when Xi took office three years ago. ](/news/2015/12/9/chinese-state-television-reports-guo-youming-former-deputy-governor-of-hubei-province-is-found-guilty-of-taking-bribes-totaling-more-than.md) _Context: bribes_
