### [2012-08-19](/news/2012/08/19/index.md)

# In the stand-off between Britain and Ecuador over Julian Assange, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange gives a speech critical of the United States' policy against Wikileaks, "dragging us all in a dark, repressive world in which journalists live under fear of prosecution", from the balcony of Ecuador's London embassy. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-19310335)
2. [Channel 4](http://www.channel4.com/news/julian-assange-a-modern-day-evita)
3. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2012/08/19/wikileaks-founder-assange-to-make-first-public-appearance-in-2-months/#ixzz2414eDzSI)
3. [Cover Image](http://a57.foxnews.com/images.foxnews.com/content/fox-news/world/2012/08/19/wikileaks-founder-assange-to-make-first-public-appearance-in-2-months/_jcr_content/par/featured-media/media-0.img.jpg/0/0/1421975020075.jpg?ve=1)

### Related:

1. [Wikileaks founder Julian Assange, who is wanted for questioning in Sweden, says that he will leave his refuge in the Ecuadorean embassy in London "soon". ](/news/2014/08/18/wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-who-is-wanted-for-questioning-in-sweden-says-that-he-will-leave-his-refuge-in-the-ecuadorean-embassy-in-l.md) _Context: Ecuador, Julian Assange, London, WikiLeaks_
2. [Talks between the foreign ministers of Britain and Ecuador end with no breakthrough over WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, who remains in the country's London embassy. ](/news/2013/06/17/talks-between-the-foreign-ministers-of-britain-and-ecuador-end-with-no-breakthrough-over-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-who-remains-in-th.md) _Context: Ecuador, Julian Assange, London, WikiLeaks_
3. [London police end their three-year long, round-the-clock guard outside the Ecuadorian Embassy waiting to arrest WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. Officers have been stationed at this embassy since June 2012. Police said the operation cost 11.1 million pounds (17.6 million dollars) through April 2015. Assange is wanted for jumping bail in England and sexual assault allegations in Sweden. Assange denies the Swedish charges and suspects the real reason is to bring him to the U.S. ](/news/2015/10/12/london-police-end-their-three-year-long-round-the-clock-guard-outside-the-ecuadorian-embassy-waiting-to-arrest-wikileaks-founder-julian-ass.md) _Context: Julian Assange, U.S., WikiLeaks_
4. [Julian Assange issues a statement to supporters from a balcony of London's Ecuadorean embassy, in which he refers to the U.S. Pentagon's recent description of the existence of WikiLeaks as an "ongoing crime" and suggests it is the intention of WikiLeaks to release a million more documents in 2013. ](/news/2012/12/20/julian-assange-issues-a-statement-to-supporters-from-a-balcony-of-london-s-ecuadorean-embassy-in-which-he-refers-to-the-u-s-pentagon-s-rec.md) _Context: Julian Assange, London, WikiLeaks_
5. [British police mass near the Ecuadorean embassy where WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange resides, after Britain threatens to use force to extract him. ](/news/2012/08/16/british-police-mass-near-the-ecuadorean-embassy-where-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-resides-after-britain-threatens-to-use-force-to-extr.md) _Context: Ecuador, Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
6. [A representative for WikiLeaks editor-in-chief Julian Assange declines a Metropolitan Police order to surrender himself at a police station, instead electing to remain in Ecuador's London embassy until he is granted asylum. ](/news/2012/06/29/a-representative-for-wikileaks-editor-in-chief-julian-assange-declines-a-metropolitan-police-order-to-surrender-himself-at-a-police-station.md) _Context: Ecuador, Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
7. [The Metropolitan Police Service's extradition unit delivers a notice to WikiLeaks editor-in-chief Julian Assange at Ecuador's London embassy. ](/news/2012/06/28/the-metropolitan-police-service-s-extradition-unit-delivers-a-notice-to-wikileaks-editor-in-chief-julian-assange-at-ecuador-s-london-embassy.md) _Context: Ecuador, Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
8. [The mother of Julian Assange reports that the WikiLeaks editor-in-chief has been "buoyed" by the public's support since he sought refuge in Ecuador's London embassy, refers to U.S. threats to withdraw billions of dollars in aid from Ecuador if it granted asylum, and condemns the Australian government, which has not sought to intervene on behalf of her son, as "nothing more than a puppet" of the United States. ](/news/2012/06/25/the-mother-of-julian-assange-reports-that-the-wikileaks-editor-in-chief-has-been-buoyed-by-the-public-s-support-since-he-sought-refuge-in.md) _Context: Ecuador, Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
9. [WikiLeaks editor-in-chief Julian Assange gives an interview on Australian radio as his attempt to gain political asylum in Ecuador continues. ](/news/2012/06/22/wikileaks-editor-in-chief-julian-assange-gives-an-interview-on-australian-radio-as-his-attempt-to-gain-political-asylum-in-ecuador-continues.md) _Context: Ecuador, Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
10. [President of Ecuador Rafael Correa decides on the issue of granting asylum to WikiLeaks editor-in-chief Julian Assange as Assange remains in the Ecuadorian embassy of London, risking arrest by the British authorities. ](/news/2012/06/21/president-of-ecuador-rafael-correa-decides-on-the-issue-of-granting-asylum-to-wikileaks-editor-in-chief-julian-assange-as-assange-remains-in.md) _Context: Julian Assange, London, WikiLeaks_
