### [2012-08-19](/news/2012/08/19/index.md)

# It is reported that UK Work and Pensions Secretary Iain Duncan Smith's department has made a formal complaint to the BBC over claims of anti-Government bias, as Duncan Smith himself attacks the Corporation in a "Mail on Sunday" article for what he perceives to be its negative stance towards the coalition. 

Work and Pensions Secretary Iain Duncan Smith&#039;s department has made a formal complaint to the BBC claiming its coverage of the Government is biased, it has emerged.


### Source:

1. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/iain-duncan-smith-attacks-bbc-correspondent-for-peeing-all-over-british-industry-8061246.html)
2. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/9485510/Iain-Duncan-Smith-in-attack-on-BBC-over-jobless-figures.html)

### Related:

1. [Iain Duncan Smith resigns his position as the United Kingdom's Secretary of State for Work and Pensions, in opposition to cuts in disability benefit proposed by George Osborne, the Chancellor of the Exchequer. ](/news/2016/03/18/iain-duncan-smith-resigns-his-position-as-the-united-kingdom-s-secretary-of-state-for-work-and-pensions-in-opposition-to-cuts-in-disability.md) _Context: Iain Duncan Smith, Secretary of State for Work and Pensions_
2. [Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 2016. Home Secretary Theresa May gets 165 votes after the first ballot of Conservative members of parliament to select a new Leader and the next Prime Minister. Her nearest rival, Minister of State for Energy Andrea Leadsom, picked up 66 votes. Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove won 48 votes, and Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Stephen Crabb got 34 votes. Former Secretary of State for Defence Liam Fox is eliminated from consideration as he received just 16. Later, Crabb pulled out of the race and endorsed front-runner Theresa May. Fox also endorsed May. ](/news/2016/07/5/conservative-party-uk-leadership-election-2016-home-secretary-theresa-may-gets-165-votes-after-the-first-ballot-of-conservative-members.md) _Context: Secretary of State for Work and Pensions_
3. [Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 2016. The process to elect a new leader of the Conservative Party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron begins in the United Kingdom. The Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Stephen Crabb is the first Conservative Party politician to announce his official candidacy for leader. ](/news/2016/06/29/conservative-party-uk-leadership-election-2016-the-process-to-elect-a-new-leader-of-the-conservative-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-min.md) _Context: Secretary of State for Work and Pensions_
4. [Britain's Deputy Prime Minister and leader of the Liberal Democrats, Nick Clegg announces that plans to reform the House of Lords will be abandoned after his party's coalition partners, the Conservatives, failed to support the proposals. The Lib Dems will also not support Conservative plans to reduce the number of MPs in the House of Commons. ](/news/2012/08/6/britain-s-deputy-prime-minister-and-leader-of-the-liberal-democrats-nick-clegg-announces-that-plans-to-reform-the-house-of-lords-will-be-ab.md) _Context: the coalition_
5. [The UK's coalition government drops plans for a crucial House of Commons vote on its plans to reform the House of Lords after it faced likely defeat over the issue with as many as 100 Conservative MPs planning to oppose the plans. ](/news/2012/07/10/the-uk-s-coalition-government-drops-plans-for-a-crucial-house-of-commons-vote-on-its-plans-to-reform-the-house-of-lords-after-it-faced-likel.md) _Context: the coalition_
6. [Channel 4 news anchor Jon Snow tells the Leveson Inquiry that Associated Newspapers, which publishes the "Daily Mail" and "Mail on Sunday", is worse than News International's titles, that it has a "pernicious" and sometimes "mendacious" agenda to undermine people in public life, and predicts that "very possibly they will go after me for saying so". ](/news/2012/06/25/channel-4-news-anchor-jon-snow-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-that-associated-newspapers-which-publishes-the-daily-mail-and-mail-on-sunday.md) _Context: Mail on Sunday_
7. [The British Government launches a new e-petition website to encourage the public to prompt parliamentary debate on topics they feel are important. Several petitions concern proposals for and against restoring the death penalty, last used in the UK in 1964.](/news/2011/08/4/the-british-government-launches-a-new-e-petition-website-to-encourage-the-public-to-prompt-parliamentary-debate-on-topics-they-feel-are-impo.md) _Context: the coalition_
8. [An e-petition calling for the British Government to release of Cabinet documents relating to the Hillsborough disaster collects 100,000 signatures - enough for MPs to consider a House of Commons debate on the matter. It is the first government e-petition to reach the target. ](/news/2011/08/23/an-e-petition-calling-for-the-british-government-to-release-of-cabinet-documents-relating-to-the-hillsborough-disaster-collects-100-000-sign.md) _Context: the coalition_
9. [The UK government will introduce emergency legislation designed to reverse a controversial judgement on police bail for debate in the House of Commons on Thursday. ](/news/2011/07/4/the-uk-government-will-introduce-emergency-legislation-designed-to-reverse-a-controversial-judgement-on-police-bail-for-debate-in-the-house.md) _Context: the coalition_
10. [The UK Government states its intention to support a Labour Party motion in the House of Commons calling for the withdrawal of News Corporation's bid to take over BSkyB. ](/news/2011/07/12/the-uk-government-states-its-intention-to-support-a-labour-party-motion-in-the-house-of-commons-calling-for-the-withdrawal-of-news-corporati.md) _Context: the coalition_
