### [2012-08-19](/news/2012/08/19/index.md)

# Mexican Drug War:A photo journalist is ambushed and killed by unknown assailants while driving a vehicle in Chihuahua, Chihuahua. 




### Source:

1. [Milenio](http://translate.google.com/translate?sl=auto&tl=en&js=n&prev=_t&hl=en&ie=UTF-8&layout=2&eotf=1&u=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.milenio.com%2Fcdb%2Fdoc%2Fnoticias2011%2F88bb6fc5edd1ab4f8c0d5060c02bd5e7&act=url)
2. [Proceso](http://translate.google.com/translate?sl=auto&tl=en&js=n&prev=_t&hl=en&ie=UTF-8&layout=2&eotf=1&u=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.proceso.com.mx%2F%3Fp%3D317511&act=url)

### Related:

1. [Mexican Drug War:Mexican authorities confirm that the Jalisco New Generation Cartel is responsible for murdering five journalists in the state of Veracruz. This information was confirmed after the arrest of some of the members in the criminal organization. ](/news/2012/08/15/mexican-drug-war-pmexican-authorities-confirm-that-the-jalisco-new-generation-cartel-is-responsible-for-murdering-five-journalists-in-the-st.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, more than 80 have been killed_
2. [Mexican Drug War: Victor Manuel Baez Chino, a journalist for the Mexican newspaper ''Milenio'', is found dead after being kidnapped in the coastal state of Veracruz. ](/news/2012/06/14/mexican-drug-war-vactor-manuel-ba-ez-chino-a-journalist-for-the-mexican-newspaper-milenio-is-found-dead-after-being-kidnapped-in-the.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, more than 80 have been killed_
3. [An unknown gunman shoots and kills veteran journalist Javier Valdez Crdenas, who is noted for his investigative reporting on Mexico's war on drugs, in Culiacn, Sinaloa. ](/news/2017/05/15/an-unknown-gunman-shoots-and-kills-veteran-journalist-javier-valdez-cardenas-who-is-noted-for-his-investigative-reporting-on-mexico-s-war-o.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
4. [A gang shoots down a police helicopter near Apatzingan, Michoacan, killing four people. The police had been conducting an operation against criminal groups and drug cartels. ](/news/2016/09/7/a-gang-shoots-down-a-police-helicopter-near-apatzinga-n-michoaca-n-killing-four-people-the-police-had-been-conducting-an-operation-agains.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
5. [Mexican police come under attack in a two-hour gunfight in the city of Acapulco, killing one gunman. At the same time, a separate group of gunmen attacked a federal police base in the city. ](/news/2016/04/25/mexican-police-come-under-attack-in-a-two-hour-gunfight-in-the-city-of-acapulco-killing-one-gunman-at-the-same-time-a-separate-group-of-g.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
6. [Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto proposes legalizing marijuana for medical purposes and easing limits for personal use of the drug. He said he would be sending a bill to the Congress to increase the amount users can legally carry from the current five grams to 28 (0.18-1oz). The news comes just two days after he addressed the United Nations General Assembly at a special session on drug policy and is seen as a chance to re-think the current strategy of fighting drug-trafficking, especially in Mexico where the fighting has killed tens of thousands of people. ](/news/2016/04/22/mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-proposes-legalizing-marijuana-for-medical-purposes-and-easing-limits-for-personal-use-of-the-drug-he.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
7. [At least nine suspected cartel members are killed in gunfights with government forces during an anti-cartel operation in the city of Reynosa, Mexico. ](/news/2016/03/14/at-least-nine-suspected-cartel-members-are-killed-in-gunfights-with-government-forces-during-an-anti-cartel-operation-in-the-city-of-reynosa.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
8. [The Mexican Navy recaptures escaped drug lord Joaquin Guzman, also known as "El Chapo", in Los Mochis, Sinaloa. ](/news/2016/01/8/the-mexican-navy-recaptures-escaped-drug-lord-joaquan-guzma-n-also-known-as-el-chapo-in-los-mochis-sinaloa.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
9. [Two suspects are killed in a clash with police, and three others are arrested in connection with yesterday's assassination  of Temixco, Morelos's newly inaugurated mayor Gisela Mota Ocampo. Governor Graco Ramirez, who attributed Mota's killing to organized crime, calls for three days of mourning. ](/news/2016/01/3/two-suspects-are-killed-in-a-clash-with-police-and-three-others-are-arrested-in-connection-with-yesterday-s-assassination-of-temixco-more.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
10. [Gisela Mota Ocampo, mayor of Temixco in Mexico's Morelos state is assassinated by gunmen at her home, less than a day after taking office. Morelos Governor, Graco Ramirez, attributed Mota's killing to organized crime, without citing a particular drug cartel or gang. ](/news/2016/01/2/gisela-mota-ocampo-mayor-of-temixco-in-mexico-s-morelos-state-is-assassinated-by-gunmen-at-her-home-less-than-a-day-after-taking-office-m.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
