### [2012-08-19](/news/2012/08/19/index.md)

# Syrian civil war: At least 19 people are killed across Syria in ongoing violence on Eid-ul-Fitr holiday. President Assad makes a public appearance, praying in Damascus. Lakhdar Brahimi accepts to become the new UN envoy. 

Clashes continue as President Assad makes his first appearance in public since a July bombing killed security chiefs.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/middleeast/2012/08/201281972948560493.html)
2. [Washington Times](http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2012/aug/19/latest-un-envoy-for-syria-not-optimistic/)

### Related:

1. [Syrian civil war:: A car bomb attack by unknown people near a Palestinian refugee camp in the Damascene suburb of Sbeineh ("Sabina") kills at least 15 people. AFP says rebels claim the capture of the village of Harem near Idlib on the Turkish border, after a 3-day siege; the government still keeps air supremacy. U.N. envoy Lakhdar Brahimi says it is both conflict parties' duty to try to reach peace. ](/news/2012/09/2/syrian-civil-war-a-car-bomb-attack-by-unknown-people-near-a-palestinian-refugee-camp-in-the-damascene-suburb-of-sbeineh-sabina-kills-a.md) _Context: Damascus, Lakhdar Brahimi, Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
2. [Lakhdar Brahimi, the U.N. and Arab League special envoy for the Syrian civil war, arrives in Damascus; fighting goes on in the east of the capital. ](/news/2012/09/13/lakhdar-brahimi-the-u-n-and-arab-league-special-envoy-for-the-syrian-civil-war-arrives-in-damascus-fighting-goes-on-in-the-east-of-the-c.md) _Context: Damascus, Lakhdar Brahimi, Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
3. [Syrian Civil War: According to Syrian state media, two suicide bombers attack in Damascus, killing at least 31 people. ](/news/2017/03/15/syrian-civil-war-according-to-syrian-state-media-two-suicide-bombers-attack-in-damascus-killing-at-least-31-people.md) _Context: Damascus, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian Civil War: Tahrir al-Sham, al-Qaeda's branch in Syria, claims responsibility for yesterday's twin bomb attacks in Damascus which left dozens dead. ](/news/2017/03/12/syrian-civil-war-tahrir-al-sham-al-qaeda-s-branch-in-syria-claims-responsibility-for-yesterday-s-twin-bomb-attacks-in-damascus-which-left.md) _Context: Damascus, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Syrian Civil War: Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/syrian-civil-war-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ce.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
6. [Syrian civil war: Several bombings kill at least 40 people in government and Kurdish held territory across Syria, including Tartus, Homs, Al-Hasakah and Damascus. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/09/5/syrian-civil-war-several-bombings-kill-at-least-40-people-in-government-and-kurdish-held-territory-across-syria-including-tartus-homs-al.md) _Context: Damascus, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian Civil War: Syrian government airstrikes, and rockets from Islamist insurgents, hit many neighborhoods in Aleppo. Fatalities are reported on both sides of the city. This continued fighting threatens the truce and peace talks being held in Geneva, Switzerland. UN envoy Staffan de Mistura says he will meet the government delegation Monday, and will sit down with the main opposition High Negotiations Committee later in the week. ](/news/2016/04/16/syrian-civil-war-syrian-government-airstrikes-and-rockets-from-islamist-insurgents-hit-many-neighborhoods-in-aleppo-fatalities-are-repor.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
8. [Syrian Civil War: Syrian peace process: The delegation of the government of Syria rules out starting any direct talks with the opposition delegation as U.N. sponsored peace talks enter a third day in Geneva. ](/news/2016/03/16/syrian-civil-war-syrian-peace-process-the-delegation-of-the-government-of-syria-rules-out-starting-any-direct-talks-with-the-opposition-de.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
9. [Syrian Civil War: A suicide bomb attack in Syria's capital Damascus kills at least 10 people. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/02/9/syrian-civil-war-a-suicide-bomb-attack-in-syria-s-capital-damascus-kills-at-least-10-people-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-claim.md) _Context: Damascus, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian Civil War: Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War: The U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs reports that increased airstrikes by Russia have forced humanitarian assistance organizations to curtail their relief efforts, exacerbating the humanitarian crisis in northern Syria. ](/news/2015/12/15/syrian-civil-war-russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-the-u-n-office-for-the-coordination-of-humanitarian-affairs-report.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
