### [2012-08-19](/news/2012/08/19/index.md)

# Two explosions strike near government buildings in the Libyan capital of Tripoli, killing at least two people. These are the first bomb attacks since the end of the Libyan Civil War.

Two people are killed in twin car bomb attacks close to security force buildings in the Libyan capital, Tripoli, officials say.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-19310528)

### Related:

1. [2011-present Libyan factional fighting:Authorities in Tripoli announce the capture of Muammar Gaddafi's former spokesman Moussa Ibrahim near the town of Tarhouna, 40 miles south of the capital Tripoli. Ibrahim's whereabouts had been unknown since the end of the civil war in 2011 and there had been several earlier reports of his arrest. Hours later an audio message purported to be by Ibrahim appears online, in which he denies being captured or even being in Libya. ](/news/2012/10/20/2011apresent-libyan-factional-fighting-pauthorities-in-tripoli-announce-the-capture-of-muammar-gaddafi-s-former-spokesman-moussa-ibrahim-n.md) _Context: 2011-present Libyan factional fighting, Libyan Civil War, Tripoli_
2. [2011-present Libyan factional fighting: Chairman of the General National Congress Mohamed Yousef el-Magariaf says that al-Qaeda elements, who fought alongside the rebels in the Libyan Civil War, number "up to 200" in Libya now. ](/news/2012/10/1/2011apresent-libyan-factional-fighting-chairman-of-the-general-national-congress-mohamed-yousef-el-magariaf-says-that-al-qaeda-elements.md) _Context: 2011-present Libyan factional fighting, Libyan Civil War_
3. [Libya: Unnamed organized assailants bulldoze a Sufi mosque with graves, in broad daylight in the centre of the Libyan capital Tripoli. It is the second such razing of a Sufi site in two days. De facto head of state Mohamed Yousef el-Magariaf tells reporters: "What is truly regrettable and suspicious is that some of those who took part in these destruction activities are supposed to be of the security forces and from the revolutionaries." ](/news/2012/08/25/libya-unnamed-organized-assailants-bulldoze-a-sufi-mosque-with-graves-in-broad-daylight-in-the-centre-of-the-libyan-capital-tripoli-it-is.md) _Context: 2011-present Libyan factional fighting, Tripoli_
4. [Aftermath of 2011 Libyan civil war: elements of former anti-Gaddafi forces from Tripoli and Misrata clash in the center of Tripoli, with five people reportedly killed. ](/news/2012/01/3/aftermath-of-2011-libyan-civil-war-elements-of-former-anti-gaddafi-forces-from-tripoli-and-misrata-clash-in-the-center-of-tripoli-with-fiv.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War, Tripoli_
5. [2011 Libyan civil war: Rebels report more gains south of the capital Tripoli. ](/news/2011/08/7/2011-libyan-civil-war-rebels-report-more-gains-south-of-the-capital-tripoli.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War, Tripoli_
6. [2011 Libyan civil war:Abdul Hafiz Ghoga, the Vice Chairman of the National Transitional Council, says that "the zero hour has started" with fighting continuing in Tripoli. ](/news/2011/08/21/2011-libyan-civil-war-pabdul-hafiz-ghoga-the-vice-chairman-of-the-national-transitional-council-says-that-the-zero-hour-has-started-with.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War, Tripoli_
7. [National Transitional Council forces in Libya began cutting off supply lines to Tripoli after a 48 hour operation capturing key towns around the capital and surrounding the city. ](/news/2011/08/16/national-transitional-council-forces-in-libya-began-cutting-off-supply-lines-to-tripoli-after-a-48-hour-operation-capturing-key-towns-around.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War, Tripoli_
8. [Anti-Muammar Gaddafi rebels make major progress in the 2011 Libyan civil war, advancing into Zawiya, only 50 km west of the capital city, Tripoli. ](/news/2011/08/14/anti-muammar-gaddafi-rebels-make-major-progress-in-the-2011-libyan-civil-war-advancing-into-zawiya-only-50-km-west-of-the-capital-city-tr.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War, Tripoli_
9. [2011 Libyan civil war: Russia announces plans to send another planeload of humanitarian aid to the Libyan cities of Benghazi and Tripoli. ](/news/2011/07/7/2011-libyan-civil-war-prussia-announces-plans-to-send-another-planeload-of-humanitarian-aid-to-the-libyan-cities-of-benghazi-and-tripoli.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War, Tripoli_
10. [Libyan Civil War:(NATO claims to have destroyed three television distribution facilities in an airstrike on Tripoli, Libya. ](/news/2011/07/30/libyan-civil-war-p-nato-claims-to-have-destroyed-three-television-distribution-facilities-in-an-airstrike-on-tripoli-libya.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War, Tripoli_
