### [2013-06-12](/news/2013/06/12/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War:. United Nations peacekeepers from Austria start withdrawing from the Golan Heights. 




### Source:

1. [AP via the ''Idaho Statesman](http://www.idahostatesman.com/2013/06/12/2612915/austrian-un-peacekeepers-begin.html)

### Related:

1. [Syrian civil war:. Four Filipino UN peacekeepers are kidnapped by armed men while patrolling the demilitarized area between Syria and the Israeli-annexed Golan Heights. ](/news/2013/05/7/syrian-civil-war-four-filipino-un-peacekeepers-are-kidnapped-by-armed-men-while-patrolling-the-demilitarized-area-between-syria-and-the-is.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Syrian Civil War, United Nations, peacekeepers_
2. [Vienna Conference on Syria. Syrian Civil War. Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/vienna-conference-on-syria-syrian-civil-war-iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-represen.md) _Context: Austria, Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
3. [Syrian Civil War:. The al-Qaeda-linked Nusra Front releases dozens of Fijian United Nations peacekeepers captured near the Golan Heights. ](/news/2014/09/11/syrian-civil-war-the-al-qaeda-linked-nusra-front-releases-dozens-of-fijian-united-nations-peacekeepers-captured-near-the-golan-heights.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
4. [Syrian Civil War:. Thirty-two United Nations peacekeepers from the Philippines were evacuated under fire from the Golan Heights border checkpoint between Syria and Israel, while others remain under fire from groups including the Al-Nusra Front. ](/news/2014/08/31/syrian-civil-war-thirty-two-united-nations-peacekeepers-from-the-philippines-were-evacuated-under-fire-from-the-golan-heights-border-check.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
5. [Syrian civil war:. Rebels free 21 United Nations peacekeepers who were held captive for four days. ](/news/2013/03/9/syrian-civil-war-rebels-free-21-united-nations-peacekeepers-who-were-held-captive-for-four-days.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United Nations, peacekeepers_
6. [Syrian civil war:. Three Syrian tanks have entered the demilitarized zone in the Golan Heights. Israel has launched a formal complaint to the United Nations. ](/news/2012/11/13/syrian-civil-war-three-syrian-tanks-have-entered-the-demilitarized-zone-in-the-golan-heights-israel-has-launched-a-formal-complaint-to-th.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
7. [United Nations officials announce the creation of a new team in Geneva to investigate possible war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide during the Syrian Civil War in order to prepare for future prosecutions of those responsible. ](/news/2017/02/16/united-nations-officials-announce-the-creation-of-a-new-team-in-geneva-to-investigate-possible-war-crimes-crimes-against-humanity-and-genoc.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
8. [Syrian Civil War. Russian military intervention in Syria. Russia begins to withdraw its forces from Syria, with its aircraft carrier battle group being the first to leave. The United Nations says the ceasefire is "largely holding". ](/news/2017/01/6/syrian-civil-war-russian-military-intervention-in-syria-russia-begins-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-syria-with-its-aircraft-carrier-battle.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
9. [Syrian Civil War. Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/syrian-civil-war-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ce.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
10. [Syrian civil war. The Obama administration claims that Russia was responsible for the bombing of a United Nations aid convoy near Aleppo on September 19. Russia denies its involvement. In the aftermath of the attack, the United Nations suspends all aid convoys in Syria. ](/news/2016/09/21/syrian-civil-war-the-obama-administration-claims-that-russia-was-responsible-for-the-bombing-of-a-united-nations-aid-convoy-near-aleppo-on.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
