### [2010-01-24](/news/2010/01/24/index.md)

# North Korea says any attempt by South Korea to launch pre-emptive strikes against its nuclear facilities will be considered a declaration of war. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/8477348.stm)
2. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/aponline/2010/01/24/world/AP-AS-Koreas-Tension.html)
3. [Yonhap](http://english.yonhapnews.co.kr/national/2010/01/24/78/0301000000AEN20100124000600315F.HTML)

### Related:

1. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea launches a Short-Range Ballistic missile near Wonsan towards the Sea of Japan, according to South Korea. The missile reportedly lands in Japan's exclusive economic zone (EEZ) after traveling 450 km. ](/news/2017/05/29/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-launches-a-short-range-ballistic-missile-near-wansan-towards-the-sea-of-japan-acc.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
2. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. South Korea reports North Korea fired a Pukguksong-2 intermediate-range ballistic missile that flew 500 km before landing in the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2017/05/21/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-south-korea-reports-north-korea-fired-a-pukguksong-2-intermediate-range-ballistic-missile-that.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
3. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. 2017 North Korean missile tests. U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435|mi|km reaching an altitude of more than 1245|mi|km before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60|mi|km south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-2017-north-korean-missile-tests-u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launc.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
4. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-east.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
5. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. South Korea claims that North Korea has fired several missiles from the Sohae Satellite Launching Station into the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2017/03/6/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-south-korea-claims-that-north-korea-has-fired-several-missiles-from-the-sohae-satellite-launchi.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
6. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. According to South Korean and United States officials, a missile test in North Korea ends in failure, with the missile exploding seconds after launch. ](/news/2017/03/22/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-according-to-south-korean-and-united-states-officials-a-missile-test-in-north-korea-ends-in-fa.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
7. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. South Korea claims that North Korea has fired a ballistic missile from a submarine. ](/news/2016/07/9/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-south-korea-claims-that-north-korea-has-fired-a-ballistic-missile-from-a-submarine.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
8. [South Korea-United States relations. American and South Korean military officials agree to deploy a U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) missile defense system in the country to counter North Korea's growing threats and use of ballistic missile and nuclear tests. ](/news/2016/07/8/south-korea-united-states-relations-american-and-south-korean-military-officials-agree-to-deploy-a-u-s-terminal-high-altitude-area-defen.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
9. [North Korea-South Korea relations. North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. The South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff and the United States Strategic Command report North Korea fires three ballistic missiles into the Sea of Japan. The short-range ballistic missiles flew about 500 to 600 kilometers (310 to 375 miles) before crashing in the sea, sufficient to target the southern part of South Korea where the U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system is set to be installed. ](/news/2016/07/19/north-korea-south-korea-relations-north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-the-south-korean-joint-chiefs-of-staff-and-the-united-stat.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
10. [North Korea-South Korea relations. North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. South Korea warns that North Korea could hold another nuclear test at any time. ](/news/2016/07/18/north-korea-south-korea-relations-north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-south-korea-warns-that-north-korea-could-hold-another-nucl.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
