### [2011-09-28](/news/2011/09/28/index.md)

# The United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention links an outbreak of listeriosis that has caused 13 deaths and 72 illnesses in 18 states to infected cantaloupes from Colorado. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2011/09/27/health/cantaloupe-deaths/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Five people are killed in the American state of Colorado after an Amtrak train collides with a minivan carrying six people near the town of Trinidad, Colorado. ](/news/2016/06/26/five-people-are-killed-in-the-american-state-of-colorado-after-an-amtrak-train-collides-with-a-minivan-carrying-six-people-near-the-town-of.md) _Context: Colorado_
2. [Zika virus epidemic. More than 150 prominent scientists worldwide send a letter to World Health Organization Director-General Margaret Chan calling for the postponement or relocation of the Rio de Janeiro 2016 Summer Olympics because of the widening Zika virus outbreak in Brazil, despite U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Director Tom Frieden's statement yesterday that "there is no public health reason to cancel or delay the Olympics." ](/news/2016/05/27/zika-virus-epidemic-more-than-150-prominent-scientists-worldwide-send-a-letter-to-world-health-organization-director-general-margaret-chan.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention_
3. [2015-16 Zika virus epidemic. Health officials are concerned about the spread of the Zika virus in Haiti, which suffered the worst epidemic of cholera in recent history following the deadly 2010 Haiti earthquake. The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports there are 2,214 suspected cases as of April 23. But new research indicates the virus has been present since 2014. The actual infection rate remains unknown since the poor, densely populated nation lacks routine data systems that can track and document disease outbreaks. ](/news/2016/05/23/2015-16-zika-virus-epidemic-health-officials-are-concerned-about-the-spread-of-the-zika-virus-in-haiti-which-suffered-the-worst-epidemic.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention_
4. [Zika virus outbreak (2015 - present). The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports at that least 270 pregnant women in the United States are infected with the Zika virus. ](/news/2016/05/20/zika-virus-outbreak-2015-present-the-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-reports-at-that-least-270-pregnant-women-in-the-united.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention_
5. [United States presidential election, 2016. The Colorado Republican Party continues choosing its delegates to the 2016 Republican National Convention in Cleveland. Ted Cruz has swept all of the delegates available so far. The process which began last Saturday (April 2, 2016) will conclude tomorrow. ](/news/2016/04/8/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-colorado-republican-party-continues-choosing-its-delegates-to-the-2016-republican-national-co.md) _Context: Colorado_
6. [ Zika virus outbreak (2015-present). The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports the first Zika virus related death in the United States, an elderly man in Puerto Rico. ](/news/2016/04/29/zika-virus-outbreak-2015-present-the-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-reports-the-first-zika-virus-related-death-in-the-unit.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention_
7. [The states of Oklahoma and Nebraska, having recently suffered a loss in their frontal attack on Colorado's state-legal cannabis policy, launch another litigation strategy to the same end. ](/news/2016/04/29/the-states-of-oklahoma-and-nebraska-having-recently-suffered-a-loss-in-their-frontal-attack-on-colorado-s-state-legal-cannabis-policy-laun.md) _Context: Colorado_
8. [Zika virus outbreak (2015-present). The United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention confirms that the Zika virus causes birth defects like microcephaly. ](/news/2016/04/13/zika-virus-outbreak-2015-present-the-united-states-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-confirms-that-the-zika-virus-causes-birth.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention_
9. [Zika virus outbreak (2015-present). The World Health Organization cautions pregnant women against traveling to areas where there is ongoing transmission of Zika virus, echoing earlier alerts from the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and other health agencies in areas where virus infection has been prevalent. Director General Margaret Chan says evidence strongly suggests sexual transmission is more common than previously assumed. ](/news/2016/03/8/zika-virus-outbreak-2015-present-the-world-health-organization-cautions-pregnant-women-against-traveling-to-areas-where-there-is-ongoin.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention_
10. [2015-16 North American winter. Late March 2016 North American blizzard. A powerful blizzard sweeping Denver, Colorado, forces authorities to close Denver International Airport, Interstate 70, Interstate 25 and leaves more than 100,000 people without power. The Colorado Army National Guard has been deployed to help rescue those stranded by the storm. ](/news/2016/03/23/2015-16-north-american-winter-late-march-2016-north-american-blizzard-a-powerful-blizzard-sweeping-denver-colorado-forces-authorities.md) _Context: Colorado_
