### [2011-09-28](/news/2011/09/28/index.md)

# The FBI arrests Rezwan Ferdaus, a 26-year-old American citizen, for plotting to fly remotely-controlled planes filled with explosives into The Pentagon and the United States Capitol in Washington, D.C. 

A US citizen is arrested in Boston accused of planning to bomb the Pentagon and US Capitol building, after an undercover investigation by the FBI.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-15101449)

### Related:

1. [  The Pentagon rejects a Russian proposal to stage joint airstrikes against Al-Qaeda linked groups in Syria. ](/news/2016/05/21/the-pentagon-rejects-a-russian-proposal-to-stage-joint-airstrikes-against-al-qaeda-linked-groups-in-syria.md) _Context: The Pentagon_
2. [A U.S. official announces that The Pentagon plans to transfer about a dozen inmates from the Guantanamo Bay detention camp to at least two countries that have agreed to take them, in the latest move in Barack Obama's final push to close the facility. The official declined to name the countries ready to take them in. ](/news/2016/03/31/a-u-s-official-announces-that-the-pentagon-plans-to-transfer-about-a-dozen-inmates-from-the-guantanamo-bay-detention-camp-to-at-least-two-c.md) _Context: The Pentagon_
3. [The United States Capitol in Washington, D.C. is on lockdown following reports of shots fired at the Capitol Visitor Center. The White House, in what appears to be an unrelated incident, was briefly locked down this afternoon. ](/news/2016/03/28/the-united-states-capitol-in-washington-d-c-is-on-lockdown-following-reports-of-shots-fired-at-the-capitol-visitor-center-the-white-house.md) _Context: United States Capitol_
4. [The United States Department of Justice files a motion to compel Apple Inc. to comply with a court order to help the FBI hack a phone used by an attacker in the 2015 San Bernardino attack. ](/news/2016/02/19/the-united-states-department-of-justice-files-a-motion-to-compel-apple-inc-to-comply-with-a-court-order-to-help-the-fbi-hack-a-phone-used-b.md) _Context: FBI_
5. [Russia expands its military presence in Syria with an additional airbase that can accommodate fixed-winged military aircraft. The U.S. Department of Defense also confirms that Russia added S-400 surface-to-air missiles to its Syrian stockpile and armed its military aircraft with air-to-air missiles. According to Military Times, "A Pentagon spokesman expressed concern" these moves indicate Russia's commitment to aiding the embattled Assad regime as opposed to combating ISIL. No Syrian opposition groups including ISIL have combat-ready aircraft that require air-to-air missiles. ](/news/2015/12/2/russia-expands-its-military-presence-in-syria-with-an-additional-airbase-that-can-accommodate-fixed-winged-military-aircraft-the-u-s-depar.md) _Context: The Pentagon_
6. [An FBI investigation has reportedly found that criminal networks specializing in nuclear smuggling in Eastern Europe, particularly in the nation of Moldova, have shipped radioactive material to 'Middle Eastern extremists', including the Islamic State (which in the recent past has threatened to unleash a nuclear holocaust to 'wipe the West off the face of the Earth'). ](/news/2015/10/7/an-fbi-investigation-has-reportedly-found-that-criminal-networks-specializing-in-nuclear-smuggling-in-eastern-europe-particularly-in-the-na.md) _Context: FBI_
7. [Northrop Grumman, the developer of the Air Force's current bomber, the B-2, beats out the Boeing-Lockheed Martin team and is awarded the Pentagon contract to build a fleet of stealthy planes known as the Long Range Strike Bomber (LRS-B). ](/news/2015/10/27/northrop-grumman-the-developer-of-the-air-force-s-current-bomber-the-b-2-beats-out-the-boeing-lockheed-martin-team-and-is-awarded-the-pen.md) _Context: The Pentagon_
8. [Humanitarian International Services Group, an NGO founded by evangelical Christian Kay Miramine, was part of a secret Pentagon program devised by Lt. Gen. William Boykin used to spy on North Korea, according to an investigation by the online publication ''The Intercept.'' The program, which started in 2004,  was shut down in 2012 by now-retired Admiral William McRaven, concerned with pushback if this became public. Some current and former American NGO staff with experience in North Korea have expressed doubts about key claims in the report. ](/news/2015/10/27/humanitarian-international-services-group-an-ngo-founded-by-evangelical-christian-kay-miramine-was-part-of-a-secret-pentagon-program-devis.md) _Context: The Pentagon_
9. [Russian hackers are suspected of infiltrating the U.S. Pentagon e-mail system last week. ](/news/2015/08/6/russian-hackers-are-suspected-of-infiltrating-the-u-s-pentagon-e-mail-system-last-week.md) _Context: The Pentagon_
10. [The US FBI arrests three alleged Russian Foreign Intelligence Service spies working in the United States. The three men sought secrets about US economic plans and proposed sanctions against Moscow. ](/news/2015/01/26/the-us-fbi-arrests-three-alleged-russian-foreign-intelligence-service-spies-working-in-the-united-states-the-three-men-sought-secrets-about.md) _Context: FBI_
