### [2009-01-21](/news/2009/01/21/index.md)

#  United States President Barack Obama halts the trials of detainees at Guantanamo Bay Naval Base's detention camp. 

Hours after taking office, U.S. President Barack Obama ordered military prosecutors in the Guantanamo war crimes tribunals to ask for a 120-day halt in all pending cases and a judge granted the request on Wednesday in the case against a young Canadian.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/newsOne/idUSTRE50K0S620090121)

### Related:

1. [ United States President Barack Obama will close Guantanamo Bay Naval Base's detention camp within one year and bans torture. ](/news/2009/01/22/united-states-president-barack-obama-will-close-guanta-namo-bay-naval-base-s-detention-camp-within-one-year-and-bans-torture.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Guantanamo Bay, Guantanamo Bay Detention Camp, United States, military base at Guantanamo Bay, president_
2. [ U.S. President Barack Obama will resume military tribunals for detainees at Guantanamo Bay. ](/news/2009/05/15/u-s-president-barack-obama-will-resume-military-tribunals-for-detainees-at-guanta-namo-bay.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Guantanamo Bay Detention Camp, United States, detainees, president_
3. [ The United States abandons the term "enemy combatant" for detainees at Guantanamo Bay Naval Base's detention camp. ](/news/2009/03/13/the-united-states-abandons-the-term-enemy-combatant-for-detainees-at-guanta-namo-bay-naval-base-s-detention-camp.md) _Context: Guantanamo Bay, Guantanamo Bay Detention Camp, United States, detainees, military base at Guantanamo Bay_
4. [ The United States releases Lakhdar Boumediene from Guantanamo Bay Naval Base's detention center. ](/news/2009/05/15/the-united-states-releases-lakhdar-boumediene-from-guanta-namo-bay-naval-base-s-detention-center.md) _Context: Guantanamo Bay, Guantanamo Bay Detention Camp, United States, military base at Guantanamo Bay_
5. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. President Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States, president_
6. [Philippines-United States relations. Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte tells U.S. President Barack Obama to "go to hell" after the United States refuses to sell some weapons to his country, while also acknowledging the cooperation of Russia and China. ](/news/2016/10/4/philippines-united-states-relations-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-tells-u-s-president-barack-obama-to-go-to-hell-after-the-unit.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States, president_
7. [United States-Vietnam relations. United States President Barack Obama ends the American arms embargo with Vietnam during his visit in the country. ](/news/2016/05/23/united-states-vietnam-relations-united-states-president-barack-obama-ends-the-american-arms-embargo-with-vietnam-during-his-visit-in-the.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States, president_
8. [North Korea-United States relations. President Barack Obama says the United States isn't taking North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Su-yong's proposal to halt nuclear activity seriously. Pyongyang would "have to do better than that," he added. ](/news/2016/04/24/north-korea-united-states-relations-president-barack-obama-says-the-united-states-isn-t-taking-north-korean-foreign-minister-ri-su-yong-s-p.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States, president_
9. [Gulf Cooperation Council Summit. United States President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/gulf-cooperation-council-summit-united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-unit.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States, president_
10. [A U.S. official announces that The Pentagon plans to transfer about a dozen inmates from the Guantanamo Bay detention camp to at least two countries that have agreed to take them, in the latest move in Barack Obama-s final push to close the facility. The official declined to name the countries ready to take them in. ](/news/2016/03/31/a-u-s-official-announces-that-the-pentagon-plans-to-transfer-about-a-dozen-inmates-from-the-guantanamo-bay-detention-camp-to-at-least-two-c.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Guantanamo Bay Detention Camp, United States_
