### [2007-05-4](/news/2007/05/4/index.md)

#  Major world and Middle East powers discuss the future of Iraq on the second day of an International Compact for Iraq conference in Egypt. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/6621821.stm)

### Related:

1. [Military intervention against ISIL: The United States Air Force deploys B-52 bombers to Al Udeid Air Base in Qatar to join operations against ISIL in Syria and Iraq. This is the first time they have been stationed in the Middle East since the end of the Gulf War in 1991. ](/news/2016/04/9/military-intervention-against-isil-the-united-states-air-force-deploys-b-52-bombers-to-al-udeid-air-base-in-qatar-to-join-operations-agains.md) _Context: Iraq, Middle East_
2. [Gulf Cooperation Council Summit: United States President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/gulf-cooperation-council-summit-united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-unit.md) _Context: Iraq, Middle East_
3. [More than a dozen alleged ISIS-linked, terrorist members of Rawti Shax, a European offshoot of the Iraqi Kurdish jihadist network Ansar al-Islam, are arrested in a coordinated, multi-nation sweep by police across Europe. The operation dismantled an integrated cell in Italy, the United Kingdom, Norway, Finland, Switzerland, and Germany. The group is accused of radicalizing fighters, planning attacks targeting Norwegian and British diplomats in the Middle East, and planning to establish a caliphate in Iraq's Kurdistan region. ](/news/2015/11/12/more-than-a-dozen-alleged-isis-linked-terrorist-members-of-rawti-shax-a-european-offshoot-of-the-iraqi-kurdish-jihadist-network-ansar-al-i.md) _Context: Iraq, Middle East_
4. [2015 military intervention in Yemen: A Middle Eastern coalition led by the Saudi Arabian army and Egyptian navy attacks positions in Yemen for the second successive day, resulting in at least ten deaths in Saada Governorate. Saudi Arabia declares that it will enforce a "no-fly zone". ](/news/2015/03/27/2015-military-intervention-in-yemen-a-middle-eastern-coalition-led-by-the-saudi-arabian-army-and-egyptian-navy-attacks-positions-in-yemen-f.md) _Context: Egypt, Middle East_
5. [Arab Spring: Today's Friday protests take place in Egypt, Iraq, Syria and Yemen among other places. ](/news/2011/04/8/arab-spring-today-s-friday-protests-take-place-in-egypt-iraq-syria-and-yemen-among-other-places.md) _Context: Egypt, Iraq_
6. [Three car bombs hit the Egyptian, German and Iranian embassies in the centre of the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, in quick succession, killing at least 30 people. ](/news/2010/04/4/three-car-bombs-hit-the-egyptian-german-and-iranian-embassies-in-the-centre-of-the-iraqi-capital-baghdad-in-quick-succession-killing-at.md) _Context: Egypt, Iraq_
7. [ An independent investigation into $8.2 billion in United States Department of Defense spending in Iraq, as well as aid to Egypt and Kuwait since 2001 finds that 95% of payments to contractors failed to meet requirements for documentation to determine what was paid for. ](/news/2008/05/23/an-independent-investigation-into-8-2-billion-in-united-states-department-of-defense-spending-in-iraq-as-well-as-aid-to-egypt-and-kuwait.md) _Context: Egypt, Iraq_
8. [ The United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and the United States Secretary of Defense Robert Gates travel to the Middle East to offer increased aid to allies of the United States and to seek advice on Iraq. ](/news/2007/07/30/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-and-the-united-states-secretary-of-defense-robert-gates-travel-to-the-middle-east-to.md) _Context: Iraq, Middle East_
9. [ Foreign Minister of Iran Manouchehr Mottaki confirms that Iran will attend a conference on Iraq featuring Iraq's neighbours and the permanent members of the United Nations Security Council. ](/news/2007/03/7/foreign-minister-of-iran-manouchehr-mottaki-confirms-that-iran-will-attend-a-conference-on-iraq-featuring-iraq-s-neighbours-and-the-permane.md) _Context: Iraq, Middle East_
10. [ U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney is on a trip to various countries including Oman, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Egypt and Saudi Arabia. He made a surprise stop to Iraq today. [http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20051218/ap_on_re_mi_ea/cheney_iraq (Yahoo! News)] (Link dead as of 22:48, 14 January 2007 (UTC)), [http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/L18757872.htm (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 22:48, 14 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/12/18/u-s-vice-president-dick-cheney-is-on-a-trip-to-various-countries-including-oman-afghanistan-pakistan-egypt-and-saudi-arabia-he-made-a.md) _Context: Egypt, Iraq_
