### [2007-05-4](/news/2007/05/4/index.md)

#  The Labour Party performs poorly in local and regional elections in the UK, with the Scottish National Party winning the most seats in the Scottish Parliament and the Conservatives performing well in English local government elections. 

The outcome was a sharp rebuke to Tony Blair and an embarrassing debut for Gordon Brown, a Scot who is expected to become Britain’s next prime minister.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/politics/6620905.stm)
2. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2007/05/04/world/europe/04cnd-britain.html?ex=1335931200&en=b56afca73dab8fb0&ei=5088&partner=rssnyt&emc=rss)

### Related:

1. [The UK House of Commons passes an "English votes for English laws" bill by 312 to 270 votes giving English MPs a greater say over legislation that only applies to England. The bill has been fiercely opposed by the opposition Labour Party and the Scottish National Party. ](/news/2015/10/22/the-uk-house-of-commons-passes-an-english-votes-for-english-laws-bill-by-312-to-270-votes-giving-english-mps-a-greater-say-over-legislatio.md) _Context: Britain, England, Labour, Scottish National Party_
2. [Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-conservatives-battling-in-a-tight-race.md) _Context: Britain, Conservative Party, Labour_
3. [The Labour Party wins the three by-elections held in the United Kingdom on Thursday. Steve Reed is elected in Croydon North, Andy McDonald in Middlesbrough and Sarah Champion in Rotherham. The UK Independence Party achieve second place in Middlesbrough and Rotherham, beating the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats. ](/news/2012/11/30/the-labour-party-wins-the-three-by-elections-held-in-the-united-kingdom-on-thursday-steve-reed-is-elected-in-croydon-north-andy-mcdonald-i.md) _Context: Britain, Conservative Party, Labour_
4. [ The Conservative Party gains seven county councils, the Liberal Democrats lose one, and the Labour Party loses four during the United Kingdom's local elections. ](/news/2009/06/6/the-conservative-party-gains-seven-county-councils-the-liberal-democrats-lose-one-and-the-labour-party-loses-four-during-the-united-kingd.md) _Context: Britain, Conservative Party, Labour_
5. [ Voters in England and Wales go to the polls for the United Kingdom local elections, 2008. Early results showed the opposition Conservative Party performing strongly with 44 per cent of the vote while the governing Labour Party was performing poorly with 24 per cent of the vote.](/news/2008/05/1/voters-in-england-and-wales-go-to-the-polls-for-the-united-kingdom-local-elections-2008-early-results-showed-the-opposition-conservative.md) _Context: Conservative Party, England, Labour_
6. [ British polls open in the 2005 general election. Voters will elect 645 of the 646 members of the House of Commons. Most expect Tony Blair and his Labour Party to win, but both Michael Howard and the Conservative Party along with Charles Kennedy and the Liberal Democrats are expected to make major gains in Parliament. (Wikinews) ](/news/2005/05/5/british-polls-open-in-the-2005-general-election-voters-will-elect-645-of-the-646-members-of-the-house-of-commons-most-expect-tony-blair-a.md) _Context: Britain, Conservative Party, Labour_
7. [Results from yesterday's elections show significant swings towards the Conservative Party and away from the Labour Party. ](/news/2017/05/5/results-from-yesterday-s-elections-show-significant-swings-towards-the-conservative-party-and-away-from-the-labour-party.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Labour_
8. [Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn debates with Conservative leader Theresa May. ](/news/2017/05/29/labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-debates-with-conservative-leader-theresa-may.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Labour_
9. [British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held-on-the-8th-of-june-a-two-thirds-major.md) _Context: Britain, Labour_
10. [The Met Office issues travel warnings for parts of Wales, Scotland and England as Storm Doris, described as a "weather bomb", brings gales, heavy rain and snow to the United Kingdom. At least one person is killed. ](/news/2017/02/23/the-met-office-issues-travel-warnings-for-parts-of-wales-scotland-and-england-as-storm-doris-described-as-a-aweather-bomba-brings-gal.md) _Context: Britain, England_
