### [2007-05-4](/news/2007/05/4/index.md)

#  The Prime Minister of Singapore Lee Hsien Loong visits Washington D.C. for talks with the President of the United States George W. Bush about South East Asia. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/6627361.stm)

### Related:

1. [British Prime Minister  Theresa May meets with U.S. President Donald Trump at the White House in Washington, D.C.. This is the first visit by a foreign leader since Trump's inauguration last Friday. ](/news/2017/01/27/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-meets-with-u-s-president-donald-trump-at-the-white-house-in-washington-d-c-this-is-the-first-visit-b.md) _Context: President, Washington, D.C._
2. [Venezuela recalls its charge d'affaires from its embassy in Washington, D.C. after U.S. President Barack Obama renewed a decree imposing sanctions on several top Venezuelan officials. ](/news/2016/03/10/venezuela-recalls-its-charga-c-d-affaires-from-its-embassy-in-washington-d-c-after-u-s-president-barack-obama-renewed-a-decree-imposing-sa.md) _Context: President, Washington, D.C._
3. [The George W. Bush Presidential Center in Dallas, Texas, is dedicated in the presence of President of the United States Barack Obama, former president George W. Bush and all living former presidents. The complex will be opened to the public on May 1. ](/news/2013/04/25/the-george-w-bush-presidential-center-in-dallas-texas-is-dedicated-in-the-presence-of-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-former.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President_
4. [The public portion of Barack Obama's second inauguration takes place at nation's capital in Washington, D.C., a day after he was officially sworn into office in the White House for his second term as President of the United States. ](/news/2013/01/21/the-public-portion-of-barack-obama-s-second-inauguration-takes-place-at-nation-s-capital-in-washington-d-c-a-day-after-he-was-officially.md) _Context: President, Washington, D.C._
5. [U.S. news magazine ''Time'' selects U.S. President Barack Obama as its 2012 Person of the Year, following on from his 2008 award, and those of his predecessors George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004, Bill Clinton in 1992 and 1998, George H. W. Bush in 1990, Ronald Reagan in 1980 and 1983, Jimmy Carter in 1976, Richard Nixon in 1971 and 1972 and Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 and 1967. ](/news/2012/12/19/u-s-news-magazine-time-selects-u-s-president-barack-obama-as-its-2012-person-of-the-year-following-on-from-his-2008-award-and-those.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President_
6. [The President of the United States Barack Obama and the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron meet at the White House in Washington D.C. to discuss Afghanistan, Syria, the global economy and Iran. ](/news/2012/03/14/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-and-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-meet-at-the-white-house-in-washin.md) _Context: President, Washington, D.C._
7. [Former President of the United States George W. Bush cancels a planned appearance in Switzerland; Human Rights Watch link the cancellation to growing pressure for Bush to be arrested over his approval of waterboarding torture, saying Bush is "avoiding handcuffs". ](/news/2011/02/5/former-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-cancels-a-planned-appearance-in-switzerland-human-rights-watch-link-the-cancellation-t.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President_
8. [A Saudi Arabian student is arrested in Texas for allegedly planning a terrorist attack against the Dallas home of former President of the United States George W. Bush as a target as well as New York City and dams in California and Colorado. ](/news/2011/02/24/a-saudi-arabian-student-is-arrested-in-texas-for-allegedly-planning-a-terrorist-attack-against-the-dallas-home-of-former-president-of-the-un.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President_
9. [The President of the United States Barack Obama says that a deal has been reached with the Republican Party to extend the Bush era tax cuts. ](/news/2010/12/6/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-says-that-a-deal-has-been-reached-with-the-republican-party-to-extend-the-bush-era-tax-cuts.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President_
10. [Death of Kwa Geok Choo:Kwa Geok Choo, wife of first Prime Minister of Singapore Lee Kuan Yew and mother of current prime minister Lee Hsien Loong, dies at home. ](/news/2010/10/2/death-of-kwa-geok-choo-pkwa-geok-choo-wife-of-first-prime-minister-of-singapore-lee-kuan-yew-and-mother-of-current-prime-minister-lee-hsien.md) _Context: Lee Hsien Loong, Prime Minister of Singapore_
