### [2010-10-14](/news/2010/10/14/index.md)

# A new border gate opens on the divided island of Cyprus, providing a seventh crossing point between the Turkish-controlled TRNC and the southern part of the country. 




### Source:

1. [TRT](http://www.trtenglish.com/trtworld/en/newsDetail.aspx?HaberKodu=ec504012-5fe1-4d6d-b1a8-12f61dd32740)

### Related:

1. [ Greek Cypriots dismantle the portion of the separation fence between the Republic of Cyprus and the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus in Nicosia. ](/news/2007/03/8/greek-cypriots-dismantle-the-portion-of-the-separation-fence-between-the-republic-of-cyprus-and-the-turkish-republic-of-northern-cyprus-in.md) _Context: Cyprus, TRNC_
2. [ The E.U. states that Turkey must recognize the ethnic-Greek government of E.U. member state Cyprus before it can begin negotiations for E.U. membership. Currently Turkey is the only country that recognizes the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus. ](/news/2004/12/17/the-e-u-states-that-turkey-must-recognize-the-ethnic-greek-government-of-e-u-member-state-cyprus-before-it-can-begin-negotiations-for-e-u.md) _Context: Cyprus, TRNC_
3. [ Greek and Turkish Cypriot leaders accept United Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan's plan for ending the partition of the island of Cyprus. The two sides will work under a tight timetable to agree by March 22 on reunification language that can be put to simultaneous islandwide referendums on April 21. Unless reunification is achieved, only the Greek Cypriot government will be entitled to enter the European Union on May 1.](/news/2004/02/13/greek-and-turkish-cypriot-leaders-accept-united-nations-secretary-general-kofi-annan-s-plan-for-ending-the-partition-of-the-island-of-cypru.md) _Context: Cyprus, TRNC_
4. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: Cyprus_
5. [Greek and Turkish local leaders of Cyprus resume talks to end the division of the island before a high level multilateral conference takes place in Geneva this week in the latest effort to reunify the island. ](/news/2017/01/9/greek-and-turkish-local-leaders-of-cyprus-resume-talks-to-end-the-division-of-the-island-before-a-high-level-multilateral-conference-takes-p.md) _Context: Cyprus_
6. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan vows that the Turkish Armed Forces will stay on Cyprus "in perpetuity" and that the proposal of a rotating presidency for a unified island is unacceptable, casting doubts on an eventual solution to the dispute. The remarks come as the latest round of unity talks end, with them to restart on January 18. ](/news/2017/01/13/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-vows-that-the-turkish-armed-forces-will-stay-on-cyprus-in-perpetuity-and-that-the-proposal-of-a-ro.md) _Context: Cyprus_
7. [The leaders of northern and southern Cyprus meet in Switzerland to restart talks about reuniting the island. ](/news/2016/11/7/the-leaders-of-northern-and-southern-cyprus-meet-in-switzerland-to-restart-talks-about-reuniting-the-island.md) _Context: Cyprus_
8. [A Larnaca, Cyprus, court orders that 59-year-old Seif Eddin Mustafa, who was arrested by Cypriot police yesterday, remain in local police custody for eight days to assist Cyprus's own investigation. Mustafa faces charges of hijacking, illegal possession of explosives, kidnapping, and threats to commit violence. It's unclear if Mustafa had any explosives; the bomb belt he wore was fake, and officials are waiting for testing results on unidentified liquids found among his possessions. ](/news/2016/03/30/a-larnaca-cyprus-court-orders-that-59-year-old-seif-eddin-mustafa-who-was-arrested-by-cypriot-police-yesterday-remain-in-local-police-cu.md) _Context: Cyprus_
9. [A hijacked EgyptAir flight lands in Cyprus. All hostages have been released, and the hijacker has no evident ties to any terrorist organizations. ](/news/2016/03/29/a-hijacked-egyptair-flight-lands-in-cyprus-all-hostages-have-been-released-and-the-hijacker-has-no-evident-ties-to-any-terrorist-organizat.md) _Context: Cyprus_
10. [The United Kingdom's Royal Air Force bombs Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant-controlled oil wells in eastern Syria. At least four Tornado GR4 fighter jets, operating out of RAF Akrotiri in Cyprus, were involved in raids. The Ministry of Defence said initial analysis "indicates that the strikes were successful". ](/news/2015/12/3/the-united-kingdom-s-royal-air-force-bombs-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-controlled-oil-wells-in-eastern-syria-at-least-four-tornado.md) _Context: Cyprus_
