### [2010-10-14](/news/2010/10/14/index.md)

# First liberal cabinet in the Netherlands since 1918, led by Mark Rutte, is sworn in in The Hague.




### Related:

1. [In Vijfhuizen, the Netherlands, exactly three years after the Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 (MH17) disaster, the National Memorial for the victims is opened in the presence of King Willem-Alexander, Queen Maxima and Prime Minister Mark Rutte. ](/news/2017/07/17/in-vijfhuizen-the-netherlands-exactly-three-years-after-the-malaysia-airlines-flight-17-mh17-disaster-the-national-memorial-for-the-vic.md) _Context: Mark Rutte, Netherlands_
2. [Aftermath of the Bosnian War and An appeals court in The Hague rules that Netherlands is partly to blame for the deaths of some 350 Muslim Bosnian men in the 1995 Srebrenica genocide and, in a move considered landmark, orders it to pay limited damages. ](/news/2017/06/27/aftermath-of-the-bosnian-war-and-an-appeals-court-in-the-hague-rules-that-netherlands-is-partly-to-blame-for-the-deaths-of-some-350-muslim-b.md) _Context: Netherlands, The Hague_
3. [A Filipino lawyer files a complaint of "mass murder and crimes against humanity" against Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte and eleven other officials at the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2017/04/24/a-filipino-lawyer-files-a-complaint-of-mass-murder-and-crimes-against-humanity-against-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-and-eleven-ot.md) _Context: Netherlands, The Hague_
4. [Voters in the Netherlands go to the polls for a general election. Exit polls suggest that incumbent Prime Minister Mark Rutte's People's Party for Freedom and Democracy will win the most seats in the election. ](/news/2017/03/15/voters-in-the-netherlands-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-exit-polls-suggest-that-incumbent-prime-minister-mark-rutte-s-people-s-par.md) _Context: Mark Rutte, Netherlands_
5. [Dutch general election of 2012, voters in the Netherlands elect new representation in the House of Representatives. The  final prognosis shows 41 (+10) seats for incumbent Prime Minister Mark Rutte's People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD)  and 40 seats (+10) for PvdA, Diederik Samsom's Labour Party, out of a total 150 seats. Four other parties get between 12 and 15 seats: SP 15 (0), PVV 13 (-11), CDA 13 (-8), and D66 12 (+2) The remainder, 16 seats, are divided among five more parties. The final televised debate is cancelled. ](/news/2012/09/12/dutch-general-election-of-2012-voters-in-the-netherlands-elect-new-representation-in-the-house-of-representatives-the-final-prognosis-sho.md) _Context: Mark Rutte, Netherlands_
6. [It is announced that Laurent Gbagbo, the former President of Cte d'Ivoire, has been transferred to the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands, to face trial for crimes against humanity. ](/news/2011/11/30/it-is-announced-that-laurent-gbagbo-the-former-president-of-cote-d-ivoire-has-been-transferred-to-the-international-criminal-court-in-the.md) _Context: Netherlands, The Hague_
7. [The Netherlands is held responsible for the deaths of three Bosniaks during the Srebrenica massacre in Bosnia, according to a court ruling in The Hague. ](/news/2011/07/5/the-netherlands-is-held-responsible-for-the-deaths-of-three-bosniaks-during-the-srebrenica-massacre-in-bosnia-according-to-a-court-ruling-i.md) _Context: Netherlands, The Hague_
8. [Mark Rutte of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy is asked by Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands to become Prime Minister of the Netherlands leading a coalition government. ](/news/2010/10/7/mark-rutte-of-the-people-s-party-for-freedom-and-democracy-is-asked-by-queen-beatrix-of-the-netherlands-to-become-prime-minister-of-the-neth.md) _Context: Mark Rutte, Netherlands_
9. [The trial of former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic resumes at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2010/09/27/the-trial-of-former-bosnian-serb-leader-radovan-karada3-4ia-resumes-at-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-in-the-h.md) _Context: Netherlands, The Hague_
10. [ The war crimes trial of former Liberian President Charles Taylor resumes at The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2008/01/7/the-war-crimes-trial-of-former-liberian-president-charles-taylor-resumes-at-the-hague-netherlands.md) _Context: Netherlands, The Hague_
