### [2010-10-14](/news/2010/10/14/index.md)

# The President of Peru Alan Garcia denies claims that he slapped a man who called him corrupt when he visited a Lima hospital last weekend. 

Peruvian President Alan Garcia denies slapping a man who called him corrupt during a visit to a hospital.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-latin-america-11547470)

### Related:

1. [ Thousands of people attend the state funeral of Arturo "Zambo" Cavero in Lima, Peru. President Alan Garcia posthumously awards him the Order of the Sun. ](/news/2009/10/11/thousands-of-people-attend-the-state-funeral-of-arturo-zambo-cavero-in-lima-peru-president-alan-garcaa-posthumously-awards-him-the-ord.md) _Context: Lima, President_
2. [ The President of Peru Alan Garca names Javier Velsquez as the Prime Minister of Peru. ](/news/2009/07/11/the-president-of-peru-alan-garcia-names-javier-velasquez-as-the-prime-minister-of-peru.md) _Context: Alan Garcia, President_
3. [ Survivors of the 2007 Peru earthquake flee the worst hit areas as looting intensifies. The President of Peru Alan Garca sends another 1,000 troops to the area. ](/news/2007/08/18/survivors-of-the-2007-peru-earthquake-flee-the-worst-hit-areas-as-looting-intensifies-the-president-of-peru-alan-garcia-sends-another-1-00.md) _Context: Alan Garcia, President_
4. [ 2007 Peru earthquake: The death toll from the 2007 Peru earthquake rises to 510 with another 1,500 people being injured. Aid reaches affected areas with President Alan Garca appealing for calm after reports of looting. ](/news/2007/08/17/2007-peru-earthquake-the-death-toll-from-the-2007-peru-earthquake-rises-to-510-with-another-1-500-people-being-injured-aid-reaches-affect.md) _Context: Alan Garcia, President_
5. [ Alan Garca of the APRA is re-elected President of Peru after winning a runoff with the Union for Peru's Ollanta Humala on Sunday. ](/news/2006/06/5/alan-garcia-of-the-apra-is-re-elected-president-of-peru-after-winning-a-runoff-with-the-union-for-peru-s-ollanta-humala-on-sunday.md) _Context: Alan Garcia, President_
6. [Corruption in Peru: Operation Car Wash: A court of Lima orders 18 months of pre-trial imprisonment for former president Ollanta Humala and his wife Nadine Heredia for alleged money laundering. Both have turned themselves in. ](/news/2017/07/14/corruption-in-peru-operation-car-wash-a-court-of-lima-orders-18-months-of-pre-trial-imprisonment-for-former-president-ollanta-humala-and-h.md) _Context: Lima_
7. [Peru-Venezuela relations: Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski's government creates a temporary visa for thousands of Venezuelans whose country is mired in a deep economic crisis. Visa holders will be able to study, work, and receive health services in Peru for a year. "This is part of our migratory policy that aims to build bridges not walls", says Interior Minister Carlos Basombrio. ](/news/2017/02/3/peru-venezuela-relations-peruvian-president-pedro-pablo-kuczynski-s-government-creates-a-temporary-visa-for-thousands-of-venezuelans-whos.md) _Context: President_
8. [A judge in Peru issues an arrest warrant for former President Alejandro Toledo for allegedly receiving US$20 million in bribes from Odebrecht, a Brazilian construction company, in exchange for a contract deal to build a transoceanic highway between Brazil and the Peruvian coast. Toledo denies any wrongdoing. ](/news/2017/02/10/a-judge-in-peru-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-former-president-alejandro-toledo-for-allegedly-receiving-us-20-million-in-bribes-from-odebrech.md) _Context: President_
9. [Peruvian general election, 2016: Peruvians protest in five cities, including the capital Lima, against the presidential candidacy of Keiko Fujimori, daughter of imprisoned ex-president Alberto Fujimori, who exactly 24 years ago this day carried out a coup by shutting down Congress and taking over the courts with the support of the military. Keiko Fujimori is the front runner in Sunday's April 10, 2016, election. Yesterday, Fujimori committed to respect democratic liberties and the rule of law, and to work against corruption, which some opponents have rejected. The Organization of American States says the election could lack credibility unless two recently-disqualified candidates are allowed to run. ](/news/2016/04/5/peruvian-general-election-2016-peruvians-protest-in-five-cities-including-the-capital-lima-against-the-presidential-candidacy-of-keiko-f.md) _Context: Lima_
10. [Archaeologists discover four prehistoric Ichma culture tombs in the centre of the Peruvian capital Lima. ](/news/2015/11/27/archaeologists-discover-four-prehistoric-ichma-culture-tombs-in-the-centre-of-the-peruvian-capital-lima.md) _Context: Lima_
