### [2009-05-24](/news/2009/05/24/index.md)

#  The Space Shuttle ''Atlantis'' lands at Edwards Air Force Base in California, United States, after completing the final servicing mission to the Hubble Space Telescope. 

NASA&#039;s space shuttle fleet began setting records with its first launch on April 12, 1981 and continued to set high marks of achievement and endurance through 30 years of missions.


### Source:

1. [NASA](http://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/shuttle/main/)

### Related:

1. [ The Space Shuttle ''Atlantis'' prepares to land at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida, United States. ](/news/2009/05/22/the-space-shuttle-atlantis-prepares-to-land-at-the-kennedy-space-center-in-florida-united-states.md) _Context: Space Shuttle, Space Shuttle Atlantis, United States, final servicing mission_
2. [ NASA's Space Shuttle ''Discovery'' lands at the Edwards Air Force Base in California, USA. ](/news/2009/09/11/nasa-s-space-shuttle-discovery-lands-at-the-edwards-air-force-base-in-california-usa.md) _Context: California, Edwards Air Force Base, United States_
3. [ A United States Air Force F-22 Raptor crashes near Edwards AF Base in California, killing its pilot. ](/news/2009/03/25/a-united-states-air-force-f-22-raptor-crashes-near-edwards-af-base-in-california-killing-its-pilot.md) _Context: California, Edwards Air Force Base, United States_
4. [ Space Shuttle ''Atlantis'' lands safely at Edwards Air Force Base in California after inclement weather had prevented its programmed landing at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida, ending STS-117. ](/news/2007/06/22/space-shuttle-atlantis-lands-safely-at-edwards-air-force-base-in-california-after-inclement-weather-had-prevented-its-programmed-landin.md) _Context: California, Edwards Air Force Base, Space Shuttle Atlantis_
5. [The United States test launch a Minuteman III missile from California to the Marshall Islands. ](/news/2017/04/26/the-united-states-test-launch-a-minuteman-iii-missile-from-california-to-the-marshall-islands.md) _Context: California, United States_
6. [Lake Mead in Mohave County, Arizona, the largest reservoir in the United States, drops to its lowest level in history, declining to its lowest level since it was filled in the 1930s. The reservoir serves water to the states of Arizona, Nevada and California. ](/news/2016/05/21/lake-mead-in-mohave-county-arizona-the-largest-reservoir-in-the-united-states-drops-to-its-lowest-level-in-history-declining-to-its-lowe.md) _Context: California, United States_
7. [In the United States, a Lancair IV plane crashes into a car stopped along a highway, 50 miles north of San Diego, California, killing car passenger Antoinette "Toni" Frances Isbelle, a member of the WFTDA's San Diego Starlettes roller derby team. Five others, including the pilot, are hospitalized. ](/news/2016/04/2/in-the-united-states-a-lancair-iv-plane-crashes-into-a-car-stopped-along-a-highway-50-miles-north-of-san-diego-california-killing-car-pa.md) _Context: California, United States_
8. [U.S. federal health officials are investigating an outbreak of deadly E. coli bacteria that has sickened 19 people in California, Colorado, Missouri, Montana, Utah, Virginia, and Washington. Preliminary evidence suggests that rotisserie chicken salad made and sold in Costco Wholesale stores is the likely source. This follows a totally unrelated outbreak earlier this month connected to Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants. Those restaurants have been cleaned, new ingredients ordered, and have been reopened. The Costco E. coli 157 strain, which has caused five people to be hospitalized- two of which developed hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS; which can readily lead to acute renal failure and sepsis), is more dangerous than the Chipotle E. coli 026 strain, though there have been no deaths yet. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-federal-health-officials-are-investigating-an-outbreak-of-deadly-e-coli-bacteria-that-has-sickened-19-people-in-california-colorado.md) _Context: California, United States_
9. [In the United States, the California Labor Commission ruled that a San Francisco Uber driver is a company employee, not a contractor. Uber is appealing this ruling, that would increase the company's costs and liabilities, to the state's court system. A hearing for a class certification of a similar lawsuit against Uber is scheduled for August 2015. ](/news/2015/06/17/in-the-united-states-the-california-labor-commission-ruled-that-a-san-francisco-uber-driver-is-a-company-employee-not-a-contractor-uber-i.md) _Context: California, United States_
10. [Health authorities in the United States say that 53 people in nine states have been sickened in a salmonella outbreak. California is the worst affected state with 31 cases with the other states with cases include Arizona, Illinois, Mississippi, New Mexico, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin. ](/news/2015/05/21/health-authorities-in-the-united-states-say-that-53-people-in-nine-states-have-been-sickened-in-a-salmonella-outbreak-california-is-the-wor.md) _Context: California, United States_
