### [2003-10-29](/news/2003/10/29/index.md)

#  British Conservative Party leader Iain Duncan Smith loses a vote of confidence in his parliamentary party by 90 votes to 75 and, in accordance with party rules, resigns from the leadership. A new leadership election is called. Shadow Deputy Prime Minister David Davis, previously tipped as a future leader, surprises Westminster by announcing that he will not seek the leadership and endorses former Home Secretary Michael Howard, who is now seen as the frontrunner to assume the leadership. Other leading politicians endorse Howard, once famously described by a colleague as having "something of the night about him."




### Related:

1. [Conservative Party members of parliament vote in a second ballot to choose the next leader of the party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron. The Home Secretary Theresa May secured the highest number votes with 199, while Department of Energy and Climate Change minister Andrea Leadsom received the second highest amount, with 84. The Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove received just 46 votes and is eliminated from the race, meaning a run-off contest will now take place between May and Leadsom, with the result to be announced on September 9. ](/news/2016/07/7/conservative-party-members-of-parliament-vote-in-a-second-ballot-to-choose-the-next-leader-of-the-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-minister-d.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Home Secretary_
2. [Home Secretary Theresa May gets 165 votes after the first ballot of Conservative members of parliament to select a new Leader and the next Prime Minister. Her nearest rival, Minister of State for Energy Andrea Leadsom, picked up 66 votes. Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove won 48 votes, and Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Stephen Crabb got 34 votes. Former Secretary of State for Defence Liam Fox is eliminated from consideration as he received just 16. Later, Crabb pulled out of the race and endorsed front-runner Theresa May. Fox also endorsed May. ](/news/2016/07/5/home-secretary-theresa-may-gets-165-votes-after-the-first-ballot-of-conservative-members-of-parliament-to-select-a-new-leader-and-the-next-p.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Home Secretary_
3. [The new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Theresa May begins forming her ministry following the end of the Second Cameron ministry. The former Mayor of London Boris Johnson is appointed Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, Philip Hammond is appointed as Chancellor of the Exchequer, Amber Rudd is appointed Home Secretary filling Theresa May's former position, Liam Fox is appointed as Secretary of State for International Trade and David Davis is appointed as minister for the newly created Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union. ](/news/2016/07/13/the-new-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-theresa-may-begins-forming-her-ministry-following-the-end-of-the-second-cameron-ministry-the-f.md) _Context: David Davis, Home Secretary_
4. [ David Davis, the Conservative Shadow Home Secretary resigns as the Member of Parliament for Haltemprice and Howden in order to contest the Haltemprice and Howden by-election, 2008 on civil liberties issues. ](/news/2008/06/12/david-davis-the-conservative-shadow-home-secretary-resigns-as-the-member-of-parliament-for-haltemprice-and-howden-in-order-to-contest-the.md) _Context: Conservative Party, David Davis_
5. [ In the United Kingdom, David Cameron and David Davis go through to a runoff vote of Conservative Party members after a second round of voting amongst Tory MPs in the party's leadership election. Liam Fox is eliminated. ](/news/2005/10/20/in-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-and-david-davis-go-through-to-a-runoff-vote-of-conservative-party-members-after-a-second-round-of-voti.md) _Context: Conservative Party, David Davis_
6. [ British polls open in the 2005 general election. Voters will elect 645 of the 646 members of the House of Commons. Most expect Tony Blair and his Labour Party to win, but both Michael Howard and the Conservative Party along with Charles Kennedy and the Liberal Democrats are expected to make major gains in Parliament. (Wikinews) ](/news/2005/05/5/british-polls-open-in-the-2005-general-election-voters-will-elect-645-of-the-646-members-of-the-house-of-commons-most-expect-tony-blair-a.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Michael Howard_
7. [ In the United Kingdom, Michael Howard is confirmed as the new leader of the Conservative Party.](/news/2003/11/6/in-the-united-kingdom-michael-howard-is-confirmed-as-the-new-leader-of-the-conservative-party.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Michael Howard_
8. [ In the United Kingdom, Michael Howard, new leader of the Conservative Party, announces his first Shadow Cabinet; membership is trimmed down to 12 from 26.](/news/2003/11/10/in-the-united-kingdom-michael-howard-new-leader-of-the-conservative-party-announces-his-first-shadow-cabinet-membership-is-trimmed-down.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Michael Howard_
9. [ Kenneth Clarke has ruled himself out of the contest to lead the UK Conservative Party and the field is left potentially clear for Michael Howard to be elected unopposed.](/news/2003/10/31/kenneth-clarke-has-ruled-himself-out-of-the-contest-to-lead-the-uk-conservative-party-and-the-field-is-left-potentially-clear-for-michael-h.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Michael Howard_
10. [ The UK Conservative Party's 1922 Committee announces that leader Iain Duncan Smith will face an immediate vote of confidence in his leadership on the following day, after at least 25 backbenchers formally request it.](/news/2003/10/28/the-uk-conservative-party-s-1922-committee-announces-that-leader-iain-duncan-smith-will-face-an-immediate-vote-of-confidence-in-his-leaders.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Iain Duncan Smith_
