### [2003-10-29](/news/2003/10/29/index.md)

#  Occupation of Iraq: The International Red Cross announces that it is to scale back its commitments to Iraq. Two more GIs are killed, bringing the total killed since May 1 to 115.




### Related:

1. [ Occupation of Iraq: More than 40 people are killed and over 200 are injured in a wave of coordinated bomb attacks on the Red Cross compound and several local police stations in Baghdad. George W. Bush states that the bombings are a sign of desperation by the insurgents.](/news/2003/10/27/occupation-of-iraq-more-than-40-people-are-killed-and-over-200-are-injured-in-a-wave-of-coordinated-bomb-attacks-on-the-red-cross-compound.md) _Context: Occupation of Iraq, Red Cross_
2. [The Red Cross warns that North Korea faces a "major, complex disaster" after recent floods kill scores of people and leave more than 100,000 homeless. ](/news/2016/09/13/the-red-cross-warns-that-north-korea-faces-a-major-complex-disaster-after-recent-floods-kill-scores-of-people-and-leave-more-than-100-000.md) _Context: Red Cross_
3. [The Red Cross says that at least 36 people may be dead following an attack in Mandera County in northeastern Kenya. Al-Shabaab militants are believed to be responsible. ](/news/2014/12/2/the-red-cross-says-that-at-least-36-people-may-be-dead-following-an-attack-in-mandera-county-in-northeastern-kenya-al-shabaab-militants-are.md) _Context: Red Cross_
4. [The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC), guardian of the Geneva Convention, makes a confidential legal assessment that Ukraine is officially in a war, Western diplomats and officials say, opening the door to possible war crimes prosecutions, including over the downing of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17. ](/news/2014/07/22/the-international-committee-of-the-red-cross-icrc-guardian-of-the-geneva-convention-makes-a-confidential-legal-assessment-that-ukraine-i.md) _Context: Red Cross_
5. [Israel agrees to a two hour ceasefire in Shuja'iyya neighbourhood in the Gaza Strip at the request of the Red Cross iafter a heavy firefight caused the death of more than 74 Palestinians and 13 Israel Defense Forces soldiers. ](/news/2014/07/20/israel-agrees-to-a-two-hour-ceasefire-in-shuja-iyya-neighbourhood-in-the-gaza-strip-at-the-request-of-the-red-cross-uafter-a-heavy-firefigh.md) _Context: Red Cross_
6. [The Red Cross claims that at least 300 people have died in two days of fighting in Bangui, the capital of the Central African Republic. ](/news/2013/12/6/the-red-cross-claims-that-at-least-300-people-have-died-in-two-days-of-fighting-in-bangui-the-capital-of-the-central-african-republic.md) _Context: Red Cross_
7. [Philippines: The Red Cross says that 10,000 people are confirmed dead. It reported that at least 1,000 had been killed in Tacloban and 200 in Samar province. ](/news/2013/11/9/philippines-the-red-cross-says-that-10-000-people-are-confirmed-dead-it-reported-that-at-least-1-000-had-been-killed-in-tacloban-and-200-i.md) _Context: Red Cross_
8. [The United Nations tallies the death toll to around 4,400. The Red Cross estimates that around 20,000 are still missing, many of whom are feared dead. This is contrary to a previous estimate by Benigno Aquino III, who put the death toll to a low 2,000. ](/news/2013/11/15/the-united-nations-tallies-the-death-toll-to-around-4-400-the-red-cross-estimates-that-around-20-000-are-still-missing-many-of-whom-are-fe.md) _Context: Red Cross_
9. [North Korea restores the Red Cross link with South Korea used for government-to-government communications. ](/news/2013/06/6/north-korea-restores-the-red-cross-link-with-south-korea-used-for-government-to-government-communications.md) _Context: Red Cross_
10. [The Nigerian Red Cross claims that 185 people have been killed in Borno State in the north of country over the past few days as a result of fighting between militants and government state forces. The local military claim the numbers are inflated. ](/news/2013/04/22/the-nigerian-red-cross-claims-that-185-people-have-been-killed-in-borno-state-in-the-north-of-country-over-the-past-few-days-as-a-result-of.md) _Context: Red Cross_
