### [2004-03-8](/news/2004/03/8/index.md)

#  The United Kingdom's House of Lords votes to send the Constitutional Reform Bill, which will abolish the office of Lord Chancellor, create a new Supreme Court, and create a Judicial Appointments Commission, to a select committee for scrutiny, defeating the government. Government MPs claim this is a "wrecking" move, and threaten to use the Parliament Acts 1911 and 1949 to force the measure through. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk_politics/3545959.stm)

### Related:

1. [ British Prime Minister Tony Blair reshuffles his Cabinet: the Lord Chancellor is to be replaced by a new Department for Constitutional Affairs, and Peter Hain and John Reid have new jobs, while Alan Milburn unexpectedly resigns. The government also plans to replace the House of Lords' judicial functions with a new Supreme Court.](/news/2003/06/12/british-prime-minister-tony-blair-reshuffles-his-cabinet-the-lord-chancellor-is-to-be-replaced-by-a-new-department-for-constitutional-affa.md) _Context: House of Lords, Lord Chancellor, Supreme Court of the United Kingdom_
2. [ The United Kingdom government is defeated in the House of Lords over a plan to make biometric ID cards compulsory for passport applicants. The government is to seek to overturn the defeat in the House of Commons, and has suggested that it might invoke the Parliament Acts 1911 and 1949. ](/news/2006/03/6/the-united-kingdom-government-is-defeated-in-the-house-of-lords-over-a-plan-to-make-biometric-id-cards-compulsory-for-passport-applicants.md) _Context: House of Lords, Parliament Acts 1911 and 1949_
3. [The Supreme Court of the United Kingdom rules that the Government of the United Kingdom may not begin the formal Brexit process until Parliament votes in approval of the move. ](/news/2017/01/24/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-kingdom-rules-that-the-government-of-the-united-kingdom-may-not-begin-the-formal-brexit-process-until-parlia.md) _Context: Supreme Court of the United Kingdom_
4. [Britain's Court of Appeal, reversing Monday's High Court decision, rules the Labour Party has the right to prevent up to 130,000 new members who joined less than six months ago from voting in the party's leadership contest between incumbent Jeremy Corbyn and legislator Owen Smith. An appeal to the United Kingdom Supreme Court is possible. ](/news/2016/08/12/britain-s-court-of-appeal-reversing-monday-s-high-court-decision-rules-the-labour-party-has-the-right-to-prevent-up-to-130-000-new-members.md) _Context: Supreme Court of the United Kingdom_
5. [Elizabeth Truss is named Secretary of State for Justice and first ever female Lord Chancellor of the United Kingdom as former chancellor Michael Gove is ousted from the cabinet. ](/news/2016/07/14/elizabeth-truss-is-named-secretary-of-state-for-justice-and-first-ever-female-lord-chancellor-of-the-united-kingdom-as-former-chancellor-mic.md) _Context: Lord Chancellor_
6. [Britain is reviewing the powers of the House of Lords after the unelected peers stalled legislation yesterday that would have eliminated some tax allowances for the nation's poor. Senior Conservatives say the upper chamber of Parliament stepped out of their usual roles as technical overseers of legislation. However, Conservative MP David Davis warned that such a move was "bully politics" that would "disgust" the public. ](/news/2015/10/27/britain-is-reviewing-the-powers-of-the-house-of-lords-after-the-unelected-peers-stalled-legislation-yesterday-that-would-have-eliminated-som.md) _Context: House of Lords_
7. [In the United Kingdom, the unelected House of Lords, Parliament's upper house, delays by three years reductions in tax credits paid to working people that would have cost affected families an average of GBP1,300 ($2,000) a year. This is the first major setback for George Osborne, Chancellor of the Exchequer, since the general election. Osborne said the government will "lessen" the impact of tax credit cuts for those affected, while vowing to press on with changes designed to save billions from welfare. ](/news/2015/10/26/in-the-united-kingdom-the-unelected-house-of-lords-parliamentas-upper-house-delays-by-three-years-reductions-in-tax-credits-paid-to-wor.md) _Context: House of Lords_
8. [John Sewel, Baron Sewel steps down from his position as Chairman of Committees in the House of Lords following a drug scandal. ](/news/2015/07/26/john-sewel-baron-sewel-steps-down-from-his-position-as-chairman-of-committees-in-the-house-of-lords-following-a-drug-scandal.md) _Context: House of Lords_
9. [The British Parliament's House of Lords gives final approval to a bill that earlier in February had been approved in the House of Commons, refusing to block the plan by a majority of 232, that would allow, through a modified form of in vitro fertilization (IVF), the creation of three-person babies, to treat certain mitochondrial disorders (mitochondria are parts of cells that convert nutrients into useful cellular energy to fuel vital processes), by using a very small segment of mitochondrial DNA from another woman to replace the mother's defective DNA; the U.K. is the first to authorize the still ethically controversial procedure. ](/news/2015/02/24/the-british-parliament-s-house-of-lords-gives-final-approval-to-a-bill-that-earlier-in-february-had-been-approved-in-the-house-of-commons-r.md) _Context: House of Lords_
10. [The United Kingdom's Lord Chancellor Chris Grayling tells the House of Commons that a European Court of Human Rights ruling on prisoner votes can be defied. ](/news/2012/11/22/the-united-kingdom-s-lord-chancellor-chris-grayling-tells-the-house-of-commons-that-a-european-court-of-human-rights-ruling-on-prisoner-vote.md) _Context: Lord Chancellor_
