### [2006-05-16](/news/2006/05/16/index.md)

#  A British-Ugandan team reports a substantial reduction in glacial cover atop the Rwenzori Mountains in Central Africa, attributable to increases in air temperature over the past four decades. This "Mountains of the Moon", according to 2nd Century geographer Ptolemy, is one of the sources of the Nile, and is projected in the study to disappear in two decades. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/science/nature/4987186.stm)

### Related:

1. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria: More than 1 million children have been forced out of school as a result of Boko Haram terrorism in northeastern Nigeria and its neighboring countries, which leaves the children more susceptible to violence, poverty and child marriage, Manuel Fontaine, UNICEF-s West and Central Africa regional director, said in a statement. ](/news/2015/12/22/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-more-than-1-million-children-have-been-forced-out-of-school-as-a-result-of-boko-haram-terrorism-in-northeast.md) _Context: Central Africa_
2. [Retreat of glaciers since 1850: Scientific studies confirm more than 90 percent of the world-s glaciers are retreating, and many of the smaller ones - like the alpine ice sheets of Glacier National Park in the U.S. - are rapidly disappearing. On the other side of world, at Khumbu Glacier near Mount Everest in the Himalayas, expanding ponds are merging and forming larger bodies of water. This could threaten settlements downstream if they overflow. Thawing glaciers account for about 20 percent of the sea-level rise recorded in the past century, adding to the meltwater coming from polar ice caps and ice sheets. ](/news/2015/11/27/retreat-of-glaciers-since-1850-scientific-studies-confirm-more-than-90-percent-of-the-world-s-glaciers-are-retreating-and-many-of-the-sm.md) _Context: glacier_
3. [U.S. diplomats, amid growing international concern the violence could spiral into an ethnic conflict, push for peace talks in Burundi. The European Union advises non-essential staff to evacuate the Central African nation amid rising violence and an uptick in political rhetoric. The head of the opposition UPRONA group urges the United Nations to send peacekeepers quickly. Yesterday, the UN Security Council called on the Burundi Government to protect human rights and cooperate with regional African mediators to immediately convene -an inclusive and genuine inter-Burundian dialogue- to find a peaceful resolution of the crisis. ](/news/2015/11/13/u-s-diplomats-amid-growing-international-concern-the-violence-could-spiral-into-an-ethnic-conflict-push-for-peace-talks-in-burundi-the-e.md) _Context: Central Africa_
4. [ At least 35 people are killed in a boat crash on Egypt's Nile. ](/news/2015/07/23/at-least-35-people-are-killed-in-a-boat-crash-on-egypt-s-nile.md) _Context: Nile_
5. [A Chinese scientist is reported missing on Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region's Muztagh Ata glacier after conducting research on the Tibetan Plateau. ](/news/2011/08/19/a-chinese-scientist-is-reported-missing-on-xinjiang-uyghur-autonomous-region-s-muztagh-ata-glacier-after-conducting-research-on-the-tibetan.md) _Context: glacier_
6. [Human Rights Watch accuses the northern Ugandan Lord's Resistance Army of abducting and forcing the recruitment of at least 697 people during the last year and a half across central Africa. ](/news/2010/08/12/human-rights-watch-accuses-the-northern-ugandan-lord-s-resistance-army-of-abducting-and-forcing-the-recruitment-of-at-least-697-people-durin.md) _Context: Central Africa_
7. [Ethiopia, Rwanda, Tanzania and Uganda sign an agreement to seek more water from the Nile, a move opposed by Egypt and Sudan. Kenya issues a support statement. ](/news/2010/05/14/ethiopia-rwanda-tanzania-and-uganda-sign-an-agreement-to-seek-more-water-from-the-nile-a-move-opposed-by-egypt-and-sudan-kenya-issues-a.md) _Context: Nile_
8. [A huge glacier breaks off and plunges into a lake in Peru sparking a 23-metre high tsunami wave that destroyed a nearby town. The massive chunk of ice - around the size of four football pitches - tumbled into the '513 lake' in the Andes near Carhuaz, around 200 miles north of Lima. ](/news/2010/04/13/a-huge-glacier-breaks-off-and-plunges-into-a-lake-in-peru-sparking-a-23-metre-high-tsunami-wave-that-destroyed-a-nearby-town-the-massive-ch.md) _Context: glacier_
9. [ Most of the world's major river deltas are sinking, including Colorado, Nile, Pearl, Rhone and Yangtze, increasing the flood risk faced by  a billion people, scientists report. ](/news/2009/09/21/most-of-the-world-s-major-river-deltas-are-sinking-including-colorado-nile-pearl-rhone-and-yangtze-increasing-the-flood-risk-faced-by.md) _Context: Nile_
10. [ 11 men drown when a boat sinks on the Nile near Khartoum, Sudan. ](/news/2009/08/5/11-men-drown-when-a-boat-sinks-on-the-nile-near-khartoum-sudan.md) _Context: Nile_
