### [2006-05-16](/news/2006/05/16/index.md)

#  Chadian Information Minister Hourmadji Moussa Doumgor accuses the Government of Sudan of facilitating a new alliance between the Mahamat Nour's UFDC and the defected troops of Mahamat Nouri against the Dby administration. Neither group has confirmed or denied the merger. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2006/WORLD/africa/05/16/ChadSudanRebels.reut/index.html?section=cnn_latest)

### Related:

1. [ Human Rights Watch estimates that several hundred civilians in eastern Chad have been massacred by Sudanese Janjaweed and UFDC attacks in the past week alone. HRW also accuses the Government of Sudan of using child soldiers. HRW Africa Director Peter Takirambudde refers to the attacks as "havoc," and that civilians "are trapped between the carnage in Darfur and Chad's downward spiral into chaos." ](/news/2006/06/23/human-rights-watch-estimates-that-several-hundred-civilians-in-eastern-chad-have-been-massacred-by-sudanese-janjaweed-and-ufdc-attacks-in-t.md) _Context: Chad, Sudanese cabinet, UFDC_
2. [ Chad:. FUC spokesman Albissaty Saleh Allazam announces that none of the eight organizational members that make up the Chadian rebel alliance will end attacks on the Dby administration despite the recent peace deal between ARFWS and the Government of Sudan. ](/news/2006/05/13/chad-fuc-spokesman-albissaty-saleh-allazam-announces-that-none-of-the-eight-organizational-members-that-make-up-the-chadian-rebel-allianc.md) _Context: Chad, Sudanese cabinet, UFDC_
3. [Chadian President Idriss Deby postpones the 3 April presidential election after opposition candidates threatened a boycott over irregularities. ](/news/2011/03/13/chadian-president-idriss-deby-postpones-the-3-april-presidential-election-after-opposition-candidates-threatened-a-boycott-over-irregulariti.md) _Context: Chad, Idriss Deby_
4. [ Chad orders United States' ChevronTexaco and Malaysia's Petronas out of the country for failing to meet tax obligations. Chadian president, Idriss Dby, stated that Chad, whose new national oil company was to partner with an Exxon Mobil-ChevronTexaco-Petronas consortium, will continue to work with US' Exxon Mobil while attempting to "find a solution with the two other partners." ](/news/2006/08/26/chad-orders-united-states-chevrontexaco-and-malaysia-s-petronas-out-of-the-country-for-failing-to-meet-tax-obligations-chadian-president.md) _Context: Chad, Idriss Deby_
5. [ UFDC rebels attack the Chadian city of Ade and battle the Military of Chad. Both the UFDC and the Dby administration claim to have control over the city, stating that opposing forces have fled. ](/news/2006/07/4/ufdc-rebels-attack-the-chadian-city-of-ade-and-battle-the-military-of-chad-both-the-ufdc-and-the-deby-administration-claim-to-have-control.md) _Context: Chad, UFDC_
6. [ The Government of Chad demands that the Security Council act to stop Janjaweed and UFDC incursions into Chad. ](/news/2006/06/21/the-government-of-chad-demands-that-the-security-council-act-to-stop-janjaweed-and-ufdc-incursions-into-chad.md) _Context: Chad, UFDC_
7. [ The Constitutional Council of Chad, the highest court in Chad, confirms Idriss Dby's victory in the presidential elections which took place on May 3, 2006. However, the court only gives him 64.67% of the vote, instead of his administration's claim of 77.4%. Turnout was also reduced to 53.08% instead of the previous 60%. ](/news/2006/05/30/the-constitutional-council-of-chad-the-highest-court-in-chad-confirms-idriss-deby-s-victory-in-the-presidential-elections-which-took-plac.md) _Context: Chad, Idriss Deby_
8. [ In Chad, opposition parties boycott the 2006 presidential election and voter turnout is "extremely low". Results are not due for another 10 days, but President Idriss Deby is expected to win. ](/news/2006/05/3/in-chad-opposition-parties-boycott-the-2006-presidential-election-and-voter-turnout-is-extremely-low-results-are-not-due-for-another-10.md) _Context: Chad, Idriss Deby_
9. [ Over 150 Chadian soldiers are killed in eastern Chad by members of the rebel UFDC. The growing rebel movement seeks to overthrow Chadian president Idriss Deby. ](/news/2006/03/21/over-150-chadian-soldiers-are-killed-in-eastern-chad-by-members-of-the-rebel-ufdc-the-growing-rebel-movement-seeks-to-overthrow-chadian-pr.md) _Context: Chad, Idriss Deby_
10. [ Janjaweed militants cross the Sudanese border into Chad and attack the villages of Boroto, Ade, and Moudaina, killing nine and seriously wounding three others. Chad once again warns Sudan that it will retaliate for attacks by Janjaweed and UFDC rebel attacks. ](/news/2006/01/6/janjaweed-militants-cross-the-sudanese-border-into-chad-and-attack-the-villages-of-boroto-ade-and-moudaina-killing-nine-and-seriously-wo.md) _Context: Chad, UFDC_
