### [2006-05-16](/news/2006/05/16/index.md)

#  Darfur conflict: The United Nations Security Council votes unanimously to initiate the process which would lead to a UN peacekeeping force relieving the beleaguered African Union peacekeepers in the war-torn Darfur region of Sudan. The Government of Sudan opposes the move. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/4987414.stm)
2. [VoA](http://www.voanews.com/english/2006-05-16-voa75.cfm)

### Related:

1. [ The government of Sudan rejects the United Nations' demand that the suspects of war crimes in the violence ridden western Sudanese region of Darfur would be put before the International Criminal Court in The Hague. ](/news/2005/02/17/the-government-of-sudan-rejects-the-united-nations-demand-that-the-suspects-of-war-crimes-in-the-violence-ridden-western-sudanese-region-o.md) _Context: Darfur, Darfur conflict, Sudan, Sudanese cabinet_
2. [ Darfur Conflict: The United Nations Security Council passes a resolution threatening Sudan with sanctions if it does not act to control the Arab militias accused of genocide in Darfur. The resolution passes 11&ndash;0, with the People's Republic of China, Russia, Pakistan, and Algeria abstaining. ](/news/2004/09/18/darfur-conflict-the-united-nations-security-council-passes-a-resolution-threatening-sudan-with-sanctions-if-it-does-not-act-to-control-the.md) _Context: Darfur, Darfur conflict, Sudan, United Nations Security Council_
3. [Sudan's President Omar al-Bashir could still face charges of genocide in Darfur. ](/news/2010/02/8/sudan-s-president-omar-al-bashir-could-still-face-charges-of-genocide-in-darfur.md) _Context: Darfur, Darfur conflict, Sudan_
4. [ The United Nations Security Council authorises up to 26,000 troops and soldiers being sent to the Darfur region of Sudan (United Nations African Union Mission in Darfur or UNAMID). ](/news/2007/07/31/the-united-nations-security-council-authorises-up-to-26-000-troops-and-soldiers-being-sent-to-the-darfur-region-of-sudan-united-nations-af.md) _Context: Darfur, Sudan, United Nations Security Council_
5. [ War in Chad (2005-present)/Darfur conflict: Chadian rebels have attacked the eastern town of Guereda, neighbouring Sudan's war-torn Darfur region. ](/news/2006/12/2/war-in-chad-2005apresent-darfur-conflict-chadian-rebels-have-attacked-the-eastern-town-of-gua-c-ra-c-da-neighbouring-sudan-s-war-torn-dar.md) _Context: Darfur, Darfur conflict, Sudan_
6. [ Darfur conflict: On the eve of the International Day for Darfur, British Prime Minister Tony Blair insists the government of Sudan must start to "live up to its obligations" towards the war-torn region. ](/news/2006/09/16/darfur-conflict-on-the-eve-of-the-international-day-for-darfur-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-insists-the-government-of-sudan-must-sta.md) _Context: Darfur, Darfur conflict, Sudan_
7. [ Human Rights Watch estimates that several hundred civilians in eastern Chad have been massacred by Sudanese Janjaweed and UFDC attacks in the past week alone. HRW also accuses the Government of Sudan of using child soldiers. HRW Africa Director Peter Takirambudde refers to the attacks as "havoc," and that civilians "are trapped between the carnage in Darfur and Chad's downward spiral into chaos." ](/news/2006/06/23/human-rights-watch-estimates-that-several-hundred-civilians-in-eastern-chad-have-been-massacred-by-sudanese-janjaweed-and-ufdc-attacks-in-t.md) _Context: Darfur conflict, Sudan, Sudanese cabinet_
8. [ Condoleezza Rice and the African Union request additional funds to enable the A.U.'s peacekeeping mission in Darfur, Sudan to continue. Without additional aid, the African peacekeeping force will run out of funds in four months. Violence in the region has resurged recently. ](/news/2005/12/17/condoleezza-rice-and-the-african-union-request-additional-funds-to-enable-the-a-u-s-peacekeeping-mission-in-darfur-sudan-to-continue-wit.md) _Context: Darfur, Darfur conflict, Sudan_
9. [ The first arrests are made for war crimes in Darfur, Sudan: 15 officials in South Darfur are accused of rape, murder, and other crimes related to the Darfur conflict. Whether they will be tried in a Sudanese or international court is uncertain at this time. ](/news/2005/03/28/the-first-arrests-are-made-for-war-crimes-in-darfur-sudan-15-officials-in-south-darfur-are-accused-of-rape-murder-and-other-crimes-rela.md) _Context: Darfur, Darfur conflict, Sudan_
10. [ Darfur conflict: The Sudanese government and rebel leaders sign two accords that include a no-fly zone over Darfur, disarming Janjaweed militia and informing the location of forces to cease-fire monitors. United Nations officials arrive to investigate claims of genocide. ](/news/2004/11/8/darfur-conflict-the-sudanese-government-and-rebel-leaders-sign-two-accords-that-include-a-no-fly-zone-over-darfur-disarming-janjaweed-mil.md) _Context: Darfur, Darfur conflict, Sudan_
