### [2009-11-13](/news/2009/11/13/index.md)

#  Czech Prime minister Jan Fischer deposits the Treaty of Lisbon ratification instrument at the Italian foreign ministry in Rome. 




### Source:

1. [Foreign ministry of Italy](http://www.esteri.it/MAE/EN/Sala_Stampa/AreaGiornalisti/NoteStampa/2009/11/20091111_NS_CerimoniaDeposito.htm?LANG=EN)

### Related:

1. [ Treaty of Lisbon:: Czech Prime Minister Jan Fischer says President Vaclav Klaus's disruption of the Treaty of Lisbon is harming the country's credit. ](/news/2009/10/16/treaty-of-lisbon-czech-prime-minister-jan-fischer-says-president-va-clav-klaus-s-disruption-of-the-treaty-of-lisbon-is-harming-the-countr.md) _Context: Czech Republic, Jan Fischer, Treaty of Lisbon_
2. [At the Indigenous Peoples Forum in Rome, Italy, Pope Francis says that developmental needs have to be reconciled with the protection of the particular characteristics of indigenous peoples and their territories. This is taken by some as a reference to the Standing Rock Sioux and other groups opposing the Dakota Access Pipeline. ](/news/2017/02/15/at-the-indigenous-peoples-forum-in-rome-italy-pope-francis-says-that-developmental-needs-have-to-be-reconciled-with-the-protection-of-the.md) _Context: Italian, Rome_
3. [Italian local elections, 2016: Voters in the Italian capital of Rome go to the polls for a runoff election to select a new Mayor of Rome with exit polls showing Virginia Raggi of the Five Star Movement will become the first female Mayor. ](/news/2016/06/19/italian-local-elections-2016-voters-in-the-italian-capital-of-rome-go-to-the-polls-for-a-runoff-election-to-select-a-new-mayor-of-rome-wit.md) _Context: Italian, Rome_
4. [Erasmus bus crash: Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/erasmus-bus-crash-thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-fall.md) _Context: Czech Republic, Italian_
5. [An estimated half-million Italians protest in Rome's Circus Maximus against pending legislation that would legalize same-sex unions. The legislation would extend to civil unions the same rights they would have under marriage, including adoption of children. ](/news/2016/01/30/an-estimated-half-million-italians-protest-in-rome-s-circus-maximus-against-pending-legislation-that-would-legalize-same-sex-unions-the-leg.md) _Context: Italian, Rome_
6. [One hundred thousand people march in Rome, the capital of Italy, to protest the austerity measures of the new government, demanding a new policy focus on the creation of jobs. ](/news/2013/05/18/one-hundred-thousand-people-march-in-rome-the-capital-of-italy-to-protest-the-austerity-measures-of-the-new-government-demanding-a-new-po.md) _Context: Italian, Rome_
7. [As part of the Maundy Thursday service Pope Francis washes the feet of prisoners at a juvenile detention centre in Rome, Italy. ](/news/2013/03/28/as-part-of-the-maundy-thursday-service-pope-francis-washes-the-feet-of-prisoners-at-a-juvenile-detention-centre-in-rome-italy.md) _Context: Italian, Rome_
8. [Over half a million people demonstrate in Rome, Italy, demanding same sex rights. ](/news/2011/06/11/over-half-a-million-people-demonstrate-in-rome-italy-demanding-same-sex-rights.md) _Context: Italian, Rome_
9. [2011 Libyan civil war: Members of the multi-state coalition conducting the military campaign in Libya hold talks in Rome, Italy, and agree to set up a new fund to aid Libyan rebels, with US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton promising to use frozen assets of Muammar Gaddafi's regime. ](/news/2011/05/5/2011-libyan-civil-war-members-of-the-multi-state-coalition-conducting-the-military-campaign-in-libya-hold-talks-in-rome-italy-and-agree-t.md) _Context: Italian, Rome_
10. [Two parcel bombs explode at the Swiss and Chilean embassies in central Rome, Italy. One person is seriously injured. Officials suspect that the perpetrators are from an Italian anarchist group. ](/news/2010/12/23/two-parcel-bombs-explode-at-the-swiss-and-chilean-embassies-in-central-rome-italy-one-person-is-seriously-injured-officials-suspect-that.md) _Context: Italian, Rome_
