### [2012-08-10](/news/2012/08/10/index.md)

# The South Korean Yonhap news agency reports that the President of South Korea Lee Myung-bak is considering visiting the disputed Liancourt Rocks, which are also claimed by Japan. 




### Source:

1. [Yonhap](http://english.yonhapnews.co.kr/news/2012/08/10/0200000000AEN20120810004000315.HTML)

### Related:

1. [2016 South Korean political scandal: South Korean prosecutors raid the offices of Samsung Electronics as part of a ongoing probe into President Park Geun-hye's controversial association with Choi Soon-sil. Yonhap News Agency reports prosecutors are investigating whether Samsung improperly provided financial assistance to Choi's daughter, Chung Yoo-ra. ](/news/2016/11/8/2016-south-korean-political-scandal-south-korean-prosecutors-raid-the-offices-of-samsung-electronics-as-part-of-a-ongoing-probe-into-presid.md) _Context: President of South Korea, South Korea, Yonhap_
2. [South Korea's Yonhap news agency reports that North Korea has installed an Unha rocket at its Dongchang-ri launch site. Japan is threatening to shoot down the rocket if it manages to stay airborne and threaten Japanese territory. ](/news/2012/12/3/south-korea-s-yonhap-news-agency-reports-that-north-korea-has-installed-an-unha-rocket-at-its-dongchang-ri-launch-site-japan-is-threatening.md) _Context: Japan, South Korea, Yonhap_
3. [South Korea and Japan temporarily halt some military cooperation programs in a long-running dispute over control of the Liancourt Rocks. South Korea's first fleet plans a "biannual" drill around the area from September 7 to 11. ](/news/2012/09/3/south-korea-and-japan-temporarily-halt-some-military-cooperation-programs-in-a-long-running-dispute-over-control-of-the-liancourt-rocks-sou.md) _Context: Japan, Liancourt Rocks, South Korea_
4. [The House of Representatives of Japan passes a resolution criticising the President of South Korea Lee Myung-bak's recent visit to the disputed Liancourt Rocks. ](/news/2012/08/24/the-house-of-representatives-of-japan-passes-a-resolution-criticising-the-president-of-south-korea-lee-myung-bak-s-recent-visit-to-the-dispu.md) _Context: Lee Myung-bak, Liancourt Rocks, President of South Korea_
5. [The President of South Korea, Lee Myung-bak, commences the first official visit by a South Korean leader to Myanmar since 1983, when North Korean commandos attempted to assassinate the then-President, Chun Doo-hwan, in a bomb attack. ](/news/2012/05/14/the-president-of-south-korea-lee-myung-bak-commences-the-first-official-visit-by-a-south-korean-leader-to-myanmar-since-1983-when-north-k.md) _Context: Lee Myung-bak, President of South Korea, South Korea_
6. [Japan renews a territorial claim over Liancourt Rocks (Takeshima/Dokdo), which South Korea also claims to be part of its territory. ](/news/2012/04/6/japan-renews-a-territorial-claim-over-liancourt-rocks-takeshima-dokdo-which-south-korea-also-claims-to-be-part-of-its-territory.md) _Context: Japan, Liancourt Rocks, South Korea_
7. [The President of South Korea, Lee Myung-bak, gives an address to a joint session of the United States Congress, emphasizing the importance of a recently-concluded free trade deal between South Korea and the United States, and expounding the need to improve relations with North Korea. ](/news/2011/10/13/the-president-of-south-korea-lee-myung-bak-gives-an-address-to-a-joint-session-of-the-united-states-congress-emphasizing-the-importance-o.md) _Context: Lee Myung-bak, President of South Korea, South Korea_
8. [The Prime Minister of Japan Naoto Kan, the Premier of China Wen Jiabao and the President of South Korea Lee Myung Bak meet in Japan and agree to improve cooperation on nuclear and economic issues. ](/news/2011/05/22/the-prime-minister-of-japan-naoto-kan-the-premier-of-china-wen-jiabao-and-the-president-of-south-korea-lee-myung-bak-meet-in-japan-and-agre.md) _Context: Japan, Lee Myung-bak, President of South Korea_
9. [ North Korean envoys meet the South Korean President Lee Myung-bak for the first time since he took office. ](/news/2009/08/23/north-korean-envoys-meet-the-south-korean-president-lee-myung-bak-for-the-first-time-since-he-took-office.md) _Context: Lee Myung-bak, President of South Korea, South Korea_
10. [ Lee Myung-bak, the President of South Korea, apologises to South Koreans over an unpopular decision to resume importing beef from the United States. ](/news/2008/06/19/lee-myung-bak-the-president-of-south-korea-apologises-to-south-koreans-over-an-unpopular-decision-to-resume-importing-beef-from-the-unite.md) _Context: Lee Myung-bak, President of South Korea, South Korea_
