### [2016-11-23](/news/2016/11/23/index.md)

# White supremacist Thomas Mair is found guilty of the murder of British Member of Parliament Jo Cox and is sentenced to life imprisonment with a whole life order. 

Unemployed gardener, 53, given whole-life sentence for murder of MP that judge said was inspired by white supremacism


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2016/nov/23/thomas-mair-found-guilty-of-jo-cox-murder)

### Related:

1. [Killing of Jo Cox. Thomas Mair from the town of Birstall, West Yorkshire, is charged with the murder of British MP Jo Cox. ](/news/2016/06/18/killing-of-jo-cox-thomas-mair-from-the-town-of-birstall-west-yorkshire-is-charged-with-the-murder-of-british-mp-jo-cox.md) _Context: Jo Cox, Thomas Mair_
2. [Aftermath of the Unite the Right rally. Internet firm CloudFlare ceased CDN support for the neo-Nazi, white supremacist website "The Daily Stormer", after The "Daily Stormer" claimed that the company supported their cause. "The Daily Stormer" website had already lost web-hosting services by the domain register GoDaddy and Google ](/news/2017/08/17/aftermath-of-the-unite-the-right-rally-internet-firm-cloudflare-ceased-cdn-support-for-the-neo-nazi-white-supremacist-website-the-daily-s.md) _Context: white supremacist_
3. [Aftermath of the Unite the Right rally. Several internet companies, such as domain registrar GoDaddy and video game chat application Discord, shut down services for neo-Nazi, white supremacist, alt-right website "The Daily Stormer" for violation of terms of service, and in response to this weekend's violence in Charlottesville, Virginia. ](/news/2017/08/14/aftermath-of-the-unite-the-right-rally-several-internet-companies-such-as-domain-registrar-godaddy-and-video-game-chat-application-discord.md) _Context: white supremacist_
4. [ Labour Party MP Jo Cox dies at Leeds General Infirmary after being shot and stabbed as she prepared to hold a meeting with constituents in Birstall, West Yorkshire, United Kingdom. A woman suffered serious injuries; a man was slightly wounded. West Yorkshire police have arrested a 52-year-old male suspect. ](/news/2016/06/16/labour-party-mp-jo-cox-dies-at-leeds-general-infirmary-after-being-shot-and-stabbed-as-she-prepared-to-hold-a-meeting-with-constituents-in.md) _Context: Jo Cox_
5. [Minneapolis, Minnesota (U.S.) police arrest three men suspected of involvement in Monday's shooting of five people, with non-life-threatening gunshot injuries, who had been protesting the recent police killing of Jamar Clark, a 24-year-old African-American man. Protesters, who had been told to watch out for white supremacists wearing masks or camouflage clothing, said that the shooting occurred after a group of people - three men and a woman, all wearing ski masks - were seen filming the protest. The two officers involved in Mr. Clark's shooting are on paid leave during the investigations, including one by the Justice Department's civil rights division. ](/news/2015/11/24/minneapolis-minnesota-u-s-police-arrest-three-men-suspected-of-involvement-in-monday-s-shooting-of-five-people-with-non-life-threatenin.md) _Context: white supremacist_
6. [In the United States, the hacking group Anonymous starts releasing names and information about alleged members of the Ku Klux Klan (KKK), a white-supremacist terrorist group originally founded after the Civil War by former Confederate soldiers. Prominent individuals listed deny the allegations. The group says they also infiltrated KKK-affiliated websites, and warned of more action culminating on November 24, the anniversary of the Ferguson, Missouri grand jury's decision not to indict. ](/news/2015/11/2/in-the-united-states-the-hacking-group-anonymous-starts-releasing-names-and-information-about-alleged-members-of-the-ku-klux-klan-kkk-a.md) _Context: white supremacist_
7. [The United States FBI foils an alleged plot by white supremacists in Virginia who were planning a reign of terror - shooting or bombing religious institutions, robbing jewelers and armored cars, purchasing land, stockpiling weapons, and training for the "coming race war." ](/news/2015/11/10/the-united-states-fbi-foils-an-alleged-plot-by-white-supremacists-in-virginia-who-were-planning-a-reign-of-terror-shooting-or-bombing-re.md) _Context: white supremacist_
8. [ Two Neo-Nazi white supremacists are arrested for plotting to assassinate US presidential candidate Barack Obama. ](/news/2008/10/27/two-neo-nazi-white-supremacists-are-arrested-for-plotting-to-assassinate-us-presidential-candidate-barack-obama.md) _Context: white supremacist_
