### [2016-03-13](/news/2016/03/13/index.md)

# 2016 Grand-Bassam shootings: Gunmen attack two hotels in the Ivory Coast town of Grand-Bassam. At least 15 people are reportedly killed. Witnesses claim the attackers shouted "Allahu Akbar" ("God is [the] greatest") during the gunfire. Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) claim responsibility for the attack. 

Attack on L&#039;Etoile du Sud hotel in resort popular with Westerners claimed by al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2016/03/13/africa/ivory-coast-attack/index.html?eref=edition)
2. [Daily Nation](http://www.nation.co.ke/news/africa/Al-Qaeda-affiliate-claims-Ivory-Coast-attack/-/1066/3115890/-/yht1kxz/-/index.html)
3. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/africaandindianocean/cotedivoire/12192667/Ivory-Coast-hotel-shooting-Gunmen-open-fire-and-kill-11-in-beach-resort-Grand-Bassam-latest.html)

### Related:

1. [United Nations Security Council election, 2017: Equatorial Guinea, Ivory Coast, Kuwait, Peru and Poland are elected to the United Nations Security Council for a two-year term beginning on January 1, 2018. ](/news/2017/06/2/united-nations-security-council-election-2017-equatorial-guinea-ivory-coast-kuwait-peru-and-poland-are-elected-to-the-united-nations-se.md) _Context: Ivory Coast_
2. [A trial at a court in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso, opens to try former President Blaise Compaor and members of his cabinet in absentia. Burkina Faso accuses Compaor, who is in exile in the Ivory Coast, of ordering the killing of protesters during the uprising that ousted him in 2014. ](/news/2017/05/15/a-trial-at-a-court-in-ouagadougou-burkina-faso-opens-to-try-former-president-blaise-compaore-and-members-of-his-cabinet-in-absentia-burki.md) _Context: Ivory Coast_
3. [Ivorian soldiers block access to Bouak, the second-largest city in Ivory Coast amid a dispute over pay. The town of Odienn is also reported to be under mutineer control. ](/news/2017/05/13/ivorian-soldiers-block-access-to-bouake-the-second-largest-city-in-ivory-coast-amid-a-dispute-over-pay-the-town-of-odienne-is-also-reporte.md) _Context: Ivory Coast_
4. [2017 Ivory Coast mutiny: Ivory Coast president Alassane Ouattara reaches a deal with soldiers who seized the town of Bouake in a pay protest. The soldiers are seeking bonuses, pay rises and faster promotion. ](/news/2017/01/7/2017-ivory-coast-mutiny-ivory-coast-president-alassane-ouattara-reaches-a-deal-with-soldiers-who-seized-the-town-of-bouake-in-a-pay-protest.md) _Context: Ivory Coast_
5. [2017 Ivory Coast mutiny: Republican Forces of Cote d'Ivoire soldiers launch mutinies in three cities across Ivory Coast. The Defense Minister Alain Donwahi says talks are ongoing with the soldiers, calling for all troops to return to their barracks. ](/news/2017/01/6/2017-ivory-coast-mutiny-republican-forces-of-ca-te-d-ivoire-soldiers-launch-mutinies-in-three-cities-across-ivory-coast-the-defense-minist.md) _Context: Ivory Coast_
6. [Insurgency in the Maghreb (2002-present): Boko Haram and al-Qaeda kill four security force personnel in two separate attacks in Niger. ](/news/2016/03/18/insurgency-in-the-maghreb-2002-present-boko-haram-and-al-qaeda-kill-four-security-force-personnel-in-two-separate-attacks-in-niger.md) _Context: al-Qaeda_
7. [Northern Mali conflict: Ansar Dine, a militant Islamist group linked to Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb claims responsibility for yesterday's attack on a United Nations base in Kidal, northern Mali, that killed six UN peacekeepers, all from neighboring Guinea. ](/news/2016/02/13/northern-mali-conflict-ansar-dine-a-militant-islamist-group-linked-to-al-qaeda-in-the-islamic-maghreb-claims-responsibility-for-yesterday.md) _Context: al-Qaeda_
8. [2016 Ouagadougou attacks: Burkina Faso security forces storm the Hotel Splendid which had been under attack by Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb militants. Over 126 people have been freed and at least 29 people have died. ](/news/2016/01/16/2016-ouagadougou-attacks-burkina-faso-security-forces-storm-the-hotel-splendid-which-had-been-under-attack-by-al-qaeda-in-the-islamic-maghr.md) _Context: al-Qaeda_
9. [Ivorian presidential election, 2015: Partial results from Sunday's election give Ivory Coast's President Alassane Ouattara an overwhelming lead (83.18 percent) on the way to a second five-year term. This weekend's vote was judged to be peaceful and transparent by observers, making it the first in Cote d'Ivoire-s history not to be marred by serious rights violations or irregularities. ](/news/2015/10/27/ivorian-presidential-election-2015-partial-results-from-sunday-s-election-give-ivory-coast-s-president-alassane-ouattara-an-overwhelming-l.md) _Context: Ivory Coast_
10. [Ivorian presidential election, 2015: Voters in the Ivory Coast go to the polls for a presidential election with incumbent Alassane Ouattara favoured to win. ](/news/2015/10/25/ivorian-presidential-election-2015-voters-in-the-ivory-coast-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-with-incumbent-alassane-ouattara.md) _Context: Ivory Coast_
