### [2016-03-13](/news/2016/03/13/index.md)

# Hundreds of thousands in Brazil's major cities, some estimates say more than 3 million people, protest the weak economy and political corruption, and call for President Dilma Rousseff's impeachment. 

More than one million people marched through cities across Brazil on Sunday to protest political corruption, a weak economy, and to call for the impeachment of President Dilma Rousseff, in a showing that could accelerate efforts to remove her from office.


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg Business](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-03-14/millions-join-brazil-impeachment-chorus-in-threat-to-rousseff)
2. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-03-13/brazil-protesters-assemble-as-rousseff-s-future-hangs-in-balance)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/brazil-rousseff-protests-idUSL2N16L054)

### Related:

1. [2015 protests in Brazil. Tens of thousands of Brazilians protest in cities around the country to demand that Congress impeach President Dilma Rousseff. The lower house of Congress opened impeachment proceedings on 2 December 2015. ](/news/2015/12/13/2015-protests-in-brazil-tens-of-thousands-of-brazilians-protest-in-cities-around-the-country-to-demand-that-congress-impeach-president-dilm.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff, impeach_
2. [Corruption in Brazil. Brazil's Superior Electoral Court reopens the illegal campaign funding case against President Michel Temer, who was the vice presidential candidate on former President Dilma Rousseff's ticket in 2014. Temer became president in August 2016 when Rousseff was impeached, and could be unseated if the court annuls the Rousseff-Temer election victory. ](/news/2017/06/6/corruption-in-brazil-brazil-s-superior-electoral-court-reopens-the-illegal-campaign-funding-case-against-president-michel-temer-who-was-th.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff_
3. [Corruption in Brazil. The Brazilian Supreme Federal Court releases a plea bargain testimony from JBS S.A., revealing that the company paid 500 million reais in bribes to politicians, including current President Michel Temer and his predecessors Dilma and Lula. ](/news/2017/05/19/corruption-in-brazil-the-brazilian-supreme-federal-court-releases-a-plea-bargain-testimony-from-jbs-s-a-revealing-that-the-company-paid-5.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff_
4. [Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff. Brazil's Federal Senate begins the impeachment trial of suspended President Dilma Rousseff. ](/news/2016/08/25/impeachment-process-against-dilma-rousseff-brazil-s-federal-senate-begins-the-impeachment-trial-of-suspended-president-dilma-rousseff.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff_
5. [Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff. Brazil's Federal Senate votes 59 to 21 to indict suspended President Dilma Rousseff on charges of breaking budget laws and put her on trial. ](/news/2016/08/10/impeachment-process-against-dilma-rousseff-brazil-s-federal-senate-votes-59-to-21-to-indict-suspended-president-dilma-rousseff-on-charges-o.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff_
6. [Operation Car Wash. Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff. Acting on a request from Brazil's top prosecutor, Supreme Court Justice Teori Zavascki suspends President of the Deputies Chamber Eduardo Cunha for obstructing the Petrobras corruption investigation. The full court confirms this action, Cunha is eliminated from the line of succession to President Dilma Rousseff, who may be suspended from office next week. ](/news/2016/05/5/operation-car-wash-impeachment-process-against-dilma-rousseff-acting-on-a-request-from-brazil-s-top-prosecutor-supreme-court-justice-teor.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff_
7. [Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff. The Federal Senate of Brazil debates whether to suspend and impeach President Dilma Rousseff for allegedly breaching budget rules. The President's allies are not optimistic about the Senate vote. ](/news/2016/05/11/impeachment-process-against-dilma-rousseff-the-federal-senate-of-brazil-debates-whether-to-suspend-and-impeach-president-dilma-rousseff-for.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff_
8. [2015-16 protests in Brazil. Marco Aurelio Mello, a Supreme Federal Court judge orders Brazil's Chamber of Deputies to start impeachment proceedings against Vice President Michel Temer over charges he helped doctor budget accounting as part of President Dilma Rousseff's administration. ](/news/2016/04/5/2015-16-protests-in-brazil-marco-aura-c-lio-mello-a-supreme-federal-court-judge-orders-brazil-s-chamber-of-deputies-to-start-impeachment-p.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff_
9. [Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff. The Supreme Federal Court of Brazil rejects a bid by the Attorney General to suspend a vote in the parliament to begin impeachment procedures against the President Dilma Rousseff. ](/news/2016/04/15/impeachment-process-against-dilma-rousseff-the-supreme-federal-court-of-brazil-rejects-a-bid-by-the-attorney-general-to-suspend-a-vote-in-t.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff_
10. [2015-16 protests in Brazil. Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff. A committee of Brazil's Chamber of Deputies votes 38-27 to recommend the impeachment of President Dilma Rousseff, who faces charges of breaking budget laws to support her re-election in 2014. ](/news/2016/04/11/2015-16-protests-in-brazil-impeachment-process-against-dilma-rousseff-a-committee-of-brazil-s-chamber-of-deputies-votes-38-27-to-recomme.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff_
