### [2016-03-13](/news/2016/03/13/index.md)

# Malaysia bans the recruitment of foreign workers after protests over plans to recruit 1.5 million people from Bangladesh. 

Malaysia banned the recruitment of new foreign workers after widespread criticism of its decision to bring in 1.5 million Bangladeshis to work in the country.


### Source:

1. [Economic Times](http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/international/world-news/malaysia-bans-recruitment-of-foreign-workers/articleshow/51374006.cms)

### Related:

1. [Malaysia turns away two boats with more than 800 Rohingya and Bangladesh migrants abandoned at sea by human traffickers. ](/news/2015/05/14/malaysia-turns-away-two-boats-with-more-than-800-rohingya-and-bangladesh-migrants-abandoned-at-sea-by-human-traffickers.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Malaysia_
2. [Malaysia detains over a thousand Bangladeshi and Rohingya people asylum seekers who arrived by boat on Monday. The Indonesian Navy confirms that it had turned the boats away. ](/news/2015/05/11/malaysia-detains-over-a-thousand-bangladeshi-and-rohingya-people-asylum-seekers-who-arrived-by-boat-on-monday-the-indonesian-navy-confirms.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Malaysia_
3. [August 2017 Nepal and India floods. Flooding in South Asia has displaced tens of thousands of people and resulted in an estimated 500 deaths across India, Bangladesh, and Nepal. ](/news/2017/08/18/august-2017-nepal-and-india-floods-flooding-in-south-asia-has-displaced-tens-of-thousands-of-people-and-resulted-in-an-estimated-500-deaths.md) _Context: Bangladesh_
4. [A garment factory boiler explosion in Dhaka, Bangladesh, kills 10 people and injures dozens. ](/news/2017/07/4/a-garment-factory-boiler-explosion-in-dhaka-bangladesh-kills-10-people-and-injures-dozens.md) _Context: Bangladesh_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. 2017 Temple Mount crisis. Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.. Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey. Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.. 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.. United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.. Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-. ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Malaysia_
6. [Piracy in the Sulu Sea. Indonesia, Malaysia and the Philippines begin joint patrols in the pirate havens within the Celebes and Sulu Seas. ](/news/2017/06/19/piracy-in-the-sulu-sea-indonesia-malaysia-and-the-philippines-begin-joint-patrols-in-the-pirate-havens-within-the-celebes-and-sulu-seas.md) _Context: Malaysia_
7. [2017 Bangladesh landslide. At least 134 people are dead and dozens are missing in landslides caused by days of heavy monsoonal rain in Bangladesh. ](/news/2017/06/13/2017-bangladesh-landslide-at-least-134-people-are-dead-and-dozens-are-missing-in-landslides-caused-by-days-of-heavy-monsoonal-rain-in-bangl.md) _Context: Bangladesh_
8. [2017 North Indian Ocean cyclone season. More than 300,000 people are evacuated in Bangladesh as Cyclone Mora approaches. ](/news/2017/05/30/2017-north-indian-ocean-cyclone-season-more-than-300-000-people-are-evacuated-in-bangladesh-as-cyclone-mora-approaches.md) _Context: Bangladesh_
9. [Malaysia-North Korea relations. North Korea temporarily bans all Malaysian nationals (estimated to be at least 11 people including embassy employees) from leaving the country amid a growing dispute between the two countries over the death of Kim Jong-nam, the half-brother of Kim Jong-un. Malaysian official Khairy Jamaluddin calls the move "tantamount to taking hostages". ](/news/2017/03/7/malaysia-north-korea-relations-north-korea-temporarily-bans-all-malaysian-nationals-estimated-to-be-at-least-11-people-including-embassy.md) _Context: Malaysia_
10. [Malaysia-North Korea relations. Malaysia expels Kang Chol, North Korea's ambassador, after he criticised the former's investigation into the death of Kim Jong-nam. ](/news/2017/03/4/malaysia-north-korea-relations-malaysia-expels-kang-chol-north-korea-s-ambassador-after-he-criticised-the-former-s-investigation-into-t.md) _Context: Malaysia_
