### [2016-03-13](/news/2016/03/13/index.md)

# Regional elections take place in the German states of Baden-Wurttemberg, Rhineland-Palatinate and Saxony-Anhalt with the governing Christian Democratic Union performing poorly, the centre-left Social Democratic Party of Germany winning in Rhineland-Palatinate, and the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany performing well in all three states. 

The party of German Chancellor Angela Merkel suffers defeats in two of three states holding regional elections, exit polls suggest.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-35796831)
2. [AP via ''International Business Times](http://www.ibtimes.com/german-state-elections-results-2016-angela-merkels-christian-democrats-brace-refugee-2335502)

### Related:

1. [German Chancellor Angela Merkel defends her stance regarding the European migrant crisis despite her party losing in the key election. ](/news/2016/09/6/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-defends-her-stance-regarding-the-european-migrant-crisis-despite-her-party-losing-in-the-key-election.md) _Context: Germany, her party_
2. [Voters in the federal German state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern head to the polls in a regional election to elect members to the Landtag of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern. The latest polling indicates the anti-immigration Alternative for Germany (AfD) are expected to gain strongly. ](/news/2016/09/4/voters-in-the-federal-german-state-of-mecklenburg-vorpommern-head-to-the-polls-in-a-regional-election-to-elect-members-to-the-landtag-of-mec.md) _Context: Alternative for Germany, Germany_
3. [Voters head to the polls in Berlin, Germany, to elect members to the Abgeordnetenhaus of Berlin. Latest polling indicates the anti-immigration Alternative for Germany (AfD) are expected to make strong gains. ](/news/2016/09/18/voters-head-to-the-polls-in-berlin-germany-to-elect-members-to-the-abgeordnetenhaus-of-berlin-latest-polling-indicates-the-anti-immigrati.md) _Context: Alternative for Germany, Germany_
4. [Police in Stuttgart, Germany, arrest at least 400 left-wing demonstrators after they attempted to stop a conference by the Alternative for Germany from being held. The protest grew violent when they began to throw stones and use fireworks against the police. ](/news/2016/04/30/police-in-stuttgart-germany-arrest-at-least-400-left-wing-demonstrators-after-they-attempted-to-stop-a-conference-by-the-alternative-for-g.md) _Context: Alternative for Germany, Germany_
5. [On the eve of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) party's convention in Karlsruhe, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel says, "We want to noticeably reduce the number of people who come to us, but not through unilateral national measures alone."   She acknowledges the crisis could overwhelm Germany if it went on much longer. Merkel  warded off pressure from immigration skeptics within the CDU to include a quota in the refugee policy motion the convention will  vote on.  ](/news/2015/12/13/on-the-eve-of-the-christian-democratic-union-cdu-party-s-convention-in-karlsruhe-chancellor-of-germany-angela-merkel-says-we-want-to-no.md) _Context: Germany, her party_
6. [Voters in the German city state of Hamburg go to the polls with the governing Social Democratic Party of Germany led by Olaf Scholz retaining power. ](/news/2015/02/15/voters-in-the-german-city-state-of-hamburg-go-to-the-polls-with-the-governing-social-democratic-party-of-germany-led-by-olaf-scholz-retainin.md) _Context: Germany, Social Democratic Party of Germany_
7. [Voters in the German state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern go to the polls for a state election with the Social Democrats and Greens performing well and the Christian Democrats and Free Democrats performing poorly. ](/news/2011/09/4/voters-in-the-german-state-of-mecklenburg-vorpommern-go-to-the-polls-for-a-state-election-with-the-social-democrats-and-greens-performing-we.md) _Context: Social Democratic Party of Germany, her party_
8. [ Germany: Conferences of the CDU, CSU and SPD approve a coalition deal that will see Angela Merkel become Chancellor on November 22. ](/news/2005/11/14/germany-conferences-of-the-cdu-csu-and-spd-approve-a-coalition-deal-that-will-see-angela-merkel-become-chancellor-on-november-22.md) _Context: Germany, Social Democratic Party of Germany_
9. [ In Germany, Social Democratic Party chairman Franz Mntefering announces his intention to retire after the party convention on November 14. The decision came after his candidate for Secretary General of the SPD, Kajo Wasserhvel, lost to left-wing candidate Andrea Nahles. ](/news/2005/10/31/in-germany-social-democratic-party-chairman-franz-muntefering-announces-his-intention-to-retire-after-the-party-convention-on-november-14.md) _Context: Germany, Social Democratic Party of Germany_
10. [ Federal elections are held in Germany. Provisional results give the CDU/CSU 35.2% of the vote and 225 seats, the SPD 34.3% and 222 seats, FDP 9.8% and 61 seats, the Left Party 8.7% and 54 seats, and the Green party 8.1% and 51 seats. There is likely to be several weeks of horse trading to form a workable coalition. ](/news/2005/09/18/federal-elections-are-held-in-germany-provisional-results-give-the-cdu-csu-35-2-of-the-vote-and-225-seats-the-spd-34-3-and-222-seats-f.md) _Context: Germany, Social Democratic Party of Germany_
