### [2016-03-13](/news/2016/03/13/index.md)

# The Palestinian Ministry of Foreign Affairs says Israel prevented Indonesian Foreign Minister Retno Marsudi from entering the West Bank to meet with Palestinian officials. The Israeli spokesman would not comment. Israel and Indonesia do not have formal diplomatic relations. 

Israel today refused to allow Indonesian Foreign Minister Retno Marsudi to visit the occupied West Bank, where she was to hold talks with Palestinian leaders, the Palestinian foreign ministry said. Israeli authorities control access to the West


### Source:

1. [AFP via ''Business Standard](http://www.business-standard.com/article/pti-stories/israel-stops-indonesian-minister-west-bank-visit-palestinians-116031300743_1.html)
2. [AP via ''The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/national/palestinians-israel-denies-indonesian-fm-entry-to-west-bank/2016/03/13/ac98a92c-e950-11e5-a9ce-681055c7a05f_story.html)

### Related:

1. [The Palestinian National Authority threatens to revoke its recognition of Israel (guaranteed by their signing of the Oslo I Accord in 1993) if the United States, under the presidency of Donald Trump, moves its Embassy in Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/01/10/the-palestinian-national-authority-threatens-to-revoke-its-recognition-of-israel-guaranteed-by-their-signing-of-the-oslo-i-accord-in-1993.md) _Context: Israel, Israel-Palestine relations, Palestinian National Authority_
2. [Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas tells that peace negotiations will not continue until Israel makes a new settlement freeze on the West Bank, ending the current Israel-Palestine peace negotiations after just one month, though maintaining contacts with the United States. ](/news/2010/10/2/palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-tells-that-peace-negotiations-will-not-continue-until-israel-makes-a-new-settlement-freeze-on-the-west-b.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian National Authority, West Bank_
3. [The body of a Palestinian teenager said to have been shot dead by Jewish settlers is found. He is the first to die since Israel and the Palestinian National Authority began indirect peace talks on Saturday. In a retaliation shooting, the Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades claims responsibility for firing on a car of Jewish civilians in the West Bank. ](/news/2010/05/14/the-body-of-a-palestinian-teenager-said-to-have-been-shot-dead-by-jewish-settlers-is-found-he-is-the-first-to-die-since-israel-and-the-pale.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian National Authority, West Bank_
4. [ 2007 Israel-Gaza conflict: Israeli soldiers arrest 33 Hamas figures in Nablus, West Bank, including one cabinet member, Palestinian Education Minister Naser al-Shaer. ](/news/2007/05/24/2007-israel-gaza-conflict-p-israeli-soldiers-arrest-33-hamas-figures-in-nablus-west-bank-including-one-cabinet-member-palestinian-educat.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian National Authority, West Bank_
5. [The World Court says it will hear legal arguments about Israel's construction of a controversial barrier in the West Bank to separate Israeli and Palestinian areas. The hearings will begin on 23 February 2004. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3336229.stm]](/news/2003/12/20/the-world-court-says-it-will-hear-legal-arguments-about-israel-s-construction-of-a-controversial-barrier-in-the-west-bank-to-separate-israel.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian National Authority, West Bank_
6. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Indonesia, Israel_
7. [An Israeli soldier is killed during a car ramming attack near Ofra, in the West Bank. Another Israeli soldier was injured. A Palestinian suspected of committing the attack is taken into custody. ](/news/2017/04/6/an-israeli-soldier-is-killed-during-a-car-ramming-attack-near-ofra-in-the-west-bank-another-israeli-soldier-was-injured-a-palestinian-sus.md) _Context: Israel, West Bank_
8. [Israel passes the Regulation Law which retroactively legalizes 4,000 housing units in 16 settlements on Area C West Bank occupied Palestinian territories. ](/news/2017/02/6/israel-passes-the-regulation-law-which-retroactively-legalizes-4-000-housing-units-in-16-settlements-on-area-c-west-bank-occupied-palestinia.md) _Context: Israel, West Bank_
9. [The White House cautions Israel that building new settlements  or expanding existing settlements in  the West Bank, "... may not be helpful in achieving (peace)." ](/news/2017/02/2/the-white-house-cautions-israel-that-building-new-settlements-or-expanding-existing-settlements-in-the-west-bank-may-not-be-helpful.md) _Context: Israel, West Bank_
10. [Israeli security forces begin evicting people from the illegal Amona, Mateh Binyamin, outpost built on private Palestinian-owned land near Ramallah in the central West Bank. The Supreme Court ordered residents to leave the area last year. ](/news/2017/02/1/israeli-security-forces-begin-evicting-people-from-the-illegal-amona-mateh-binyamin-outpost-built-on-private-palestinian-owned-land-near-r.md) _Context: Israel, West Bank_
