### [2017-04-20](/news/2017/04/20/index.md)

# Bongbong Marcos asks the Philippine Supreme Court to dismiss a counter-protest by current vice president Leni Robredo regarding her narrow victory in last year's national elections. 

(UPDATED) Lawyers of defeated vice presidential candidate Bongbong Marcos stress that Vice President Leni Robredo failed to pay the fee required by the Supreme Court for the recount of ballots 


### Source:

1. [Rappler](http://www.rappler.com/nation/167429-bongbong-marcos-dismiss-robredo-counter-protest)

### Related:

1. [Bongbong Marcos pays [?]36 million, half of the required amount to hold a recount against Philippine vice president Leni Robredo.](/news/2017/04/17/bongbong-marcos-pays-a-36-million-half-of-the-required-amount-to-hold-a-recount-against-philippine-vice-president-leni-robredo.md) _Context: Bongbong Marcos, Leni Robredo, Philippine presidential election, 2016, Vice President of the Philippines_
2. [The Supreme Court of the Philippines allows the electoral protest of defeated candidate Bongbong Marcos against Philippine vice president Leni Robredo to continue. ](/news/2017/02/16/the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-allows-the-electoral-protest-of-defeated-candidate-bongbong-marcos-against-philippine-vice-president-le.md) _Context: Bongbong Marcos, Leni Robredo, Philippine presidential election, 2016, Supreme Court of the Philippines_
3. [ The Congress of the Philippines proclaims Rodrigo Duterte and Leni Robredo as President-elect and Vice President-elect of the Philippines, respectively. ](/news/2016/05/30/the-congress-of-the-philippines-proclaims-rodrigo-duterte-and-leni-robredo-as-president-elect-and-vice-president-elect-of-the-philippines.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, Philippine presidential election, 2016, Vice President of the Philippines_
4. [Rodrigo Duterte is officially elected as President and Leni Robredo as Vice President. ](/news/2016/05/27/rodrigo-duterte-is-officially-elected-as-president-and-leni-robredo-as-vice-president.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, Philippine presidential election, 2016, Vice President of the Philippines_
5. [Rodrigo Duterte continues to lead in the presidential race, while Leni Robredo leads Bongbong Marcos by a small margin in the vice presidential race. ](/news/2016/05/10/rodrigo-duterte-continues-to-lead-in-the-presidential-race-while-leni-robredo-leads-bongbong-marcos-by-a-small-margin-in-the-vice-president.md) _Context: Bongbong Marcos, Leni Robredo, Philippine presidential election, 2016_
6. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte threatens the "Philippine Daily Inquirer" with an expose. The newspaper has been a long-time ally of the politically prominent Aquino family (ever since the 1986 EDSA People Power Revolution), as well as the minority opposition Liberal Party (of which the Vice President of the Philippines Leni Robredo is its prominent member); both have been consistent in their criticisms of the Duterty presidency and its policies since its inauguration in 2016. ](/news/2017/07/1/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-threatens-the-philippine-daily-inquirer-with-an-exposa-c-the-newspaper-has-been-a-long-time-a.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, Vice President of the Philippines_
7. [Philippine vice president Leni Robredo faces an impeachment charge before the House of Representatives for condemning the country's war on drugs at the United Nations. ](/news/2017/05/2/philippine-vice-president-leni-robredo-faces-an-impeachment-charge-before-the-house-of-representatives-for-condemning-the-country-s-war-on-d.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, Vice President of the Philippines_
8. [Philippines Vice President Leni Robredo resigns her Cabinet post as housing secretary due to major differences in principles and values. Robredo says she is staying on in her elected position as vice president. ](/news/2016/12/4/philippines-vice-president-leni-robredo-resigns-her-cabinet-post-as-housing-secretary-due-to-major-differences-in-principles-and-values-rob.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, Vice President of the Philippines_
9. [Rodrigo Duterte is inaugurated as President of the Philippines and Leni Robredo as Vice President. ](/news/2016/06/30/rodrigo-duterte-is-inaugurated-as-president-of-the-philippines-and-leni-robredo-as-vice-president.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, Vice President of the Philippines_
10. [The influential Christian sect Iglesia ni Cristo endorses Grace Poe for president and Bongbong Marcos for vice president. ](/news/2016/04/30/the-influential-christian-sect-iglesia-ni-cristo-endorses-grace-poe-for-president-and-bongbong-marcos-for-vice-president.md) _Context: Bongbong Marcos, Philippine presidential election, 2016_
