### [2017-04-20](/news/2017/04/20/index.md)

# One policeman has been killed and another has been critically injured after a man opened fire at police officers at the Champs-Elysees in central Paris. The gunman was killed while attempting to escape, and a bystander has been injured. ISIL claims responsibility for the attack although the claim is doubted. The President of France Francois Hollande says that all leads indicate that the attack was of a "terrorist nature". 

ISIS claimed responsibility for an attack on police officers on the Champs-Élysées in Paris this evening that left one officer dead and two others wounded. French Interior Ministry spokesman Pierre-Henri Brandet said during a press briefing that a man exited his car and started a shooting at a police car with an automatic weapon around 9 p.m. The attacker continued shooting at police as he attempted to flee the scene and and was killed by police in an exchange of gunfire, Brandet said. A terrorism investigation into the attack had been opened, the Paris prosecutor&#039;s office said.


### Source:

1. [ABC News America via Yahoo!](https://gma.yahoo.com/officer-dead-champs-lys-es-paris-shooting-officials-220012384--abc-news-topstories.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-39662315)
3. [Le Parisien](http://www.leparisien.fr/faits-divers/attentat-sur-les-champs-elysees-questions-autour-de-la-revendication-de-daech-21-04-2017-6873153.php)
4. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/04/20/world/europe/paris-champs-elysees-shooting.html?hp&_r=0)
4. [Cover Image](https://s.yimg.com/bt/api/res/1.2/SJWPNW0PRDc1jF0QC_tELQ--/YXBwaWQ9eW5ld3NfbGVnbztxPTc1O3c9NjAw/http://media.zenfs.com/en-US/video/video.abcnewsplus.com/05bc81dac836a055cb4ab10e7df593b8.cf.png)

### Related:

1. [A car carrying firearms and gas bottles deliberately rammed a police vehicle on the Champs-Elysees in Paris, France, subsequently bursting into flames. The driver, who was on a security watchlist, was shot dead. ](/news/2017/06/19/a-car-carrying-firearms-and-gas-bottles-deliberately-rammed-a-police-vehicle-on-the-champs-alysa-c-es-in-paris-france-subsequently-bursting.md) _Context: Champs-Elysees, Paris_
2. [Yesterday's terrorist attack in Paris disrupts campaigning for the elections. ](/news/2017/04/21/yesterday-s-terrorist-attack-in-paris-disrupts-campaigning-for-the-elections.md) _Context: Paris, terrorist attack_
3. [French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius announces his resignation. President Francois Hollande says he will nominate Fabius to lead the country's Constitutional Council. ](/news/2016/02/10/french-foreign-minister-laurent-fabius-announces-his-resignation-president-francois-hollande-says-he-will-nominate-fabius-to-lead-the-count.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, President of France_
4. [With most of the votes counted, the opposition conservatives of former president Nicolas Sarkozy's party win in six of the country's 13 regions and lead in the Paris region. The ruling Socialists of President Francois Hollande's party capture five regions. The winner in Corsica is not affiliated with a major party. France's far-right National Front (FN) fails to win a single region but did record its best showing in its history. Voter turnout was 58 percent. Definitive results are expected Monday. ](/news/2015/12/13/with-most-of-the-votes-counted-the-opposition-conservatives-of-former-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-party-win-in-six-of-the-countryas-13-re.md) _Context: Paris, President of France_
5. [French government and Socialist Party admit major defeat following the The President of France Franois Hollande appoints Manuel Valls, previously Minister of the Interior, as the new Prime Minister. He replaces Jean-Marc Ayrault. ](/news/2014/03/31/french-government-and-socialist-party-admit-major-defeat-following-the-the-president-of-france-francois-hollande-appoints-manuel-valls-prev.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, President of France_
6. [Voters in France go to the polls for the second round of the French presidential election, with Franois Hollande elected President. ](/news/2012/05/6/voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-the-french-presidential-election-with-francois-hollande-elected-president.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, President of France_
7. [The President of France, Franois Hollande, makes a surprise visit to Afghanistan to visit French troops. ](/news/2012/05/25/the-president-of-france-francois-hollande-makes-a-surprise-visit-to-afghanistan-to-visit-french-troops.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, President of France_
8. [Franois Hollande defeats Martine Aubry in a primary runoff election held by the French Socialist Party, becoming the party's official candidate to challenge incumbent President of France Nicolas Sarkozy in the 2012 presidential election. ](/news/2011/10/16/francois-hollande-defeats-martine-aubry-in-a-primary-runoff-election-held-by-the-french-socialist-party-becoming-the-party-s-official-candi.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, President of France_
9. [Former President of France Jacques Chirac faces charges that related to alleged use of Paris city government resources to benefit his Rally for the Republic party while serving as Mayor of Paris. ](/news/2011/03/7/former-president-of-france-jacques-chirac-faces-charges-that-related-to-alleged-use-of-paris-city-government-resources-to-benefit-his-rally.md) _Context: Paris, President of France_
10. [President Nicolas Sarkozy defends his plans to sell up to four French warships to Russia, despite concerns raised by his Georgian counterpart Mikheil Saakashvili during talks taking place a few days before a visit to Paris of Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2010/06/9/president-nicolas-sarkozy-defends-his-plans-to-sell-up-to-four-french-warships-to-russia-despite-concerns-raised-by-his-georgian-counterpar.md) _Context: Paris, President of France_
