### [2017-04-20](/news/2017/04/20/index.md)

# The Government of India revokes the Public Health Foundation of India's registration, allegedly for foreign-funded lobbying practices. 

The government has revoked the registration of Public Health Foundation of India (PHFI), an NGO funded by Bill &amp; Melinda Gates Foundation, under the Foreign Contributions (Regulation) Act over alleged misuse of foreign funds for anti-tobacco lobbying, in violation of FCRA norms.


### Source:

1. [Times of India](http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/mha-says-phfi-violated-law-by-lobbying-mps-media-on-tobacco-control/articleshow/58271359.cms)

### Related:

1. [The Editors Guild of India protests the Indian Government's order to shut down Hindi news channel NDTV India for 24 hours alleging the channel's coverage of January-s deadly attack on Pathankot air base revealed sensitive military secrets. NDTV denies the charges, and says it will challenge this unprecedented order. ](/news/2016/11/4/the-editors-guild-of-india-protests-the-indian-government-s-order-to-shut-down-hindi-news-channel-ndtv-india-for-24-hours-alleging-the-chann.md) _Context: Government of India_
2. [Jat reservation agitation: Jat protesters reach an agreement with the Indian government on increased reservations similar to those authorized for economically disadvantaged lower castes. Authorities say at least 19 people have been killed in the three-day demonstrations. Protest leaders call for reopening blockaded roads in the northern state of Haryana. Water restrictions, implemented after protesters damaged the water station's New Dehli feed, remain in effect while engineers repair the equipment. ](/news/2016/02/22/jat-reservation-agitation-jat-protesters-reach-an-agreement-with-the-indian-government-on-increased-reservations-similar-to-those-authorize.md) _Context: Government of India_
3. [The Government of India deploys the Army to the state of Gujarat after two days of caste-related violence results in seven deaths. ](/news/2015/08/27/the-government-of-india-deploys-the-army-to-the-state-of-gujarat-after-two-days-of-caste-related-violence-results-in-seven-deaths.md) _Context: Government of India_
4. [The Government of India approves the construction of seven stealth frigates and six nuclear submarines for the Indian Navy. ](/news/2015/02/18/the-government-of-india-approves-the-construction-of-seven-stealth-frigates-and-six-nuclear-submarines-for-the-indian-navy.md) _Context: Government of India_
5. [The International Olympic Committee suspends India's national Olympic committee because of government interference in its election process. India's athletes will be barred from competing in Olympic events under their national flag, although the IOC could allow them to do so under the Olympic flag. ](/news/2012/12/4/the-international-olympic-committee-suspends-india-s-national-olympic-committee-because-of-government-interference-in-its-election-process.md) _Context: Government of India_
6. [Computer security firm McAfee uncovers one of the largest series of cyber attacks against the International Olympic Committee, Indian government, the United Nations, the steel industry and defence and security firms. ](/news/2011/08/3/computer-security-firm-mcafee-uncovers-one-of-the-largest-series-of-cyber-attacks-against-the-international-olympic-committee-indian-govern.md) _Context: Government of India_
7. [The Supreme Court of India calls on the Indian government to explain why police were sent in to disperse a peaceful anti-corruption demonstration. ](/news/2011/06/6/the-supreme-court-of-india-calls-on-the-indian-government-to-explain-why-police-were-sent-in-to-disperse-a-peaceful-anti-corruption-demonstr.md) _Context: Government of India_
8. [The Supreme Court of India dismisses a government petition for seven people convicted for their role in the Bhopal disaster in 1984 to receive tougher sentences. ](/news/2011/05/11/the-supreme-court-of-india-dismisses-a-government-petition-for-seven-people-convicted-for-their-role-in-the-bhopal-disaster-in-1984-to-recei.md) _Context: Government of India_
9. [The Government of India sets up an inquiry into allegations of corruption and mismanagement at the 2010 Commonwealth Games in Delhi. ](/news/2010/10/16/the-government-of-india-sets-up-an-inquiry-into-allegations-of-corruption-and-mismanagement-at-the-2010-commonwealth-games-in-delhi.md) _Context: Government of India_
10. [3 more people die in protests against the Government of India in the state of Jammu and Kashmir. ](/news/2010/09/19/3-more-people-die-in-protests-against-the-government-of-india-in-the-state-of-jammu-and-kashmir.md) _Context: Government of India_
