### [2017-04-20](/news/2017/04/20/index.md)

# The United Kingdom government agrees to sell the UK Green Investment Bank to a group led chiefly by Australian financial firm Macquarie Group for $3 billion, in a deal criticized as not securing the future of the bank. 

The following bids, mergers,acquisitions and disposals were reported by 1300 GMT onThursday:


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/deals-day-idUSL3N1HS3P0)

### Related:

1. [The Prime Minister of Australia, Malcolm Turnbull said that his country would open up trading with the United Kingdom in a post-EU trade deal. ](/news/2016/07/17/the-prime-minister-of-australia-malcolm-turnbull-said-that-his-country-would-open-up-trading-with-the-united-kingdom-in-a-post-eu-trade-dea.md) _Context: Australia, Britain_
2. [Australia, the UK, France, and the United States, all issue security alerts for westerners in Sanlitun in the Chaoyang District of Beijing,  a popular diplomatic and entertainment district. Chinese officials indicate they have taken appropriate measures in response to this information. ](/news/2015/12/24/australia-the-uk-france-and-the-united-states-all-issue-security-alerts-for-westerners-in-sanlitun-in-the-chaoyang-district-of-beijing.md) _Context: Australia, Britain_
3. [The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) lifts the 32-year-old, lifetime ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men. Men can donate if they haven't had sex with another man in the previous year. The FDA stance is in line with other countries, such as Australia, Brazil, Canada, New Zealand, and the U.K., and is consistent with rules on recent blood transfusion or accidental exposure to another individual's blood.  ](/news/2015/12/21/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-fda-lifts-the-32-year-old-lifetime-ban-on-blood-donations-from-gay-and-bisexual-men-men-c.md) _Context: Australia, Britain_
4. [Myanmar tops the 2015 Charities Aid Foundation's World Giving Index which measures each country's charitable behavior. Individuals indicate whether they have donated money, volunteered, or helped a stranger in the past month. The United States, which tied with Myanmar last year, is second, followed by New Zealand, Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Sri Lanka, Ireland, and Malaysia. ](/news/2015/11/10/myanmar-tops-the-2015-charities-aid-foundation-s-world-giving-index-which-measures-each-country-s-charitable-behavior-individuals-indicate.md) _Context: Australia, Britain_
5. [A measles outbreak from the Philippines has spread into Australia, Canada, Taiwan, and the United Kingdom. ](/news/2014/02/12/a-measles-outbreak-from-the-philippines-has-spread-into-australia-canada-taiwan-and-the-united-kingdom.md) _Context: Australia, Britain_
6. [A child trafficking ring is smashed in the Philippines through the efforts of British, American, and Australian authorities. ](/news/2014/01/16/a-child-trafficking-ring-is-smashed-in-the-philippines-through-the-efforts-of-british-american-and-australian-authorities.md) _Context: Australia, Britain_
7. [Facebook recognises civil unions and domestic partnerships as relationship statuses in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, France and Australia. ](/news/2011/02/18/facebook-recognises-civil-unions-and-domestic-partnerships-as-relationship-statuses-in-the-united-states-canada-the-united-kingdom-france.md) _Context: Australia, Britain_
8. [Law enforcement agencies in Victoria, Australia, the United Kingdom and Spain conduct raids in relation to allegedly corrupt behaviour by the currency subsidiary of the Reserve Bank of Australia. ](/news/2010/10/6/law-enforcement-agencies-in-victoria-australia-the-united-kingdom-and-spain-conduct-raids-in-relation-to-allegedly-corrupt-behaviour-by-th.md) _Context: Australia, Britain_
9. [The United States and other western nations including Britain, Sweden, Australia, Belgium, Uruguay and Spain walk out of the United Nations General Assembly following claims by the President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad that the "majority of the American people as well as most nations and politicians around the world" say that the 9/11 attacks were the work of the Government of the United States trying to protect Israel. ](/news/2010/09/23/the-united-states-and-other-western-nations-including-britain-sweden-australia-belgium-uruguay-and-spain-walk-out-of-the-united-nations.md) _Context: Australia, Britain_
10. [Mohammad-Reza Rahimi, the Vice-President of Iran describes inhabitants of the United Kingdom as "not human" and "a bunch of idiots run by a mafia". He also describes Australians as "a bunch of cattlemen" and says that Koreans "need to be slapped". ](/news/2010/08/12/mohammad-reza-rahimi-the-vice-president-of-iran-describes-inhabitants-of-the-united-kingdom-as-not-human-and-a-bunch-of-idiots-run-by-a.md) _Context: Australia, Britain_
