### [2016-01-9](/news/2016/01/9/index.md)

# Libyan Civil War (2014-present): A major power station in the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi is shelled by militants. 

A major power plant in the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi has been attacked by militants, an army commander and a plant employee said on Saturday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-libya-security-idUSKCN0UN0LN20160109)

### Related:

1. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): At least three French Armed Forces soldiers are killed after their helicopter is shot down near the city of Benghazi, Libya. The soldiers were killed while carrying out "dangerous intelligence operations", according to French President Francois Hollande. ](/news/2016/07/20/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-at-least-three-french-armed-forces-soldiers-are-killed-after-their-helicopter-is-shot-down-near-the-city.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
2. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): Senior Libyan military officials say French special forces are on the ground in Benghazi helping Libyan National Army troops fight ISIL militants. They said that the French forces, along with American and British teams, are setting up an operations room inside Benina International Airport in Benina. The French defense ministry declined to comment, citing a policy not to comment on special forces' activities. ](/news/2016/02/24/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-senior-libyan-military-officials-say-french-special-forces-are-on-the-ground-in-benghazi-helping-libyan-n.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
3. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): At least nine people are killed and dozens injured in the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi after several mortar shells hit a protest against a UN proposal for a unity government to end the four-year long crisis in the country. ](/news/2015/10/23/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-at-least-nine-people-are-killed-and-dozens-injured-in-the-eastern-libyan-city-of-benghazi-after-several-m.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
4. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): The death toll from an attack on a Libyan National Army-controlled airbase in southern Libya reportedly rises to 140 people. ](/news/2017/05/20/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-death-toll-from-an-attack-on-a-libyan-national-army-controlled-airbase-in-southern-libya-reportedly-r.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
5. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): The Benghazi Defense Brigades, an ally of the Shura Council of Benghazi Revolutionaries, claims to have captured five cities and two oil-production areas from forces loyal to Khalifa Haftar in the east of Libya. ](/news/2017/03/4/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-benghazi-defense-brigades-an-ally-of-the-shura-council-of-benghazi-revolutionaries-claims-to-have-c.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
6. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): Forces of the Libyan National Army claim to have captured one of the last remaining strongholds of Benghazi from Ansar al-Sharia. ](/news/2017/01/26/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-forces-of-the-libyan-national-army-claim-to-have-captured-one-of-the-last-remaining-strongholds-of-bengha.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
7. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): U.S. B-2 stealth bombers strike two ISIL camps, south of the city of Sirte, Libya, killing more than 80 militants, according to United States Secretary of Defense Ash Carter. ](/news/2017/01/19/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-u-s-b-2-stealth-bombers-strike-two-isil-camps-south-of-the-city-of-sirte-libya-killing-more-than-80-m.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
8. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): At least eight are killed in clashes in Tripoli, Libya. ](/news/2016/12/2/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-at-least-eight-are-killed-in-clashes-in-tripoli-libya.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
9. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): An ISIL sniper in Sirte, Libya, shoots dead Dutch photographer and war correspondent Jeroen Oerlemans. ](/news/2016/10/2/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-an-isil-sniper-in-sirte-libya-shoots-dead-dutch-photographer-and-war-correspondent-jeroen-oerlemans.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
10. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): Forces loyal to Libyan general and former US citizen Khalifa Haftar, commander of the elected Council of Deputies military, seize control of the ports of Sidra, Ra's Lanuf, Brega and Zuwetina. ](/news/2016/09/11/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-forces-loyal-to-libyan-general-and-former-us-citizen-khalifa-haftar-commander-of-the-elected-council-of.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
