### [2010-08-26](/news/2010/08/26/index.md)

# Israel asks Germany to arrest Klaas Carel Faber, a Nazi war criminal who killed 20 Jews at Westerbork concentration camp. 

Klaas Carel Faber reportedly murdered more than 20 Jews at the Westerbork concentration camp, where many Dutch Jews were sent. 


### Source:

1. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/print-edition/news/israel-asks-germany-to-bring-fugitive-nazi-war-criminal-to-justice-1.310257)

### Related:

1. [UNESCO's executive board approves the "Occupied Palestine" resolution which reaffirms the cultural heritage of Palestine, especially East Jerusalem, and criticizes certain Israeli actions regarding the Palestinian territories. For the land in Jerusalem where the Al-Aqsa Mosque stands, the board uses only Islamic naming terms without also mentioning Jewish or Christian historical references. ](/news/2016/10/18/unesco-s-executive-board-approves-the-occupied-palestine-resolution-which-reaffirms-the-cultural-heritage-of-palestine-especially-east-je.md) _Context: Israel, Jewish_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015). Israel and Jordan agree to take steps to quell violence at the Al-Aqsa Mosque in Jerusalem which includes round-the-clock monitoring of new security cameras there. Israel reaffirms Jordan's historic role as formal custodian of what is known to Jews as the Temple Mount and as Haram al-Sharif to Muslims. Yesterday, Israeli authorities lifted restrictions that had banned men aged under 40 from praying at al-Aqsa. ](/news/2015/10/24/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-israel-and-jordan-agree-to-take-steps-to-quell-violence-at-the-al-aqsa-mosque-in-jerusalem-which-incl.md) _Context: Israel, Jewish_
3. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's speech yesterday that the Grand Mufti of Jerusalem persuaded the Nazis to adopt their Final Solution to exterminate 6 million Jews is reproached by Holocaust experts and survivors, historians, world leaders, etc. Palestine Liberation Organization's Saeb Erakat and Israel's Zionist Union party's Isaac Herzog both blasted Netanyahu's claim. German Chancellor Angela Merkel said, "All Germans know the history of the murderous race mania of the Nazis that led to ... the Holocaust." Mehnaz Afridi, a Manhattan College professor who promotes Muslim-Jewish dialogue said, "this ... really is a terrible statement to make at this time." ](/news/2015/10/21/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-s-speech-yesterday-that-the-grand-mufti-of-jerusalem-persuaded-the-nazis-to-adopt-their-final-solu.md) _Context: Israel, Jewish_
4. [Der Spiegel reports that Israel is arming submarines supplied by Germany with nuclear-tipped cruise missiles, provoking debate within Germany and internationally. ](/news/2012/06/5/der-spiegel-reports-that-israel-is-arming-submarines-supplied-by-germany-with-nuclear-tipped-cruise-missiles-provoking-debate-within-german.md) _Context: Germany, Israel_
5. [Right-wing Israeli politicians push for a controversial change to the wording of the oath required to become an Israeli citizen, amending the wording so that potential citizens must promise to respect Israel as a "Jewish and democratic state". ](/news/2010/10/7/right-wing-israeli-politicians-push-for-a-controversial-change-to-the-wording-of-the-oath-required-to-become-an-israeli-citizen-amending-th.md) _Context: Israel, Jewish_
6. [The Israeli cabinet approves a bill requiring all non-Jews taking Israeli citizenship to swear loyalty to Israel as a "Jewish and democratic state". ](/news/2010/10/10/the-israeli-cabinet-approves-a-bill-requiring-all-non-jews-taking-israeli-citizenship-to-swear-loyalty-to-israel-as-a-jewish-and-democratic.md) _Context: Israel, Jewish_
7. ["Irene":. The boat "Irene", carrying a group of Jewish activists from Germany, Israel, the U.S. and UK, sets sail from northern Cyprus aiming to breach Israel's blockade of the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2010/09/26/irene-the-boat-irene-carrying-a-group-of-jewish-activists-from-germany-israel-the-u-s-and-uk-sets-sail-from-northern-cyprus-aimin.md) _Context: Germany, Israel_
8. [Release of Uri Brodsky:. Officials in the United Arab Emirates express concern after Germany releases suspected Israeli spy Uri Brodsky, who has been linked with the murder of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in Dubai. ](/news/2010/08/14/release-of-uri-brodsky-officials-in-the-united-arab-emirates-express-concern-after-germany-releases-suspected-israeli-spy-uri-brodsky-who.md) _Context: Germany, Israel_
9. [Germany allows suspected Israeli spy Uri Brodsky, connected of the murder of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in Dubai, to go free after his recent extradition from Poland. ](/news/2010/08/13/germany-allows-suspected-israeli-spy-uri-brodsky-connected-of-the-murder-of-mahmoud-al-mabhouh-in-dubai-to-go-free-after-his-recent-extrad.md) _Context: Germany, Israel_
10. [Poland extradites Israeli citizen and suspected spy Uri Brodsky to Germany to face charges of being involved in the murder of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in Dubai. ](/news/2010/08/12/poland-extradites-israeli-citizen-and-suspected-spy-uri-brodsky-to-germany-to-face-charges-of-being-involved-in-the-murder-of-mahmoud-al-mab.md) _Context: Germany, Israel_
