### [2010-08-26](/news/2010/08/26/index.md)

# "The New York Times" claims that Mohammed Zia Salehi, an official of Afghanistan's Karzai administration accused of graft is on the United States Central Intelligence Agency payroll. 




### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2010/08/26/world/asia/26kabul.html?_r=1&emc=na)

### Related:

1. [ Seven American CIA agents are killed by a suicide bomb attack in a US military base in Khost Province, Afghanistan. Two of the seven killed are contractors for Blackwater Worldwide. The CIA considers contractors to be officers. ](/news/2009/12/30/seven-american-cia-agents-are-killed-by-a-suicide-bomb-attack-in-a-us-military-base-in-khost-province-afghanistan-two-of-the-seven-killed.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, CIA, United States_
2. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). Two U.S. service members are killed and a third is injured during a raid against ISIL militants in Afghanistan's Nangarhar Province. ](/news/2017/04/27/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-two-u-s-service-members-are-killed-and-a-third-is-injured-during-a-raid-against-isil-militants-in-afgh.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, United States_
3. [Vault 7. WikiLeaks releases thousands of documents that it claims provides details of surveillance software used by the United States Central Intelligence Agency. ](/news/2017/03/7/vault-7-wikileaks-releases-thousands-of-documents-that-it-claims-provides-details-of-surveillance-software-used-by-the-united-states-centra.md) _Context: CIA, United States_
4. [The Kremlin arrests four people, Kaspersky Lab's Ruslan Stoyanov, and three officials in the Federal Security Service (FSB previously KGB) Center for Information Security, reportedly on treason charges for passing information to America's CIA. ](/news/2017/01/31/the-kremlin-arrests-four-people-kaspersky-lab-s-ruslan-stoyanov-and-three-officials-in-the-federal-security-service-fsb-previously-kgb-c.md) _Context: CIA, United States_
5. [Afghanistan's first female Air Force pilot Niloofar Rahmani files for asylum in the United States. ](/news/2016/12/25/afghanistan-s-first-female-air-force-pilot-niloofar-rahmani-files-for-asylum-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, United States_
6. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). A U.S. service member becomes the first U.S. military combat casualty in Afghanistan since January 2016 when he is killed by an improvised explosive device (IED) while on patrol near the city of Lashkar Gah in Afghanistan's southern Helmand Province. Another American service member and six Afghan soldiers were also injured in the blast. ](/news/2016/08/23/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-u-s-service-member-becomes-the-first-u-s-military-combat-casualty-in-afghanistan-since-january-2016.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, United States_
7. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). The United States sends more troops to Afghanistan's southern Helmand province to shore up security forces who are facing sustained attacks from the Taliban. ](/news/2016/02/9/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-the-united-states-sends-more-troops-to-afghanistan-s-southern-helmand-province-to-shore-up-security-for.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, United States_
8. [America's largest seven-day newspaper, "The New York Times", breaking with the tradition that front pages belong to the news department, publishes Saturday morning's edition with the first front page editorial since 1920. The editorial calls for tighter gun control laws after the shootings in Colorado Springs, Colorado, and San Bernardino, California, over the past eight days. [http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/05/us/gun-debate-yields-page-1-editorial.html?_r=0 "(The New York Times)"], [https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2015/12/05/the-new-york-times-has-rare-front-page-editorial-calling-u-s-gun-laws-a-national-disgrace/ ("The Washington Post")], [http://www.theguardian.com/media/2015/dec/05/gun-control-new-york-times-ront-page-editorial-first-time-since-1920-san-bernardino "(The Guardian)"]](/news/2015/12/5/america-s-largest-seven-day-newspaper-the-new-york-times-breaking-with-the-tradition-that-front-pages-belong-to-the-news-department-pub.md) _Context: The New York Times, United States_
9. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). 2015 Bagram suicide bombing. A suicide-bomb attack on a joint Afghan-U.S. patrol near Bagram Air Base in Afghanistan's Parwan Province, kills at least six U.S. soldiers and wounds another six. The Taliban's spokesman, Zabiullah Mujahid, claims responsibility for the attack in a message on Twitter. ](/news/2015/12/21/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-2015-bagram-suicide-bombing-a-suicide-bomb-attack-on-a-joint-afghan-u-s-patrol-near-bagram-air-base-i.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, United States_
10. [War in Afghanistan. "The New York Times" reports the U.S. Navy covered up a Naval Criminal Investigative Service (NCIS) report on Afghan detainee abuses. The NCIS investigation found that Navy SEAL Team 2's abuse resulted in the death of a 24-year old married Afghan detainee with a new baby, and that the SEALs failed to restrain the Afghan Local Police's detainee abuses. This drove some previously cooperative Afghans to leave for Taliban-controlled areas, the "Times" reports. Their commander in Afghanistan recommended these men be forced out of the elite SEAL teams. Two of the SEALs and their lieutenant have since been promoted. Rachel E. VanLandingham, former United States Central Command-s chief legal adviser on detainee and interrogation issues from 2006 to 2010, and other military lawyers, have called for the case to be reopened. ](/news/2015/12/17/war-in-afghanistan-the-new-york-times-reports-the-u-s-navy-covered-up-a-naval-criminal-investigative-service-ncis-report-on-afghan-det.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, The New York Times_
