### [2006-04-9](/news/2006/04/9/index.md)

#  Hungarian parliamentary election, 2006: The ruling Hungarian Socialist Party wins the first round. Voter turnout was 67.7 percent.




### Source:

1. [XinHua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/2006-04/10/content_4405517.htm)

### Related:

1. [ Parliamentary elections in Hungary: The Hungarian Socialist Party wins with a plurality of the votes and will therefore continue to govern in coalition with the Alliance of Free Democrats; it also becomes the first re-elected government of Hungary since the end of the Cold War. ](/news/2006/04/23/parliamentary-elections-in-hungary-the-hungarian-socialist-party-wins-with-a-plurality-of-the-votes-and-will-therefore-continue-to-govern.md) _Context: Hungarian Socialist Party, Parliamentary elections_
2. [Algerian legislative election, 2017. Voter turnout is predicted to be low as Algerians go to the polls to elect members of the People's National Assembly. ](/news/2017/05/4/algerian-legislative-election-2017-voter-turnout-is-predicted-to-be-low-as-algerians-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-members-of-the-people-s-nati.md) _Context: Voter turnout_
3. [Myanmar general election, 2015. Voters in Myanmar head to the polls with the National League for Democracy, the party of Nobel Peace Prize-winner Aung San Suu Kyi, expected to win a majority of seats in Parliament and the ruling Union Solidarity and Development Party conceding defeat on Monday. Early indication is an 80 percent turnout of the more than 30 million people eligible to vote. ](/news/2015/11/8/myanmar-general-election-2015-voters-in-myanmar-head-to-the-polls-with-the-national-league-for-democracy-the-party-of-nobel-peace-prize-w.md) _Context: Voter turnout_
4. [Voters in Kuwait go to the polls for a parliamentary election with the Opposition holding a boycott. The lowest voter turnout in the Kuwaiti election history is observed. ](/news/2012/12/1/voters-in-kuwait-go-to-the-polls-for-a-parliamentary-election-with-the-opposition-holding-a-boycott-the-lowest-voter-turnout-in-the-kuwaiti.md) _Context: Voter turnout_
5. [Hungarian parliamentary election, 2010. The centre-right Hungarian Civic Union (Fidesz) wins all 119 individual seats in the first round of Hungary's parliamentary elections. Their total of 206 seats gives them an outright majority in the National Assembly, with 121 seats still in play in the second round on April 25.. The left-wing Hungarian Socialist Party (MSZP) wins 28 regional seats, while the far-right Jobbik (Movement for a Better Hungary) wins 26 regional seats. The remaining five seats went to the green party Politics Can Be Different (LMP). ](/news/2010/04/12/hungarian-parliamentary-election-2010-the-centre-right-hungarian-civic-union-fidesz-wins-all-119-individual-seats-in-the-first-round-of.md) _Context: Hungarian Socialist Party_
6. [ Voting begins on a new Serbian constitution that would make Kosovo officially a part of Serbia; voter turnout on day one was low. ](/news/2006/10/28/voting-begins-on-a-new-serbian-constitution-that-would-make-kosovo-officially-a-part-of-serbia-voter-turnout-on-day-one-was-low.md) _Context: Voter turnout_
7. [ 2006 protests in Hungary:. Peaceful demonstrations began in Budapest and several cities of the countryside against the government in Hungary. On September 17th, 2006, an audio recording surfaced from a closed floor meeting after the Hungarian Socialist Party won the elections and before they announced several restraints on which Prime Minister Gyurcsny said, that "[...] Evidently, we lied throughout the last year-and-a-half, two years. It was totally clear that what we are saying is not true. [...]" Demonstrators demand a new election. ](/news/2006/09/18/2006-protests-in-hungary-peaceful-demonstrations-began-in-budapest-and-several-cities-of-the-countryside-against-the-government-in-hungar.md) _Context: Hungarian Socialist Party_
8. [ In Chad, opposition parties boycott the 2006 presidential election and voter turnout is "extremely low". Results are not due for another 10 days, but President Idriss Deby is expected to win. ](/news/2006/05/3/in-chad-opposition-parties-boycott-the-2006-presidential-election-and-voter-turnout-is-extremely-low-results-are-not-due-for-another-10.md) _Context: Voter turnout_
9. [ Haitian elections, 2006: Voter turnout in the second round of the legislative elections is deemed low. ](/news/2006/04/21/haitian-elections-2006-voter-turnout-in-the-second-round-of-the-legislative-elections-is-deemed-low.md) _Context: Voter turnout_
10. [ Elections in Albania: Vote tallying in the 2005 Albanian general election continues. Voter turnout was over 50% and results are expected later in the day. International observers, including OSCE, have expressed reservations about the voting process. Three people have been killed during the election. ](/news/2005/07/5/elections-in-albania-vote-tallying-in-the-2005-albanian-general-election-continues-voter-turnout-was-over-50-and-results-are-expected-la.md) _Context: Voter turnout_
