### [2004-09-2](/news/2004/09/2/index.md)

#  Beslan school hostage crisis: Armed men and women continue to hold over 1,300 adults and children hostage in Beslan, North Ossetia, Russia. Russian authorities announce that they have, for the moment, ruled out the use of force to end the standoff, while Chechen rebel leader Aslan Maskhadov denies that his forces are responsible. Late in the day, 26 women and children are released by the hostage-takers. (BBC: [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/3620498.stm 1], [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/3621418.stm 2])




### Related:

1. [ Beslan hostage crisis: Approximately 30 armed men and women seize a school in Beslan, North Ossetia, a Russian city close to Chechnya, taking over 1,300 adults and children hostage. Russian police and army units quickly surround the school, beginning a three-day standoff. ](/news/2004/09/1/beslan-hostage-crisis-approximately-30-armed-men-and-women-seize-a-school-in-beslan-north-ossetia-a-russian-city-close-to-chechnya-taki.md) _Context: Beslan, Chechnya, North Ossetia, hostage_
2. [ The hostage crisis in Beslan, North Ossetia, Russia, ends violently as fighting erupts in the early afternoon between the hostage-takers and Russian special forces. Special forces teams storm the school, in attempt to save the remaining hostages, after two explosions are heard and the hostage-takers fire on a medical team attempting to remove dead bodies. Several hundred people die in the ensuing battle; the hostage-takers shoot some hostages are shot in the back as the hostages attempt to flee. Official reports list 335 confirmed dead, including 156 children, and more than 700 wounded; 176 remain missing. Some of the hostage-takers briefly escape, but eventually all are reported killed or captured by Russian authorities. (BBC: [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/3624024.stm 1], [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/3624024.stm 2], [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/3624024.stm 3], Interfax: [http://www2.interfax.ru/eng/news/politics/040903/64859/story.html 1], [http://www.interfax.ru/e/B/0/28.html?id_issue=10699281 2])](/news/2004/09/3/the-hostage-crisis-in-beslan-north-ossetia-russia-ends-violently-as-fighting-erupts-in-the-early-afternoon-between-the-hostage-takers-an.md) _Context: Beslan, North Ossetia, hostage_
3. [ Russia marks the first anniversary of the Beslan tragedy in which militants seized nearly 1,200 hostages, killing 331, more than half of them children. ](/news/2005/09/1/russia-marks-the-first-anniversary-of-the-beslan-tragedy-in-which-militants-seized-nearly-1-200-hostages-killing-331-more-than-half-of-th.md) _Context: Beslan, Beslan children killed a year ago_
4. [ Akhmed Zakayev, envoy of the killed Chechen separatist leader Aslan Maskhadov, states that Maskhadov's death does not end resistance to Russian rule and that his successor would be chosen in a couple of days ](/news/2005/03/9/akhmed-zakayev-envoy-of-the-killed-chechen-separatist-leader-aslan-maskhadov-states-that-maskhadov-s-death-does-not-end-resistance-to-rus.md) _Context: Aslan Maskhadov, Chechnya_
5. [ Russian armed forces claim that Chechen separatist leader Aslan Maskhadov has been killed in a special forces operation. ](/news/2005/03/8/russian-armed-forces-claim-that-chechen-separatist-leader-aslan-maskhadov-has-been-killed-in-a-special-forces-operation.md) _Context: Aslan Maskhadov, Chechnya_
6. [ Russia announces that it will pay US$10 m to the people who betrayed Chechen separatist leader Aslan Maskhadov, who was killed by Russian special forces. ](/news/2005/03/16/russia-announces-that-it-will-pay-us-10-m-to-the-people-who-betrayed-chechen-separatist-leader-aslan-maskhadov-who-was-killed-by-russian-s.md) _Context: Aslan Maskhadov, Chechnya_
7. [ Conflict in Russia (Chechnya): Russian President Vladimir Putin's government offers 300 million rubles (USD 10 million) for information leading to the arrest of Chechen rebel leaders Shamil Basayev and Aslan Maskhadov. Maskhadov was the last democratically elected leader of Chechnya. ](/news/2004/09/8/conflict-in-russia-chechnya-russian-president-vladimir-putin-s-government-offers-300-million-rubles-usd-10-million-for-information-lea.md) _Context: Aslan Maskhadov, Chechnya_
8. [ A truck bomb destroys a military hospital in Mozdok in Southern Russia, near Chechnya, killing 41 and wounding at least 76. The Russian government blames the attack on Chechen separatists. A media spokesman for rebel political leader, Aslan Maskhadov, denied any connection with the incident.](/news/2003/08/1/a-truck-bomb-destroys-a-military-hospital-in-mozdok-in-southern-russia-near-chechnya-killing-41-and-wounding-at-least-76-the-russian-gov.md) _Context: Aslan Maskhadov, Chechnya_
9. [Russian authorities arrest more than 100 gay men in Chechnya, including television personalities and religious figures, for "nontraditional sexual orientation." The "Novaya Gazeta" newspaper reported that three of the arrested men have been killed, while others reportedly were released for family honor killing. Chechen Republic leader Ramzan Kadyrov's spokesperson said this report contains "absolute lies and disinformation" since there are no homosexuals in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/04/3/russian-authorities-arrest-more-than-100-gay-men-in-chechnya-including-television-personalities-and-religious-figures-for-nontraditional.md) _Context: Chechnya_
10. [Six Chechen soldiers, along with six militants, are killed in a nighttime attack on a Russian National Guard base in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/03/24/six-chechen-soldiers-along-with-six-militants-are-killed-in-a-nighttime-attack-on-a-russian-national-guard-base-in-chechnya.md) _Context: Chechnya_
