
Formats: [HTML](/news/2004/09/2/u-s-presidential-election-george-w-bush-accepts-the-republican-nomination-for-a-second-term-in-office-as-the-party-s-national-convention.html)  [JSON](/news/2004/09/2/u-s-presidential-election-george-w-bush-accepts-the-republican-nomination-for-a-second-term-in-office-as-the-party-s-national-convention.json)  [XML](/news/2004/09/2/u-s-presidential-election-george-w-bush-accepts-the-republican-nomination-for-a-second-term-in-office-as-the-party-s-national-convention.xml)  

### [2004-09-2](/news/2004/09/2/index.md)

##### 2004 U.S. presidential candidate
#  U.S. presidential election: George W. Bush accepts the Republican nomination for a second term in office as the party's National Convention concludes, signaling the beginning of all-out campaigning by Bush and Senator John Kerry.




### Related:

1. [ Senator John Kerry concedes to President George W. Bush "The outcome should be decided by voters, not a protracted legal process", Kerry said. "I would not give up if there was a chance we could prevail." [http:--reuters.com-newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6703896 (Reuters)] [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-1-hi-world-americas-3980533.stm (BBC)] Republican President George W. Bush wins the popular vote, receiving 3.58 million more votes than Democratic Senator John Kerry. (51.6% to 48.4%, 59.0 million to 55.4 million) Claiming victory in the swing state of Ohio, Bush will probably have more than the 270 votes needed when the U.S. Electoral College meets on December 13. [http:--www.cnn.com-ELECTION-2004- (CNN)] The Republican Party widens its majority in the Senate and House of Representatives. Democratic Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle concedes defeat to Republican challenger John Thune, thus becoming the first Senate leader in 52 years to lose a re-election bid and leaving the leadership of the Democratic Party in the Senate open. [http:--www.cnn.com-2004-ALLPOLITICS-11-02-senate.main-index.html (CNN)] The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) reports that on November 2, touch-screen electronic voting machines in at least six U.S. states had incorrectly recorded their choices, including for the presidential election. Incorrectly recorded votes make up roughly 20 percent of the e-voting problems. [https:--www.eff.org-news-archives-2004_11.php#002062 (EFF)] Same-sex marriage in the United States: Gay rights activists suffer a severe setback when state constitutional amendments prohibiting same-sex marriage are passed in eleven states: Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, Michigan, Mississippi, Montana, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, Oregon, and Utah. The measures in Oregon, Mississippi, and Montana ban same-sex marriage only, while Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, and Utah ban both same-sex marriage and civil unions and Michigan bans granting any benefits whatsoever to same-sex couples. ](/news/2004/11/3/senator-john-kerry-concedes-to-president-george-w-bush-the-outcome-should-be-decided-by-voters-not-a-protracted-legal-process-kerry-sa.md) _Context: 2004 U.S. presidential candidate, George W. Bush, John Kerry, Republican, Senate_
2. [ United States Senate Republicans and the Bush administration announce an agreement on interrogation methods and the trial of suspects in the War on Terror. ](/news/2006/09/21/united-states-senate-republicans-and-the-bush-administration-announce-an-agreement-on-interrogation-methods-and-the-trial-of-suspects-in-th.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Republican, Senate_
3. [ U.S. Congressman Rob Portman (R-Ohio) was nominated by President George W. Bush to be the United States Trade Representative, replacing Robert Zoellick. Portman is subject to Senate confirmation. (Reuters) [http:--edition.cnn.com-2005-BUSINESS-03-17-us.trade.rep.reut-]](/news/2005/03/17/u-s-congressman-rob-portman-r-ohio-was-nominated-by-president-george-w-bush-to-be-the-united-states-trade-representative-replacing-rob.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Republican, Senate_
4. [ U.S. civil rights organizations report on a number of misleading voter fliers and phone calls aimed at African-American voters, alleging that these are an attempt to suppress the African-American vote in today's U.S. presidential election. [http:--www.reuters.co.uk-newsPackageArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=613416&section=news (Reuters)] U.S. presidential election, 2004 timeline: Voting begins for the 2004 U.S. presidential election, as well as for elections to the U.S. Congress and many state and local offices. The incumbent, Republican George W. Bush, and the challenger, Democrat John Kerry, are statistically tied in the latest opinion polls.](/news/2004/11/2/u-s-civil-rights-organizations-report-on-a-number-of-misleading-voter-fliers-and-phone-calls-aimed-at-african-american-voters-alleging-th.md) _Context: George W. Bush, John Kerry, Republican_
5. [ US President George W. Bush and challenger Senator John Kerry meet at Washington University in St. Louis, Missouri, for the second of three U.S. presidential debates. ](/news/2004/10/8/us-president-george-w-bush-and-challenger-senator-john-kerry-meet-at-washington-university-in-st-louis-missouri-for-the-second-of-three.md) _Context: George W. Bush, John Kerry, Senate_
