### [2005-09-16](/news/2005/09/16/index.md)

#  Hamas hold a huge prayer rally in the now abandoned Israeli settlements in the Gaza Strip, leading thousands of Palestinian Muslims in Friday Prayers (Salat ul Jum'a). 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4253536.stm)

### Related:

1. [Palestinian footballer Mahmoud Sarsak turns down an FC Barcelona offer to attend an El Clasico game, after Gilad Shalit, an Israeli soldier who had been held captive in Gaza for five years, is also invited. A Hamas spokesperson asked the media not to broadcast the game. ](/news/2012/10/1/palestinian-footballer-mahmoud-sarsak-turns-down-an-fc-barcelona-offer-to-attend-an-el-cla-sico-game-after-gilad-shalit-an-israeli-soldier.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Palestinian_
2. [Thousands of Palestinians cross the Rafah Border Crossing into the Gaza Strip following its opening by Egypt, but Egypt prevents hundreds of activists from entering and Hamas continues to refuse Red Cross visits for captured Israeli soldier, Gilad Shalit. ](/news/2010/06/12/thousands-of-palestinians-cross-the-rafah-border-crossing-into-the-gaza-strip-following-its-opening-by-egypt-but-egypt-prevents-hundreds-of.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Palestinian_
3. [The Israel Defense Forces continue airstrikes against Hamas in the Gaza Strip as the number of Palestinian casualties approaches 300. ](/news/2008/12/28/the-israel-defense-forces-continue-airstrikes-against-hamas-in-the-gaza-strip-as-the-number-of-palestinian-casualties-approaches-300.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Palestinian_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains):: About 1500 of Palestinian people cross the Gaza-Egypt border after Palestinian militants attack Egyptian policemen stationed at Rafah border terminal, blowing a hole in the wall near it. ](/news/2006/07/14/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-about-1500-of-palestinian-people-cross-the-gaza-egypt-border-after-palestinian-mili.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Palestinian_
5. [ A Palestinian girl is critically wounded when a Qassam rocket launched by Palestenian militants hits her home in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2006/07/10/a-palestinian-girl-is-critically-wounded-when-a-qassam-rocket-launched-by-palestenian-militants-hits-her-home-in-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Palestinian_
6. [ Israel has stated that they will ensure that the Hamas-controlled Palestinian government is "toppled" if their captured soldier, Gilad Shalit, is killed. Three Palestinian groups claiming to hold Shalit refuse to provide information about his health via the Palestine Red Crescent, unless all jailed Palestinian women and teenagers are released from Israeli prisons. Three Qassam rockets are launched from the Gaza Strip against Israeli towns, one of them wounding 4 civilians in Sderot and causing a power outage throughout the city. ](/news/2006/06/26/israel-has-stated-that-they-will-ensure-that-the-hamas-controlled-palestinian-government-is-toppled-if-their-captured-soldier-gilad-shal.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Palestinian_
7. [ Eight Palestinian militants, including Hamas militants, infiltrate into an army post in Israel using a tunnel. Two Israeli soldiers are killed, one kidnapped and three wounded in the attack, in which at least two Palestinian militants die. Israeli PM vows a fierce military response to the attack once the soldier, Gilad Shalit, is returned. Two infantry brigades and supporting armoured regiments are deployed along the Gaza Strip border, in preparation for a major offensive.](/news/2006/06/25/eight-palestinian-militants-including-hamas-militants-infiltrate-into-an-army-post-in-israel-using-a-tunnel-two-israeli-soldiers-are-kil.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Palestinian_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict:: Israeli troops, who are still in the process of withdrawing from Gaza, shoot dead a Palestinian teenager as he and about 50 others breach a fence around the evacuated Israeli settlement of Gush Katif and climbed atop of IDF tanks. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220914.stm (BBC)] [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/621804.html (Haaretz)]: The Israeli Minister for Education, Limor Livnat, has called on her government to expand Israeli settlements in the West Bank as "dividend" of the pullout of the Gaza Strip. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220300.stm (BBC)], [http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13718&Itemid=1 (IMEMC)]: The Israeli Housing Minister, Isaac Herzog, told Israel Radio that Israel does not intend to construct in E1 the area between the Maale Adumim Israeli settlement and Jerusalem in the coming years, adding that Israeli government statements to the contrary were part of the -internal conflict- at the Likud party. ([http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13724&Itemid=1 IMEMC])](/news/2005/09/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-troops-who-are-still-in-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-gaza-shoot-dead-a-palestinian-teenager-as.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israeli settlement, Palestinian_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict:: The Israeli Defense Force launches Operation First Rain, a series of air strikes on Palestinian targets in the Gaza Strip, including an alleged Hamas weapons factory and a children's school. According to Israel the operation's goal is to stop shelling of southern Israeli towns and villages by Palestinian militants, though several civilians have been injured, including an infant. At least 200 Palestinians have been arrested in overnight IDF raids in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/25/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-israeli-defense-force-launches-operation-first-rain-a-series-of-air-strikes-on-palestinian-targets-in-t.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Palestinian_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: An Israeli settler kills 3 Palestinian civilians in the West Bank. The attack was condemned by Ariel Sharon as a "Jewish Terror act" and "twisted thinking" while Hamas claimed the right to avenge the deaths. ](/news/2005/08/17/israeli-palestinian-conflict-an-israeli-settler-kills-3-palestinian-civilians-in-the-west-bank-the-attack-was-condemned-by-ariel-sharon-a.md) _Context: Hamas, Israeli settlement, Palestinian_
