### [2005-01-8](/news/2005/01/8/index.md)

#  2004 Indian Ocean earthquake: The United States National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) reveals a detailed minute-to-minute Indian Ocean tsunami timeline.  




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2005/WORLD/asiapcf/01/06/aceh.radicals.ap/index.html)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/interactive/world/0412/timeline.tsunami/content.1.html)
3. [NOAA Press Release](http://www.noaanews.noaa.gov/stories2004/s2358.htm)

### Related:

1. [The U.S.  National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration says warm ocean waters could fuel an above-normal Atlantic hurricane season. The forecast calls for 11 to 17 named storms with five to nine hurricanes, warmer-than-average waters across the tropical Atlantic Ocean and Caribbean Sea, and  a weak or nonexistent El Nino. ](/news/2017/05/25/the-u-s-national-oceanic-and-atmospheric-administration-says-warm-ocean-waters-could-fuel-an-above-normal-atlantic-hurricane-season-the-f.md) _Context: U.S.  National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration_
2. [Global temperatures rose to the hottest level on record for 2016 for a third successive record according to NASA and the US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. ](/news/2017/01/18/global-temperatures-rose-to-the-hottest-level-on-record-for-2016-for-a-third-successive-record-according-to-nasa-and-the-us-national-oceanic.md) _Context: U.S.  National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration_
3. [NASA projects that 2016 will have the warmest global temperature average on record. This year would be the third record-breaking year in a row. Per NOAA annals, April marked the 12th record warmest month in a row. ](/news/2016/05/22/nasa-projects-that-2016-will-have-the-warmest-global-temperature-average-on-record-this-year-would-be-the-third-record-breaking-year-in-a-r.md) _Context: NOAA_
4. [NASA and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration announce that 2015 was the hottest year on record since the beginning of meteorological records in 1890. ](/news/2016/01/20/nasa-and-the-national-oceanic-and-atmospheric-administration-announce-that-2015-was-the-hottest-year-on-record-since-the-beginning-of-meteor.md) _Context: U.S.  National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration_
5. [The freak weather system responsible for heavy rain and tornadoes in the U.S., and high winds and rainfall in the British Isles, also has impacted the Arctic where the average winter temperature is normally around -20|F|C. Temperatures around the North Pole have surpassed the 32|F|C threshold for a brief moment, according to the  U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's Ocean Prediction Center, which is 50|F-change|1 higher than usual for December. ](/news/2015/12/30/the-freak-weather-system-responsible-for-heavy-rain-and-tornadoes-in-the-u-s-and-high-winds-and-rainfall-in-the-british-isles-also-has-im.md) _Context: U.S.  National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration_
6. [The U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration reports that July was the hottest month globally since record keeping began in 1880. Global temperatures were 1.46degF (0.81degC) warmer than the 20th century average. NOAA scientists expect 2015 will go down as the warmest year on record. ](/news/2015/08/20/the-u-s-national-oceanic-and-atmospheric-administration-reports-that-july-was-the-hottest-month-globally-since-record-keeping-began-in-1880.md) _Context: U.S.  National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration_
7. [SpaceX launches a weather observation satellite, Deep Space Climate Observatory, at 6:03 p.m. EST from Cape Canaveral, Florida (for the US Air Force/NASA/NOAA), but postpones making of a second attempt to land a Falcon 9 v1.1 rocket on a floating platform called the autonomous spaceport drone ship, following the January 10 failure during the SpaceX CRS-5 mission. SpaceX instead, attempts a "mock" soft-landing into the Atlantic ocean ](/news/2015/02/11/spacex-launches-a-weather-observation-satellite-deep-space-climate-observatory-at-6-03-p-m-est-from-cape-canaveral-florida-for-the-us-a.md) _Context: U.S.  National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration_
8. [NASA and National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration researchers state that 2014 is the hottest year since record keeping began in 1880. ](/news/2015/01/16/nasa-and-national-oceanic-and-atmospheric-administration-researchers-state-that-2014-is-the-hottest-year-since-record-keeping-began-in-1880.md) _Context: U.S.  National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration_
9. [New data published independently by NASA and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration show that the global warming trend is continuing. ](/news/2014/01/22/new-data-published-independently-by-nasa-and-the-national-oceanic-and-atmospheric-administration-show-that-the-global-warming-trend-is-conti.md) _Context: U.S.  National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration_
10. [NOAA states that 2011 is already one of the most extreme weather years on record. ](/news/2011/06/18/noaa-states-that-2011-is-already-one-of-the-most-extreme-weather-years-on-record.md) _Context: NOAA_
