### [2005-01-8](/news/2005/01/8/index.md)

#  A U.S. Navy nuclear submarine, USS "San Francisco", runs aground south of the Pacific island of Guam. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/4157517.stm)
2. [USA Today|AP](http://www.usatoday.com/news/world/2005-01-08-sub_x.htm)

### Related:

1. [United States presidential election, 2016: United States presidential election in Guam, 2016: Voters in Guam head to the polls to vote in the Democratic presidential caucus. ](/news/2016/05/7/united-states-presidential-election-2016-united-states-presidential-election-in-guam-2016-voters-in-guam-head-to-the-polls-to-vote-in-th.md) _Context: Guam_
2. [The 12th Festival of Pacific Arts opens at Paseo Stadium in Guam. ](/news/2016/05/22/the-12th-festival-of-pacific-arts-opens-at-paseo-stadium-in-guam.md) _Context: Guam_
3. [A United States Air Force B-52 Stratofortress crashes at Andersen Air Force Base on Guam. All seven aircrew members escaped. No injuries have been reported. ](/news/2016/05/18/a-united-states-air-force-b-52-stratofortress-crashes-at-andersen-air-force-base-on-guam-all-seven-aircrew-members-escaped-no-injuries-hav.md) _Context: Guam_
4. [The Governor of the U.S. territory of Guam Eddie Calvo announces his intention to hold a plebiscite to decide the future political status of the island. Calvo said he hopes to start a successful "education campaign" on the issue before filing a petition to start a referendum. If the plebiscite does take place, voters on Guam would be asked to select which political status they would prefer; independence, statehood, or free association However, the possible vote would be non-binding as any change in political status would require an act of Congress in Washington, D.C.. Guam is currently on the United Nations list of Non-Self-Governing Territories in need of decolonization. ](/news/2016/04/2/the-governor-of-the-u-s-territory-of-guam-eddie-calvo-announces-his-intention-to-hold-a-plebiscite-to-decide-the-future-political-status-of.md) _Context: Guam_
5. [Republican Party presidential primaries, 2016: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016: Voters in Guam, Washington, D.C. and Wyoming head to the polls to vote in Republican Party caucuses, while Democratic Party members vote in the Northern Mariana Islands caucus. ](/news/2016/03/12/republican-party-presidential-primaries-2016-democratic-party-presidential-primaries-2016-voters-in-guam-washington-d-c-and-wyoming-h.md) _Context: Guam_
6. [2016 North Korean nuclear test: A single United States Air Force B-52 long-range strategic bomber makes a low-level flight over South Korea, close to the Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ), in a show of force following North Korea's fourth nuclear test on January 6, before returning to its base in Guam. ](/news/2016/01/10/2016-north-korean-nuclear-test-a-single-united-states-air-force-b-52-long-range-strategic-bomber-makes-a-low-level-flight-over-south-korea.md) _Context: Guam_
7. [Taiwan-United States relations: Territorial disputes in the South China Sea: The United States announces a deal to sell $1.83 billion worth of arms to Taiwan, which includes two decommissioned U.S. Navy frigates, Assault Amphibious Vehicles, and surface-to-air missiles. China has also expressed its disapproval over the deal, claiming it would affect their internal affairs. ](/news/2015/12/16/taiwan-united-states-relations-territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-the-united-states-announces-a-deal-to-sell-1-83-billion-wort.md) _Context: U.S. Navy_
8. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea, China-United States relations: Malaysia-United States relations: U.S. Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter and his counterpart from Malaysia, Hishammuddin Hussein, will visit the USS Theodore Roosevelt (CVN-71) as it cruises in the South China Sea, this in the wake of China-s dismay over a U.S. Navy ship-s sailing in the vicinity of artificial islands constructed by China in the Spratly Islands. ](/news/2015/11/4/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-china-united-states-relations-malaysia-united-states-relations-u-s-secretary-of-defense.md) _Context: U.S. Navy_
9. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea: China-United States relations: Chinese military aircraft conduct training in the South China Sea following the cruise of a U.S. Navy ship in the vicinity of the disputed Spratly Islands. ](/news/2015/11/2/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-china-united-states-relations-chinese-military-aircraft-conduct-training-in-the-south-china.md) _Context: U.S. Navy_
10. [China hosts the ministers of defense from the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN). During the meeting a Chinese defense official suggests joint maritime drills between the host and ASEAN. At the same time, it is widely expected that U.S. Navy vessels may soon sail within 12 nautical miles of islands China is constructing upon reefs and atolls in the South China Sea. ](/news/2015/10/16/china-hosts-the-ministers-of-defense-from-the-association-of-southeast-asian-nations-asean-during-the-meeting-a-chinese-defense-official.md) _Context: U.S. Navy_
