### [2005-01-8](/news/2005/01/8/index.md)

#  September 11, 2001, attacks: About 8,000 photographs recovered from the ruins of the World Trade Center after the terrorist attacks have been restored and will be posted on a restricted-access website for people to identify and claim by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey on January 18. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2005/TECH/internet/01/07/911.photos.reut/index.html)

### Related:

1. [ Construction begins on the Freedom Tower in New York City breaking a deadlock between the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which owns the site, and private developer Larry Silverstein. The 1,776-foot tower is the centerpiece of the rebuilding effort for the World Trade Center, which was destroyed in the September 11, 2001, attacks. ](/news/2006/04/27/construction-begins-on-the-freedom-tower-in-new-york-city-breaking-a-deadlock-between-the-port-authority-of-new-york-and-new-jersey-which.md) _Context: Port Authority, September 11, 2001 attacks, predecessor_
2. [In the United States, the hacking group Anonymous starts releasing names and information about alleged members of the Ku Klux Klan (KKK), a white-supremacist terrorist group originally founded after the Civil War by former Confederate soldiers. Prominent individuals listed deny the allegations. The group says they also infiltrated KKK-affiliated websites, and warned of more action culminating on November 24, the anniversary of the Ferguson, Missouri grand jury's decision not to indict. ](/news/2015/11/2/in-the-united-states-the-hacking-group-anonymous-starts-releasing-names-and-information-about-alleged-members-of-the-ku-klux-klan-kkk-a.md) _Context: terrorism, website_
3. [ Salim Hamdan, the former driver for Osama Bin Laden, is convicted of supporting terrorism in the United States in the first military war crimes trial of a terror suspect captured after the September 11, 2001 attacks. ](/news/2008/08/6/salim-hamdan-the-former-driver-for-osama-bin-laden-is-convicted-of-supporting-terrorism-in-the-united-states-in-the-first-military-war-cr.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 attacks, terrorism_
4. [ September 11, 2001 attacks: A previously unreleased portion of the 9/11 Commission's report details that the Federal Aviation Administration received 52 intelligence reports on potential terrorist attacks by al-Qaeda before September 11, 2001. ](/news/2005/02/10/september-11-2001-attacks-a-previously-unreleased-portion-of-the-9-11-commission-s-report-details-that-the-federal-aviation-administratio.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 attacks, terrorism_
5. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: terrorism_
6. [ A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-two-other-passengers-are-injured-a-pa.md) _Context: terrorism_
7. [German police shoot a man, who was trying to escape after apparently driving into a group of pedestrians in a central square in Heidelberg. A 73-year-old man was killed and two other people injured. Police do not believe terrorism is involved. ](/news/2017/02/25/german-police-shoot-a-man-who-was-trying-to-escape-after-apparently-driving-into-a-group-of-pedestrians-in-a-central-square-in-heidelberg.md) _Context: terrorism_
8. [Turkey probes around 10,000 social media users for allegedly insulting government officials or supporting "terror-related activity." ](/news/2016/12/25/turkey-probes-around-10-000-social-media-users-for-allegedly-insulting-government-officials-or-supporting-terror-related-activity.md) _Context: terrorism_
9. [Two former associates of New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, former deputy chief of staff Bridget Kelly and ex-Port Authority executive Bill Baroni, are found guilty on all seven counts by a federal jury from their roles in the so-called Bridgegate scandal that created crippling traffic near the George Washington Bridge in September 2013. ](/news/2016/11/4/two-former-associates-of-new-jersey-governor-chris-christie-former-deputy-chief-of-staff-bridget-kelly-and-ex-port-authority-executive-bill.md) _Context: Port Authority_
10. [Three people, including the perpetrator, are killed in a shooting in the town of Spalding, Lincolnshire in the United Kingdom. Lincolnshire Police have ruled out a potential link to terrorism. ](/news/2016/07/19/three-people-including-the-perpetrator-are-killed-in-a-shooting-in-the-town-of-spalding-lincolnshire-in-the-united-kingdom-lincolnshire.md) _Context: terrorism_
