### [2004-05-17](/news/2004/05/17/index.md)

#  Ceremonies in Topeka, Kansas, commemorate the 50th anniversary of "Brown v. Board of Education". Both President George W. Bush and presidential candidate John Kerry attend separate ceremonies. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&cid=694&e=3&u=/ap/20040517/ap_on_el_pr/brown_at50)

### Related:

1. [ 48 Nobel laureates endorse John Kerry as they think that he would increase the prosperity, health, environment, and security of Americans. They criticize the Bush administration for reducing funding for scientific research, setting restrictions on stem cell research, ignoring scientific consensus on critical issues such as global warming, and hampering cooperation with foreign scientists by using deterrent immigration and visa practices. ](/news/2004/06/21/48-nobel-laureates-endorse-john-kerry-as-they-think-that-he-would-increase-the-prosperity-health-environment-and-security-of-americans.md) _Context: George W. Bush, John Kerry, presidential campaign_
2. [ Police seal off the Washington, DC, office building housing John Kerry's presidential campaign headquarters after an envelope containing a suspicious white powder is opened by a Kerry staff member. ](/news/2004/07/22/police-seal-off-the-washington-dc-office-building-housing-john-kerry-s-presidential-campaign-headquarters-after-an-envelope-containing-a.md) _Context: John Kerry, presidential campaign_
3. [ Sandy Berger resigns as a foreign affairs advisor to John Kerry's presidential campaign after it is reported that Berger was under investigation for allegedly illegally taking classified documents belonging to the U.S. National Archives, intended for review by the 9/11 Commission, related to the Clinton administration's handling of millennium terror threats. ](/news/2004/07/20/sandy-berger-resigns-as-a-foreign-affairs-advisor-to-john-kerry-s-presidential-campaign-after-it-is-reported-that-berger-was-under-investig.md) _Context: John Kerry, presidential campaign_
4. [ A spokesman for Saudi Arabia strongly denies John Kerry's assertion that it had made an agreement with United States President George W. Bush to manipulate the price of oil for political purposes as the U.S. election approaches. The assertion stems from material in Bob Woodward's new book, "Plan of Attack", detailing the Bush Administration's preparation for the invasion of Iraq. ](/news/2004/04/20/a-spokesman-for-saudi-arabia-strongly-denies-john-kerry-s-assertion-that-it-had-made-an-agreement-with-united-states-president-george-w-bu.md) _Context: George W. Bush, John Kerry_
5. [ Same-sex marriage in the United States: President of the United States George W. Bush urges passage of a constitutional amendment to define marriage as between one man and one woman, as the only way to stop "municipal and judicial activists" from issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples. "If we are to prevent the meaning of marriage from being changed forever, our nation must enact a constitutional amendment." John Kerry denounces the amendment as "toying" or "tampering" with the Constitution of the United States for partisan advantage. ](/news/2004/03/1/same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-urges-passage-of-a-constitutional-amendment-to-define.md) _Context: George W. Bush, John Kerry_
6. [ Russia and the United States will continue talks on Aleppo after talks between the U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov. ](/news/2016/12/9/russia-and-the-united-states-will-continue-talks-on-aleppo-after-talks-between-the-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-and-foreign-minister.md) _Context: John Kerry_
7. [President-elect Donald Trump names Tom Price as United States Secretary of Health and Human Services; former President George W. Bush Administration official and wife of Mitch McConnell Elaine Chao as United States Secretary of Transportation; ](/news/2016/11/29/president-elect-donald-trump-names-tom-price-as-united-states-secretary-of-health-and-human-services-former-president-george-w-bush-admini.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
8. [The Saudi-led military coalition and the Houthis (Ansar Allah) arrive at a ceasefire agreement effective as of 17 November 2016, as a result of talks led by US Secretary of State John Kerry with the region's leaders.](/news/2016/11/16/the-saudi-led-military-coalition-and-the-houthis-ansar-allah-arrive-at-a-ceasefire-agreement-effective-as-of-17-november-2016-as-a-result.md) _Context: John Kerry_
9. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry arrives in Kiev, Ukraine, where he is expected to discuss ways of ending the conflict in the east of the country. The visit, along with his visit to Georgia yesterday, comes ahead of the NATO summit in Warsaw that will take place tomorrow. ](/news/2016/07/7/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-arrives-in-kiev-ukraine-where-he-is-expected-to-discuss-ways-of-ending-the-conflict-in-the-east-of-the.md) _Context: John Kerry_
10. [The United States Secretary of State John Kerry warns Turkey it could lose its NATO membership if it fails to uphold the principles of democracy. Around 8,000 police officers have been sacked in the country following the attempted coup, with more than 6,000 people in the army, the judiciary and other state bodies detained as part of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's crackdown. ](/news/2016/07/18/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-warns-turkey-it-could-lose-its-nato-membership-if-it-fails-to-uphold-the-principles-of-democ.md) _Context: John Kerry_
