### [2004-05-17](/news/2004/05/17/index.md)

#  Iraqi WMD: Brigadier General Mark Kimmitt says that an artillery shell with sarin agent was found after it exploded. Two members of an explosives team are exposed to it, and have been treated. Hans Blix doubts that this was part of a current Iraq WMD, and doubts have been cast as to the accuracy of the field tests.




### Source:

1. [Melbourne HS](http://www.heraldsun.news.com.au/common/story_page/0,5478,9593577%255E1702,00.html)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/printerFriendlyPopup.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=5166415)

### Related:

1. [ US Army kills 40 and wounds 117 others during an attack in Iraq near the border with Syria. Brigadier General Mark Kimmitt, deputy director of operations for the US military in Iraq, tells Reuters the attack was within the military's rules of engagement, denying reports that the victims were members of a wedding party. He says a large amount of money, Syrian passports and satellite communications equipment was found at the site after the attack. ](/news/2004/05/19/us-army-kills-40-and-wounds-117-others-during-an-attack-in-iraq-near-the-border-with-syria-brigadier-general-mark-kimmitt-deputy-director.md) _Context: Brigadier General, Mark Kimmitt_
2. [The Obama administration chooses retired United States Air Force Brigadier General Gregory Touhill the first federal CISO chief, who reports to the CIO of the U.S. Tony Scott. ](/news/2016/09/8/the-obama-administration-chooses-retired-united-states-air-force-brigadier-general-gregory-touhill-the-first-federal-ciso-chief-who-reports.md) _Context: Brigadier General_
3. [A U.S. major general Harold J. Greene is killed, and a German brigadier general and several American troops are among the 15 wounded, in a attack by an Afghan soldier gunman - who was killed by Afghan soldiers - at Kabul's Marshal Fahim National Defense University. ](/news/2014/08/5/a-u-s-major-general-harold-j-greene-is-killed-and-a-german-brigadier-general-and-several-american-troops-are-among-the-15-wounded-in-a-a.md) _Context: Brigadier General_
4. [U.S. Army Brigadier General Bryan T. Roberts, the Commanding General of the U.S. Army Training Center and Fort Jackson in Fort Jackson, South Carolina, is suspended from his duties because of an investigation into alleged adultery (which is treated as a criminal violation, not just a civil matter, in the U.S. military), and for allegedly being in a physical altercation. ](/news/2013/05/21/u-s-army-brigadier-general-bryan-t-roberts-the-commanding-general-of-the-u-s-army-training-center-and-fort-jackson-in-fort-jackson-sout.md) _Context: Brigadier General_
5. [Former MI5 head Baroness Manningham-Buller gives evidence in public before the Iraq Inquiry into Iraq's alleged weapons of mass destruction, admitting that the 2003 invasion of Iraq served to "substantially" increase the security threat to the UK. ](/news/2010/07/20/former-mi5-head-baroness-manningham-buller-gives-evidence-in-public-before-the-iraq-inquiry-into-iraq-s-alleged-weapons-of-mass-destruction.md) _Context: weapons of mass destruction_
6. [ A study released by two non-profit journalism watchdogs concludes that the Bush administration released "an orchestrated campaign" of 935 erroneous public statements about Iraqi weapons of mass destruction and ties to al Qaeda in the months leading up to the U.S. invasion of Iraq. ](/news/2008/01/22/a-study-released-by-two-non-profit-journalism-watchdogs-concludes-that-the-bush-administration-released-an-orchestrated-campaign-of-935-e.md) _Context: weapons of mass destruction_
7. [ Argentinian defense minister Nilda Garr sacks the head of military intelligence, Brigadier General Osvaldo Montero, for plotting to replace her. ](/news/2007/11/22/argentinian-defense-minister-nilda-garre-sacks-the-head-of-military-intelligence-brigadier-general-osvaldo-montero-for-plotting-to-replac.md) _Context: Brigadier General_
8. [ Bluegrass Army Depot Sarin(GB) leak in Lexington, Kentucky. Officials reported the Sarin levels 85 times above the safe limit. The first leak was detected at 3:49PM.](/news/2007/08/27/bluegrass-army-depot-sarin-gb-leak-in-lexington-kentucky-officials-reported-the-sarin-levels-85-times-above-the-safe-limit-the-first-le.md) _Context: Sarin_
9. [ Hans Blix, former United Nations chief arms inspector, suggests that Iran and Israel could support a ban of uranium enrichment in the Middle East. ](/news/2005/05/9/hans-blix-former-united-nations-chief-arms-inspector-suggests-that-iran-and-israel-could-support-a-ban-of-uranium-enrichment-in-the-middl.md) _Context: Hans Blix_
10. [ Preliminary field tests suggest that the shell found near Baghdad on May 15 contained about four liters of the chemical agent sarin, which attacks the nervous system. ](/news/2004/05/18/preliminary-field-tests-suggest-that-the-shell-found-near-baghdad-on-may-15-contained-about-four-liters-of-the-chemical-agent-sarin-which.md) _Context: Sarin_
