### [2004-02-9](/news/2004/02/9/index.md)

#  Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf admits that he had suspected for at least three years that Abdul Qadeer Khan, Pakistan's top nuclear scientist, was sharing nuclear technology with other countries, blaming the United States for not giving him convincing proof of the activities of his own scientist.




### Related:

1. [ Pakistani nuclear scientist Abdul Qadeer Khan publicly admits illegally transferring nuclear secrets to Iran, Libya and North Korea. Following a written apology from Khan, President Pervez Musharraf issues a formal pardon.](/news/2004/02/5/pakistani-nuclear-scientist-abdul-qadeer-khan-publicly-admits-illegally-transferring-nuclear-secrets-to-iran-libya-and-north-korea-follow.md) _Context: Abdul Qadeer Khan, Pervez Musharraf_
2. [ Abdul Qadeer Khan, founder of Pakistan's nuclear weapons program, is removed from his post as a special science and technology adviser to Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf after Khan, three other scientists and three low-level Pakistan Army officers are investigated in connection with the sharing of Pakistani nuclear technology with Iran, Libya and other countries in the late 1980s and early 1990s.](/news/2004/02/1/abdul-qadeer-khan-founder-of-pakistan-s-nuclear-weapons-program-is-removed-from-his-post-as-a-special-science-and-technology-adviser-to-p.md) _Context: Abdul Qadeer Khan, Pervez Musharraf_
3. [Two police officials found guilty of negligence and mistreatment of evidence are sentenced to 17 years in prison. Five accused TTP militants are acquitted. The main suspect, former president Pervez Musharraf, who now resides in Dubai, is declared a fugitive for having failed to show up in court and has his property confiscated. ](/news/2017/08/31/two-police-officials-found-guilty-of-negligence-and-mistreatment-of-evidence-are-sentenced-to-17-years-in-prison-five-accused-ttp-militants.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf_
4. [Former President Pervez Musharraf travels to Dubai for medical treatment of his back and leg, before moving on to either the U.S. or U.K. for additional treatment, spokesperson Aasia Ishaque said. Musharraf, 72, will return to Pakistan to face all pending legal cases. Earlier this week, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's government implemented the Supreme Court ruling, and lifted the 2013 ban that barred Musharraf from international trips. ](/news/2016/03/18/former-president-pervez-musharraf-travels-to-dubai-for-medical-treatment-of-his-back-and-leg-before-moving-on-to-either-the-u-s-or-u-k-fo.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf_
5. [ The travel ban for former Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf is lifted by the Supreme Court of Pakistan. Musharraf is currently facing treason charges in Pakistan. ](/news/2016/03/16/the-travel-ban-for-former-pakistani-president-pervez-musharraf-is-lifted-by-the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-musharraf-is-currently-facing-tr.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf_
6. [Former President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf survives an assassination attempt in Islamabad, Pakistan. There are no reports of injuries. ](/news/2014/04/3/former-president-of-pakistan-pervez-musharraf-survives-an-assassination-attempt-in-islamabad-pakistan-there-are-no-reports-of-injuries.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf_
7. [A Pakistani court charges former President Pervez Musharraf with high treason in relation to the imposition of the emergency rule in 2007. ](/news/2014/03/31/a-pakistani-court-charges-former-president-pervez-musharraf-with-high-treason-in-relation-to-the-imposition-of-the-emergency-rule-in-2007.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf_
8. [Pakistan's ex-president Pervez Musharraf is released on bail. ](/news/2013/11/6/pakistan-s-ex-president-pervez-musharraf-is-released-on-bail.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf_
9. [A Pakistani court indicts former President Pervez Musharraf for his alleged involvement in the 2007 assassination of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto. ](/news/2013/08/20/a-pakistani-court-indicts-former-president-pervez-musharraf-for-his-alleged-involvement-in-the-2007-assassination-of-former-prime-minister-b.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf_
10. [Chaudhry Zulfiqar Ali, a prosecutor with Pakistan's Federal Investigation Agency leading the prosecution of former President Pervez Musharraf over alleged involvement in the assassination of Benazir Bhutto, is shot dead on the way to court in Islamabad. ](/news/2013/05/3/chaudhry-zulfiqar-ali-a-prosecutor-with-pakistan-s-federal-investigation-agency-leading-the-prosecution-of-former-president-pervez-musharra.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf_
