### [2007-10-29](/news/2007/10/29/index.md)

#  Kasereka Kabamba, a Mai Mai militia leader in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, surrenders to Nord-Kivu Army Chief Vainqueur Mayala. Kabamba maintains his forces fought against rebels loyal to Laurent Kabila, in the service of the government. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/7065791.stm)

### Related:

1. [A rebel attack on army positions in the eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo town of Beni leaves at least 31 people dead, including 23 Mai Mai and three FARDC troops. ](/news/2013/05/15/a-rebel-attack-on-army-positions-in-the-eastern-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-town-of-beni-leaves-at-least-31-people-dead-including-23-m.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Mai Mai_
2. [The leader of a Congolese rebel group suspected of being involved in the mass rape of more than 300 civilians is arrested by the Congolese army and United Nations peacekeeping  troops. ](/news/2010/10/7/the-leader-of-a-congolese-rebel-group-suspected-of-being-involved-in-the-mass-rape-of-more-than-300-civilians-is-arrested-by-the-congolese-a.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Mai Mai_
3. [ 2008 Nord-Kivu fighting: War crimes are reported in the Nord-Kivu province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo after a ceasefire is broken and fighting resumes, leaving at least 100 civilians dead. ([http://www.newssafety.com/index.php?view=article&catid=25%3Adrc-security&id=10537%3Amore-than-100-civilians-killed-in-dr-congo-fighting-rights-groups-&option=com_content&Itemid=100168 INSI])](/news/2008/11/18/2008-nord-kivu-fighting-war-crimes-are-reported-in-the-nord-kivu-province-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-after-a-ceasefire-is-bro.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Nord-Kivu_
4. [ Unicef announces Mai-Mai forces have released 232 children they had abducted in North Kivu, Democratic Republic of the Congo. ](/news/2007/11/17/unicef-announces-mai-mai-forces-have-released-232-children-they-had-abducted-in-north-kivu-democratic-republic-of-the-congo.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Mai Mai_
5. [Bundu dia Kongo followers free their leader and 50 other inmates with an attack on the Makala jail of Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of the Congo. ](/news/2017/05/17/bundu-dia-kongo-followers-free-their-leader-and-50-other-inmates-with-an-attack-on-the-makala-jail-of-kinshasa-democratic-republic-of-the-c.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo_
6. [At least 17 new mass graves are discovered  by United Nations investigators in Kasai-Central, Democratic Republic of the Congo, mostly around the town of Tshimbulu. ](/news/2017/04/19/at-least-17-new-mass-graves-are-discovered-by-united-nations-investigators-in-kasaa-central-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-mostly-arou.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo_
7. [The Democratic Republic of the Congo suspends its military cooperation with Belgium. ](/news/2017/04/13/the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-suspends-its-military-cooperation-with-belgium.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo_
8. [Authorities find the remains of two missing U.N. investigators--former Swedish politician Zaida Catalan and U.S. national Michael Sharp--in a shallow grave in the province of Kasai-Central, Democratic Republic of the Congo. ](/news/2017/03/28/authorities-find-the-remains-of-two-missing-u-n-investigatorsaformer-swedish-politician-zaida-catala-n-and-u-s-national-michael-sharpa.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo_
9. [Former Congolese Vice President and warlord Jean-Pierre Bemba, sentenced last year by the International Criminal Court (ICC) to 18 years in prison for war crimes, is given an additional 12 months and fined 300,000 euros for bribing witnesses during an earlier ICC trial. The court also handed jail terms and fines for alleged interference in his trial to members of his legal team. ](/news/2017/03/22/former-congolese-vice-president-and-warlord-jean-pierre-bemba-sentenced-last-year-by-the-international-criminal-court-icc-to-18-years-in.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo_
10. [Two UN officials with MONUSCO--an American and a Swede--are among six people kidnapped  near the village of Ngombe in the Democratic Republic of the Congo's Kasai-Central province. Congolese officials have not identified the kidnappers nor has any group  claimed responsibility. ](/news/2017/03/13/two-un-officials-with-monuscoaan-american-and-a-swedeaare-among-six-people-kidnapped-near-the-village-of-ngombe-in-the-democratic-repub.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo_
