### [2007-10-29](/news/2007/10/29/index.md)

#  People's Republic of China: The Central Committee of the Communist Party of China announces that new Politburo Standing Committee member Li Keqiang has left his post as party secretary of Liaoning and is succeeded by Liaoning Governor Zhang Wenyue. 

Regulators hailed the arrests, made during a nationwide crackdown on tainted food, drugs and agricultural products, as a major step forward for consumer safety.


### Source:

1. [NYT](http://www.nytimes.com/2007/10/30/business/worldbusiness/30yuan.html?ex=1351396800&en=a33605c26d7ce4d3&ei=5088&partner=rssnyt&emc=rss)
2. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/2007-10/29/content_6971301.htm)

### Related:

1. [ Four new members join the Politburo Standing Committee of the Communist Party of China, China's ''de facto'' top power organ. They are Xi Jinping, Li Keqiang, He Guoqiang and Zhou Yongkang. President Hu Jintao and Premier Wen Jiabao retain their seats. ](/news/2007/10/22/four-new-members-join-the-politburo-standing-committee-of-the-communist-party-of-china-china-s-de-facto-top-power-organ-they-are-xi-j.md) _Context: Communist Party of China, Li Keqiang, Politburo Standing Committee_
2. [The National People's Congress names CPC General Secretary Xi Jinping as the new President of the People's Republic of China, Politburo member Li Yuanchao as the new Vice President, Li Keqiang as the new Premier, and Politburo standing member Zhang Dejiang as the Chairman of the NPC Standing Committee. ](/news/2013/03/14/the-national-people-s-congress-names-cpc-general-secretary-xi-jinping-as-the-new-president-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-politburo-memb.md) _Context: Chinese, Li Keqiang_
3. [Media reports in the People's Republic of China claim that former Chongqing Communist Party boss Bo Xilai interfered in a police investigation into a family member before he was dismissed. ](/news/2012/03/20/media-reports-in-the-people-s-republic-of-china-claim-that-former-chongqing-communist-party-boss-bo-xilai-interfered-in-a-police-investigati.md) _Context: Chinese, Communist Party of China_
4. [Chinese Vice-Premier Li Keqiang visits Hong Kong on a three-day official tour; observers indicate that this solidifies his status as the next Premier of China. ](/news/2011/08/16/chinese-vice-premier-li-keqiang-visits-hong-kong-on-a-three-day-official-tour-observers-indicate-that-this-solidifies-his-status-as-the-nex.md) _Context: Chinese, Li Keqiang_
5. [ In a major provincial leadership reshuffle in the People's Republic of China, Lu Zhangong was appointed secretary of the Henan CPC Provincial Committee, replacing Xu Guangchun. Sun Chunlan was appointed secretary of the Fujian CPC Committee. Former Jilin Party chief Wang Min was appointed secretary of the Liaoning CPC Committee, replacing Zhang Wenyue. Former Minister of Agriculture Sun Zhengcai took over as Party chief of Jilin Province. And former governor of Hebei Hu Chunhua was appointed Party chief of Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, replacing Chu Bo, who retired.](/news/2009/11/30/in-a-major-provincial-leadership-reshuffle-in-the-people-s-republic-of-china-lu-zhangong-was-appointed-secretary-of-the-henan-cpc-provinci.md) _Context: Chinese, Zhang Wenyue_
6. [ The Communist Party Chief in rmqi, China, is removed from his post following recent protests over a series of stabbings with hypodermic needles. ](/news/2009/09/5/the-communist-party-chief-in-urumqi-china-is-removed-from-his-post-following-recent-protests-over-a-series-of-stabbings-with-hypodermic-n.md) _Context: Chinese, Communist Party of China_
7. [ General Secretary Hu Jintao of the Communist Party in the People's Republic of China and Nationalist Party Chairman Wu Poh-hsiung in Taiwan meet in Beijing to discuss cross-Strait relations. ](/news/2009/05/26/general-secretary-hu-jintao-of-the-communist-party-in-the-people-s-republic-of-china-and-nationalist-party-chairman-wu-poh-hsiung-in-taiwan.md) _Context: Chinese, Communist Party of China_
8. [ Chinese Communist Party General Secretary Zhao Ziyang's secret memoirs about the 1989 protests in Tiananmen Square are published. ](/news/2009/05/14/chinese-communist-party-general-secretary-zhao-ziyang-s-secret-memoirs-about-the-1989-protests-in-tiananmen-square-are-published.md) _Context: Chinese, Communist Party of China_
9. [ The 17th National Congress of the Communist Party of China opens in Beijing, China, marking the beginning of a 7-day conclave of China's top leadership. General Secretary Hu Jintao delivers the work report for the past five years, and sets the party's direction in the coming five years. Hu also said in the keynote speech that the Communist Party has "fallen short of the people's expectations". ](/news/2007/10/15/the-17th-national-congress-of-the-communist-party-of-china-opens-in-beijing-china-marking-the-beginning-of-a-7-day-conclave-of-china-s-to.md) _Context: Chinese, Communist Party of China_
10. [ According to family members, funeral of the purged Chinese communist leader Zhao Ziyang will be held on next Saturday ](/news/2005/01/27/according-to-family-members-funeral-of-the-purged-chinese-communist-leader-zhao-ziyang-will-be-held-on-next-saturday.md) _Context: Chinese, Communist Party of China_
