### [2005-02-3](/news/2005/02/3/index.md)

#  Pope John Paul II's medical condition is "evolving positively", but the Vatican says the 84-year-old pontiff will remain in hospital for another week. However, there is still concern over the pontiff's continuing fever, which some medical experts fear could be a sign of pneumonia. 




### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/world/story/2005/02/03/newpope050203.html)

### Related:

1. [ Pope John Paul II is on the verge of death as a result of his recent health problems. The Vatican announces that the pope has suffered cardiovascular collapse and septic shock. ](/news/2005/04/1/pope-john-paul-ii-is-on-the-verge-of-death-as-a-result-of-his-recent-health-problems-the-vatican-announces-that-the-pope-has-suffered-card.md) _Context: Pope John Paul II, Roman Curia_
2. [ Former U.S. President George H. W. Bush is hospitalized in intensive care at Houston Methodist Hospital for treatment of pneumonia. His wife, Barbara is also hospitalized. ](/news/2017/01/18/former-u-s-president-george-h-w-bush-is-hospitalized-in-intensive-care-at-houston-methodist-hospital-for-treatment-of-pneumonia-his-wif.md) _Context: pneumonia_
3. [Former Philippines president and current mayor of Manila Joseph Estrada is hospitalized for pneumonia. ](/news/2016/12/23/former-philippines-president-and-current-mayor-of-manila-joseph-estrada-is-hospitalized-for-pneumonia.md) _Context: pneumonia_
4. [United States presidential election, 2016. Hillary Clinton's doctor says she is being treated for pneumonia and dehydration after the Democratic Party presidential candidate fell ill and abruptly left a ceremony in New York City honoring the 15th anniversary of the September 11 attacks. ](/news/2016/09/11/united-states-presidential-election-2016-hillary-clinton-s-doctor-says-she-is-being-treated-for-pneumonia-and-dehydration-after-the-democr.md) _Context: pneumonia_
5. [2016 Taiwan earthquake. The earthquake death toll rises to 116. Tainan's disaster response office says search and rescue operations have ended. The last body was found yesterday. Ninety-six, of the 289 people rescued, remain hospitalized. ](/news/2016/02/14/2016-taiwan-earthquake-the-earthquake-death-toll-rises-to-116-tainan-s-disaster-response-office-says-search-and-rescue-operations-have-end.md) _Context: hospital_
6. [Pope Francis, in his annual pre-Christmas speech, urged the Roman Curia (cardinals and bishops who direct Holy See actions), to follow his "catalogue of virtues," e.g., to show more maturity, honesty, humility, and sobriety in their tasks. He listed "Curial antibiotics" to treat the "15 ailments of the Curia" he outlined last year and which still plague the Vatican. ](/news/2015/12/21/pope-francis-in-his-annual-pre-christmas-speech-urged-the-roman-curia-cardinals-and-bishops-who-direct-holy-see-actions-to-follow-his.md) _Context: Roman Curia_
7. [Martin Shkreli's Turing Pharmaceuticals is reneging on its pledge to cut the $750-per-pill price for Daraprim, a medication that has been marketed for 62 years. Instead, the biotech company is reducing what it charges hospitals, by up to 50 percent, for this parasitic infection treatment. Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, a pharmacy that compounds prescription drugs for individual patients, started selling a custom-made version of Pyrimethamine, the chemical name for Daraprim, for 99 cents per capsule. Impris reports orders are pouring in from doctors. ](/news/2015/11/26/martin-shkreli-s-turing-pharmaceuticals-is-reneging-on-its-pledge-to-cut-the-750-per-pill-price-for-daraprim-a-medication-that-has-been-ma.md) _Context: hospital_
8. [Pope Francis, in an Apostolic Letter, done "Motu Proprio" (Latin: "On his own initiative"), creates the Secretariat for Communications, the second such Secretariat he has created, after the earlier Secretariat for the Economy, as part of a reform of the Roman Curia (Secretariats are the highest level of Curial dicastery, or department). It will incorporate Vatican Information Service (VIS), the News.va and Pope apps, the Vatican Television Center, the Vatican.va website and .va domain name, the L'Osservatore Romano newspaper, the Holy See Press Office, Vatican Radio, and the Pontifical Council for Social Communications. He named the Reverend Monsignor Dario Edoardo Vigano, formerly the Vatican Television Center Director, as the first Prefect. ](/news/2015/06/27/pope-francis-in-an-apostolic-letter-done-motu-proprio-latin-on-his-own-initiative-creates-the-secretariat-for-communications-the.md) _Context: Roman Curia_
9. [At the Vatican, Pope Francis's officials in the Roman Curia formally release the text of his most recent encyclical, "Laudato si"'. The text, which had been quite anticipated by many sides on the climate change debate and been criticized by some for his involvement in the politicized and charged issue, had been previously leaked. ](/news/2015/06/18/at-the-vatican-pope-francis-s-officials-in-the-roman-curia-formally-release-the-text-of-his-most-recent-encyclical-laudato-si-the-text.md) _Context: Roman Curia_
10. [The President of Cuba, Raul Castro, is received in an official private audience with Pope Francis, who will become the third Pope to visit the still officially Communist island before visiting the U.S. this October. Some restrictions on exercise of religion, and a few restrictions on other rights, have been lifted or relaxed, especially after Pope John Paul II's historic 1998 meeting with Fidel Castro, Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI's trip during his reign, and especially in 2014 and earlier this year, after Raul and Francis and U.S. President Barack Obama's diplomatic team dramatically improved U.S.-Cuba relations. President Castro went there to thank Francis, whom he publicly has stated his admiration for, for his efforts, and spoke of the possibility of converting and of officially restoring the Church. ](/news/2015/05/10/the-president-of-cuba-raul-castro-is-received-in-an-official-private-audience-with-pope-francis-who-will-become-the-third-pope-to-visit-t.md) _Context: Pope John Paul II_
