### [2007-08-29](/news/2007/08/29/index.md)

#  John Holmes, the United Nations' emergency relief coordinator, warns that refugees of the Darfur conflict are arming themselves and may soon be able to defend themselves if the Sudanese government renews its attacks. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/6969284.stm)

### Related:

1. [Niger faces total crop failure worse than that of 2005, according to United Nations Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator John Holmes. ](/news/2010/04/28/niger-faces-total-crop-failure-worse-than-that-of-2005-according-to-united-nations-under-secretary-general-for-humanitarian-affairs-and-eme.md) _Context: John Holmes, Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator, United Nations_
2. [ John Holmes, United Nations Emergency Relief Coordinator, warns that the situation in Darfur could collapse if aid workers are prevented from doing their work. ](/news/2007/03/25/john-holmes-united-nations-emergency-relief-coordinator-warns-that-the-situation-in-darfur-could-collapse-if-aid-workers-are-prevented-fr.md) _Context: John Holmes, Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator, United Nations_
3. [Valerie Amos, the United Nations Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator, visits the Baba Amr district in the Syrian city of Homs. ](/news/2012/03/7/valerie-amos-the-united-nations-under-secretary-general-for-humanitarian-affairs-and-emergency-relief-coordinator-visits-the-baba-amr-dist.md) _Context: Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator, United Nations_
4. [Many international leaders stay away from the inauguration of Omar al-Bashir, wanted by the International Criminal Court for war crimes in Darfur, as he is sworn in as President of Sudan but at least five African presidents attend the event along with two UN representatives. ](/news/2010/05/27/many-international-leaders-stay-away-from-the-inauguration-of-omar-al-bashir-wanted-by-the-international-criminal-court-for-war-crimes-in-d.md) _Context: Darfur conflict, United Nations_
5. [ The Sudanese government announces the lifting of a partial ban on United Nations operations in the conflict-hit Darfur region. The ban was made after the government accused the UN of transporting a rebel leader who opposes a recent peace deal. ](/news/2006/06/25/the-sudanese-government-announces-the-lifting-of-a-partial-ban-on-united-nations-operations-in-the-conflict-hit-darfur-region-the-ban-was.md) _Context: Darfur conflict, United Nations_
6. [ The government of Sudan rejects the United Nations' demand that the suspects of war crimes in the violence ridden western Sudanese region of Darfur would be put before the International Criminal Court in The Hague. ](/news/2005/02/17/the-government-of-sudan-rejects-the-united-nations-demand-that-the-suspects-of-war-crimes-in-the-violence-ridden-western-sudanese-region-o.md) _Context: Darfur conflict, United Nations_
7. [ Darfur conflict: United Nations secretary general Kofi Annan warns that the security situation in Darfur is deteriorating. ](/news/2005/01/10/darfur-conflict-united-nations-secretary-general-kofi-annan-warns-that-the-security-situation-in-darfur-is-deteriorating.md) _Context: Darfur conflict, United Nations_
8. [ Darfur conflict: The Sudanese government and rebel leaders sign two accords that include a no-fly zone over Darfur, disarming Janjaweed militia and informing the location of forces to cease-fire monitors. United Nations officials arrive to investigate claims of genocide. ](/news/2004/11/8/darfur-conflict-the-sudanese-government-and-rebel-leaders-sign-two-accords-that-include-a-no-fly-zone-over-darfur-disarming-janjaweed-mil.md) _Context: Darfur conflict, United Nations_
9. [ Darfur conflict: United Nations officials say Sudanese troops have surrounded two refugee camps in Darfur and are blocking access. The Sudanese military say they were asked to protect refugees and evict imposters. ](/news/2004/11/2/darfur-conflict-united-nations-officials-say-sudanese-troops-have-surrounded-two-refugee-camps-in-darfur-and-are-blocking-access-the-suda.md) _Context: Darfur conflict, United Nations_
10. [ Sudanese Civil War: At a special session of the United Nations Security Council in Nairobi, Kenya, the government of Sudan and southern rebels sign an agreement which states that both sides will commit themselves to ending the 21-year conflict by December 31. The Council then unanimously passes a resolution which promises substantial aid to the country after the wars in the south and in the region of Darfur come to an end. ](/news/2004/11/19/sudanese-civil-war-at-a-special-session-of-the-united-nations-security-council-in-nairobi-kenya-the-government-of-sudan-and-southern-reb.md) _Context: Darfur conflict, United Nations_
