### [2007-08-29](/news/2007/08/29/index.md)

#  The Red Cross reports that at least 17,000 are still missing from the former Yugoslavia, including 13,400 from the Bosnian wars, 2,300 from the Croatian conflict and 2,047 from the Kosovo conflict. 

The International Committee of the Red Cross released the figures ahead of the International Day of the Disappeared on Thursday.


### Source:

1. [AFP via NYT](http://www.nytimes.com/2007/08/30/world/europe/30balkans.html?_r=1&ref=europe&oref=slogin)

### Related:

1. [ Albania, Bulgaria, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia, Moldova, Montenegro, Romania, Serbia, Republic of Macedonia, and Kosovo sign the Central European Free Trade Agreement extending the free trade zone to southeastern Europe. ](/news/2006/12/20/albania-bulgaria-bosnia-and-herzegovina-croatia-moldova-montenegro-romania-serbia-republic-of-macedonia-and-kosovo-sign-the-centra.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia, Kosovo_
2. [ Momcilo Perisic, former Yugoslavian army general, hands himself in to the United Nations war crimes tribunal in The Hague. He is charged with complicity of Serbian separatist war crimes in Bosnia and Croatia during the Yugoslav Wars. ](/news/2005/03/7/momailo-peria-ia-former-yugoslavian-army-general-hands-himself-in-to-the-united-nations-war-crimes-tribunal-in-the-hague-he-is-charged.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia, Yugoslavia_
3. [Former Deputy Prime Minister of Serbia and nationalist politician, Vojislav Seselj, is acquitted of all nine charges of committing atrocities in Bosnia and Croatia during the early 1990s by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia. ](/news/2016/03/31/former-deputy-prime-minister-of-serbia-and-nationalist-politician-vojislav-a-ea-elj-is-acquitted-of-all-nine-charges-of-committing-atrocit.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia_
4. [ Bulgaria, Croatia, Hungary and Monaco jointly recognize Kosovo's independence. ](/news/2008/03/19/bulgaria-croatia-hungary-and-monaco-jointly-recognize-kosovo-s-independence.md) _Context: Croatia, Kosovo_
5. [ Republic of Macedonia, Albania and Serbian autonomous province of Kosovo are experiencing blackouts as a result of the 2007 European heatwave that spreads over the Balkans.  It also causes bushfires everywhere in the region between Croatia, Hungary, Serbia and Greece. ](/news/2007/07/24/republic-of-macedonia-albania-and-serbian-autonomous-province-of-kosovo-are-experiencing-blackouts-as-a-result-of-the-2007-european-heatwa.md) _Context: Croatia, Kosovo_
6. [ International Court of Justice (ICJ) begins hearing a landmark genocide case, Bosnia and Herzegovina vs. Serbia and Montenegro.  Bosnia filed a claim alleging violations of the UN Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of Genocide against the former Yugoslavia during the 1992-1995 Bosnian war.  Bosnian genocide case at the ICJ is a first ever genocide court case against a state in the 60 year history of ICJ. ](/news/2006/02/27/international-court-of-justice-icj-begins-hearing-a-landmark-genocide-case-bosnia-and-herzegovina-vs-serbia-and-montenegro-bosnia-fil.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina, Yugoslavia_
7. [Voters in Kosovo go to the polls for a snap election to replace the government of Prime Minister Isa Mustafa, who was removed from office in a no-confidence motion last month. ](/news/2017/06/11/voters-in-kosovo-go-to-the-polls-for-a-snap-election-to-replace-the-government-of-prime-minister-isa-mustafa-who-was-removed-from-office-in.md) _Context: Kosovo_
8. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: Croatia_
9. [Serbian President Tomislav Nikolic accuses Kosovo of "seeking a war" after a train, en route to the Serb-majority city of Mitrovica in North Kosovo, and decorated in Serbian national colors and the words "''Kosovo je Srbija''" (Kosovo is Serbia), was prevented from crossing the Kosovan border. The Prime Minister of Kosovo Isa Mustafa says the train had been stopped "to protect the country's sovereignty". ](/news/2017/01/15/serbian-president-tomislav-nikolia-accuses-kosovo-of-seeking-a-war-after-a-train-en-route-to-the-serb-majority-city-of-mitrovica-in-nort.md) _Context: Kosovo_
10. [Croatian lawmakers approve conservative Croatian Democratic Union party leader Andrej Plenkovic's new coalition government 91-45. ](/news/2016/10/19/croatian-lawmakers-approve-conservative-croatian-democratic-union-party-leader-andrej-plenkovia-s-new-coalition-government-91a45.md) _Context: Croatia_
