### [2007-08-29](/news/2007/08/29/index.md)

#  Three Palestinian children are killed in an explosion between Beit Lahiya and the Jabalya refugee camp in the Gaza Strip caused by Israeli tank fire. The Israeli Defence Forces later claim they were aiming for rocket launchers in the area directed towards Israel, but eyewitnesses and medical sources said that there were no gunmen or rocket launchers at the scene. 

Eyewitnesses in Gaza say girl, two boys killed and a number of other children injured from IDF artillery shell fired at group of people between Beit Lahiya and Jabalya refugee camp in the northern strip; IDF sources say military attacked rocket launchers


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/6969111.stm)
2. [YNet](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3443544,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel kills senior Hamas official, Ismail Abu Shanab, by a missile strike in the Gaza Strip and sent tanks into the West Bank towns of Nablus, Jenin and Tulkarem in response to a deadly suicide bombing of a bus in Jerusalem. In Hebron, troops destroy the terrorist bomber's home. Hamas and Islamic Jihad end their participation in the cease fire (in response to Israel's action from the two groups' bombing), declaring themselves as enemies to the peace plan, and vow further terrorist acts. The militants demand that Palestinian prime minister, Mahmoud Abbas, leave their area of control.](/news/2003/08/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-kills-senior-hamas-official-ismail-abu-shanab-by-a-missile-strike-in-the-gaza-strip-and-sent-tanks-i.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian, tank_
2. [Israel ground troops invade the West Bank and Gaza Strip in her largest offensive since the 1982 invasion of Lebanon. Dozens of tanks occupy Ramallah. Thirty-seven total dead so far, Israeli and Palestinian.](/news/2002/03/12/israel-ground-troops-invade-the-west-bank-and-gaza-strip-in-her-largest-offensive-since-the-1982-invasion-of-lebanon-dozens-of-tanks-occupy.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian, tank_
3. [Israel revokes permits for 500 Palestinians from the Gaza Strip to enter Jerusalem for Friday prayers following a rocket attack on southern Israel. ](/news/2015/06/24/israel-revokes-permits-for-500-palestinians-from-the-gaza-strip-to-enter-jerusalem-for-friday-prayers-following-a-rocket-attack-on-southern.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian_
4. [Palestinian militants fire rockets from the Gaza Strip into Israel severely injuring an elder. Israel launches a missile strike in return, killing two Palestinians. ](/news/2012/06/23/palestinian-militants-fire-rockets-from-the-gaza-strip-into-israel-severely-injuring-an-elder-israel-launches-a-missile-strike-in-return-k.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian_
5. [Two Palestinians held in Israeli prisons are reportedly close to death, having refused to eat for 74 days. A further 1,600 prisoners have been on hunger strike since 17 April. Leaders of the strikers wait for a response from the Israeli Prison Service to calls for negotiation on issues such as the allowing of family visits for prisoners from Gaza and the ending of the use of extended solitary confinement. ](/news/2012/05/12/two-palestinians-held-in-israeli-prisons-are-reportedly-close-to-death-having-refused-to-eat-for-74-days-a-further-1-600-prisoners-have-be.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian clashes subside as a truce between Israel and Palestinians militants in the Gaza Strip comes into effect. ](/news/2012/03/13/israeli-palestinian-clashes-subside-as-a-truce-between-israel-and-palestinians-militants-in-the-gaza-strip-comes-into-effect.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian_
7. [Palestinian militants on the Gaza Strip fire rockets and mortars into Israel despite a truce. ](/news/2011/08/22/palestinian-militants-on-the-gaza-strip-fire-rockets-and-mortars-into-israel-despite-a-truce.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian_
8. [Thousands of Palestinians cross the Rafah Border Crossing into the Gaza Strip following its opening by Egypt, but Egypt prevents hundreds of activists from entering and Hamas continues to refuse Red Cross visits for captured Israeli soldier, Gilad Shalit. ](/news/2010/06/12/thousands-of-palestinians-cross-the-rafah-border-crossing-into-the-gaza-strip-following-its-opening-by-egypt-but-egypt-prevents-hundreds-of.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian_
9. [ Israeli jets bomb a building in the Gaza Strip which the military says hides a tunnel that Palestinian militants could use to infiltrate Israel. ](/news/2009/08/30/israeli-jets-bomb-a-building-in-the-gaza-strip-which-the-military-says-hides-a-tunnel-that-palestinian-militants-could-use-to-infiltrate-is.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian_
10. [ An unmanned Palestinian fishing vessel explodes near an Israeli Navy patrol in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2009/04/13/an-unmanned-palestinian-fishing-vessel-explodes-near-an-israeli-navy-patrol-in-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian_
