### [2011-11-11](/news/2011/11/11/index.md)

# An armed hijacker claiming to have a bomb takes control of a ferry on the Sea of Marmara near the Turkish port of Izmit but is later killed by the Turkish military. 

Assailant armed with explosives had taken control of ferry carrying 20 people; all passengers rescued after 12 hour siege; PKK suspected.


### Source:

1. [AP via Google](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5jYhjEzfeWcoUHJSouTbGZSXwyTSQ?docId=fd2c648f55224d4bb478ace076f48afa)
2. [Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/MiddleEast/Article.aspx?id=245285)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: American-led intervention in Syria: At least 47 ISIL militants have been killed by Turkish and U.S.-led bombing raids by fighter jets on the town of al-Bab in the last 24 hours, with the Turkish Armed Forces attacking 135 other ISIL targets in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/02/3/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-at-least-47-isil-militants-have-been-killed-by-turkish-and-u-s-led-bombing-raids-by-f.md) _Context: Turkey, Turkish troops_
2. [Kurdish-Turkish conflict (1978-present): Turkish Armed Forces claims that it has killed three Kurdistan Workers' Party fighters in air strikes in southeastern Turkey near the borders with Iraq. ](/news/2016/09/1/kurdish-turkish-conflict-1978-present-turkish-armed-forces-claims-that-it-has-killed-three-kurdistan-workers-party-fighters-in-air-s.md) _Context: Turkey, Turkish troops_
3. [At least seven people are killed and eight are injured after a helicopter carrying Turkish Armed Forces personnel crashes in Turkey's northern Giresun Province, on the Black Sea coast. ](/news/2016/07/5/at-least-seven-people-are-killed-and-eight-are-injured-after-a-helicopter-carrying-turkish-armed-forces-personnel-crashes-in-turkey-s-northe.md) _Context: Turkey, Turkish troops_
4. [Military intervention against ISIL: Turkish Armed Forces shell ISIL positions hours after projectiles hit Turkey's Kilis Province. ](/news/2016/04/7/military-intervention-against-isil-turkish-armed-forces-shell-isil-positions-hours-after-projectiles-hit-turkey-s-kilis-province.md) _Context: Turkey, Turkish troops_
5. [Turkey-PKK conflict (2015-present): Turkey declares a curfew in the town of Yuksekova on the border with Iran as Turkish forces prepare an offensive against the PKK. ](/news/2016/03/13/turkey-pkk-conflict-2015-present-turkey-declares-a-curfew-in-the-town-of-ya1-4ksekova-on-the-border-with-iran-as-turkish-forces-prepare.md) _Context: Turkey, Turkish troops_
6. [Spillover of the Syrian Civil War: A rocket fired from ISIL-controlled territory in Syria's Aleppo Governorate, kills at least one person and injures another in the Turkish city of Kilis, close to the Syria-Turkey border. The Turkish military responded with artillery fire on ISIL positions. ](/news/2016/01/18/spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-a-rocket-fired-from-isil-controlled-territory-in-syria-s-aleppo-governorate-kills-at-least-one-person-an.md) _Context: Turkey, Turkish troops_
7. [PKK rebellion (2015-present): Turkish security forces kill at least 32 Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) militants over the weekend, in military operations across the embattled Kurdish-majority southeast. ](/news/2016/01/10/pkk-rebellion-2015-present-turkish-security-forces-kill-at-least-32-kurdistan-workers-party-pkk-militants-over-the-weekend-in-milit.md) _Context: Turkey, Turkish troops_
8. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Turkey refuses to withdraw its forces from northern Iraq despite being given a 48 hour ultimatum by Iraq to leave the country. Turkey says the troops are there as part of an international mission to train and equip Iraqi forces to fight against the Islamic State. The Iraqi government says it never invited such a force, and will take its case to the United Nations if they are not pulled out. ](/news/2015/12/7/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-turkey-refuses-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-northern-iraq-despite-being-given-a-48-hour-ultimatum-by-iraq-t.md) _Context: Turkey, Turkish troops_
9. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Iraq's government gives Turkey 48 hours to withdraw its forces from northern Iraq or face "all available options", including recourse to the UN Security Council. ](/news/2015/12/6/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-iraq-s-government-gives-turkey-48-hours-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-northern-iraq-or-face-all-available-o.md) _Context: Turkey, Turkish troops_
10. [Turkey-PKK conflict: Fighting in the south-eastern Sirnak Province kills thirty-four PKK militants, four civilians, and two Turkish soldiers. Also, the Turkish military conducts airstrikes on PKK camps in Iraq's northern Dohuk Governorate. ](/news/2015/09/26/turkey-pkk-conflict-fighting-in-the-south-eastern-aa-rnak-province-kills-thirty-four-pkk-militants-four-civilians-and-two-turkish-sold.md) _Context: Turkey, Turkish troops_
