### [2011-11-11](/news/2011/11/11/index.md)

# Sidney Nsubuga Enoch is jailed for 35 years in Uganda for the murder of gay activist David Kato in January. 

A man who confessed to murdering a Ugandan gay activist by beating him with a hammer has been sentenced to 30 years in prison for the crime, a local newspaper reported on Friday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/11/11/us-uganda-rights-idUSTRE7AA1IN20111111?feedType=RSS&feedName=worldNews&utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+reuters%2FworldNews+%28News+%2F+US+%2F+International%29)

### Related:

1. [The UK gives a lesbian from Uganda an injunction to temporarily prevent her deportation to the country where gay activist David Kato was murdered earlier this week. ](/news/2011/01/29/the-uk-gives-a-lesbian-from-uganda-an-injunction-to-temporarily-prevent-her-deportation-to-the-country-where-gay-activist-david-kato-was-mur.md) _Context: David Kato, Uganda_
2. [Murder of David Kato:The funeral is held in a village near Kampala for David Kato, a gay rights activist in Uganda. He was recently murdered after successfully suing ''Rolling Stone'' for naming him as gay on its front cover, and had been receiving death threats. A pastor causes controversy by preaching for homosexuals to repent but is swiftly taken away.  ](/news/2011/01/28/murder-of-david-kato-pthe-funeral-is-held-in-a-village-near-kampala-for-david-kato-a-gay-rights-activist-in-uganda-he-was-recently-murdere.md) _Context: David Kato, Uganda_
3. [Murder of David Kato:Ugandan gay rights activist David Kato, who was named in tabloid paper ''Rolling Stone'' last year, is found murdered. ](/news/2011/01/27/murder-of-david-kato-pugandan-gay-rights-activist-david-kato-who-was-named-in-tabloid-paper-rolling-stone-last-year-is-found-murdered.md) _Context: David Kato, Uganda_
4. [Fourteen police and 41 militants are killed in clashes in western Uganda, leading to the arrest of tribal Rwenzururu king Charles Mumbere. ](/news/2016/11/27/fourteen-police-and-41-militants-are-killed-in-clashes-in-western-uganda-leading-to-the-arrest-of-tribal-rwenzururu-king-charles-mumbere.md) _Context: Uganda_
5. [A magnitude 5.7 earthquake occurs in northern Tanzania, near Lake Victoria, killing at least 13 people and injuring 200 others. Tanzanian authorities report significant damage in the town of Bukoba. The governments of Burundi, Kenya, Rwanda, and Uganda report tremors. ](/news/2016/09/10/a-magnitude-5-7-earthquake-occurs-in-northern-tanzania-near-lake-victoria-killing-at-least-13-people-and-injuring-200-others-tanzanian-au.md) _Context: Uganda_
6. [In compliance with recent UN Security Council resolutons, President Yoweri Museveni of Uganda announces an end to security and military cooperation with North Korea. ](/news/2016/05/29/in-compliance-with-recent-un-security-council-resolutons-president-yoweri-museveni-of-uganda-announces-an-end-to-security-and-military-coop.md) _Context: Uganda_
7. [Ethiopia-South Korea relationsSouth Korean  President Park Geun-hye, during her state visit to Ethiopia to work toward full-scale defense cooperation, pledges $1 million in aid for drought recovery. Park is expected to continue to Uganda and Kenya after this visit. ](/news/2016/05/26/ethiopia-south-korea-relationspsouth-korean-president-park-geun-hye-during-her-state-visit-to-ethiopia-to-work-toward-full-scale-defense-c.md) _Context: Uganda_
8. [Uganda arrests  opposition leader Kizza Besigye as he addressed a crowd of supporters in the capital Kampala, and shuts down access to social media within the country prior  to  President Yoweri Museveni's inauguration tomorrow. ](/news/2016/05/11/uganda-arrests-opposition-leader-kizza-besigye-as-he-addressed-a-crowd-of-supporters-in-the-capital-kampala-and-shuts-down-access-to-socia.md) _Context: Uganda_
9. [Voters in Uganda go to the polls for a general election to elect a new President of Uganda as well as for parliamentary and local elections. The Presidential race with eight candidates including incumbent Yoweri Museveni and seven challengers is tipped to be the closest in the nation's history. ](/news/2016/02/18/voters-in-uganda-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-to-elect-a-new-president-of-uganda-as-well-as-for-parliamentary-and-local-elections.md) _Context: Uganda_
10. [Dominic Ongwen, a former commander of the Lord's Resistance Army in Uganda, appears before the International Criminal Court in a hearing to determine whether a criminal trial should go ahead. ](/news/2016/01/21/dominic-ongwen-a-former-commander-of-the-lord-s-resistance-army-in-uganda-appears-before-the-international-criminal-court-in-a-hearing-to.md) _Context: Uganda_
