### [2011-11-11](/news/2011/11/11/index.md)

# The Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea issues orders for the arrest of Deputy Prime Minister Belden Namah and Attorney General Allan Marat over contempt of court charges. 




### Source:

1. [AAP via Yahoo News Australia](http://au.news.yahoo.com/thewest/a/-/world/11582298/png-police-to-act-on-minister-arrest-order/)

### Related:

1. [Belden Namah, the Deputy Prime Minister of Papua New Guinea, and Allan Marat, the Attorney General, agree to hand themselves into Police following a ruling by the Supreme Court. ](/news/2011/11/13/belden-namah-the-deputy-prime-minister-of-papua-new-guinea-and-allan-marat-the-attorney-general-agree-to-hand-themselves-into-police-fol.md) _Context: Allan Marat, Belden Namah, Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea_
2. [The governments of Papua New Guinea and Australia confirm that the Manus Regional Processing Centre will close following a ruling by the Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea. ](/news/2016/08/17/the-governments-of-papua-new-guinea-and-australia-confirm-that-the-manus-regional-processing-centre-will-close-following-a-ruling-by-the-sup.md) _Context: Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea_
3. [Refugee rights: Australia-Papua New Guinea relations: Australian Immigration Minister Peter Dutton says Australia and Papua New Guinea will hold emergency talks next week about asylum seekers Australia has been holding on PNG's Los Negros Island in Manus Province. Tuesday, the Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea ruled this detention is illegal, and ordered the PNG and Australian governments to immediately take steps to end it. An Iranian refugee detainee remains in critical condition after setting himself on fire yesterday to protest Australia's treatment of refugees while the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees was visiting the island. ](/news/2016/04/28/refugee-rights-australia-papua-new-guinea-relations-australian-immigration-minister-peter-dutton-says-australia-and-papua-new-guinea-wil.md) _Context: Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea_
4. [The Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea rules that Australia's detention of asylum seekers on Manus Island breaches the right to personal liberty under the constitution. ](/news/2016/04/26/the-supreme-court-of-papua-new-guinea-rules-that-australia-s-detention-of-asylum-seekers-on-manus-island-breaches-the-right-to-personal-libe.md) _Context: Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea_
5. ["Miller v. Davis": Kim Davis, the county clerk of Rowan County in the U.S. state of Kentucky, is released from jail on contempt of court charges but she may not interfere with her deputy clerks issuing marriage certificates to same sex couples. ](/news/2015/09/8/miller-v-davis-kim-davis-the-county-clerk-of-rowan-county-in-the-u-s-state-of-kentucky-is-released-from-jail-on-contempt-of-court-cha.md) _Context: contempt of court_
6. ["Miller v. Davis": Kim Davis, the Rowan County, Kentucky, clerk, is jailed for contempt of court for continuing to refuse, on grounds of religious freedom, to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples per U.S. District Judge David Bunning's August 12, 2015, order. The deputy clerks are ordered to issue these licenses. ](/news/2015/09/3/miller-v-davis-kim-davis-the-rowan-county-kentucky-clerk-is-jailed-for-contempt-of-court-for-continuing-to-refuse-on-grounds-of-rel.md) _Context: contempt of court_
7. [A warrant is issued for the arrest of Peter O'Neill, Prime Minister of Papua New Guinea, in relation to a fraud case related to alleged payment of millions of dollars in illegal payments to a law firm. The Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea later stays the warrant. ](/news/2014/06/16/a-warrant-is-issued-for-the-arrest-of-peter-o-neill-prime-minister-of-papua-new-guinea-in-relation-to-a-fraud-case-related-to-alleged-paym.md) _Context: Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea_
8. [A warrant is issued for the arrest of Belden Namah, the Leader of the Opposition in Papua New Guinea over claims he threatened the police commissioner in a letter. ](/news/2014/01/18/a-warrant-is-issued-for-the-arrest-of-belden-namah-the-leader-of-the-opposition-in-papua-new-guinea-over-claims-he-threatened-the-police-co.md) _Context: Belden Namah_
9. [The Supreme Court of Pakistan disqualifies prime minister Yousaf Raza Gillani from holding office after Gillani was found guilty in a contempt-of-court case on April 26. ](/news/2012/06/19/the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-disqualifies-prime-minister-yousaf-raza-gillani-from-holding-office-after-gillani-was-found-guilty-in-a-contem.md) _Context: contempt of court_
10. [The Parliament of Papua New Guinea meets to choose a new Prime Minister after a ruling by the Supreme Court last week, with "de facto" Prime Minister Peter O'Neill again chosen. ](/news/2012/05/30/the-parliament-of-papua-new-guinea-meets-to-choose-a-new-prime-minister-after-a-ruling-by-the-supreme-court-last-week-with-de-facto-prime.md) _Context: Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea_
