### [2016-01-28](/news/2016/01/28/index.md)

# The seventh Republican Party presidential debate, the second hosted by Fox News, and the final debate before voting begins with the Iowa caucuses on February 1, is held in Des Moines, Iowa. The seven candidates featuring in the primetime debate were Jeb Bush, Ben Carson, Chris Christie, Ted Cruz, John Kasich, Rand Paul and Marco Rubio. Donald Trump, the current front-runner in the polls, was also invited to the primetime debate but opted to boycott the debate and instead hosted a town hall with charitable proceeds going to veterans groups. 

Tensions between Republican presidential hopefuls Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio erupted over immigration and more Thursday night during the Fox News/Google debate, as the campaigns tried to put aside their battles with front-runner Donald Trump.


### Source:

1. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2016/01/29/cruz-rubio-tensions-flare-at-trump-less-gop-debate.html)
1. [Cover Image](http://a57.foxnews.com/media2.foxnews.com/BrightCove/694940094001/2016/01/28/0/0/694940094001_4727215413001_6c5812e4-26b9-4cb9-9f6f-09738c65eb37.jpg?ve=1)

### Related:

1. [The eleventh Republican Party presidential debate of the election cycle takes place at the Fox Theatre in downtown Detroit, Michigan, airing live on Fox News Channel. The debate features four Republican candidates, Donald Trump, Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio and John Kasich. Ben Carson was also invited to the debate but he said that he would not be attending. An estimated 16.9 million viewers watched the debate, 5.5 million of them adults aged 25-54, making it the most watched debate since December 2015. ](/news/2016/03/3/the-eleventh-republican-party-presidential-debate-of-the-election-cycle-takes-place-at-the-fox-theatre-in-downtown-detroit-michigan-airing.md) _Context: Ben Carson, Donald Trump, Fox News, John Kasich, Marco Rubio, Republican, Republican Party presidential debates, 2016, Ted Cruz_
2. [The presidential campaigns of Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Governor of Ohio John Kasich announce they will now coordinate strategies to stop fellow Republican Donald Trump from becoming the party's nominee. Cruz's campaign will cut campaigning in Oregon and New Mexico to help Kasich, while the Kasich campaign will give Cruz a "clear path" in Indiana. ](/news/2016/04/25/the-presidential-campaigns-of-texas-senator-ted-cruz-and-governor-of-ohio-john-kasich-announce-they-will-now-coordinate-strategies-to-stop-f.md) _Context: Donald Trump, John Kasich, Republican, Ted Cruz_
3. [Republican Party voters, in precinct gatherings, hold the Nevada caucuses with Donald Trump winning, Marco Rubio coming second, and Ted Cruz finishing in third place. ](/news/2016/02/23/republican-party-voters-in-precinct-gatherings-hold-the-nevada-caucuses-with-donald-trump-winning-marco-rubio-coming-second-and-ted-cruz.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Marco Rubio, Republican, Ted Cruz_
4. [Voters in Iowa go to Democratic and Republican Party caucuses in the first formal stage of the U.S. elections. [https://www.yahoo.com/politics/iowa-on-our-minds-as-the-campaign-nears-its-063213666.html (Yahoo! politics)]Hillary Clinton narrowly wins the Democratic caucus; this makes her the first woman to win an Iowa caucus. [http://thehill.com/blogs/ballot-box/presidential-races/bernie-sanders-iowa-results-gain-error-recount-hillary-clinton (The Hill)] [http://whotv.com/2016/02/01/iowans-could-witness-history-once-again-in-2016/ (Who TV)]Ted Cruz wins the Republican caucus; this makes him the first Hispanic person to win an Iowa caucus. [http://edition.cnn.com/2016/02/01/politics/iowa-caucuses-updates-real-time/index.html (CNN)] [http://latino.foxnews.com/latino/politics/2016/02/01/iowans-to-choose-trump-aggressiveness-cruz-conservatism-or-rubio-moderation/ Fox News Latino]Republican candidate Mike Huckabee suspends his campaign. [http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/mike-huckabee-suspends-2016-presidential-race/story?id=36654628 (ABC Go)] [http://edition.cnn.com/2016/02/01/politics/iowa-caucuses-updates-real-time/index.html (CNN)]Democratic candidate Martin O'Malley suspends his campaign. [https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/omalley-to-suspend-his-campaign-according-to-campaign-adviser/2016/02/01/4e1a4572-c77c-11e5-a4aa-f25866ba0dc6_story.html "(Washington Post)"]](/news/2016/02/1/voters-in-iowa-go-to-democratic-and-republican-party-caucuses-in-the-first-formal-stage-of-the-u-s-elections-https-www-yahoo-com-politi.md) _Context: Iowa, Republican, Ted Cruz, caucuses_
5. [CNN announces the September 16, prime time presidential debate panel. Carly Fiorina, who had sufficient poll support following the first debate, will join the top 10 leaders, such as Donald Trump, Jeb Bush, Scott Walker, and Ben Carson. The remaining four candidates, Rick Santorum, Bobby Jindal, George Pataki and Lindsey Graham, will appear earlier that evening. Because he did not get sufficient poll numbers, Jim Gilmore is now excluded. ](/news/2015/09/11/cnn-announces-the-september-16-prime-time-presidential-debate-panel-carly-fiorina-who-had-sufficient-poll-support-following-the-first-deb.md) _Context: Ben Carson, Donald Trump, Jeb Bush, Republican Party presidential debates, 2016_
6. [The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-primaries-neurosurgeon-ben-carson-and-gover.md) _Context: Ben Carson, Donald Trump, Republican_
7. [Senator Ted Cruz, the runner-up in the race for the Republican Party nomination, is booed off stage after giving a speech and refusing to endorse Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/07/20/senator-ted-cruz-the-runner-up-in-the-race-for-the-republican-party-nomination-is-booed-off-stage-after-giving-a-speech-and-refusing-to-en.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Republican, Ted Cruz_
8. [Ohio Governor John Kasich suspends his campaign. He was the last Republican Party challenger to Donald Trump for the GOP presidential nomination. ](/news/2016/05/4/ohio-governor-john-kasich-suspends-his-campaign-he-was-the-last-republican-party-challenger-to-donald-trump-for-the-gop-presidential-nomina.md) _Context: Donald Trump, John Kasich, Republican_
9. [Republican candidate Ted Cruz fires campaign spokesman Rick Tyler who posted incorrect information on Twitter about candidate Marco Rubio. ](/news/2016/02/22/republican-candidate-ted-cruz-fires-campaign-spokesman-rick-tyler-who-posted-incorrect-information-on-twitter-about-candidate-marco-rubio.md) _Context: Marco Rubio, Republican, Ted Cruz_
10. [Voters in the U.S. state of Iowa go to the polls for electoral caucuses, with Mitt Romney defeating Rick Santorum by 8 votes in the Republican Party contest, and Ron Paul following in third place. ](/news/2012/01/3/voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-iowa-go-to-the-polls-for-electoral-caucuses-with-mitt-romney-defeating-rick-santorum-by-8-votes-in-the-republic.md) _Context: Iowa, Republican, caucuses_
