### [2016-01-28](/news/2016/01/28/index.md)

# The trial of former President of the Ivory Coast Laurent Gbagbo for crimes against humanity begins at the International Criminal Court in The Hague. 

Ivory Coast ex-President Laurent Gbagbo denies charges of crimes against humanity, as his landmark trial opens in The Hague.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-africa-35424653#)

### Related:

1. [It is announced that Laurent Gbagbo, the former President of Cte d'Ivoire, has been transferred to the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands, to face trial for crimes against humanity. ](/news/2011/11/30/it-is-announced-that-laurent-gbagbo-the-former-president-of-cote-d-ivoire-has-been-transferred-to-the-international-criminal-court-in-the.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Laurent Gbagbo, The Hague_
2. [A Filipino lawyer files a complaint of "mass murder and crimes against humanity" against Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte and eleven other officials at the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2017/04/24/a-filipino-lawyer-files-a-complaint-of-mass-murder-and-crimes-against-humanity-against-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-and-eleven-ot.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, The Hague_
3. [The United Nations General Assembly humanitarian committee adopts, by a 112&ndash;19 vote (with 50 abstentions), a resolution that condemns North Korea for gross violations of human rights and supports referring the country and its leaders to the International Criminal Court in The Hague. The resolution will be sent to the full General Assembly, where it is expected to pass, given the committee vote. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-united-nations-general-assembly-humanitarian-committee-adopts-by-a-112-ndash-19-vote-with-50-abstentions-a-resolution-that-condemns.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, The Hague_
4. [Congolese war crimes suspect Bosco Ntaganda appears before the International Criminal Court at The Hague for the first time, following his surprise surrender last week. ](/news/2013/03/26/congolese-war-crimes-suspect-bosco-ntaganda-appears-before-the-international-criminal-court-at-the-hague-for-the-first-time-following-his-s.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, The Hague_
5. [Congolese warlord Thomas Lubanga is sentenced to 14 years' imprisonment by the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands, after Lubanga's conviction of recruiting and using child soldiers and other human rights violations during the Ituri conflict on March 14. ](/news/2012/07/10/congolese-warlord-thomas-lubanga-is-sentenced-to-14-years-imprisonment-by-the-international-criminal-court-in-the-hague-netherlands-after.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, The Hague_
6. [The International Criminal Court in the Hague delivers a verdict of guilty in the case of Thomas Lubanga Dyilo of the Democratic Republic of the Congo on war crimes charges. ](/news/2012/03/14/the-international-criminal-court-in-the-hague-delivers-a-verdict-of-guilty-in-the-case-of-thomas-lubanga-dyilo-of-the-democratic-republic-of.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, The Hague_
7. [Former Cte d'Ivoire President Laurent Gbagbo appears before the International Criminal Court to face charges of crimes against humanity. ](/news/2011/12/5/former-cote-d-ivoire-president-laurent-gbagbo-appears-before-the-international-criminal-court-to-face-charges-of-crimes-against-humanity.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Laurent Gbagbo_
8. [Dozens of people are killed in fighting between the National Armed Forces of Cote d'Ivoire and forces loyal to former President of the Ivory Coast Laurent Gbagbo in Abidjan. ](/news/2011/05/3/dozens-of-people-are-killed-in-fighting-between-the-national-armed-forces-of-ca-te-d-ivoire-and-forces-loyal-to-former-president-of-the-ivor.md) _Context: Laurent Gbagbo, President of the Ivory Coast_
9. [2010-2011 Ivorian crisis: Heavy fighting continues in Abidjan, the largest city in the Ivory Coast between forces loyal to current President of the Ivory Coast Laurent Gbagbo and internationally-recognised claimant Alassane Ouattara. ](/news/2011/04/1/2010a2011-ivorian-crisis-heavy-fighting-continues-in-abidjan-the-largest-city-in-the-ivory-coast-between-forces-loyal-to-current-preside.md) _Context: Laurent Gbagbo, President of the Ivory Coast_
10. [The United Nations is investigating suspected transfer of weapons from Zimbabwe to Ivory Coast's incumbent President of the Ivory Coast Laurent Gbagbo in violation of UN sanctions. ](/news/2011/03/4/the-united-nations-is-investigating-suspected-transfer-of-weapons-from-zimbabwe-to-ivory-coast-s-incumbent-president-of-the-ivory-coast-laur.md) _Context: Laurent Gbagbo, President of the Ivory Coast_
