### [2016-01-28](/news/2016/01/28/index.md)

# Yemeni Civil War (2015-present). At least seven people are killed in a suicide bomb attack near the presidential palace in Aden, Yemen. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims it was behind the attack. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-35432428)

### Related:

1. [ Yemeni civil war (2015-present). At least 41 army recruits are killed and 60 others injured in a suicide car bomb attack in Aden, Yemen. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant group claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/05/23/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-at-least-41-army-recruits-are-killed-and-60-others-injured-in-a-suicide-car-bomb-attack-in-aden-yemen.md) _Context: Aden, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Yemen, Yemeni conflict_
2. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present). 2016 Aden car bombing. At least 22 people are killed following three suicide bombings in the Yemeni port city of Aden. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the bombings. ](/news/2016/03/25/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-2016-aden-car-bombing-at-least-22-people-are-killed-following-three-suicide-bombings-in-the-yemeni-port.md) _Context: Aden, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Yemen, Yemeni conflict_
3. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present). December 2016 Aden suicide bombing. A suicide bomber kills at least 50 soldiers and injures 70 more at a military barracks in Aden, Yemen. ](/news/2016/12/10/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-december-2016-aden-suicide-bombing-a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-50-soldiers-and-injures-70-more-at-a.md) _Context: Aden, Yemen, Yemeni conflict_
4. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present). The death toll of a suicide bombing in the southern Yemeni city of Aden rises to at least 71. Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/08/29/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-the-death-toll-of-a-suicide-bombing-in-the-southern-yemeni-city-of-aden-rises-to-at-least-71-islamic-sta.md) _Context: Aden, Yemen, Yemeni conflict_
5. [Yemeni civil war (2015-present). A suicide bombing kills at least 30 and injures 70 others in the southern city of Mukalla, Yemen. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for attack. ](/news/2016/05/15/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-a-suicide-bombing-kills-at-least-30-and-injures-70-others-in-the-southern-city-of-mukalla-yemen-the-isl.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Yemen, Yemeni conflict_
6. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present). Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen. The United Arab Emirates pulls its troops out of Yemen amid mounting casualties among its forces battling Shia Houthi militants and rising tensions with local fighters in Aden, southern Yemen, which escalated yesterday when Aden International Airport was stormed by local pro-government gunmen. The airport has now been closed. ](/news/2016/02/24/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-the-united-arab-emirates-pulls-its-troops-out-of-yemen-amid-moun.md) _Context: Aden, Yemen, Yemeni conflict_
7. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present). A suicide bomber kills at least 13 recruits at a Yemeni Army base run by forces loyal to ousted President Abdrabbuh Mansur Hadi in the southern port city of Aden. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claim responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/02/17/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-13-recruits-at-a-yemeni-army-base-run-by-forces-loyal-to-ousted-president.md) _Context: Aden, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Yemeni conflict_
8. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present). Yemen's top salafist cleric, Samahan Abdel-Aziz, is found dead, with signs of torture, in Sheikh Othman, Aden Governorate, after being abducted by gunmen outside his mosque after delivering a sermon against Al-Qaeda and the Islamic State. ](/news/2016/01/31/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-yemen-s-top-salafist-cleric-samahan-abdel-aziz-is-found-dead-with-signs-of-torture-in-sheikh-othman.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Yemen, Yemeni conflict_
9. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present). A suicide-bomb attack outside the police chief's house in Aden, southern Yemen, leaves at least 7 people dead. ](/news/2016/01/17/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-a-suicide-bomb-attack-outside-the-police-chief-s-house-in-aden-southern-yemen-leaves-at-least-7-people.md) _Context: Aden, Yemen, Yemeni conflict_
10. [Yemeni Civil War (2015). Jaafar Mohammed Saad, the governor of Yemen's southern Aden Governorate, along with six guards, are killed by a suicide bomber in the port city of Aden. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2015/12/6/yemeni-civil-war-2015-jaafar-mohammed-saad-the-governor-of-yemen-s-southern-aden-governorate-along-with-six-guards-are-killed-by-a-sui.md) _Context: Aden, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Yemen_
