### [2014-04-3](/news/2014/04/3/index.md)

# 2014 Garda phone recordings controversy:Recordings of 133 conversations between garda, witnesses and journalists relating to the 1996 murder of Sophie Toscan du Plantier emerge. 

More than 130 separate tape-recorded conversations have emerged between garda√≠, witnesses and journalists relating exclusively to the Sophie Toscan du Plantier murder case, RT√â&#39;s This Week has learned.


### Source:

1. [RT… News](http://www.rte.ie/news/2014/0403/606472-tapes-du-plantier/)

### Related:

1. [Garda phone tapping scandal:Court documents seen by RTE  Radio 1's ''This Week'' indicate that Gardai recorded phone conversations with two main witnesses during the 1996 Sophie Toscan du Plantier murder investigation. ](/news/2014/03/30/garda-phone-tapping-scandal-pcourt-documents-seen-by-rta-radio-1-s-this-week-indicate-that-gardaa-recorded-phone-conversations-with-t.md) _Context: Garda phone recordings controversy, Sophie Toscan du Plantier_
2. [The Irish government agrees the terms of reference for the Commission of Investigation into the Garda phone recordings controversy. ](/news/2014/04/8/the-irish-government-agrees-the-terms-of-reference-for-the-commission-of-investigation-into-the-garda-phone-recordings-controversy.md) _Context: Garda phone recordings controversy_
3. [2014 Garda phone recordings controversy:Taoiseach Enda Kenny tells the Dil the Prison Service recorded conversations between inmates and their solicitors. ](/news/2014/04/1/2014-garda-phone-recordings-controversy-ptaoiseach-enda-kenny-tells-the-dail-the-prison-service-recorded-conversations-between-inmates-and-t.md) _Context: Garda phone recordings controversy_
4. [ The Garda Sochna and Metropolitan Police Service in London arrest and charge three men in connection with Ireland's largest cocaine seizure in West Cork in July 2007. ](/news/2009/07/28/the-garda-siochana-and-metropolitan-police-service-in-london-arrest-and-charge-three-men-in-connection-with-ireland-s-largest-cocaine-seizu.md) _Context: garda_
5. [ Two thousand Garda protest against Ireland's government at Dublin's Leinster House. ](/news/2009/02/25/two-thousand-gardai-protest-against-ireland-s-government-at-dublin-s-leinster-house.md) _Context: garda_
6. [ Garda from Ireland's Criminal Investigation Bureau conduct a search for illegal documentation at the Anglo Irish Bank headquarters in Saint Stephen's Green, Dublin. ](/news/2009/02/24/gardai-from-ireland-s-criminal-investigation-bureau-conduct-a-search-for-illegal-documentation-at-the-anglo-irish-bank-headquarters-in-sain.md) _Context: garda_
7. [ A disgruntled bus driver goes on a rampage in Dublin, Ireland, smashing through stopped and on-coming vehicles as he drives through streets, across tram lines and up the wrong side of a dual-carriageway. One woman is killed and 13 people more injured, including five  Garda (Irish Police). Armed Garda open fire on three occasions to try to stop the bus. ](/news/2006/05/7/a-disgruntled-bus-driver-goes-on-a-rampage-in-dublin-ireland-smashing-through-stopped-and-on-coming-vehicles-as-he-drives-through-streets.md) _Context: garda_
8. [ An Irish government-commissioned report, carried out by a retired Supreme Court judge, condemns two Irish bishops, the Roman Catholic Church, the Garda Siochna (police) and health authorities for their failure to deal with clerical sex abuse over 40 years in the Diocese of Ferns (Wexford). The report suggested that 10% of priests in the diocese sexually abused children.  ](/news/2005/10/25/an-irish-government-commissioned-report-carried-out-by-a-retired-supreme-court-judge-condemns-two-irish-bishops-the-roman-catholic-churc.md) _Context: garda_
9. [ Irish police arrest four people in Cork and three in Dublin in raids concentrating on the financing of the Provisional IRA. Over 2.3 million pounds sterling were seized in Cork, and 60,000 in Northern Bank notes believed to be from the 26.5 million robbery in Belfast just before Christmas.  Reportedly, among the people arrested are former Sinn Fin councillor Tom Hanlon and someone working in the banking industry. [http://www.rte.ie/news/2005/0217/cork.html (RTE)] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/northern_ireland/4274611.stm (BBC)] [http://news.scotsman.com/latest.cfm?id=4171334 (Scotsman)].](/news/2005/02/17/irish-police-arrest-four-people-in-cork-and-three-in-dublin-in-raids-concentrating-on-the-financing-of-the-provisional-ira-over-2-3-millio.md) _Context: garda_
