### [2016-06-21](/news/2016/06/21/index.md)

# An Egyptian court, while not final, reverses the decision by President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi to cede Tiran and Sanafir Island to Saudi Arabia. 

Government to appeal court&#39;s nullification of President Sisi&#39;s plan to cede control of two Red Sea islands to Riyadh.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/06/egypt-court-voids-red-sea-islands-transfer-saudi-160621101413590.html)

### Related:

1. [King of Saudi Arabia Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud announces, during his trip to Cairo, that a bridge crossing the Red Sea will be built, linking Egypt and Saudi Arabia. Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi says the bridge will be named after the Saudi monarch. A Saudi-Egypt Causeway project has been in the works for years. ](/news/2016/04/8/king-of-saudi-arabia-salman-bin-abdulaziz-al-saud-announces-during-his-trip-to-cairo-that-a-bridge-crossing-the-red-sea-will-be-built-lin.md) _Context: Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, Egypt, Egyptian President, Egypt–Saudi Arabia relations, Saudi Arabia_
2. [A top Egyptian court rules against giving away the two Red Sea islands of Tiran and Sanafir to Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2017/01/16/a-top-egyptian-court-rules-against-giving-away-the-two-red-sea-islands-of-tiran-and-sanafir-to-saudi-arabia.md) _Context: Egypt–Saudi Arabia relations, Sanafir, Saudi Arabia, Tiran_
3. [Egypt tries 237 activists, who face jail terms of up to three years, arrested for protesting without permits against President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi. Thousands demonstrated this month following the Sisi government's decision to hand over two uninhabited islands in the Straits of Tiran to Saudi Arabia. Human Rights Watch says at least 382 had been arrested. ](/news/2016/04/30/egypt-tries-237-activists-who-face-jail-terms-of-up-to-three-years-arrested-for-protesting-without-permits-against-president-abdel-fattah.md) _Context: Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, Egypt, Egyptian President, Saudi Arabia_
4. [An Egyptian Misdemeanor Court acquits 52 people charged with taking part in anti-government demonstrations in April.  Thousands rallied on April 25 to protest the transfer of Red Sea islands Tiran and Sanafir to Saudi Arabia. Police arrested nearly 300 demonstrators; government reports indicate all have  been released from prison. ](/news/2016/06/14/an-egyptian-misdemeanor-court-acquits-52-people-charged-with-taking-part-in-anti-government-demonstrations-in-april-thousands-rallied-on-a.md) _Context: Sanafir, Saudi Arabia, Tiran_
5. [Egypt and Saudi Arabia reach an agreement on the disputed islands of Tiran Island and Sanafir Island, placing the formerly Egyptian-administered islands officially under Saudi Arabian sovereignty. ](/news/2016/04/9/egypt-and-saudi-arabia-reach-an-agreement-on-the-disputed-islands-of-tiran-island-and-sanafir-island-placing-the-formerly-egyptian-administ.md) _Context: Egypt–Saudi Arabia relations, Sanafir, Tiran_
6. [Riot police violently break up an anti-Sisi protest in Cairo, Egypt. In the first sign of public discontent with President Sisi's rule, hundreds of people gathered and shouted slogans calling for his overthrow. ](/news/2016/04/15/riot-police-violently-break-up-an-anti-sisi-protest-in-cairo-egypt-in-the-first-sign-of-public-discontent-with-president-sisi-s-rule-hund.md) _Context: Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, Egypt, Egyptian President_
7. [Two months after Egypt's Civil Aviation Ministry ruled out terrorism in Flight 9268's crash, President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi admits an ISIS bomb downed the Russian passenger jet. The terrorist group's Sinai Peninsula Branch claimed responsibility  shortly after the incident. ](/news/2016/02/24/two-months-after-egypt-s-civil-aviation-ministry-ruled-out-terrorism-in-flight-9268-s-crash-president-abdel-fattah-el-sisi-admits-an-isis-b.md) _Context: Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, Egypt, Egyptian President_
8. [Egypt-Saudi Arabia relations: Saudi Arabia shuts its embassy and consulates in Egypt following protests over an Egyptian human rights lawyer Ahmed al-Gizawi being detained in Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2012/04/28/egyptasaudi-arabia-relations-saudi-arabia-shuts-its-embassy-and-consulates-in-egypt-following-protests-over-an-egyptian-human-rights-lawy.md) _Context: Egypt, Egypt–Saudi Arabia relations, Saudi Arabia_
9. [U.S. president-elect Donald Trump calls President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi of Egypt, who then agrees to postpone a United Nations resolution regarding Israel. ](/news/2016/12/22/u-s-president-elect-donald-trump-calls-president-abdel-fattah-el-sisi-of-egypt-who-then-agrees-to-postpone-a-united-nations-resolution-reg.md) _Context: Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, Egypt_
10. [Saudi Arabia announces the formation of a 34-member Islamic Military Alliance against terrorism including Egypt, Qatar, the United Arab Emirates, Turkey, Malaysia and Pakistan with a joint operations centre based in Riyadh. ](/news/2015/12/15/saudi-arabia-announces-the-formation-of-a-34-member-islamic-military-alliance-against-terrorism-including-egypt-qatar-the-united-arab-emir.md) _Context: Egypt, Saudi Arabia_
