### [2016-06-21](/news/2016/06/21/index.md)

# Japan places its military on high alert to be ready to shoot down any missile heading for its territory amid reports of a possible North Korean launch of an intermediate-range missile from its east coast. 

Japan is putting its military on high alert, said to be ready to shoot down any missile heading for its territory. It comes amid rumors North Korea is preparing to launch an intermediate-range missile from its east coast.


### Source:

1. [RT](https://www.rt.com/news/347588-korea-launch-japan-alert/)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-northkorea-missile-idUSKCN0Z70AF)

### Related:

1. [Japan orders its military to shoot down any North Korean missiles that threaten to strike Japan at anytime, and is placing its forces on a state of alert for at least three months, according to a Ministry of Defense official. ](/news/2016/08/8/japan-orders-its-military-to-shoot-down-any-north-korean-missiles-that-threaten-to-strike-japan-at-anytime-and-is-placing-its-forces-on-a-s.md) _Context: Japan, Japan-North Korea relations, North Korea, military_
2. [Japan places its military on alert over a possible North Korean ballistic-missile launch after detecting "increased activity" at a North Korean missile site. Japan's Minister of Defense, Gen Nakatani, has ordered Kongo-class destroyers stationed in the Sea of Japan, equipped with Aegis combat systems, to target any North Korean projectiles heading for Japan. ](/news/2016/01/29/japan-places-its-military-on-alert-over-a-possible-north-korean-ballistic-missile-launch-after-detecting-increased-activity-at-a-north-kor.md) _Context: Japan, Japan-North Korea relations, North Korea, military_
3. [North Korea attempts again to launch a BM25 Musudan intermediate-range ballistic missile capable of striking South Korea or Japan but is unsuccessful. ](/news/2016/05/31/north-korea-attempts-again-to-launch-a-bm25-musudan-intermediate-range-ballistic-missile-capable-of-striking-south-korea-or-japan-but-is-uns.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea, intermediate-range ballistic missile_
4. [Japan deploys two MIM-104 Patriot surface-to-air missile interceptor systems in Tokyo in preparation for any North Korean ballistic missiles potentially heading for the city. The deployment comes amid concerns of an imminent North Korean missile launch following the detection of "increased activity" at a North Korean missile facility. ](/news/2016/01/31/japan-deploys-two-mim-104-patriot-surface-to-air-missile-interceptor-systems-in-tokyo-in-preparation-for-any-north-korean-ballistic-missiles.md) _Context: Japan, Japan-North Korea relations, North Korea_
5. [Japan goes on full alert as North Korea announces it has delayed its launch of a long range Unha rocket until 29 December. ](/news/2012/12/10/japan-goes-on-full-alert-as-north-korea-announces-it-has-delayed-its-launch-of-a-long-range-unha-rocket-until-29-december.md) _Context: Japan, Japan-North Korea relations, North Korea_
6. [North Korea fires a missile which flies 2,700km, passing over Hokkaido, northern Japan, prompting the activation of the nationwide J-Alert warning system. This is first time since 1998 that a North Korean missile has passed over Japanese territory. ](/news/2017/08/29/north-korea-fires-a-missile-which-flies-2-700km-passing-over-hokkaido-northern-japan-prompting-the-activation-of-the-nationwide-j-alert-w.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea_
7. [North Korea test-launches what is presumed to be its first intercontinental ballistic missile 933 kilometers into the Sea of Japan within Japan's Exclusive Economic Zone. An American expert theorizes the ICBM, which reached an altitude of 2,802 km, could potentially reach the U.S. state of Alaska. ](/news/2017/07/4/north-korea-test-launches-what-is-presumed-to-be-its-first-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-933-kilometers-into-the-sea-of-japan-within-ja.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea_
8. [North Korea launches a Short-Range Ballistic missile near Wonsan towards the Sea of Japan, according to South Korea. The missile reportedly lands in Japan's exclusive economic zone (EEZ) after traveling 450 km. ](/news/2017/05/29/north-korea-launches-a-short-range-ballistic-missile-near-wansan-towards-the-sea-of-japan-according-to-south-korea-the-missile-reportedly.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea_
9. [South Korea reports North Korea fired a Pukguksong-2 intermediate-range ballistic missile that flew 500 km before landing in the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2017/05/21/south-korea-reports-north-korea-fired-a-pukguksong-2-intermediate-range-ballistic-missile-that-flew-500-km-before-landing-in-the-sea-of-japa.md) _Context: North Korea, intermediate-range ballistic missile_
10. [North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-eastern-waters-in-the-direction-of-japan-accordi.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea_
