### [2016-06-21](/news/2016/06/21/index.md)

# Jean-Pierre Bemba, leader of the Movement for the Liberation of the Congo, and a former Congolese vice president, is sentenced to 18 years in prison by the International Criminal Court for war crimes, and for sexual violence crimes against humanity in neighboring Central African Republic during 2002 and 2003. 

Congolese ex-rebel leader Jean-Pierre Bemba is jailed for 18 years after a landmark ICC conviction for war crimes and sexual violence.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-africa-36586010)
2. [The Times](http://www.timeslive.co.za/africa/2016/06/21/Jean-Pierre-Bemba-gets-18-years-for-Central-African-Republic-war-crimes)

### Related:

1. [The International Criminal Court finds ex-Vice President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo Jean-Pierre Bemba guilty of war crimes. Bemba is accused of not taking steps to stop his militia from committing mass murder, rape and pillage in neighbouring Central African Republic. ](/news/2016/03/21/the-international-criminal-court-finds-ex-vice-president-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-jean-pierre-bemba-guilty-of-war-crimes-bem.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Democratic Republic of the Congo, International Criminal Court, Jean-Pierre Bemba, Movement for the Liberation of the Congo_
2. [Former Congolese Vice President and warlord Jean-Pierre Bemba, sentenced last year by the International Criminal Court (ICC) to 18 years in prison for war crimes, is given an additional 12 months and fined 300,000 euros for bribing witnesses during an earlier ICC trial. The court also handed jail terms and fines for alleged interference in his trial to members of his legal team. ](/news/2017/03/22/former-congolese-vice-president-and-warlord-jean-pierre-bemba-sentenced-last-year-by-the-international-criminal-court-icc-to-18-years-in.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, International Criminal Court, Jean-Pierre Bemba_
3. [Former Vice President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Jean-Pierre Bemba, goes on trial for crimes against humanity and war crimes at the International Criminal Court in The Hague. ](/news/2010/11/22/former-vice-president-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-jean-pierre-bemba-goes-on-trial-for-crimes-against-humanity-and-war-crimes-a.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, International Criminal Court, Jean-Pierre Bemba_
4. [The International Criminal Court (ICC) agrees to pursue the criminal trial of former Vice-President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo Jean-Pierre Bemba. ](/news/2010/10/19/the-international-criminal-court-icc-agrees-to-pursue-the-criminal-trial-of-former-vice-president-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, International Criminal Court, Jean-Pierre Bemba_
5. [Congolese war crimes suspect Bosco Ntaganda appears before the International Criminal Court at The Hague for the first time, following his surprise surrender last week. ](/news/2013/03/26/congolese-war-crimes-suspect-bosco-ntaganda-appears-before-the-international-criminal-court-at-the-hague-for-the-first-time-following-his-s.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, International Criminal Court_
6. [Former Congolese militia leader Mathieu Ngudjolo Chui is acquitted by the International Criminal Court of war crimes and crimes against humanity. ](/news/2012/12/18/former-congolese-militia-leader-mathieu-ngudjolo-chui-is-acquitted-by-the-international-criminal-court-of-war-crimes-and-crimes-against-huma.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, International Criminal Court_
7. [The International Criminal Court issues an arrest warrant for war crimes against Sylvestre Mudacumura, the commander of the Congolese rebel group, the Democratic Forces for the Liberation of Rwanda. ](/news/2012/07/13/the-international-criminal-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-war-crimes-against-sylvestre-mudacumura-the-commander-of-the-congolese-rebel.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, International Criminal Court_
8. [Congolese warlord Thomas Lubanga is sentenced to 14 years' imprisonment by the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands, after Lubanga's conviction of recruiting and using child soldiers and other human rights violations during the Ituri conflict on March 14. ](/news/2012/07/10/congolese-warlord-thomas-lubanga-is-sentenced-to-14-years-imprisonment-by-the-international-criminal-court-in-the-hague-netherlands-after.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, International Criminal Court_
9. [Troops loyal to Bosco Ntaganda &ndash; who is wanted by the International Criminal Court &ndash; take two towns in eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo. ](/news/2012/04/30/troops-loyal-to-bosco-ntaganda-ndash-who-is-wanted-by-the-international-criminal-court-ndash-take-two-towns-in-eastern-democratic-republ.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, International Criminal Court_
10. [The International Criminal Court in the Hague delivers a verdict of guilty in the case of Thomas Lubanga Dyilo of the Democratic Republic of the Congo on war crimes charges. ](/news/2012/03/14/the-international-criminal-court-in-the-hague-delivers-a-verdict-of-guilty-in-the-case-of-thomas-lubanga-dyilo-of-the-democratic-republic-of.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, International Criminal Court_
