### [2011-02-4](/news/2011/02/4/index.md)

# 2011 Syrian protests:: Syrian protestors call for "a day of anger" against the Syrian government. 

Protesters&#x20;have&#x20;called&#x20;for&#x20;&quot;a&#x20;day&#x20;of&#x20;anger&quot;&#x20;in&#x20;Syria,&#x20;demanding&#x20;an&#x20;end&#x20;to&#x20;&#x201C;corruption&#x20;and&#x20;tyranny&#x201D;.&#x20;The&#x20;action&#x20;is&#x20;scheduled&#x20;to&#x20;take&#x20;place&#x20;after&#x20;Friday&#x20;prayers,&#x20;with&#x20;the&#x20;message&#x20;being&#x20;spread&#x20;using&#x20;social&#x20;networking&#x20;sites.


### Source:

1. [CP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/canadianpress/article/ALeqM5hFHMKFa4GUqWoKwUBD6VLjfmKWWg?docId=5852175)
2. [France 24](http://www.france24.com/en/20110203-syria-democracy-protests-facebook-twitter-friday-prayers-egypt)

### Related:

1. [2011 Syrian protests:: Dozens of tanks have been sent to the Syrian city of Homs as the Government continues to crack down on protesters. ](/news/2011/05/5/2011-syrian-protests-dozens-of-tanks-have-been-sent-to-the-syrian-city-of-homs-as-the-government-continues-to-crack-down-on-protesters.md) _Context: Government of Syria, Syria, Syrian uprising_
2. [Arab Spring:: 2011 Syrian protests:: The Syrian human rights organisation Sawasiah claims that the Government of Syria has arrested 500 protesters since the crackdown began. ](/news/2011/04/26/arab-spring-2011-syrian-protests-the-syrian-human-rights-organisation-sawasiah-claims-that-the-government-of-syria-has-arrested-500-prot.md) _Context: Government of Syria, Syria, Syrian uprising_
3. [Syrian Civil War: Battle of Zabadani (2015): Fighting resumes in Syria near the Lebanese border and Idlib Governorate as a temporary ceasefire between the Syrian government, its ally Hezbollah and an alliance of insurgent groups ends. ](/news/2015/08/15/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-zabadani-2015-fighting-resumes-in-syria-near-the-lebanese-border-and-idlib-governorate-as-a-temporary-ceasefi.md) _Context: Government of Syria, Syria_
4. [Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant captures the border crossing at Al Waleed (al-Tanf in Syria), the last remaining border crossing between Syria and Iraq controlled by the Government of Syria. ISIL reportedly advances to within 40 km of Baghdad after their victory in Ramadi. ](/news/2015/05/22/islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-captures-the-border-crossing-at-al-waleed-al-tanf-in-syria-the-last-remaining-border-crossing-betwee.md) _Context: Government of Syria, Syria_
5. [Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant: Islamic State fighters enter the ancient ruins of Palmyra after capturing the Syrian city of Tadmur yesterday. A hundred pro-government fighters are believed to have died in fighting. ](/news/2015/05/21/islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-islamic-state-fighters-enter-the-ancient-ruins-of-palmyra-after-capturing-the-syrian-city-of-tadmur-ye.md) _Context: Government of Syria, Syria_
6. [Syrian Civil War:: The head of the international Red Cross, Peter Maurer, arrives in Damascus for a three-day review with the Syrian government of the humanitarian situation. ](/news/2012/09/3/syrian-civil-war-the-head-of-the-international-red-cross-peter-maurer-arrives-in-damascus-for-a-three-day-review-with-the-syrian-governm.md) _Context: Government of Syria, Syria_
7. [Syria:: At least two bombings are reported of government facilities in the Syrian capital Damascus with several police and civilians reported dead. ](/news/2012/03/17/syria-at-least-two-bombings-are-reported-of-government-facilities-in-the-syrian-capital-damascus-with-several-police-and-civilians-reporte.md) _Context: Government of Syria, Syria_
8. [Syria:: A United Nations official claims that Syrian government activities have caused "well over 7,500 deaths" in the Syrian uprising. ](/news/2012/02/29/syria-a-united-nations-official-claims-that-syrian-government-activities-have-caused-well-over-7-500-deaths-in-the-syrian-uprising.md) _Context: Government of Syria, Syria_
9. [2011-2012 Syrian uprising: The United Nations General Assembly overwhelmingly votes in favour of an Arab sponsored resolution condemning human rights violations by the Syrian government led by President Bashar al-Assad. ](/news/2012/02/16/2011-2012-syrian-uprising-the-united-nations-general-assembly-overwhelmingly-votes-in-favour-of-an-arab-sponsored-resolution-condemning-h.md) _Context: Government of Syria, Syria_
10. [President of Russia Dmitry Medvedev practically rules out supporting a United Nations Security Council resolution condemning a crackdown by the Government of Syria on protestors. ](/news/2011/06/20/president-of-russia-dmitry-medvedev-practically-rules-out-supporting-a-united-nations-security-council-resolution-condemning-a-crackdown-by.md) _Context: Government of Syria, Syrian uprising_
