### [2011-02-10](/news/2011/02/10/index.md)

# Cuban Information and Communications Minister Medardo Diaz welcomes the arrival of an undersea fibre-optic cable linking it to Venezuela, which offered to help the island speed up its internet connection after the United States refused. 

Cuba hails the arrival of a fibre-optic communications cable linking it to Venezuela as a breach in the US trade embargo.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-latin-america-12411845)

### Related:

1. [Marking the 50th consecutive day of protests, hundreds of thousands demonstrate throughout Venezuela against President Nicolas Maduro, with civil unrest growing despite the increasing number of casualties. ](/news/2017/05/20/marking-the-50th-consecutive-day-of-protests-hundreds-of-thousands-demonstrate-throughout-venezuela-against-president-nicola-s-maduro-with.md) _Context: Venezuela_
2. [Venezuela says it will withdraw from the Organization of American States after the organization decided to call a meeting without Venezuela. ](/news/2017/04/26/venezuela-says-it-will-withdraw-from-the-organization-of-american-states-after-the-organization-decided-to-call-a-meeting-without-venezuela.md) _Context: Venezuela_
3. [Venezuelan authorities report 12 people were killed overnight  in the capital Caracas, mostly in the  El Valle working class neighborhood where 54 people, including newborn babies, were forced to evacuate a maternity hospital. Others have fled to Colombia. This  death toll during the three weeks of anti-government protests is 20. ](/news/2017/04/21/venezuelan-authorities-report-12-people-were-killed-overnight-in-the-capital-caracas-mostly-in-the-el-valle-working-class-neighborhood-wh.md) _Context: Venezuela_
4. [Venezuelans continue their march against President Nicolas Maduro with thousands flocking into the streets of Caracas for a second day. ](/news/2017/04/20/venezuelans-continue-their-march-against-president-nicola-s-maduro-with-thousands-flocking-into-the-streets-of-caracas-for-a-second-day.md) _Context: Venezuela_
5. [General Motors halts production in Venezuela after the government seizes its plants. ](/news/2017/04/20/general-motors-halts-production-in-venezuela-after-the-government-seizes-its-plants.md) _Context: Venezuela_
6. [Venezuelan security forces clash with opposition demonstrators in the so-called "Mother of All Marches" against President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas. Two students and a National Guard sergeant are shot dead. ](/news/2017/04/19/venezuelan-security-forces-clash-with-opposition-demonstrators-in-the-so-called-mother-of-all-marches-against-president-nicola-s-maduro-in.md) _Context: Venezuela_
7. [Thousands of people take to the streets in Caracas as Venezuelan authorities acknowledge a fifth death in the protests. ](/news/2017/04/13/thousands-of-people-take-to-the-streets-in-caracas-as-venezuelan-authorities-acknowledge-a-fifth-death-in-the-protests.md) _Context: Venezuela_
8. [In a ruling, Venezuela's Supreme Court says it "guarantees congressional functions will be exercised by" itself, authorizing president Nicolas Maduro to create oil joint ventures without the previously mandated congressional approval. Opposition leaders call it a "coup", while Peru recalls its ambassador. ](/news/2017/03/30/in-a-ruling-venezuela-s-supreme-court-says-it-guarantees-congressional-functions-will-be-exercised-by-itself-authorizing-president-nicol.md) _Context: Venezuela_
9. [Citing security concerns because of recent terrorist activity, the American and British governments impose a ban affecting inbound-passengers flying from much of the Middle East and North Africa. The ban includes airplane cabin passenger-accessible items such as laptops,  tablets, and other electronic devices which are larger than a smartphone. Larger such electronic devices will still be allowed on board in checked baggage which is thus more closely screened and passenger-inaccessible. ](/news/2017/03/21/citing-security-concerns-because-of-recent-terrorist-activity-the-american-and-british-governments-impose-a-ban-affecting-inbound-passenger.md) _Context: American_
10. [Peru-Venezuela relationsPeruvian  President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski's government creates a temporary visa for thousands of Venezuelans whose country  is mired in a deep economic crisis. Visa holders will be able to study, work, and receive health services in Peru for a year. "This is part of our migratory policy that aims to build bridges not walls", says Interior Minister Carlos Basombrio. ](/news/2017/02/3/peruavenezuela-relationspperuvian-president-pedro-pablo-kuczynski-s-government-creates-a-temporary-visa-for-thousands-of-venezuelans-whos.md) _Context: Venezuela_
