### [2011-02-10](/news/2011/02/10/index.md)

# The trial of Indonesian Muslim cleric Abu Bakar Bashir on terrorism charges begins in Jakarta. 




### Source:

1. [AAP via ''The Age](http://news.theage.com.au/breaking-news-world/bashir-terror-trial-begins-in-jakarta-20110210-1anur.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-pacific-12406081)

### Related:

1. [An Indonesian court delivers a guilty verdict in the terrorism trial of radical Muslim cleric Abu Bakar Bashir in the South Jakarta District Court and sentenced to 15 years in prison.  ](/news/2011/06/16/an-indonesian-court-delivers-a-guilty-verdict-in-the-terrorism-trial-of-radical-muslim-cleric-abu-bakar-bashir-in-the-si-uth-jakarta-distric.md) _Context: Abu Bakar Bashir, Indonesia, Jakarta, terrorism_
2. [Approximately 200,000 Muslims protest in the Indonesian capital Jakarta against the Governor Basuki Tjahaja Purnama for alleged blasphemy. This is the second mass protest in a month against the minority Christian governor. ](/news/2016/12/2/approximately-200-000-muslims-protest-in-the-indonesian-capital-jakarta-against-the-governor-basuki-tjahaja-purnama-for-alleged-blasphemy-t.md) _Context: Indonesia, Jakarta, Muslim_
3. [Umar Patek, a key suspect in the 2002 Bali bombings, faces trial on terrorism charges in Jakarta after being extradicted from Pakistan to Indonesia. ](/news/2011/08/11/umar-patek-a-key-suspect-in-the-2002-bali-bombings-faces-trial-on-terrorism-charges-in-jakarta-after-being-extradicted-from-pakistan-to-in.md) _Context: Indonesia, Jakarta, terrorism_
4. [Abu Bakar Bashir, a prominent Indonesian cleric, rejects his terrorism trial as "outside Islamic law." ](/news/2011/06/6/abu-bakar-bashir-a-prominent-indonesian-cleric-rejects-his-terrorism-trial-as-outside-islamic-law.md) _Context: Abu Bakar Bashir, Indonesia, terrorism_
5. [Indonesia drops some of the key terrorism charges against radical cleric Abu Bakar Bashir, meaning that it is unlikely that he will receive the death penalty. ](/news/2011/05/9/indonesia-drops-some-of-the-key-terrorism-charges-against-radical-cleric-abu-bakar-bashir-meaning-that-it-is-unlikely-that-he-will-receive.md) _Context: Abu Bakar Bashir, Indonesia, terrorism_
6. [Muslim cleric Abu Bakar Bashir is arrested - along with his wife, the driver of the car he was in and another woman - by Indonesian police in Ciamis, West Java. ](/news/2010/08/9/muslim-cleric-abu-bakar-bashir-is-arrested-along-with-his-wife-the-driver-of-the-car-he-was-in-and-another-woman-by-indonesian-police-i.md) _Context: Abu Bakar Bashir, Indonesia, Muslim_
7. [At least three security officers are killed after riots in north Jakarta, Indonesia, over plans to bulldoze a cemetery containing a memorial to a revered Muslim scholar. ](/news/2010/04/15/at-least-three-security-officers-are-killed-after-riots-in-north-jakarta-indonesia-over-plans-to-bulldoze-a-cemetery-containing-a-memorial.md) _Context: Indonesia, Jakarta, Muslim_
8. [ In Indonesia, Muslim cleric Abu Bakar Bashir is found guilty of conspiracy for his involvement in the 2002 Bali bombing, but was found not guilty of all charges surrounding the 2003 bombing of the Marriott hotel in Jakarta. He received a two and a half year jail sentence. ](/news/2005/03/3/in-indonesia-muslim-cleric-abu-bakar-bashir-is-found-guilty-of-conspiracy-for-his-involvement-in-the-2002-bali-bombing-but-was-found-not.md) _Context: Abu Bakar Bashir, Indonesia, Jakarta_
9. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Indonesia, Muslim_
10. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: Muslim, terrorism_
