### [2006-06-18](/news/2006/06/18/index.md)

#  According to an investigative report by Ron Suskind, Al-Qaeda was 45 days from launching a gas attack on the New York City subway when it was called off by Osama bin Laden's second-in-command, Ayman al-Zawahri, in 2003. 

A reported plot by al-Qaida terrorists to kill thousands of New Yorkers by spreading cyanide gas in the subway underscores the folly of a Homeland Security Department cutback of funds for major cities, a New York senator said Sunday.


### Source:

1. [Globe and Mail](http://www.theglobeandmail.com/servlet/story/RTGAM.20060618.wsuskind0618/BNStory/International/home)
2. [MSNBC](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/13393641/)
2. [Cover Image](http://media1.s-nbcnews.com/j/msnbc/Components/Photos/060621/060621_terroristbomb_hsmall_1p.standard.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ Terrorism: On the eve of the second anniversary of the September 11 terrorist attacks, the Arabic-language television channel Al Jazeera airs a videotape, purportedly from Osama bin Laden. The videotape shows two men, including one meant to be bin Laden, walking down an (unidentified) rocky hillside. Al Jazeera said the other man seen on the tape, carrying an automatic rifle, was Ayman al-Zawahri, the Egyptian physician who merged his Islamic Jihad organization with Al Qaeda. The tape was claimed to have been made in late April or early May. An accompanying audiotape, attributed to the deputy, Ayman al-Zawahri, called on Iraqis to "bury" American troops in Iraq.](/news/2003/09/10/terrorism-on-the-eve-of-the-second-anniversary-of-the-september-11-terrorist-attacks-the-arabic-language-television-channel-al-jazeera-ai.md) _Context: Ayman al-Zawahri, Osama bin Laden, al-Qaeda_
2. [In Peshawar, an unknown assailant shoots and kills Pakistani lawyer Samiullah Afridi, who had defended Dr. Shakil Afridi (in regards to assisting CIA agents hunt al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden), with two Pakistan militant groups, Jundullah and Jamaatul Ahrar, both claiming responsibility. ](/news/2015/03/17/in-peshawar-an-unknown-assailant-shoots-and-kills-pakistani-lawyer-samiullah-afridi-who-had-defended-dr-shakil-afridi-in-regards-to-assi.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, al-Qaeda_
3. [Syrian officers reports that Syrian Army kills senior Saudi Arabian al-Qaeda commander Abu Malik al-Shahri, who is known as 'Bin Laden of Syria', in outskirt of Latakia. ](/news/2013/08/11/syrian-officers-reports-that-syrian-army-kills-senior-saudi-arabian-al-qaeda-commander-abu-malik-al-shahri-who-is-known-as-bin-laden-of-sy.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, al-Qaeda_
4. [Sulaiman Abu Ghaith, alleged spokesman for al-Qaeda and said to be the son-in-law of Osama bin Laden, is captured in Jordan and faces criminal charges in the United States. ](/news/2013/03/7/sulaiman-abu-ghaith-alleged-spokesman-for-al-qaeda-and-said-to-be-the-son-in-law-of-osama-bin-laden-is-captured-in-jordan-and-faces-crimin.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, al-Qaeda_
5. [Former Al-Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden's wives and children are deported from Pakistan to Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2012/04/27/former-al-qaeda-chief-osama-bin-laden-s-wives-and-children-are-deported-from-pakistan-to-saudi-arabia.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, al-Qaeda_
6. [Ayman al-Zawahiri is selected as the successor of leadership of al-Qaeda succeeding Osama bin Laden ](/news/2011/06/16/ayman-al-zawahiri-is-selected-as-the-successor-of-leadership-of-al-qaeda-succeeding-osama-bin-laden.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, al-Qaeda_
7. [The Prime Minister of Pakistan Yusuf Raza Gilani warns the United States that it will defend its air space from incursions following the raid on Osama bin Laden's compound and denies collaborating with al-Qaeda. ](/news/2011/05/9/the-prime-minister-of-pakistan-yusuf-raza-gilani-warns-the-united-states-that-it-will-defend-its-air-space-from-incursions-following-the-rai.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, al-Qaeda_
8. [Oil prices fall following news that U.S. forces have killed al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden. ](/news/2011/05/2/oil-prices-fall-following-news-that-u-s-forces-have-killed-al-qaeda-leader-osama-bin-laden.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, al-Qaeda_
9. [President of the United States Barack Obama announces in a special TV broadcast that Osama bin Laden, the founder and leader of the militant Islamist group Al-Qaeda and the most-wanted fugitive on the FBI's Ten Most Wanted Fugitives, was killed on May 2 (Pakistan Standard Time) during an American military operation in Abbottabad, near Islamabad, Pakistan and that his body is in U.S. custody. ](/news/2011/05/1/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-announces-in-a-special-tv-broadcast-that-osama-bin-laden-the-founder-and-leader-of-the-militant.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, al-Qaeda_
10. [Al-Qaeda's top leader in Afghanistan, and Osama bin Laden's third in command, Mustafa Abu al-Yazid, is reported killed. ](/news/2010/06/1/al-qaeda-s-top-leader-in-afghanistan-and-osama-bin-laden-s-third-in-command-mustafa-abu-al-yazid-is-reported-killed.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, al-Qaeda_
