### [2006-06-18](/news/2006/06/18/index.md)

#  The Israeli town of Sderot shuts down for 24 hours in protest of continuing Qassam rocket attacks. More than six hundred Qassam rockets were launched against Israeli towns since Israel's disengagement from the Gaza Strip, a hundred of which in the past week. One rocket left parts of Sderot without electricity for several hours this morning.




### Source:

1. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/727912.html)
2. [IHT](http://www.iht.com/articles/2006/06/16/news/rocket.php)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains): Three Israeli civilians are wounded when a Qassam rocket lands in a basketball court in Sderot. More than fifteen rockets land in Israeli towns on Friday, in spite of an Israeli raid in the northern Gaza Strip. ](/news/2006/07/7/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-p-three-israeli-civilians-are-wounded-when-a-qassam-rocket-lands-in-a-basketball-cour.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Qassam rocket, Sderot_
2. [  Two Qassam rockets fired out of the Gaza Strip by Palestinian militants landed near the southern Israeli town of Sderot. [http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3133122,00.html (YNETnews)],[http://www.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1124938373544 (The Jerusalem Post)] Two mortar rockets were fired from Lebanon towards Israel, one of which struck a chicken coop in the Northern Galilee Moshav of Margaliot, while the other landed in Lebanese territory. Nobody was reported injured. [http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3133122,00.html (YNETnews)],[http://www.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1124938373544 (The Jerusalem Post)] Later reports suggest that for the first time, Hizb Allah test-fires an Iranian medium-range rocket near the Lebanese border with Israel. One of the three 240 mm Fajr-3 rockets, launched about six kilometers north of the border, landed in Israel and the other two fell inside Lebanon. ([http://menewsline.com/stories/2005/august/08_29_1.html MENL])](/news/2005/08/25/two-qassam-rockets-fired-out-of-the-gaza-strip-by-palestinian-militants-landed-near-the-southern-israeli-town-of-sderot-http-www-ynetn.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Qassam rocket, Sderot_
3. [Gaza-Israel conflict:Two rockets fired from Gaza strip land in Sderot, Israel, in violation of the ceasefire brokered after the eight-day conflict in November 2012. ](/news/2013/03/21/gazaaisrael-conflict-ptwo-rockets-fired-from-gaza-strip-land-in-sderot-israel-in-violation-of-the-ceasefire-brokered-after-the-eight-day.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Sderot_
4. [Gaza-Israel clashes continue as Palestinian militants fire more Qassam rockets into Israel overnight. 2 people are killed, including a militant, and 25 are injured during Israeli Air Force strikes on the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2012/03/12/gaza-israel-clashes-continue-as-palestinian-militants-fire-more-qassam-rockets-into-israel-overnight-2-people-are-killed-including-a-milit.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Qassam rocket_
5. [Hamas militants fire two Qassam rockets and mortar rounds into Israel from the Gaza Strip. Israeli aircraft then bombed a smuggling tunnel under the Gaza Strip's border with Egypt.](/news/2010/09/15/hamas-militants-fire-two-qassam-rockets-and-mortar-rounds-into-israel-from-the-gaza-strip-israeli-aircraft-then-bombed-a-smuggling-tunnel-u.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Qassam rocket_
6. [Israel Defense Forces jets attack targets in the Gaza Strip following a Qassam rocket fired at the Negev in Israel on Saturday night. ](/news/2010/08/1/israel-defense-forces-jets-attack-targets-in-the-gaza-strip-following-a-qassam-rocket-fired-at-the-negev-in-israel-on-saturday-night.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Qassam rocket_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: After Palestinians fire a Qassam rocket that explodes in an open area of the city of Ashkelon, Israeli planes launch air strikes on several targets in the Gaza Strip, in locations which include Gaza City, Khan Yunis and Rafah. ](/news/2010/04/1/israeliapalestinian-conflict-p-after-palestinians-fire-a-qassam-rocket-that-explodes-in-an-open-area-of-the-city-of-ashkelon-israeli-pla.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Qassam rocket_
8. [ Palestinian militants launch four mortar shells and one Qassam rocket from the Gaza Strip into Israel. ](/news/2009/02/11/palestinian-militants-launch-four-mortar-shells-and-one-qassam-rocket-from-the-gaza-strip-into-israel.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Qassam rocket_
9. [ Israel shuts down Gaza border crossings after Qassam rockets are launched toward Israel in breach of an armistice. ](/news/2008/11/15/israel-shuts-down-gaza-border-crossings-after-qassam-rockets-are-launched-toward-israel-in-breach-of-an-armistice.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Qassam rocket_
10. [ At least 66 Israeli troops are wounded when a Qassam rocket from Gaza Strip hits an Israeli Defence Forces training base in Southern Israel. ](/news/2007/09/11/at-least-66-israeli-troops-are-wounded-when-a-qassam-rocket-from-gaza-strip-hits-an-israeli-defence-forces-training-base-in-southern-israel.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Qassam rocket_
