### [2008-06-16](/news/2008/06/16/index.md)

#  The European Union agrees to tougher sanctions against Iran for its alleged nuclear weapons program with the United Kingdom freezing assets of Iran's largest bank Bank Melli. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Google News](http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5jdl-FShzUCxcm9itcAMBf3k5uYbgD91BA1580)

### Related:

1. [ The European Union agrees to new sanctions against Iran including a freeze on the assets of Bank Melli, Iran's largest bank, over the refusal to curb its nuclear program. ](/news/2008/06/23/the-european-union-agrees-to-new-sanctions-against-iran-including-a-freeze-on-the-assets-of-bank-melli-iran-s-largest-bank-over-the-refus.md) _Context: Bank Melli, European Union, Iran, sanctions_
2. [ China, France, Germany, Russia, the United Kingdom and the United States propose a set of incentives and possible sanctions in an effort to encourage Iran to suspend or abandon its plans of nuclear development. ](/news/2006/06/2/china-france-germany-russia-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states-propose-a-set-of-incentives-and-possible-sanctions-in-an-effort-to.md) _Context: Britain, Iran, Iran and weapons of mass destruction, sanctions_
3. [Iran, the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, People's Republic of China, Germany, and the European Union (the P5+1) reach a breakthrough agreement on the general framework for an agreement on Iran's nuclear program, but sign no verbal agreement or official document. The deadline for a full deal is June 30, 2015. ](/news/2015/04/2/iran-the-united-states-the-united-kingdom-france-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-germany-and-the-european-union-the-p5-1-reach-a.md) _Context: Britain, European Union, Iran_
4. [The United States, United Kingdom, and Canada impose further sanctions against Iran's nuclear program. ](/news/2011/11/21/the-united-states-united-kingdom-and-canada-impose-further-sanctions-against-iran-s-nuclear-program.md) _Context: Britain, Iran, sanctions_
5. [ CBS News's Mike Wallace holds an interview with Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, the president of Iran. In the interview, Ahmadinejad said that the letter he sent to George W. Bush was meant to "open a window towards the light" for Bush to "see that one can look on the world through a different perspective." He responded to his nation's nuclear program and possible weapons program saying that Iran was "studying" the offer presented by the United States and the European Union. He also claimed that Bush "believes that his power emanates from his nuclear warhead arsenals." ](/news/2006/08/8/cbs-news-s-mike-wallace-holds-an-interview-with-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-the-president-of-iran-in-the-interview-ahmadinejad-said-that-the-let.md) _Context: European Union, Iran, Iran and weapons of mass destruction_
6. [ Iran's nuclear program:: The UN Security Council approves a resolution to give Iran until the end of August to suspend uranium enrichment or face the threat of sanctions. ](/news/2006/07/28/iran-s-nuclear-program-the-un-security-council-approves-a-resolution-to-give-iran-until-the-end-of-august-to-suspend-uranium-enrichment-o.md) _Context: Iran, Iran and weapons of mass destruction, sanctions_
7. [ British Foreign Minister Jack Straw announces that Iran has renewed its promise to refrain from developing nuclear weapons, and talks on its atomic program will continue following a meeting between Iranian nuclear officials and European Union ministers in Geneva. ](/news/2005/05/26/british-foreign-minister-jack-straw-announces-that-iran-has-renewed-its-promise-to-refrain-from-developing-nuclear-weapons-and-talks-on-it.md) _Context: Britain, European Union, Iran_
8. [Brexit negotiations: UK Prime Minister Theresa May announces that citizens of the European Union living in the United Kingdom will be able to acquire a "UK settled status" after the UK leaves the EU. ](/news/2017/06/22/brexit-negotiations-uk-prime-minister-theresa-may-announces-that-citizens-of-the-european-union-living-in-the-united-kingdom-will-be-able-t.md) _Context: Britain, European Union_
9. [Russia-United States relations: Iran-United States relations: The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/russia-united-states-relations-iran-united-states-relations-the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping.md) _Context: Iran, sanctions_
10. [Brexit: European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/brexit-european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expa.md) _Context: Britain, European Union_
