### [2011-05-18](/news/2011/05/18/index.md)

# 2011 Libyan civil war:. Forces loyal to Muammar Gaddafi shell towns and villages in the western mountains in an attempt to capture higher ground. 

Government forces seek to capture high ground as UN official calls for pause in fighting to facilitate humanitarian aid.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/africa/2011/05/2011518144731555933.html)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/05/18/us-libya-wife-idUSTRE74H6H220110518)

### Related:

1. [Two sons of former Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi, Al-Saadi Gaddafi and Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, are scheduled to appear in court along with 35 other former government officials on charges of murder, embezzlement, and kidnapping during the Libyan Civil War. ](/news/2014/04/14/two-sons-of-former-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-al-saadi-gaddafi-and-saif-al-islam-gaddafi-are-scheduled-to-appear-in-court-along-with.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi_
2. [2011-present Libyan factional fighting:. Authorities in Tripoli announce the capture of Muammar Gaddafi's former spokesman Moussa Ibrahim near the town of Tarhouna, 40 miles south of the capital Tripoli. Ibrahim's whereabouts had been unknown since the end of the civil war in 2011 and there had been several earlier reports of his arrest. Hours later an audio message purported to be by Ibrahim appears online, in which he denies being captured or even being in Libya. ](/news/2012/10/20/2011-present-libyan-factional-fighting-authorities-in-tripoli-announce-the-capture-of-muammar-gaddafi-s-former-spokesman-moussa-ibrahim.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi_
3. [A Libyan starts court proceedings against 41 people accused of helping Muammar Gaddafi to attempt to suppress the opposition in the Libyan Civil War. ](/news/2012/02/5/a-libyan-starts-court-proceedings-against-41-people-accused-of-helping-muammar-gaddafi-to-attempt-to-suppress-the-opposition-in-the-libyan-c.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi_
4. [2011 Libyan civil war: ousted Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi's stronghold of Sirte is reportedly close to being conquered by the forces of the National Transitional Council, who have captured the city's airport, hospital, university and conference centre. ](/news/2011/10/9/2011-libyan-civil-war-ousted-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-s-stronghold-of-sirte-is-reportedly-close-to-being-conquered-by-the-forces-of.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi_
5. [2011 Libyan civil war: After a lengthy and bloody siege, National Transitional Council forces approach the center of the city of Sirte, facing heavy resistance from troops loyal to the ousted dictator Muammar Gaddafi. ](/news/2011/10/8/2011-libyan-civil-war-after-a-lengthy-and-bloody-siege-national-transitional-council-forces-approach-the-center-of-the-city-of-sirte-faci.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi_
6. [Aftermath of Libyan Civil War:. The bodies of ousted Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi, his son and advisor Mutassim Gaddafi, and former defence minister Abu-Bakr Yunis Jabr are buried in unmarked graves by the National Transitional Council. ](/news/2011/10/25/aftermath-of-libyan-civil-war-the-bodies-of-ousted-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-his-son-and-advisor-mutassim-gaddafi-and-former-defen.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi_
7. [Aftermath of the 2011 Libyan civil war:. The corpses of 53 pro-Muammar Gaddafi fighters are found in Sirte, all having apparently been summarily executed by NTC troops. ](/news/2011/10/24/aftermath-of-the-2011-libyan-civil-war-the-corpses-of-53-pro-muammar-gaddafi-fighters-are-found-in-sirte-all-having-apparently-been-summa.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi_
8. [2011 Libyan civil war:. Autopsy results reveal that former Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi was killed by a gunshot to the head. ](/news/2011/10/23/2011-libyan-civil-war-autopsy-results-reveal-that-former-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-was-killed-by-a-gunshot-to-the-head.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi_
9. [2011 Libyan civil war:. Deposed Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi is killed in a crossfire between Gaddafi loyalists and rebel fighters in his hometown of Sirte, Libya. [http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-15389550 (BBC)]. The pro-Gaddafi stronghold of Sirte is captured by National Transitional Council forces following a month-long siege. The fall of Sirte marks the effective consolidation of NTC control across Libya, following the capture of the Gaddafi holdout of Bani Walid on October 17. [http://af.reuters.com/article/topNews/idAFJOE79J09O20111020 (Reuters Africa)]. Mutassim Gaddafi is killed in an extrajudicial killing. ([http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2051857/Gaddafi-dead-Dictators-son-Mutassim-pictured-moments-execution.html?ITO=google_news_rss_feed Daily Mail])](/news/2011/10/20/2011-libyan-civil-war-deposed-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-is-killed-in-a-crossfire-between-gaddafi-loyalists-and-rebel-fighters-in-his.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi_
10. [2011 Libyan civil war: National Transitional Council forces gain control of Muammar Gaddafi's former stronghold of Bani Walid, after a bloody six-week siege. ](/news/2011/10/17/2011-libyan-civil-war-national-transitional-council-forces-gain-control-of-muammar-gaddafi-s-former-stronghold-of-bani-walid-after-a-blood.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi_
