### [2011-05-18](/news/2011/05/18/index.md)

# Dmitry Medvedev, the President of Russia, warns of a potential new Cold War if the United States does not listen to Russia's concerns about its proposed missile defense system. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5g9u7mY_6A7uHvnGuL1n5KKAtjPTw?docId=CNG.721e4536dfb27a26cdf97735f3506862.2d1)

### Related:

1. [At the 52nd Munich Security Conference in Germany, NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg says that NATO and Russia are "not in a cold-war situation but also not in the partnership that we established at the end of the Cold War" while the Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev says tensions between Russia and NATO have sent the world spiralling into a "new Cold War", blaming U.S. and European leaders for the souring of relations with Russia. He also rejected accusations that Russian warplanes have bombed civilians in Syria, saying it is "just not true". ](/news/2016/02/13/at-the-52nd-munich-security-conference-in-germany-nato-secretary-general-jens-stoltenberg-says-that-nato-and-russia-are-not-in-a-cold-war.md) _Context: Cold War, Dmitry Medvedev, Russia, United States_
2. [United States President Barack Obama and Russian President Dmitry Medvedev sign a new arms reduction treaty that will cut both countries' arsenals by a third. ](/news/2010/04/8/united-states-president-barack-obama-and-russian-president-dmitry-medvedev-sign-a-new-arms-reduction-treaty-that-will-cut-both-countries-ar.md) _Context: Dmitry Medvedev, President of Russia, Russia, United States_
3. [ Russian President Dmitry Medvedev accuses the United States of "blocking" Russia's accession to the World Trade Organization. ](/news/2009/09/15/russian-president-dmitry-medvedev-accuses-the-united-states-of-blocking-russia-s-accession-to-the-world-trade-organization.md) _Context: Dmitry Medvedev, President of Russia, Russia, United States_
4. [ United States President Barack Obama and Russian President Dmitry Medvedev agree on cutting their nuclear warheads and cooperate on military action in Afghanistan. ](/news/2009/07/6/united-states-president-barack-obama-and-russian-president-dmitry-medvedev-agree-on-cutting-their-nuclear-warheads-and-cooperate-on-militar.md) _Context: Dmitry Medvedev, President of Russia, Russia, United States_
5. [Russian President Vladimir Putin calls U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, "a very colorful person. Talented, without any doubt" as well as an "absolute leader" in the race for the presidency. ](/news/2015/12/17/russian-president-vladimir-putin-calls-u-s-republican-presidential-candidate-donald-trump-a-very-colorful-person-talented-without-any-d.md) _Context: President of Russia, Russia, United States_
6. [The carrier USS ''Ronald Reagan'', during a military exercise with South Korea  in the Sea of Japan's international waters, scrambled four fighter jets to intercept approaching Russian warplanes,  according to the U.S. Navy. IHS Jane's Defence Weekly said encounters such as these were common during the Cold War, subsided with its end but picked up again under current Russian President Vladimir Putin.  ](/news/2015/10/29/the-carrier-uss-ronald-reagan-during-a-military-exercise-with-south-korea-in-the-sea-of-japan-s-international-waters-scrambled-four-f.md) _Context: Cold War, President of Russia, Russia_
7. [Russian President Dmitry Medvedev presides over the Victory Day Parade on Moscow's Red Square. ](/news/2011/05/9/russian-president-dmitry-medvedev-presides-over-the-victory-day-parade-on-moscow-s-red-square.md) _Context: Dmitry Medvedev, President of Russia, Russia_
8. [Russian President Dmitry Medvedev calls for the chemical castration of pedophiles. ](/news/2011/05/10/russian-president-dmitry-medvedev-calls-for-the-chemical-castration-of-pedophiles.md) _Context: Dmitry Medvedev, President of Russia, Russia_
9. [Russian President Dmitry Medvedev orders Prime Minister Vladimir Putin to remove his deputies on the boards of state companies by 1 July. ](/news/2011/04/3/russian-president-dmitry-medvedev-orders-prime-minister-vladimir-putin-to-remove-his-deputies-on-the-boards-of-state-companies-by-1-july.md) _Context: Dmitry Medvedev, President of Russia, Russia_
10. [Russian President Dmitry Medvedev warns of an "arms race" if Russia and the West can not agree on a missile defence system for Europe. ](/news/2010/11/30/russian-president-dmitry-medvedev-warns-of-an-arms-race-if-russia-and-the-west-can-not-agree-on-a-missile-defence-system-for-europe.md) _Context: Dmitry Medvedev, President of Russia, Russia_
