### [2011-05-18](/news/2011/05/18/index.md)

# The United States announces plans to impose sanctions on the President of Syria, Bashar al-Assad, and six members of his government, for alleged human rights breaches during the 2011 Syrian uprising. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/business/ap-sources-us-to-hit-syrias-assad-with-first-ever-sanctions-for-human-rights-abuses/2011/05/18/AFxOcY6G_story.html?wpisrc=al_national)
2. [Al Jazeera](http://blogs.aljazeera.net/liveblog/syria)

### Related:

1. [Syrian President Bashar al-Assad says he will not negotiate with armed groups, a day after the Syrian opposition's multi-group, two-day meeting in Riyadh agreed on a framework for future negotiations to end the conflict. Assad's statement also appears to put a damper on peace talks Russia and the United States are working to set up. ](/news/2015/12/11/syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-says-he-will-not-negotiate-with-armed-groups-a-day-after-the-syrian-opposition-s-multi-group-two-day-meet.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President, United States_
2. [The Central Bank of Syria announces a new 2,000 Syrian lira (pound) bank note that will feature a portrait of President Bashar al-Assad, the President's first appearance on Syrian currency during his 17-years in office. ](/news/2017/07/2/the-central-bank-of-syria-announces-a-new-2-000-syrian-lira-pound-bank-note-that-will-feature-a-portrait-of-president-bashar-al-assad-the.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President_
3. [Israeli Minister of Construction Yoav Galant states that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should be assassinated. Yesterday, the United States Department of State accused the al-Assad government of using a crematory at Sednaya Prison to cover up the mass murders of thousands of political prisoners. The Syrian government denies the accusations. ](/news/2017/05/16/israeli-minister-of-construction-yoav-galant-states-that-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-should-be-assassinated-yesterday-the-united-stat.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President_
4. [Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states-calli.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, United States_
5. [The Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons says, for the first time, that they suspect Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and other senior officials of the Syrian government are responsible for the use of chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/01/13/the-organisation-for-the-prohibition-of-chemical-weapons-says-for-the-first-time-that-they-suspect-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-and-ot.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President_
6. [ A group of German lawyers files a criminal complaint in Berlin against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad for alleged war crimes committed by his forces and foreign allies during the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2016/11/28/a-group-of-german-lawyers-files-a-criminal-complaint-in-berlin-against-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-for-alleged-war-crimes-committed-by.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President_
7. [The United States and Russia exchanged charges concerning U.N. Assistant Secretary-General for Human Rights Ivan Simonovic's presentation at the U.N. Security Council meeting on Ukraine. While violence between Ukrainian troops and pro-Russian rebels has lessened since September's agreement, Simonovic warned of the massive civilian toll if major hostilities re-erupt. OCHA's John Ging said locals face unacceptable physical hardships and indignities, and that the suspension of humanitarian programs and expulsion of humanitarian workers in non-government controlled areas must end. ](/news/2015/12/11/the-united-states-and-russia-exchanged-charges-concerning-u-n-assistant-secretary-general-for-human-rights-ivan-a-imonovia-s-presentation.md) _Context: Human rights, United States_
8. [A United States Treasury official says ISIL has made over $500 million selling oil to Syrian President Bashar Assad's government, and has also sold oil to Turkey. ](/news/2015/12/10/a-united-states-treasury-official-says-isil-has-made-over-500-million-selling-oil-to-syrian-president-bashar-assadas-government-and-has.md) _Context: President, United States_
9. [U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says new talks aimed to help end Syria's war shouldn't be held up by wrangling over whether President Bashar Assad stays or goes. ](/news/2015/10/31/u-n-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-says-new-talks-aimed-to-help-end-syria-s-war-shouldn-t-be-held-up-by-wrangling-over-whether-president-bas.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President_
10. [The European Union narrowly votes (285-281) to recommend that its 28 member nations drop criminal charges against Edward Snowden and protect him from U.S. extradition and to recognize him as a defender of human rights because of his revelations regarding U.S. and British spying. ](/news/2015/10/29/the-european-union-narrowly-votes-285a281-to-recommend-that-its-28-member-nations-drop-criminal-charges-against-edward-snowden-and-prote.md) _Context: Human rights, United States_
