### [2011-05-18](/news/2011/05/18/index.md)

# The Palestinian Authority calls on Israel to reinstate the rights of up to 140,000 people who lived in the occupied West Bank and lost their residency after travelling abroad. 

The Palestinian Authority wants Israel to reinstate the lost residency rights of up to 140,000 people from the West Bank, Yolande Knell reports.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-13416587)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/special/2015/newsspec_10857/bbc_news_logo.png?cb=1)

### Related:

1. [The first synchrotron in the Middle East, SESAME, opens in Jordan, marking a rare cooperation between Iran, Israel, Turkey, and the Palestinian Authority. ](/news/2017/05/16/the-first-synchrotron-in-the-middle-east-sesame-opens-in-jordan-marking-a-rare-cooperation-between-iran-israel-turkey-and-the-palestin.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian Authority_
2. [The settlement minister of the Palestinian Authority, Ziad Abu Ein, dies after a confrontation with Israeli soldiers during a West Bank protest. ](/news/2014/12/10/the-settlement-minister-of-the-palestinian-authority-ziad-abu-ein-dies-after-a-confrontation-with-israeli-soldiers-during-a-west-bank-prot.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian Authority_
3. [US Secretary of State, John Kerry, announces that Israeli and Palestinian officials have agreed to resume negotiations for a peace agreement. ](/news/2013/07/30/us-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-announces-that-israeli-and-palestinian-officials-have-agreed-to-resume-negotiations-for-a-peace-agreement.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian Authority_
4. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry meets Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas in Ramallah and urges him to restart peace talks, before holding talks with the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. ](/news/2013/04/8/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-in-ramallah-and-urges-him-to-restart-peace-t.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian Authority_
5. [Palestinian prisoners stage protests in Israeli jails as the Palestinian Authority accuses Israel of deliberately delaying the treatment of Maysara Abu Hamdiya, a prisoner who died of throat cancer. ](/news/2013/04/2/palestinian-prisoners-stage-protests-in-israeli-jails-as-the-palestinian-authority-accuses-israel-of-deliberately-delaying-the-treatment-of.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian Authority_
6. [Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu decides to make legal under Israeli law three settlement outposts in the occupied West Bank, to "formalise the status" of Bruchin and Rechelim, in the north, and Sansana, near Hebron in the south. The Palestinian Authority criticises the decision. ](/news/2012/04/24/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-decides-to-make-legal-under-israeli-law-three-settlement-outposts-in-the-occupied-west-bank-to-f.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian Authority_
7. [Negotiators from Israel and the Palestinian Authority meet in the Jordanian capital, Amman, for the first time in 16 months. ](/news/2012/01/3/negotiators-from-israel-and-the-palestinian-authority-meet-in-the-jordanian-capital-amman-for-the-first-time-in-16-months.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian Authority_
8. [Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu calls on Palestinian Authority President Abbas to choose peace with Israel and not Hamas, saying that the Fatah-Hamas unity government deal would jeopardize the already-stalled peace process because Hamas opposes the existence of Israel; Abbas rejects the call as "unacceptable interference". ](/news/2011/05/3/israeli-prime-minister-netanyahu-calls-on-palestinian-authority-president-abbas-to-choose-peace-with-israel-and-not-hamas-saying-that-the-f.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian Authority_
9. [A group of 15 Israeli Jewish worshipers entered the Palestinian city of Nablus to pray in the Jewish holy site Joseph's Tomb, without coordinating their visit with the IDF as required by law. After finishing praying, as the Jewish worshipers were leaving Nablus, their cars came under fire from a Palestinian Authority police jeep. Five Israelis were injured in the attack and the nephew of Israeli Culture and Sport Minister Limor Livnat was killed.](/news/2011/04/24/a-group-of-15-israeli-jewish-worshipers-entered-the-palestinian-city-of-nablus-to-pray-in-the-jewish-holy-site-joseph-s-tomb-without-coordi.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian Authority_
10. [Top Fatah members aligned with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas asked Israel to attack Hamas ahead of Hamas' violent takeover of the Gaza Strip in 2007, according to a US diplomatic cable published by Wikileaks. ](/news/2010/12/21/top-fatah-members-aligned-with-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-asked-israel-to-attack-hamas-ahead-of-hamasa-violent-takeover.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian Authority_
