### [2011-05-18](/news/2011/05/18/index.md)

# UK royal state visit to Ireland: Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom visits Croke Park in Dublin, where British troops killed 20 people in the Bloody Sunday massacre of 1920. 




### Source:

1. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/skynews/Home/World-News/Video-Queen-Visits-Dublins-Croke-Park-Scene-Of-Massacre-By-British-Soldiers-For-Ireland-Trip/Article/201105315994142?lpos=World_News_Carousel_Region_2&lid=ARTICLE_15994142_Video%3A_Queen_Visits_Dublins_Croke_Park%2C_Scene_Of_Massacre_By_British_Soldiers%2C_For_Ireland_Trip)

### Related:

1. [Queen Elizabeth II's visit to the Republic of Ireland:Queen Elizabeth II starts her first state visit to the Republic of Ireland, the first visit of a British monarch since Ireland's independence from the United Kingdom in 1921. Elizabeth is also the first British monarch to visit Ireland since George V's state visit in 1911. ](/news/2011/05/17/queen-elizabeth-ii-s-visit-to-the-republic-of-ireland-pqueen-elizabeth-ii-starts-her-first-state-visit-to-the-republic-of-ireland-the-first.md) _Context: Queen Elizabeth II, UK, UK royal state visit to Ireland_
2. [The United Kingdom's Queen Elizabeth II announces she will miss a Commonwealth meeting for the first time in 40 years. Prince Charles will attend on her behalf. ](/news/2013/05/7/the-united-kingdom-s-queen-elizabeth-ii-announces-she-will-miss-a-commonwealth-meeting-for-the-first-time-in-40-years-prince-charles-will-a.md) _Context: Queen Elizabeth II, UK_
3. [Following severe flooding in Ireland and parts of the United Kingdom, two apparent flood deaths are reported in the Irish capital Dublin. ](/news/2011/10/25/following-severe-flooding-in-ireland-and-parts-of-the-united-kingdom-two-apparent-flood-deaths-are-reported-in-the-irish-capital-dublin.md) _Context: Dublin, UK_
4. [ Armagh beat Kerry at Croke Park, Dublin by a scoreline of 1-12 to 0-14 to win their first All-Ireland Senior Football Championship.](/news/2002/09/22/armagh-beat-kerry-at-croke-park-dublin-by-a-scoreline-of-1-12-to-0-14-to-win-their-first-all-ireland-senior-football-championship.md) _Context: Croke Park, Dublin_
5. [The United Kingdom announces it is withdrawing from the 1964 London Fisheries Convention, which allows several European countries to fish within 6 to 12 nautical miles of each other's coastlines. ](/news/2017/07/2/the-united-kingdom-announces-it-is-withdrawing-from-the-1964-london-fisheries-convention-which-allows-several-european-countries-to-fish-wi.md) _Context: UK_
6. [Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-charter-08-is-suffering-fr.md) _Context: UK_
7. [The United Kingdom and Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation sponsor a summit that plans on raising funds for family planning in developing countries. ](/news/2017/07/11/the-united-kingdom-and-bill-melinda-gates-foundation-sponsor-a-summit-that-plans-on-raising-funds-for-family-planning-in-developing-countr.md) _Context: UK_
8. [The Trump Administration announces this year's presidential state visit to the United Kingdom is delayed until at least 2018. Both the White House and 10 Downing Street state the two countries had been unable to agree on a 2017 date. This planned visit has drawn protests in the United Kingdom since February, and more than 1.8 million signatures on a petition to Parliament to cancel the meeting.  ](/news/2017/07/11/the-trump-administration-announces-this-year-s-presidential-state-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-is-delayed-until-at-least-2018-both-the-white.md) _Context: UK_
9. [A 3 year-old boy is stabbed to death in an incident in the Poddle Park area of Kimmage in Dublin, Ireland. The child's mother, believed to be an Iranian national, is being treated for knife wounds in hospital. ](/news/2017/07/10/a-3-year-old-boy-is-stabbed-to-death-in-an-incident-in-the-poddle-park-area-of-kimmage-in-dublin-ireland-the-child-s-mother-believed-to-b.md) _Context: Dublin_
10. [Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-conservatives-battling-in-a-tight-race.md) _Context: UK_
