### [2015-06-1](/news/2015/06/1/index.md)

# Iraq War (2014-present):: An Islamic State suicide bombing kills 37 at an Iraqi police base. 

A huge suicide bomb attack on an Iraqi police base killed at least 37 people Monday, further slowing an operation to retake the city of Ramadi from Islamic State jihadists. The blast came as US-led coalition members carrying out air raids against IS and providing training and weapons to Iraqi forces


### Source:

1. [Yahoo](http://news.yahoo.com/suicide-attack-iraq-police-kills-least-37-officers-131318624.html)

### Related:

1. [Iraq War (2014-present): ISIL bombings kill 21 and wound more than 100 others in Shia neighborhoods of Baghdad. ](/news/2015/08/15/iraq-war-2014-present-isil-bombings-kill-21-and-wound-more-than-100-others-in-shia-neighborhoods-of-baghdad.md) _Context: ISIL, Iraq War (2014-present)_
2. [2015 Khan Bani Saad massacre: Iraq War (2014-present): A car bomb in Khan Bani Saad City massacres more than 100 people, mostly Shias, celebrating the Eid after end of Ramadan. ISIL claims responsibility. ](/news/2015/07/17/2015-khan-bani-saad-massacre-iraq-war-2014-present-a-car-bomb-in-khan-bani-saad-city-massacres-more-than-100-people-mostly-shias-cel.md) _Context: ISIL, Iraq War (2014-present)_
3. [Battle of Mosul: The Iraqi army's chief of staff, Lt Gen Othman al-Ghanmi, states that his security forces are only days away from completing the operation to recapture Mosul from ISIL. ](/news/2017/05/11/battle-of-mosul-the-iraqi-army-s-chief-of-staff-lt-gen-othman-al-ghanmi-states-that-his-security-forces-are-only-days-away-from-completin.md) _Context: ISIL_
4. [Terrorism in the United States: ISIL supporter, Terrence J. McNeil, of Akron, Ohio, pleads guilty to five counts of soliciting to commit criminal violence and communicating interstate threats in calls to kill U.S. military personnel. He is scheduled to be sentenced in August and faces up to 20 years in prison.](/news/2017/04/20/terrorism-in-the-united-states-isil-supporter-terrence-j-mcneil-of-akron-ohio-pleads-guilty-to-five-counts-of-soliciting-to-commit-cri.md) _Context: ISIL_
5. [2017 shooting of Paris police officers: One policeman has been killed and another has been critically injured after a man opened fire at police officers at the Champs-Elysees in central Paris. The gunman was killed while attempting to escape, and a bystander has been injured. ISIL claims responsibility for the attack although the claim is doubted. The President of France Francois Hollande says that all leads indicate that the attack was of a "terrorist nature". ](/news/2017/04/20/2017-shooting-of-paris-police-officers-one-policeman-has-been-killed-and-another-has-been-critically-injured-after-a-man-opened-fire-at-pol.md) _Context: ISIL_
6. [Syrian Civil War: Battle of al-Bab: The Turkish-backed Free Syrian Army captures Al-Bab from ISIL after months of fighting. ](/news/2017/02/24/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-al-bab-the-turkish-backed-free-syrian-army-captures-al-bab-from-isil-after-months-of-fighting.md) _Context: ISIL_
7. [Syrian Civil War: The ISIL-affiliated Syrian opposition group Jaysh Khaled bin Waleed overwhelms Tahrir al-Sham and Southern Front militants, capturing the towns of Tasil and Saham al-Jawlan, along with two other villages and a hill in Daraa Governorate. ](/news/2017/02/20/syrian-civil-war-the-isil-affiliated-syrian-opposition-group-jaysh-khaled-bin-waleed-overwhelms-tahrir-al-sham-and-southern-front-militants.md) _Context: ISIL_
8. [Iraq-United States relations: The Iraqi Parliament votes in favour of a reciprocal travel ban on U.S. citizens if U.S. President Donald Trump's executive order barring citizens of Iraq and six other Muslim-majority countries is not reversed. The Iraqi travel ban will not be implemented while tens of thousands of U.S. soldiers and contractors are involved in the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2017/01/30/iraq-united-states-relations-the-iraqi-parliament-votes-in-favour-of-a-reciprocal-travel-ban-on-u-s-citizens-if-u-s-president-donald-tr.md) _Context: ISIL_
9. [War in Afghanistan: November 2016 Kabul suicide bombing: At least 32 people are killed and another 80 injured in a suicide bombing at a Kabul Shia mosque. ISIL claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/11/21/war-in-afghanistan-november-2016-kabul-suicide-bombing-at-least-32-people-are-killed-and-another-80-injured-in-a-suicide-bombing-at-a-kabu.md) _Context: ISIL_
10. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Ghor Province Governor's spokesman claims ISIL insurgents killed 26-42 civilians in his governed province, Afghanistan. ](/news/2016/10/26/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-ghor-province-governor-s-spokesman-claims-isil-insurgents-killed-26-42-civilians-in-his-governed-provin.md) _Context: ISIL_
