### [2004-03-15](/news/2004/03/15/index.md)

#  Newly elected Spanish Prime Minister Jos Luis Rodrguez Zapatero announces his government's opposition to the invasion and continued occupation of Iraq and his intention to withdraw Spanish troops from Iraq by June 30, unless they are part of a U.N. force. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/3512144.stm)

### Related:

1. [Spanish Prime Minister Jos Mara Aznar pays a surprise visit to Spanish troops in Iraq. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3336565.stm]](/news/2003/12/20/spanish-prime-minister-jose-maria-aznar-pays-a-surprise-visit-to-spanish-troops-in-iraq-http-news-bbc-co-uk-2-hi-middle_east-3336565-stm.md) _Context: Iraq, Prime Minister, Spanish_
2. [Following the Obama Administration's pledge of additional Special Operations troops to Iraq, several members of Iraq's ruling alliance state that only the Iraqi Parliament can authorize the action, and political associates of Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi report such a troop expansion would be unacceptable. Several members of Iraqi militias have also decried a deployment of more U.S. troops. During the pull out from Iraq, president Obama promised there would be no more "boots on the ground" in Iraq again. ](/news/2015/12/3/following-the-obama-administration-s-pledge-of-additional-special-operations-troops-to-iraq-several-members-of-iraqas-ruling-alliance-sta.md) _Context: Iraq, Prime Minister_
3. [Spanish Prime Minister Jos Luis Rodrguez Zapatero reshuffles his cabinet in a move to strengthen his government. ](/news/2010/10/20/spanish-prime-minister-jose-luis-rodriguez-zapatero-reshuffles-his-cabinet-in-a-move-to-strengthen-his-government.md) _Context: Jos Luis Rodrguez Zapatero, Spanish_
4. [Spain's Prime Minister Jos Luis Rodrguez Zapatero announces wage cuts for state employees and a reduction in investment in response to his country's budget deficit. ](/news/2010/05/12/spain-s-prime-minister-jose-luis-rodriguez-zapatero-announces-wage-cuts-for-state-employees-and-a-reduction-in-investment-in-response-to-his.md) _Context: Jos Luis Rodrguez Zapatero, Spanish_
5. [ Photographs of Spanish Prime Minister Jos Luis Rodrguez Zapatero and his family are published in the United States and subsequently published on the front pages of newspapers in his home country. A controversy occurs as many Spaniards have never before seen the children of the intensely private Prime Minister. ](/news/2009/09/25/photographs-of-spanish-prime-minister-jose-luis-rodriguez-zapatero-and-his-family-are-published-in-the-united-states-and-subsequently-publi.md) _Context: Jos Luis Rodrguez Zapatero, Spanish_
6. [ Al-Qaeda's deputy leader, Ayman al-Zawahiri, openly supports Hezbollah attacks on Israel, Calling for Jihad until Islam reigns from "Spain to Iraq". ](/news/2006/07/27/al-qaeda-s-deputy-leader-ayman-al-zawahiri-openly-supports-hezbollah-attacks-on-israel-calling-for-jihad-until-islam-reigns-from-spain.md) _Context: Iraq, Spanish_
7. [ New Italian prime minister Romano Prodi pledges to withdraw Italian troops from Iraq and calls the Iraq war a "grave mistake that has not solved but increased the problem of security". ](/news/2006/05/18/new-italian-prime-minister-romano-prodi-pledges-to-withdraw-italian-troops-from-iraq-and-calls-the-iraq-war-a-grave-mistake-that-has-not-s.md) _Context: Iraq, Prime Minister_
8. [ Anti-war campaigners criticised British Prime Minister Tony Blair after he suggested his decision to go to war in Iraq would ultimately be judged by God. ](/news/2006/03/4/anti-war-campaigners-criticised-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-after-he-suggested-his-decision-to-go-to-war-in-iraq-would-ultimately-be.md) _Context: Iraq, Prime Minister_
9. [ Iraqi President Jalal Talabani has called the former prime minister Iyad Allawi's comments ""nonsense"". Allawi claimed that the human rights abuses in Iraq were as bad now as they were under Saddam Hussein. Talabani stated that the government was against any form of torture or harming of Prisoners. ](/news/2005/11/28/iraqi-president-jalal-talabani-has-called-the-former-prime-minister-iyad-allawi-s-comments-nonsense-allawi-claimed-that-the-human-righ.md) _Context: Iraq, Prime Minister_
10. [ In Manchester, UK, 30 police raid a house at 5 a.m. and arrest a 40-year-old man on suspicion of involvement in suicide bombings in Iraq. Another man resident in the same house is believed to have gone to Iraq in February to carry out a bombing. Last week, police in Spain and Germany also made arrests in connection with bombings in Iraq, but it is not known if the cases are related. ](/news/2005/06/21/in-manchester-uk-30-police-raid-a-house-at-5-a-m-and-arrest-a-40-year-old-man-on-suspicion-of-involvement-in-suicide-bombings-in-iraq-a.md) _Context: Iraq, Spanish_
