### [2004-03-15](/news/2004/03/15/index.md)

#  Same-sex marriage in the United States: Commissioners of Multnomah County, Oregon, dismiss state attorney general Hardy Myers' non-binding opinion that same-sex marriages are illegal and vow to continue issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples. 




### Source:

1. [Seattle Times](http://seattletimes.nwsource.com/html/localnews/2001879597_weboregaymarriage15.html)

### Related:

1. [ Same-sex marriage in the United States: The California Supreme Court refuses a petition by California Attorney General Bill Lockyer asking for an immediate ruling on the constitutionality of same-sex marriage laws and a cease and desist order against San Francisco's granting of marriage licenses to same-sex couples. ](/news/2004/02/27/same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-the-california-supreme-court-refuses-a-petition-by-california-attorney-general-bill-lockyer-asking.md) _Context: marriage license, same-sex marriage, same-sex marriage_
2. [ Same-sex marriage in the United States: San Francisco Superior court Judge James L. Warner postpones any decision to block the city and county of San Francisco, California, from issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples and to void the 2,464 same-sex marriages that were performed in the city since February 12. This was on the grounds that the Proposition 22 Legal Defense and Education Fund's order for San Francisco to "cease and desist issuing marriage licenses to and/or solemnizing marriages of same-sex couples; to show cause before this court&nbsp;..." had an improper semicolon; to do both, rather than one or the other, would have exceeded the judge's jurisdiction. ](/news/2004/02/17/same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-san-francisco-superior-court-judge-james-l-warner-postpones-any-decision-to-block-the-city-and-cou.md) _Context: marriage license, same-sex marriage, same-sex marriage_
3. [ Anglican archbishops give the U.S. church an ultimatum over its approach to issues such as homosexual clergy and blessings of same-sex marriages. ](/news/2007/02/20/anglican-archbishops-give-the-u-s-church-an-ultimatum-over-its-approach-to-issues-such-as-homosexual-clergy-and-blessings-of-same-sex-marr.md) _Context: gay, same-sex marriage_
4. [ Same-sex marriage in the United States: The New York State Supreme Court rules that the state's ban on same-sex marriage violates the state constitution. The decision is stayed for 30 days. ](/news/2005/02/4/same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-the-new-york-state-supreme-court-rules-that-the-state-s-ban-on-same-sex-marriage-violates-the-state.md) _Context: same-sex marriage, same-sex marriage_
5. [ Senator John Kerry concedes to President George W. Bush "The outcome should be decided by voters, not a protracted legal process", Kerry said. "I would not give up if there was a chance we could prevail." [http://reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6703896 (Reuters)] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/3980533.stm (BBC)] Republican President George W. Bush wins the popular vote, receiving 3.58 million more votes than Democratic Senator John Kerry. (51.6% to 48.4%, 59.0 million to 55.4 million) Claiming victory in the swing state of Ohio, Bush will probably have more than the 270 votes needed when the U.S. Electoral College meets on December 13. [http://www.cnn.com/ELECTION/2004/ (CNN)] The Republican Party widens its majority in the Senate and House of Representatives. Democratic Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle concedes defeat to Republican challenger John Thune, thus becoming the first Senate leader in 52 years to lose a re-election bid and leaving the leadership of the Democratic Party in the Senate open. [http://www.cnn.com/2004/ALLPOLITICS/11/02/senate.main/index.html (CNN)] The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) reports that on November 2, touch-screen electronic voting machines in at least six U.S. states had incorrectly recorded their choices, including for the presidential election. Incorrectly recorded votes make up roughly 20 percent of the e-voting problems. [http://www.eff.org/news/archives/2004_11.php#002062 (EFF)] Same-sex marriage in the United States: Gay rights activists suffer a severe setback when state constitutional amendments prohibiting same-sex marriage are passed in eleven states: Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, Michigan, Mississippi, Montana, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, Oregon, and Utah. The measures in Oregon, Mississippi, and Montana ban same-sex marriage only, while Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, and Utah ban both same-sex marriage and civil unions and Michigan bans granting any benefits whatsoever to same-sex couples. ](/news/2004/11/3/senator-john-kerry-concedes-to-president-george-w-bush-the-outcome-should-be-decided-by-voters-not-a-protracted-legal-process-kerry-sa.md) _Context: same-sex marriage, same-sex marriage_
6. [ Same-sex marriage in the United States: The Wisconsin State Assembly approves state constitution amendment (voted 68-27) to ban same-sex marriages or civil unions, to counter efforts elsewhere to legalize such partnerships. The Kansas House passes, by 88 votes to 36, a proposed amendment. ](/news/2004/03/5/same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-the-wisconsin-state-assembly-approves-state-constitution-amendment-voted-68-27-to-ban-same-sex-ma.md) _Context: same-sex marriage, same-sex marriage_
7. [ Same-sex marriage in the U.S.: Benton County, Oregon, commissioners, after receiving a letter from state attorney general Hardy Myers, reverse their earlier vote to begin issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples this Wednesday. But, stating they will observe the principle of equal treatment under the law, the commissioners decide that the county will stop issuing "any" marriage licenses until the Oregon Supreme Court has ruled on the constitutionality of the law. ](/news/2004/03/22/same-sex-marriage-in-the-u-s-benton-county-oregon-commissioners-after-receiving-a-letter-from-state-attorney-general-hardy-myers-reve.md) _Context: Hardy Myers, same-sex marriage_
8. [ Same-sex marriage in the United States: Oregon's attorney general issues his opinion on same-sex marriage within Oregon. He concludes that current state law prohibits issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples, but that the Oregon Supreme Court is likely to conclude those statutes violate the state's constitution. The Wisconsin State Senate approves state constitution amendment to ban same-sex marriages or civil unions, to counter efforts elsewhere to legalize such partnerships. ](/news/2004/03/12/same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-oregon-s-attorney-general-issues-his-opinion-on-same-sex-marriage-within-oregon-he-concludes-that.md) _Context: same-sex marriage, same-sex marriage_
9. [ Same-sex marriage in the United States: Saying he will defend California's laws limiting marriage to opposite-sex couples, state attorney general Bill Lockyer dismisses California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger's "order" in the San Francisco marriage licenses debate, saying his office is independent of gubernatorial power. ](/news/2004/02/22/same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-saying-he-will-defend-california-s-laws-limiting-marriage-to-opposite-sex-couples-state-attorney-g.md) _Context: marriage license, same-sex marriage_
10. [ Officials at the city and county of San Francisco, California, estimate by the end of the day that they will have issued 2,000 licenses for same-sex marriages in the four days since they started granting legal recognition to gay and lesbian unions. ](/news/2004/02/16/officials-at-the-city-and-county-of-san-francisco-california-estimate-by-the-end-of-the-day-that-they-will-have-issued-2-000-licenses-for.md) _Context: marriage license, same-sex marriage_
