### [2013-05-23](/news/2013/05/23/index.md)

# A cluster of mysterious and serious respiratory illnesses that affected Southeast Alabama and killed 2 people was nothing more than the ordinary common cold, mostly rhinovirus, and seasonal influenza A. 

A cluster of mysterious respiratory illnesses that alarmed southeast Alabama turned out to be nothing more sinister than ordinary cold and seasonal flu, health officials said Thursday. Lab tests by state and federal officials ruled out avian influenza and


### Source:

1. [NBC](http://vitals.nbcnews.com/_news/2013/05/23/18449076-mystery-illness-in-alabama-mostly-cold-and-flu-tests-show?lite)

### Related:

1. [The governor of the State of Alabama, Robert Bentley, wins a court victory halting impeachment proceedings that were set to begin Monday to determine whether he should remain in office after it was discovered that he had a romantic relationship with a staffer. ](/news/2017/04/7/the-governor-of-the-state-of-alabama-robert-bentley-wins-a-court-victory-halting-impeachment-proceedings-that-were-set-to-begin-monday-to.md) _Context: Alabama_
2. [The Alabama Ethics Commission finds there is probable cause that Governor Robert Bentley violated the state's ethics and campaign finance laws, and refers the case to Montgomery County District Attorney Daryl Bailey. ](/news/2017/04/6/the-alabama-ethics-commissiona-finds-there-is-probable-cause-that-governor-robert-bentley-violated-the-state-s-ethics-and-campaign-finance-l.md) _Context: Alabama_
3. [An AMBER Alert is issued in Tennessee and Alabama for Elizabeth Thomas, who is believed to have been kidnapped by her former high school teacher Tad Cummins. ](/news/2017/03/14/an-amber-alert-is-issued-in-tennessee-and-alabama-for-elizabeth-thomas-who-is-believed-to-have-been-kidnapped-by-her-former-high-school-tea.md) _Context: Alabama_
4. [Multiple tornadoes tear through New Orleans, Baton Rouge, and other parts of southeastern Louisiana, injuring at least 20 people; no deaths have been reported. The severe weather also delivers heavy rain and hail in Mississippi and Alabama. ](/news/2017/02/7/multiple-tornadoes-tear-through-new-orleans-baton-rouge-and-other-parts-of-southeastern-louisiana-injuring-at-least-20-people-no-deaths.md) _Context: Alabama_
5. [A powerful storm system hits the southern United States, resulting in four deaths in Alabama and severe damage across several states. ](/news/2017/01/2/a-powerful-storm-system-hits-the-southern-united-states-resulting-in-four-deaths-in-alabama-and-severe-damage-across-several-states.md) _Context: Alabama_
6. [Three people are dead after a tornado hits in Jackson County in the U.S. state of Alabama. Four other people are injured in neighboring De Kalb County. ](/news/2016/11/30/three-people-are-dead-after-a-tornado-hits-in-jackson-county-in-the-u-s-state-of-alabama-four-other-people-are-injured-in-neighboring-de-k.md) _Context: Alabama_
7. [One person is killed and at least five others injured following an explosion and fire along one of Colonial Pipeline's conduits in rural Alabama (US), the second incident on this section of the line in less than two months. One pipeline reopened this evening while a second is expected to working by Saturday. ](/news/2016/10/31/one-person-is-killed-and-at-least-five-others-injured-following-an-explosion-and-fire-along-one-of-colonial-pipeline-s-conduits-in-rural-ala.md) _Context: Alabama_
8. [A United States federal district judge rules unconstitutional a provision in an Alabama state law that requires doctors who perform abortions to have admitting privileges at a local hospital. A Florida law enacted today contains a comparable provision to Alabama's. The U.S. Supreme Court heard arguments a few weeks ago on the constitutionality of similar abortion restrictions in Texas. ](/news/2016/03/25/a-united-states-federal-district-judge-rules-unconstitutional-a-provision-in-an-alabama-state-law-that-requires-doctors-who-perform-abortion.md) _Context: Alabama_
9. [Voters in the U.S. states of Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Colorado, Georgia, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas, Vermont, Virginia, and the overseas territory of American Samoa go to the polls to vote on Super Tuesday. ](/news/2016/03/1/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-alabama-alaska-arkansas-colorado-georgia-massachusetts-minnesota-oklahoma-tennessee-texas-vermont-vi.md) _Context: Alabama_
10. [The death toll in the spring-like, tornado-laden storms that began Wednesday in the American South has risen to 18 with additional tornadoes hitting north-central Alabama Friday and one outside of Dallas, Texas, today. ](/news/2015/12/26/the-death-toll-in-the-spring-like-tornado-laden-storms-that-began-wednesday-in-the-american-south-has-risen-to-18-with-additional-tornadoes.md) _Context: Alabama_
