### [2013-05-23](/news/2013/05/23/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War:Friends of Syria calls on Iran and its Lebanese ally Hezbollah to withdraw from Syrian territory. 

After meeting in Amman, 11 Western and Arab nations also warn of &#39;severe consequences&#39; if use of chemical weapons by Assad forces is confirmed


### Source:

1. [Ynet](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-4383243,00.html)

### Related:

1. [A missile-strike in Jaramana in southern Syria kills high-ranking Lebanese Hezbollah commander Samir Kuntar and eight National Defence Force (NDF) personnel. The responsibility for the incident taken by the Free Syrian Army, though Hezbollah alleges Israeli involvement. Kuntar was the longest serving Lebanese prisoner in Israel until his release in 2008. On April 22, 1979 Kuntar and his team broke into an apartment building and kidnapped a father, 31-year-old Danny Haran, and his 4-year-old daughter, Einat, taking them to a nearby beach and killing them. ](/news/2015/12/20/a-missile-strike-in-jaramana-in-southern-syria-kills-high-ranking-lebanese-hezbollah-commander-samir-kuntar-and-eight-national-defence-force.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
2. [The Israeli Air Force reportedly conducts an airstrike near Damascus International Airport, in Syria's capital, the target apparently a weapons shipment reportedly intended for Lebanese terrorist organization Hezbollah, according to Syrian opposition groups. ](/news/2015/11/11/the-israeli-air-force-reportedly-conducts-an-airstrike-near-damascus-international-airport-in-syria-s-capital-the-target-apparently-a-weap.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Fighting resumes in Syria near the Lebanese border and Idlib Governorate as a temporary ceasefire between the Syrian government, its ally Hezbollah and an alliance of insurgent groups ends. ](/news/2015/08/15/fighting-resumes-in-syria-near-the-lebanese-border-and-idlib-governorate-as-a-temporary-ceasefire-between-the-syrian-government-its-ally-he.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian Civil War:At least four people are killed as Hezbollah clashes with Syrian rebels on the border between Lebanon and Syria. ](/news/2014/07/13/syrian-civil-war-pat-least-four-people-are-killed-as-hezbollah-clashes-with-syrian-rebels-on-the-border-between-lebanon-and-syria.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Syrian Civil War:A suicide bomber kills 4 people and injures 26 in the Lebanese town of Hermel, a Hezbollah stronghold near the Syrian border. ](/news/2014/01/16/syrian-civil-war-pa-suicide-bomber-kills-4-people-and-injures-26-in-the-lebanese-town-of-hermel-a-hezbollah-stronghold-near-the-syrian-bord.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian civil war:Israeli forces, in a second attack in as many days, bomb a weapons shipment of sophisticated missiles suspected as being transported from Syria to Hezbollah in Lebanon. ](/news/2013/05/4/syrian-civil-war-pisraeli-forces-in-a-second-attack-in-as-many-days-bomb-a-weapons-shipment-of-sophisticated-missiles-suspected-as-being-t.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian civil war:Israeli forces attack an arms convoy on the Lebanon-Syria border overnight destined from Syria to Hezbollah. ](/news/2013/01/30/syrian-civil-war-pisraeli-forces-attack-an-arms-convoy-on-the-lebanonasyria-border-overnight-destined-from-syria-to-hezbollah.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
8. [ White House Press Secretary Tony Snow said in a statement that "We are therefore increasingly concerned by mounting evidence that the Syrian and Iranian governments, Hezbollah, and their Lebanese allies are preparing plans to topple Lebanon's democratically elected government," and that "We're making it clear to everybody in the region that we think that there ought to be hands off the [Prime Minister Fouad] Siniora government; let them go about and do their business."](/news/2006/11/1/white-house-press-secretary-tony-snow-said-in-a-statement-that-we-are-therefore-increasingly-concerned-by-mounting-evidence-that-the-syria.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Iran, Lebanon, Syria_
9. [Iran fires medium range ballistic missiles from western Iran to militant targets in Deir ez-Zor Governorate, eastern Syria, in retaliation for the June 7 Tehran attacks. ](/news/2017/06/18/iran-fires-medium-range-ballistic-missiles-from-western-iran-to-militant-targets-in-deir-ez-zor-governorate-eastern-syria-in-retaliation-f.md) _Context: Iran, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
10. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Iran, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
