### [2005-12-8](/news/2005/12/8/index.md)

#  President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad remarks that Israel should be moved to Europe and the "issue will be resolved." His remarks were widely condemned as Holocaust denial by Israeli, European and American politicians, The Secretary General of the United Nations, Kofi Annan, issued a statement indicating that he "was shocked", while Saudi, Turkish and Iranian officials criticized his speech because it undermined a Mecca summit dedicated to showing Islam's moderate face.

Saudis fumed Friday that Iran&#39;s president marred a Mecca summit dedicated to showing Islam&#39;s moderate face by suggesting the Holocaust might not have taken place and that Israel should be moved to Europe. The remarks by President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, at a news conference in the holy city of Mecca on Thursday, were also condemned by Germany, and Iranian ally Russia.


### Source:

1. [AP](http://www.forbes.com/business/manufacturing/feeds/ap/2005/12/08/ap2379169.html)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4510922.stm)
3. [DailyStar](http://www.dailystar.com.lb/article.asp?edition_id=10&categ_id=2&article_id=20665)
4. [KUNA](http://www.kuna.net.kw/home/story.aspx?Language=en&DSNO=795240)
5. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.co.uk/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=topNews&storyID=2005-12-08T142521Z_01_SPI849554_RTRUKOC_0_UK-MIDEAST-IRAN-AHMADINEJAD.xml)
6. [UN](http://www.un.org/apps/news/story.asp?NewsID=16869&Cr=iran&Cr1=)

### Related:

1. [ International Quds Day: Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad calls The Holocaust a "myth" and says that "the very existence of this regime is an insult to the dignity of the people" in referring to Israel at a Quds Day rally in Tehran. ](/news/2009/09/18/international-quds-day-p-iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-calls-the-holocaust-a-myth-and-says-that-the-very-existence-of-this-regim.md) _Context: Holocaust denial, Iran, Israel, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President_
2. [ The President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad indicates that he does not expect an attack by the United States or Israel because he considers George W. Bush to be a lame duck president. ](/news/2008/07/8/the-president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-indicates-that-he-does-not-expect-an-attack-by-the-united-states-or-israel-because-he-considers-g.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President, United States_
3. [An explosion occurs in Taksim Square in Istanbul, Turkey, kills five people, including two dual citizenship Israeli-Americans and one Iranian citizen, and injures several dozen others. ](/news/2016/03/19/an-explosion-occurs-in-taksim-square-in-istanbul-turkey-kills-five-people-including-two-dual-citizenship-israeli-americans-and-one-irania.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, Turkey, United States_
4. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of  talks  over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan,  the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saud.md) _Context: Iran, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United States_
5. [Representatives of the United States and European nations walk out of the General Assembly of the United Nations during an accusatory speech by the President of Iran, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. ](/news/2011/09/22/representatives-of-the-united-states-and-european-nations-walk-out-of-the-general-assembly-of-the-united-nations-during-an-accusatory-speech.md) _Context: Europe, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President, United States_
6. [Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad visits Lebanon amidst concern from Israel and United States. ](/news/2010/10/13/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-visits-lebanon-amidst-concern-from-israel-and-united-states.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, President, United States_
7. [The United States and other western nations including Britain, Sweden, Australia, Belgium, Uruguay and Spain walk out of the United Nations General Assembly following claims by the President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad that the "majority of the American people as well as most nations and politicians around the world" say that the 9/11 attacks were the work of the Government of the United States trying to protect Israel. ](/news/2010/09/23/the-united-states-and-other-western-nations-including-britain-sweden-australia-belgium-uruguay-and-spain-walk-out-of-the-united-nations.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President, United States_
8. [Israel rejects United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon's proposal to create an international committee of inquiry into the raid on Gaza flotilla raid; committee members would include representatives from the United States, Turkey and Israel. ](/news/2010/06/6/israel-rejects-united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-s-proposal-to-create-an-international-committee-of-inquiry-into-the-raid-on-gaza.md) _Context: Israel, Secretary General, Turkey, United States_
9. [ Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad states in an interview that Iran does not fear the U.S. and that any foreign attack would be "severely punished". ](/news/2007/02/12/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-states-in-an-interview-that-iran-does-not-fear-the-u-s-and-that-any-foreign-attack-would-be-severel.md) _Context: Iran, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President, United States_
10. [ Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad opposes a bill in Iranian parliament that would require the fingerprinting of any citizens of the United States that are visiting Iran, stating, "We do not have a problem with American people. We oppose only the U.S. government." ](/news/2006/10/24/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-opposes-a-bill-in-iranian-parliament-that-would-require-the-fingerprinting-of-any-citizens-of-the-uni.md) _Context: Iran, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President, United States_
