
Formats: [HTML](/news/2017/12/22/palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-says-he-will-not-accept-any-u-s-plan-for-peace-with-israel-because-it-recognized-jerusalem-as-israel-s.html)  [JSON](/news/2017/12/22/palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-says-he-will-not-accept-any-u-s-plan-for-peace-with-israel-because-it-recognized-jerusalem-as-israel-s.json)  [XML](/news/2017/12/22/palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-says-he-will-not-accept-any-u-s-plan-for-peace-with-israel-because-it-recognized-jerusalem-as-israel-s.xml)  

### [2017-12-22](/news/2017/12/22/index.md)

# Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says he will not accept any U.S. plan for peace with Israel, because it recognized Jerusalem as Israel's capital. 




### Sources:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-42453530)
1. [Cover Image](https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/cpsprodpb/8522/production/_99328043_mediaitem99328041.jpg)

### Changes:

1. [Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas has said he will not accept any US plan for peace with Israel, after it recognised Jerusalem as Israel's capital. ](/news/2017/12/22/palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-has-said-he-will-not-accept-any-us-plan-for-peace-with-israel-after-it-recognised-jerusalem-as-israel-s.md) _2017-12-22 17:30:06 (First version)_
2. [Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says he will not accept any US plan for peace with Israel, because it recognised Jerusalem as Israel's capital. ](/news/2017/12/22/palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-says-he-will-not-accept-any-us-plan-for-peace-with-israel-because-it-recognised-jerusalem-as-israel-s-c.md) _2017-12-22 19:30:06 (Update)_
3. [Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says he will not accept any US plan for peace with Israel, because it recognized Jerusalem as Israel's capital. ](/news/2017/12/22/palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-says-he-will-not-accept-any-us-plan-for-peace-with-israel-because-it-recognized-jerusalem-as-israel-s-c.md) _2017-12-23 00:30:05 (Update)_
3. [Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says he will not accept any U.S. plan for peace with Israel, because it recognized Jerusalem as Israel's capital. ](/news/2017/12/22/palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-says-he-will-not-accept-any-u-s-plan-for-peace-with-israel-because-it-recognized-jerusalem-as-israel-s.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [The United Nations General Assembly votes 128-9, with 35 abstentions, in a nonbinding resolution to demand that the United States rescind its December 6th declaration on unilaterally recognizing the holy and contested city of Jerusalem as Israel's capital. ](/news/2017/12/21/the-united-nations-general-assembly-votes-128a9-with-35-abstentions-in-a-nonbinding-resolution-to-demand-that-the-united-states-rescind.md) _Context: Jerusalem, United Nations General Assembly resolution ES-10/L.22_
2. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Jerusalem, Mahmoud Abbas_
3. [A planned summit between Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, Palestinian president Mahmoud Abbas, and Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak scheduled for October 21 in Paris is postponed amidst Palestinian ojections to a decision by Israel to construct 240 housing units in east Jerusalem](/news/2010/10/17/a-planned-summit-betweena-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-and-egyptian-president-hosni-mubar.md) _Context: Jerusalem, Mahmoud Abbas_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel kills senior Hamas official, Ismail Abu Shanab, by a missile strike in the Gaza Strip and sent tanks into the West Bank towns of Nablus, Jenin and Tulkarem in response to a deadly suicide bombing of a bus in Jerusalem. In Hebron, troops destroy the terrorist bomber's home. Hamas and Islamic Jihad end their participation in the cease fire (in response to Israel's action from the two groups' bombing), declaring themselves as enemies to the peace plan, and vow further terrorist acts. The militants demand that Palestinian prime minister, Mahmoud Abbas, leave their area of control.](/news/2003/08/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-kills-senior-hamas-official-ismail-abu-shanab-by-a-missile-strike-in-the-gaza-strip-and-sent-tanks-i.md) _Context: Jerusalem, Mahmoud Abbas_
5. [U.S. President Donald Trump recognizes Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and says the U.S. starts the process of moving its embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. The United States Department of State issues an internal travel warning to Israel, Jerusalem and the West Bank until December 20. The U.S. embassy in Amman temporarily suspends routine public services and stops embassy travel around Jordan. Embassies in Berlin and London issue vigilance warnings to U.S. citizens. ](/news/2017/12/6/u-s-president-donald-trump-recognizes-jerusalem-as-the-capital-of-israel-and-says-the-u-s-starts-the-process-of-moving-its-embassy-from-te.md) _Context: Jerusalem_
