### [2010-01-10](/news/2010/01/10/index.md)

# Britain is set to ban a Muslim group, Al-Muhajiroun, also known as Islam4UK, that recently caused outrage by proposing a demonstration in the town that receives the bodies of British war dead killed abroad, the Home Office says. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2010/WORLD/europe/01/10/uk.islamist.ban/index.html)

### Related:

1. [The president of the Czech Republic, Milos Zeman, marks the 26th anniversary of the Velvet Revolution by attending an anti-Islam rally in Prague with the "Bloc against Islam" group which supports the president. The rally is also attended by observers from the German protest movement, PEGIDA (Patriotic Europeans Against the Islamisation of the Occident) and Tommy Robinson, a prominent British anti-Islam activist. Zeman tells the crowd of several thousand that they aren't extremists for advocating closing the Republic's borders to Muslim migrants. ](/news/2015/11/17/the-president-of-the-czech-republic-miloa-zeman-marks-the-26th-anniversary-of-the-velvet-revolution-by-attending-an-anti-islam-rally-in-p.md) _Context: Muslim, United Kingdom_
2. [The United Kingdom Home Office is subjected to an attack believed to be from the Anonymous computer hacking group. ](/news/2012/04/7/the-united-kingdom-home-office-is-subjected-to-an-attack-believed-to-be-from-the-anonymous-computer-hacking-group.md) _Context: Home Office, United Kingdom_
3. [Indian Muslim television preacher Zakir Naik is banned from entry into the United Kingdom for what is described as "unacceptable behaviour". He was due to lecture in Sheffield and London. ](/news/2010/06/18/indian-muslim-television-preacher-zakir-naik-is-banned-from-entry-into-the-united-kingdom-for-what-is-described-as-unacceptable-behaviour.md) _Context: Muslim, United Kingdom_
4. [The United Kingdom bans the Islamist organisation Al-Muhajiroun and an offshoot group, Islam4UK. ](/news/2010/01/12/the-united-kingdom-bans-the-islamist-organisation-al-muhajiroun-and-an-offshoot-group-islam4uk.md) _Context: Al-Muhajiroun, United Kingdom_
5. [ The City of Westminster Magistrates' Court rules Egyptian-born Muslim cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri can be extradited from the United Kingdom to the United States, where he is accused of terrorism. ](/news/2007/11/15/the-city-of-westminster-magistrates-court-rules-egyptian-born-muslim-cleric-abu-hamza-al-masri-can-be-extradited-from-the-united-kingdom-t.md) _Context: Muslim, United Kingdom_
6. [ The United Kingdom Home Office is restructured with a new Ministry of Justice being formed to handle prisons, probation and the sentencing of offenders. ](/news/2007/05/9/the-united-kingdom-home-office-is-restructured-with-a-new-ministry-of-justice-being-formed-to-handle-prisons-probation-and-the-sentencing.md) _Context: Home Office, United Kingdom_
7. [ Conflict in Iraq: Former chief of the RUC police force will head a British investigation into possible infiltration of Iraq's police force by insurgents. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/northern_ireland/4497128.stm (BBC)] Former prime minister Iyad Allawi says he survived an assassination attempt at the Imam Ali Mosque in Najaf. Police say his group fled from the Shi'ite Muslim shrine under a hail of debris by a mob. [http://today.reuters.co.uk/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=worldNews&storyID=2005-12-04T174641Z_01_MOL463885_RTRUKOC_0_UK-IRAQ.xml (ReutersUK)](Link dead as of 22:46, 14 January 2007 (UTC)), [http://www.nytimes.com/2005/12/04/international/middleeast/04cnd-iraq.html?hp&ex=1133758800&en=5c16772029d814d2&ei=5094&partner=homepage (NYTimes)] (registration required)](/news/2005/12/4/conflict-in-iraq-p-former-chief-of-the-ruc-police-force-will-head-a-british-investigation-into-possible-infiltration-of-iraq-s-police-force.md) _Context: Muslim, United Kingdom_
8. [Following a similar move in France, the United Kingdom is to ban the sale of petrol and diesel cars by 2040 in order to reduce air pollution. A new tax will also be levied on diesel car drivers in 2020. ](/news/2017/07/25/following-a-similar-move-in-france-the-united-kingdom-is-to-ban-the-sale-of-petrol-and-diesel-cars-by-2040-in-order-to-reduce-air-pollution.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
9. [A United Kingdom court blocks a PS14 billion class action lawsuit against MasterCard. ](/news/2017/07/22/a-united-kingdom-court-blocks-a-aps14-billion-class-action-lawsuit-against-mastercard.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Muslim_
