### [2010-01-10](/news/2010/01/10/index.md)

# It is revealed that "AHS Centaur", an Australian hospital ship dating from World War II, has been viewed for the first time since it was torpedoed by the Japanese in May 1943 killing 268 people. 

A plaque will be placed at the site of the torpedoed wartime hospital ship, the Centaur, this week.


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2010/01/10/2788961.htm)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/8450511.stm)
3. [The Sydney Morning Herald](http://news.smh.com.au/breaking-news-national/shipwreck-hunters-find-centaurs-name-20100111-m0z1.html)
4. [news.com.au](http://www.news.com.au/national/first-photos-of-hospital-ship-centaur/story-e6frfkwr-1225817748786)

### Related:

1. [ United States Vice President Mike Pence visits Alaska, where he meets with Governor Bill Walker and discusses stationing F-35 squadrons in the state. Pence is beginning a 10-day trip to South Korea, Australia, Indonesia and Japan. ](/news/2017/04/15/united-states-vice-president-mike-pence-visits-alaska-where-he-meets-with-governor-bill-walker-and-discusses-stationing-f-35-squadrons-in.md) _Context: Australia, Japan_
2. [Russia announces it will deploy state-of-the art missile defense systems to the far eastern Kuril Islands where they and Japan have rival territorial claims dating to the end of the Second World War. Russian Defence Minister Sergey Shoygu also says that Russia will form new defence units in the country's Western Military District in response to NATO's recent deployment of forces to member states near its border. ](/news/2016/03/25/russia-announces-it-will-deploy-state-of-the-art-missile-defense-systems-to-the-far-eastern-kuril-islands-where-they-and-japan-have-rival-te.md) _Context: Japan, World War II_
3. [Australia is threatening to take legal action against Japan over its resumption of its controversial whale hunt in the Antarctic Ocean. A whaling fleet set sail last week, ignoring international condemnation, and last year's ruling by the International Court of Justice (ICJ) prohibiting these hunts. ](/news/2015/12/7/australia-is-threatening-to-take-legal-action-against-japan-over-its-resumption-of-its-controversial-whale-hunt-in-the-antarctic-ocean-a-wh.md) _Context: Australia, Japan_
4. [Japan and South Korea agree to 'irreversibly' resolve a long-running dispute over Korean women the Japanese military used as sex slaves during World War II. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will issue a formal apology to the so-called "comfort women." Tokyo will set up an aid fund of about 1 billion yen ($8.3 million). ](/news/2015/12/28/japan-and-south-korea-agree-to-irreversibly-resolve-a-long-running-dispute-over-korean-women-the-japanese-military-used-as-sex-slaves-duri.md) _Context: Japan, World War II_
5. [Russian Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu announces Russia plans to build a new military base on the Kuril Islands, a group of Pacific islands it seized from Japan at the end of World War II. ](/news/2015/10/22/russian-defence-minister-sergei-shoigu-announces-russia-plans-to-build-a-new-military-base-on-the-kuril-islands-a-group-of-pacific-islands.md) _Context: Japan, World War II_
6. [Japan commemorates the 70th anniversary of the atomic bomb dropped over the Japanese city of Nagasaki during World War II. ](/news/2015/08/9/japan-commemorates-the-70th-anniversary-of-the-atomic-bomb-dropped-over-the-japanese-city-of-nagasaki-during-world-war-ii.md) _Context: Japan, World War II_
7. [A South Korean man is seriously injured after self-immolation during a protest against Japan's use of South Korean women as sex slaves during World War II. ](/news/2015/08/12/a-south-korean-man-is-seriously-injured-after-self-immolation-during-a-protest-against-japan-s-use-of-south-korean-women-as-sex-slaves-durin.md) _Context: Japan, World War II_
8. [Japan's lower house of parliament passes a pair of bills changing the country's security laws, allowing Japanese soldiers to fight overseas for the first time since the end of World War II under certain conditions, over strong protests from opposition lawmakers, who walked out of the vote.](/news/2015/07/16/japan-s-lower-house-of-parliament-passes-a-pair-of-bills-changing-the-country-s-security-laws-allowing-japanese-soldiers-to-fight-overseas.md) _Context: Japan, World War II_
9. [The United States Congress negotiates a deal to fast track the Trans-Pacific Partnership between the US and Australia, Brunei, Canada, Chile, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru, Singapore and Vietnam. ](/news/2015/04/16/the-united-states-congress-negotiates-a-deal-to-fast-track-the-trans-pacific-partnership-between-the-us-and-australia-brunei-canada-chile.md) _Context: Australia, Japan_
10. [Two Japanese cabinet ministers Keiji Furuya and Yoshitaka Shindo visit the Yasukuni Shrine to mark the 69th anniversary of Japan's surrender at the end of World War II. This visit upsets China and South Korea as the shrine contains the graves of war criminals. ](/news/2014/08/15/two-japanese-cabinet-ministers-keiji-furuya-and-yoshitaka-shindo-visit-the-yasukuni-shrine-to-mark-the-69th-anniversary-of-japan-s-surrender.md) _Context: Japan, World War II_
