### [2010-01-10](/news/2010/01/10/index.md)

# Sheikh Issa bin Zayed Al Nahyan, brother of the leader of the United Arab Emirates, Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan, is acquitted of beating a former business partner in a videotaped attack. 

A brother of the president of the United Arab Emirates filmed beating up a former business partner and running him over in a Mercedes SUV has been acquitted of assaulting him.


### Source:

1. [Al-Bawaba](http://www.albawaba.com/en/news/259121)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSTRE60911O20100110)
3. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/middleeast/unitedarabemirates/6962779/UAE-presidents-brother-acquitted-of-attack-on-businessman.html)

### Related:

1. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
2. [Citing a drop in demand, the Dubai-based, United Arab Emirates-owned airline Emirates Air announces a cut in flights to five of its 12 U.S. destinations.  The airline's Dubai hub, third-busiest in the world, is a major stop for travelers in countries affected by President Donald Trump's travel ban, and is also one of several Middle East airports affected by a U.S. ban on tablets, laptops, and similar devices in the passenger cabin. ](/news/2017/04/19/citing-a-drop-in-demand-the-dubai-based-united-arab-emirates-owned-airline-emirates-air-announces-a-cut-in-flights-to-five-of-its-12-u-s.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
3. [The Somali pirates that hijacked the ''Aris 13'', a United Arab Emirates-owned oil tanker, release it without condition. ](/news/2017/03/16/the-somali-pirates-that-hijacked-the-aris-13-a-united-arab-emirates-owned-oil-tanker-release-it-without-condition.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
4. [Off the northern coast of Somalia, Somali pirates hijack the ''Aris 13'', a United Arab Emirates-owned oil tanker, kidnapping eight Sri Lankan crew members. This is the first hijacking of a large commercial vessel in five years. ](/news/2017/03/14/off-the-northern-coast-of-somalia-somali-pirates-hijack-the-aris-13-a-united-arab-emirates-owned-oil-tanker-kidnapping-eight-sri-lank.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
5. [The United Arab Emirates announces at the World Government Summit that its planned passenger drone will begin operations in July. ](/news/2017/02/14/the-united-arab-emirates-announces-at-the-world-government-summit-that-its-planned-passenger-drone-will-begin-operations-in-july.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
6. [At least 11 people are killed in a bombing in Kandahar, including five UAE diplomats. ](/news/2017/01/11/at-least-11-people-are-killed-in-a-bombing-in-kandahar-including-five-uae-diplomats.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
7. [The Obama administration transfers 15 Guantanamo Bay detainees to the United Arab Emirates. ](/news/2016/08/15/the-obama-administration-transfers-15-guantanamo-bay-detainees-to-the-united-arab-emirates.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
8. [The United Arab Emirates and Bahrain issue a travel warning for their citizens heading to American cities where protests are occuring following ethnic tensions in the country. This comes after The Bahamas issued its own travel warning yesterday, after the shooting of Dallas police officers. ](/news/2016/07/10/the-united-arab-emirates-and-bahrain-issue-a-travel-warning-for-their-citizens-heading-to-american-cities-where-protests-are-occuring-follow.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
9. [Solar Impulse 2, a plane powered only by the sun, takes off from Kalaeloa, Hawaii, USA, on the ninth leg of its around-the-world journey. This portion of the trip will cover 2,542 nautical miles and, in about three days, is scheduled to touch down in Mountain View, California. The journey originated in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates, on March 9, 2015, and, after another 8,130 nmi, will complete the circle when it lands in Abu Dhabi. ](/news/2016/04/21/solar-impulse-2-a-plane-powered-only-by-the-sun-takes-off-from-kalaeloa-hawaii-usa-on-the-ninth-leg-of-its-around-the-world-journey-th.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
10. [Developers announce their intention to build a new tower in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, to surpass the Burj Khalifa as the tallest structure in the world. The project is expected to be roughly $1bn (PS710m) and scheduled to be completed for the Dubai Expo trade fair in 2020. ](/news/2016/04/10/developers-announce-their-intention-to-build-a-new-tower-in-dubai-united-arab-emirates-to-surpass-the-burj-khalifa-as-the-tallest-structur.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
