### [2009-09-20](/news/2009/09/20/index.md)

#  Democratic Republic of Congo transfers Grgoire Ndahimana to the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda (ICTR) to stand trial for the massacre of at least 2,000 Rwandan Tutsis during the 1994 genocide. 

Democratic Republic of Congo transferred to the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda (ICTR) Sunday a man accused of the massacre of at least 2,000 Rwandan Tutsis during the 1994 genocide.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/idUKTRE58J1E520090920)

### Related:

1. [Former Rwandan administrator Dominique Ntawukulilyayo is given a 25-year sentence of imprisonment by the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda after being convicted of the transportation of soldiers during the Rwandan Genocide. ](/news/2010/08/3/former-rwandan-administrator-dominique-ntawukulilyayo-is-given-a-25-year-sentence-of-imprisonment-by-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, Rwanda, Rwandan Genocide_
2. [ The International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda finds Thoneste Bagosora guilty of genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes and sentences him to life imprisonment. ](/news/2008/12/18/the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-rwanda-finds-theoneste-bagosora-guilty-of-genocide-crimes-against-humanity-and-war-crimes-and-sent.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, Rwanda, Rwandan Genocide_
3. [ Rwandan President Paul Kagame denies previous reports that quoted him as saying Rwanda would invade the Democratic Republic of Congo to deal with Hutu rebel groups responsible for the Rwandan genocide. ](/news/2006/11/13/rwandan-president-paul-kagame-denies-previous-reports-that-quoted-him-as-saying-rwanda-would-invade-the-democratic-republic-of-congo-to-dea.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo, Rwanda, Rwandan Genocide_
4. [ Rwandan official Aloys Mutabingwa, a representative at the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, says that 100 Rwandans connected to the Rwandan genocide are "comfortably living in France". ](/news/2005/04/5/rwandan-official-aloys-mutabingwa-a-representative-at-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-rwanda-says-that-100-rwandans-connected-to.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, Rwanda, Rwandan Genocide_
5. [A French court sentences two former Rwandan mayors of the town of Kabarondo to life in prison on charges of crimes against humanity and genocide committed during the Rwandan Genocide in 1994. During the genocide, Hutu extremists massacred over 2,000 Tutsi who sought refuge in the town. ](/news/2016/07/7/a-french-court-sentences-two-former-rwandan-mayors-of-the-town-of-kabarondo-to-life-in-prison-on-charges-of-crimes-against-humanity-and-geno.md) _Context: Rwanda, Rwandan Genocide_
6. [ Rwandan genocide. A Swedish court sentences Claver Berinkindi, a 61-year-old Swedish citizen originally from Rwanda, to life in prison for participation in the Rwandan genocide in 1994. ](/news/2016/05/16/rwandan-genocide-a-swedish-court-sentences-claver-berinkindi-a-61-year-old-swedish-citizen-originally-from-rwanda-to-life-in-prison-for.md) _Context: Rwanda, Rwandan Genocide_
7. [Authorities in Rwanda jail former politician Leon Mugesera for life. Mugesera was known for describing Tutsis as "cockroaches" and called for their extermination in a speech in 1992 and is said to be a precursor to the Rwandan genocide. ](/news/2016/04/15/authorities-in-rwanda-jail-former-politician-la-c-on-mugesera-for-life-mugesera-was-known-for-describing-tutsis-as-cockroaches-and-called-f.md) _Context: Rwanda, Rwandan Genocide_
8. [Former Rwandan minister Augustin Ngirabatware is sentenced to 35 years imprisonment for his role during the 1994 Rwandan Genocide. ](/news/2012/12/20/former-rwandan-minister-augustin-ngirabatware-is-sentenced-to-35-years-imprisonment-for-his-role-during-the-1994-rwandan-genocide.md) _Context: Rwanda, Rwandan Genocide_
9. [Nestor Louis Michel calls Rwandan President Paul Kagame a "great leader" ("groot leider"). Kagame has been accused of war crimes during Rwanda's invasion of the DR Congo in 1996, and of having led a subsequent proxy war against the DR Congo by arming the CNDP until January 20, 2009. Congo currently accuses Rwandan defence officials of supporting a new destabilisation of East Congo. Louis Michel urges the international community for "more time" to "objectivate the facts first" before taking any action. ](/news/2012/09/9/nestor-louis-michel-calls-rwandan-president-paul-kagame-a-great-leader-groot-leider-kagame-has-been-accused-of-war-crimes-during-rwan.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo, Rwanda_
10. [Rwanda's "gacaca courts", set up to try those responsible for playing a role in the 1994 Rwandan Genocide, finish their work. ](/news/2012/06/18/rwanda-s-gacaca-courts-set-up-to-try-those-responsible-for-playing-a-role-in-the-1994-rwandan-genocide-finish-their-work.md) _Context: Rwanda, Rwandan Genocide_
