### [2006-10-31](/news/2006/10/31/index.md)

#  Hassan Nasrallah, the Secretary-General of Hezbollah, says that it has started negotiating with Israel on prisoner exchange. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/L31463700.htm)

### Related:

1. [Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah confirms that the drone aircraft shot down over Israel's Negev Desert on 6 October belonged to the organization and was supplied by Iran. ](/news/2012/10/11/hezbollah-leader-hassan-nasrallah-confirms-that-the-drone-aircraft-shot-down-over-israel-s-negev-desert-on-6-october-belonged-to-the-organiz.md) _Context: Hassan Nasrallah, Hezbollah, Israel_
2. [Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah gives a press conference in which he states he has evidence that implicates Israel in the 2005 assassination of then Prime Minister of Lebanon Rafic Hariri, who was killed along with 22 others. ](/news/2010/08/9/hezbollah-leader-hassan-nasrallah-gives-a-press-conference-in-which-he-states-he-has-evidence-that-implicates-israel-in-the-2005-assassinati.md) _Context: Hassan Nasrallah, Hezbollah, Israel_
3. [Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah announces Monday as the day he will present evidence reputed to implicate Israel in the 2005 car bomb assassination of then Prime Minister of Lebanon Rafiq Hariri. ](/news/2010/08/7/hezbollah-leader-hassan-nasrallah-announces-monday-as-the-day-he-will-present-evidence-reputed-to-implicate-israel-in-the-2005-car-bomb-assa.md) _Context: Hassan Nasrallah, Hezbollah, Israel_
4. [Israel's Foreign Ministry alleges Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah's press conference yesterday, in which he stated he has evidence that implicates Israel in the 2005 assassination of former Prime Minister of Lebanon Rafic Hariri and 22 others, was full of "ridiculous lies". ](/news/2010/08/10/israel-s-foreign-ministry-alleges-hezbollah-leader-hassan-nasrallah-s-press-conference-yesterday-in-which-he-stated-he-has-evidence-that-im.md) _Context: Hassan Nasrallah, Hezbollah, Israel_
5. [Syrian President Bashar Assad hosts Hezbollah head Hassan Nasrallah and Iranian leader Ahmadinajad in Damascus where they condemn the United States and Israel ](/news/2010/02/26/syrian-president-bashar-assad-hosts-hezbollah-head-hassan-nasrallah-and-iranian-leader-ahmadinajad-in-damascus-where-they-condemn-the-united.md) _Context: Hassan Nasrallah, Hezbollah, Israel_
6. [March 2017 Israel-Syria incident: In response to several Israeli airstrikes against suspected Hezbollah-related targets inside Syria, Syrian president Bashar al-Assad has threatened wider war with the State of Israel, stating its intention to fire Scud missiles, and specifically target the Israeli city of Haifa. Israel responded by stating that any such actions by the Assad regime, or attacks on its aircraft, will cause Israel to "annihilate" Syrian air defense systems. ](/news/2017/03/25/march-2017-israel-syria-incident-in-response-to-several-israeli-airstrikes-against-suspected-hezbollah-related-targets-inside-syria-syri.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel_
7. [Israel-Iran proxy conflict: Allegedly Israeli fighter jets strike a suspected Hezbollah weapons convoy near Damascus, Syria. ](/news/2016/11/30/israel-iran-proxy-conflict-allegedly-israeli-fighter-jets-strike-a-suspected-hezbollah-weapons-convoy-near-damascus-syria.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel_
8. [Syrian Civil War: A missile-strike in Jaramana in southern Syria kills high-ranking Lebanese Hezbollah commander Samir Kuntar and eight National Defence Force (NDF) personnel. The responsibility for the incident taken by the Free Syrian Army, though Hezbollah alleges Israeli involvement. Kuntar was the longest serving Lebanese prisoner in Israel until his release in 2008. On April 22, 1979 Kuntar and his team broke into an apartment building and kidnapped a father, 31-year-old Danny Haran, and his 4-year-old daughter, Einat, taking them to a nearby beach and killing them. ](/news/2015/12/20/syrian-civil-war-a-missile-strike-in-jaramana-in-southern-syria-kills-high-ranking-lebanese-hezbollah-commander-samir-kuntar-and-eight-nati.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel_
9. [Israeli-Lebanese conflict: Israeli security forces claim that Hezbollah and forces loyal to the President of Syria Bashar al-Assad are responsible for firing rockets from Syrian territory onto the Golan Heights into the mount Hermon sky resort. ](/news/2015/01/27/israeli-lebanese-conflict-israeli-security-forces-claim-that-hezbollah-and-forces-loyal-to-the-president-of-syria-bashar-al-assad-are-res.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel_
10. [Syrian Civil War:: Hezbollah leader, Hassan Nasrallah, calls on other sectarian forces in the Arab world to withdraw from Syria, saying that if they did so, Hezbollah would also "not remain in Syria either." ](/news/2014/02/16/syrian-civil-war-hezbollah-leader-hassan-nasrallah-calls-on-other-sectarian-forces-in-the-arab-world-to-withdraw-from-syria-saying-that.md) _Context: Hassan Nasrallah, Hezbollah_
