### [2006-10-31](/news/2006/10/31/index.md)

#  The Lebanese army issued a statement saying its gunners fired anti-aircraft artillery at Israel Air Force warplanes as they flew over south Lebanon. 




### Source:

1. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/781888.html)

### Related:

1. [Following a January 18 airstrike against a Hezbollah convoy, Hezbollah targets an Israeli military convoy near the Lebanon border at the Shebaa farms area, killing two and wounding another seven. While the Israeli military responds with artillery fire upon several South Lebanon border villages and Shebaa Farms, Hezbollah responds with mortar shells. Cross fire fighting kills a Spanish UN peacekeeper in the town of Ghajar. ](/news/2015/01/28/following-a-january-18-airstrike-against-a-hezbollah-convoy-hezbollah-targets-an-israeli-military-convoy-near-the-lebanon-border-at-the-she.md) _Context: South Lebanon_
2. [Five people are injured on the Gaza Strip in an Israel Air Force raid following Palestinian militants firing a rocket towards Ashkelon. ](/news/2014/01/16/five-people-are-injured-on-the-gaza-strip-in-an-israel-air-force-raid-following-palestinian-militants-firing-a-rocket-towards-ashkelon.md) _Context: Israel Air Force_
3. [Palestinian militants fire a barrage of rockets into southern Israel following an Israel Air Force strike that killed two Islamic Jihad gunmen; IAF strikes at militant targets in Gaza have killed six Palestinians since yesterday. ](/news/2012/06/19/palestinian-militants-fire-a-barrage-of-rockets-into-southern-israel-following-an-israel-air-force-strike-that-killed-two-islamic-jihad-gunm.md) _Context: Israel Air Force_
4. [Following rocket attacks from the Gaza Strip on southern Israel, Israeli air force planes bomb Hamas and Islamic Jihad targets in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2011/03/6/following-rocket-attacks-from-the-gaza-strip-on-southern-israel-israeli-air-force-planes-bomb-hamas-and-islamic-jihad-targets-in-the-gaza-s.md) _Context: Israel Air Force_
5. [In response to the firing of a Kassam rocket from the Gaza Strip into southern Israel, Israel planes bomb three targets, including two refugee camps and a weapons factory in the Gaza Strip, injuring two people. ](/news/2011/01/3/in-response-to-the-firing-of-a-kassam-rocket-from-the-gaza-strip-into-southern-israel-israel-planes-bomb-three-targets-including-two-refug.md) _Context: Israel Air Force_
6. [The Palestinian militant group "Army of Islam" fires rockets from Gaza into southern Israel in response to the killing of three of its members by Israel last month, with one rocket landing close to a kindergarten near Ashkelon, injuring a 14-year-old girl; Israeli jets respond with air strikes in the Gaza Strip, injuring at least two Palestinian militants, Palestinian sources say. ](/news/2010/12/21/the-palestinian-militant-group-army-of-islam-fires-rockets-from-gaza-into-southern-israel-in-response-to-the-killing-of-three-of-its-membe.md) _Context: Israel Air Force_
7. [In response to militants firing rockets into southern Israel, the Israel Air Force launches two raids on the southern Gaza Strip; one Palestinian is wounded. ](/news/2010/11/6/in-response-to-militants-firing-rockets-into-southern-israel-the-israel-air-force-launches-two-raids-on-the-southern-gaza-strip-one-palest.md) _Context: Israel Air Force_
8. [Responding to Palestinians firing phosphorus shells and mortars into Israel, the Israel Air Force bombs at least two targets in the Gaza Strip and will file a complaint with the UN. The Salah al-Din Brigades claim responsibility, saying the rockets were responding to the killing of two members of the al-Qaida affiliated Army of Islam in Gaza. ](/news/2010/11/19/responding-to-palestinians-firing-phosphorus-shells-and-mortars-into-israel-the-israel-air-force-bombs-at-least-two-targets-in-the-gaza-str.md) _Context: Israel Air Force_
9. [Following the detonation of explosive devices near the Gaza border, Israel Air Force helicopters targeted an area near the city of Khan Yunis, causing damage to houses and injuring a number militants suspected of involvement in the attack. ](/news/2010/11/11/following-the-detonation-of-explosive-devices-near-the-gaza-border-israel-air-force-helicopters-targeted-an-area-near-the-city-of-khan-yuni.md) _Context: Israel Air Force_
10. [In response to a rocket attack on southern Israel, Israeli airforce jets strike several targets in Gaza overnight, including Yasser Arafat International Airport, a weapons manufacturing facility and an infiltration tunnel into Israel. ](/news/2010/07/1/in-response-to-a-rocket-attack-on-southern-israel-israeli-airforce-jets-strike-several-targets-in-gaza-overnight-including-yasser-arafat-i.md) _Context: Israel Air Force_
