### [2006-10-31](/news/2006/10/31/index.md)

#  The Prince of Wales's controversial visit today to a madrassa in the Pakistani town of Peshawar, bordering Afghanistan has been cancelled over fears for his safety, after calls by Islamic leaders for revenge for a Pakistani airstrike that destroyed another religious school about 60 miles away. 

News and opinion from The Times &amp; The Sunday Times


### Source:

1. [The Times](http://www.timesonline.co.uk/article/0,,3-2429520,00.html)

### Related:

1. [At least 17 people are injured in Peshawar, Pakistan, and five people are hurt in Afghanistan's Nangarhar Province after a 6.3-magnitude earthquake hit near the Afghanistan-Tajikistan border. The epicenter is in Afghanistan's quake-prone Ishkashim district, a mountainous area where mainly impoverished farmers live in homes made with mud, according to Peshawar District Officer Muhmand Asim Khan. Other details about damage or casualties are not presently available. ](/news/2015/12/25/at-least-17-people-are-injured-in-peshawar-pakistan-and-five-people-are-hurt-in-afghanistan-s-nangarhar-province-after-a-6-3-magnitude-ear.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Pakistan, Peshawar_
2. [ Chenagai airstrike: Pakistani helicopter gunships fired missiles and destroyed an al-Qaeda-linked training facility and killed 80 suspected terrorists in a northwestern tribal area near the Afghan border, in a madrassa near the town of Khar. ](/news/2006/10/30/chenagai-airstrike-pakistani-helicopter-gunships-fired-missiles-and-destroyed-an-al-qaeda-linked-training-facility-and-killed-80-suspected.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Pakistan, madrassa_
3. [United States troops get into a brief gun battle with paramilitary forces of the Warzirstan Scouts of Pakistan, in a remote tribal area along the undefined Afghan/Pakistani border, in Paktia Province, Afghanistan. One US soldier is wounded by gunfire, and several Pakistani soldiers are killed when US air support arrives. The border in this region is poorly demarcated.. Three missiles from US helicopter gunships strike a madrassa owned by former Taliban official Maulana Muhammad Hassan, according to the ANI news agency.](/news/2002/12/31/united-states-troops-get-into-a-brief-gun-battle-with-paramilitary-forces-of-the-warzirstan-scouts-of-pakistan-in-a-remote-tribal-area-alon.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Pakistan, madrassa_
4. [Gunmen raid a Pakistani military post near the border with Afghanistan, killing at least eight people. Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, a faction of Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan, claim responsibility. ](/news/2017/03/17/gunmen-raid-a-pakistani-military-post-near-the-border-with-afghanistan-killing-at-least-eight-people-jamaat-ul-ahrar-a-faction-of-tehrik.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Pakistan_
5. [An Afghan diplomat is shot dead at the Afghan consulate in Karachi, Pakistan. ](/news/2017/02/6/an-afghan-diplomat-is-shot-dead-at-the-afghan-consulate-in-karachi-pakistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Pakistan_
6. [Heavy snow and avalanches kill dozens of people in Afghanistan and northern Pakistan, while Kabul International Airport is closed due to snow and ice on the runway. ](/news/2017/02/5/heavy-snow-and-avalanches-kill-dozens-of-people-in-afghanistan-and-northern-pakistan-while-kabul-international-airport-is-closed-due-to-sno.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Pakistan_
7. [Two separate bombings take place in Pakistan, killing at least seven people. A suicide bomber kills five people at the administrative headquarters in the Mohmand Agency tribal district while the other kills two people at a hospital in Peshawar. Jamaat-ul-Ahrar claims responsibility for the first attack. ](/news/2017/02/15/two-separate-bombings-take-place-in-pakistan-killing-at-least-seven-people-a-suicide-bomber-kills-five-people-at-the-administrative-headqu.md) _Context: Pakistan, Peshawar_
8. [Members of the 19th South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) summit, scheduled to be held in Pakistan during November 2016, postpone the meeting following a Indian-led boycott, including Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Bhutan in response to Pakistan's alleged involvement in a deadly terrorist attack on a Indian Army base in Uri, Jammu and Kashmir, on September 18. ](/news/2016/09/28/members-of-the-19th-south-asian-association-for-regional-cooperation-saarc-summit-scheduled-to-be-held-in-pakistan-during-november-2016.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Pakistan_
9. [Afghan and Pakistani soldiers clash at the Torkham border crossing between the two countries, leaving one Afghan soldier and a Pakistani major killed. At least 22 other people were also injured. Tensions between Afghanistan and Pakistan have grown since the latter's attempts to build a gate at the crossing. ](/news/2016/06/14/afghan-and-pakistani-soldiers-clash-at-the-torkham-border-crossing-between-the-two-countries-leaving-one-afghan-soldier-and-a-pakistani-maj.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Pakistan_
10. [Twin bombings kill a police officer and wound nine people in Peshawar, Pakistan. ](/news/2016/05/18/twin-bombings-kill-a-police-officer-and-wound-nine-people-in-peshawar-pakistan.md) _Context: Pakistan, Peshawar_
