### [2016-07-9](/news/2016/07/9/index.md)

# A Russian Air Force Mi-24 helicopter crashes near Palmyra, Syria, while assisting Syrian Army forces in the area. Russia's Ministry of Defence confirms two Russian pilots, Riafa'at Habibulin and Yevgeny Dolgin, are killed. 

A Russian military helicopter has been shot down by Isis near Palmyra, Syria, killing both pilots. The men have been named as Ryafagat Khabibulin and Yevgeny Dolgin. The Mi-25 aircraft was reportedly conducting a test flight in the area when it received a request for assistance from the Syrian military, who were under attack from a group of Isis militants to the east of Palmyra.


### Source:

1. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/isis-shoots-down-russian-helicopter-near-palmyra-syria-a7128901.html)

### Related:

1. [Airstrikes by Syrian or Russian warplanes on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah in northern Syria, leaves at least 39 people dead, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. Airstrikes on the city of Palmyra and nearby villages are said to have killed at least 18 ISIL militants, as the Syrian Army advance on the city. ](/news/2016/03/19/airstrikes-by-syrian-or-russian-warplanes-on-isil-s-de-facto-capital-al-raqqah-in-northern-syria-leaves-at-least-39-people-dead-according.md) _Context: Palmyra, Russian, Syria, Syrian Army_
2. [Russia reinforces the joint Armenian-Russian run Erebuni Airport, home to the Russian 3624th Air Base, with six attack and transport helicopters. The Russian Defence Ministry said the Mi-24 and Mi-8 helicopters had been transferred from a military base in the southern Russian region of Krasnodar Krai to the air base in Erebuni, Armenia. ](/news/2015/12/21/russia-reinforces-the-joint-armenian-russian-run-erebuni-airport-home-to-the-russian-3624th-air-base-with-six-attack-and-transport-helicop.md) _Context: Mi-24, Ministry of Defence, Russia, Russian_
3. [The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-israeli-air-force-launches-several-airstrikes-on-targets-inside-syria-and-for-the-first-time-publicly-claims-responsibility-syrian-ai.md) _Context: Palmyra, Syria, Syrian Army_
4. [ISIL recaptures the Syrian city of Palmyra despite heavy Russian airstrikes, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and Palmyra Coordination Committee (PCC). ](/news/2016/12/11/isil-recaptures-the-syrian-city-of-palmyra-despite-heavy-russian-airstrikes-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-and-palmyr.md) _Context: Palmyra, Russian, Syria_
5. [Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu says Russia and Syria will open humanitarian corridors to Aleppo, and will provide a way for rebel fighters to lay down their arms. ](/news/2016/07/28/russian-defense-minister-sergei-shoigu-says-russia-and-syria-will-open-humanitarian-corridors-to-aleppo-and-will-provide-a-way-for-rebel-fi.md) _Context: Ministry of Defence, Russia, Syria_
6. [According to Russian ambassador to the United Nations Aleksi Borodavkin, the Syrian Army is preparing to launch an offensive against the ISIL strongholds of Al-Raqqah and the countryside around Deir ez-Zor and that the Russian Air Force will be providing the ground campaign with air support. ](/news/2016/04/29/according-to-russian-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-aleksi-borodavkin-the-syrian-army-is-preparing-to-launch-an-offensive-against-the-isi.md) _Context: Russia, Russian, Syrian Army_
7. [Syrian troops advance into Palmyra on multiple fronts with the help of Russian airstrikes and take several neighbourhoods, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. However they were unable to encircle the city. ](/news/2016/03/26/syrian-troops-advance-into-palmyra-on-multiple-fronts-with-the-help-of-russian-airstrikes-and-take-several-neighbourhoods-according-to-the.md) _Context: Palmyra, Russia, Syrian Army_
8. [For the first time, Russia strikes Islamic State targets in northern Syria with 3M-54 Klub (Kalibr) cruise missiles launched from a Kilo-class submarine in the Mediterranean, according to the Russian Minister of Defence, Sergey Shoygu. ](/news/2015/12/8/for-the-first-time-russia-strikes-islamic-state-targets-in-northern-syria-with-3m-54-klub-kalibr-cruise-missiles-launched-from-a-kilo-cla.md) _Context: Ministry of Defence, Russia, Syria_
9. [Syria's government says a U.S.-led military coalition airstrike on a Syrian Army camp in the eastern Deir ez-Zor Governorate, killed three Syrian soldiers and wounded 13 others. A senior U.S. military official denied responsibility for the airstrike and said that the U.S. is certain it was a Russian airstrike. ](/news/2015/12/7/syria-s-government-says-a-u-s-led-military-coalition-airstrike-on-a-syrian-army-camp-in-the-eastern-deir-ez-zor-governorate-killed-three-s.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Army_
10. [Turkish F-16 fighter jets shoot down a Russian Sukhoi Su-24 aircraft that had allegedly infringed its airspace near the Syrian border. Russia's Ministry of Defence denies the Su-24 entered Turkish airspace and initially said it was shot down by ground fire over Syria's Latakia Governorate. A video emerged of one pilot killed as local rebel Turkmen fighters shot at him while he was parachuting and a video of his body, while the fate of the other pilot is unknown but is presumed dead. A combat search and rescue mission by Russian forces failed to reach them. It is the first time a NATO member has shot down a Russian plane since the 1950s. ](/news/2015/11/24/turkish-f-16-fighter-jets-shoot-down-a-russian-sukhoi-su-24-aircraft-that-had-allegedly-infringed-its-airspace-near-the-syrian-border-russi.md) _Context: Ministry of Defence, Russia, Syria_
