### [2016-07-9](/news/2016/07/9/index.md)

# Bahamian-United States relations. 2016 shooting of Dallas police officers. Following the death of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile and the shooting of white police officers in Dallas, Texas, The Bahamas issues a rare travel warning for its citizens traveling to the United States. 

The Bahamas issues a rare travel advisory for its citizens visiting the US, recommending particular care for young men in cities affected by tensions over police shootings.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-latin-america-36755182)

### Related:

1. [2016 shooting of Dallas police officers. Eleven police officers are shot, with five dying of gunshot wounds in Dallas, Texas during a protest against two black men killed within a day of each other. Police kill the shooter with a bomb delivered on a bomb defusing robot. ](/news/2016/07/7/2016-shooting-of-dallas-police-officers-eleven-police-officers-are-shot-with-five-dying-of-gunshot-wounds-in-dallas-texas-during-a-protes.md) _Context: Dallas, Texas, the shooting of Dallas police officers_
2. [Shooting of Alton Sterling and Shooting of Philando Castile. Protests continue in multiple cities across the United States following the death of two black men by police. Numerous confrontations and arrests have been reported. ](/news/2016/07/10/shooting-of-alton-sterling-and-shooting-of-philando-castile-protests-continue-in-multiple-cities-across-the-united-states-following-the-dea.md) _Context: Shooting of Alton Sterling, Shooting of Philando Castile, United States_
3. [Foreign relations of the United States. The United Arab Emirates and Bahrain issue a travel warning for their citizens heading to American cities where protests are occuring following ethnic tensions in the country. This comes after The Bahamas issued its own travel warning yesterday, after the shooting of Dallas police officers. ](/news/2016/07/10/foreign-relations-of-the-united-states-the-united-arab-emirates-and-bahrain-issue-a-travel-warning-for-their-citizens-heading-to-american-c.md) _Context: United States, the Bahamas, the shooting of Dallas police officers_
4. [Ebola virus disease in the United States. The first person who was diagnosed with ebola in the United States, Thomas Eric Duncan, a Liberian man, dies in Dallas, Texas. ](/news/2014/10/8/ebola-virus-disease-in-the-united-states-the-first-person-who-was-diagnosed-with-ebola-in-the-united-states-thomas-eric-duncan-a-liberian.md) _Context: Dallas, Texas, United States_
5. [The United States commemorates the 50th anniversary of the day when John F. Kennedy was assassinated in Dallas, Texas. ](/news/2013/11/22/the-united-states-commemorates-the-50th-anniversary-of-the-day-when-john-f-kennedy-was-assassinated-in-dallas-texas.md) _Context: Dallas, Texas, United States_
6. [Economy of the United States. Robert Kaplan, head of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas, says that low bond yields suggest sluggish growth ahead for the economy of the United States. ](/news/2017/06/20/economy-of-the-united-states-robert-kaplan-head-of-the-federal-reserve-bank-of-dallas-says-that-low-bond-yields-suggest-sluggish-growth-a.md) _Context: Dallas, United States_
7. [List of offenders executed in the United States in 2017. Arkansas becomes the first U.S. state since Texas in 2000 to hold two executions on the same day as executes convicted murderers Jack Jones, Jr. and Marcel Williams. ](/news/2017/04/24/list-of-offenders-executed-in-the-united-states-in-2017-arkansas-becomes-the-first-u-s-state-since-texas-in-2000-to-hold-two-executions-on.md) _Context: Texas, United States_
8. [A head on crash between a pickup truck and a church bus outside Garner State Park in the American state of Texas kills at least 12 people and injures 3 others. ](/news/2017/03/29/a-head-on-crash-between-a-pickup-truck-and-a-church-bus-outside-garner-state-park-in-the-american-state-of-texas-kills-at-least-12-people-an.md) _Context: Texas, United States_
9. [2015-16 Zika virus epidemic. Texas confirms its first case of locally transmitted Zika virus by mosquitoes, becoming the second U.S. state to report a local transmission of the virus after Florida. The Texas Department of State Health Services says the case involves a woman living in Cameron County, who is not pregnant. ](/news/2016/11/28/2015-16-zika-virus-epidemic-texas-confirms-its-first-case-of-locally-transmitted-zika-virus-by-mosquitoes-becoming-the-second-u-s-state.md) _Context: Texas, United States_
10. [2016 shooting of Dallas police officers. Multiple gunshots strike the public safety headquarters of the San Antonio, Texas, Police Department. No injuries are reported. ](/news/2016/07/9/2016-shooting-of-dallas-police-officers-multiple-gunshots-strike-the-public-safety-headquarters-of-the-san-antonio-texas-police-departmen.md) _Context: Texas, the shooting of Dallas police officers_
