### [2013-04-7](/news/2013/04/7/index.md)

# Hundreds of delegates meet in Doha, Qatar, to raise funds to rebuild the Sudanese region of Darfur, that has been racked by conflict. 




### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/video/africa/2013/04/20134732514850321.html)

### Related:

1. [An abducted Hungarian civilian, who worked for the UN-African Union peacekeeping mission in Sudan's Darfur region, is released. ](/news/2011/01/6/an-abducted-hungarian-civilian-who-worked-for-the-un-african-union-peacekeeping-mission-in-sudan-s-darfur-region-is-released.md) _Context: Darfur, Sudan, conflict_
2. [Darfur's rebel Justice and Equality Movement says it is ready to start discussions with international mediators in Qatar, but was not yet prepared to re-join full peace negotiations, saying Sudan's government had broken a ceasefire ](/news/2010/10/24/darfur-s-rebel-justice-and-equality-movement-says-it-is-ready-to-start-discussions-with-international-mediators-in-qatar-but-was-not-yet-pr.md) _Context: Darfur, Qatar, Sudan_
3. [ Prosecutors at the International Criminal Court challenge a tribunal's decision not to indict Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir on charges of genocide in Darfur. ](/news/2009/07/7/prosecutors-at-the-international-criminal-court-challenge-a-tribunal-s-decision-not-to-indict-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-on-charges.md) _Context: Darfur, Sudan, conflict_
4. [ The International Criminal Court issues an arrest warrant for Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir for a five-year campaign of violence in Darfur. ](/news/2009/03/4/the-international-criminal-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-for-a-five-year-campaign-of-violence-in-dar.md) _Context: Darfur, Sudan, conflict_
5. [ Italy's Ministry of Foreign Affairs reports that three Doctors Without Borders volunteers kidnapped in Darfur, Sudan, have been freed.  ](/news/2009/03/13/italy-s-ministry-of-foreign-affairs-reports-that-three-doctors-without-borders-volunteers-kidnapped-in-darfur-sudan-have-been-freed.md) _Context: Darfur, Sudan, conflict_
6. [Amnesty International say dozens of children in Darfur are among more than 200 people estimated to have been killed by Sudan government chemical weapons since January. ](/news/2016/09/28/amnesty-international-say-dozens-of-children-in-darfur-are-among-more-than-200-people-estimated-to-have-been-killed-by-sudan-government-chem.md) _Context: Darfur, Sudan_
7. [According to the Sudanese electoral commission, more than 97% of voters in Darfur choose to remain as five states rather than form a single region. However, The vote was held amid ongoing insecurity and many of Sudan's 2.5 million displaced people were not registered to vote, with the U.S. State Department warning that the referendum could not be considered credible "under current rules and conditions". ](/news/2016/04/23/according-to-the-sudanese-electoral-commission-more-than-97-of-voters-in-darfur-choose-to-remain-as-five-states-rather-than-form-a-single.md) _Context: Darfur, Sudan_
8. [The meeting in Doha, Qatar, of the world's top oil producers, from both OPEC and non-OPEC countries, fails to agree on an output freeze. Oil analysts say  the failure was due to Iran's non-participation, and Saudi Arabia linking its cooperation  to Iran's inclusion. Oil prices drop in early Asian trading and on the New York Mercantile Exchange. ](/news/2016/04/18/the-meeting-in-doha-qatar-of-the-world-s-top-oil-producers-from-both-opec-and-non-opec-countries-fails-to-agree-on-an-output-freeze-oil.md) _Context: Doha, Qatar_
9. [Members of OPEC meet in Doha, Qatar, amid uncertainty in the markets and the outcome of the meeting. Since 2014, the price of oil has dropped dramatically. Analysts hope that an agreement to freeze output will reassure global energy markets that the recent recovery in prices is sustainable. ](/news/2016/04/17/members-of-opec-meet-in-doha-qatar-amid-uncertainty-in-the-markets-and-the-outcome-of-the-meeting-since-2014-the-price-of-oil-has-droppe.md) _Context: Doha, Qatar_
10. [Voting for a referendum begins in Darfur, Sudan. Voters will be asked during the three-day referendum to decide on the permanent administrative status of the region. The choices are for the creation of a Darfur Region composed of the States of Darfur, or the retention of the status quo states system. Darfur is currently divided into five states. Voters will decide this week whether the area should go back to being one region, as it was until 1994. However, there are fears of voter apathy and if the referendum will be credible. ](/news/2016/04/11/voting-for-a-referendum-begins-in-darfur-sudan-voters-will-be-asked-during-the-three-day-referendum-to-decide-on-the-permanent-administrat.md) _Context: Darfur, Sudan_
