### [2005-09-23](/news/2005/09/23/index.md)

#  German election 2005: After talks between CDU/CSU and Alliance 90/The Greens, a "Jamaica coalition" between conservatives, liberals and greens is ruled out.




### Related:

1. [ Federal elections are held in Germany. Provisional results give the CDU/CSU 35.2% of the vote and 225 seats, the SPD 34.3% and 222 seats, FDP 9.8% and 61 seats, the Left Party 8.7% and 54 seats, and the Green party 8.1% and 51 seats. There is likely to be several weeks of horse trading to form a workable coalition. ](/news/2005/09/18/federal-elections-are-held-in-germany-provisional-results-give-the-cdu-csu-35-2-of-the-vote-and-225-seats-the-spd-34-3-and-222-seats-f.md) _Context: CSU, Christian Democratic Union, German federal election, 2005, Greens_
2. [Voters in Schleswig-Holstein go to the polls for a state election with the governing coalition of CDU and FDP losing their majority, paving the way for a coalition between SPD, The Greens and the Danish minority's SSW. ](/news/2012/05/6/voters-in-schleswig-holstein-go-to-the-polls-for-a-state-election-with-the-governing-coalition-of-cdu-and-fdp-losing-their-majority-paving.md) _Context: Christian Democratic Union, Greens_
3. [ After two months of negotiations, Angela Merkel is elected the first female Chancellor of Germany by a coalition of the CDU/CSU and SPD delegates in the Bundestag. ](/news/2005/11/22/after-two-months-of-negotiations-angela-merkel-is-elected-the-first-female-chancellor-of-germany-by-a-coalition-of-the-cdu-csu-and-spd-del.md) _Context: CSU, Christian Democratic Union_
4. [ Germany: Conferences of the CDU, CSU and SPD approve a coalition deal that will see Angela Merkel become Chancellor on November 22. ](/news/2005/11/14/germany-conferences-of-the-cdu-csu-and-spd-approve-a-coalition-deal-that-will-see-angela-merkel-become-chancellor-on-november-22.md) _Context: CSU, Christian Democratic Union_
5. [ The German political party Alliance '90/The Greens opens a Wiki that allows all users to contribute to the party's manifesto for the German federal election, 2005 ](/news/2005/06/3/the-german-political-party-alliance-90-the-greens-opens-a-wiki-that-allows-all-users-to-contribute-to-the-party-s-manifesto-for-the-german.md) _Context: German federal election, 2005, Greens_
6. [ Angela Merkel is elected by the CDU/CSU as candidate to become Chancellor of Germany in the upcoming German federal election, 2005. ](/news/2005/05/30/angela-merkel-is-elected-by-the-cdu-csu-as-candidate-to-become-chancellor-of-germany-in-the-upcoming-german-federal-election-2005.md) _Context: Christian Democratic Union, German federal election, 2005_
7. [ German Chancellor Goo Schrder has declared that he will seek the next German federal election to be held this autumn, a year earlier than set out by the constitution, after the CDU and FDP defeated the Social Democrats (SPD), who were in coalition with the Greens, at the regional election in North Rhine-Westphalia. ](/news/2005/05/22/german-chancellor-goo-schroder-has-declared-that-he-will-seek-the-next-german-federal-election-to-be-held-this-autumn-a-year-earlier-than.md) _Context: Christian Democratic Union, German federal election, 2005_
8. [Voters in Germany go to the polls for a federal election, with Chancellor Angela Merkel's Christian Democratic Union achieving its highest vote since 1990. ](/news/2013/09/22/voters-in-germany-go-to-the-polls-for-a-federal-election-with-chancellor-angela-merkel-s-christian-democratic-union-achieving-its-highest-v.md) _Context: Christian Democratic Union_
9. [Voters in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia head to the polls for an election, with the Social Democratic Party of Germany winning the most votes, allowing it to continue in government with the support of the Greens. ](/news/2012/05/13/voters-in-the-german-state-of-north-rhine-westphalia-head-to-the-polls-for-an-election-with-the-social-democratic-party-of-germany-winning.md) _Context: Greens_
10. [Voters in the German state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern go to the polls for a state election with the Social Democrats and Greens performing well and the Christian Democrats and Free Democrats performing poorly. ](/news/2011/09/4/voters-in-the-german-state-of-mecklenburg-vorpommern-go-to-the-polls-for-a-state-election-with-the-social-democrats-and-greens-performing-we.md) _Context: Greens_
