### [2008-10-6](/news/2008/10/6/index.md)

#  2008 Russian financial crisis: Trading is suspended on Russia's leading stock exchanges after shares plunged nearly 20 percent amid a backdrop of falling oil prices and fears over the global economy. 




### Source:

1. [International Herald Tribune](http://www.iht.com/articles/ap/2008/10/06/business/EU-Russia-Markets.php)
2. [MarketWatch](http://www.marketwatch.com/news/story/russian-stocks-plunge-20-trading/story.aspx?guid=%7B77B15963%2DE05A%2D48B7%2D8C34%2D9EC224B1C774%7D)

### Related:

1. [ 2008 Russian financial crisis: Standard & Poor's becomes the first credit rating agency to downgrade Russia since 1999, while data showed that the Central Bank spent US$30 billion in currency market interventions in November 2008. ](/news/2008/12/8/2008-russian-financial-crisis-p-standard-poor-s-becomes-the-first-credit-rating-agency-to-downgrade-russia-since-1999-while-data-showed.md) _Context: 2008 Russian financial crisis, Russia_
2. [ 2008 Russian financial crisis: Russian Internal Troops quell a protest in Vladivostok over higher tariffs on imported used automobiles. ](/news/2008/12/21/2008-russian-financial-crisis-russian-internal-troops-quell-a-protest-in-vladivostok-over-higher-tariffs-on-imported-used-automobiles.md) _Context: 2008 Russian financial crisis, Russia_
3. [ 2008 Russian financial crisis: Russian Deputy Economics Minister Andrei Klepach claims that Russia may face at least two quarters of economic decline in the future. ](/news/2008/12/12/2008-russian-financial-crisis-russian-deputy-economics-minister-andrei-klepach-claims-that-russia-may-face-at-least-two-quarters-of-econom.md) _Context: 2008 Russian financial crisis, Russia_
4. [ Global and Russian financial crises: Construction of several skyscraper buildings in Russia (Norman Foster's Russia Tower, Gazprom's Okhta Center) are canceled due to lack of credit available during the global financial crisis.  ](/news/2008/11/21/global-and-russian-financial-crises-p-construction-of-several-skyscraper-buildings-in-russia-norman-foster-s-russia-tower-gazprom-s-okhta.md) _Context: 2008 Russian financial crisis, Russia_
5. [ 2008 Russian financial crisis: Russia's two main stock exchanges are suspended for one hour after the market opened with a more than 10% decline in response to trends on global markets and falling oil prices. ](/news/2008/11/12/2008-russian-financial-crisis-p-russia-s-two-main-stock-exchanges-are-suspended-for-one-hour-after-the-market-opened-with-a-more-than-10-d.md) _Context: 2008 Russian financial crisis, Russia_
6. [ 2008 Russian financial crisis: Russian regulators halt trading on one of the country's two main stock indexes, the MICEX, after it fell 6.5%, dragged down by commodity and banking shares. ](/news/2008/11/11/2008-russian-financial-crisis-p-russian-regulators-halt-trading-on-one-of-the-country-s-two-main-stock-indexes-the-micex-after-it-fell-6.md) _Context: 2008 Russian financial crisis, Russia_
7. [ 2008 Russian financial crisis: Both of Russia's main stock exchanges, the MICEX and RTS, suspend trading of stocks "for technical reasons" as the markets rally after a 1-1/2 day trading halt that ended earlier in the morning. ](/news/2008/10/3/2008-russian-financial-crisis-p-both-of-russia-s-main-stock-exchanges-the-micex-and-rts-suspend-trading-of-stocks-for-technical-reasons.md) _Context: 2008 Russian financial crisis, Russia_
8. [ 2008 Russian financial crisis: Trading is suspended for the third day in succession on Russia's two main stock exchanges, the MICEX and the dollar-denominated RTS, amidst fear of financial collapse. News agencies are quoting Russia's Finance Minister, Alexei Kudrin, as saying trading on Russian exchanges won't resume until September 19. ](/news/2008/09/18/2008-russian-financial-crisis-p-trading-is-suspended-for-the-third-day-in-succession-on-russia-s-two-main-stock-exchanges-the-micex-and-th.md) _Context: 2008 Russian financial crisis, Russia_
9. [ 2008 Russian financial crisis: Trading is suspended for the second day in succession on Russia's two main stock exchanges (the MICEX and the dollar-denominated RTS) after shares fall dramatically, forcing the central bank in Moscow to intervene. ](/news/2008/09/17/2008-russian-financial-crisis-p-trading-is-suspended-for-the-second-day-in-succession-on-russia-s-two-main-stock-exchanges-the-micex-and-t.md) _Context: 2008 Russian financial crisis, Russia_
10. [ 2008 Russian financial crisis: Russia's most liquid stock exchange MICEX and the dollar-denominated RTS suspend trade for one hour after the worst one-day fall in ten years as Finance Minister Alexei Kudrin reassured markets there was no "systemic" crisis. ](/news/2008/09/16/2008-russian-financial-crisis-p-russia-s-most-liquid-stock-exchange-micex-and-the-dollar-denominated-rts-suspend-trade-for-one-hour-after-t.md) _Context: 2008 Russian financial crisis, Russia_
