### [2016-06-1](/news/2016/06/1/index.md)

# A gas explosion at a subway construction site near the South Korean capital Seoul kills four workers and injures ten more. 

 Four workers were killed and 10 others were injured Wednesday, when a subway construction site near Seoul collapsed due to what is believed to be a gas explosion, police said. The accident, which occurred in the city of Namyangju, east of Seoul, around 7:30 a.m., took place when a total of 17 workers were on duty. One of the victims died after being thrown by the explosion. The three others were found dead under the collapsed construction site, firefighters said.


### Source:

1. [Yonhap](http://english.yonhapnews.co.kr/news/2016/06/01/0200000000AEN20160601002452315.html)

### Related:

1. [2016 South Korean protests: Tens of thousands protest in the South Korean capital, Seoul, calling for the resignation of President Park Geun-hye over her links with Choi Soon-sil, who was arrested on November 3, and charged with fraud and abuse of power. ](/news/2016/11/5/2016-south-korean-protests-tens-of-thousands-protest-in-the-south-korean-capital-seoul-calling-for-the-resignation-of-president-park-geun.md) _Context: Seoul, South Korea_
2. [2016 South Korean protests: As many as 1,000,000 people march on the presidential Blue House in Seoul, South Korea, calling for the resignation of President Park Geun-hye amid an ongoing corruption scandal. It is the largest protest in South Korea since the protests against U.S. beef imports in 2008. ](/news/2016/11/12/2016-south-korean-protests-as-many-as-1-000-000-people-march-on-the-presidential-blue-house-in-seoul-south-korea-calling-for-the-resignat.md) _Context: Seoul, South Korea_
3. [Choi Soon-sil gate: South Korean prosecutors raid the presidential Blue House in Seoul amid continuing fallout over President Park Geun-hye's influence-peddling scandal involving cult leader Choi Soon-sil. ](/news/2016/10/29/choi-soon-sil-gate-south-korean-prosecutors-raid-the-presidential-blue-house-in-seoul-amid-continuing-fallout-over-president-park-geun-hye.md) _Context: Seoul, South Korea_
4. [North Korea-South Korea relations: North Korean defectors: A group of 13 North Koreans working at a restaurant in an unidentified country defect en masse to South Korea, according to Seoul's Ministry of Unification. ](/news/2016/04/8/north-korea-south-korea-relations-north-korean-defectors-a-group-of-13-north-koreans-working-at-a-restaurant-in-an-unidentified-country.md) _Context: Seoul, South Korea_
5. [ North Korea - South Korea relations: North Korean defectors: North Korea accuses South Korea of kidnapping its citizens and demands their immediate return after Seoul's Ministry of Unification said 13 of them had defected to South Korea from China, where they worked in a Pyongyang-operated restaurant. China says that the 13 people, a male manager and 12 young female employees, had legitimate passports and had freely exited China. ](/news/2016/04/12/north-korea-south-korea-relations-north-korean-defectors-north-korea-accuses-south-korea-of-kidnapping-its-citizens-and-demands-their.md) _Context: Seoul, South Korea_
6. [The Seoul Central District Court fines two South Korean baseball players Seung-hwan Oh and Lim Chang-yong for illegal gambling in Macau. ](/news/2016/01/15/the-seoul-central-district-court-fines-two-south-korean-baseball-players-seung-hwan-oh-and-lim-chang-yong-for-illegal-gambling-in-macau.md) _Context: Seoul, South Korea_
7. [Korean border incidents: South Korean soldiers fire warning shots at a suspected North Korean drone near the Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ). The "unidentified flying object" was spotted around 29 miles north of Seoul, near South Korea's Dora Observation Post. ](/news/2016/01/13/korean-border-incidents-south-korean-soldiers-fire-warning-shots-at-a-suspected-north-korean-drone-near-the-korean-demilitarized-zone-dmz.md) _Context: Seoul, South Korea_
8. [Japan-South Korea relations: South Korea announces that Foreign Minister Yun Byung-se will meet with Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida in Seoul Monday to work toward a final settlement concerning sex slavery during World War II. "The Nikkei" reports that Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe plans to create a new government-backed fund, containing over 100 million yen (US$831,200/GBP556,600) to help former South Korean "comfort women," and is also considering making an apology for the wartime sexual enslavement. ](/news/2015/12/25/japan-south-korea-relations-south-korea-announces-that-foreign-minister-yun-byung-se-will-meet-with-japanese-foreign-minister-fumio-kishi.md) _Context: Seoul, South Korea_
9. [Former President Kim Young-sam, who formally ended decades of military rule in South Korea, dies in a Seoul hospital from a severe blood infection. He was 87. ](/news/2015/11/22/former-president-kim-young-sam-who-formally-ended-decades-of-military-rule-in-south-korea-dies-in-a-seoul-hospital-from-a-severe-blood-inf.md) _Context: Seoul, South Korea_
10. [Police in South Korea fire tear gas and water cannons at anti-government protesters in Seoul. Around 70,000 people took part in the protests, the largest in Seoul since the 2008 US beef protest in South Korea. ](/news/2015/11/14/police-in-south-korea-fire-tear-gas-and-water-cannons-at-anti-government-protesters-in-seoul-around-70-000-people-took-part-in-the-protests.md) _Context: Seoul, South Korea_
