### [2016-06-1](/news/2016/06/1/index.md)

# According to the Secretary General of NATO Jens Stoltenberg, defense spending by European member states will grow for the first time in a decade. Stoltenberg went on to say that "we are faced with uncertainty. We are faced with more threats, more security challenges, than in a generation". 




### Source:

1. [Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty](http://www.rferl.org/content/nato-defese-spending-european-allies-rises-first-time-in-decade-stoltenberg-/27771521.html)

### Related:

1. [The Secretary General of NATO Jens Stoltenberg says that the military alliance plans on sending four multinational battalions to Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Poland in order to boost their defense. However, Stoltenberg said that the battalions will only be deployed on a rotational basis instead of being based permanently. ](/news/2016/06/13/the-secretary-general-of-nato-jens-stoltenberg-says-that-the-military-alliance-plans-on-sending-four-multinational-battalions-to-estonia-la.md) _Context: Jens Stoltenberg, Secretary General of NATO_
2. [NATO-Russia relations: NATO reopens informal talks with Russia for the first time in nearly two years. According to the Secretary General of NATO Jens Stoltenberg "NATO and Russia have profound and persistent disagreements, today-s meeting did not change that." ](/news/2016/04/20/nato-russia-relations-nato-reopens-informal-talks-with-russia-for-the-first-time-in-nearly-two-years-according-to-the-secretary-general.md) _Context: Jens Stoltenberg, Secretary General of NATO_
3. [Syrian Civil War: Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War: NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg says Russia's pair of violations of Turkish airspace over the weekend do not look like accidents. Russia, which said it's looking into claims of a second violation, reported the first violation lasted a few seconds and was due to poor weather. ](/news/2015/10/6/syrian-civil-war-russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-nato-secretary-general-jens-stoltenberg-says-russia-s-pair-of-viola.md) _Context: Jens Stoltenberg, Secretary General of NATO_
4. [Former Prime Minister of Norway Jens Stoltenberg is appointed to succeed Denmark's Anders Fogh Rasmussen as the next Secretary General of NATO. ](/news/2014/03/28/former-prime-minister-of-norway-jens-stoltenberg-is-appointed-to-succeed-denmark-s-anders-fogh-rasmussen-as-the-next-secretary-general-of-na.md) _Context: Jens Stoltenberg, Secretary General of NATO_
5. [Accession of Montenegro to NATO: The Parliament of Montenegro votes 46-0 to ratify Montenegro's membership of NATO, while opposition politicians boycott the vote and hold protests. ](/news/2017/04/28/accession-of-montenegro-to-nato-the-parliament-of-montenegro-votes-46-0-to-ratify-montenegro-s-membership-of-nato-while-opposition-polit.md) _Context: membership_
6. [Former Secretary General of NATO Anders Fogh Rasmussen is named an advisor for Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, a move described by a Russian deputy chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee as a "hostile gesture". ](/news/2016/05/28/former-secretary-general-of-nato-anders-fogh-rasmussen-is-named-an-advisor-for-ukrainian-president-petro-poroshenko-a-move-described-by-a-r.md) _Context: Secretary General of NATO_
7. [Accession of Montenegro to NATO: Montenegro and NATO sign an accession agreement, paving the way for the country's future entry into the military alliance. All of NATO's members must now ratify the agreement, with Prime Minister Milo Dukanovic expecting Montenegro to join by mid 2017. ](/news/2016/05/19/accession-of-montenegro-to-nato-montenegro-and-nato-sign-an-accession-agreement-paving-the-way-for-the-country-s-future-entry-into-the-mil.md) _Context: membership_
8. [Japan-Russia relations: NATO-Russia relations: Russia announces it will deploy state-of-the art missile defense systems to the far eastern Kuril Islands where they and Japan have rival territorial claims dating to the end of the Second World War. Russian Defence Minister Sergey Shoygu also says that Russia will form new defence units in the country's Western Military District in response to NATO's recent deployment of forces to member states near its border. ](/news/2016/03/25/japan-russia-relations-nato-russia-relations-russia-announces-it-will-deploy-state-of-the-art-missile-defense-systems-to-the-far-easte.md) _Context: membership_
9. [Cold War II: At the 52nd Munich Security Conference in Germany, NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg says that NATO and Russia are "not in a cold-war situation but also not in the partnership that we established at the end of the Cold War" while the Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev says tensions between Russia and NATO have sent the world spiralling into a "new Cold War", blaming U.S. and European leaders for the souring of relations with Russia. He also rejected accusations that Russian warplanes have bombed civilians in Syria, saying it is "just not true". ](/news/2016/02/13/cold-war-ii-at-the-52nd-munich-security-conference-in-germany-nato-secretary-general-jens-stoltenberg-says-that-nato-and-russia-are-not-i.md) _Context: Jens Stoltenberg_
10. [Enlargement of NATO: NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg announces the invitation sent to Montenegro to join the military alliance, 16 years after the country, as part of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, was bombed by the alliance in the Kosovo War. Montenegro's accession would result in "retaliatory actions", according to a spokesman for Russian President Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2015/12/2/enlargement-of-nato-nato-secretary-general-jens-stoltenberg-announces-the-invitation-sent-to-montenegro-to-join-the-military-alliance-16-y.md) _Context: Jens Stoltenberg_
