### [2016-06-1](/news/2016/06/1/index.md)

# Residents return to Fort McMurray for the first time since May 1. A couple thousand firefighters, from as far away as South Africa, continue to battle the 5,800 square kilometer (3,603 square mile) Canadian blaze that has crossed the Alberta border into Saskatchewan. 

Waseem Amin has been making big plans for his return to Fort McMurray, the Canadian oil-sands town devastated by wildfires last month. He came home to a city smelling of smoke and surrounded by charred hills dotted with hulks of burned trees.


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-06-01/fort-mcmurray-residents-return-home-after-wildfire-devastation)

### Related:

1. [The western Canadian province of Alberta declares a state of emergency as devastating wildfires, fed by unseasonably hot temperatures and dry conditions, grow to five times their initial size. The mandatory evacuation order expands to include the communities of Anzac, Gregoire Lake Estates, and Fort McMurray First Nation, forcing thousands who had just resettled to move again. ](/news/2016/05/5/the-western-canadian-province-of-alberta-declares-a-state-of-emergency-as-devastating-wildfires-fed-by-unseasonably-hot-temperatures-and-dr.md) _Context: 2016 Fort McMurray wildfire, Alberta, Canada_
2. [A mandatory evacuation order for more than 29,000 people remains in place for the Canadian town of Fort McMurray, Alberta, which is threatened by an out of control wildfire. ](/news/2016/05/3/a-mandatory-evacuation-order-for-more-than-29-000-people-remains-in-place-for-the-canadian-town-of-fort-mcmurray-alberta-which-is-threaten.md) _Context: Alberta, Canada, Fort McMurray_
3. [Alberta authorities update information about the fire. About 2,400 homes and buildings were destroyed, but firefighters saved 25,000 others in the city, including the hospital, municipal buildings, and every functioning school. They expect most of the 88,000 evacuees will return to their homes within two weeks. The fire, which has merged with another blaze, is about 884 square miles (2,090 square kilometers) in size. The majority of Canada's oil sands industry, and a third of the country's total oil output, is offline, though Shell Canada has restarted its Albian Sands mining operations. ](/news/2016/05/10/alberta-authorities-update-information-about-the-fire-about-2-400-homes-and-buildings-were-destroyed-but-firefighters-saved-25-000-others.md) _Context: 2016 Fort McMurray wildfire, Alberta, Canada_
4. [Tens of thousands of people are being evacuated from western Canada as firefighters continue to battle wildfires in Saskatchewan, Alberta and British Columbia. ](/news/2015/07/8/tens-of-thousands-of-people-are-being-evacuated-from-western-canada-as-firefighters-continue-to-battle-wildfires-in-saskatchewan-alberta-an.md) _Context: Alberta, Canada, Saskatchewan_
5. [Wildfires continue to rage throughout the western Canadian provinces of Saskatchewan, Alberta and British Columbia. ](/news/2015/07/10/wildfires-continue-to-rage-throughout-the-western-canadian-provinces-of-saskatchewan-alberta-and-british-columbia.md) _Context: Alberta, Canada, Saskatchewan_
6. [In Canada, Chinook windstorms tear through Alberta and Saskatchewan, producing a dust storm in downtown Calgary and causing millions of dollars in damage. The windstorms fuel a grass fire that grows to two kilometres wide near Lethbridge, Alberta, before being contained, and gusts reach a maximum speed of 149 km/h. ](/news/2011/11/27/in-canada-chinook-windstorms-tear-through-alberta-and-saskatchewan-producing-a-dust-storm-in-downtown-calgary-and-causing-millions-of-doll.md) _Context: Alberta, Canada, Saskatchewan_
7. [ Scientists led by the University of Calgary are searching for the remains of a meteorite that is believed to have struck northern Canada, around the border of Alberta and Saskatchewan, overnight. ](/news/2008/11/23/scientists-led-by-the-university-of-calgary-are-searching-for-the-remains-of-a-meteorite-that-is-believed-to-have-struck-northern-canada-a.md) _Context: Alberta, Canada, Saskatchewan_
8. [A herd of Plains bison are successfully reintroduced to the Banff National Park in Alberta, Canada, more than 100 years after they were nearly hunted out of existence. ](/news/2017/02/6/a-herd-of-plains-bison-are-successfully-reintroduced-to-the-banff-national-park-in-alberta-canada-more-than-100-years-after-they-were-near.md) _Context: Alberta, Canada_
9. [A flare up of wildfires around Fort McMurray has caused the evacuation of 8,000 workers. ](/news/2016/05/17/a-flare-up-of-wildfires-around-fort-mcmurray-has-caused-the-evacuation-of-8-000-workers.md) _Context: 2016 Fort McMurray wildfire, Fort McMurray_
10. [ A wildfire in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan forces 8,000 people from their homes. ](/news/2015/07/4/a-wildfire-in-the-canadian-province-of-saskatchewan-forces-8-000-people-from-their-homes.md) _Context: Canada, Saskatchewan_
