### [2016-06-1](/news/2016/06/1/index.md)

# The International Olympic Committee (IOC) executive board backs host Tokyo's  proposal to include baseball-softball, surfing, karate, sport climbing, and skateboarding in the 2020 Summer Olympics. The full IOC will vote on this in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, in August. 

LAUSANNE, Switzerland (AP) — Olympic leaders took action on two fronts Wednesday, ramping up efforts to keep drug cheats out of the upcoming Olympics in Rio de Janeiro and recommending the inclusion of baseball-softball…


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/2468682a6e494fd6a17d8954633967fd/bach-travel-brazil-check-rio-games-meet-temer)

### Related:

1. [ The International Olympic Committee awards the 2016 Summer Olympics and the 2016 Summer Paralympics to Rio de Janeiro (Brazil). The other bidding cities were Chicago (United States), Tokyo (Japan) and Madrid (Spain). ](/news/2009/10/2/the-international-olympic-committee-awards-the-2016-summer-olympics-and-the-2016-summer-paralympics-to-rio-de-janeiro-brazil-the-other-b.md) _Context: Brazil, International Olympic Committee, Rio de Janeiro, Tokyo_
2. [ The International Olympic Committee releases a shortlist of 2016 Summer Olympics bids consisting of Chicago, United States; Tokyo, Japan; Madrid, Spain; and Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. ](/news/2008/06/4/the-international-olympic-committee-releases-a-shortlist-of-2016-summer-olympics-bids-consisting-of-chicago-united-states-tokyo-japan-m.md) _Context: Brazil, International Olympic Committee, Rio de Janeiro, Tokyo_
3. [The International Olympic Committee votes to reinstate wrestling as an Olympic sport at the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo. ](/news/2013/09/8/the-international-olympic-committee-votes-to-reinstate-wrestling-as-an-olympic-sport-at-the-2020-summer-olympics-in-tokyo.md) _Context: 2020 Summer Olympics, International Olympic Committee, Tokyo_
4. [During the 125th IOC Session, the IOC announces the winning bid for the 2020 Summer Olympics to be held in Tokyo, Japan. ](/news/2013/09/7/during-the-125th-ioc-session-the-ioc-announces-the-winning-bid-for-the-2020-summer-olympics-to-be-held-in-tokyo-japan.md) _Context: 2020 Summer Olympics, International Olympic Committee, Tokyo_
5. [Three cities, Tokyo, Istanbul and Madrid, submit their official bid books to the International Olympic Committee as part of their efforts to secure the 2020 Summer Olympics and Paralympics for their cities. ](/news/2013/01/7/three-cities-tokyo-istanbul-and-madrid-submit-their-official-bid-books-to-the-international-olympic-committee-as-part-of-their-efforts-to.md) _Context: 2020 Summer Olympics, International Olympic Committee, Tokyo_
6. [Tokyo breaks ground for the National Olympic Stadium on the site of the stadium used for the 1964 Olympic Games. ](/news/2016/12/11/tokyo-breaks-ground-for-the-national-olympic-stadium-on-the-site-of-the-stadium-used-for-the-1964-olympic-games.md) _Context: 2020 Summer Olympics, Tokyo_
7. [The International Olympic Committee (IOC) upholds its ban on Russian track and field athletes participating in the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro due to various doping scandals. IOC officials plan to gather next Tuesday to discuss the matter further. ](/news/2016/06/17/the-international-olympic-committee-ioc-upholds-its-ban-on-russian-track-and-field-athletes-participating-in-the-2016-summer-olympics-in-r.md) _Context: International Olympic Committee, Rio de Janeiro_
8. [More than 150 prominent scientists worldwide send a letter to World Health Organization Director-General Margaret Chan calling for the postponement or relocation of the Rio de Janeiro 2016 Summer Olympics because of the widening Zika virus outbreak in Brazil, despite U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Director Tom Frieden's statement yesterday that "there is no public health reason to cancel or delay the Olympics." ](/news/2016/05/27/more-than-150-prominent-scientists-worldwide-send-a-letter-to-world-health-organization-director-general-margaret-chan-calling-for-the-postp.md) _Context: Brazil, Rio de Janeiro_
9. [The Olympic flame is lit outside the Temple of Hera in Olympia, Greece, by Greek actress Katerina Lehou.  Brazilian volleyball legend Giovane Gavio starts the relay that will reach the capital Brasilia on May 3 for transport throughout the South American country by 12,000 torchbearers, arriving at Maracana Stadium in Rio de Janeiro on August 5. ](/news/2016/04/21/the-olympic-flame-is-lit-outside-the-temple-of-hera-in-olympia-greece-by-greek-actress-katerina-lehou-brazilian-volleyball-legend-giovan.md) _Context: Brazil, Rio de Janeiro_
10. [At least two people are killed after  an oceanfront stretch of an elevated bike lane in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, collapses when it was hit by a strong wave. Two other people were rescued alive, while another may be missing. The bike lane was among the projects built in preparation for the 2016 Summer Olympics. No Olympic event will be held on the path. ](/news/2016/04/21/at-least-two-people-are-killed-after-an-oceanfront-stretch-of-an-elevated-bike-lane-in-rio-de-janeiro-brazil-collapses-when-it-was-hit-by.md) _Context: Brazil, Rio de Janeiro_
