### [2016-06-1](/news/2016/06/1/index.md)

# United States-backed Syrian Democratic Forces begin an offensive to regain control of the city of Manbij in the Aleppo Governorate from ISIL. 

MIDEAST-CRISIS/SYRIA-OFFENSIVE (EXCLUSIVE, URGENT):EXCLUSIVE-U.S.-backed Syria forces launch offensive for Manbij pocket -U.S. officials


### Source:

1. [Reuters via Trust](http://news.trust.org/item/20160601040520-o42uq)

### Related:

1. [U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) say they have seized full control of Manbij in Syria's northern Aleppo Governorate after ISIL militants withdrew from their last remaining strongholds in the city. ](/news/2016/08/12/u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-say-they-have-seized-full-control-of-manbij-in-syria-s-northern-aleppo-governorate-after-isil-mil.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Manbij, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces, U.S., have seized_
2. [The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports ISIL militants have kidnapped about 900 Syrian Kurdish civilians from Aleppo over the past three weeks in retaliation for the Kurdish and US-backed Syrian Democratic Forces attack on Manbij. The captives are being forced to build fortifications for the extremists. At least 26 of those abducted reportedly have been killed for refusing to follow ISIL orders. ](/news/2016/06/24/the-britain-based-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-isil-militants-have-kidnapped-about-900-syrian-kurdish-civilians-from-aleppo-o.md) _Context: Manbij, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces, have seized_
3. [The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) take control of the Baath Dam on the Euphrates, near the ISIL stronghold of Raqqa, and upon doing so, rename it "Freedom Dam".  ](/news/2017/06/4/the-u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-take-control-of-the-baath-dam-on-the-euphrates-near-the-isil-stronghold-of-raqqa-and-upon-d.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces, U.S._
4. [The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) says they will counter Iraq's mostly Iran-backed Popular Mobilization Forces (PMU) militants if the latter enters areas under SDF control, insisting that SDF will never accept the presence of Iran and SDF will never under any circumstances act as a bridge between PMU and the Syria's Assad regime. ](/news/2017/05/31/the-u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-says-they-will-counter-iraqas-mostly-iran-backed-popular-mobilization-forces-pmu-militant.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces, U.S._
5. [CJTFOIR deploys U.S. forces near Manbij to "reassure Coalition" members and to "deter aggression." This comes days after the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces' Manbij Military Council agreed to hand over territory west of Manbij to the Syrian Army to create a buffer zone between the SDF and Turkish-backed rebels. ](/news/2017/03/4/cjtfoir-deploys-u-s-forces-near-manbij-to-reassure-coalition-members-and-to-deter-aggression-this-comes-days-after-the-u-s-backed-syr.md) _Context: Manbij, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces_
6. [The Syrian Government's Tiger Forces reaches the front lines with the Syrian Democratic Forces south of Manbij after capturing territory from ISIL, east of al-Bab. ](/news/2017/02/27/the-syrian-government-s-tiger-forces-reaches-the-front-lines-with-the-syrian-democratic-forces-south-of-manbij-after-capturing-territory-fro.md) _Context: Manbij, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces_
7. [The Kurdish-led Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) reportedly take control of the Menagh Military Airbase in the northern Aleppo Governorate after Ahrar ash-Sham, Levant Front and Free Syrian Army fighters withdraw amid Russian airstrikes. ](/news/2016/02/10/the-kurdish-led-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-reportedly-take-control-of-the-menagh-military-airbase-in-the-northern-aleppo-governorate-aft.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces_
8. [The Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) backed by U.S.-led coalition airstrikes, seize control of the strategic Tishrin Dam on the Euphrates in eastern Aleppo from Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant forces. ](/news/2015/12/27/the-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-backed-by-u-s-led-coalition-airstrikes-seize-control-of-the-strategic-tishrin-dam-on-the-euphrates-in-e.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces_
9. [Syrian Army troops break an Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant siege of the Kweires airbase in the Aleppo Governorate. ](/news/2015/11/10/syrian-army-troops-break-an-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-siege-of-the-kweires-airbase-in-the-aleppo-governorate.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, ISIL, Syrian Civil War_
10. [A newly formed U.S.-backed Syrian rebel alliance, Democratic Forces of Syria, launches an offensive against Islamic State forces in the northeast province of Hasaka. ](/news/2015/10/31/a-newly-formed-u-s-backed-syrian-rebel-alliance-democratic-forces-of-syria-launches-an-offensive-against-islamic-state-forces-in-the-nort.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces, U.S._
