### [2013-10-3](/news/2013/10/3/index.md)

# Islamist insurgency in Nigeria:. Air Force fighter jets bomb camps belonging to suspected Islamist militants in northeast Nigeria in response to a massacre of students at an agricultural college. 

Fighter jets have bombed camps belonging to suspected Islamist militants in northeast Nigeria in response to a massacre of students at an agricultural college, an army spokesman said on Thursday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/10/03/us-nigeria-violence-idUSBRE9920HZ20131003)

### Related:

1. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria:. Gunmen from the Nigerian Islamist group Boko Haram kill 42 people, mostly students, in an attack on a college in the town of Gujba, Yobe State. ](/news/2013/09/29/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-gunmen-from-the-nigerian-islamist-group-boko-haram-kill-42-people-mostly-students-in-an-attack-on-a-colle.md) _Context: Islamist insurgency in Nigeria, a massacre of students at an agricultural college_
2. [Boko Haram insurgency. A Nigerian Air Force jet mistakenly bombs a refugee camp in Borno State, near the border with Cameroon, killing at least 90 people and injuring more than 100. The pilot reportedly believed he was attacking Boko Haram militants. ](/news/2017/01/17/boko-haram-insurgency-a-nigerian-air-force-jet-mistakenly-bombs-a-refugee-camp-in-borno-state-near-the-border-with-cameroon-killing-at-le.md) _Context: Nigerian Air Force_
3. [Boko Haram insurgency. In a raid on Boko Haram Islamists' northeast heartland, Nigeria-s air force kills senior militants and possibly fatally wounds their leader, Abubakar Shekau. ](/news/2016/08/23/boko-haram-insurgency-in-a-raid-on-boko-haram-islamists-northeast-heartland-nigeria-s-air-force-kills-senior-militants-and-possibly-fat.md) _Context: Nigerian Air Force_
4. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria. Three suicide bombers at Lake Chad kill at least 30 people and injure at least 80 others. Three women carried out the attack at a weekly market on an island on the Chadian side of the lake. No group claims responsibility; officials suspect the attacks were carried out by members of the Boko Haram militant group from neighboring Nigeria. ](/news/2015/12/5/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-three-suicide-bombers-at-lake-chad-kill-at-least-30-people-and-injure-at-least-80-others-three-women-carrie.md) _Context: Islamist insurgency in Nigeria_
5. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria. More than 1 million children have been forced out of school as a result of Boko Haram terrorism in northeastern Nigeria and its neighboring countries, which leaves the children more susceptible to violence, poverty and child marriage, Manuel Fontaine, UNICEF-s West and Central Africa regional director, said in a statement. ](/news/2015/12/22/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-more-than-1-million-children-have-been-forced-out-of-school-as-a-result-of-boko-haram-terrorism-in-northeast.md) _Context: Islamist insurgency in Nigeria_
6. [2015 West African offensive. Islamist insurgency in Nigeria. Cameroon-s army, backed by a regional taskforce, has killed at least 100 members of the militant Islamist Boko Haram group and freed 900 people it had held hostage, the west African country-s defence ministry has said. Regional taskforce conducts sweep along border with Nigeria. ](/news/2015/12/2/2015-west-african-offensive-islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-cameroon-s-army-backed-by-a-regional-taskforce-has-killed-at-least-100-memb.md) _Context: Islamist insurgency in Nigeria_
7. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria. At least 30 people are killed after Boko Haram militants attack three villages in Nigeria's northeast Borno state. ](/news/2015/12/15/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-at-least-30-people-are-killed-after-boko-haram-militants-attack-three-villages-in-nigeria-s-northeast-borno.md) _Context: Islamist insurgency in Nigeria_
8. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria. Nigeria postpones its general election for six weeks to allow its armed forces to take control of the Boko Haram-controlled parts of the country. ](/news/2015/02/7/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-nigeria-postpones-its-general-election-for-six-weeks-to-allow-its-armed-forces-to-take-control-of-the-boko-h.md) _Context: Islamist insurgency in Nigeria_
9. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria. A female suicide bomber attacks minutes after the President of Nigeria leaves an election rally in the city of Gombe resulting in at least one death and eighteen people injured. ](/news/2015/02/2/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-a-female-suicide-bomber-attacks-minutes-after-the-president-of-nigeria-leaves-an-election-rally-in-the-city.md) _Context: Islamist insurgency in Nigeria_
10. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria. Boko Haram militants attack a bus in Waza, Cameroon, killing eleven people and injuring six. ](/news/2015/01/2/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-boko-haram-militants-attack-a-bus-in-waza-cameroon-killing-eleven-people-and-injuring-six.md) _Context: Islamist insurgency in Nigeria_
