### [2004-03-30](/news/2004/03/30/index.md)

#  The White House allows Condoleezza Rice, the president's National Security Advisor, to publicly testify under oath on the investigation into the September 11, 2001 attacks. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2004/ALLPOLITICS/03/30/rice.testimony/index.html)
2. [XINHUA](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/2004-03/30/content_1392734.htm)

### Related:

1. [ US National Security Advisor Condoleezza Rice testifies before the September 11 Commission. Rice states President George W. Bush understood threat from al-Qaeda before September 11. She asserts "the terrorists were at war with us, but we were not yet at war with them." She also says that President George W. Bush came into office in 2001 determined to develop a "more robust" policy to combat Al-Qaida. The commission asks the White House to declassify a key August 2001 document entitled ""Bin Ladin Determined to Strike in US"". ](/news/2004/04/8/us-national-security-advisor-condoleezza-rice-testifies-before-the-september-11-commission-rice-states-president-george-w-bush-understood.md) _Context: Condoleezza Rice, National Security Advisor, White House_
2. [ John Kerry joins other Democrats calling for National Security Advisor Condoleezza Rice to testify before the September 11 commission and states the White House should learn from President Franklin Delano Roosevelt's openness during an inquiry after Pearl Harbor. ](/news/2004/03/27/john-kerry-joins-other-democrats-calling-for-national-security-advisor-condoleezza-rice-to-testify-before-the-september-11-commission-and-s.md) _Context: Condoleezza Rice, National Security Advisor, White House_
3. [ United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice says the White House wants to broker a permanent deal between Israel and the Palestinian Authority before President George W. Bush leaves office. ](/news/2007/11/21/united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-says-the-white-house-wants-to-broker-a-permanent-deal-between-israel-and-the-palestinian.md) _Context: Condoleezza Rice, White House_
4. [ Zacarias Moussaoui testifies in an American court that he and Richard Reid planned to fly a passenger jet into the White House as part of the September 11, 2001 attacks, contradicting his previous testimony. ](/news/2006/03/27/zacarias-moussaoui-testifies-in-an-american-court-that-he-and-richard-reid-planned-to-fly-a-passenger-jet-into-the-white-house-as-part-of-t.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 attacks, White House_
5. [ Responding to requests by the September 11th Commission, the White House releases a newly declassified President's Daily Brief from a month before the September 11, 2001 attacks warning of possible al-Qaeda activity, including planned hijackings, within the United States. ](/news/2004/04/10/responding-to-requests-by-the-september-11th-commission-the-white-house-releases-a-newly-declassified-president-s-daily-brief-from-a-month.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 attacks, White House_
6. [Kurt Volker, U.S. special representative for Ukraine, says in a BBC News interview that the White House is considering arming Ukrainian government forces fighting Pro-Russian militants with defensive weapons. ](/news/2017/07/25/kurt-volker-u-s-special-representative-for-ukraine-says-in-a-bbc-news-interview-that-the-white-house-is-considering-arming-ukrainian-gove.md) _Context: White House_
7. [The White House releases unredacted emails of people concerned about the Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity. Sensitive information revealed in the emails prompts immediate backlash and privacy concerns. ](/news/2017/07/14/the-white-house-releases-unredacted-emails-of-people-concerned-about-the-presidential-advisory-commission-on-election-integrity-sensitive-i.md) _Context: White House_
8. [Polish-American diplomat Zbigniew Brzezinski, counselor to President Lyndon B. Johnson (1966-1968) and President Jimmy Carter's National Security Advisor (1977-1981), dies at the age of 89. ](/news/2017/05/26/polish-american-diplomat-zbigniew-brzezinski-counselor-to-president-lyndon-b-johnson-1966a1968-and-president-jimmy-carter-s-national-s.md) _Context: National Security Advisor_
9. [The White House releases a proposed budget that includes an increase in spending for the military but a decrease in healthcare and welfare. ](/news/2017/05/23/the-white-house-releases-a-proposed-budget-that-includes-an-increase-in-spending-for-the-military-but-a-decrease-in-healthcare-and-welfare.md) _Context: White House_
10. [According to sources familiar with his decision, former U.S. National Security Advisor Michael Flynn invokes his Fifth Amendment protection against self-incrimination and declines to comply with a subpoena from the Senate Intelligence Committee investigating possible Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election. ](/news/2017/05/22/according-to-sources-familiar-with-his-decision-former-u-s-national-security-advisor-michael-flynn-invokes-his-fifth-amendment-protection.md) _Context: National Security Advisor_
