### [2016-10-13](/news/2016/10/13/index.md)

# Colombian peace process: Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos extends his ceasefire with the FARC rebels through the end of the year. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-colombia-peace-idUSKCN12E01R)

### Related:

1. [Referendum: Colombian government and FARC representatives meet in Havana, and President Juan Manuel Santos will meet with presidential predecessors Alvaro Uribe, the accord opposition leader, and Andres Pastrana Arango, to continue negotiations to end the 52-year war that has killed around a quarter of a million people. ](/news/2016/10/4/referendum-colombian-government-and-farc-representatives-meet-in-havana-and-president-juan-manuel-santos-will-meet-with-presidential-prede.md) _Context: Colombian President, FARC, Juan Manuel Santos_
2. [Colombian peace agreement referendum, 2016: FARC leader Rodrigo Londono (Timoleon) says his troops will honor its commitments to the Colombian government, including the permanent cease-fire, despite voters rejection of the peace accord in Sunday's referendum. President Juan Manuel Santos calls the country's political parties to an emergency meeting. ](/news/2016/10/3/colombian-peace-agreement-referendum-2016-farc-leader-rodrigo-londoa-o-timolea3n-says-his-troops-will-honor-its-commitments-to-the-colom.md) _Context: Colombian President, FARC, Juan Manuel Santos_
3. [Colombian conflict: Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos and FARC guerrilla leader Rodrigo Londono, also known as Timochenko, sign a peace accord in Cartagena, ending the longest running armed conflict in the Western Hemisphere. The final agreement will be submitted to popular ratification in a referendum on October 2.](/news/2016/09/26/colombian-conflict-colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-and-farc-guerrilla-leader-rodrigo-londoa-o-also-known-as-timochenko-sign-a-peac.md) _Context: Colombian peace process, FARC, Juan Manuel Santos_
4. [Colombian conflict (1964-present): The President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos and the leader of FARC Timoleon Jimenez will announce a deal on justice for crimes committed in the fifty-year-long conflict. ](/news/2015/09/23/colombian-conflict-1964-present-the-president-of-colombia-juan-manuel-santos-and-the-leader-of-farc-timolea3n-jima-c-nez-will-announce-a.md) _Context: Colombian President, FARC, Juan Manuel Santos_
5. [The President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos condemns a FARC ambush that killed a senior police officer. ](/news/2011/06/29/the-president-of-colombia-juan-manuel-santos-condemns-a-farc-ambush-that-killed-a-senior-police-officer.md) _Context: Colombian President, FARC, Juan Manuel Santos_
6. [Colombian peace process: The United Nations confirms that the FARC has completed its disarmament process, with former rebels due to make the transition to civilian life and the group to transform into a legal political party in the country. ](/news/2017/06/26/colombian-peace-process-the-united-nations-confirms-that-the-farc-has-completed-its-disarmament-process-with-former-rebels-due-to-make-the.md) _Context: Colombian peace process, FARC_
7. [Colombian conflict: As part of an ongoing peace process, the Congress of Colombia approves an amnesty law for thousands of demobilizing FARC rebels. The amnesty does not apply to FARC rebels who have committed war crimes or human rights violations. ](/news/2016/12/28/colombian-conflict-as-part-of-an-ongoing-peace-process-the-congress-of-colombia-approves-an-amnesty-law-for-thousands-of-demobilizing-farc.md) _Context: Colombian peace process, FARC_
8. [Colombian peace process: The Congress of Colombia unanimously approves a peace deal between the Government and rebel group FARC to end the Colombian conflict. ](/news/2016/11/30/colombian-peace-process-the-congress-of-colombia-unanimously-approves-a-peace-deal-between-the-government-and-rebel-group-farc-to-end-the-c.md) _Context: Colombian peace process, FARC_
9. [Colombian peace process: The Colombian government and FARC rebels sign a new peace deal after the failure of the original one. ](/news/2016/11/24/colombian-peace-process-the-colombian-government-and-farc-rebels-sign-a-new-peace-deal-after-the-failure-of-the-original-one.md) _Context: Colombian peace process, FARC_
10. [Colombian conflict: The Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC), the country's largest rebel group, gives its approval to a peace deal agreement with the government. President Juan Manuel Santos and FARC leader Timoleon Jimenez, known as Timochenko, will sign the agreement on September 26. To complete the approval process, a referendum will be held on October 2. ](/news/2016/09/24/colombian-conflict-the-revolutionary-armed-forces-of-colombia-farc-the-country-s-largest-rebel-group-gives-its-approval-to-a-peace-deal.md) _Context: FARC, Juan Manuel Santos_
