### [2016-10-13](/news/2016/10/13/index.md)

# The death toll in North Carolina rises to 22 as flood waters continue to rise. Governor Pat McCrory says places that had a foot of water in the morning, were under 12 feet of water. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-storm-matthew-idUSKCN12D31X)

### Related:

1. [The death toll in the United States from Hurricane Matthew rises to 27 with at least five people still missing in North Carolina. Governor Pat McCrory warns that the state's swollen rivers are still rising with flooding continuing to pose threats to life and property this week. The storm, downgraded to a post-tropical cyclone yesterday, moves away from the U.S. coastline on an east-northeast track. ](/news/2016/10/10/the-death-toll-in-the-united-states-from-hurricane-matthew-rises-to-27-with-at-least-five-people-still-missing-in-north-carolina-governor-p.md) _Context: Governor, Hurricane Matthew, North Carolina, Pat McCrory_
2. [The recount in North Carolina continues amid pressure towards Republican candidate Pat McCrory to accept his defeat by Democratic nominee Roy Cooper. ](/news/2016/11/30/the-recount-in-north-carolina-continues-amid-pressure-towards-republican-candidate-pat-mccrory-to-accept-his-defeat-by-democratic-nominee-ro.md) _Context: North Carolina, Pat McCrory_
3. [Hurricane Matthew, responsible for killing 13 people and knocking out power to 2.2 million households and businesses in the Southeastern United States, is now a Category 1 hurricane (75 mph;120 km/h winds) approaching the North Carolina coast. ](/news/2016/10/8/hurricane-matthew-responsible-for-killing-13-people-and-knocking-out-power-to-2-2-million-households-and-businesses-in-the-southeastern-uni.md) _Context: Hurricane Matthew, North Carolina_
4. [Protesters of the police shooting of Keith Lamont Scott yesterday injure twelve Charlotte, North Carolina police officers. Riots continue into a second night with North Carolina Governor Pat McCrory declaring a state of emergency. ](/news/2016/09/21/protesters-of-the-police-shooting-of-keith-lamont-scott-yesterday-injure-twelve-charlotte-north-carolina-police-officers-riots-continue-in.md) _Context: Governor, Pat McCrory_
5. [The U.S. Justice Department notifies North Carolina Governor Pat McCrory that the state's new law which limits restroom access for transgender people violates the U.S. Civil Rights Act, and asks for a response by May 9 whether the state will correct "these violations of Title VII." The Governor's statement in response does not specifically say what the state will do. ](/news/2016/05/4/the-u-s-justice-department-notifies-north-carolina-governor-pat-mccrory-that-the-state-s-new-law-which-limits-restroom-access-for-transgend.md) _Context: Governor, Pat McCrory_
6. [ North Carolina Governor Pat McCrory signs Executive Order 73 that addresses some, but not all, troublesome provisions in House Bill 2 that caused businesses, traveling recording stars, etc., to stay clear of the state. The order does expand the state's anti-discrimination employment policy to include LBGT protection, but reiterates that people use the marked facility consistent with "... their biological sex." The American Civil Liberties Union says the order, "... fall(s) far short of correcting the damage done ... (and that)... transgender people are still explicitly targeted by being forced to use the wrong restroom." Equality North Carolina says, "... the order doubles down on the Governor's support for some of the most problematic provisions of HB2." ](/news/2016/04/12/north-carolina-governor-pat-mccrory-signs-executive-order-73-that-addresses-some-but-not-all-troublesome-provisions-in-house-bill-2-that.md) _Context: Governor, Pat McCrory_
7. [The General Assembly of the U.S. state of North Carolina votes on a motion to veto override by the Governor Bev Perdue of the state budget. ](/news/2011/06/15/the-general-assembly-of-the-u-s-state-of-north-carolina-votes-on-a-motion-to-veto-override-by-the-governor-bev-perdue-of-the-state-budget.md) _Context: Governor, North Carolina_
8. [The Senate of the US state of North Carolina pardons former Governor William Woods Holden who was impeached in 1871 because of his suspension of habeas corpus in the process of battling the Ku Klux Klan terror campaign. ](/news/2011/04/12/the-senate-of-the-us-state-of-north-carolina-pardons-former-governor-william-woods-holden-who-was-impeached-in-1871-because-of-his-suspensio.md) _Context: Governor, North Carolina_
9. [The United States Supreme Court rejects two of North Carolina's congressional districts because they violated the Constitution by relying too heavily on race in drawing them. ](/news/2017/05/22/the-united-states-supreme-court-rejects-two-of-north-carolina-s-congressional-districts-because-they-violated-the-constitution-by-relying-to.md) _Context: North Carolina_
10. [The U.S. Supreme Court rules that the North Carolina state legislative members do not have standing to request an appeal of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit ruling against a law which it found discriminated against black voters. ](/news/2017/05/15/the-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-the-north-carolina-state-legislative-members-do-not-have-standing-to-request-an-appeal-of-the-u-s-court-o.md) _Context: North Carolina_
