### [2016-10-13](/news/2016/10/13/index.md)

# The United Nations General Assembly officially appoints former Portuguese Prime Minister Antonio Guterres  its next Secretary-General. 

UNITED NATIONS—The U.N. General Assembly on Thursday officially appointed António Guterres of Portugal as its next secretary-general as he pledged to combat terrorism and extremism while also fighting “xenophobia” and populism.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-37648265)
2. [The Wall Street Journal](http://www.wsj.com/articles/u-n-general-assembly-appoints-antonio-guterres-as-next-secretary-general-1476399026)

### Related:

1. [Former Prime Minister of Portugal Antonio Guterres is sworn in as the new United Nations Secretary General. ](/news/2016/12/12/former-prime-minister-of-portugal-anta3nio-guterres-is-sworn-in-as-the-new-united-nations-secretary-general.md) _Context: Antonio Guterres, Prime Minister of Portugal, Secretary General_
2. [The United Nations Security Council affirms the first step in the election of Portuguese Antonio Guterres as the next Secretary-General of the United Nations. If ratified by the General Assembly, he will take office on January 1, 2017. ](/news/2016/10/5/the-united-nations-security-council-affirms-the-first-step-in-the-election-of-portuguese-anta3nio-guterres-as-the-next-secretary-general-of.md) _Context: Antonio Guterres, Secretary General_
3. [At the United Nations General Assembly in New York City, Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon wins a second five-year term by acclamation through applause without a vote after the United Nations Security Council fails to put forward another candidate. ](/news/2011/06/21/at-the-united-nations-general-assembly-in-new-york-city-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-ban-ki-moon-wins-a-second-five-year-term-by.md) _Context: Secretary General, United Nations General Assembly_
4. [Former President and Prime Minister of Portugal Mario Soares dies at the age of 92. ](/news/2017/01/7/former-president-and-prime-minister-of-portugal-ma-rio-soares-dies-at-the-age-of-92.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Portugal_
5. [Portugal's Antonio Guterres begins his term as United Nations Secretary-General, replacing South Korea's Ban Ki-moon. ](/news/2017/01/1/portugal-s-anta3nio-guterres-begins-his-term-as-united-nations-secretary-general-replacing-south-korea-s-ban-ki-moon.md) _Context: Antonio Guterres_
6. [South Africa will notify the United Nations that the country is withdrawing from the International Criminal Court (ICC). This separation would take effect one year from when notice is formally received by the  U.N. Secretary-General. Last week, Burundi's parliament voted to leave the ICC, but the required paperwork has not yet reached the U.N. ](/news/2016/10/20/south-africa-will-notify-the-united-nations-that-the-country-is-withdrawing-from-the-international-criminal-court-icc-this-separation-wou.md) _Context: Secretary General_
7. [In his final speech as President of the United States to the United Nations General Assembly, Barack Obama calls for a renewed commitment to collaborative efforts in facing many of the challenges confronting "an integrated world" community. ](/news/2016/09/20/in-his-final-speech-as-president-of-the-united-states-to-the-united-nations-general-assembly-barack-obama-calls-for-a-renewed-commitment-to.md) _Context: United Nations General Assembly_
8. [United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon  temporarily removes the Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen from a U.N. blacklist for violating children's rights because its supporters threatened to stop funding many U.N. programs. ](/news/2016/06/9/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-temporarily-removes-the-saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-from-a-u-n-blacklist-for-viol.md) _Context: Secretary General_
9. [Former New Zealand prime minister Helen Clark is running for Secretary-General of the United Nations, to succeed Ban Ki-moon whose second term expires at the end of this year. Clark, who is the first non-European and fourth woman among the eight announced candidates, was prime minister for nine years (1999-2008) and has been Administrator of the United Nations Development Programme since April 2009. The United Nations Trusteeship Council will begin preliminary meetings with candidates next week in New York City. ](/news/2016/04/4/former-new-zealand-prime-minister-helen-clark-is-running-for-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-to-succeed-ban-ki-moon-whose-second-te.md) _Context: Secretary General_
10. [Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto proposes legalizing marijuana for medical purposes and easing limits for personal use of the drug. He said he would be sending a bill to the Congress to increase the amount users can legally carry from the current five grams to 28 (0.18-1oz). The news comes just two days after he addressed the United Nations General Assembly at a special session on drug policy and is seen as a chance to re-think the current strategy of fighting drug-trafficking, especially in Mexico where the fighting has killed tens of thousands of people. ](/news/2016/04/22/mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-proposes-legalizing-marijuana-for-medical-purposes-and-easing-limits-for-personal-use-of-the-drug-he.md) _Context: United Nations General Assembly_
