### [2016-10-13](/news/2016/10/13/index.md)

# The Obama administration's Treasury Department, in a move against corporate tax inversions, enacts regulations to combat a key tax-reduction technique known as earnings stripping. 

The Obama administration, in its latest bid to prevent American companies from minimizing U.S. taxes by rebasing abroad, issued final rules on Thursday to combat a key tax-reduction technique known as earnings stripping.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-tax-inversions-idUSKCN12D2YC)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. Treasury Department announces new regulations to curb tax-avoiding corporate inversions, i.e., where U.S. companies slash their tax bills by claiming a new tax home overseas, though their core operations and management remain in the United States. The pending $160 billion merger of Pfizer Inc. and Allergan, Plc could be cancelled because of these new rules. ](/news/2016/04/4/the-u-s-treasury-department-announces-new-regulations-to-curb-tax-avoiding-corporate-inversions-i-e-where-u-s-companies-slash-their-tax.md) _Context: United States Department of the Treasury, corporate tax inversions_
2. [The Obama Administration through the U.S. Treasury Department will clamp down further on corporate income tax-avoiding inversion deals by U.S. companies with foreign rivals. There is a pending inversion deal between U.S. drug maker Pfizer Inc. and smaller Irish competitor Allergan, Plc. ](/news/2015/11/18/the-obama-administration-through-the-u-s-treasury-department-will-clamp-down-further-on-corporate-income-tax-avoiding-inversion-deals-by-u.md) _Context: United States Department of the Treasury, corporate tax inversions_
3. [The United States Department of the Treasury announces new sanctions against Iran in response to the latter's recent ballistic missile test. Thirteen people and twelve entities with ties to Iran have been affected. ](/news/2017/02/3/the-united-states-department-of-the-treasury-announces-new-sanctions-against-iran-in-response-to-the-latter-s-recent-ballistic-missile-test.md) _Context: United States Department of the Treasury_
4. [The Trump administration revokes Obama-era orders on protection of gender identity under Title IX. ](/news/2017/02/22/the-trump-administration-revokes-obama-era-orders-on-protection-of-gender-identity-under-title-ix.md) _Context: Obama-era_
5. [The United States Department of the Treasury eases some sanctions on the Federal Security Service (FSB), allowing for limited transactions with the intelligence agency. The sanctions were put in place last year by Barack Obama over alleged Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election. ](/news/2017/02/2/the-united-states-department-of-the-treasury-eases-some-sanctions-on-the-federal-security-service-fsb-allowing-for-limited-transactions-w.md) _Context: United States Department of the Treasury_
6. [Citing unnamed U.S. officials, ''The Washington Post'' reports that U.S. President Donald Trump berated Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull. Trump claimed it was "the worst call by far" and criticized a refugee settlement deal organised between the Turnbull Government and the Obama administration in late 2016. ](/news/2017/02/2/citing-unnamed-u-s-officials-the-washington-post-reports-that-u-s-president-donald-trump-berated-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-tu.md) _Context: Obama-era_
7. [The Obama administration agrees to an international limit on the use of hydrofluorocarbon gases in refrigeration and air conditioning. ](/news/2016/10/15/the-obama-administration-agrees-to-an-international-limit-on-the-use-of-hydrofluorocarbon-gases-in-refrigeration-and-air-conditioning.md) _Context: Obama-era_
8. [Pfizer Inc. decides to terminate its $160 billion merger with Allergan, Plc as officials in Washington crack down on corporate inversions. Pfizer will need to pay a $400 million fee to Allergan for expenses relating to the deal. ](/news/2016/04/5/pfizer-inc-decides-to-terminate-its-160-billion-merger-with-allergan-plc-as-officials-in-washington-crack-down-on-corporate-inversions-p.md) _Context: corporate tax inversions_
9. [The Obama administration announces it is cancelling plans to permit drilling for oil and gas off the southeastern U.S. Atlantic coast. A new plan involves 10 potential lease sales in the Gulf of Mexico and three off the coast of Alaska. ](/news/2016/03/15/the-obama-administration-announces-it-is-cancelling-plans-to-permit-drilling-for-oil-and-gas-off-the-southeastern-u-s-atlantic-coast-a-new.md) _Context: Obama-era_
10. [United States Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson says the Obama administration will announce a new terror alert system "in the coming days," that will better inform the public about threats to the United States. This will be the third terror alert system put in place since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks. ](/news/2015/12/7/united-states-homeland-security-secretary-jeh-johnson-says-the-obama-administration-will-announce-a-new-terror-alert-system-in-the-coming-d.md) _Context: Obama-era_
