### [2016-10-13](/news/2016/10/13/index.md)

# UNESCO declares the Western Wall an "Islamic site" and refrains from mentioning its connection to Jewish culture. Over half the voting countries chose to abstain. 

The historic UNESCO vote claims Temple Mount and the Western Wall are solely Muslim holy sites.


### Source:

1. [The International Business Times](http://www.ibtimes.com/palestine-wins-victory-against-israel-jerusalem-holy-site-declared-muslim-not-jewish-2431205)

### Related:

1. [Jakarta Governor Basuki Tjahaja Purnama (Ahok)  pleads not guilty  to charges of blaspheming Islam  during a September 27 campaign speech. Ahok is an  ethnic Chinese Christian. ](/news/2016/12/13/jakarta-governor-basuki-tjahaja-purnama-ahok-pleads-not-guilty-to-charges-of-blaspheming-islam-during-a-september-27-campaign-speech-a.md) _Context: Islam_
2. [Yoga, rumba and Nowruz are classified as 'treasures' by UNESCO. ](/news/2016/12/1/yoga-rumba-and-nowruz-are-classified-as-treasures-by-unesco.md) _Context: UNESCO_
3. [The Israeli ultra-orthodox party Shas proposes a bill that would thwart the mixed prayer area at Western Wall by placing the site under the jurisdiction of the Chief Rabbinate; if approved, a NIS 10,000 fine would be given to those engaging in male-female prayer or women wrapping themselves in the traditional talit or laying tefillin. ](/news/2016/11/29/the-israeli-ultra-orthodox-party-shas-proposes-a-bill-that-would-thwart-the-mixed-prayer-area-at-western-wall-by-placing-the-site-under-the.md) _Context: Western Wall_
4. [The far-right mayor of the Hungarian border village of Asotthalom, Laszlo Toroczkai, bans the open expression of Islam, including the construction of mosques and wearing of veils and headscarves, and the promotion of same-sex marriages. ](/news/2016/11/25/the-far-right-mayor-of-the-hungarian-border-village-of-asotthalom-la-szla3-toroczkai-bans-the-open-expression-of-islam-including-the-con.md) _Context: Islam_
5. [UNESCO's executive board approves the "Occupied Palestine" resolution which reaffirms the cultural heritage of Palestine, especially East Jerusalem, and criticizes certain Israeli actions regarding the Palestinian territories. For the land in Jerusalem where the Al-Aqsa Mosque stands, the board uses only Islamic naming terms without also mentioning Jewish or Christian historical references. ](/news/2016/10/18/unesco-s-executive-board-approves-the-occupied-palestine-resolution-which-reaffirms-the-cultural-heritage-of-palestine-especially-east-je.md) _Context: UNESCO_
6. [Protesters rally against Islam and immigration in several European cities amid growing tensions over the massive influx of asylum-seekers to the continent. ](/news/2016/02/6/protesters-rally-against-islam-and-immigration-in-several-european-cities-amid-growing-tensions-over-the-massive-influx-of-asylum-seekers-to.md) _Context: Islam_
7. [Satellite images released by the Associated Press reveal the historic Saint Elijah's Monastery near the Iraqi city of Mosul, the oldest Christian monastery in Iraq that predates Islam, has been completely razed by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. ](/news/2016/01/20/satellite-images-released-by-the-associated-press-reveal-the-historic-saint-elijah-s-monastery-near-the-iraqi-city-of-mosul-the-oldest-chri.md) _Context: Islam_
8. [The Republican Speaker of the House Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell distance the party from presidential candidate Donald Trump's recent comments calling for a ban on Muslims entering the United States.  While not entering into a political fray - in view of U.S. partnerships with Muslim nations and Muslim personnel serving in the United States Armed Forces - the Pentagon press secretary calls anti-Muslim rhetoric a national security threat. ](/news/2015/12/9/the-republican-speaker-of-the-house-paul-ryan-and-senate-majority-leader-mitch-mcconnell-distance-the-party-from-presidential-candidate-dona.md) _Context: Islam_
9. [The governments of Somalia, Tajikistan and Brunei ban celebrations of Christmas, with punishments ranging up to a five-year jail term. Each country has a majority-Muslim population. ](/news/2015/12/23/the-governments-of-somalia-tajikistan-and-brunei-ban-celebrations-of-christmas-with-punishments-ranging-up-to-a-five-year-jail-term-each.md) _Context: Islam_
10. [Neither Syed Rizwan Farook nor his wife Tashfeen Malik  made open posts on social media regarding radical Islamic jihad or martyrdom prior to the attack, according to FBI Director James B. Comey. There were, however, direct, private messages to each other that did reflect this commitment. ](/news/2015/12/16/neither-syed-rizwan-farook-nor-his-wife-tashfeen-malik-made-open-posts-on-social-media-regarding-radical-islamic-jihad-or-martyrdom-prior-t.md) _Context: Islam_
