### [2016-10-13](/news/2016/10/13/index.md)

# Yemeni Crisis (2011-present). The U.S. military launches Tomahawk cruise missiles from the USS "Nitze" against Houthi-controlled radar sites in Yemen following two incidents in which, according to U.S. military, missiles were fired on United States Navy vessels in the Red Sea. 

The U.S. military launched cruise missile strikes on Thursday to knock out three coastal radar sites in areas of Yemen controlled by Iran-aligned Houthi forces, retaliating after failed missile attacks this week on a U.S. Navy destroyer, U.S. officials said.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/u-s-launches-strikes-yemen-after-missiles-aimed-american-ships-n665506?cid=eml_nbn_20161012)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-yemen-security-missiles-idUSKCN12C294)

### Related:

1. [Yemeni Crisis (2011-present). The United States Navy's destroyer USS "Mason" comes under missile attack in the Red Sea, off the coast of Yemen. The two missiles, fired from Yemeni territory controlled by Iranian-backed Houthis, impacted the water well before reaching the ship, according to Pentagon spokesman Captain Jeff Davis. ](/news/2016/10/9/yemeni-crisis-2011-present-the-united-states-navy-s-destroyer-uss-mason-comes-under-missile-attack-in-the-red-sea-off-the-coast-of-y.md) _Context: Houthi, Red Sea, United States Navy, Yemen, Yemeni Crisis (2011-present)_
2. [Yemeni Crisis (2011-present). The United States Navy's USS "Mason" is fired on for the third time in a week from territory controlled by Houthi forces in Yemen, while in international waters of the Red Sea. The ship deployed countermeasures and was not struck, according to U.S. officials. ](/news/2016/10/15/yemeni-crisis-2011-present-the-united-states-navy-s-uss-mason-is-fired-on-for-the-third-time-in-a-week-from-territory-controlled-by-h.md) _Context: Houthi, Red Sea, United States Navy, Yemen, Yemeni Crisis (2011-present)_
3. [Yemeni Civil War. Houthi forces launch rockets that hit and reportedly destroy HSV-2 "Swift", a military vessel belonging to the United Arab Emirates Navy, off the coast of Yemen, near the strategic Red Sea port of Mokha. ](/news/2016/10/1/yemeni-civil-war-houthi-forces-launch-rockets-that-hit-and-reportedly-destroy-hsv-2-swift-a-military-vessel-belonging-to-the-united-arab.md) _Context: Houthi, Red Sea, Yemen_
4. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen. At least 40 people, including several fishermen, are reportedly killed following Saudi-led coalition airstrikes on two islands off Yemen's Red Sea coast. Local fisherman reported coalition aircraft and warships struck the Aqban and Kadman islands targeting Houthi forces but also destroyed several boats killing local fishermen. ](/news/2015/10/24/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-at-least-40-people-including-several-fishermen-are-reportedly-killed-following-saudi-led-coalitio.md) _Context: Houthi, Red Sea, Yemen_
5. [Yemeni Crisis (2011-present). The Yemeni government in exile announces that it has reached a truce with the Houthi rebels. ](/news/2015/07/8/yemeni-crisis-2011-present-the-yemeni-government-in-exile-announces-that-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-houthi-rebels.md) _Context: Houthi, Yemen, Yemeni Crisis (2011-present)_
6. [Yemeni Crisis (2011-present). The Houthis come to a preliminary agreement to form a new government in Yemen. ](/news/2015/02/20/yemeni-crisis-2011-present-the-houthis-come-to-a-preliminary-agreement-to-form-a-new-government-in-yemen.md) _Context: Houthi, Yemen, Yemeni Crisis (2011-present)_
7. [Migrant crisis. At least 56 African migrants drown in the Red Sea while traveling from the Horn of Africa to Yemen. Human traffickers had forced 300 people aboard two boats into the sea. ](/news/2017/08/11/migrant-crisis-at-least-56-african-migrants-drown-in-the-red-sea-while-traveling-from-the-horn-of-africa-to-yemen-human-traffickers-had-fo.md) _Context: Red Sea, Yemen_
8. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen. An air raid kills at least 24 civilians at a market in Houthi-held Saada Governorate, Yemen. ](/news/2017/06/18/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-an-air-raid-kills-at-least-24-civilians-at-a-market-in-houthi-held-saada-governorate-yemen.md) _Context: Houthi, Yemen_
9. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present). A Saudi-led coalition airstrike on a market in Al Hudaydah Governorate, Yemen, kills at least 20 civilians and six Houthi militants. ](/news/2017/03/10/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-a-saudi-led-coalition-airstrike-on-a-market-in-al-hudaydah-governorate-yemen-kills-at-least-20-civilian.md) _Context: Houthi, Yemen_
10. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present). Coalition troops take control of the strategic Yemeni port city of Mocha after driving out Houthi forces. ](/news/2017/02/7/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-coalition-troops-take-control-of-the-strategic-yemeni-port-city-of-mocha-after-driving-out-houthi-forces.md) _Context: Houthi, Yemen_
