### [2014-08-14](/news/2014/08/14/index.md)

# Philippines President Benigno Aquino III announces that he plans to run for a second term in the 2016 election contrary to provisions on term limits in the constitution of the Philippines set up by his mother, Corazon Aquino. 

Philippine President BenignoAquino said on Wednesday he was considering constitutionalchanges including adjustment of term limits for officials thatmight allow him to serve a second six-year term.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://uk.mobile.reuters.com/article/idUKL4N0QJ4PU20140813?irpc=932)

### Related:

1. [The Philippine Commission on Elections disqualifies presidential frontrunner Grace Poe, who is a rival of Mar Roxas, the candidate favored by President Benigno Aquino III. The move is widely believed to be politically motivated. ](/news/2015/12/22/the-philippine-commission-on-elections-disqualifies-presidential-frontrunner-grace-poe-who-is-a-rival-of-mar-roxas-the-candidate-favored-b.md) _Context: Benigno Aquino III, Philippine, Philippine presidential election, 2016_
2. [Philippines President Benigno Aquino III holds his final State of the Nation Address before stepping down in 2016.  He advocates the passage of the Bangsamoro Basic Law and an anti-dynasty bill. ](/news/2015/07/27/philippines-president-benigno-aquino-iii-holds-his-final-state-of-the-nation-address-before-stepping-down-in-2016-he-advocates-the-passage.md) _Context: Benigno Aquino III, Philippine, Philippine presidential election, 2016_
3. [ The son of former Filipino President Corazon Aquino, Benigno Aquino III, announces his intention to run for the presidency. ](/news/2009/09/9/the-son-of-former-filipino-president-corazon-aquino-benigno-aquino-iii-announces-his-intention-to-run-for-the-presidency.md) _Context: Benigno Aquino III, Corazon Aquino, Philippine_
4. [The Supreme Court of the Philippines allows the electoral protest of defeated candidate  Bongbong Marcos against Philippine vice president  Leni Robredo to continue. ](/news/2017/02/16/the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-allows-the-electoral-protest-of-defeated-candidate-bongbong-marcos-against-philippine-vice-president.md) _Context: Philippine, Philippine presidential election, 2016_
5. [A panel formed by the Senate of the Philippines concludes that operations under Oplan Tokhang by the Philippine National Police is unconstitutional. ](/news/2016/12/8/a-panel-formed-by-the-senate-of-the-philippines-concludes-that-operations-under-oplan-tokhang-by-the-philippine-national-police-is-unconstit.md) _Context: Philippine, unconstitutional_
6. [''Philippines v. China''On his final day as President of the Philippines, Benigno Aquino III says he was right when he sued China over the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/06/29/philippines-v-china-pon-his-final-day-as-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-aquino-iii-says-he-was-right-when-he-sued-china-over-the.md) _Context: Benigno Aquino III, Philippine_
7. [  The Congress of the Philippines proclaims Rodrigo Duterte and Leni Robredo as President-elect and Vice President-elect of the Philippines, respectively. ](/news/2016/05/30/the-congress-of-the-philippines-proclaims-rodrigo-duterte-and-leni-robredo-as-president-elect-and-vice-president-elect-of-the-philippines.md) _Context: Philippine, Philippine presidential election, 2016_
8. [Celebrations are held to commemorate the 30th anniversary of the People Power Revolution in the Philippines that led to the downfall of dictator  Ferdinand Marcos' 21-year reign, and the rise of President Corazon Aquino. ](/news/2016/02/25/celebrations-are-held-to-commemorate-the-30th-anniversary-of-the-people-power-revolution-in-the-philippines-that-led-to-the-downfall-of-dict.md) _Context: Corazon Aquino, Philippine_
9. [United States President Barack Obama hosts a two-day summit in Rancho Mirage, California with leaders of the ASEAN member states, including democratically-elected Benigno Aquino III of the Philippines and Joko Widodo of Indonesia as well as autocratic rulers such as Hun Sen of Cambodia and Najib Razak of Malaysia. ](/news/2016/02/15/united-states-president-barack-obama-hosts-a-two-day-summit-in-rancho-mirage-california-with-leaders-of-the-asean-member-states-including.md) _Context: Benigno Aquino III, Philippine_
10. [Human rights activists and families of the victims decry the lack of justice six years after the murder of around 58 people, including journalists and politicians,  in Maguindanao, Mindanao. They criticize the regime of Philippines President Benigno Aquino III for the lack of convictions in the trial. ](/news/2015/11/23/human-rights-activists-and-families-of-the-victims-decry-the-lack-of-justice-six-years-after-the-murder-of-around-58-people-including-journ.md) _Context: Benigno Aquino III, Philippine_
