### [2014-08-14](/news/2014/08/14/index.md)

# War in Donbass:. Igor Girkin, a Russian citizen from Moscow and military commander of the Donetsk People's Republic rebellion, resigns, making it the third change at top of the rebel leadership of the past week. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/2014/08/14/uk-ukraine-crisis-strelkov-idUKKBN0GE1N420140814)

### Related:

1. [War in Donbass. Russia-Ukraine relations. A Ukrainian court sentences two Russian nationals to 14 years in prison each on charges of fighting alongside Russian-backed separatists in eastern Ukraine. Moscow contends that the two Russians were no longer employed by the state when they were captured. ](/news/2016/04/18/war-in-donbass-russia-ukraine-relations-a-ukrainian-court-sentences-two-russian-nationals-to-14-years-in-prison-each-on-charges-of-fight.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic, Moscow, War in Donbass_
2. [War in Donbass:. Rebel commander Igor Girkin confirms that Ukrainian government forces have recaptured control of the strategic town of Krasnyi Luch from pro-Russian insurgents, effectively closing in the Donetsk People's Republic rebellion. ](/news/2014/08/9/war-in-donbass-rebel-commander-igor-girkin-confirms-that-ukrainian-government-forces-have-recaptured-control-of-the-strategic-town-of-kras.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic, Igor Girkin, War in Donbass_
3. [War in Donbass. Donetsk People's Republic commander Mikhail Tolstykh, better known by his "nom de guerre" "Givi", is killed in a bomb blast in Makiivka, Donetsk Oblast. DPR officials blame the Security Service of Ukraine for the attack. ](/news/2017/02/8/war-in-donbass-donetsk-people-s-republic-commander-mikhail-tolstykh-better-known-by-his-nom-de-guerre-givi-is-killed-in-a-bomb-blast.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic, War in Donbass_
4. [War in Donbass. A bomb placed in an elevator shaft kills Pro-Russian, high-ranking officer of the Donetsk People's Republic's special forces, Arseny Pavlov, also known as "Motorola", in Donetsk. ](/news/2016/10/16/war-in-donbass-a-bomb-placed-in-an-elevator-shaft-kills-pro-russian-high-ranking-officer-of-the-donetsk-people-s-republic-s-special-forces.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic, War in Donbass_
5. [War in Donbass. Representatives of the Russian-backed Donetsk People's Republic in Eastern Ukraine say at least five civilians are killed by artillery fire at a checkpoint in the town of Olenivka, with another 10 injured. Kiev denies the accusation. A local border-guard spokesman says there was an explosion at the checkpoint but he saw no artillery fired from either side, suggesting the blast could have been a bomb. ](/news/2016/04/27/war-in-donbass-representatives-of-the-russian-backed-donetsk-people-s-republic-in-eastern-ukraine-say-at-least-five-civilians-are-killed-by.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic, War in Donbass_
6. [War in Donbass. The Ukrainian Army says eight of its soldiers were wounded in fighting against Russian-backed separatists in the east of the country during the previous 24 hours. A military spokesman said there had been 29 shelling incidents around Mariupol. ](/news/2016/04/13/war-in-donbass-the-ukrainian-army-says-eight-of-its-soldiers-were-wounded-in-fighting-against-russian-backed-separatists-in-the-east-of-the.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic, War in Donbass_
7. [Russia-United States relations, Syrian peace process. War in Donbass. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry leaves for Moscow for talks on Syria and Ukraine with Russian President Vladimir Putin and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on Wednesday. Kerry is also expected to discuss the case of Ukrainian pilot Nadiya Savchenko, who today was sentenced to 22 years in prison in the city of Donetsk. ](/news/2016/03/22/russia-united-states-relations-syrian-peace-process-war-in-donbass-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-leaves-for-moscow-for-talks-on-sy.md) _Context: Moscow, War in Donbass_
8. [War in Donbass. Portraits of former dictator Joseph Stalin go up in the city of Donetsk as the Donetsk People's Republic adopts more Soviet era policies. ](/news/2015/10/19/war-in-donbass-portraits-of-former-dictator-joseph-stalin-go-up-in-the-city-of-donetsk-as-the-donetsk-people-s-republic-adopts-more-soviet.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic, War in Donbass_
9. [War in Donbass. Alexander Zakharchenko, leader of the rebel Donetsk People's Republic said the insurgents had released two American aid workers. ](/news/2015/05/9/war-in-donbass-alexander-zakharchenko-leader-of-the-rebel-donetsk-people-s-republic-said-the-insurgents-had-released-two-american-aid-work.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic, War in Donbass_
10. [War in Donbass. The office of the President of Ukraine calls on the European Union and NATO to condemn the Russian-backed rebels for military action in Debaltseve. The self-proclaimed rebel government officials claim the town was not part of the recently established ceasefire. ](/news/2015/02/17/war-in-donbass-the-office-of-the-president-of-ukraine-calls-on-the-european-union-and-nato-to-condemn-the-russian-backed-rebels-for-militar.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic, War in Donbass_
