### [2015-09-19](/news/2015/09/19/index.md)

# 1Malaysia Development Berhad scandal. The Federal Bureau of Investigation launches an investigation of money laundering associated with the 1Malaysia Development Berhad sovereign wealth fund. 

The FBI opened an investigation into allegations of money laundering related to transfers of nearly $700 million to accounts allegedly belonging to the prime minister of Malaysia, according to a person familiar with the matter.


### Source:

1. [Wall Street Journal](http://www.wsj.com/articles/fbi-probes-malaysia-development-fund-1442694963?mod=djemalertAsianews)

### Related:

1. [1Malaysia Development Berhad scandal. The United States Justice Department launches an investigation of money laundering associated with the 1Malaysia Development Berhad sovereign wealth fund, as well as the purchase of luxury properties in New York involving shell companies linked to Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak's step-son Riza Aziz and businessman Jho Low. ](/news/2015/09/22/1malaysia-development-berhad-scandal-the-united-states-justice-department-launches-an-investigation-of-money-laundering-associated-with-the.md) _Context: 1Malaysia Development Berhad, 1Malaysia Development Berhad scandal, money laundering, sovereign wealth fund_
2. [ The FBI arrests 30 officials and rabbis in the U.S. state of New Jersey as part of a public corruption and international money laundering probe called Operation Bid Rig. Authorities also search a synagogue and remove several boxes. ](/news/2009/07/23/the-fbi-arrests-30-officials-and-rabbis-in-the-u-s-state-of-new-jersey-as-part-of-a-public-corruption-and-international-money-laundering-p.md) _Context: FBI, money laundering_
3. [Crime in Alaska. A woman is killed aboard the "Emerald Princess" cruise ship as it sails to a port of call in Juneau, Alaska, U.S. The passengers are detained while the FBI investigates. Authorities suspect the incident is related to domestic violence. ](/news/2017/07/26/crime-in-alaska-a-woman-is-killed-aboard-the-emerald-princess-cruise-ship-as-it-sails-to-a-port-of-call-in-juneau-alaska-u-s-the-passe.md) _Context: FBI_
4. [Corruption in Peru. Operation Car Wash. A court of Lima orders 18 months of pre-trial imprisonment for former president Ollanta Humala and his wife Nadine Heredia for alleged money laundering. Both have turned themselves in. ](/news/2017/07/14/corruption-in-peru-operation-car-wash-a-court-of-lima-orders-18-months-of-pre-trial-imprisonment-for-former-president-ollanta-humala-and-h.md) _Context: money laundering_
5. [Political appointments of Donald Trump. United States president Donald Trump announces lawyer Christopher A. Wray as his nominee to be director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ](/news/2017/06/7/political-appointments-of-donald-trump-united-states-president-donald-trump-announces-lawyer-christopher-a-wray-as-his-nominee-to-be-direc.md) _Context: FBI_
6. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections. Jared Kushner, son-in-law of and Senior Advisor to the President of the United States, is identified as a main focus of investigations into Russian ties by the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ](/news/2017/05/25/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-jared-kushner-son-in-law-of-and-senior-advisor-to-the-president-of-the-united-sta.md) _Context: FBI_
7. [The Federal Bureau of Investigation raids a Republican fundraising firm in Annapolis, Maryland. ](/news/2017/05/11/the-federal-bureau-of-investigation-raids-a-republican-fundraising-firm-in-annapolis-maryland.md) _Context: FBI_
8. [Shooting of Robert Godwin. The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/shooting-of-robert-godwin-the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-ex.md) _Context: FBI_
9. [Kidnapping of Elizabeth Thomas. The Federal Bureau of Investigation becomes involved in the search for Elizabeth Thomas and the manhunt for her suspected kidnapper, Tad Cummins. ](/news/2017/03/16/kidnapping-of-elizabeth-thomas-the-federal-bureau-of-investigation-becomes-involved-in-the-search-for-elizabeth-thomas-and-the-manhunt-for.md) _Context: FBI_
10. [Hillary Clinton email controversy. Federal Bureau of Investigation chief James Comey tells the United States Congress that he has found no evidence of criminality by Hillary Clinton in relation to a new batch of emails. ](/news/2016/11/6/hillary-clinton-email-controversy-federal-bureau-of-investigation-chief-james-comey-tells-the-united-states-congress-that-he-has-found-no-e.md) _Context: FBI_
