### [2015-09-19](/news/2015/09/19/index.md)

# Egypt's new Cabinet is sworn in before President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, a week after the previous administration resigned following a corruption scandal, and a month before parliamentary elections. The 33-member body has 16 new ministers, including two women. Sherif Ismail, petroleum minister in the last cabinet, is the new prime minister. 

Egypt&#039;s new Cabinet was sworn in before President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi at the Presidential Palace Saturday morning. Headed by former petroleum minister Sherif Ismail, the new Cabinet saw 16 replacements and includes 33 portfolios, down from 36 in the previous line-up. The ministries of health and population were merged as well as the ministries of&hellip;


### Source:

1. [Egyptian Streets](http://egyptianstreets.com/2015/09/19/egypts-new-government-announced-with-16-new-ministers/)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/09/19/us-egypt-government-idUSKCN0RJ06P20150919)

### Related:

1. [Egyptians residing abroad begin casting votes in the country's first parliamentary election since the 2013 military overthrow of President Mohamed Morsi. Embassies and consulates in 139 countries will be open for two days of voting. ](/news/2015/10/17/egyptians-residing-abroad-begin-casting-votes-in-the-country-s-first-parliamentary-election-since-the-2013-military-overthrow-of-president-m.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian President, Egyptian parliamentary election, 2015_
2. [An Egyptian court, while not final, reverses the decision by President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi to cede Tiran and Sanafir Island to Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2016/06/21/an-egyptian-court-while-not-final-reverses-the-decision-by-president-abdel-fattah-el-sisi-to-cede-tiran-and-sanafir-island-to-saudi-arabia.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian President_
3. [King of Saudi Arabia Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud announces, during his trip to Cairo, that a bridge crossing the Red Sea will be built, linking Egypt and Saudi Arabia. Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi says the bridge will be named after the Saudi monarch. A Saudi-Egypt Causeway project has been in the works for years. ](/news/2016/04/8/king-of-saudi-arabia-salman-bin-abdulaziz-al-saud-announces-during-his-trip-to-cairo-that-a-bridge-crossing-the-red-sea-will-be-built-lin.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian President_
4. [Egypt tries 237 activists, who face jail terms of up to three years, arrested for protesting without permits against President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi. Thousands demonstrated this month following the Sisi government's decision to hand over two uninhabited islands in the Straits of Tiran to Saudi Arabia. Human Rights Watch says at least 382 had been arrested. ](/news/2016/04/30/egypt-tries-237-activists-who-face-jail-terms-of-up-to-three-years-arrested-for-protesting-without-permits-against-president-abdel-fattah.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian President_
5. [Riot police violently break up an anti-Sisi protest in Cairo, Egypt. In the first sign of public discontent with President Sisi's rule, hundreds of people gathered and shouted slogans calling for his overthrow. ](/news/2016/04/15/riot-police-violently-break-up-an-anti-sisi-protest-in-cairo-egypt-in-the-first-sign-of-public-discontent-with-president-sisi-s-rule-hund.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian President_
6. [Two months after Egypt's Civil Aviation Ministry ruled out terrorism in Flight 9268's crash, President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi admits an ISIS bomb downed the Russian passenger jet. The terrorist group's Sinai Peninsula Branch claimed responsibility shortly after the incident. ](/news/2016/02/24/two-months-after-egypt-s-civil-aviation-ministry-ruled-out-terrorism-in-flight-9268-s-crash-president-abdel-fattah-el-sisi-admits-an-isis-b.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian President_
7. [Voters in many parts of Egypt including Cairo go to the polls for a parliamentary election. ](/news/2015/11/22/voters-in-many-parts-of-egypt-including-cairo-go-to-the-polls-for-a-parliamentary-election.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian parliamentary election, 2015_
8. [Voters in Egypt go to the polls for the first round of voting in long delayed parliamentary elections. ](/news/2015/10/18/voters-in-egypt-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-round-of-voting-in-long-delayed-parliamentary-elections.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian parliamentary election, 2015_
9. [Voters in Egypt will go to the polls for parliamentary elections starting in October 2015. ](/news/2015/08/30/voters-in-egypt-will-go-to-the-polls-for-parliamentary-elections-starting-in-october-2015.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian parliamentary election, 2015_
10. [An Egyptian court sentences former President Mohamed Morsi to life in prison for conspiring with foreign groups and upholds an earlier preliminary death sentence issued for a prison break. Muslim Brotherhood leader Khairat el-Shater and two others are given death sentences. ](/news/2015/06/16/an-egyptian-court-sentences-former-president-mohamed-morsi-to-life-in-prison-for-conspiring-with-foreign-groups-and-upholds-an-earlier-preli.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian President_
