### [2015-09-19](/news/2015/09/19/index.md)

# Islamist rebels execute 56 Syrian Army personnel following the capture of the Abu al-Duhur airbase in the Idlib Governorate according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. 

Islamist insurgents shoot dead 56 members of Syrian government forces in a mass execution at airbase captured from the army earlier this month in north-west Syria, says monitor


### Source:

1. [Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/middleeast/syria/11876573/Militants-execute-56-Syrian-regime-soldiers-at-captured-airbase.html)
2. [The News Hub](https://www.the-newshub.com/international/al-qaeda-captures-key-base-in-syria-and-carries-out-mass-executions-of-prisoners)

### Related:

1. [Airstrikes hit Darkush in Idlib Province near the Turkish border, killing at least 23 people, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. At least 25 died when rebels shelled government-held areas of Aleppo. Friday is the last day of a 72-hour Syrian Army-sponsored ceasefire. ](/news/2016/07/8/airstrikes-hit-darkush-in-idlib-province-near-the-turkish-border-killing-at-least-23-people-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
2. [Following Russian airstrikes, the Syrian army and allied Lebanese Hezbollah militia take control of a highland area in Idlib province close to insurgent-held positions, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2015/10/11/following-russian-airstrikes-the-syrian-army-and-allied-lebanese-hezbollah-militia-take-control-of-a-highland-area-in-idlib-province-close.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
3. [Rival fighters between Tahrir al-Sham and Jund al-Aqsa clash in Syria's northern Idlib Governorate, killing "dozens" according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2017/02/14/rival-fighters-between-tahrir-al-sham-and-jund-al-aqsa-clash-in-syria-s-northern-idlib-governorate-killing-dozens-according-to-the-syrian.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
4. [The Syrian Army says it is now in full control of the city of Aleppo following the evacuation of the last group of rebels to the Idlib Governorate. ](/news/2016/12/22/the-syrian-army-says-it-is-now-in-full-control-of-the-city-of-aleppo-following-the-evacuation-of-the-last-group-of-rebels-to-the-idlib-gover.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
5. [British-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a Save the Children maternity hospital in Kafr Takharim in rebel-held Idlib Governorate is hit by airstrikes. No report on casualties. SOHR also says at least five people are killed and more than 25 injured from airstrikes in another part of the northern Idlib countryside. ](/news/2016/07/29/british-based-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-save-the-children-maternity-hospital-in-kafr-takharim-in-rebel-held-idlib-govern.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
6. [Syrian Army troops surround the central prison in Hama after inmates revolted, seizing several guards. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says inmates were protesting against a planned transfer of prisoners from Hama to Sednaya Prison near Damascus. ](/news/2016/05/2/syrian-army-troops-surround-the-central-prison-in-hama-after-inmates-revolted-seizing-several-guards-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-righ.md) _Context: Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
7. [A Syrian Arab Air Force or Russian airstrike reportedly kills a dozen people at a market selling diesel fuel in the rebel-held Idlib Governorate. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says the death toll is likely to rise. ](/news/2016/03/7/a-syrian-arab-air-force-or-russian-airstrike-reportedly-kills-a-dozen-people-at-a-market-selling-diesel-fuel-in-the-rebel-held-idlib-governo.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
8. [Syrian troops advance into Palmyra on multiple fronts with the help of Russian airstrikes and take several neighbourhoods, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. However they were unable to encircle the city. ](/news/2016/03/26/syrian-troops-advance-into-palmyra-on-multiple-fronts-with-the-help-of-russian-airstrikes-and-take-several-neighbourhoods-according-to-the.md) _Context: Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
9. [Airstrikes by Syrian or Russian warplanes on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah in northern Syria, leaves at least 39 people dead, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. Airstrikes on the city of Palmyra and nearby villages are said to have killed at least 18 ISIL militants, as the Syrian Army advance on the city. ](/news/2016/03/19/airstrikes-by-syrian-or-russian-warplanes-on-isil-s-de-facto-capital-al-raqqah-in-northern-syria-leaves-at-least-39-people-dead-according.md) _Context: Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
10. [ISIL militants cut off the Syrian Army's main supply route to the city of Aleppo and capture the village of Khanasir, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2016/02/23/isil-militants-cut-off-the-syrian-army-s-main-supply-route-to-the-city-of-aleppo-and-capture-the-village-of-khanasir-according-to-the-syria.md) _Context: Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
