### [2015-09-19](/news/2015/09/19/index.md)

# The Federal Bureau of Investigation launches an investigation of money laundering associated with the 1Malaysia Development Berhad sovereign wealth fund. 

The FBI opened an investigation into allegations of money laundering related to transfers of nearly $700 million to accounts allegedly belonging to the prime minister of Malaysia, according to a person familiar with the matter.


### Source:

1. [Wall Street Journal](http://www.wsj.com/articles/fbi-probes-malaysia-development-fund-1442694963?mod=djemalertAsianews)

### Related:

1. [The United States Justice Department launches an investigation of money laundering associated with the 1Malaysia Development Berhad sovereign wealth fund, as well as the purchase of luxury properties in New York involving shell companies linked to Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak's step-son Riza Aziz and businessman Jho Low. ](/news/2015/09/22/the-united-states-justice-department-launches-an-investigation-of-money-laundering-associated-with-the-1malaysia-development-berhad-sovereig.md) _Context: 1Malaysia Development Berhad, 1Malaysia Development Berhad scandal, money laundering, sovereign wealth fund_
2. [ The FBI arrests 30 officials and rabbis in the U.S. state of New Jersey as part of a public corruption and international money laundering probe called Operation Bid Rig. Authorities also search a synagogue and remove several boxes. ](/news/2009/07/23/the-fbi-arrests-30-officials-and-rabbis-in-the-u-s-state-of-new-jersey-as-part-of-a-public-corruption-and-international-money-laundering-p.md) _Context: FBI, money laundering_
3. [The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-expands-beyond-ohio-with-the.md) _Context: FBI_
4. [The Federal Bureau of Investigation becomes involved in the search for Elizabeth Thomas and the manhunt for her suspected kidnapper, Tad Cummins. ](/news/2017/03/16/the-federal-bureau-of-investigation-becomes-involved-in-the-search-for-elizabeth-thomas-and-the-manhunt-for-her-suspected-kidnapper-tad-cum.md) _Context: FBI_
5. [Federal Bureau of Investigation chief James Comey tells the United States Congress that he has found no evidence of criminality by Hillary Clinton in relation to a new batch of emails. ](/news/2016/11/6/federal-bureau-of-investigation-chief-james-comey-tells-the-united-states-congress-that-he-has-found-no-evidence-of-criminality-by-hillary-c.md) _Context: FBI_
6. [Tens of thousands of people protest in the Malaysian capital Kuala Lumpur, calling for Prime Minister Najib Razak to step down amid an ongoing corruption scandal involving 1Malaysia Development Berhad. ](/news/2016/11/19/tens-of-thousands-of-people-protest-in-the-malaysian-capital-kuala-lumpur-calling-for-prime-minister-najib-razak-to-step-down-amid-an-ongoi.md) _Context: 1Malaysia Development Berhad_
7. [Judge Vivien Rose of London's High Court, finds in favor of Goldman Sachs, that the bank is not liable for the failure of highly speculative trades made by the sovereign wealth fund of Libya. ](/news/2016/10/15/judge-vivien-rose-of-london-s-high-court-finds-in-favor-of-goldman-sachs-that-the-bank-is-not-liable-for-the-failure-of-highly-speculative.md) _Context: sovereign wealth fund_
8. [U.S. officials are investigating the hacking of election system databases in Illinois and Arizona. The FBI alerted all  election officials nationwide about this issue earlier this month. ](/news/2016/08/29/u-s-officials-are-investigating-the-hacking-of-election-system-databases-in-illinois-and-arizona-the-fbi-alerted-all-election-officials-n.md) _Context: FBI_
9. [ A police officer from Bethel, Alaska, will be sentenced to prison for charges related to police brutality in a 2014 case involving an intoxicated man. The charges followed an investigation by the Federal Bureau of Investigations civil rights division. The former officer, Andrew Reid, was found to have used excessive force and lying on official police reports. The victim suffered a separated shoulder and other injuries. ](/news/2016/08/24/a-police-officer-from-bethel-alaska-will-be-sentenced-to-prison-for-charges-related-to-police-brutality-in-a-2014-case-involving-an-intox.md) _Context: FBI_
10. [''The New York Times'' reports its Moscow bureau was targeted this month by hackers, believed to be Russian. While there is no evidence that the hackers were successful, the FBI is investigating. ](/news/2016/08/23/the-new-york-times-reports-its-moscow-bureau-was-targeted-this-month-by-hackers-believed-to-be-russian-while-there-is-no-evidence-that.md) _Context: FBI_
