### [2007-09-18](/news/2007/09/18/index.md)

#  China confirms a bird flu outbreak in Guangzhou.




### Related:

1. [Authorities in China report four more critical cases of the H7N9 strain of bird flu, taking the total of known cases to seven. ](/news/2013/04/2/authorities-in-china-report-four-more-critical-cases-of-the-h7n9-strain-of-bird-flu-taking-the-total-of-known-cases-to-seven.md) _Context: Avian flu virus, China_
2. [Two people die in China from H7N9 avian influenza infection - a sub-type that had not previously been transmitted to humans. ](/news/2013/03/31/two-people-die-in-china-from-h7n9-avian-influenza-infection-a-a-sub-type-that-had-not-previously-been-transmitted-to-humans.md) _Context: Avian flu virus, China_
3. [China officially opens the world's longest high-speed rail route, which links Beijing and Guangzhou. ](/news/2012/12/26/china-officially-opens-the-world-s-longest-high-speed-rail-route-which-links-beijing-and-guangzhou.md) _Context: China, Guangzhou_
4. [ Avian influenza: China reports 2600 birds have died of the H5N1 virus near Hohhot, Inner Mongolia. ](/news/2005/10/19/avian-influenza-p-china-reports-2600-birds-have-died-of-the-h5n1-virus-near-hohhot-inner-mongolia.md) _Context: Avian flu virus, China_
5. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: China_
6. [A Chinese state company signs an order with Airbus for 100 A320 and 40 A350 airplanes. ](/news/2017/07/5/a-chinese-state-company-signs-an-order-with-airbus-for-100-a320-and-40-a350-airplanes.md) _Context: China_
7. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: China_
8. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: China_
9. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: China_
10. [A stalemate between China and India leads to fears that the ongoing stand-off over Doklam in the Himalayas, disputed by Bhutan, may continue into the winter. It comes after rumors that Indian National Security Adviser Ajit Doval may travel to Beijing later this month. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/beijing-wont-have-formal-talks-with-india-stand-off-may-continue-till-winter-chinese-expert/articleshow/59615025.cms (Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/16/a-stalemate-between-china-and-india-leads-to-fears-that-the-ongoing-stand-off-over-doklam-in-the-himalayas-disputed-by-bhutan-may-continue.md) _Context: China_
