### [2007-09-18](/news/2007/09/18/index.md)

#  Nuclear program of Iran: The United States is drafting a United Nations Security Council resolution calling for sanctions against Iran prior to discussions amongst the five permanent members. 




### Source:

1. [AFP](http://afp.google.com/article/ALeqM5gdPpLfJFLCqkT6_q3wDQLGA5G2dg)

### Related:

1. [Iran confirms it has executed nuclear scientist Shahram Amiri by hanging for treason. Iranian judiciary spokesman Gholam-Hossein Mohseni-Eje'i says Amiri was charged with spying for enemies of the Islamic Republic of Iran and that U.S. officials had been unaware that Iran was monitoring Amiri's efforts for the West. His body was returned to his family with rope marks around his neck. ](/news/2016/08/7/iran-confirms-it-has-executed-nuclear-scientist-shahram-amiri-by-hanging-for-treason-iranian-judiciary-spokesman-gholam-hossein-mohseni-eje.md) _Context: Iran, United States, nuclear scientist_
2. [Iran and weapons of mass destruction: Reuters reports the United States and its European allies have notified the UN that Iran's launching of nuclear-capable missiles violated United Nations Security Council resolution 2231 which endorsed the Iran deal, i.e., the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), last year. ](/news/2016/03/29/iran-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-reuters-reports-the-united-states-and-its-european-allies-have-notified-the-un-that-iran-s-launching-o.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations Security Council, United States_
3. [Nuclear program of Iran: The International Atomic Energy Agency states that Iran has complied with its commitments under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, paving the way for international sanctions to be lifted by the United States and European Union. ](/news/2016/01/16/nuclear-program-of-iran-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-states-that-iran-has-complied-with-its-commitments-under-the-joint-comprehen.md) _Context: Iran, United States, nuclear scientist_
4. [U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power says the United States is investigating reports that Iran launched a medium-range ballistic missile in November, and if confirmed, will bring the issue to the U.N. Security Council and seek appropriate action. ](/news/2015/12/8/u-s-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-samantha-power-says-the-united-states-is-investigating-reports-that-iran-launched-a-medium-range-balli.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations Security Council, United States_
5. [Nuclear program of Iran: The United Nations finds Iran's firing of a medium-range ballistic missile in October violated a June 2010 resolution banning the Islamic Republic from launches capable of delivering nuclear weapons. The test was not technically a violation of the July nuclear deal between Iran and six world powers. It's not known if the Security Council will take any action. ](/news/2015/12/15/nuclear-program-of-iran-the-united-nations-finds-iran-s-firing-of-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-in-october-violated-a-june-2010-resoluti.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations Security Council, nuclear scientist_
6. [The United States confirms Iran tested a medium-range missile capable of delivering a nuclear weapon, in "clear violation" of a United Nations Security Council ban on ballistic missile tests. ](/news/2015/10/16/the-united-states-confirms-iran-tested-a-medium-range-missile-capable-of-delivering-a-nuclear-weapon-in-clear-violation-of-a-united-natio.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations Security Council, United States_
7. [The United States announces that it will enforce sanctions on more than two dozen companies who assisted Iran with its nuclear program. ](/news/2013/12/12/the-united-states-announces-that-it-will-enforce-sanctions-on-more-than-two-dozen-companies-who-assisted-iran-with-its-nuclear-program.md) _Context: Iran, United States, nuclear scientist_
8. [Iran's former nuclear negotiator Hassan Rouhani enters the race to succeed President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, accusing the incumbent of needlessly incurring crippling economic sanctions. ](/news/2013/04/12/iran-s-former-nuclear-negotiator-hassan-rouhani-enters-the-race-to-succeed-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-accusing-the-incumbent-of-needless.md) _Context: Iran, nuclear scientist, sanctions_
9. [United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon urges Iran to comply with U.N. Security Council resolutions concerning the nuclear program of Iran, and implicitly criticises it for its Israel policy at a meeting of the Non-Aligned Movement. ](/news/2012/08/30/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-urges-iran-to-comply-with-u-n-security-council-resolutions-concerning-the-nuclear-program-of-i.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations Security Council, nuclear scientist_
10. [Iran and world powers, including the United States, Russia, and China, begin talks about Iran's nuclear program. ](/news/2012/04/14/iran-and-world-powers-including-the-united-states-russia-and-china-begin-talks-about-iran-s-nuclear-program.md) _Context: Iran, United States, nuclear scientist_
