### [2003-02-26](/news/2003/02/26/index.md)

#  Daniel Libeskind's design is announced as the winner and future occupant of the former World Trade Center site. The design includes an office building and a "Wedge of Light" which will honor the victims of the terrorist attacks by shutting down its lights between 8:46 am and 10:28 am EST every September 11. It will also use the WTC's foundations.




### Related:

1. [The Police Department of Everett, Washington, identifies and returns the American flag from the September 11 attacks to Ground Zero, the World Trade Center site in New York City. ](/news/2016/09/8/the-police-department-of-everett-washington-identifies-and-returns-the-american-flag-from-the-september-11-attacks-to-ground-zero-the-wor.md) _Context: Ground Zero_
2. [Pope Francis departs from Rome to begin his Apostolic Visit to Cuba. Francis will then visit the US. In the US, he will address a joint session of Congress (the first by an incumbent Pope), meet with President Obama, canonize Junipero Serra, tour a prison and the World Trade Center site, hold Masses in New York, Washington, and Philadelphia, and preside over the World Meeting of Families in Philadelphia. ](/news/2015/09/19/pope-francis-departs-from-rome-to-begin-his-apostolic-visit-to-cuba-francis-will-then-visit-the-us-in-the-us-he-will-address-a-joint-sess.md) _Context: Ground Zero_
3. [An agreement is reached allowing the completion of the US National September 11 Memorial & Museum on the World Trade Center site in New York City. ](/news/2012/09/10/an-agreement-is-reached-allowing-the-completion-of-the-us-national-september-11-memorial-museum-on-the-world-trade-center-site-in-new-york.md) _Context: Ground Zero_
4. [Memorial ceremonies are held at New York's Ground Zero and elsewhere in the United States, to commemorate the tenth anniversary of the September 11 attacks. Ceremonies are also held worldwide to mark the anniversary of the attacks. ](/news/2011/09/11/memorial-ceremonies-are-held-at-new-york-s-ground-zero-and-elsewhere-in-the-united-states-to-commemorate-the-tenth-anniversary-of-the-septe.md) _Context: Ground Zero_
5. [President of the United States Barack Obama visits the World Trade Center site in New York City to commemorate the victims of the September 11 attacks following the death of Osama bin Laden. ](/news/2011/05/5/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-visits-the-world-trade-center-site-in-new-york-city-to-commemorate-the-victims-of-the-september.md) _Context: Ground Zero_
6. [Thousands of people gather at Ground Zero of the September 11 attacks in New York to celebrate the news that Osama bin Laden has been killed. ](/news/2011/05/2/thousands-of-people-gather-at-ground-zero-of-the-september-11-attacks-in-new-york-to-celebrate-the-news-that-osama-bin-laden-has-been-killed.md) _Context: Ground Zero_
7. [Protesters against the Park51 project for an Islamic community center two blocks away from Ground Zero of the World Trade Center site gather in New York City. ](/news/2010/08/22/protesters-against-the-park51-project-for-an-islamic-community-center-two-blocks-away-from-ground-zero-of-the-world-trade-center-site-gather.md) _Context: Ground Zero_
8. [David Paterson, Governor of the U.S. state of New York, is to discuss relocating the controversial Park51 Islamic community centre and mosque near World Trade Center site in New York City. ](/news/2010/08/18/david-paterson-governor-of-the-u-s-state-of-new-york-is-to-discuss-relocating-the-controversial-park51-islamic-community-centre-and-mosqu.md) _Context: Ground Zero_
9. [Two major US TV networks, CBS and NBC, censor the "Kill the Ground Zero Mosque" advertisement by conservative group National Republican Trust which calls plans to erect a mosque near New York City's Ground Zero a "monstrosity". ](/news/2010/07/15/two-major-us-tv-networks-cbs-and-nbc-censor-the-kill-the-ground-zero-mosque-advertisement-by-conservative-group-national-republican-trus.md) _Context: Ground Zero_
10. [An 18th-Century wood-hulled ship is discovered at the World Trade Center site in Lower Manhattan, New York City. ](/news/2010/07/14/an-18th-century-wood-hulled-ship-is-discovered-at-the-world-trade-center-site-in-lower-manhattan-new-york-city.md) _Context: Ground Zero_
