### [2003-02-26](/news/2003/02/26/index.md)

#  Dr. Sami Al-Arian was terminated from his teaching position at the University of South Florida. USF President Judy Genshaft indicated that Dr. Al-Arian's non-academic activities created a conflict of interest with the University, and also cited items from Al-Arian's 50-count indictment. A representative from the American Association of University Professors indicated that the AAUP does not feel that due process was followed in Al-Arian's case, and that the organization will likely formally censure USF at its June meeting.




### Related:

1. [ University of South Florida computer engineering professor Dr. Sami Al-Arian was arrested by the FBI after he and seven others were indicted on 50 terrorism-related charges. United States Attorney General John Ashcroft alleged at a news conference that Al-Arian is the North American leader of the Palestinian Islamic Jihad.](/news/2003/02/20/university-of-south-florida-computer-engineering-professor-dr-sami-al-arian-was-arrested-by-the-fbi-after-he-and-seven-others-were-indicte.md) _Context: Sami Al-Arian, University of South Florida_
2. [In Tampa, Florida, former University of South Florida football player Elkino Watson is killed and Desmon Watson, another former player, is injured after an early morning stabbing after an argument broke out outside a nightclub in Ybor City. ](/news/2015/09/6/in-tampa-florida-former-university-of-south-florida-football-player-elkino-watson-is-killed-and-desmon-watson-another-former-player-is-i.md) _Context: University of South Florida_
3. [ U.S. college football: On the heels of last week's historic AP Poll shakeup, another one of comparable size occurs, in which four Top Ten teams and eleven ranked teams overall move down the list or off the poll entirely. LSU receives first place from all 65 sports critics, the first time that has occurred for any team since December 2006. #2 California earns its highest rank since 1951, #4 Boston College earns its highest showing since 1984, and #5 South Florida continues its ascent after first moving into the AP Poll three weeks ago. ](/news/2007/10/7/u-s-college-football-on-the-heels-of-last-week-s-historic-ap-poll-shakeup-another-one-of-comparable-size-occurs-in-which-four-top-ten-t.md) _Context: University of South Florida_
4. [ U.S. college football: The new AP Poll results are released, with nine of the ten ranked teams that lost this past weekend either dropping further down the list or out of the poll completely. LSU rose to #1 for the first time since 1959, Kentucky and Boston College rise into the Top Ten for the first time since 1977 and 1992, respectively, and South Florida ascends into the Top Ten for the first time ever. ](/news/2007/09/30/u-s-college-football-the-new-ap-poll-results-are-released-with-nine-of-the-ten-ranked-teams-that-lost-this-past-weekend-either-dropping.md) _Context: University of South Florida_
5. [ Two Egyptian students at the University of South Florida are indicted for carrying explosive materials across state lines with one indicted for terrorism charges. ](/news/2007/08/31/two-egyptian-students-at-the-university-of-south-florida-are-indicted-for-carrying-explosive-materials-across-state-lines-with-one-indicted.md) _Context: University of South Florida_
6. [ Sami Al-Arian, the former university professor convicted of funneling money to Palestinian Islamic Jihad, ends his hunger strike to protest his imprisonment, after 60 days. ](/news/2007/03/23/sami-al-arian-the-former-university-professor-convicted-of-funneling-money-to-palestinian-islamic-jihad-ends-his-hunger-strike-to-protest.md) _Context: Sami Al-Arian_
7. [ The wife of Sami Al-Arian, a former university professor convicted by a United States district court of funneling money to Islamic Jihad, fears for his life as his hunger strike to protest his imprisonment enters its 58th day. ](/news/2007/03/20/the-wife-of-sami-al-arian-a-former-university-professor-convicted-by-a-united-states-district-court-of-funneling-money-to-islamic-jihad-f.md) _Context: Sami Al-Arian_
