### [2003-02-26](/news/2003/02/26/index.md)

#  North Korea nuclear weapons program: Officials from the United States state that North Korea reactivated a reactor at its main nuclear complex.




### Related:

1. [North Korea nuclear weapons program: North Korean Vice Foreign Minister Choe Su-hon announces at the UN General Assembly that it has turned plutonium from 8,000 spent fuel rods into nuclear weapons as a deterrent against the U.S. nuclear threat. Six-nation talks on the nuclear issue, which were due to have resumed before October, have been suspended. Analysts believe North Korea has ruled out further talks until after the U.S. presidential election in November. ](/news/2004/09/28/north-korea-nuclear-weapons-program-north-korean-vice-foreign-minister-choe-su-hon-announces-at-the-un-general-assembly-that-it-has-turned.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea nuclear weapons program_
2. [ North Korea crisis: The United States says it is willing to give North Korea security assurances in exchange for a nuclear standdown. U.S. President Bush rules out a non-aggression treaty demanded by Pyongyang.](/news/2003/10/19/north-korea-crisis-the-united-states-says-it-is-willing-to-give-north-korea-security-assurances-in-exchange-for-a-nuclear-standdown-u-s.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea nuclear weapons program_
3. [ Nuclear program: North Korea announces that it is in possession of nuclear weapons, has the means to deliver them, and will soon be carrying out a nuclear test to demonstrate this capability.](/news/2003/08/28/nuclear-program-north-korea-announces-that-it-is-in-possession-of-nuclear-weapons-has-the-means-to-deliver-them-and-will-soon-be-carryin.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea nuclear weapons program_
4. [ North Korea agrees to multilateral talks in its nuclear standoff with Japan, South Korea, Russia, The United States, and the People's Republic of China.](/news/2003/08/1/north-korea-agrees-to-multilateral-talks-in-its-nuclear-standoff-with-japan-south-korea-russia-the-united-states-and-the-people-s-repub.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea nuclear weapons program_
5. [ A Bush administration official announces that the United States, People's Republic of China, and North Korea will meet in Beijing from April 23 to April 24 to discuss North Korea's suspected nuclear weapons program. The United States had refused bilateral discussions with North Korea since October 2002, insisting on multinational talks. The United States will be represented by Assistant Secretary of State James Kelly.](/news/2003/04/16/a-bush-administration-official-announces-that-the-united-states-people-s-republic-of-china-and-north-korea-will-meet-in-beijing-from-apri.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea nuclear weapons program_
6. [The Philippines suspends trade relations with North Korea to comply with a recent United Nations Security Council resolution over its repeated missile tests. ](/news/2017/09/8/the-philippines-suspends-trade-relations-with-north-korea-to-comply-with-a-recent-united-nations-security-council-resolution-over-its-repeat.md) _Context: North Korea_
7. [Mexico expels the ambassador of North Korea in the country over the recent nuclear weapons testing. ](/news/2017/09/7/mexico-expels-the-ambassador-of-north-korea-in-the-country-over-the-recent-nuclear-weapons-testing.md) _Context: North Korea_
8. [A 6.3 magnitude earthquake is detected near the Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site in Kilju County, North Korea, after North Korea tests its sixth and most powerful nuclear weapon to date. North Korean state media claims the country tested a hydrogen bomb that can be fitted on an ICBM. ](/news/2017/09/3/a-6-3-magnitude-earthquake-is-detected-near-the-punggye-ri-nuclear-test-site-in-kilju-county-north-korea-after-north-korea-tests-its-sixth.md) _Context: North Korea_
9. [U.S. President Donald Trump defends U.S. sovereignty and threatens to "totally destroy" North Korea if it attacks the U.S. or its allies. ](/news/2017/09/19/u-s-president-donald-trump-defends-u-s-sovereignty-and-threatens-to-totally-destroy-north-korea-if-it-attacks-the-u-s-or-its-allies.md) _Context: North Korea_
10. [A North Korean missile flies over Hokkaido, Japan, triggering the J-Alert system, following a similar event on 29 August. ](/news/2017/09/15/a-north-korean-missile-flies-over-hokkaido-japan-triggering-the-j-alert-system-following-a-similar-event-on-29-august.md) _Context: North Korea_
