### [2003-02-26](/news/2003/02/26/index.md)

#  Saddam Hussein, in an interview with Dan Rather, rules out exile as an option. He calls for dialogue with United States president George W. Bush, and suggests that the two should engage in a televised debate.




### Related:

1. [ Saddam Hussein aims to sue Tony Blair and George W. Bush for crimes against Iraq. ](/news/2006/02/4/saddam-hussein-aims-to-sue-tony-blair-and-george-w-bush-for-crimes-against-iraq.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Saddam Hussein_
2. [ "The Sun", the largest selling British tabloid newspaper, publishes more surreptitiously taken pictures of Saddam Hussein, while claiming to condemn the leaking of the first photographs. Other pictures also published show the imprisoned Ali Hassan al-Majid ("Chemical Ali") and Huda Salih Mahdi Ammash ("Mrs Anthrax"). President Bush intervenes to support an investigation into the leaking of the photos. ](/news/2005/05/21/the-sun-the-largest-selling-british-tabloid-newspaper-publishes-more-surreptitiously-taken-pictures-of-saddam-hussein-while-claiming-t.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Saddam Hussein_
3. [ Appearing before the US Senate Armed Services Committee, Charles Duelfer, head of the Iraq Survey Group announces that the group found no evidence that Iraq under Saddam Hussein had produced any weapons of mass destruction since 1991, when UN sanctions were imposed. This directly contradicts the main argument used by the George W. Bush administration for invading Iraq in 2003. ](/news/2004/10/6/appearing-before-the-us-senate-armed-services-committee-charles-duelfer-head-of-the-iraq-survey-group-announces-that-the-group-found-no-e.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Saddam Hussein_
4. [ Jimmy Carter, former US president and 2002 Nobel Peace Prize winner, vehemently condemns George W. Bush and Tony Blair for waging an unnecessary war "based upon lies and misinterpretations" in order to oust Saddam Hussein. He claims that Blair had allowed his better judgment to be swayed by Bush's desire to finish a war that his father had started. ](/news/2004/03/21/jimmy-carter-former-us-president-and-2002-nobel-peace-prize-winner-vehemently-condemns-george-w-bush-and-tony-blair-for-waging-an-unnece.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Saddam Hussein_
5. [ U.S. President George W. Bush announces the formation of the Iraq Intelligence Commission, an independent, bipartisan inquiry presidential commission to probe into prewar intelligence regarding weapons of mass destruction leading up to the decision to invade Iraq. Former Iraq Survey Group chief David Kay, who searched for weapons in Iraq, meets with Bush at the White House and maintains that Bush was right to go to war in Iraq and characterizes the Saddam Hussein regime as "far more dangerous than even we anticipated" when it was thought he had WMDs ready to deploy. (See rationale for the Iraq War and Senate Report on Pre-war Intelligence on Iraq)](/news/2004/02/2/u-s-president-george-w-bush-announces-the-formation-of-the-iraq-intelligence-commission-an-independent-bipartisan-inquiry-presidential.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Saddam Hussein_
6. [Congressman Jim McDermott suggests that George W. Bush timed the capture of Saddam Hussein for political gain. ](/news/2003/12/16/congressman-jim-mcdermott-suggests-that-george-w-bush-timed-the-capture-of-saddam-hussein-for-political-gain.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Saddam Hussein_
7. [ An audio-tape, purportedly from Saddam Hussein, airs on the Dubai station al-Arabiya. The CIA later informs that it is probably not the voice of Saddam Hussein. At least two loud blasts echo across Baghdad after dark on Sunday night. Top Iraqi scientist Dr. Modher Sadeq-Saba al-Tamimi flees to Iran. After eight months without work, and with no clear plans from the occupying Coalition, the scientist seeks work abroad. Iranian officials deny the claims. In the United Kingdom, Tony Blair faces the "electoral poison" of U.S. President George W. Bush's state visit next week.](/news/2003/11/16/an-audio-tape-purportedly-from-saddam-hussein-airs-on-the-dubai-station-al-arabiya-the-cia-later-informs-that-it-is-probably-not-the-voi.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Saddam Hussein_
8. [ War on Terrorism: President Bush, speaking to American Legion veterans convention, defends the Iraq policy, declaring the United States had hit terrorism in overthrowing the government of Saddam Hussein. President Bush vows ""no retreat"" from Iraq. President Bush also states that the United States may carry out other pre-emptive strikes.](/news/2003/08/26/war-on-terrorism-president-bush-speaking-to-american-legion-veterans-convention-defends-the-iraq-policy-declaring-the-united-states-had.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Saddam Hussein_
9. [ The intelligence service of the United States says that the CIA's head, George Tenet, accepted President George W. Bush's speech in January, which included wrong information of Iraq's plans to buy uranium from Africa. The office of Prime Minister Tony Blair responded that it stands by its belief that Saddam Hussein attempted to buy African uranium, claiming that it cannot share its information with the United States because it comes from "foreign intelligence sources."](/news/2003/07/12/the-intelligence-service-of-the-united-states-says-that-the-cia-s-head-george-tenet-accepted-president-george-w-bush-s-speech-in-january.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Saddam Hussein_
10. [ US invasion of Iraq: President George W. Bush announces in a televised speech that Iraqi President Saddam Hussein and his sons have 48 hours to leave Iraq, or the United States will initiate preemptive military action against Iraq.](/news/2003/03/17/us-invasion-of-iraq-president-george-w-bush-announces-in-a-televised-speech-that-iraqi-president-saddam-hussein-and-his-sons-have-48-hour.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Saddam Hussein_
