### [2003-02-26](/news/2003/02/26/index.md)

#  The House of Commons saw the largest rebellion by MPs from any governing party in Britain for at least 100 years. 122 MPs from the ruling Labour party were among 199 from all parties who voted to add the phrase ""[This House] finds the case for military action against Iraq as yet unproven"" to a government motion. The motion itself endorsed UN Security Council Resolution 1441 and supported ""... the Government's continuing efforts in the UN to disarm Iraq of its weapons of mass destruction.""




### Related:

1. [The United Kingdom House of Commons passes the Scotland Bill devolving powers to Scotland. ](/news/2015/11/9/the-united-kingdom-house-of-commons-passes-the-scotland-bill-devolving-powers-to-scotland.md) _Context: United Kingdom House of Commons_
2. [The United Kingdom House of Commons passes a bill to conduct a planned referendum on the United Kingdom's continued membership in the European Union. ](/news/2015/09/7/the-united-kingdom-house-of-commons-passes-a-bill-to-conduct-a-planned-referendum-on-the-united-kingdom-s-continued-membership-in-the-europe.md) _Context: United Kingdom House of Commons_
3. [Voters in the United Kingdom go to the polls for a general election with the Conservative Party winning a narrow majority in the House of Commons after the election. ](/news/2015/05/7/voters-in-the-united-kingdom-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-with-the-conservative-party-winning-a-narrow-majority-in-the-house-of-co.md) _Context: United Kingdom House of Commons_
4. [Nigel Evans, a deputy speaker of the United Kingdom House of Commons, is arrested for allegedly raping two men. ](/news/2013/05/4/nigel-evans-a-deputy-speaker-of-the-united-kingdom-house-of-commons-is-arrested-for-allegedly-raping-two-men.md) _Context: United Kingdom House of Commons_
5. [George Galloway of the Respect Party wins the United Kingdom House of Commons constituency of Bradford West in a by-election. ](/news/2012/03/29/george-galloway-of-the-respect-party-wins-the-united-kingdom-house-of-commons-constituency-of-bradford-west-in-a-by-election.md) _Context: United Kingdom House of Commons_
6. [Members of the United Kingdom House of Commons discuss a Labour Party proposal to set up a public inquiry into the News of the World phone hacking affair. ](/news/2011/07/6/members-of-the-united-kingdom-house-of-commons-discuss-a-labour-party-proposal-to-set-up-a-public-inquiry-into-the-news-of-the-world-phone-h.md) _Context: United Kingdom House of Commons_
7. [Voters in the UK parliamentary constituency of Belfast West go to the polls for a by-election to replace Gerry Adams, who is now serving in the Parliament of Ireland representing Louth. ](/news/2011/06/9/voters-in-the-uk-parliamentary-constituency-of-belfast-west-go-to-the-polls-for-a-by-election-to-replace-gerry-adams-who-is-now-serving-in.md) _Context: United Kingdom House of Commons_
8. [Members of the United Kingdom House of Commons vote to hold a referendum on May 5 to replace the first-past-the-post system with the alternative vote. ](/news/2010/11/2/members-of-the-united-kingdom-house-of-commons-vote-to-hold-a-referendum-on-may-5-to-replace-the-first-past-the-post-system-with-the-alterna.md) _Context: United Kingdom House of Commons_
9. [ A United Nations panel reports that Iraq's al-Samoud 2 missiles, disclosed by Iraq to weapons inspectors in December, have a range of 180&nbsp;km (above the 150&nbsp;km limit allowed by the UN), splitting opinion over whether they breach UNSCR 1441.](/news/2003/02/13/a-united-nations-panel-reports-that-iraq-s-al-samoud-2-missiles-disclosed-by-iraq-to-weapons-inspectors-in-december-have-a-range-of-180-n.md) _Context: UN Security Council Resolution 1441_
