### [2003-02-26](/news/2003/02/26/index.md)

#  US plan to invade Iraq: Hans Blix stated that Iraq still had not made a "fundamental decision" to disarm, despite recent signs of increased cooperation. Specifically, Iraq refused to destroy its al-Samoud 2 long range missiles&mdash;a weapon system that was in violation of the UN Security Council's resolutions and the US treaty with Iraq. These missiles are deployed and mobile. Also, an R-400 aerial bomb was found that could possibly contain biological agents. Given this find, the UN Inspectors have requested access to the Al-Aziziyah weapons range to verify that all 155 R-400 bombs can be accounted for and proven destroyed.




### Related:

1. [ US plan to invade Iraq: The United States, Britain and Spain present to the UN Security Council a much-anticipated second resolution stating that Iraq "has failed to take the final opportunity" to disarm, but does not include deadlines or an explicit threat of military force. Meanwhile, France, Germany, and Russia offer a counter-proposal calling for peaceful disarmament through further inspections. Sometime reporter Jeff Gannon, actual name James Guckert, signs in at the White House for the first time, according to Secret Service White House access logs obtained through FOIA by Representatives John Conyers (D-MI) and Louise Slaughter (D-NY).](/news/2003/02/25/us-plan-to-invade-iraq-the-united-states-britain-and-spain-present-to-the-un-security-council-a-much-anticipated-second-resolution-statin.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, UN Security Council_
2. [ A United Nations panel reports that Iraq's al-Samoud 2 missiles, disclosed by Iraq to weapons inspectors in December, have a range of 180&nbsp;km (above the 150&nbsp;km limit allowed by the UN), splitting opinion over whether they breach UNSCR 1441.](/news/2003/02/13/a-united-nations-panel-reports-that-iraq-s-al-samoud-2-missiles-disclosed-by-iraq-to-weapons-inspectors-in-december-have-a-range-of-180-n.md) _Context: Al-Samoud 2, rocket attacks_
3. [ Israel's Foreign Ministry announces that it is "reducing" ties with some of the UN Security Council countries that voted to pass United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334. ](/news/2016/12/27/israel-s-foreign-ministry-announces-that-it-is-reducing-ties-with-some-of-the-un-security-council-countries-that-voted-to-pass-united-nat.md) _Context: UN Security Council_
4. [In compliance with recent UN Security Council resolutons, President Yoweri Museveni of Uganda announces an end to security and military cooperation with North Korea. ](/news/2016/05/29/in-compliance-with-recent-un-security-council-resolutons-president-yoweri-museveni-of-uganda-announces-an-end-to-security-and-military-coop.md) _Context: UN Security Council_
5. [The Iranian-funded Shi'ite Al-Mukhtar Army claims responsibility for Thursday's deadly rocket attacks near the Baghdad International Airport that killed 23 members of an exiled Iranian opposition group, the People's Mujahedin of Iran. ](/news/2015/10/30/the-iranian-funded-shi-ite-al-mukhtar-army-claims-responsibility-for-thursday-s-deadly-rocket-attacks-near-the-baghdad-international-airport.md) _Context: rocket attacks_
6. [NBC Nightly News anchorman Brian Williams begins a temporary hiatus from broadcasting after he was caught lying about having been on board an underfire helicopter which crashed during the 2003 invasion of Iraq. ](/news/2015/02/7/nbc-nightly-news-anchorman-brian-williams-begins-a-temporary-hiatus-from-broadcasting-after-he-was-caught-lying-about-having-been-on-board-a.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq_
7. ["NBC Nightly News" suspends American newsreader Brian Williams from broadcasting for six months for exaggerating a story about his personal experiences on a helicopter during the 2003 invasion of Iraq. ](/news/2015/02/10/nbc-nightly-news-suspends-american-newsreader-brian-williams-from-broadcasting-for-six-months-for-exaggerating-a-story-about-his-personal.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq_
8. [Panamanian authorities seize North Korean bulk carrier "Chong Chon Gang" after a missile is found on board. The captain of the ship, which was en route from Cuba, attempted to commit suicide.](/news/2013/07/16/panamanian-authorities-seize-north-korean-bulk-carrier-chong-chon-gang-after-a-missile-is-found-on-board-the-captain-of-the-ship-which-w.md) _Context: rocket attacks_
9. [Three missiles launched by the Syrian army crash into residential areas of Syria's northern city of Aleppo, killing at least 29 civilians and injuring 150 others. ](/news/2013/02/22/three-missiles-launched-by-the-syrian-army-crash-into-residential-areas-of-syria-s-northern-city-of-aleppo-killing-at-least-29-civilians-an.md) _Context: rocket attacks_
10. [Argentina, Australia, Luxembourg, Rwanda and South Korea join the UN Security Council. ](/news/2013/01/1/argentina-australia-luxembourg-rwanda-and-south-korea-join-the-un-security-council.md) _Context: UN Security Council_
