### [2012-07-13](/news/2012/07/13/index.md)

# A federal judge in Alabama sentences Ulugbek Kodirov, an Uzbek national, to 15 years in prison for plotting to kill Barack Obama. 

An Uzbek man who came to America pursuing an Ivy League medical degree but wound up working seven days a week at a mall kiosk in Alabama was sentenced to more than 15 years in prison Friday for ...


### Source:

1. [ABC](http://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/federal-judge-alabama-sentences-uzbek-man-15-years-16773960#.UABzJ0vUyuR)
2. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/us/2012/07/13/uzbek-man-gets-more-than-15-years-for-obama-threat/)

### Related:

1. [An Uzbek man Ulugbek Kodirov pleads guilty to plotting with the Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan to assassinate President of the United States Barack Obama in a hearing in Birmingham, Alabama. ](/news/2012/02/10/an-uzbek-man-ulugbek-kodirov-pleads-guilty-to-plotting-with-the-islamic-movement-of-uzbekistan-to-assassinate-president-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: Alabama, Obama, Ulugbek Kodirov_
2. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. President Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: Obama_
3. [The governor of the State of Alabama, Robert Bentley, wins a court victory halting impeachment proceedings that were set to begin Monday to determine whether he should remain in office after it was discovered that he had a romantic relationship with a staffer. ](/news/2017/04/7/the-governor-of-the-state-of-alabama-robert-bentley-wins-a-court-victory-halting-impeachment-proceedings-that-were-set-to-begin-monday-to.md) _Context: Alabama_
4. [The Alabama Ethics Commission finds there is probable cause that Governor Robert Bentley violated the state's ethics and campaign finance laws, and refers the case to  Montgomery County District Attorney Daryl Bailey. ](/news/2017/04/6/the-alabama-ethics-commissiona-finds-there-is-probable-cause-that-governor-robert-bentley-violated-the-state-s-ethics-and-campaign-finance-l.md) _Context: Alabama_
5. [U.S. President Donald Trump accuses former President Barack Obama of wiretapping Trump Tower the month before the 2016 presidential election but offers no evidence to support his claim. A spokesman for President Obama rejects these claims. ](/news/2017/03/4/u-s-president-donald-trump-accuses-former-president-barack-obama-of-wiretapping-trump-tower-the-month-before-the-2016-presidential-election.md) _Context: Obama_
6. [United States Secretary of State Rex Tillerson says he thinks the longer term status of president Bashar al-Assad is to be "decided by the Syrian people". This appears as a policy shift, since under president Barack Obama's administration, the United States made the departure of Assad a key policy aim. ](/news/2017/03/30/united-states-secretary-of-state-rex-tillerson-says-he-thinks-the-longer-term-status-of-president-bashar-al-assad-is-to-be-decided-by-the-s.md) _Context: Obama_
7. [U.S. President Trump signs an executive order undoing former President Obama's climate change policies. ](/news/2017/03/28/u-s-president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-undoing-former-president-obama-s-climate-change-policies.md) _Context: Obama_
8. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _Context: Obama_
9. [An AMBER Alert is issued in Tennessee and Alabama for Elizabeth Thomas, who is believed to have been kidnapped by her former high school teacher Tad Cummins. ](/news/2017/03/14/an-amber-alert-is-issued-in-tennessee-and-alabama-for-elizabeth-thomas-who-is-believed-to-have-been-kidnapped-by-her-former-high-school-tea.md) _Context: Alabama_
10. [United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions requests the resignations of 46 Barack Obama-era chief federal prosecutors, including United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York Preet Bharara, who was previously told to stay on by then President-elect Donald Trump in November. ](/news/2017/03/10/united-states-attorney-general-jeff-sessions-requests-the-resignations-of-46-barack-obama-era-chief-federal-prosecutors-including-united-st.md) _Context: Obama_
