### [2012-07-13](/news/2012/07/13/index.md)

# Canada announces it will establish an embassy in Myanmar after the country's widespread democratic reform, says Foreign Affairs Minister John Baird. 

Foreign Affairs Minister John Baird said today that Canada will open an embassy in Burma following historic elections earlier this year.


### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/news/politics/story/2012/07/13/pol-baird-burma-democracy-aid.html)

### Related:

1. [Myanmar tops the 2015 Charities Aid Foundation's World Giving Index which measures each country's charitable behavior. Individuals indicate whether they have donated money, volunteered, or helped a stranger in the past month. The United States, which tied with Myanmar last year, is second, followed by New Zealand, Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Sri Lanka, Ireland, and Malaysia. ](/news/2015/11/10/myanmar-tops-the-2015-charities-aid-foundation-s-world-giving-index-which-measures-each-country-s-charitable-behavior-individuals-indicate.md) _Context: Canada, Myanmar_
2. [John Baird resigns as the Canadian Minister of Foreign Affairs. ](/news/2015/02/3/john-baird-resigns-as-the-canadian-minister-of-foreign-affairs.md) _Context: Canada, John Baird_
3. [Canada-Iran relations:: Canada closes its embassy in Iran and orders all Iranian diplomatic staff out of Canada, citing Iran's support for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, Iran's "among the worst" human rights record, its lack of respect for the Vienna conventions, its nuclear program and the security of Canadian diplomatic personnel. It sees Iran as the world's "most significant threat to global peace and security." Minister of foreign affairs Baird says the Canadian government files Iran as a "state sponsor of terrorism" under the Canadian ](/news/2012/09/7/canada-iran-relations-canada-closes-its-embassy-in-iran-and-orders-all-iranian-diplomatic-staff-out-of-canada-citing-iran-s-support-for.md) _Context: Canada, John Baird_
4. [Canada's Transportation Minister John Baird orders an inquiry after a video surfaces showing two figures boarding a flight without showing their faces. ](/news/2010/08/3/canada-s-transportation-minister-john-baird-orders-an-inquiry-after-a-video-surfaces-showing-two-figures-boarding-a-flight-without-showing-t.md) _Context: Canada, John Baird_
5. [Rohingya insurgency in Western Myanmar: 2016-17 Northern Rakhine State clashes: Government officials in Myanmar report that 12 security personnel (ten policemen, one soldier and one immigration officer) and 59 Rohingya insurgents were killed overnight during coordinated attacks by insurgents on at least 26 police posts and an army base in Rakhine State. ](/news/2017/08/25/rohingya-insurgency-in-western-myanmar-2016-17-northern-rakhine-state-clashes-government-officials-in-myanmar-report-that-12-security-pe.md) _Context: Myanmar_
6. [2016-17 Rohingya persecution in Myanmar: A mob of at least a hundred Rakhine Buddhists in Sittwe, Rakhine State, Myanmar, attack seven Rohingya men from Dapaing Camp for internally displaced persons, killing one and severely injuring another. The Rohingya men were being escorted by police to Sittwe's docks to purchase boats, but were attacked despite armed guards being present. ](/news/2017/07/4/2016-17-rohingya-persecution-in-myanmar-a-mob-of-at-least-a-hundred-rakhine-buddhists-in-sittwe-rakhine-state-myanmar-attack-seven-roh.md) _Context: Myanmar_
7. [Freedom of religion in Canada: Winston Blackmore and James Oler, leaders of a polygamist Mormon sect in Canada, are convicted. ](/news/2017/07/24/freedom-of-religion-in-canada-winston-blackmore-and-james-oler-leaders-of-a-polygamist-mormon-sect-in-canada-are-convicted.md) _Context: Canada_
8. [FIRST Robotics Competition: Six teenagers, four males and two females, from a Burundi robotics team are reported missing after competing in the FIRST Global Robotics Competition in Washington, D.C. A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year old girl reportedly crossed the United States border into Canada. There is no indication of foul play. ](/news/2017/07/20/first-robotics-competition-six-teenagers-four-males-and-two-females-from-a-burundi-robotics-team-are-reported-missing-after-competing-in.md) _Context: Canada_
9. [Canada Day: Canada celebrates the sesquicentennial (150-year) anniversary of the Canadian Confederation. ](/news/2017/07/1/canada-day-canada-celebrates-the-sesquicentennial-150-year-anniversary-of-the-canadian-confederation.md) _Context: Canada_
10. [A state of emergency is declared in Montreal, Canada as 1,200 Canadian Forces personnel are deployed in the province of Quebec to help with rising floodwaters. 146 communities are affected and more than 1,500 residents have been evacuated from their homes. ](/news/2017/05/7/a-state-of-emergency-is-declared-in-montreal-canada-as-1-200-canadian-forces-personnel-are-deployed-in-the-province-of-quebec-to-help-with.md) _Context: Canada_
