### [2012-07-13](/news/2012/07/13/index.md)

# John Terry is found not guilty of racially abusing Anton Ferdinand. 




### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/football/2012/jul/13/john-terry-cleared-anton-ferdinand?newsfeed=true)

### Related:

1. [The Football Association removes John Terry as captain of the England national football team over allegations of racial abuse of Anton Ferdinand during a match. ](/news/2012/02/3/the-football-association-removes-john-terry-as-captain-of-the-england-national-football-team-over-allegations-of-racial-abuse-of-anton-ferdi.md) _Context: Anton, John Terry_
2. [England national football team and Chelsea captain John Terry faces charges at the Westminster Magistrates' Court in London that he used an ethnic slur against QPR defender Anton Ferdinand during a match in October. ](/news/2012/02/1/england-national-football-team-and-chelsea-captain-john-terry-faces-charges-at-the-westminster-magistrates-court-in-london-that-he-used-an.md) _Context: Anton, John Terry_
3. [John Terry, the captain of the England football team is to face criminal charges over allegations he used racist language towards a black player during a Premier League game. ](/news/2011/12/21/john-terry-the-captain-of-the-england-football-team-is-to-face-criminal-charges-over-allegations-he-used-racist-language-towards-a-black-pl.md) _Context: John Terry, racist_
4. [The Hong Kong Football Association is fined for not preventing an alleged racist incident against fans of the Philippine national football team in 2013. ](/news/2014/01/20/the-hong-kong-football-association-is-fined-for-not-preventing-an-alleged-racist-incident-against-fans-of-the-philippine-national-football-t.md) _Context: racist_
5. [Football Against Racism in Europe (FARE), a pan-European anti-racism group, reports England's football fans to FIFA over racist chants roared throughout last Friday's World Cup qualifying match in San Marino. Among the chants were songs referring to the IRA and Second World War and a ditty calling for Anton and Rio Ferdinand to be tossed on a bonfire. England face a heavy fine as punishment and the prospect of further sanctions, such as playing qualifiers behind closed doors. ](/news/2013/03/28/football-against-racism-in-europe-fare-a-pan-european-anti-racism-group-reports-england-s-football-fans-to-fifa-over-racist-chants-roare.md) _Context: Anton_
6. [UEFA Euro 2012:UEFA Euro 2012's off-day is dominated by the fall-out of yesterday's ghost goal scored by Ukraine against England, with John Terry hooking the ball from behind the goal line after a shot by Marko Devic under the eyes of the additional assistant beside the goal. ](/news/2012/06/20/uefa-euro-2012-puefa-euro-2012-s-off-day-is-dominated-by-the-fall-out-of-yesterday-s-ghost-goal-scored-by-ukraine-against-england-with-john.md) _Context: John Terry_
7. [UEFA Euro 2012:The debate surrounding goal-line technology resurfaces as co-hosts Ukraine are denied an apparent goal in controversial circumstances against England, with John Terry hooking the ball from behind the goal line after a shot by Marko Devic under the eyes of the fifth official beside the goal. Wayne Rooney's header in the second half carries England through at the Donbass Arena in Donetsk. ](/news/2012/06/19/uefa-euro-2012-pthe-debate-surrounding-goal-line-technology-resurfaces-as-co-hosts-ukraine-are-denied-an-apparent-goal-in-controversial-circ.md) _Context: John Terry_
8. [In the UEFA Champions League semi-final, Chelsea pull off a remarkable comeback against FC Barcelona at the Camp Nou, coming back from two goals down despite having captain John Terry sent off, central defender Gary Cahill injured in the opening minutes and Didier Drogba's concession of a penalty to Lionel Messi which hits the crossbar. Chelsea are left without the suspended quartet of Terry, Ramires, Branislav Ivanovic and Raul Meireles for the final at the Allianz Arena. ](/news/2012/04/24/in-the-uefa-champions-league-semi-final-chelsea-pull-off-a-remarkable-comeback-against-fc-barcelona-at-the-camp-nou-coming-back-from-two-g.md) _Context: John Terry_
9. [Marcus Robinson, due to have been executed in 2007, is ordered off death row after North Carolina Superior Court Judge Gregory Weeks rules his trial was tainted by racial bias, grounds for cancellation of a death sentence under the state's Racial Justice Act. The judge used controversial statistical evidence of bias to grant the change of sentence. ](/news/2012/04/20/marcus-robinson-due-to-have-been-executed-in-2007-is-ordered-off-death-row-after-north-carolina-superior-court-judge-gregory-weeks-rules-h.md) _Context: racist_
10. [U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack Wednesday apologizes to Shirley Sherrod for firing her over a heavily-edited video tape of a speech, circulated by Tea Party activists, which alleged that Sherrod's actions were the result of racism, and offers her an official job. ](/news/2010/07/22/u-s-agriculture-secretary-tom-vilsack-wednesday-apologizes-to-shirley-sherrod-for-firing-her-over-a-heavily-edited-video-tape-of-a-speech.md) _Context: racist_
