### [2012-07-13](/news/2012/07/13/index.md)

# Mexico's presidential runner-up and PRD candidate, Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, files a lawsuit against Enrique Pena Nieto for alleged vote-buyings, biased media coverage, and manipulated opinion polls in the recent Mexican elections. 




### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2012/jul/13/mexico-presidential-lawsuit-pena-nieto?newsfeed=true)

### Related:

1. [In Mexico, the PRD candidate, Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, accuses the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) of using illicit funds and laundering money to finance the campaign of Enrique Pena Nieto, the president-elect in the recent presidential elections. The PRI denies the claims and retorts that Lopez Obrador is acting out of desperation and irrationality. ](/news/2012/07/18/in-mexico-the-prd-candidate-andra-c-s-manuel-la3pez-obrador-accuses-the-institutional-revolutionary-party-pri-of-using-illicit-funds-and.md) _Context: Andrés Manuel López Obrador, Enrique Peña Nieto, Mexican presidential elections, Party of the Democratic Revolution_
2. [Tens of thousands of people demonstrate in Mexico City over alleged vote buying in the country's presidential election, which saw Enrique Pena Nieto elected. ](/news/2012/07/8/tens-of-thousands-of-people-demonstrate-in-mexico-city-over-alleged-vote-buying-in-the-country-s-presidential-election-which-saw-enrique-pe.md) _Context: Enrique Peña Nieto, Mexican presidential elections_
3. [After a partial vote recount, Enrique Pena Nieto is confirmed as the winner of the 2012 Mexican presidential election ](/news/2012/07/6/after-a-partial-vote-recount-enrique-pea-a-nieto-is-confirmed-as-the-winner-of-the-2012-mexican-presidential-election.md) _Context: Enrique Peña Nieto, Mexican presidential elections_
4. [Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto cancels the meeting scheduled for next week with U.S. President Donald Trump, citing his plan to build a border wall between the two countries. ](/news/2017/01/26/mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-cancels-the-meeting-scheduled-for-next-week-with-u-s-president-donald-trump-citing-his-plan-to-build.md) _Context: Enrique Peña Nieto_
5. [Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto rejects the idea, announced by U.S. President Donald Trump, that Mexico would pay for any border wall between the United States and his country. ](/news/2017/01/25/mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-rejects-the-idea-announced-by-u-s-president-donald-trump-that-mexico-would-pay-for-any-border-wall.md) _Context: Enrique Peña Nieto_
6. [Luis Videgaray Caso resigns as Mexico's finance minister amid fallout over President Enrique Pena Nieto's controversial meeting with U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump in Mexico City. Videgaray is revealed to have been the main advocate of arranging the meeting. ](/news/2016/09/7/luis-videgaray-caso-resigns-as-mexico-s-finance-minister-amid-fallout-over-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-s-controversial-meeting-with-u-s-p.md) _Context: Enrique Peña Nieto_
7. [Mexico-United States relations U.S. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump meets with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto in Mexico City after accepting an invitation from him. ](/news/2016/08/31/mexicoaunited-states-relations-pu-s-republican-presidential-nominee-donald-trump-meets-with-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-in-mexi.md) _Context: Enrique Peña Nieto_
8. [North American Leaders' Summit aka the ''Three Amigos Summit''Takes place in Ottawa, Canada as US President Barack Obama and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto meet with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. President Obama later gives a special address to the Parliament of Canada. ](/news/2016/06/29/north-american-leaders-summit-aka-the-three-amigos-summit-ptakes-place-in-ottawa-canada-as-us-president-barack-obama-and-mexican-presid.md) _Context: Enrique Peña Nieto_
9. [Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto proposes legalizing marijuana for medical purposes and easing limits for personal use of the drug. He said he would be sending a bill to the Congress to increase the amount users can legally carry from the current five grams to 28 (0.18-1oz). The news comes just two days after he addressed the United Nations General Assembly at a special session on drug policy and is seen as a chance to re-think the current strategy of fighting drug-trafficking, especially in Mexico where the fighting has killed tens of thousands of people. ](/news/2016/04/22/mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-proposes-legalizing-marijuana-for-medical-purposes-and-easing-limits-for-personal-use-of-the-drug-he.md) _Context: Enrique Peña Nieto_
10. [Voters in Mexico go to the polls for a legislative election with reports of violence in southern states and widespread voter disillusionment. Exit polls show the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party of President Enrique Pena Nieto in a position to retain power. ](/news/2015/06/7/voters-in-mexico-go-to-the-polls-for-a-legislative-election-with-reports-of-violence-in-southern-states-and-widespread-voter-disillusionment.md) _Context: Enrique Peña Nieto_
