
Formats: [HTML](/news/2014/06/12/three-israeli-teenagers-were-kidnapped-by-palestinian-militants-the-israel-defense-forces-and-shin-bet-deployed-large-forces-through-the-we.html)  [JSON](/news/2014/06/12/three-israeli-teenagers-were-kidnapped-by-palestinian-militants-the-israel-defense-forces-and-shin-bet-deployed-large-forces-through-the-we.json)  [XML](/news/2014/06/12/three-israeli-teenagers-were-kidnapped-by-palestinian-militants-the-israel-defense-forces-and-shin-bet-deployed-large-forces-through-the-we.xml)  

### [2014-06-12](/news/2014/06/12/index.md)

##### Israel
# Three Israeli teenagers were kidnapped by Palestinian militants. The Israel Defense Forces and Shin-Bet deployed large forces through the West Bank in order to find and rescue them. ([http:--www.jpost.com-Defense-Names-of-missing-teenage-yeshiva-students-released-359317 Jerusalem Post])




### Related:

1. [The bodies of three kidnapped Israeli teenagers, including one with dual American citizenship, are found partially buried near Hebron on the West Bank. Shin Bet determined they were murdered shortly after being kidnapped, and is searching for two Hamas kidnappers and accomplices.](/news/2014/06/30/the-bodies-of-three-kidnapped-israeli-teenagers-including-one-with-dual-american-citizenship-are-found-partially-buried-near-hebron-on-the.md) _Context: 2014 kidnapping and murder of Israeli teenagers, Israel, West Bank_
2. [ An American demonstrator from the International Solidarity Movement is critically wounded by Israel's Defense Forces at the West Bank barrier. ](/news/2009/03/13/an-american-demonstrator-from-the-international-solidarity-movement-is-critically-wounded-by-israel-s-defense-forces-at-the-west-bank-barri.md) _Context: Israel, Israel Defense Forces, West Bank_
3. [ Israeli forces carry out a raid across parts of the West Bank town of Nablus. ](/news/2007/02/25/israeli-forces-carry-out-a-raid-across-parts-of-the-west-bank-town-of-nablus.md) _Context: Israel, Israel Defense Forces, West Bank_
4. [ Israeli troops, who are still in the process of withdrawing from Gaza, shoot dead a Palestinian teenager as he and about 50 others breach a fence around the evacuated Israeli settlement of Gush Katif and climbed atop of IDF tanks. [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-middle_east-4220914.stm (BBC)] [http:--www.haaretz.com-hasen-spages-621804.html (Haaretz)] The Israeli Minister for Education, Limor Livnat, has called on her government to expand Israeli settlements in the West Bank as "dividend" of the pullout of the Gaza Strip. [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-middle_east-4220300.stm (BBC)], [http:--www.imemc.org-index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13718&Itemid=1 (IMEMC)] The Israeli Housing Minister, Isaac Herzog, told Israel Radio that Israel does not intend to construct in E1 the area between the Maale Adumim Israeli settlement and Jerusalem in the coming years, adding that Israeli government statements to the contrary were part of the "internal conflict" at the Likud party. ([http:--www.imemc.org-index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13724&Itemid=1 IMEMC])](/news/2005/09/6/israeli-troops-who-are-still-in-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-gaza-shoot-dead-a-palestinian-teenager-as-he-and-about-50-others-breach-a.md) _Context: Israel, Israel Defense Forces, West Bank_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli airstrikes on Palestinian areas continue. IDF planes and artillery strike Gaza knocking out power to parts of the city, destroy a bridge in Beit Hanoun, fire missiles at a Fatah Youth Centre, an office and a refugee camp in the central Gaza Strip. Israeli troops later raided offices of Hamas and Islamic Jihad in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/28/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-areas-continue-idf-planes-and-artillery-strike-gaza-knocking-out-power-to.md) _Context: Israel, Israel Defense Forces, West Bank_
