### [2015-07-20](/news/2015/07/20/index.md)

# A huge explosion in the mostly Kurdish border town of Suruc,  Turkey, targeting The Socialist Youth Associations Federation, kills at least 31 people and injures over 100. Preliminary evidence suggests an ISIS suicide attack. 

A suspected female suicide attacker kills at least 30 people, most of university age, in the Turkish town of Suruc, near the Syrian border.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-33593615)
2. [The Daily Star](https://www.dailystar.com.lb/News/Middle-East/2015/Jul-20/307438-evidence-suggests-explosion-in-turkish-border-town-of-suruc-was-suicide-bombing-by-isis-two-senior.ashx)

### Related:

1. [Jordan declares its borders with Syria and Iraq are to be closed military zones following yesterday's suicide bomb attack in Rukban, Mafraq Governorate, that killed six soldiers. ](/news/2016/06/22/jordan-declares-its-borders-with-syria-and-iraq-are-to-be-closed-military-zones-following-yesterday-s-suicide-bomb-attack-in-rukban-mafraq.md) _Context: Spillover of the Syrian Civil War, suicide bomb attack_
2. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports at least eight people, including four children, are shot and killed, and another eight wounded by Turkish border guards. The group was trying to cross from northwestern Syria into Turkey's Hatay Province. ](/news/2016/06/18/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-at-least-eight-people-including-four-children-are-shot-and-killed-and-another-eight-wound.md) _Context: Spillover of the Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
3. [   Turkish shelling kills 55 Islamic State of Iraq and Syria insurgents in northern Syria in retaliation for rocket attacks on Kilis, a Turkish border town. ](/news/2016/05/8/turkish-shelling-kills-55-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-syria-insurgents-in-northern-syria-in-retaliation-for-rocket-attacks-on-kilis-a-turk.md) _Context: Spillover of the Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
4. [Turkey claims that its artillery fire together with U.S. air strikes killed more than 104 ISIL militants after rockets fired from northern Syria killed several people in the Turkish town of Kilis. ](/news/2016/05/28/turkey-claims-that-its-artillery-fire-together-with-u-s-air-strikes-killed-more-than-104-isil-militants-after-rockets-fired-from-northern-s.md) _Context: Spillover of the Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
5. [Mortar shells fired from Syria kill at least one person and injure another in the Turkish border town of Kilis. ](/news/2016/03/8/mortar-shells-fired-from-syria-kill-at-least-one-person-and-injure-another-in-the-turkish-border-town-of-kilis.md) _Context: Spillover of the Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
6. [Turkey's Interior Minister Efkan Ala says the results of the investigation into yesterday's bombing in Ankara will be made public later today.  Health Minister Mehmet Muezzinoglu says 125 people were transported to a hospital, with 19 in critical condition. Two Kurdish militants have been blamed for the bombing. ](/news/2016/03/14/turkeyas-interior-minister-efkan-ala-says-the-results-of-the-investigation-into-yesterday-s-bombing-in-ankara-will-be-made-public-later-to.md) _Context: Kurdish, Turkey_
7. [A Turkish soldier is killed following a clash on the Syria-Turkey border with an armed group trying to enter Turkey illegally. The Turkish military says the clash occurred in the Yayladagi district of the Hatay Province. ](/news/2016/02/15/a-turkish-soldier-is-killed-following-a-clash-on-the-syriaaturkey-border-with-an-armed-group-trying-to-enter-turkey-illegally-the-turkish.md) _Context: Spillover of the Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
8. [A rocket fired from ISIL-controlled territory in Syria's Aleppo Governorate, kills at least one person and injures another in the Turkish city of Kilis, close to the Syria-Turkey border. The Turkish military responded with artillery fire on ISIL positions. ](/news/2016/01/18/a-rocket-fired-from-isil-controlled-territory-in-syria-s-aleppo-governorate-kills-at-least-one-person-and-injures-another-in-the-turkish-ci.md) _Context: Spillover of the Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
9. [ISIS claims responsibility for the deaths of two Syrian refugee activists who fled to Sanliurfa, Turkey, raising concerns about the group's reach in countries outside of Syria and Iraq. Ibrahim Abdel Qader, a founder of Raqqa Is Being Slaughtered Silently, and Fares Hammadi are said to have been killed by an acquaintance posing as a defector from ISIS. ](/news/2015/11/3/isis-claims-responsibility-for-the-deaths-of-two-syrian-refugee-activists-who-fled-to-sanliurfa-turkey-raising-concerns-about-the-groupa.md) _Context: ISIS, Turkey_
10. [Turkey says a Russian warplane violated its airspace near the Syrian border, prompting the Turkish Air Force to scramble two F-16 fighter jets to intercept it. The Foreign Ministry summoned Russia's ambassador to protest the violation and urged Russia to avoid repeating such a violation, or it would be held "responsible for any undesired incident that may occur". ](/news/2015/10/5/turkey-says-a-russian-warplane-violated-its-airspace-near-the-syrian-border-prompting-the-turkish-air-force-to-scramble-two-f-16-fighter-je.md) _Context: Spillover of the Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
