### [2007-04-9](/news/2007/04/9/index.md)

#  Iraq War: Shia cleric Moqtada al-Sadr calls for an anti-American protest on the fourth anniversary of the overthrow of Saddam Hussein. Hundreds of thousands of Shias gather in Najaf for a demonstration calling for U.S.-led troops to leave Iraq. 

Gulf Times - Qatar’s top-selling English daily newspaper published in Qatar and provide the latest information on weather, currency rates, Prayer in addition to the latest developments in the political events, economic, sporting, cultural and artistic locally and internationally, and much much more


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/6537861.stm)
2. [Reuters via Gulf Times](http://www.gulf-times.com/site/topics/article.asp?cu_no=2&item_no=142685&version=1&template_id=42&parent_id=18)

### Related:

1. [ Iraq War: Heavy fighting rages in Basra as thousands of Iraqi troops battle Shia militants. ](/news/2008/03/25/iraq-war-heavy-fighting-rages-in-basra-as-thousands-of-iraqi-troops-battle-shia-militants.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraq War, Shia_
2. [ Shiite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr announces plans that his political movement intends to quit the Iraqi government in an attempt to press its demand for a timetable for U.S. withdrawal. ](/news/2007/04/15/shiite-cleric-moqtada-al-sadr-announces-plans-that-his-political-movement-intends-to-quit-the-iraqi-government-in-an-attempt-to-press-its-d.md) _Context: Iraq, Muqtada al-Sadr, cleric_
3. [ Trial of Saddam Hussein: An appeal court in Baghdad has rejected former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein's appeal against the death sentence handed down on November 5 for the 1982 killings of Shias in Dujail. By Iraqi law, the execution by hanging has to be carried out within 30 days after the announcement of the rejection. ](/news/2006/12/26/trial-of-saddam-hussein-an-appeal-court-in-baghdad-has-rejected-former-iraqi-leader-saddam-hussein-s-appeal-against-the-death-sentence-han.md) _Context: Iraq, Saddam Hussein, Shia_
4. [ The United States Senate states there is no evidence of formal links between Iraqi ex-leader Saddam Hussein and al-Qaeda leaders in Iraq prior to the 2003 Iraq War. ](/news/2006/09/8/the-united-states-senate-states-there-is-no-evidence-of-formal-links-between-iraqi-ex-leader-saddam-hussein-and-al-qaeda-leaders-in-iraq-pr.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraq War, Saddam Hussein_
5. [ Pentagon: It is alleged by a report that Russia gave intelligence information to Saddam Hussein's Iraq regarding American troop movements during the early stages of the Iraq War. ](/news/2006/03/24/pentagon-it-is-alleged-by-a-report-that-russia-gave-intelligence-information-to-saddam-hussein-s-iraq-regarding-american-troop-movements-d.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraq War, Saddam Hussein_
6. [ U.S.-led occupation of Iraq: Brigadier General Mark Hertling, a top US commander in charge of Najaf, Iraq, states "The Moqtada militia is militarily defeated. We have killed scores of them over the last few weeks, and that is in Najaf alone.&nbsp;... The militia have been defeated, or have left." US Coalition patrols and checkpoints are still active around Najaf and its twin city of Kufa, Iraq. ](/news/2004/06/6/u-s-led-occupation-of-iraq-brigadier-general-mark-hertling-a-top-us-commander-in-charge-of-najaf-iraq-states-the-moqtada-militia-is-m.md) _Context: Iraq, Muqtada al-Sadr, Najaf_
7. [ Iraqi Shia cleric Moqtada al-Sadr calls upon members of his Mahdi Army to return to their homes and end their attacks. ](/news/2004/06/16/iraqi-shia-cleric-moqtada-al-sadr-calls-upon-members-of-his-mahdi-army-to-return-to-their-homes-and-end-their-attacks.md) _Context: Iraq, Muqtada al-Sadr, Shia_
8. [ Baghdad office of Shiite leader Moqtada al-Sadr is surrounded by U.S. tanks and troops amid efforts to arrest the Iraqi cleric. Some 500 armed Sadr militia burn tires, forming roadblocks and promising jihad near the office. Snipers have also been placed in homes in the neighborhood in the Baghdad slum of Sadr City. ](/news/2004/04/7/baghdad-office-of-shiite-leader-moqtada-al-sadr-is-surrounded-by-u-s-tanks-and-troops-amid-efforts-to-arrest-the-iraqi-cleric-some-500-ar.md) _Context: Iraq, Muqtada al-Sadr, cleric_
9. [ Khalil Naimi, a senior Iranian diplomat in Iraq, is killed while driving to the Iranian diplomatic mission in Baghdad by three unknown assailants, who drove up and shot him. He died shortly afterwards and the motives for the killing are unknown. The killing could complicate the mission of an Iranian government delegation which is in Iraq trying to mediate in the standoff between Iraq Alliance troops and Muqtada al-Sadr's militia, led by the radical Shiite cleric who is fortified in the town of Najaf. ](/news/2004/04/15/khalil-naimi-a-senior-iranian-diplomat-in-iraq-is-killed-while-driving-to-the-iranian-diplomatic-mission-in-baghdad-by-three-unknown-assa.md) _Context: Iraq, Najaf, cleric_
10. [ A tape, purporting to be of Saddam Hussein and to have been made on June 14, is broadcast on Al Jazeera, the Arabic language satellite television station. If it is Saddam, it marks the first public communication from the former Iraqi leader since his disappearance early on in the Invasion of Iraq. The United States military captures Turkish military personnel and lead them away with hoods over their heads.](/news/2003/07/4/a-tape-purporting-to-be-of-saddam-hussein-and-to-have-been-made-on-june-14-is-broadcast-on-al-jazeera-the-arabic-language-satellite-tele.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraq War, Saddam Hussein_
