### [2007-04-9](/news/2007/04/9/index.md)

#  Ministers from natural gas exporting countries such as Russia, Kazakhstan and Iran meet in Doha, Qatar, prompting speculation that they might be looking at transforming the Gas Exporting Countries Forum into a cartel similar to OPEC. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/6538127.stm)

### Related:

1. [The meeting in Doha, Qatar, of the world's top oil producers, from both OPEC and non-OPEC countries, fails to agree on an output freeze. Oil analysts say  the failure was due to Iran's non-participation, and Saudi Arabia linking its cooperation  to Iran's inclusion. Oil prices drop in early Asian trading and on the New York Mercantile Exchange. ](/news/2016/04/18/the-meeting-in-doha-qatar-of-the-world-s-top-oil-producers-from-both-opec-and-non-opec-countries-fails-to-agree-on-an-output-freeze-oil.md) _Context: Doha, Iran, OPEC, Qatar_
2. [The second day of peace negotiations in Astana, Kazakhstan, end with the sponsors of the talks, Russia, Turkey and Iran, agreeing to set up commission between the three to monitor and enforce the fragile ceasefire to the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2017/01/24/the-second-day-of-peace-negotiations-in-astana-kazakhstan-end-with-the-sponsors-of-the-talks-russia-turkey-and-iran-agreeing-to-set-up.md) _Context: Iran, Kazakhstan, Russia_
3. [Members of OPEC meet in Doha, Qatar, amid uncertainty in the markets and the outcome of the meeting. Since 2014, the price of oil has dropped dramatically. Analysts hope that an agreement to freeze output will reassure global energy markets that the recent recovery in prices is sustainable. ](/news/2016/04/17/members-of-opec-meet-in-doha-qatar-amid-uncertainty-in-the-markets-and-the-outcome-of-the-meeting-since-2014-the-price-of-oil-has-droppe.md) _Context: Doha, OPEC, Qatar_
4. [Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and  North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress  are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea-both-chambers-of-the-u.md) _Context: Iran, Russia_
5. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Iran, Qatar_
6. [The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping-up-sanctions-against-russia-and-against-iran-language-in-the-mea.md) _Context: Iran, Russia_
7. [Iran sends five 90-tonne air cargo payloads of perishable food to Qatar. More shipments by air and sea are underway. ](/news/2017/06/11/iran-sends-five-90-tonne-air-cargo-payloads-of-perishable-food-to-qatar-more-shipments-by-air-and-sea-are-underway.md) _Context: Iran, Qatar_
8. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Iran, Russia_
9. [OPEC agrees to cut oil production by 1.2 million barrels a day. Key non-OPEC producers most notably Russia have also agreed to cut their production. Oil futures have risen by 9%. ](/news/2016/11/30/opec-agrees-to-cut-oil-production-by-1-2-million-barrels-a-day-key-non-opec-producers-most-notably-russia-have-also-agreed-to-cut-their-pro.md) _Context: OPEC, Russia_
10. [Iran confirms that Russia will stop using its Hamadan Airbase to launch attacks in Syria, saying Russia's use of Hamadan Airbase was "temporary, based on a Russian request," and that Russian operations are "finished for now". Iranian Defence Minister Hossein Dehghan earlier criticized Russia's announcement of its use of the base in Iran, saying "There has been a kind of showing-off and inconsiderate attitude behind the announcement of this news." ](/news/2016/08/22/iran-confirms-that-russia-will-stop-using-its-hamadan-airbase-to-launch-attacks-in-syria-saying-russia-s-use-of-hamadan-airbase-was-tempor.md) _Context: Iran, Russia_
