### [2005-08-27](/news/2005/08/27/index.md)

#  Nearly 1,000 detainees at the Abu Ghraib prison are released this week at the request of the Iraqi Government, the largest number of prisoners freed since the start of the war. 




### Related:

1. [ The notorious Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq is to close and its prisoners to be housed elsewhere, the U.S. military has said. ](/news/2006/03/9/the-notorious-abu-ghraib-prison-in-iraq-is-to-close-and-its-prisoners-to-be-housed-elsewhere-the-u-s-military-has-said.md) _Context: Abu Ghraib prison_
2. [ Iraq War: The American Civil Liberties Union releases documents obtained from the United States Army alleging the destruction of photographs documenting the army's abuse of prisoners in Iraq, following the exposure of the Abu Ghraib scandal. ([http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story2&u=/ap/20050218/ap_on_go_ca_st_pe/afghan_abuse AP]).](/news/2005/02/18/iraq-war-the-american-civil-liberties-union-releases-documents-obtained-from-the-united-states-army-alleging-the-destruction-of-photograph.md) _Context: Abu Ghraib prison_
3. [ U.S. Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld cancels his attendance at the Munich Security Conference in February due to a war crimes investigation filed against him in Germany by the New York-based Center for Constitutional Rights in connection with detainee abuses at Iraq's Abu Ghraib prison. ](/news/2005/01/22/u-s-defense-secretary-donald-rumsfeld-cancels-his-attendance-at-the-munich-security-conference-in-february-due-to-a-war-crimes-investigati.md) _Context: Abu Ghraib prison_
4. [ Abu Ghraib prisoner abuse: The US Army sentences Staff Sergeant Ivan Frederick to eight years in prison for sexually and physically abusing detainees at Abu Ghraib prison. ](/news/2004/10/21/abu-ghraib-prisoner-abuse-the-us-army-sentences-staff-sergeant-ivan-frederick-to-eight-years-in-prison-for-sexually-and-physically-abusing.md) _Context: Abu Ghraib prison_
5. [ High-level American military leaders are said to be at least partly responsible for abuses of Iraqi prisoners at Abu Ghraib prison in a report written by an investigative panel headed by James Schlesinger. ](/news/2004/08/24/high-level-american-military-leaders-are-said-to-be-at-least-partly-responsible-for-abuses-of-iraqi-prisoners-at-abu-ghraib-prison-in-a-rep.md) _Context: Abu Ghraib prison_
6. [ Iraqi prisoner abuse scandal: Two U.S. Marines, Pfc. Andrew J. Sting and Pfc. Jeremiah J. Trefney, have been jailed for between eight to twelve months after pleading guilty to prisoner abuse at Al Mahmudiya prison in Iraq which occurred after the events at Abu Ghraib prison. ](/news/2004/06/3/iraqi-prisoner-abuse-scandal-two-u-s-marines-pfc-andrew-j-sting-and-pfc-jeremiah-j-trefney-have-been-jailed-for-between-eight-to-tw.md) _Context: Abu Ghraib prison_
7. [ The White House releases a February 7, 2002, memo in which President George W. Bush ordered humane treatment of captured Taliban and al Qaeda fighters despite a Justice Department legal opinion that the Geneva Convention does not apply. Twenty-one other memos requested by Senate Democrats have not yet been released; no released memos address Iraq or Abu-Ghraib Prison. [http://msnbc.msn.com/ID/5259200/ (MSNBC)] [http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/A61651-2004Jun22.html (Memo)] Gordon B. Hinckley, 15th president of the LDS church, awarded presidential medal of Freedom from George W. Bush. The U.S. administration releases a U.S. Justice Department memo asserting that the legal opinion that the president had "the legal authority to order prisoners to be tortured". The memo indicates that Donald Rumsfeld denied approval to strongly coercive physical measures, but approved what has been described as "mild, noninjurious physical contact", and use of "detainee's individuals phobias (such as fear of dogs)". [http://www.voanews.com/article.cfm?objectID=287A07AA-33E4-42B5-A908D73E080FF8A3 (VOA)] [http://www.news24.com/News24/World/News/0,,2-10-1462_1546723,00.html (News24)] The U.S. administration asserts that it refused to permit the use of torture, even if to do so would be legally permissible.](/news/2004/06/23/the-white-house-releases-a-february-7-2002-memo-in-which-president-george-w-bush-ordered-humane-treatment-of-captured-taliban-and-al-qae.md) _Context: Abu Ghraib prison_
8. [ The International Committee of the Red Cross states that, over a period of some months, it has repeatedly requested that the United States take action on alleged prisoner abuse at Iraq's Abu Ghraib prison. ](/news/2004/05/6/the-international-committee-of-the-red-cross-states-that-over-a-period-of-some-months-it-has-repeatedly-requested-that-the-united-states.md) _Context: Abu Ghraib prison_
9. [ George W. Bush speaks on the Al Arabiya and Alhurra Arabic-language television networks, stating he was 'appalled' at the conduct of U.S. soldiers in Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq. ](/news/2004/05/5/george-w-bush-speaks-on-the-al-arabiya-and-alhurra-arabic-language-television-networks-stating-he-was-appalled-at-the-conduct-of-u-s-s.md) _Context: Abu Ghraib prison_
10. [ Abu Ghraib torture and prisoner abuse: Photographs showing Iraqi prisoners in the Abu Ghraib prison outside Baghdad being tortured, abused, humiliated by U.S. soldiers spark outrage around the world. Six soldiers face courts martial and their commanding officer is suspended. ](/news/2004/04/29/abu-ghraib-torture-and-prisoner-abuse-photographs-showing-iraqi-prisoners-in-the-abu-ghraib-prison-outside-baghdad-being-tortured-abused.md) _Context: Abu Ghraib prison_
