### [2010-09-4](/news/2010/09/4/index.md)

# Cabinet formation in the Netherlands; Informateur Ivo Opstelten informs Queen Beatrix that the coalition formation between the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD) and the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA) with support from the Party for Freedom (PVV) failed, after PVV leader Geert Wilders lost his confidence in the internal stability of the CDA parliamentary group after a letter of criticism was sent by CDA negotiator Ab Klink (CDA). 




### Source:

1. [NOS](http://nos.nl/dossier/163309-kabinetsformatie-2010/)

### Related:

1. [Cabinet formation in the Netherlands: The People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD) and the Christian Democratic Appeal inform informateur Ruud Lubbers of a possible new right-wing coalition cabinet between the two parties to form a minority government but with support of the Party for Freedom (PVV). ](/news/2010/07/30/cabinet-formation-in-the-netherlands-the-people-s-party-for-freedom-and-democracy-vvd-and-the-christian-democratic-appeal-inform-informat.md) _Context: Cabinet formation in the Netherlands, Christian Democratic Appeal, Informateur, Party for Freedom, People's Party for Freedom and Democracy_
2. [Cabinet formation in the Netherlands: The People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD), Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA) and Party for Freedom (PVV) complete the coalition formation after 111 days. ](/news/2010/09/29/cabinet-formation-in-the-netherlands-the-people-s-party-for-freedom-and-democracy-vvd-christian-democratic-appeal-cda-and-party-for-fr.md) _Context: Cabinet formation in the Netherlands, Christian Democratic Appeal, Party for Freedom, People's Party for Freedom and Democracy_
3. [Cabinet formation in the Netherlands: Ivo Opstelten, the chairman of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy, is appointed the new informateur, tasked with finalizing the formation of a right-wing minority coalition cabinet. ](/news/2010/08/4/cabinet-formation-in-the-netherlands-ivo-opstelten-the-chairman-of-the-people-s-party-for-freedom-and-democracy-is-appointed-the-new-info.md) _Context: Cabinet formation in the Netherlands, Informateur, Ivo Opstelten, People's Party for Freedom and Democracy_
4. [Geert Wilders, the leader of the Dutch far-right political party Party for Freedom, goes on trial again for making anti-Islam remarks. He is being accused of inciting hatred against the Moroccan-Dutch minority. ](/news/2016/03/18/geert-wilders-the-leader-of-the-dutch-far-right-political-party-party-for-freedom-goes-on-trial-again-for-making-anti-islam-remarks-he-is.md) _Context: Geert Wilders, Party for Freedom_
5. [Mark Rutte of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy is asked by Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands to become Prime Minister of the Netherlands leading a coalition government. ](/news/2010/10/7/mark-rutte-of-the-people-s-party-for-freedom-and-democracy-is-asked-by-queen-beatrix-of-the-netherlands-to-become-prime-minister-of-the-neth.md) _Context: Beatrix, People's Party for Freedom and Democracy_
6. [Cabinet formation in the Netherlands: Former Prime Minister Ruud Lubbers is appointed the new informateur for the formation of a new coalition cabinet. ](/news/2010/07/22/cabinet-formation-in-the-netherlands-former-prime-minister-ruud-lubbers-is-appointed-the-new-informateur-for-the-formation-of-a-new-coaliti.md) _Context: Cabinet formation in the Netherlands, Informateur_
7. [Cabinet formation in the Netherlands: Coalition meetings between People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD), Labour Party (PvdA), Democrats 66 (D66) and GreenLeft (GL) fails to form a new Purple government. ](/news/2010/07/20/cabinet-formation-in-the-netherlands-coalition-meetings-between-people-s-party-for-freedom-and-democracy-vvd-labour-party-pvda-democr.md) _Context: Cabinet formation in the Netherlands, People's Party for Freedom and Democracy_
8. [The Party for Freedom (PVV) of Geert Wilders becomes the largest political party in Almere and the second largest in The Hague. ](/news/2010/03/4/the-party-for-freedom-pvv-of-geert-wilders-becomes-the-largest-political-party-in-almere-and-the-second-largest-in-the-hague.md) _Context: Geert Wilders, Party for Freedom_
9. [ Elections for the House of Representatives, the lower house of parliament of the Netherlands. The Dutch Labour Party wins, but Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA) remains the largest party in parliament. Pim Fortuyn List loses. CDA and People's Party for Freedom and Democracy do not get a majority.](/news/2003/01/22/elections-for-the-house-of-representatives-the-lower-house-of-parliament-of-the-netherlands-the-dutch-labour-party-wins-but-christian-de.md) _Context: Christian Democratic Appeal, People's Party for Freedom and Democracy_
10. [Voters in the Netherlands go to the polls for a general election. Exit polls suggest that incumbent Prime Minister Mark Rutte's People's Party for Freedom and Democracy will win the most seats in the election. ](/news/2017/03/15/voters-in-the-netherlands-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-exit-polls-suggest-that-incumbent-prime-minister-mark-rutte-s-people-s-par.md) _Context: People's Party for Freedom and Democracy_
