### [2016-08-22](/news/2016/08/22/index.md)

# Ahmad al-Mahdi pleads guilty at the start of his trial before the International Criminal Court for the war crime of destroying cultural sites in Timbuktu. 

An Islamist rebel says he regrets destroying cultural and religious sites in Timbuktu, Mali, in a landmark trial at the International Criminal Court.


### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-africa-37152191)

### Related:

1. [The International Criminal Court sentences Ahmad al-Faqi al-Mahdi to nine years in jail for leading the destruction of nine of Timbuktu's mausoleums and the centuries-old door of the Malian city's Sidi Yahya Mosque. ](/news/2016/09/27/the-international-criminal-court-sentences-ahmad-al-faqi-al-mahdi-to-nine-years-in-jail-for-leading-the-destruction-of-nine-of-timbuktu-s-ma.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Timbuktu_
2. [Ahmad al-Faqi is transferred to the International Criminal Court to face trial for the war crime of directing the destruction of cultural sites in Timbuktu, Mali when the city was under the control of Islamist groups in 2012. ](/news/2015/09/26/ahmad-al-faqi-is-transferred-to-the-international-criminal-court-to-face-trial-for-the-war-crime-of-directing-the-destruction-of-cultural-si.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Timbuktu_
3. [International Criminal Court investigation in Mali: The International Criminal Court has ruled that Ahmad al-Faqi al-Mahdi is liable for about - 2.7 million in personal damages for the destruction of Timbuktu's heritage sites, and that the victims (including Mali itself and the international community) be paid "individual, collective, and symbolic" reparations. The Trust Fund for Victims is to decide until 16 February 2018 how the amount will be paid (the Court has also recognized that the penniless al-Mahdi would be unable to pay). ](/news/2017/08/17/international-criminal-court-investigation-in-mali-the-international-criminal-court-has-ruled-that-ahmad-al-faqi-al-mahdi-is-liable-for-abo.md) _Context: International Criminal Court_
4. [Libyan Civil War: The International Criminal Court issues an arrest warrant against Mahmoud al-Werfalli for the war crime of murder following the circulation of several videos in which he appears to oversee the execution of over 30 prisoners. ](/news/2017/08/15/libyan-civil-war-the-international-criminal-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-against-mahmoud-al-werfalli-for-the-war-crime-of-murder-followin.md) _Context: International Criminal Court_
5. [Gaddafi family: Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, son of late Muammar Gaddafi, is released in Zintan after requests from the eastern Libya-based government. He is sought by the International Criminal Court and was condemned to the death penalty by the Tripoli-based government. His whereabouts are now unknown. ](/news/2017/06/11/gaddafi-family-saif-al-islam-gaddafi-son-of-late-muammar-gaddafi-is-released-in-zintan-after-requests-from-the-eastern-libya-based-govern.md) _Context: International Criminal Court_
6. [Philippine Drug War: A Filipino lawyer files a complaint of "mass murder and crimes against humanity" against Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte and eleven other officials at the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2017/04/24/philippine-drug-war-a-filipino-lawyer-files-a-complaint-of-mass-murder-and-crimes-against-humanity-against-philippines-president-rodrigo.md) _Context: International Criminal Court_
7. [Imprisoned former Congolese warlord Germain Katanga is ordered by the International Criminal Court to pay reparations to some of his victims in the first such ruling by the court. ](/news/2017/03/24/imprisoned-former-congolese-warlord-germain-katanga-is-ordered-by-the-international-criminal-court-to-pay-reparations-to-some-of-his-victims.md) _Context: International Criminal Court_
8. [Former Congolese Vice President and warlord Jean-Pierre Bemba, sentenced last year by the International Criminal Court (ICC) to 18 years in prison for war crimes, is given an additional 12 months and fined 300,000 euros for bribing witnesses during an earlier ICC trial. The court also handed jail terms and fines for alleged interference in his trial to members of his legal team. ](/news/2017/03/22/former-congolese-vice-president-and-warlord-jean-pierre-bemba-sentenced-last-year-by-the-international-criminal-court-icc-to-18-years-in.md) _Context: International Criminal Court_
9. [South Africa's North Gauteng High Court rules the government's decision last October to withdraw from the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court was unconstitutional, and instructs the government to revoke its notice of withdrawal. ](/news/2017/02/22/south-africa-s-north-gauteng-high-court-rules-the-government-s-decision-last-october-to-withdraw-from-the-rome-statute-of-the-international.md) _Context: International Criminal Court_
10. [Kenya threatens to leave the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2016/12/12/kenya-threatens-to-leave-the-international-criminal-court.md) _Context: International Criminal Court_
