### [2016-08-22](/news/2016/08/22/index.md)

# Former President of France Nicolas Sarkozy officially declares his candidacy for president in 2017. 

Former leader says key issue for France is ‘how to defend our lifestyle without cutting ourselves off from the world’


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/aug/22/nicolas-sarkozy-declares-candidacy-french-presidential-election)
1. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/48c96d4a97577831d18d24cb532dc00cd8984f7f/372_156_3128_1877/3128.jpg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxNi8wNS8yNS9vdmVybGF5LWxvZ28tMTIwMC05MF9vcHQucG5n&amp;s=511fb341c14163b5b7ece79b519661c4)

### Related:

1. [Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy resigns as leader of The Republicans party and announces his candidacy for President again. ](/news/2016/07/3/former-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-resigns-as-leader-of-the-republicans-party-and-announces-his-candidacy-for-president-again.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France, last month's presidential election_
2. [Voters in France return to the polls for a run-off, to elect either Emmanuel Macron or Marine Le Pen as the new President of France.](/news/2017/05/7/voters-in-france-return-to-the-polls-for-a-run-off-to-elect-either-emmanuel-macron-or-marine-le-pen-as-the-new-president-of-france.md) _Context: President of France, last month's presidential election_
3. [Voting begins in territories and diplomatic missions west of Metropolitan France for the second round of the presidential election between Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen. ](/news/2017/05/6/voting-begins-in-territories-and-diplomatic-missions-west-of-metropolitan-france-for-the-second-round-of-the-presidential-election-between-e.md) _Context: President of France, last month's presidential election_
4. [France swears in Emmanuel Macron as the 25th President of France. ](/news/2017/05/14/france-swears-in-emmanuel-macron-as-the-25th-president-of-france.md) _Context: President of France, last month's presidential election_
5. [Former President of France Nicolas Sarkozy is ordered to stand trial for alleged campaign finance fraud during his failed 2012 presidential election campaign. ](/news/2017/02/7/former-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-is-ordered-to-stand-trial-for-alleged-campaign-finance-fraud-during-his-failed-2012-presidential.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
6. [Francois Hollande, the President of France, announces that he will not run in next year's presidential election. This leaves the selection of a candidate for the French Socialist Party wide open. ](/news/2016/12/1/franassois-hollande-the-president-of-france-announces-that-he-will-not-run-in-next-year-s-presidential-election-this-leaves-the-selection.md) _Context: President of France, last month's presidential election_
7. [A second-round runoff takes place in France between Francois Fillon and Alain Juppe to decide who will be the Republican presidential candidate in next year's presidential election. ](/news/2016/11/27/a-second-round-runoff-takes-place-in-france-between-franassois-fillon-and-alain-juppa-c-to-decide-who-will-be-the-republican-presidential-cand.md) _Context: The Republicans (France) presidential primary, 2016, last month's presidential election_
8. [The Republicans hold a primary election to select a candidate for next year's election. Partial results indicate that a second round of voting will occur with Francois Fillon and Alain Juppe as the two candidates in the second round. ](/news/2016/11/20/the-republicans-hold-a-primary-election-to-select-a-candidate-for-next-year-s-election-partial-results-indicate-that-a-second-round-of-voti.md) _Context: The Republicans (France) presidential primary, 2016, last month's presidential election_
9. [France's National Assembly votes to adopt a non-binding resolution to lift European Union sanctions against Russia, applied after Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014. Former President Nicolas Sarkozy's Republicans, as well as center-right and far-left groups voted in favor of lifting the sanctions, while the ruling Socialist Party and The Greens voted against the resolution. ](/news/2016/04/28/france-s-national-assembly-votes-to-adopt-a-non-binding-resolution-to-lift-european-union-sanctions-against-russia-applied-after-russia-s-a.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
10. [With most of the votes counted, the opposition conservatives of former president Nicolas Sarkozy's party win in six of the country's 13 regions and lead in the Paris region. The ruling Socialists of President Francois Hollande's party capture five regions. The winner in Corsica is not affiliated with a major party. France's far-right National Front (FN) fails to win a single region but did record its best showing in its history. Voter turnout was 58 percent. Definitive results are expected Monday. ](/news/2015/12/13/with-most-of-the-votes-counted-the-opposition-conservatives-of-former-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-party-win-in-six-of-the-countryas-13-re.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
