### [2016-08-22](/news/2016/08/22/index.md)

# Iran confirms that Russia will stop using its Hamadan Airbase to launch attacks in Syria, saying Russia's use of Hamadan Airbase was "temporary, based on a Russian request," and that Russian operations are "finished for now". Iranian Defence Minister Hossein Dehghan earlier criticized Russia's announcement of its use of the base in Iran, saying "There has been a kind of showing-off and inconsiderate attitude behind the announcement of this news." 




### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/iran-ends-russian-use-of-air-base-because-of-unwanted-publicity/2016/08/22/87364e5e-2dbe-4544-889b-2cb7f233fc62_story.html)

### Related:

1. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Iran, Russia, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Iranian Minister of Defence Hossein Dehghan confirms Iran tested a new missile, claiming that the test did not violate the 2015 nuclear deal nor UN resolution 2231. ](/news/2017/02/1/iranian-minister-of-defence-hossein-dehghan-confirms-iran-tested-a-new-missile-claiming-that-the-test-did-not-violate-the-2015-nuclear-deal.md) _Context: Hossein Dehghan, Iran, Minister of Defence_
3. [The second day of peace negotiations in Astana, Kazakhstan, end with the sponsors of the talks, Russia, Turkey and Iran, agreeing to set up commission between the three to monitor and enforce the fragile ceasefire to the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2017/01/24/the-second-day-of-peace-negotiations-in-astana-kazakhstan-end-with-the-sponsors-of-the-talks-russia-turkey-and-iran-agreeing-to-set-up.md) _Context: Iran, Russia, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Iran holds talks with Russia over buying an upgraded version of the S-300 surface-to-air missile defense system. ](/news/2016/02/22/iran-holds-talks-with-russia-over-buying-an-upgraded-version-of-the-s-300-surface-to-air-missile-defense-system.md) _Context: Iran, Iran-Russia relations, Russia_
5. [Russia begins deliveries of its S-300 air defense systems to Iran. ](/news/2015/12/3/russia-begins-deliveries-of-its-s-300-air-defense-systems-to-iran.md) _Context: Iran, Iran-Russia relations, Russia_
6. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of  talks  over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan,  the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saud.md) _Context: Iran, Russia, Syrian Civil War_
7. [The Russian air force bombards the city of Madan and Zor Shamr Camp, south and east of Raqqa, Syria, with cluster bombs, killing six civilians and wounding 19 others. Nearby Alburamadan town  was also struck; there are no reports of civilian casualties. ](/news/2017/07/23/the-russian-air-force-bombards-the-city-of-madan-and-zor-shamr-camp-south-and-east-of-raqqa-syria-with-cluster-bombs-killing-six-civilia.md) _Context: Russia, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and  North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea-both-chambers-of-the-u.md) _Context: Iran, Russia_
9. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says ISIL leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is confirmed dead, according to information from tribal leaders close to ISIL in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. In June, Russia said it had "most likely" killed al-Baghdadi and several other high profile ISIL leaders in an airstrike but provided no evidence. ](/news/2017/07/11/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-isil-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-is-confirmed-dead-according-to-information-from-tribal-leader.md) _Context: Russia, Syrian Civil War_
10. [The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria-following-russia-s-threat-that-it-would-treat-any-ai.md) _Context: Russia, Syrian Civil War_
