### [2017-05-31](/news/2017/05/31/index.md)

# A Turkish Air Force Eurocopter AS532 Cougar helicopter crashes in Sirnak Province after hitting an electricity line, killing all 13 soldiers on board. 




### Source:

1. [Al-Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/05/turkey-military-helicopter-crashes-iraq-border-170531193330643.html)

### Related:

1. [April 2017 Turkish airstrikes in Syria and Iraq. Turkish air strikes kill 18 Kurdish YPG fighters and media officials in northeastern Syria. Also five Peshmerga fighters are killed during a Turkish attack on Sinjar in Iraq. Turkey also claims to have destroyed "terror hubs". Iraq denounces the strike as a violation of its sovereignty. ](/news/2017/04/25/april-2017-turkish-airstrikes-in-syria-and-iraq-turkish-air-strikes-kill-18-kurdish-ypg-fighters-and-media-officials-in-northeastern-syria.md) _Context: Turkish Air Force_
2. [2016 Turkish coup d'etat attempt. General Akin Ozturk, Turkish Air Force chief until August 2015, confesses to planning last week's attempted coup d'etat, according to the state-run Anadolu News Agency. ](/news/2016/07/18/2016-turkish-coup-d-a-c-tat-attempt-general-aka-n-azta1-4rk-turkish-air-force-chief-until-august-2015-confesses-to-planning-last-week-s-atte.md) _Context: Turkish Air Force_
3. [Kurdish-Turkish conflict (2015-present). Turkish Air Force bombs Kurdistan Workers' Party targets in northern Iraq and southeastern Turkey killing at least 27 militants. ](/news/2016/06/5/kurdish-turkish-conflict-2015-present-turkish-air-force-bombs-kurdistan-workers-party-targets-in-northern-iraq-and-southeastern-turk.md) _Context: Turkish Air Force_
4. [Turkey-PKK conflict (2015-present). Turkish Air Force airstrikes reportedly kill at least 67 PKK militants in northern Iraq. ](/news/2016/03/12/turkey-pkk-conflict-2015-present-turkish-air-force-airstrikes-reportedly-kill-at-least-67-pkk-militants-in-northern-iraq.md) _Context: Turkish Air Force_
5. [Kurdish-Turkish conflict. Turkish Air Force helicopters struck a group of Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) fighters in southeast Turkey, killing nine militants, according to security sources. ](/news/2016/02/24/kurdish-turkish-conflict-turkish-air-force-helicopters-struck-a-group-of-kurdistan-workers-party-pkk-fighters-in-southeast-turkey-kil.md) _Context: Turkish Air Force_
6. [PKK rebellion (2015-present). At least two Turkish Army soldiers are killed in clashes with Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) insurgents in the southeast Sirnak Province. ](/news/2016/02/10/pkk-rebellion-2015-present-at-least-two-turkish-army-soldiers-are-killed-in-clashes-with-kurdistan-workers-party-pkk-insurgents-in-t.md) _Context: Sirnak Province_
7. [2015 Russian Sukhoi Su-24 shootdown. Russian president Vladimir Putin addresses the shootdown of one of their jets in Syria by the Turkish Air Force. He goes on to say that "if anyone thinks Russia's reaction will be limited to trade sanctions, they are deeply mistaken". ](/news/2015/12/3/2015-russian-sukhoi-su-24-shootdown-russian-president-vladimir-putin-addresses-the-shootdown-of-one-of-their-jets-in-syria-by-the-turkish-a.md) _Context: Turkish Air Force_
8. [Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War. Spillover of the Syrian Civil War. Turkey says a Russian warplane violated its airspace near the Syrian border, prompting the Turkish Air Force to scramble two F-16 fighter jets to intercept it. The Foreign Ministry summoned Russia's ambassador to protest the violation and urged Russia to avoid repeating such a violation, or it would be held "responsible for any undesired incident that may occur". ](/news/2015/10/5/russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-turkey-says-a-russian-warplane-violated-its-airspa.md) _Context: Turkish Air Force_
9. [Turkey-PKK conflict. The Turkish Air Force launches a wave of airstrikes against PKK targets in northern Iraq and southeastern Turkey. Turkish security officials have also rejected a PKK ceasefire declared on Saturday shortly after the bombings in Ankara, saying "The PKK ceasefire means nothing for us. The operations will continue without a break". ](/news/2015/10/11/turkey-pkk-conflict-the-turkish-air-force-launches-a-wave-of-airstrikes-against-pkk-targets-in-northern-iraq-and-southeastern-turkey-tur.md) _Context: Turkish Air Force_
10. [Turkey-PKK conflict. Fighting in the south-eastern Sirnak Province kills thirty-four PKK militants, four civilians, and two Turkish soldiers. Also, the Turkish military conducts airstrikes on PKK camps in Iraq's northern Dohuk Governorate. ](/news/2015/09/26/turkey-pkk-conflict-fighting-in-the-south-eastern-aa-rnak-province-kills-thirty-four-pkk-militants-four-civilians-and-two-turkish-sold.md) _Context: Sirnak Province_
