### [2017-05-31](/news/2017/05/31/index.md)

# CNN terminates its ''New Year's Eve Live'' contract with Kathy Griffin after she released a photograph of her holding a mock decapitated head of President Donald Trump. 

After her severed-Trump-head photo, Kathy Griffin will no longer appear with Anderson Cooper on CNN&#39;s New Year&#39;s Eve special, the network said Wednesday.


### Source:

1. [USA Today](https://www.usatoday.com/story/life/people/2017/05/31/cnn-fires-kathy-griffin-over-offensive-trump-photo/102349176/)

### Related:

1. [CNN announces the September 16, prime time  presidential debate panel.  Carly Fiorina, who had sufficient poll support following the first debate, will join the top 10 leaders, such as Donald Trump, Jeb Bush, Scott Walker, and Ben Carson. The remaining four candidates, Rick Santorum, Bobby Jindal, George Pataki and Lindsey Graham, will appear earlier that evening. Because he did not get sufficient poll numbers, Jim Gilmore is now excluded. ](/news/2015/09/11/cnn-announces-the-september-16-prime-time-presidential-debate-panel-carly-fiorina-who-had-sufficient-poll-support-following-the-first-d.md) _Context: CNN, Donald Trump_
2. [President Donald Trump claims that James Comey committed perjury during his testimony yesterday, and offers to give his own testimony, "under oath," refuting that he requested Comey to drop the Flynn investigation and that he had asked for Comey's allegence. ](/news/2017/06/9/president-donald-trump-claims-that-james-comey-committed-perjury-during-his-testimony-yesterday-and-offers-to-give-his-own-testimony-unde.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
3. [James Comey, the former FBI Director who was dismissed by President Donald Trump last month, appears before the United States Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. Comey says he believes he was fired because of the FBI investigation into the possible collusion between President Trump's campaign team and Russia's interference in the 2016 elections.](/news/2017/06/8/james-comey-the-former-fbi-director-who-was-dismissed-by-president-donald-trump-last-month-appears-before-the-united-states-senate-select.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
4. [United States president Donald Trump announces lawyer Christopher A. Wray as his nominee to be director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ](/news/2017/06/7/united-states-president-donald-trump-announces-lawyer-christopher-a-wray-as-his-nominee-to-be-director-of-the-federal-bureau-of-investigati.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
5. [CNN denies authenticity of footage documenting its employees manufacturing a protest using unrepresentative Muslim actors. ](/news/2017/06/3/cnn-denies-authenticity-of-footage-documenting-its-employees-manufacturing-a-protest-using-unrepresentative-muslim-actors.md) _Context: CNN_
6. [Disney CEO Bob Iger joins Elon Musk in resigning from President Trump's advisory councils in response to Trump's decision to withdraw the U.S. from the Paris Agreement. ](/news/2017/06/2/disney-ceo-bob-iger-joins-elon-musk-in-resigning-from-president-trump-s-advisory-councils-in-response-to-trump-s-decision-to-withdraw-the-u.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
7. [U.S. President Donald Trump announces new restrictions on travel and business with Cuba, reversing policies of Cuban Thaw, implemented during the tenure of President Barack Obama. ](/news/2017/06/16/u-s-president-donald-trump-announces-new-restrictions-on-travel-and-business-with-cuba-reversing-policies-of-cuban-thaw-implemented-durin.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
8. [The U.S. Office of Government Ethics certifies President Donald Trump's financial report which discloses over $315.6 million in personal liabilities and exceeding $1.4 billion in assets as of mid-2017, for revenues of more than $594 million over 2016 and early 2017. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-u-s-office-of-government-ethics-certifies-president-donald-trump-s-financial-report-which-discloses-over-315-6-million-in-personal-lia.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
9. [''The Guardian'' reports that U.S. President Donald Trump has postponed his visit to the United Kingdom, according to a U.K. adviser who said Mr. Trump recently telephoned 10 Downing Street with this information. Both Prime Minister Theresa May's office and the White House deny this report. ](/news/2017/06/11/the-guardian-reports-that-u-s-president-donald-trump-has-postponed-his-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-according-to-a-u-k-adviser-who-sai.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
10. [U.S. President Donald Trump confirms that the United States will withdraw from the 2015 Paris Agreement on climate change mitigation. ](/news/2017/06/1/u-s-president-donald-trump-confirms-that-the-united-states-will-withdraw-from-the-2015-paris-agreement-on-climate-change-mitigation.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
