### [2017-05-31](/news/2017/05/31/index.md)

# Iranian presidential election, 2017. Guardian Council officially confirmed the result of the election which saw Incumbent President Hassan Rouhani reelected for another four years in office. 

The Guardian Council confirms the result of Iran’s 12th presidential election.


### Source:

1. [PressTV](http://www.presstv.ir/Detail/2017/05/30/523687/Iran-Guardian-Council-Hassan-Rouhani-presidential-election)

### Related:

1. [Iranian presidential election, 2017. Guardian Council announces names of six final candidates. Incumbent President Hassan Rouhani, chairman of Astan Quds Razavi Ebrahim Raisi and Tehran Mayor Mohammad Bagher Ghalibaf is among the list. More than 1,600 nominees were disqualified, including all 137 female candidates and former president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. ](/news/2017/04/20/iranian-presidential-election-2017-guardian-council-announces-names-of-six-final-candidates-incumbent-president-hassan-rouhani-chairman.md) _Context: Guardian Council, Hassan Rouhani, re-elected_
2. [Politics of Iran. Iranian MPs approve 16 out of 17 cabinet members nominated by recently re-elected President Hassan Rouhani. ](/news/2017/08/20/politics-of-iran-iranian-mps-approve-16-out-of-17-cabinet-members-nominated-by-recently-re-elected-president-hassan-rouhani.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, re-elected_
3. [Iranian presidential election, 2017. Incumbent President Hassan Rouhani is re-elected with 23.5 million votes, defeating Ebrahim Raisi who received 15.7 million votes. ](/news/2017/05/20/iranian-presidential-election-2017-incumbent-president-hassan-rouhani-is-re-elected-with-23-5-million-votes-defeating-ebrahim-raisi-who-r.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, re-elected_
4. [Iranian presidential election, 2017. Voters in Iran go to the polls to elect the President of Iran. Final opinion polls continue to predict that the incumbent Hassan Rouhani of the Moderation and Development Party will receive a majority of votes, with the conservative Combatant Clergy Association's Ebrahim Raisi as his main competition. ](/news/2017/05/19/iranian-presidential-election-2017-voters-in-iran-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-the-president-of-iran-final-opinion-polls-continue-to-predict.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, re-elected_
5. [Iranian presidential election, 2017. Official campaigning ends with opinion polling showing Hassan Rouhani and Ebrahim Raisi as the two leading candidates. ](/news/2017/05/18/iranian-presidential-election-2017-official-campaigning-ends-with-opinion-polling-showing-hassan-rouhani-and-ebrahim-raisi-as-the-two-lead.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, re-elected_
6. [Iranian presidential election, 2017. In an expected event, Eshaq Jahangiri withdraws his candidacy and urges his supporters to vote for incumbent president Hassan Rouhani. ](/news/2017/05/16/iranian-presidential-election-2017-in-an-expected-event-eshaq-jahangiri-withdraws-his-candidacy-and-urges-his-supporters-to-vote-for-incu.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, re-elected_
7. [Iranian presidential election, 2017. Candidates debate on live television with the rivals of frontrunner and current president, Hassan Rouhani, taking aim at his economic policies. ](/news/2017/05/12/iranian-presidential-election-2017-candidates-debate-on-live-television-with-the-rivals-of-frontrunner-and-current-president-hassan-rouha.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, re-elected_
8. [Iranian presidential election, 2017. The six approved candidates, including the incumbent Hassan Rouhani, begin campaigning. ](/news/2017/04/21/iranian-presidential-election-2017-the-six-approved-candidates-including-the-incumbent-hassan-rouhani-begin-campaigning.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, re-elected_
9. [Iranian presidential election, 2017. President Hassan Rouhani seeks for a second term while one of his main rivals Ebrahim Raisi also registers with just one day remaining for the submission. ](/news/2017/04/14/iranian-presidential-election-2017-president-hassan-rouhani-seeks-for-a-second-term-while-one-of-his-main-rivals-ebrahim-raisi-also-regist.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, re-elected_
10. [Elections in Iran. Iranian legislative election, 2016. Iran starts registering candidates for the 290-seat parliamentary elections scheduled for 26 February 2016. Potential candidates must be approved by the Guardian Council. The elections will, effectively, be a vote on President Hassan Rouhani-s moderate policies that received a boost from the July 14 landmark nuclear deal. ](/news/2015/12/20/elections-in-iran-iranian-legislative-election-2016-iran-starts-registering-candidates-for-the-290-seat-parliamentary-elections-scheduled.md) _Context: Guardian Council, Hassan Rouhani_
