### [2017-05-31](/news/2017/05/31/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War: The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) says they will counter Iraq-s mostly Iran-backed Popular Mobilization Forces (PMU) militants if the latter enters areas under SDF control, insisting that SDF will never accept the presence of Iran and SDF will never under any circumstances act as a bridge between PMU and the Syria's Assad regime. 

Spokesman for Syrian Kurdish-Arab coalition says it would &#039;fight&#039; Popular Mobilisation Units if they crossed the border


### Source:

1. [Al Arabiya](http://english.alarabiya.net/en/News/middle-east/2017/05/31/Kurdish-leader-SDF-will-counter-Iraq-s-PMU-if-it-enters-its-areas-in-Syria.html)
2. [Middle East Eye](http://www.middleeasteye.net/news/sdf-says-they-would-fight-iraqi-shia-militias-if-they-enter-their-territory-1282364149)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) take control of the Baath Dam on the Euphrates, near the ISIL stronghold of Raqqa, and upon doing so, rename it "Freedom Dam". ](/news/2017/06/4/syrian-civil-war-the-u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-take-control-of-the-baath-dam-on-the-euphrates-near-the-isil-stronghold-of.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces, United States_
2. [Syrian Civil War: U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) say they have seized full control of Manbij in Syria's northern Aleppo Governorate after ISIL militants withdrew from their last remaining strongholds in the city. ](/news/2016/08/12/syrian-civil-war-u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-say-they-have-seized-full-control-of-manbij-in-syria-s-northern-aleppo-governor.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces, United States_
3. [Syrian Civil War: United States-backed Syrian Democratic Forces begin an offensive to regain control of the city of Manbij in the Aleppo Governorate from ISIL. ](/news/2016/06/1/syrian-civil-war-united-states-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-begin-an-offensive-to-regain-control-of-the-city-of-manbij-in-the-aleppo-gov.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces, United States_
4. [Syrian Civil War: American-led intervention in Syria: A newly formed U.S.-backed Syrian rebel alliance, Democratic Forces of Syria, launches an offensive against Islamic State forces in the northeast province of Hasaka. ](/news/2015/10/31/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-a-newly-formed-u-s-backed-syrian-rebel-alliance-democratic-forces-of-syria-launches.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces, United States_
5. [Syrian Civil War: Violent clashes break out between the Syrian rebels and Syrian Democratic Forces on the outskirts of al-Muhsenli Village, in the northeastern countryside of Aleppo, but no casualties are reported. ](/news/2017/07/21/syrian-civil-war-violent-clashes-break-out-between-the-syrian-rebels-and-syrian-democratic-forces-on-the-outskirts-of-al-muhsenli-village.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces_
6. [Syrian Civil War: According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/syrian-civil-war-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democr.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces_
7. [Syrian Civil War: American-led intervention in Syria: United States aircraft bomb a convoy belonging to the Syrian pro-government militia within a so-called "deconfliction zone" around Al-Tanf. ](/news/2017/05/18/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-united-states-aircraft-bomb-a-convoy-belonging-to-the-syrian-pro-government-militia-wi.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United States_
8. [Syrian Civil War: 2017 Shayrat missile strike: The United States launches 60 Tomahawk cruise missiles aimed at the Ash Sha'irat air base in Homs Governorate in response to the Syrian government's alleged use of chemical weapons in its attack on the town of Khan Shaykhun. The Government of Syria claims the attack killed six soldiers and nine civilians, including four children. ](/news/2017/04/7/syrian-civil-war-2017-shayrat-missile-strike-the-united-states-launches-60-tomahawk-cruise-missiles-aimed-at-the-ash-sha-irat-air-base-in.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United States_
9. [Syrian Civil War: American-led intervention in Syria: According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, multiple suspected U.S.-led coalition air raids kill at least 23 civilians in the village of al-Matab in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/03/9/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-multiple-suspected-u-s-led-coal.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United States_
10. [Syrian Civil War: American-led intervention in Syria: The United States Marine Corps' 11th Marine Expeditionary Unit arrives in Syria ahead of a Syrian Democratic Forces operation to take control of ISIL's de facto capital of Raqqa. ](/news/2017/03/8/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-the-united-states-marine-corps-11th-marine-expeditionary-unit-arrives-in-syria-ahead.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces_
