### [2006-08-26](/news/2006/08/26/index.md)

#  Chad orders United States' ChevronTexaco and Malaysia's Petronas out of the country for failing to meet tax obligations. Chadian president, Idriss Dby, stated that Chad, whose new national oil company was to partner with an Exxon Mobil-ChevronTexaco-Petronas consortium, will continue to work with US' Exxon Mobil while attempting to "find a solution with the two other partners." 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/africa/5289580.stm?ls)

### Related:

1. [United States President Barack Obama hosts a two-day summit in Rancho Mirage, California with leaders of the ASEAN member states, including democratically-elected Benigno Aquino III of the Philippines and Joko Widodo of Indonesia as well as autocratic rulers such as Hun Sen of Cambodia and Najib Razak of Malaysia. ](/news/2016/02/15/united-states-president-barack-obama-hosts-a-two-day-summit-in-rancho-mirage-california-with-leaders-of-the-asean-member-states-including.md) _Context: Malaysia, U.S._
2. [Myanmar tops the 2015 Charities Aid Foundation's World Giving Index which measures each country's charitable behavior. Individuals indicate whether they have donated money, volunteered, or helped a stranger in the past month. The United States, which tied with Myanmar last year, is second, followed by New Zealand, Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Sri Lanka, Ireland, and Malaysia. ](/news/2015/11/10/myanmar-tops-the-2015-charities-aid-foundation-s-world-giving-index-which-measures-each-country-s-charitable-behavior-individuals-indicate.md) _Context: Malaysia, U.S._
3. [Chadian President Idriss Deby postpones the 3 April presidential election after opposition candidates threatened a boycott over irregularities. ](/news/2011/03/13/chadian-president-idriss-deby-postpones-the-3-april-presidential-election-after-opposition-candidates-threatened-a-boycott-over-irregulariti.md) _Context: Chad, Idriss Deby_
4. [Anti-Israel protests take place outside the Israeli embassy in Dublin, Ireland, and outside the US embassy in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. ](/news/2010/06/4/anti-israel-protests-take-place-outside-the-israeli-embassy-in-dublin-ireland-and-outside-the-us-embassy-in-kuala-lumpur-malaysia.md) _Context: Malaysia, U.S._
5. [ The Constitutional Council of Chad, the highest court in Chad, confirms Idriss Dby's victory in the presidential elections which took place on May 3, 2006. However, the court only gives him 64.67% of the vote, instead of his administration's claim of 77.4%. Turnout was also reduced to 53.08% instead of the previous 60%. ](/news/2006/05/30/the-constitutional-council-of-chad-the-highest-court-in-chad-confirms-idriss-deby-s-victory-in-the-presidential-elections-which-took-plac.md) _Context: Chad, Idriss Deby_
6. [ In Chad, opposition parties boycott the 2006 presidential election and voter turnout is "extremely low". Results are not due for another 10 days, but President Idriss Deby is expected to win. ](/news/2006/05/3/in-chad-opposition-parties-boycott-the-2006-presidential-election-and-voter-turnout-is-extremely-low-results-are-not-due-for-another-10.md) _Context: Chad, Idriss Deby_
7. [ Chadian Information Minister Hourmadji Moussa Doumgor accuses the Government of Sudan of facilitating a new alliance between the Mahamat Nour's UFDC and the defected troops of Mahamat Nouri against the Dby administration. Neither group has confirmed or denied the merger. ](/news/2006/05/16/chadian-information-minister-hourmadji-moussa-doumgor-accuses-the-government-of-sudan-of-facilitating-a-new-alliance-between-the-mahamat-no.md) _Context: Chad, Idriss Deby_
8. [ Over 150 Chadian soldiers are killed in eastern Chad by members of the rebel UFDC. The growing rebel movement seeks to overthrow Chadian president Idriss Deby. ](/news/2006/03/21/over-150-chadian-soldiers-are-killed-in-eastern-chad-by-members-of-the-rebel-ufdc-the-growing-rebel-movement-seeks-to-overthrow-chadian-pr.md) _Context: Chad, Idriss Deby_
9. [ In Chad, a referendum for allowing presidents, particularly Idriss Dby, run for office for three straight terms, passes. ](/news/2005/06/22/in-chad-a-referendum-for-allowing-presidents-particularly-idriss-deby-run-for-office-for-three-straight-terms-passes.md) _Context: Chad, Idriss Deby_
10. [U.S. President Donald Trump will probably end a policy that protects from deportation more than 800,000 so-called "DREAMers," mostly Mexican-born undocumented children who illegaly arrived in the United States as minors, in around six months if Congress were to act on it. ](/news/2017/09/5/u-s-president-donald-trump-will-probably-end-a-policy-that-protects-from-deportation-more-than-800-000-so-called-dreamers-mostly-mexican.md) _Context: U.S._
