### [2010-06-1](/news/2010/06/1/index.md)

# Another UK minister, the new Chief Secretary to the Treasury, Danny Alexander, who was appointed after the resignation of fellow Liberal Democrat David Laws, is embroiled in the ongoing expenses scandal after admitting to having avoided paying capital gains tax when he sold his taxpayer-funded second home at a profit. 




### Source:

1. [The Australian](http://www.theaustralian.com.au/news/world/second-uk-minister-in-hot-water/story-e6frg6so-1225873746578)

### Related:

1. [The Parliamentary Standards Commissioner has recommended that Liberal Democrat MP and former Chief Secretary to the Treasury David Laws be suspended from the House of Commons for 7 days over wrongly claimed expenses. ](/news/2011/05/12/the-parliamentary-standards-commissioner-has-recommended-that-liberal-democrat-mp-and-former-chief-secretary-to-the-treasury-david-laws-be-s.md) _Context: Chief Secretary to the Treasury, David Laws, Liberal Democrats, MPs expenses_
2. [As part of the ongoing United Kingdom Parliamentary expenses scandal, Liberal Democrat MP David Laws resigns from his position as Chief Secretary to the Treasury after it is revealed he used expenses to cover rent for a non-marital partner, a practice banned in 2006. ](/news/2010/05/29/as-part-of-the-ongoing-united-kingdom-parliamentary-expenses-scandal-liberal-democrat-mp-david-laws-resigns-from-his-position-as-chief-secr.md) _Context: Chief Secretary to the Treasury, David Laws, Liberal Democrats, MPs expenses_
3. [Danny Alexander, the Chief Secretary to the Treasury of the United Kingdom, announces that the retirement age for British civil servants will be increased to 66, with the exception of the police, armed forces and fire service. ](/news/2011/06/17/danny-alexander-the-chief-secretary-to-the-treasury-of-the-united-kingdom-announces-that-the-retirement-age-for-british-civil-servants-wil.md) _Context: Chief Secretary to the Treasury, Danny Alexander_
4. [Former British Treasury minister David Laws is found guilty of breaking six rules over his parliamentary expense claims. ](/news/2011/05/10/former-british-treasury-minister-david-laws-is-found-guilty-of-breaking-six-rules-over-his-parliamentary-expense-claims.md) _Context: David Laws, MPs expenses_
5. [Aftermath of the United Kingdom general election, 2017. Tim Farron resigns as leader of the Liberal Democrats amid controversy concerning his views on gay sexual practices. ](/news/2017/06/14/aftermath-of-the-united-kingdom-general-election-2017-tim-farron-resigns-as-leader-of-the-liberal-democrats-amid-controversy-concerning-hi.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats_
6. [United Kingdom general election, 2017. British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats_
7. [The BBC is told that the UK's three main political parties, the Conservatives, Labour and the Liberal Democrats, will declare that whoever forms the government after the next general election will not agree to a currency union with an independent Scotland. ](/news/2014/02/12/the-bbc-is-told-that-the-uk-s-three-main-political-parties-the-conservatives-labour-and-the-liberal-democrats-will-declare-that-whoever-f.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats_
8. [United Kingdom local elections, 2013:. Results of the elections show gains for Labour and UKIP and losses for the Liberal Democrats and the Conservative Party.](/news/2013/05/3/united-kingdom-local-elections-2013-results-of-the-elections-show-gains-for-labour-and-ukip-and-losses-for-the-liberal-democrats-and-the.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats_
9. [British Prime Minister David Cameron says he will "win people back" after his party, the Conservatives came third in the Eastleigh by-election behind the Liberal Democrats and UK Independence Party. ](/news/2013/03/1/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-says-he-will-win-people-back-after-his-party-the-conservatives-came-third-in-the-eastleigh-by-electi.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats_
10. [Voters go to the polls in the Eastleigh by-election following the resignation of former UK Cabinet Minister Chris Huhne with Liberal Democrat candidate Mike Thornton retaining the seat for his party. ](/news/2013/02/28/voters-go-to-the-polls-in-the-eastleigh-by-election-following-the-resignation-of-former-uk-cabinet-minister-chris-huhne-with-liberal-democra.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats_
