### [2007-06-24](/news/2007/06/24/index.md)

#  Ali Hassan al-Majid, better known as "Chemical Ali," is sentenced to death for his role in killing 180,000 Kurds under Saddam Hussein. 

Relatives of the victims of the man known as Chemical Ali are calling for him to be executed at one of the villages where he committed his crimes.


### Source:

1. [BBC via ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2007/06/25/1960488.htm)

### Related:

1. [ The Presidency Council of Iraq approves the execution of Saddam Hussein's cousin Ali Hassan al-Majid, widely known as "Chemical Ali", for his role in the Al-Anfal Campaign against Iraqi Kurds in the 1980s. ](/news/2008/02/29/the-presidency-council-of-iraq-approves-the-execution-of-saddam-hussein-s-cousin-ali-hassan-al-majid-widely-known-as-chemical-ali-for-h.md) _Context: Ali Hassan al-Majid, Saddam Hussein_
2. [ Fifteen former associates of Saddam Hussein, including his cousin Ali Hassan al-Majid, face a trial in the Supreme Iraqi Criminal Tribunal for their alleged role in suppressing a Shiite uprising in 1991. ](/news/2007/08/21/fifteen-former-associates-of-saddam-hussein-including-his-cousin-ali-hassan-al-majid-face-a-trial-in-the-supreme-iraqi-criminal-tribunal.md) _Context: Ali Hassan al-Majid, Saddam Hussein_
3. [ Iraq's High Tribunal sentences former Vice President Taha Yassin Ramadan to death for his role in the 1982 killing of 148 men and boys in Dujail following an unsuccessful assassination attempt against Saddam Hussein. ](/news/2007/02/12/iraq-s-high-tribunal-sentences-former-vice-president-taha-yassin-ramadan-to-death-for-his-role-in-the-1982-killing-of-148-men-and-boys-in-d.md) _Context: Saddam Hussein, death penalty_
4. [ Trial of Saddam Hussein:: The trial of Saddam Hussein for alleged genocide of Kurds during the Anfal campaign resumes today. ](/news/2006/11/7/trial-of-saddam-hussein-the-trial-of-saddam-hussein-for-alleged-genocide-of-kurds-during-the-anfal-campaign-resumes-today.md) _Context: Kurd, Saddam Hussein_
5. [ Tony Blair opposes the death penalty for Saddam Hussein but says the trial had reminded the world of Hussein's brutality. ](/news/2006/11/6/tony-blair-opposes-the-death-penalty-for-saddam-hussein-but-says-the-trial-had-reminded-the-world-of-hussein-s-brutality.md) _Context: Saddam Hussein, death penalty_
6. [ The Iraqi Special Tribunal announces that Saddam Hussein and six co-defendants will face trial on August 21 in relation to the 1980s Anfal campaign in which 100,000 Kurds are estimated to have died. ](/news/2006/06/27/the-iraqi-special-tribunal-announces-that-saddam-hussein-and-six-co-defendants-will-face-trial-on-august-21-in-relation-to-the-1980s-anfal.md) _Context: Kurd, Saddam Hussein_
7. [ "The Sun", the largest selling British tabloid newspaper, publishes more surreptitiously taken pictures of Saddam Hussein, while claiming to condemn the leaking of the first photographs. Other pictures also published show the imprisoned Ali Hassan al-Majid ("Chemical Ali") and Huda Salih Mahdi Ammash ("Mrs Anthrax"). President Bush intervenes to support an investigation into the leaking of the photos. ](/news/2005/05/21/the-sun-the-largest-selling-british-tabloid-newspaper-publishes-more-surreptitiously-taken-pictures-of-saddam-hussein-while-claiming-t.md) _Context: Ali Hassan al-Majid, Saddam Hussein_
8. [ The United Iraqi Alliance, the leading coalition in the new Government of Iraq, demands the death penalty for Saddam Hussein, accused of genocide in Kurdistan as well as torture and other human rights violations in Baghdad. ([http://www.aljazeera.com/me.asp?service_ID=7807 Al Jazeera])](/news/2005/04/19/the-united-iraqi-alliance-the-leading-coalition-in-the-new-government-of-iraq-demands-the-death-penalty-for-saddam-hussein-accused-of-ge.md) _Context: Saddam Hussein, death penalty_
9. [Kurdish-Turkish conflict: A car bomb injures at least nine people, three in serious condition, in the mainly-Kurdish southeast region in Turkey's Tunceli Province. The explosion occurred close to housing for courthouse employees in the town of Ovacik. There is no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/06/13/kurdish-turkish-conflict-a-car-bomb-injures-at-least-nine-people-three-in-serious-condition-in-the-mainly-kurdish-southeast-region-in-t.md) _Context: Kurd_
10. [Manbij offensive: Kurdish-led fighters completely encircle the ISIL-held town of Manbij, near the Turkish border, while Syrian forces move closer to ISIL's de facto capital, Raqqa. ](/news/2016/06/10/manbij-offensive-kurdish-led-fighters-completely-encircle-the-isil-held-town-of-manbij-near-the-turkish-border-while-syrian-forces-move-c.md) _Context: Kurd_
