### [2007-06-24](/news/2007/06/24/index.md)

#  ''Government of the United Kingdom:'' Gordon Brown becomes the Leader of the Labour Party, replacing Prime Minister Tony Blair. Brown will replace Blair on 27 June. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk_politics/6234048.stm)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk_politics/6234692.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Gordon Brown is confirmed as the next leader of the British Labour Party, taking effect on 24 June. Brown will succeed Tony Blair as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom when he kisses the hand of Queen Elizabeth II on 27 June. ](/news/2007/05/17/gordon-brown-is-confirmed-as-the-next-leader-of-the-british-labour-party-taking-effect-on-24-june-brown-will-succeed-tony-blair-as-prime.md) _Context: 27 June, Gordon Brown, Labour Party, Prime Minster, Tony Blair_
2. [The Conservative Party's David Cameron kisses the hands of Queen Elizabeth II to become Prime Minister of the United Kingdom after Gordon Brown resigns as Prime Minister and as Leader of the British Labour Party. ](/news/2010/05/11/the-conservative-party-s-david-cameron-kisses-the-hands-of-queen-elizabeth-ii-to-become-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-after-gordon-br.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Labour Party, Prime Minster_
3. [Ex-Cabinet Ministers Geoff Hoon and Patricia Hewitt call for a secret ballot to settle the debate over the leadership of the Labour Party of British Prime Minister Gordon Brown. ](/news/2010/01/6/ex-cabinet-ministers-geoff-hoon-and-patricia-hewitt-call-for-a-secret-ballot-to-settle-the-debate-over-the-leadership-of-the-labour-party-of.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Labour Party, Prime Minster_
4. [ Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Gordon Brown denies rumours concerning his health as the British Labour Party gathers for its conference in Brighton, expressing his amazement with Andrew Marr of the BBC for questioning him live on television. ](/news/2009/09/27/prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-gordon-brown-denies-rumours-concerning-his-health-as-the-british-labour-party-gathers-for-its-conferen.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Labour Party, Prime Minster_
5. [ Labour Party Members of the United Kingdom's Parliament circulate an e-mail that requests Prime Minister Gordon Brown's resignation. ](/news/2009/06/3/labour-party-members-of-the-united-kingdom-s-parliament-circulate-an-e-mail-that-requests-prime-minister-gordon-brown-s-resignation.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Labour Party, Prime Minster_
6. [ The British Royal Family, including Prince Charles, Prince Harry and Prince William, and Her Majesty the Queen Elizabeth, along with Prime Minister Gordon Brown and former Prime Minister Tony Blair, and hundreds more, gather for a memorial service for Diana, Princess of Wales, ten years after her death, at Guard's Chapel in London. ](/news/2007/08/31/the-british-royal-family-including-prince-charles-prince-harry-and-prince-william-and-her-majesty-the-queen-elizabeth-along-with-prime.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Prime Minster, Tony Blair_
7. [ ''Prime Minister Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:'' Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions. Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister. Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy. Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government. Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/prime-minister-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-p-longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-pa.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Prime Minster, Tony Blair_
8. [ On the eve of Gordon Brown's assuming office as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, Conservative Member of Parliament Quentin Davies defects to the Labour Party. ](/news/2007/06/26/on-the-eve-of-gordon-brown-s-assuming-office-as-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-conservative-member-of-parliament-quentin-davies-defe.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Labour Party, Prime Minster_
9. [ Tony Blair formally endorses Gordon Brown as his successor, the next Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. ](/news/2007/05/11/tony-blair-formally-endorses-gordon-brown-as-his-successor-the-next-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Prime Minster, Tony Blair_
10. [ The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Tony Blair announces he will step down on June 27, once the Labour Party has elected a successor. ](/news/2007/05/10/the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-tony-blair-announces-he-will-step-down-on-june-27-once-the-labour-party-has-elected-a-successor.md) _Context: Labour Party, Prime Minster, Tony Blair_
