### [2016-06-18](/news/2016/06/18/index.md)

# Sudanese conflict in South Kordofan and Blue Nile: Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir declares a four-month ceasefire in the states of Blue Nile and South Kordofan in order to give rebels of the Sudan People's Liberation Movement-North a chance to join the peace process and to lay down arms in order to end the conflict which has been ongoing since 2011. 

The truce announced in Khartoum is intended to give rebels a chance to surrender their arms and join peace process.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/06/bashir-declares-ceasefire-blue-nile-south-kordofan-160618042942706.html)

### Related:

1. [Sudanese conflict in South Kordofan and Blue Nile: The Sudan People's Liberation Movement-North releases 127 prisoners from captivity, mostly troops of the Sudanese military. ](/news/2017/03/5/sudanese-conflict-in-south-kordofan-and-blue-nile-the-sudan-people-s-liberation-movement-north-releases-127-prisoners-from-captivity-mostl.md) _Context: Sudan People's Liberation Movement-North, Sudanese conflict in South Kordofan and Blue Nile_
2. [Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir announces he will step down in 2015 after nearly 25 years in power. ](/news/2013/03/23/sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-announces-he-will-step-down-in-2015-after-nearly-25-years-in-power.md) _Context: Omar al-Bashir, Sudanese President_
3. [Sudanese president Omar al-Bashir, the subject of an International Criminal Court arrest warrant for genocide, war crimes and crimes against humanity in the region of Darfur, unexpectedly delays his visit to China without official explanation, after he had already departed for an anti-terrorism conference hosted by Iran. ](/news/2011/06/27/sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-the-subject-of-an-international-criminal-court-arrest-warrant-for-genocide-war-crimes-and-crimes-against.md) _Context: Omar al-Bashir, Sudanese President_
4. [A ruling party official says that Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir will not stand for re-election. ](/news/2011/02/21/a-ruling-party-official-says-that-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-will-not-stand-for-re-election.md) _Context: Omar al-Bashir, Sudanese President_
5. [Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir goes to Juba to meet with Southern Sudanese President of the Government Salva Kiir Mayardit ahead of Southern Sudan's independence referendum. ](/news/2011/01/4/sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-goes-to-juba-to-meet-with-southern-sudanese-president-of-the-government-salva-kiir-mayardit-ahead-of-south.md) _Context: Omar al-Bashir, Sudanese President_
6. [Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir says the government will withdraw from peace talks with rebels from Darfur unless a deal is reached this week. ](/news/2010/12/30/sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-says-the-government-will-withdraw-from-peace-talks-with-rebels-from-darfur-unless-a-deal-is-reached-this-w.md) _Context: Omar al-Bashir, Sudanese President_
7. [Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir retracts an earlier remark and says there will be no return to civil war with the south if the referendum on South Sudanese self-determination results in a vote for independence.](/news/2010/10/21/sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-retracts-an-earlier-remark-and-says-there-will-be-no-return-to-civil-war-with-the-south-if-the-referendum.md) _Context: Omar al-Bashir, Sudanese President_
8. [Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir accuses authorities in Southern Sudan of breaching a peace deal and warns of a possible new conflict if issues are not resolved before the independence referendum. ](/news/2010/10/10/sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-accuses-authorities-in-southern-sudan-of-breaching-a-peace-deal-and-warns-of-a-possible-new-conflict-if-is.md) _Context: Omar al-Bashir, Sudanese President_
9. [Several European countries summon their Kenyan ambassadors in a bid to determine why Kenya did not arrest President of Sudan Omar al-Bashir when he came to Nairobi for the new constitution ceremony. ](/news/2010/09/1/several-european-countries-summon-their-kenyan-ambassadors-in-a-bid-to-determine-why-kenya-did-not-arrest-president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir.md) _Context: Omar al-Bashir, Sudanese President_
10. [President of Sudan Omar al-Bashir says the "mandate" of the United Nations, African Union and international aid organisations in Darfur is to "support government authorities" and that expulsion is the other option. ](/news/2010/08/8/president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-says-the-mandate-of-the-united-nations-african-union-and-international-aid-organisations-in-darfur-is-t.md) _Context: Omar al-Bashir, Sudanese President_
