### [2016-06-18](/news/2016/06/18/index.md)

# Three astronauts return from a mission to the International Space Station, Briton Tim Peake of the European Space Agency, Timothy Kopra of NASA and Russian cosmonaut Yuri Malenchenko. 

UK astronaut Tim Peake is safely back on Earth after a historic mission to the International Space Station.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/science-environment-36519886)

### Related:

1. [The Soyuz TMA-19M, consisting of Expedition 46 crew members Yuri Malenchenko (RSA), Timothy Kopra (NASA) and Tim Peake (ESA), launches from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan for the International Space Station (ISS) with Peake becoming the first Briton to represent the European Space Agency at the ISS. ](/news/2015/12/15/the-soyuz-tma-19m-consisting-of-expedition-46-crew-members-yuri-malenchenko-rsa-timothy-kopra-nasa-and-tim-peake-esa-launches-from.md) _Context: European Space Agency, International Space Station, NASA, Tim Peake, Timothy Kopra, Yuri Malenchenko_
2. [Soyuz TMA-16M launches carrying three crew members to the International Space Station. Russian cosmonaut Mikhail Korniyenko and American astronaut Scott Kelly begin a special year-long mission to test the effects of long-term habitation on the human body under conditions of micro gravity and radiation. ](/news/2015/03/27/soyuz-tma-16m-launches-carrying-three-crew-members-to-the-international-space-station-russian-cosmonaut-mikhail-korniyenko-and-american-ast.md) _Context: International Space Station, astronaut, cosmonaut_
3. [NASA and Roscosmos announce that veteran spaceflyers Scott Kelly and Mikhail Korniyenko will carry out the first year-long mission to the International Space Station in 2015. ](/news/2012/11/26/nasa-and-roscosmos-announce-that-veteran-spaceflyers-scott-kelly-and-mikhail-korniyenko-will-carry-out-the-first-year-long-mission-to-the-in.md) _Context: International Space Station, NASA, Russian_
4. [Three astronauts, Sunita Williams of the United States, Yuri Malenchenko of Russia and Aki Hoshide of Japan, arrive at the International Space Station for a three month visit. ](/news/2012/07/17/three-astronauts-sunita-williams-of-the-united-states-yuri-malenchenko-of-russia-and-aki-hoshide-of-japan-arrive-at-the-international-spa.md) _Context: International Space Station, Yuri Malenchenko, astronaut_
5. [NASA astronauts on board ''Atlantis'' complete the final spacewalk of the Space Shuttle era, recouping an ammonia pump on the International Space Station (ISS). ](/news/2011/07/12/nasa-astronauts-on-board-atlantis-complete-the-final-spacewalk-of-the-space-shuttle-era-recouping-an-ammonia-pump-on-the-international.md) _Context: International Space Station, NASA, astronaut_
6. [Two Russian cosmonauts, Aleksandr Kaleri and Oleg Skripochka, and American astronaut Scott Kelly leave on mission Soyuz TMA-01M for the International Space Station from Kazakhstan's Baikonur Cosmodrome. ](/news/2010/10/8/two-russian-cosmonauts-aleksandr-kaleri-and-oleg-skripochka-and-american-astronaut-scott-kelly-leave-on-mission-soyuz-tma-01m-for-the-inte.md) _Context: International Space Station, astronaut, cosmonaut_
7. [Peggy Whitson, commander of the International Space Station (ISS), breaks the record for most total days spent in space by any NASA astronaut, at more than 534 days. ](/news/2017/04/24/peggy-whitson-commander-of-the-international-space-station-iss-breaks-the-record-for-most-total-days-spent-in-space-by-any-nasa-astronau.md) _Context: International Space Station, NASA_
8. [NASA astronaut Shane Kimbrough and ESA astronaut Thomas Pesquet take a spacewalk outside of the International Space Station to prepare the vessel for new arrivals. ](/news/2017/03/24/nasa-astronaut-shane-kimbrough-and-esa-astronaut-thomas-pesquet-take-a-spacewalk-outside-of-the-international-space-station-to-prepare-the-v.md) _Context: International Space Station, NASA_
9. [NASA's Orbital ATK Antares 230 rocket launches carrying an unmanned resupply spacecraft, the Cygnus CRS OA-5 cargo ship, to the International Space Station from NASA's Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia. The mission returns the Antares rocket to flight after an anomaly on October 28, 2014, caused an Antares-series rocket to explode seconds after liftoff. ](/news/2016/10/17/nasa-s-orbital-atk-antares-230-rocket-launches-carrying-an-unmanned-resupply-spacecraft-the-cygnus-crs-oa-5-cargo-ship-to-the-internationa.md) _Context: International Space Station, NASA_
10. [SpaceX  launches a NASA cargo run to the International Space Station, and in a spaceflight first, successfully lands its reusable main-stage booster on an autonomous spaceport drone ship. ](/news/2016/04/8/spacex-launches-a-nasa-cargo-run-to-the-international-space-station-and-in-a-spaceflight-first-successfully-lands-its-reusable-main-stage.md) _Context: International Space Station, NASA_
