### [2008-10-18](/news/2008/10/18/index.md)

#  United States President George W. Bush meets with French President Nicolas Sarkozy and European Commission President Jos Manuel Barroso to discuss a proposal for a summit of world leaders to discuss the current economic crisis. 

President Bush and European leaders agreed to take steps toward a series of international meetings to address the economic crisis, the White House said.


### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2008/10/19/washington/19summitweb.html?_r=1&hp&oref=slogin)

### Related:

1. [ Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions. Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister. Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy. Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government. Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-parliament-and-others-clap-and-give-a-standing-ova.md) _Context: France, George W. Bush, Nicolas Sarkozy, President, United States_
2. [The President of France Francois Hollande warns that France "will not tolerate" acts that threaten its security following claims by Wikileaks that the United States spied on him and his two predecessors Nicolas Sarkozy and Jacques Chirac between 2006 and 2012. ](/news/2015/06/24/the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-warns-that-france-will-not-tolerate-acts-that-threaten-its-security-following-claims-by-wikilea.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France, United States_
3. [ United States President George W. Bush announces new measures to attack the current economic crisis including plans for the U.S. government to buy stakes in major banks. ](/news/2008/10/14/united-states-president-george-w-bush-announces-new-measures-to-attack-the-current-economic-crisis-including-plans-for-the-u-s-government.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President, United States, current economic crisis_
4. [ The President of the United States George W. Bush and the President of France Nicolas Sarkozy warn Syria to break with Iran and state that they will not allow Iran to obtain nuclear weapons. ](/news/2008/06/14/the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-and-the-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-warn-syria-to-break-with-iran-and-state-that.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Nicolas Sarkozy, President, President of France_
5. [ The President of the United States George W. Bush hosts the President of France Nicolas Sarkozy at a casual lunch at the Bush family home in Maine. ](/news/2007/08/11/the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-hosts-the-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-at-a-casual-lunch-at-the-bush-family-home-i.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Nicolas Sarkozy, President, President of France_
6. [Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy resigns as leader of The Republicans party and announces his candidacy for President again. ](/news/2016/07/3/former-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-resigns-as-leader-of-the-republicans-party-and-announces-his-candidacy-for-president-again.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
7. [France's National Assembly votes to adopt a non-binding resolution to lift European Union sanctions against Russia, applied after Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014. Former President Nicolas Sarkozy's Republicans, as well as center-right and far-left groups voted in favor of lifting the sanctions, while the ruling Socialist Party and The Greens voted against the resolution. ](/news/2016/04/28/france-s-national-assembly-votes-to-adopt-a-non-binding-resolution-to-lift-european-union-sanctions-against-russia-applied-after-russia-s-a.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
8. [With most of the votes counted, the opposition conservatives of former president Nicolas Sarkozy's party win in six of the country's 13 regions and lead in the Paris region. The ruling Socialists of President Francois Hollande's party capture five regions. The winner in Corsica is not affiliated with a major party. France's far-right National Front (FN) fails to win a single region but did record its best showing in its history. Voter turnout was 58 percent. Definitive results are expected Monday. ](/news/2015/12/13/with-most-of-the-votes-counted-the-opposition-conservatives-of-former-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-party-win-in-six-of-the-countryas-13-re.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
9. [Voters in France go to the polls for local government elections with initial polling suggesting favorable results for former President Nicolas Sarkozy's UMP. ](/news/2015/03/29/voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-for-local-government-elections-with-initial-polling-suggesting-favorable-results-for-former-president-nicol.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
10. [Former President of France Nicolas Sarkozy is being investigated over claims of illegal donations received from the country's richest woman, Liliane Bettencourt of L'Oreal. ](/news/2013/03/22/former-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-is-being-investigated-over-claims-of-illegal-donations-received-from-the-country-s-richest-woman.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
