### [2011-08-31](/news/2011/08/31/index.md)

# ExxonMobil and OAO Rosneft reach a deal which may reach $500 billion in projects in the Arctic, Gulf of Mexico, and the Black Sea. 

Exxon Mobil Corp and Rosneft signed an agreement to extract oil and gas from the Russian Arctic, in the most significant U.S.-Russian corporate deal since U.S. President Barack Obama began a push to improve ties.


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2011-08-31/exxon-rosneft-to-unveil-joint-international-projects-by-2012.html)
2. [Forbes](http://www.forbes.com/sites/christopherhelman/2011/08/31/rosneft-deal-shows-exxon-to-be-the-only-supermajor-with-heft-in-russia/)
3. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2011/08/31/business/global/exxon-and-rosneft-partner-in-russian-oil-deal.html)
4. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/08/30/us-rosneft-exxon-idUSTRE77T2OM20110830)
5. [Wall Street Journal](http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424053111904199404576540350519892620.html)
6. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/business/putin-says-exxon-rosneft-projects-may-reach-500-billion/2011/08/31/gIQAjFYcrJ_video.html)

### Related:

1. [Eleven bodies have so far been recovered from the Black Sea from yesterday's military aircraft crash. All 92 people on board died. ](/news/2016/12/26/eleven-bodies-have-so-far-been-recovered-from-the-black-sea-from-yesterday-s-military-aircraft-crash-all-92-people-on-board-died.md) _Context: Black Sea_
2. [A Russian Tu-154 military passenger airplane carrying 92 people including the Alexandrov Ensemble crashes into the Black Sea shortly after takeoff from Sochi. The airplane was headed towards Khmeimim, Syria. The Russian Armed Forces are actively involved in the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2016/12/25/a-russian-tu-154-military-passenger-airplane-carrying-92-people-including-the-alexandrov-ensemble-crashes-into-the-black-sea-shortly-after-t.md) _Context: Black Sea_
3. [President-elect Donald Trump formally announces ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson as his choice for United States Secretary of State. ](/news/2016/12/13/president-elect-donald-trump-formally-announces-exxonmobil-ceo-rex-tillerson-as-his-choice-for-united-states-secretary-of-state.md) _Context: ExxonMobil_
4. [A Russian Sukhoi Su-27 fighter jet makes an "unsafe close-range intercept" of a United States Navy P-8A Poseidon over the Black Sea in international airspace, coming within 10 feet (3.3 m) of the U.S. aircraft. ](/news/2016/09/7/a-russian-sukhoi-su-27-fighter-jet-makes-an-unsafe-close-range-intercept-of-a-united-states-navy-p-8a-poseidon-over-the-black-sea-in-inter.md) _Context: Black Sea_
5. [At least seven people are killed and eight are injured after a helicopter carrying Turkish Armed Forces personnel crashes in Turkey's northern Giresun Province, on the Black Sea coast. ](/news/2016/07/5/at-least-seven-people-are-killed-and-eight-are-injured-after-a-helicopter-carrying-turkish-armed-forces-personnel-crashes-in-turkey-s-northe.md) _Context: Black Sea_
6. [Tropical Storm Colin forms in the Gulf of Mexico and is likely to hit Florida's Gulf Coast tomorrow. ](/news/2016/06/5/tropical-storm-colin-forms-in-the-gulf-of-mexico-and-is-likely-to-hit-florida-s-gulf-coast-tomorrow.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
7. [The United States deploys F-22 Raptor fighter jets to Romania's RoAF 86th Air Base, near the Black Sea, in a show of strength and cooperation against Russia. "The United States and Romania enjoy a very strong partnership," said Hans G. Klemm, the United States Ambassador to Romania. ](/news/2016/04/26/the-united-states-deploys-f-22-raptor-fighter-jets-to-romania-s-roaf-86th-air-base-near-the-black-sea-in-a-show-of-strength-and-cooperatio.md) _Context: Black Sea_
8. [State oil company Petroleos Mexicanos reports the death toll has risen to  28 from Wednesday's explosion at Petroquimica Mexicana de Vinilo's Clorados 3 petrochemical plant in the Gulf port city of Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz. Some workers are still missing while 18 others remain hospitalized. Officials say the explosion came from an unspecified leak. The plant produces the hazardous industrial chemical vinyl chloride. ](/news/2016/04/22/state-oil-company-petroleos-mexicanos-reports-the-death-toll-has-risen-to-28-from-wednesday-s-explosion-at-petroquimica-mexicana-de-vinilo.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
9. [At least 24 people are killed, 136 others injured, and eight workers still missing from yesterday's blast at the major Clorados 3 petrochemical plant of Petroquimica Mexicana de Vinilo. Nineteen people remain hospitalized, with 13 in serious condition. The plant is run by Mexichem under agreement with Petroleos Mexicanos (Pemex), the national petrochemical company, in Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz, Mexico, on the country's southern Gulf of Mexico coast. Pemex had an earlier fire at the same facility in February 2016 that killed one worker; also that month, an offshore Pemex Gulf platform fire killed two and injured eight. ](/news/2016/04/21/at-least-24-people-are-killed-136-others-injured-and-eight-workers-still-missing-from-yesterday-s-blast-at-the-major-clorados-3-petrochemi.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
10. [Nine Cuban migrants die and 18 others are rescued by the Royal Caribbean's ''Brilliance of the Seas'' cruise ship in the Gulf of Mexico, 130 miles west of Marco Island, Florida. The group had been sailing for 22 days in a 30-foot long "rustic" boat. The survivors were severely dehydrated and in poor condition. Those who had died were buried at sea. The cruise ship is taking the migrants to its next stop, the Mexican island of Cozumel. ](/news/2016/03/19/nine-cuban-migrants-die-and-18-others-are-rescued-by-the-royal-caribbean-s-brilliance-of-the-seas-cruise-ship-in-the-gulf-of-mexico-130.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
