### [2011-08-31](/news/2011/08/31/index.md)

# The United States Justice Department files an antitrust lawsuit to prevent AT&T from taking over T-Mobile USA. 




### Source:

1. [Los Angeles Times](http://www.latimes.com/business/la-fi-att-justice31,0,1799418.story?track=rss)

### Related:

1. [U.S. Senator Al Franken of Minnesota, in a letter to the Justice Department and the Federal Communications Commission, demands that they block the effort of telephone giant AT&T to buy rival T-Mobile USA. ](/news/2011/07/26/u-s-senator-al-franken-of-minnesota-in-a-letter-to-the-justice-department-and-the-federal-communications-commission-demands-that-they-blo.md) _Context: AT&T, T-Mobile USA_
2. [AT&T and Deutsche Telekom reach an agreement for AT&T to purchase T-Mobile USA for $39 billion in cash and stock. ](/news/2011/03/20/at-t-and-deutsche-telekom-reach-an-agreement-for-at-t-to-purchase-t-mobile-usa-for-39-billion-in-cash-and-stock.md) _Context: AT&T, T-Mobile USA_
3. [AT&T reportedly agrees in principle to buy Time Warner for about $85 billion. ](/news/2016/10/21/at-t-reportedly-agrees-in-principle-to-buy-time-warner-for-about-85-billion.md) _Context: AT&T_
4. [U.S. District Judge Emmet Sullivan blocks the $6.3 billion merger of major office supply companies Staples and Office Depot, finding it would result in reduced competition and higher prices. The companies announce they are abandoning the deal. ](/news/2016/05/10/u-s-district-judge-emmet-sullivan-blocks-the-6-3-billion-merger-of-major-office-supply-companies-staples-and-office-depot-finding-it-woul.md) _Context: reduced competition and higher prices_
5. [Halliburton Co. and Baker Hughes Inc., the second- and third-largest oilfield service firms, announce the cancellation of their $28 billion merger which has faced opposition from U.S. and European antitrust regulators. Halliburton will reportedly have to pay Baker Hughes a $3.5 billion termination fee if the deal is called off. ](/news/2016/05/1/halliburton-co-and-baker-hughes-inc-the-second-and-third-largest-oilfield-service-firms-announce-the-cancellation-of-their-28-billion.md) _Context: reduced competition and higher prices_
6. [Both Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide and Marriott International shareholders approve Marriott's acquisition of Starwood, which will create the world's largest hotelier. The deal has cleared the pre-merger antitrust reviews in the United States and Canada; approvals from the European Union and China is pending. Last week, Anbang Insurance Group topped Marriott's bid, then withdrew their offer three days later. ](/news/2016/04/8/both-starwood-hotels-and-resorts-worldwide-and-marriott-international-shareholders-approve-marriott-s-acquisition-of-starwood-which-will-cr.md) _Context: reduced competition and higher prices_
7. [Bloomberg News reports Verizon Communications plans a bid for Yahoo Inc.-s Web business, including Yahoo Japan Corp., next week. Google, Time Inc., and private equity funds Bain and TPG are considering bidding for Yahoo-s core business. AT&T Inc., Comcast, and Microsoft Corp. reportedly aren't interested. ](/news/2016/04/7/bloomberg-news-reports-verizon-communications-plans-a-bid-for-yahoo-inc-s-web-business-including-yahoo-japan-corp-next-week-google-t.md) _Context: AT&T_
8. [The U.S. Federal Trade Commission files an anti-trust suit against Endo Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and several other drug companies for using pay-for-delay settlements to block consumers- access to lower-cost generic versions of pain medications, Opana ER and Lidoderm. ](/news/2016/03/31/the-u-s-federal-trade-commission-files-an-anti-trust-suit-against-endo-pharmaceuticals-inc-and-several-other-drug-companies-for-using-pa.md) _Context: reduced competition and higher prices_
9. [1Malaysia Development Berhad scandal: The United States Justice Department launches an investigation of money laundering associated with the 1Malaysia Development Berhad sovereign wealth fund, as well as the purchase of luxury properties in New York involving shell companies linked to Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak's step-son Riza Aziz and businessman Jho Low. ](/news/2015/09/22/1malaysia-development-berhad-scandal-the-united-states-justice-department-launches-an-investigation-of-money-laundering-associated-with-the.md) _Context: United States Justice Department_
10. [S&P Dow Jones Indices announces it will add the company Apple Inc. to its Dow Jones Industrial Average index of stocks on March 19, replacing AT&T. ](/news/2015/03/6/s-p-dow-jones-indices-announces-it-will-add-the-company-apple-inc-to-its-dow-jones-industrial-average-index-of-stocks-on-march-19-replacin.md) _Context: AT&T_
