### [2017-07-20](/news/2017/07/20/index.md)

# Six teenagers, four males and two females, from a Burundi robotics team are reported missing after competing in the FIRST Global Robotics Competition in Washington, D.C. A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year old girl reportedly crossed the United States border into Canada. There is no indication of foul play. 

Six teenagers from a Burundi robotics team have been reported missing after an international competition in Washington and two of them were seen entering Canada, police said on Thursday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-burundi-missing-usa-idUSKBN1A529Y)
1. [Cover Image](https://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20170720&t=2&i=1193774867&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXMPED6J1CT)

### Related:

1. [American pipeline operator Williams Partners has agreed to sell an olefins plant in Louisiana to Canadian chemical company Nova Chemicals for $2.1 billion. ](/news/2017/04/17/american-pipeline-operator-williams-partners-has-agreed-to-sell-an-olefins-plant-in-louisiana-to-canadian-chemical-company-nova-chemicals-fo.md) _Context: Canada, U.S._
2. [The protestors in the area of the Dakota Access Pipeline are evicted, clearing the way for the oil pipeline through Canada and the United States to be built. ](/news/2017/02/23/the-protestors-in-the-area-of-the-dakota-access-pipeline-are-evicted-clearing-the-way-for-the-oil-pipeline-through-canada-and-the-united-st.md) _Context: Canada, U.S._
3. [The immigration website of Canada crashes due to overflow, coinciding with the election in the United States. ](/news/2016/11/9/the-immigration-website-of-canada-crashes-due-to-overflow-coinciding-with-the-election-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: Canada, U.S._
4. [In response to the annual military drills, North Korea threatens to destroy Seoul and Washington, D.C. through nuclear weapons if provoked. Both South Korea and the United States insist the drills are for defense. ](/news/2016/08/23/in-response-to-the-annual-military-drills-north-korea-threatens-to-destroy-seoul-and-washington-d-c-through-nuclear-weapons-if-provoked.md) _Context: District of Columbia, U.S._
5. [In the United States, 14 of 175 cars of a CSX freight train derail in northeastern Washington, D.C., near a city subway station. There were three leaks; one, sodium hydroxide, is a hazardous material. All leaks, and a nearby gas line that was ruptured, are contained. Officials are unable to say when cleanup will be completed nor when train service will be restored. There were no injuries reported, and there was no residential evacuation. Amtrak and a Baltimore-Washington commuter rail service also use the line. ](/news/2016/05/1/in-the-united-states-14-of-175-cars-of-a-csx-freight-train-derail-in-northeastern-washington-d-c-near-a-city-subway-station-there-were.md) _Context: District of Columbia, U.S._
6. [Both Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide and Marriott International shareholders approve Marriott's acquisition of Starwood, which will create the world's largest hotelier. The deal has cleared the pre-merger antitrust reviews in the United States and Canada; approvals from the European Union and China is pending. Last week, Anbang Insurance Group topped Marriott's bid, then withdrew their offer three days later. ](/news/2016/04/8/both-starwood-hotels-and-resorts-worldwide-and-marriott-international-shareholders-approve-marriott-s-acquisition-of-starwood-which-will-cr.md) _Context: Canada, U.S._
7. [A group of United States mayors forms ""Mayors Against Discrimination"" in the wake of recent discriminatory laws enacted in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminatory-laws-enacted-in-north-carolina.md) _Context: District of Columbia, U.S._
8. [ The Health Information Trust Alliance, a nonprofit industry group, warns that hospitals in the United States must prepare for more ransomware attacks. A review late last year of some 30 mid-sized U.S. hospitals found 52 percent were infected with malicious software. This week, an attack on MedStar Health forced the largest healthcare provider in the Washington, D.C. area, to shut down much of its computer network. ](/news/2016/04/3/the-health-information-trust-alliance-a-nonprofit-industry-group-warns-that-hospitals-in-the-united-states-must-prepare-for-more-ransomwa.md) _Context: District of Columbia, U.S._
9. [U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron, at the upcoming Nuclear Security Summit in Washington, D.C., will announce a three-way deal with the United States and Euratom, the European Union nuclear agency, to turn nuclear waste into medical isotopes to help fight cancer. ](/news/2016/03/30/u-k-prime-minister-david-cameron-at-the-upcoming-nuclear-security-summit-in-washington-d-c-will-announce-a-three-way-deal-with-the-unit.md) _Context: District of Columbia, U.S._
10. ["Star Wars: The Force Awakens" becomes the highest-grossing film ever in the United States and Canada, overtaking "Avatar". ](/news/2016/01/6/star-wars-the-force-awakens-becomes-the-highest-grossing-film-ever-in-the-united-states-and-canada-overtaking-avatar.md) _Context: Canada, U.S._
