### [2017-07-20](/news/2017/07/20/index.md)

# SpaceX CEO Elon Musk says he has received federal government approval for The Boring Company to build an underground 760mph Hyperloop that will connect New York City and Washington, D.C.. 

Elon Musk has said he has received permission to build an underground east coast &quot;hyperloop&quot; that will connect New York and Washington DC in just 29 minutes. Mr Musk, best known for his electric car company and for his space venture Space X, said he had received verbal permission for his infrastructure and tunnelling firm, the Boring Company, to build a subterranean transportation system. Mr Musk, who has previously made claims that many have considered wild, did not say who he had received permission from, or the nature of the “verbal agreement”.


### Source:

1. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/gadgets-and-tech/elon-musk-hyperlook-new-york-dc-approval-announcement-philidelphia-baltimore-twitter-a7851481.html)

### Related:

1. [A group of United States mayors forms ''"Mayors Against Discrimination"'' in the wake of  recent discriminatory laws enacted  in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminatory-laws-enacted-in-north-carol.md) _Context: New York City, Washington, D.C._
2. [Elon Musk's SpaceX wins U.S. Air Force approval to launch military satellites. ](/news/2015/05/27/elon-musk-s-spacex-wins-u-s-air-force-approval-to-launch-military-satellites.md) _Context: Elon Musk, SpaceX_
3. [Demonstrations continue for a third day in New York City, Boston, Chicago, Cleveland, Jacksonville, Miami, and Washington, D.C. where protesters perform "die-ins" over the deaths of Michael Brown and Eric Garner. ](/news/2014/12/6/demonstrations-continue-for-a-third-day-in-new-york-city-boston-chicago-cleveland-jacksonville-miami-and-washington-d-c-where-protes.md) _Context: New York City, Washington, D.C._
4. [The United States commemorates the anniversary of the September 11 attacks with events in New York City, the Pentagon Memorial in Washington D.C. and in Shanksville, Pennsylvania, near where United Airlines Flight 93 crashed. ](/news/2010/09/11/the-united-states-commemorates-the-anniversary-of-the-september-11-attacks-with-events-in-new-york-city-the-pentagon-memorial-in-washington.md) _Context: New York City, Washington, D.C._
5. [ The Colombian diaspora celebrates Colombia's Independence Day with concerts and marches against violence, kidnapping and the FARC in Bogot, Leticia, the country's other 1,119 cities and municipalities, and events in cities around the world including  Paris (attended by Ingrid Betancourt), London, Washington, D.C., New York City and Miami. ](/news/2008/07/20/the-colombian-diaspora-celebrates-colombia-s-independence-day-with-concerts-and-marches-against-violence-kidnapping-and-the-farc-in-bogota.md) _Context: New York City, Washington, D.C._
6. [ The United States Department of Homeland Security reveals that it plans to reallocate anti-terrorism funding to cities across the nation. Funding to New York City and Washington, D.C. is cut, while funding in cities such as Omaha, Nebraska and Los Angeles, California increases. New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg's office calls the report's statement that there are no "national monuments or icons" in New York City "outrageous.](/news/2006/06/1/the-united-states-department-of-homeland-security-reveals-that-it-plans-to-reallocate-anti-terrorism-funding-to-cities-across-the-nation-f.md) _Context: New York City, Washington, D.C._
7. [ People's Republic of China President Hu Jintao has postponed his scheduled visit to Washington in the coming week.  He plans to meet with President Bush later in the month while attending the United Nations General Assembly in New York City. ](/news/2005/09/3/people-s-republic-of-china-president-hu-jintao-has-postponed-his-scheduled-visit-to-washington-in-the-coming-week-he-plans-to-meet-with-p.md) _Context: New York City, Washington, D.C._
8. [ Three British men are indicted by a United States court in a 2004 alleged plot to destroy financial institutions in the USA, including such notable landmarks as the New York Stock Exchange in New York City, the Prudential building in New Jersey, and the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund in Washington, D.C..  The U.S. claims that one is a senior Al-Qaeda member. ](/news/2005/04/12/three-british-men-are-indicted-by-a-united-states-court-in-a-2004-alleged-plot-to-destroy-financial-institutions-in-the-usa-including-such.md) _Context: New York City, Washington, D.C._
9. [South Australia finalizes a deal with Tesla, spearheaded by tweets originating from CEO of Tesla Elon Musk, to install a battery system in the state. Tesla said in a statement that upon completion by December 2017, the system would be the largest lithium-ion battery storage project in the world, overtaking an 80 megawatt-hour power station at Mira Loma in California also built using Tesla batteries. ](/news/2017/07/7/south-australia-finalizes-a-deal-with-tesla-spearheaded-by-tweets-originating-from-ceo-of-tesla-elon-musk-to-install-a-battery-system-in-t.md) _Context: Elon Musk_
10. [Six teenagers, four males and two females, from a Burundi robotics team are reported missing after competing in the FIRST Global Robotics Competition in Washington, D.C.  A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year old girl reportedly crossed the United States border into Canada. There is no indication of foul play. ](/news/2017/07/20/six-teenagers-four-males-and-two-females-from-a-burundi-robotics-team-are-reported-missing-after-competing-in-the-first-global-robotics-co.md) _Context: Washington, D.C._
