### [2016-05-19](/news/2016/05/19/index.md)

# Montenegro and NATO sign an accession agreement, paving the way for the country's future entry into the military alliance. All of NATO's members must now ratify the agreement, with Prime Minister Milo Dukanovic expecting Montenegro to join by mid 2017. 




### Source:

1. [Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty](http://www.rferl.org/content/montenegro-signs-nato-accession-agreement-may-19-/27744360.html)

### Related:

1. [The Parliament of Montenegro votes 46-0 to ratify Montenegro's membership of NATO, while opposition politicians boycott the vote and hold protests. ](/news/2017/04/28/the-parliament-of-montenegro-votes-46a0-to-ratify-montenegro-s-membership-of-nato-while-opposition-politicians-boycott-the-vote-and-hold.md) _Context: Accession of Montenegro to NATO, Montenegro, NATO, membership_
2. [Thousands protest and clash with police in Montenegro's capital Podgorica, demanding the immediate resignation of Prime Minister Milo Dukanovic. Dukanovic has rejected calls to resign and has accused the opposition of trying to prevent the country's NATO membership, saying he is convinced Russia is behind the unrest. ](/news/2015/10/24/thousands-protest-and-clash-with-police-in-montenegro-s-capital-podgorica-demanding-the-immediate-resignation-of-prime-minister-milo-aukan.md) _Context: Milo Đukanović, Montenegro, NATO, Prime Minister_
3. [The Kremlin condemns NATO's membership invitation to Montenegro, warning the step risks fueling geopolitical tensions in Europe. ](/news/2016/05/20/the-kremlin-condemns-nato-s-membership-invitation-to-montenegro-warning-the-step-risks-fueling-geopolitical-tensions-in-europe.md) _Context: Accession of Montenegro to NATO, Montenegro, NATO_
4. [Pro-Russian opposition parties protest against Montenegro's NATO membership, demanding a referendum on the issue. ](/news/2015/12/12/pro-russian-opposition-parties-protest-against-montenegro-s-nato-membership-demanding-a-referendum-on-the-issue.md) _Context: Accession of Montenegro to NATO, Montenegro, NATO_
5. [Montenegrin Prime Minister Milo Dukanovic resigns, citing a need for new leadership, and his intentions to turn to business. ](/news/2010/12/22/montenegrin-prime-minister-milo-aukanovia-resigns-citing-a-need-for-new-leadership-and-his-intentions-to-turn-to-business.md) _Context: Milo Đukanović, Montenegro, Prime Minister_
6. [Milo Dukanovic resigns as Prime Minister of Montenegro. ](/news/2010/12/21/milo-aukanovia-resigns-as-prime-minister-of-montenegro.md) _Context: Milo Đukanović, Montenegro, Prime Minister_
7. [With over 95 percent of votes counted, Prime Minister Milo Dukanovic's Democratic Party of Socialists receives the most votes in this quadrennial election, but, by five seats, fails to gain an absolute majority. Djukanovic says he will seek a coalition with parties of national minorities. ](/news/2016/10/16/with-over-95-percent-of-votes-counted-prime-minister-milo-aukanovia-s-democratic-party-of-socialists-receives-the-most-votes-in-this-quad.md) _Context: Milo Đukanović, Prime Minister_
8. [Russia announces it will deploy state-of-the art missile defense systems to the far eastern Kuril Islands where they and Japan have rival territorial claims dating to the end of the Second World War. Russian Defence Minister Sergey Shoygu also says that Russia will form new defence units in the country's Western Military District in response to NATO's recent deployment of forces to member states near its border. ](/news/2016/03/25/russia-announces-it-will-deploy-state-of-the-art-missile-defense-systems-to-the-far-eastern-kuril-islands-where-they-and-japan-have-rival-te.md) _Context: NATO, membership_
9. [NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg announces the invitation sent to Montenegro to join the military alliance, 16 years after the country, as part of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, was bombed by the alliance in the Kosovo War. Montenegro's accession would result in "retaliatory actions", according to a spokesman for Russian President Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2015/12/2/nato-secretary-general-jens-stoltenberg-announces-the-invitation-sent-to-montenegro-to-join-the-military-alliance-16-years-after-the-countr.md) _Context: Montenegro, NATO_
10. [Pro-Serbian opposition from the Democratic Front holds a mass protest rally in the capital of Montenegro, Podgorica, demanding the resignation of the government of Prime Minister Milo Dukanovic. ](/news/2015/09/28/pro-serbian-opposition-from-the-democratic-front-holds-a-mass-protest-rally-in-the-capital-of-montenegro-podgorica-demanding-the-resignati.md) _Context: Milo Đukanović, Montenegro_
