### [2016-05-19](/news/2016/05/19/index.md)

#  Philippine general election, 2016. In the Philippine general election, the Liberal Party emerges as the party with a plurality of seats in the Philippine Senate election, 2016 and Philippine House of Representatives elections, 2016. 




### Source:

1. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/2016-05/19/c_135372534.htm)

### Related:

1. [Freedom of speech in the Philippines. President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte threatens the "Philippine Daily Inquirer" with an expose. The newspaper has been a long-time ally of the politically prominent Aquino family (ever since the 1986 EDSA People Power Revolution), as well as the minority opposition Liberal Party (of which the Vice President of the Philippines Leni Robredo is its prominent member); both have been consistent in their criticisms of the Duterty presidency and its policies since its inauguration in 2016. ](/news/2017/07/1/freedom-of-speech-in-the-philippines-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-threatens-the-philippine-daily-inquirer-with-an-exposa-c.md) _Context: Liberal Party_
2. [The Liberal Party of the Philippines, the party of vice president Leni Robredo and detained senator Leila de Lima, formally becomes the opposition after its members and its ally from the Akbayan party are ousted from key positions in the Senate. ](/news/2017/02/27/the-liberal-party-of-the-philippines-the-party-of-vice-president-leni-robredo-and-detained-senator-leila-de-lima-formally-becomes-the-oppo.md) _Context: Liberal Party_
3. [Philippine vice president Leni Robredo defends her fellow Liberal party-mate Leila de Lima who was arrested for alleged drug trafficking. Robredo calls de Lima's arrest political harassment. ](/news/2017/02/24/philippine-vice-president-leni-robredo-defends-her-fellow-liberal-party-mate-leila-de-lima-who-was-arrested-for-alleged-drug-trafficking-ro.md) _Context: Liberal Party_
4. [A Philippine court orders the arrest of Duterte critic and Liberal senator Leila de Lima. She later voluntarily turned herself in the next day ](/news/2017/02/23/a-philippine-court-orders-the-arrest-of-duterte-critic-and-liberal-senator-leila-de-lima-she-later-voluntarily-turned-herself-in-the-next-d.md) _Context: Liberal Party_
5. [Philippine Drug War. Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte accuses the opposition Liberal Party of trying to oust him and install the current vice president Leni Robredo to the presidency. ](/news/2016/12/7/philippine-drug-war-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-accuses-the-opposition-liberal-party-of-trying-to-oust-him-and-install-the-curren.md) _Context: Liberal Party_
6. [Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte accuses the Liberal Party of former president Benigno Aquino III and their allies of orchestrating an impeachment complaint against him regarding his anti-drug campaign. ](/news/2016/09/13/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-accuses-the-liberal-party-of-former-president-benigno-aquino-iii-and-their-allies-of-orchestrating-an-i.md) _Context: Liberal Party_
7. [Philippine general election, 2016. Filipino voters head to the polls for a presidential election with unofficial counts showing Davao City mayor Rodrigo Duterte with a commanding lead. ](/news/2016/05/9/philippine-general-election-2016-filipino-voters-head-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-with-unofficial-counts-showing-davao-city-m.md) _Context: Philippine general election, 2016_
8. [Philippine general election, 2016. Philippine candidate Grace Poe denies she will give way in favor of administration bet Mar Roxas ](/news/2016/05/5/philippine-general-election-2016-philippine-candidate-grace-poe-denies-she-will-give-way-in-favor-of-administration-bet-mar-roxas.md) _Context: Philippine general election, 2016_
9. [Philippine general election, 2016 CPP-NPA-NDF rebellion. Jose Maria Sison, who is the leader of the guerrilla Communist Party of the Philippines, says that the presidency of Rodrigo Duterte is "good for national unity." ](/news/2016/05/1/philippine-general-election-2016-cpp-npa-ndf-rebellion-jose-maria-sison-who-is-the-leader-of-the-guerrilla-communist-party-of-the-phi.md) _Context: Philippine general election, 2016_
10. [Philippine general election, 2016. The Commission on Election announced that the May 9 elections shall push through despite a massive breach on its database by hackers which puts 55 million registered Filipino voters at risk.](/news/2016/04/22/philippine-general-election-2016-the-commission-on-election-announced-that-the-may-9-elections-shall-push-through-despite-a-massive-breach.md) _Context: Philippine general election, 2016_
