### [2016-05-19](/news/2016/05/19/index.md)

# San Francisco Police Department Chief Greg Suhr resigns from his position several hours after a black woman is shot by police in San Francisco. 

San Francisco&#39;s police chief has resigned at the request of the mayor hours after an officer fatally shot a young black woman who was reportedly driving a stolen car and amid other racial issues.


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abc7news.com/news/sf-mayor-announces-police-chiefs-resignation-after-fatal-police-shooting-/1345944/)

### Related:

1. [Sanctuary cities: California and San Francisco sue the United States Federal government over its opposition towards sanctuary cities. ](/news/2017/08/14/sanctuary-cities-california-and-san-francisco-sue-the-united-states-federal-government-over-its-opposition-towards-sanctuary-cities.md) _Context: San Francisco_
2. [Monkey selfie: The United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit in San Francisco hears a case on whether or not a Celebes crested macaque owns its selfie. ](/news/2017/07/12/monkey-selfie-the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-ninth-circuit-in-san-francisco-hears-a-case-on-whether-or-not-a-celebes-crested-ma.md) _Context: San Francisco_
3. [UPS shooting in San Francisco: Four people, including the gunman, are dead, and six injured, after a man opens fire at people in a UPS building in the Potrero Hill neighborhood of San Francisco, California. ](/news/2017/06/14/ups-shooting-in-san-francisco-four-people-including-the-gunman-are-dead-and-six-injured-after-a-man-opens-fire-at-people-in-a-ups-build.md) _Context: San Francisco_
4. [American Airlines announces it is investigating a viral video of an incident on a San Francisco to Dallas flight which shows a male flight attendant upsetting a female passenger, who he had allegedly forcefully taken a baby buggy from, and threatening to fight a male passenger. The American Airlines employee has been suspended. ](/news/2017/04/22/american-airlines-announces-it-is-investigating-a-viral-video-of-an-incident-on-a-san-francisco-to-dallas-flight-which-shows-a-male-flight-a.md) _Context: San Francisco_
5. [Uber suspends tests of its self-driving cars in San Francisco, California, after the California Department of Motor Vehicles revoked the registration of the vehicles in the state in response to two red-light violations. ](/news/2016/12/21/uber-suspends-tests-of-its-self-driving-cars-in-san-francisco-california-after-the-california-department-of-motor-vehicles-revoked-the-reg.md) _Context: San Francisco_
6. [Philippines-United States relations: The San Francisco Police Department halts a training program between itself and the Philippine National Police over allegations of civil rights violations committed under the guise of the Philippine Drug War. ](/news/2016/10/27/philippines-united-states-relations-the-san-francisco-police-department-halts-a-training-program-between-itself-and-the-philippine-nation.md) _Context: San Francisco Police Department_
7. [U.S. District Judge Charles R. Breyer in San Francisco approves German automaker Volkswagen $14.7 billion settlement with federal and California regulators and the owners of the 475,000 polluting diesel vehicles over diesel emissions cheating scandal. Volkswagen still faces billions of dollars more in fines and litigation. ](/news/2016/10/25/u-s-district-judge-charles-r-breyer-in-san-francisco-approves-german-automaker-volkswagen-14-7-billion-settlement-with-federal-and-califo.md) _Context: San Francisco_
8. [November 2015 Paris attacks: The father of Cal State Long Beach student Nohemi Gonzalez, the only American killed in the November 13, 2015, Paris massacre, files suit in San Francisco, California, federal court against Twitter, Facebook, and Google, alleging the companies provided "material support" to the Islamic State and other extremist groups. While generally free of liability under U.S. law which provides a legal "safe harbor" for content posted, this case targets the behavior social media companies enable. The suit is very similar to a case brought against Twitter in January by the widow of a contractor killed in the November 9, 2015, attack in Jordan. ](/news/2016/06/15/november-2015-paris-attacks-the-father-of-cal-state-long-beach-student-nohemi-gonzalez-the-only-american-killed-in-the-november-13-2015.md) _Context: San Francisco_
9. [LGBT rights in the United States: A group of United States mayors forms ""Mayors Against Discrimination"" in the wake of recent discriminatory laws enacted in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/lgbt-rights-in-the-united-states-a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminato.md) _Context: San Francisco_
10. [General Motors acquires Cruise Automation, a three-year old software company that's been testing self-driving cars on the streets of San Francisco. ](/news/2016/03/11/general-motors-acquires-cruise-automation-a-three-year-old-software-company-that-s-been-testing-self-driving-cars-on-the-streets-of-san-fra.md) _Context: San Francisco_
