### [2016-05-19](/news/2016/05/19/index.md)

# Syrian government forces and allies, including Lebanese Hezbollah fighters, retake a large area southeast of Damascus, including the key town of Deir al-Asafir. 

Syrian government forces recapture a large area south-east of Damascus from rebel groups, including the key town of Deir al-Asafir, activists say.


### Source:

1. [Al Arabiya](http://english.alarabiya.net/en/News/middle-east/2016/05/19/Monitor-Syria-regime-retakes-key-town-outside-capital.html)
2. [Ara News](http://aranews.net/2016/05/dozens-killed-as-internal-clashes-escalate-between-syrian-islamist-groups-near-damascus/)
3. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-36333199)
4. [Swiss Info](http://www.swissinfo.ch/eng/fighting-among-syrian-rebels-kills-more-than-50---british-monitor/42160550)

### Related:

1. [A missile-strike in Jaramana in southern Syria kills high-ranking Lebanese Hezbollah commander Samir Kuntar and eight National Defence Force (NDF) personnel. The responsibility for the incident taken by the Free Syrian Army, though Hezbollah alleges Israeli involvement. Kuntar was the longest serving Lebanese prisoner in Israel until his release in 2008. On April 22, 1979 Kuntar and his team broke into an apartment building and kidnapped a father, 31-year-old Danny Haran, and his 4-year-old daughter, Einat, taking them to a nearby beach and killing them. ](/news/2015/12/20/a-missile-strike-in-jaramana-in-southern-syria-kills-high-ranking-lebanese-hezbollah-commander-samir-kuntar-and-eight-national-defence-force.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Syrian Civil War_
2. [The Syrian Army backed by Hezbollah fighters retakes a key airbase on the eastern outskirts of Damascus. The Marj al-Sultan airbase had been under rebel control since November 2012. ](/news/2015/12/14/the-syrian-army-backed-by-hezbollah-fighters-retakes-a-key-airbase-on-the-eastern-outskirts-of-damascus-the-marj-al-sultan-airbase-had-been.md) _Context: Damascus, Hezbollah, Syrian Civil War_
3. [The Israeli Air Force reportedly conducts an airstrike near Damascus International Airport, in Syria's capital, the target apparently a weapons shipment reportedly intended for Lebanese terrorist organization Hezbollah, according to Syrian opposition groups. ](/news/2015/11/11/the-israeli-air-force-reportedly-conducts-an-airstrike-near-damascus-international-airport-in-syria-s-capital-the-target-apparently-a-weap.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Following Russian airstrikes, the Syrian army and allied Lebanese Hezbollah militia take control of a highland area in Idlib province close to insurgent-held positions, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2015/10/11/following-russian-airstrikes-the-syrian-army-and-allied-lebanese-hezbollah-militia-take-control-of-a-highland-area-in-idlib-province-close.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Fighting resumes in Syria near the Lebanese border and Idlib Governorate as a temporary ceasefire between the Syrian government, its ally Hezbollah and an alliance of insurgent groups ends. ](/news/2015/08/15/fighting-resumes-in-syria-near-the-lebanese-border-and-idlib-governorate-as-a-temporary-ceasefire-between-the-syrian-government-its-ally-he.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Syrian Civil War_
6. [The Israeli Air Force bombs two Syrian Armed Forces bases near Damascus and the town of Dimas, according to Russian and Syrian sources. ](/news/2014/12/7/the-israeli-air-force-bombs-two-syrian-armed-forces-bases-near-damascus-and-the-town-of-dimas-according-to-russian-and-syrian-sources.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Civil War, military_
7. [A Lebanese man protesting against Hezbollah's role in the Syrian civil war is shot dead outside the Iranian embassy in Beirut. ](/news/2013/06/9/a-lebanese-man-protesting-against-hezbollah-s-role-in-the-syrian-civil-war-is-shot-dead-outside-the-iranian-embassy-in-beirut.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Syrian Civil War_
8. [CJTF-OIR jets destroy a section of road blocking the path of a convoy carrying ISIL evacuees from the Lebanon-Syria border en route to Abu Kamal in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. The convoy, carrying 308 militants and 331 civilians according to Hezbollah, is now effectively stranded in Syrian government-controlled territory. ](/news/2017/08/30/cjtfaoir-jets-destroy-a-section-of-road-blocking-the-path-of-a-convoy-carrying-isil-evacuees-from-the-lebanonasyria-border-en-route-to-a.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Syrian Civil War_
9. [A day after a Russian sponsored ceasefire with a rebel group agreed a halt of fighting in the last opposition enclave in the capital, Syrian government airplanes and artillery strike rebel-held eastern Damascus suburbs and Ghouta with barrel bombs, killing at least five civilians in the towns of Hamouriya and Zalamka with several case of suffocation from rockets filled with chlorine that were fired at the front lines of Jobar and Ain Terma. ](/news/2017/08/19/a-day-after-a-russian-sponsored-ceasefire-with-a-rebel-group-agreed-a-halt-of-fighting-in-the-last-opposition-enclave-in-the-capital-syrian.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Three suicide bombers in Damascus kill at least 21 people and wound 12 others. ](/news/2017/07/2/three-suicide-bombers-in-damascus-kill-at-least-21-people-and-wound-12-others.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Civil War_
