### [2004-06-10](/news/2004/06/10/index.md)

#  Musician Ray Charles dies due to liver failure/hepatitis C at his home in Beverly Hills, California, surrounded by family and friends.




### Related:

1. [The 73rd Golden Globe Awards are held at the Beverly Hilton in Beverly Hills, California. ](/news/2016/01/10/the-73rd-golden-globe-awards-are-held-at-the-beverly-hilton-in-beverly-hills-california.md) _Context: Beverly Hills, California_
2. [The Motion Picture Academy announces the nominees for the 87th Academy Awards best picture at the Samuel Goldwyn Theater in Beverly Hills, California. The nominations are "American Sniper", "Birdman", "Boyhood", "The Grand Budapest Hotel", "The Imitation Game", "Selma", "The Theory of Everything", and "Whiplash". ](/news/2015/01/15/the-motion-picture-academy-announces-the-nominees-for-the-87th-academy-awards-best-picture-at-the-samuel-goldwyn-theater-in-beverly-hills-c.md) _Context: Beverly Hills, California_
3. [Gilead Sciences reports sales of US$2.27 billion for its new hepatitis C drug Sovaldi, the most ever for a drug during its first quarter on the market. ](/news/2014/04/22/gilead-sciences-reports-sales-of-us-2-27-billion-for-its-new-hepatitis-c-drug-sovaldi-the-most-ever-for-a-drug-during-its-first-quarter-on.md) _Context: hepatitis C_
4. [Researchers announce a new drug, ABT-450, with a 90-95% success rate at treating Hepatitis C. ](/news/2014/04/12/researchers-announce-a-new-drug-abt-450-with-a-90-95-success-rate-at-treating-hepatitis-c.md) _Context: hepatitis C_
5. [The Golden Globe Awards are held in Beverly Hills, California, with "12 Years a Slave" winning the Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture - Drama and "American Hustle" winning the Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture - Musical or Comedy. ](/news/2014/01/12/the-golden-globe-awards-are-held-in-beverly-hills-california-with-12-years-a-slave-winning-the-golden-globe-award-for-best-motion-pictur.md) _Context: Beverly Hills, California_
6. [A New Hampshire federal grand jury indicts David Kwiatkowski, 33, a former employee of Exeter Hospital in Exeter, New Hampshire, on fraud and product-tampering charges in connection with an outbreak of hepatitis C that sickened more than 30 people and caused concern in 7 states. ](/news/2012/11/30/a-new-hampshire-federal-grand-jury-indicts-david-kwiatkowski-33-a-former-employee-of-exeter-hospital-in-exeter-new-hampshire-on-fraud-an.md) _Context: hepatitis C_
7. [Beverly Hills police confirm Whitney Houston was underwater and unconscious when found in a bath in her Los Angeles hotel room last Saturday. ](/news/2012/02/13/beverly-hills-police-confirm-whitney-houston-was-underwater-and-unconscious-when-found-in-a-bath-in-her-los-angeles-hotel-room-last-saturday.md) _Context: Beverly Hills, California_
8. [American singer and actress Whitney Houston dies suddenly at the age of 48 at the Beverly Hills Hilton Hotel. ](/news/2012/02/11/american-singer-and-actress-whitney-houston-dies-suddenly-at-the-age-of-48-at-the-beverly-hills-hilton-hotel.md) _Context: Beverly Hills, California_
9. [Dame Helen Mirren, speaking as she received an award in Beverly Hills, USA, criticises the intentions of Hollywood filmmakers who "worship at the altar of the 18- to 25-year-old male and his penis". ](/news/2010/12/9/dame-helen-mirren-speaking-as-she-received-an-award-in-beverly-hills-usa-criticises-the-intentions-of-hollywood-filmmakers-who-worship-a.md) _Context: Beverly Hills, California_
10. [ Member of Parliament Peter Archer's report into the United Kingdom's tainted blood scandal chiefly blames United States pharmaceutical companies that provided contaminated blood plasma, thus infecting approximately 5,700 hemophiliacs with HIV or hepatitis C. ](/news/2009/02/23/member-of-parliament-peter-archer-s-report-into-the-united-kingdom-s-tainted-blood-scandal-chiefly-blames-united-states-pharmaceutical-comp.md) _Context: hepatitis C_
