### [2013-04-29](/news/2013/04/29/index.md)

# 2012-13 Iraqi protests:The government of Iraq shuts down 10 television stations including Al Jazeera, accusing them of encouraging the sectarian violence by Sunni muslims in the country. 

BAGHDAD - The Iraqi government ordered 10 predominantly Sunni Muslim satellite television channels to cease broadcasting Sunday, accusing them of encouraging the sectarian unrest that left...


### Source:

1. [Los Angeles Times](http://www.latimes.com/news/nationworld/world/la-fg-iraq-tv-20130429,0,5315356.story)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi authorities ban Qatar-based satellite television network Al Jazeera from broadcasting in the country and closes its offices in Baghdad, accusing it of violating government guidelines issued in 2014 to regulate media "during the war on terror". ](/news/2016/04/27/iraqi-authorities-ban-qatar-based-satellite-television-network-al-jazeera-from-broadcasting-in-the-country-and-closes-its-offices-in-baghdad.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Iraq_
2. [The death toll of the recent spate of anti-government violence in Iraq surpasses 190 as protests against the leadership of Nouri al-Maliki continue.  ](/news/2013/04/27/the-death-toll-of-the-recent-spate-of-anti-government-violence-in-iraq-surpasses-190-as-protests-against-the-leadership-of-nouri-al-maliki-c.md) _Context: 2012-13 Iraqi protests, Iraq_
3. [2011-2013 Iraqi protests:Ongoing protests by Sunni Muslims in Iraq against the government of Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki turn deadly, as clashes leave 7 protesters and 2 soldiers dead in Fallujah. More than 60 others are injured, and at least 3 soldiers are kidnapped by unidentified gunmen. ](/news/2013/01/25/2011a2013-iraqi-protests-pongoing-protests-by-sunni-muslims-in-iraq-against-the-government-of-prime-minister-nouri-al-maliki-turn-deadly.md) _Context: Iraq, Sunni muslims_
4. [ Al Jazeera airs an audiotape from Osama bin Laden saying al-Qaeda is making preparations for attacks in the United States but offering a "long-term truce" to rebuild Iraq and Afghanistan. ](/news/2006/01/19/al-jazeera-airs-an-audiotape-from-osama-bin-laden-saying-al-qaeda-is-making-preparations-for-attacks-in-the-united-states-but-offering-a-l.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Iraq_
5. [ Thousands of Iraqi Shia protest against Al Jazeera after a guest on a talk show on the network suggested that the Ayatollah Ali Sistani, Shia Islam's most senior cleric, should stay out of politics. ](/news/2005/12/15/thousands-of-iraqi-shia-protest-against-al-jazeera-after-a-guest-on-a-talk-show-on-the-network-suggested-that-the-ayatollah-ali-sistani-sh.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Iraq_
6. [  A tape, purporting to be of Saddam Hussein and to have been made on June 14, is broadcast on Al Jazeera, the Arabic language satellite television station. If it is Saddam, it marks the first public communication from the former Iraqi leader since his disappearance early on in the Invasion of Iraq. The United States military captures Turkish military personnel and lead them away with hoods over their heads.](/news/2003/07/4/a-tape-purporting-to-be-of-saddam-hussein-and-to-have-been-made-on-june-14-is-broadcast-on-al-jazeera-the-arabic-language-satellite-tel.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Iraq_
7. [U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District of Michigan, Mark A. Goldsmith, halts for 90 days the  mass deportation from the United States of more than 1,400 Iraqi nationals , including Chaldean Christians, to allow the plaintiffs time to appeal their cases. The American Civil Liberties Union petitioned for the injunction stating these people would face persecution in Iraq where they are considered ethnic and religious minorities. ](/news/2017/07/24/u-s-district-judge-for-the-eastern-district-of-michigan-mark-a-goldsmith-halts-for-90-days-the-mass-deportation-from-the-united-states.md) _Context: Iraq_
8. [The number of people displaced globally totals 65.6 million after an addition of 10.3 million people displaced in 2016. Syria, Colombia, Afghanistan, Iraq and South Sudan are the countries in the top five.  ](/news/2017/06/19/the-number-of-people-displaced-globally-totals-65-6-million-after-an-addition-of-10-3-million-people-displaced-in-2016-syria-colombia-afg.md) _Context: Iraq_
9. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: Iraq_
10. [The Iraqi army's chief of staff, Lt Gen Othman al-Ghanmi, states that his security forces are only days away from completing the operation to recapture Mosul from ISIL. ](/news/2017/05/11/the-iraqi-army-s-chief-of-staff-lt-gen-othman-al-ghanmi-states-that-his-security-forces-are-only-days-away-from-completing-the-operation-t.md) _Context: Iraq_
