### [2005-10-26](/news/2005/10/26/index.md)

#  5 people are killed in a bombing at a market place in the Israeli town of Hadera. Islamic Jihad claims responsibility for the attack. 

Terror returns to Israel’s cities: Suicide bomber strikes in market in Hadera, north of Tel Aviv and scene of several previous attacks. Islamic Jihad claims responsibility for bombing


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4379052.stm)
2. [YNETnews](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3159743,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli forces have killed three Palestinian Islamic Jihad militants and detained five militants, including a senior member of the governing Hamas movement in two separate incidents in southern Gaza. ](/news/2006/08/24/israeli-forces-have-killed-three-palestinian-islamic-jihad-militants-and-detained-five-militants-including-a-senior-member-of-the-governin.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian Islamic Jihad_
2. [ An Israeli air strike hits a house in a refugee camp in the Gaza Strip. Israel claims that it is a command centre for the Palestinian Islamic Jihad. ](/news/2006/08/14/an-israeli-air-strike-hits-a-house-in-a-refugee-camp-in-the-gaza-strip-israel-claims-that-it-is-a-command-centre-for-the-palestinian-islam.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian Islamic Jihad_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: At least 32 people are injured, including one seriously, when a Palestinian suicide bomber detonates himself at a food stand near Tel Aviv's central bus station. Palestinian Islamic Jihad's al-Quds brigades claims responsibility for the attack. It is the first terrorist attack of the year in Israel. ](/news/2006/01/19/israeli-palestinian-conflict-at-least-32-people-are-injured-including-one-seriously-when-a-palestinian-suicide-bomber-detonates-himself.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian Islamic Jihad_
4. [ A leader of Islamic Jihad is killed in a shoot-out following an Israeli raid into the West Bank town of Jenin. ](/news/2005/10/16/a-leader-of-islamic-jihad-is-killed-in-a-shoot-out-following-an-israeli-raid-into-the-west-bank-town-of-jenin.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian Islamic Jihad_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli airstrikes on Palestinian areas continue. IDF planes and artillery strike Gaza knocking out power to parts of the city, destroy a bridge in Beit Hanoun, fire missiles at a Fatah Youth Centre, an office and a refugee camp in the central Gaza Strip. Israeli troops later raided offices of Hamas and Islamic Jihad in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/28/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-areas-continue-idf-planes-and-artillery-strike-gaza-knocking-out-power-to.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian Islamic Jihad_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A Palestinian Islamic Jihad suicide bomber kills himself and injures close to 50 people in the southern Israeli city of Beersheba near the main bus terminal. According to sources, the bomber was trying to make his way to Beersheba's Soroka Hospital. ](/news/2005/08/28/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-palestinian-islamic-jihad-suicide-bomber-kills-himself-and-injures-close-to-50-people-in-the-southern-israe.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian Islamic Jihad_
7. [ Two Israeli civilians and two Palestinian terrorists have been killed. The Israelis were killed by Palestinian terrorists on the Kisufim road in the Gaza Strip, and the IDF Engineering forces killed the two terrorists. The al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, the Popular Resistance Committees and Islamic Jihad all claimed responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2005/07/24/two-israeli-civilians-and-two-palestinian-terrorists-have-been-killed-the-israelis-were-killed-by-palestinian-terrorists-on-the-kisufim-ro.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian Islamic Jihad_
8. [ Dana Galkowicz, an Israeli woman, 22, dies in the moshav of Netiv Ha'asara after Palestinian militants fire more than a dozen Qassam rockets. Hamas, Islamic Jihad and the al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades all claimed responsibility, though Israel primarily suspects Hamas ](/news/2005/07/14/dana-galkowicz-an-israeli-woman-22-dies-in-the-moshav-of-netiv-ha-asara-after-palestinian-militants-fire-more-than-a-dozen-qassam-rocket.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian Islamic Jihad_
9. [ Palestinian Islamic Jihad claims responsibility for two suicide bombings against Israelis. A car bomb detonates in the Shavey Shomron Israeli settlement on the West Bank causing no Israeli casualties. In Netanya, a suicide bomber kills three women at the HaSharon Mall. ](/news/2005/07/12/palestinian-islamic-jihad-claims-responsibility-for-two-suicide-bombings-against-israelis-a-car-bomb-detonates-in-the-shavey-shomron-israe.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian Islamic Jihad_
10. [ Following an Israeli raid on the Palestinian city of Tulkarm, one Israeli soldier and one Islamic Jihad leader are killed. The soldier was killed in a gunfight with 3 members of Palestinian Islamic Jihad. The three were suspected to have been part of the cell which was involved in Tel Aviv "Stage" club bombing in February 2005. Shafiq Abdul Rani, the leader of the Jihad cell in Tulkarm was killed and another militant was arrested. ](/news/2005/05/2/following-an-israeli-raid-on-the-palestinian-city-of-tulkarm-one-israeli-soldier-and-one-islamic-jihad-leader-are-killed-the-soldier-was.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian Islamic Jihad_
