### [2005-10-26](/news/2005/10/26/index.md)

#  Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad quotes the founder of the Islamic Republic of Iran, Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, who called for the destruction of Israel, calling it a "disgraceful blot" that should be "wiped off the map". Ahmadinejad made the reference to 3,000 students during a speech at the "World without Zionism" conference. 

Get the latest international news and world events from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [AP](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory?id=1251789)
2. [Reuters](http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20051026/ap_on_re_mi_ea/iran_israel)

### Related:

1. [ International Quds Day:. Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad calls The Holocaust a "myth" and says that "the very existence of this regime is an insult to the dignity of the people" in referring to Israel at a Quds Day rally in Tehran. ](/news/2009/09/18/international-quds-day-iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-calls-the-holocaust-a-myth-and-says-that-the-very-existence-of-this-regim.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
2. [ The President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad indicates that he does not expect an attack by the United States or Israel because he considers George W. Bush to be a lame duck president. ](/news/2008/07/8/the-president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-indicates-that-he-does-not-expect-an-attack-by-the-united-states-or-israel-because-he-considers-g.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
3. [ Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad criticizes Israel in a three-day conference attended by Palestinian Hamas officials. He calls the Israeli regime "a rotten, dried tree that will be eliminated by one storm." ](/news/2006/04/14/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-criticizes-israel-in-a-three-day-conference-attended-by-palestinian-hamas-officials-he-calls-the-isr.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
4. [ Iranian Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki denies that Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said that he wanted Israel to be "wiped off the map", saying Ahmadinejad was misunderstood. ](/news/2006/02/20/iranian-foreign-minister-manouchehr-mottaki-denies-that-iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-said-that-he-wanted-israel-to-be-wiped-off-t.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
5. [ President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad remarks that Israel should be moved to Europe and the "issue will be resolved." His remarks were widely condemned as Holocaust denial by Israeli, European and American politicians, The Secretary General of the United Nations, Kofi Annan, issued a statement indicating that he "was shocked", while Saudi, Turkish and Iranian officials criticized his speech because it undermined a Mecca summit dedicated to showing Islam's moderate face.](/news/2005/12/8/president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-remarks-that-israel-should-be-moved-to-europe-and-the-issue-will-be-resolved-his-remarks-were-wide.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
6. [The first synchrotron in the Middle East, SESAME, opens in Jordan, marking a rare cooperation between Iran, Israel, Turkey, and the Palestinian Authority. ](/news/2017/05/16/the-first-synchrotron-in-the-middle-east-sesame-opens-in-jordan-marking-a-rare-cooperation-between-iran-israel-turkey-and-the-palestin.md) _Context: Iran, Israel_
7. [March 2016 Istanbul bombing. An explosion occurs in Taksim Square in Istanbul, Turkey, kills five people, including two dual citizenship Israeli-Americans and one Iranian citizen, and injures several dozen others. ](/news/2016/03/19/march-2016-istanbul-bombing-an-explosion-occurs-in-taksim-square-in-istanbul-turkey-kills-five-people-including-two-dual-citizenship-isr.md) _Context: Iran, Israel_
8. [The Israeli government outlaws the northern branch of the Islamic Movement in Israel, declaring it "an illegal organization". The northern branch of the Islamic Movement is led by Raed Salah, who has been convicted in court of numerous activities, including funding Hamas, contacting an Iranian agent, assaulting a police officer, and leading a violent protest. ](/news/2015/11/17/the-israeli-government-outlaws-the-northern-branch-of-the-islamic-movement-in-israel-declaring-it-an-illegal-organization-the-northern-b.md) _Context: Iran, Israel_
9. [Russian president Vladimir Putin lifts the ban on delivery of S-300 missile air defense systems to Iran in connection to the nuclear dialogue. Israel and the United States oppose the deal on the grounds that Iran is a state sponsor of terrorism. ](/news/2015/04/13/russian-president-vladimir-putin-lifts-the-ban-on-delivery-of-s-300-missile-air-defense-systems-to-iran-in-connection-to-the-nuclear-dialogu.md) _Context: Iran, Israel_
10. [The new Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad-Javad Zarif says Iran doesn't deny the Holocaust. "The man who was perceived to be denying it is now gone. Happy New Year," he adds. ](/news/2013/09/5/the-new-iranian-foreign-minister-mohammad-javad-zarif-says-iran-doesn-t-deny-the-holocaust-the-man-who-was-perceived-to-be-denying-it-is-n.md) _Context: Iran, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
