### [2015-06-11](/news/2015/06/11/index.md)

# A court in the American city of Cleveland, Ohio, finds probable cause that Cleveland Police Department officer Timothy Loehmann should face murder charges in relation to the shooting of Tamar Rice. 

The opinion was released Thursday after a group of local clergy and activists filed affidavits asking the municipal court to find probable cause to arrest Timothy Loehmann and Frank Garmback on aggravated murder and other charges.


### Source:

1. [Cleveland.com](http://www.cleveland.com/metro/index.ssf/2015/06/judge_finds_probable_cause_for.html)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. city of Cleveland, Ohio, agrees to pay $6 million to settle a wrongful death civil rights lawsuit brought by the family of Tamir Rice. Rice was a 12-year-old boy who was  walking outside a recreation center holding an air pellet gun when he was shot and killed by a Cleveland Police officer on November 22, 2014. Prosecutor Tim McGinty reported in December 2015 that an Ohio grand jury  decided not to indict the police officers. ](/news/2016/04/25/the-u-s-city-of-cleveland-ohio-agrees-to-pay-6-million-to-settle-a-wrongful-death-civil-rights-lawsuit-brought-by-the-family-of-tamir-ri.md) _Context: Cleveland, Shooting of Tamir Rice_
2. [The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-expands-beyond-ohio-with-the.md) _Context: Cleveland_
3. [Cleveland police search for a suspect identified in a Facebook video showing one man shooting an elderly man. ](/news/2017/04/16/cleveland-police-search-for-a-suspect-identified-in-a-facebook-video-showing-one-man-shooting-an-elderly-man.md) _Context: Cleveland_
4. [The 2016 Republican National Convention gets underway in Cleveland, Ohio. With the day's theme being national and local security, notable speakers include reality television star Willie Robertson, actor Scott Baio, former Governor of Texas Rick Perry, former Mayor of New York City Rudy Giuliani, Milwaukee County sheriff David Clarke, retired United States Army lieutenant general Michael T. Flynn and Melania Trump, wife of presumptive Republican nominee for President of the United States Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/07/18/the-2016-republican-national-convention-gets-underway-in-cleveland-ohio-with-the-day-s-theme-being-national-and-local-security-notable-sp.md) _Context: Cleveland_
5. [A federal district judge, in a suit brought by the American Civil Liberties Union, rules Cleveland's regulations governing protests and marches during next month's Republican National Convention infringe on the right of free expression. Judge James Gwin orders both sides into mediation to begin negotiating new rules with another federal judge overseeing those talks. ](/news/2016/06/23/a-federal-district-judge-in-a-suit-brought-by-the-american-civil-liberties-union-rules-cleveland-s-regulations-governing-protests-and-marc.md) _Context: Cleveland_
6. [The Colorado Republican Party continues choosing its delegates to the 2016 Republican National Convention in Cleveland.  Ted Cruz has swept all of the delegates available so far.  The process which began last Saturday (April 2, 2016) will conclude tomorrow. ](/news/2016/04/8/the-colorado-republican-party-continues-choosing-its-delegates-to-the-2016-republican-national-convention-in-cleveland-ted-cruz-has-swept.md) _Context: Cleveland_
7. [The United States Secret Service says only law enforcement officers will be allowed to have guns inside the Republican National Convention to be held in the Cleveland, Ohio, arena on  July 18-21, 2016; responding to an online petition  demanding  Quicken Loans Arena revoke its ban on  open carrying of firearms. ](/news/2016/03/28/the-united-states-secret-service-says-only-law-enforcement-officers-will-be-allowed-to-have-guns-inside-the-republican-national-convention-t.md) _Context: Cleveland_
8. [The United States-based Sherwin-Williams Company agrees to acquire rival U.S. paint company Valspar Corporation in an all-cash deal valued at about $9.3 billion (8.2 billion euros). ](/news/2016/03/20/the-united-states-based-sherwin-williams-company-agrees-to-acquire-rival-u-s-paint-company-valspar-corporation-in-an-all-cash-deal-valued-a.md) _Context: Cleveland_
9. [Cleveland Police Department officer Michael Brelo is acquitted of manslaughter in relation to the 2012 deaths of Timothy Russell and Malissa Williams following a  a police chase. There are multiple arrests in protests afterwards ](/news/2015/05/23/cleveland-police-department-officer-michael-brelo-is-acquitted-of-manslaughter-in-relation-to-the-2012-deaths-of-timothy-russell-and-malissa.md) _Context: Cleveland Police Department_
10. [Demonstrations continue for a third day in New York City, Boston, Chicago, Cleveland, Jacksonville, Miami, and Washington, D.C. where protesters perform "die-ins" over the deaths of Michael Brown and Eric Garner. ](/news/2014/12/6/demonstrations-continue-for-a-third-day-in-new-york-city-boston-chicago-cleveland-jacksonville-miami-and-washington-d-c-where-protes.md) _Context: Cleveland_
