### [2015-06-11](/news/2015/06/11/index.md)

# Al-Qaeda's affiliate in Syria, the Al-Nusra Front, shoots dead at least 20 Druze villagers in Idlib in what is being described as a "massacre". 

Jabhat al-Nusra, al-Qaeda&#039;s Syria branch, shot dead at least 20 members of the minority sect in the north of the country, where it has reportedly forced hundreds to convert to Sunni Islam


### Source:

1. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/middleeast/syria/11667731/Al-Qaeda-fighters-in-Syria-massacre-Druze-villagers.html)
1. [Cover Image](http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/03338/al-nusra-al-qaeda_3338031k.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Russian airstrikes on a Al-Nusra Front (Al-Qaeda's branch in Syria)-run prison complex in the northern town of Maarrat al-Nu'man, Idlib, leaves nearly 60 people dead. Most of those killed were rebels imprisoned by Al-Nusra, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2016/01/9/russian-airstrikes-on-a-al-nusra-front-al-qaeda-s-branch-in-syria-run-prison-complex-in-the-northern-town-of-maarrat-al-nu-man-idlib-lea.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian Civil War, al-Nusra_
2. [Islamist rebels including the al-Qaeda-affiliated al-Nusra Front claim to have captured most of the town of Jisr al-Shughur in the Idlib Governorate. ](/news/2015/04/25/islamist-rebels-including-the-al-qaeda-affiliated-al-nusra-front-claim-to-have-captured-most-of-the-town-of-jisr-al-shughur-in-the-idlib-gov.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian Civil War, al-Nusra_
3. [A toxic gas attack, allegedly by Syrian warplanes, kills at least 83 and injures many more in rebel-held Khan Shaykhun, Idlib. ](/news/2017/04/4/a-toxic-gas-attack-allegedly-by-syrian-warplanes-kills-at-least-83-and-injures-many-more-in-rebel-held-khan-shaykhun-idlib.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Around 1,500-2,000 people leave al-Waer district of Homs today for their preferred destination of either Northern Homs Governorate, Idlib Governorate or Turkish Army positions in Northern Aleppo Governorate. Up to 15,000 to 20,000 people including armed militants, their families and supporters will leave the besieged district in the coming weeks with the rest of the population reconciling and receiving aid. ](/news/2017/03/18/around-1-500a2-000-people-leave-al-waer-district-of-homs-today-for-their-preferred-destination-of-either-northern-homs-governorate-idlib.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Rival fighters between Tahrir al-Sham and Jund al-Aqsa clash in Syria's northern Idlib Governorate, killing "dozens" according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2017/02/14/rival-fighters-between-tahrir-al-sham-and-jund-al-aqsa-clash-in-syria-s-northern-idlib-governorate-killing-dozens-according-to-the-syrian.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian Civil War_
6. [ The Syrian opposition agrees to surrender their remaining villages in the stretch between the Wadi Barada area and the Lebanon-Syria border, as well as the Rankous border-crossing in the Qalamoun Mountains, in exchange for transportation of at least 250 rebel fighters to their stronghold in the Idlib Governorate. ](/news/2017/01/31/the-syrian-opposition-agrees-to-surrender-their-remaining-villages-in-the-stretch-between-the-wadi-barada-area-and-the-lebanon-syria-border.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ceasefire-is-said-to.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, al-Nusra_
8. [The Syrian Army says it is now in full control of the city of Aleppo following the evacuation of the last group of rebels to the Idlib Governorate. ](/news/2016/12/22/the-syrian-army-says-it-is-now-in-full-control-of-the-city-of-aleppo-following-the-evacuation-of-the-last-group-of-rebels-to-the-idlib-gover.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Suspected Syrian or Russian warplanes conduct airstrikes on a residential area and a school in Haas village in rebel-held Idlib Governorate, killing at least 26 civilians, most of them children. ](/news/2016/10/26/suspected-syrian-or-russian-warplanes-conduct-airstrikes-on-a-residential-area-and-a-school-in-haas-village-in-rebel-held-idlib-governorate.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Before a ceasefire takes effect tomorrow, over 100 people have been killed and over 100 injured in airstrikes on rebel-held Idlib. ](/news/2016/09/11/before-a-ceasefire-takes-effect-tomorrow-over-100-people-have-been-killed-and-over-100-injured-in-airstrikes-on-rebel-held-idlib.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian Civil War_
