### [2015-06-11](/news/2015/06/11/index.md)

# Authorities from the Marshal's Service, the FBI, Customs, state and local police, and the Forest Police searching for 6 days in northeastern New York (about 25 miles south of the Canadian border, near Lake Champlain and Vermont, in the Adirondack Forest area, in Dannemora, New York and Plattsburgh, New York) for two high-risk murderers who staged an elaborate escape from the high-security Clinton Correctional Facility- the first there- the night of Friday, June 5, 2015 (it was discovered the next morning), using bloodhounds, find a scent and leftover evidence that could be from the two, Richard Matt and David Sweat. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2015/06/11/us/new-york-prison-break/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Vermont governor Phil Scott vetoes a bill legalizing marijuana in the state. ](/news/2017/05/24/vermont-governor-phil-scott-vetoes-a-bill-legalizing-marijuana-in-the-state.md) _Context: Vermont_
2. [Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders endorses Democratic Party rival Hillary Clinton for president at a rally in New Hampshire, effectively suspending his presidential campaign. ](/news/2016/07/12/vermont-senator-bernie-sanders-endorses-democratic-party-rival-hillary-clinton-for-president-at-a-rally-in-new-hampshire-effectively-suspen.md) _Context: Vermont_
3. [Voters in the U.S. states of Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Colorado, Georgia, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas, Vermont, Virginia, and the overseas territory of American Samoa go to the polls to vote on Super Tuesday. ](/news/2016/03/1/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-alabama-alaska-arkansas-colorado-georgia-massachusetts-minnesota-oklahoma-tennessee-texas-vermont-vi.md) _Context: Vermont_
4. [Tulsi Gabbard resigns as vice-chair of the Democratic National Committee and endorses Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders. ](/news/2016/02/28/tulsi-gabbard-resigns-as-vice-chair-of-the-democratic-national-committee-and-endorses-vermont-senator-bernie-sanders.md) _Context: Vermont_
5. [Former New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg is seriously considering a possible independent presidential run if Donald Trump or Texas Senator Ted Cruz face Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders in the general election. ](/news/2016/01/23/former-new-york-city-mayor-michael-bloomberg-is-seriously-considering-a-possible-independent-presidential-run-if-donald-trump-or-texas-senat.md) _Context: Vermont_
6. [Vermont Senator  Bernie Sanders presidential campaign fires national data director Josh Uretsky, and suspends two staffers  following Friday's announcement the campaign had improperly accessed and downloaded voter data belonging to Hillary Clinton's campaign. NBC News reports at least four individuals affiliated with the campaign were involved in the breach, which occurred Wednesday. ](/news/2015/12/20/vermont-senator-bernie-sanders-presidential-campaign-fires-national-data-director-josh-uretsky-and-suspends-two-staffers-following-friday.md) _Context: Vermont_
7. [The Democratic National Committee suspends Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders' presidential campaign's access to its national voter database after a member of his campaign staff took advantage of a software error to review Hillary Clinton's private campaign data. In response, the campaign files a lawsuit. ](/news/2015/12/18/the-democratic-national-committee-suspends-vermont-senator-bernie-sanders-presidential-campaign-s-access-to-its-national-voter-database-aft.md) _Context: Vermont_
8. [ Joyce Mitchell, who had smuggled hacksaw blades inside frozen meat to Richard Matt and David Sweat in prison, before withdrawing as their getaway driver, pleads guilty to a first-degree felony of promoting prison contraband and to a misdemeanor count of fourth-degree criminal facilitation. She faces up to 7 years in prison when sentenced. ](/news/2015/07/28/joyce-mitchell-who-had-smuggled-hacksaw-blades-inside-frozen-meat-to-richard-matt-and-david-sweat-in-prison-before-withdrawing-as-their-g.md) _Context: Richard Matt_
9. [Richard Matt, one of the two escapees, died from gunshot wounds south of the town of Malone, New York. ](/news/2015/06/26/richard-matt-one-of-the-two-escapees-died-from-gunshot-wounds-south-of-the-town-of-malone-new-york.md) _Context: Richard Matt_
10. [Nominally independent Senator Bernie Sanders from Vermont announces that he will be seeking the Democratic Party nomination in the US Presidential election. ](/news/2015/04/29/nominally-independent-senator-bernie-sanders-from-vermont-announces-that-he-will-be-seeking-the-democratic-party-nomination-in-the-us-presid.md) _Context: Vermont_
