### [2015-06-11](/news/2015/06/11/index.md)

# Boko Haram: Residents of northeast Nigeria claim that Boko Haram has killed at least 43 people and burnt down three villages in recent attacks. 

Boko Haram gunmen killed at least 43 people and burnt down three villages in northeast Nigeria, residents told AFP Thursday, the latest in an upsurge of attacks by the Islamist militants. Dozens of rebels on motorcycles stormed Matangale, Buraltima and Dirmanti in restive Borno state on Tuesday, opening


### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo! News](http://news.yahoo.com/boko-haram-kills-43-ne-nigeria-raids-residents-162751629.html;_ylt=AwrC1zEVuHlVQjoAXnbQtDMD;_ylu=X3oDMTByOHZyb21tBGNvbG8DYmYxBHBvcwMxBHZ0aWQDBHNlYwNzcg--)

### Related:

1. [Boko Haram insurgency: Boko Haram insurgents ambush an oil exploration team in the Magumeri area of Borno State, Nigeria, killing at least 69 people. ](/news/2017/07/30/boko-haram-insurgency-boko-haram-insurgents-ambush-an-oil-exploration-team-in-the-magumeri-area-of-borno-state-nigeria-killing-at-least-6.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Nigeria_
2. [Boko Haram insurgency: Chibok schoolgirls kidnapping: Nigerian officials report, as a result of negotiations, Boko Haram has released an estimated 82 schoolgirls who were among about 220 kidnapped from a secondary school in Chibok in Borno State in April 2014. ](/news/2017/05/6/boko-haram-insurgency-chibok-schoolgirls-kidnapping-nigerian-officials-report-as-a-result-of-negotiations-boko-haram-has-released-an-est.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Nigeria_
3. [Boko Haram insurgency: President Muhammadu Buhari announces that the Nigerian Armed Forces have successfully driven out Boko Haram militants from their last stronghold in the Sambisa Forest in northeastern Nigeria. ](/news/2016/12/24/boko-haram-insurgency-president-muhammadu-buhari-announces-that-the-nigerian-armed-forces-have-successfully-driven-out-boko-haram-militants.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Nigeria_
4. [Boko Haram insurgency: The United Nations and Nigeria come to an agreement to release 876 children being held due to suspicions that they are tied to Boko Haram. ](/news/2016/10/30/boko-haram-insurgency-the-united-nations-and-nigeria-come-to-an-agreement-to-release-876-children-being-held-due-to-suspicions-that-they-ar.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Nigeria_
5. [Boko Haram insurgency: Suspected Boko Haram suicide bombers kill at least eight people in the Nigerian city of Maiduguri. ](/news/2016/10/29/boko-haram-insurgency-suspected-boko-haram-suicide-bombers-kill-at-least-eight-people-in-the-nigerian-city-of-maiduguri.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Nigeria_
6. [Boko Haram insurgency: The United Nations suspends aid to dangerous areas of Nigeria's northeastern Borno State following Thursday's attack by Boko Haram (ISIL in Africa) on a humanitarian convoy where two soldiers and three civilians were wounded. However, UNICEF noted, aid will continue to the capital Maiduguri. ](/news/2016/07/29/boko-haram-insurgency-the-united-nations-suspends-aid-to-dangerous-areas-of-nigeria-s-northeastern-borno-state-following-thursday-s-attack.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Nigeria_
7. [Boko Haram insurgency: Fighting in various remote villages in the Borno State of Nigeria kill at least one civilian and six Boko Haram militants. According to the Nigerian Army, they've rescued more than 5,000 hostages from the militants. ](/news/2016/06/26/boko-haram-insurgency-fighting-in-various-remote-villages-in-the-borno-state-of-nigeria-kill-at-least-one-civilian-and-six-boko-haram-milit.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Nigeria_
8. [Boko Haram insurgency: According to Medecins Sans Frontieres, more than 1,200 people have died of starvation and illness at a refugee camp for those fleeing Boko Haram in northeastern Nigeria. ](/news/2016/06/23/boko-haram-insurgency-according-to-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-more-than-1-200-people-have-died-of-starvation-and-illness-at-a-refugee-camp.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Nigeria_
9. [Boko Haram insurgency: Boko Haram militants attack a funeral in the village of Kuda in the Adamawa State of Nigeria, killing 18 women, with more reportedly still missing. ](/news/2016/06/17/boko-haram-insurgency-boko-haram-militants-attack-a-funeral-in-the-village-of-kuda-in-the-adamawa-state-of-nigeria-killing-18-women-with.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Nigeria_
10. [Chibok schoolgirls kidnapping: One of the girls kidnapped in 2014 by Boko Haram in Nigeria is found and reunited with her family. ](/news/2016/05/18/chibok-schoolgirls-kidnapping-one-of-the-girls-kidnapped-in-2014-by-boko-haram-in-nigeria-is-found-and-reunited-with-her-family.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Nigeria_
