### [2015-07-10](/news/2015/07/10/index.md)

# The United States State Department criticizes Thailand for deporting ethnic Uyghur back to China. The predominantly Uyghur Xinjiang province is the site of an ongoing political and religious crackdown in response to a wave of Muslim terrorist attacks in China. 

The ruling junta in the Southeast Asian country ordered 100 ethnic Uighur Muslims to return to China, where Washington says they &quot;could face harsh treatment and a lack of due process.&quot;


### Source:

1. [NPR](http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2015/07/09/421497316/u-s-criticizes-thailands-deportation-of-uighurs-to-china)

### Related:

1. [Chinese security forces have killed 28 members of a supposed terrorist group in the mainly ethnic Uyghur Xinjiang region. ](/news/2015/11/20/chinese-security-forces-have-killed-28-members-of-a-supposed-terrorist-group-in-the-mainly-ethnic-uyghur-xinjiang-region.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, Xinjiang, Xinjiang_
2. [Xinjiang conflict Chinese police apprehend and execute eleven Uyghur terrorists following an attack with 15 killed and 14 injured in Yarkant County, China. ](/news/2014/11/29/xinjiang-conflict-pchinese-police-apprehend-and-execute-eleven-uyghur-terrorists-following-an-attack-with-15-killed-and-14-injured-in-yarkan.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, Uyghur, Xinjiang_
3. [American consumer goods company Post Holdings agrees to acquire British cereal maker Weetabix Limited from China's Bright Food for $1.8 billion. ](/news/2017/04/18/american-consumer-goods-company-post-holdings-agrees-to-acquire-british-cereal-maker-weetabix-limited-from-china-s-bright-food-for-1-8-bill.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, United States_
4. [Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states-calli.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, United States_
5. [American-born panda Bao Bao arrives in China. ](/news/2017/02/23/american-born-panda-bao-bao-arrives-in-china.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, United States_
6. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte tells U.S. President Barack Obama to "go to hell" after the United States refuses to sell some weapons to his country, while also acknowledging the cooperation of Russia and China. ](/news/2016/10/4/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-tells-u-s-president-barack-obama-to-go-to-hell-after-the-united-states-refuses-to-sell-some-weapons.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, United States_
7. [Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte says he plans to cut ties with his country's former colonial ruler, the United States, while strengthening ties with China. ](/news/2016/10/20/philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-says-he-plans-to-cut-ties-with-his-country-s-former-colonial-ruler-the-united-states-while-strengthe.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, United States_
8. [China threatens the United States regarding the South China Sea and it will not accept a verdict in the Permanent Court of Arbitration. ](/news/2016/07/6/china-threatens-the-united-states-regarding-the-south-china-sea-and-it-will-not-accept-a-verdict-in-the-permanent-court-of-arbitration.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, United States_
9. [Both Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide  and Marriott International   shareholders  approve Marriott's acquisition of Starwood, which will create the world's largest  hotelier.   The deal has cleared the pre-merger antitrust reviews in the United States and Canada; approvals from the European Union and China is pending. Last week, Anbang Insurance Group topped Marriott's bid, then withdrew their offer three days later. ](/news/2016/04/8/both-starwood-hotels-and-resorts-worldwide-and-marriott-international-shareholders-approve-marriott-s-acquisition-of-starwood-which-wil.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, United States_
10. [The Military junta of Thailand gives the Royal Thai Armed Forces broad police-like powers. The military is now allowed to prevent or suppress over 27 types of offenses. The move created an outcry from human rights organizations and prompted the United States to express its concern over the growing influence of the military in the country. ](/news/2016/04/5/the-military-junta-of-thailand-gives-the-royal-thai-armed-forces-broad-police-like-powers-the-military-is-now-allowed-to-prevent-or-suppres.md) _Context: Thailand, United States_
