### [2007-10-8](/news/2007/10/8/index.md)

#  Air crews conduct search and rescue missions for an airplane carrying 8-10 passengers that is believed to have crashed in a mountainous area of the U.S. state of Washington 45 miles west of Yakima. 

Air crews launched a search and rescue mission at daybreak on Monday for an airplane carrying up to 10 people that is believed to have crashed in a mountainous area of Washington state, a state official said.


### Source:

1. [AP via Google](http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5hHL1kCfIX7wWHT2DzRNrR92MrQQAD8S5H7400)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/topNews/idUSN0822720920071008?feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews)

### Related:

1. [Mount Rainier National Park in the U.S. state of Washington is closed as police conduct a manhunt for a man who shot dead a park ranger on New Year's Day; the gunman, Benjamin Barnes, is eventually found dead. ](/news/2012/01/2/mount-rainier-national-park-in-the-u-s-state-of-washington-is-closed-as-police-conduct-a-manhunt-for-a-man-who-shot-dead-a-park-ranger-on-n.md) _Context: U.S. state, Washington_
2. [The U.S. state of Washington issues flood warnings. ](/news/2011/03/30/the-u-s-state-of-washington-issues-flood-warnings.md) _Context: U.S. state, Washington_
3. [ Six people are shot, one fatally, at the Jewish Federation of Greater Seattle in the U.S. state of Washington in a religiously-motivated killing spree. The killer identified himself as a Muslim American who was angry over the 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict. ](/news/2006/07/28/six-people-are-shot-one-fatally-at-the-jewish-federation-of-greater-seattle-in-the-u-s-state-of-washington-in-a-religiously-motivated-ki.md) _Context: U.S. state, Washington_
4. [ Scientists flock to an area about 300 mi off the coast of U.S. state of Washington to study what appears to be an ongoing undersea volcanic eruption. Accompanying earthquakes measuring up to magnitude 4.0 have numbered thousands per day. ](/news/2005/03/5/scientists-flock-to-an-area-about-300-mi-off-the-coast-of-u-s-state-of-washington-to-study-what-appears-to-be-an-ongoing-undersea-volcanic.md) _Context: U.S. state, Washington_
5. [ Mini-Tuesday: Five states hold primaries and two states hold caucuses for the Democratic presidential nomination. U.S. Senator John Kerry of Massachusetts wins primary elections in Arizona, Delaware, New Mexico, Missouri and North Dakota, which a best result is 51 percent in Missouri. Senator John Edwards of North Carolina wins in South Carolina. Retired U.S. Army General Wesley Clark narrowly wins in Oklahoma. Former Vermont Governor Howard Dean, who opted to focus on the Michigan and Washington primaries the following Saturday, polls poorly in all these primaries, with a best result is third with 18% in New Mexico. For the first time, Kerry obtains a majority of elected delegates to the 2004 Democratic National Convention, with 244 delegates to Dean's 121, Edwards' 102 and Clark's 79. Senator Joseph Lieberman of Connecticut, having earlier announced "Joementum", comes in second in Delaware and announces his withdrawal from the race.](/news/2004/02/3/mini-tuesday-five-states-hold-primaries-and-two-states-hold-caucuses-for-the-democratic-presidential-nomination-u-s-senator-john-kerry-o.md) _Context: U.S. state, Washington_
6. [ The U.S. Department of Agriculture announces that it believes the BSE infected cow detected in Washington state was imported from Canada in 2001. The location of the other 73 cows imported with it is unknown. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/3351547.stm]](/news/2003/12/27/the-u-s-department-of-agriculture-announces-that-it-believes-the-bse-infected-cow-detected-in-washington-state-was-imported-from-canada-in.md) _Context: U.S. state, Washington_
7. [ Fearing the state's BSE outbreak may extend beyond a single farm, the U.S. Department of Agriculture quarantines a second cattle farm in Washington state. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/3350227.stm]](/news/2003/12/26/fearing-the-state-s-bse-outbreak-may-extend-beyond-a-single-farm-the-u-s-department-of-agriculture-quarantines-a-second-cattle-farm-in-wa.md) _Context: U.S. state, Washington_
8. [Key housing bills pass in California, the U.S. state with the highest number of people suffering from homelessness and poverty. ](/news/2017/09/15/key-housing-bills-pass-in-california-the-u-s-state-with-the-highest-number-of-people-suffering-from-homelessness-and-poverty.md) _Context: U.S. state_
9. [Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-registration-data-from-president-d.md) _Context: U.S. state_
10. [Campaigning ends and voting begins in the suburbs of Atlanta in the U.S. state of Georgia between Republican Karen Handel and Democratic Jon Ossoff, where Republican Handel wins the election by a narrow margin. ](/news/2017/06/20/campaigning-ends-and-voting-begins-in-the-suburbs-of-atlanta-in-the-u-s-state-of-georgia-between-republican-karen-handel-and-democratic-jon.md) _Context: U.S. state_
