### [2007-10-8](/news/2007/10/8/index.md)

#  Washington plane crash Air crews conduct search and rescue missions for an airplane carrying 8-10 passengers that is believed to have crashed in a mountainous area of the U.S. state of Washington 45 miles west of Yakima. 

Air crews launched a search and rescue mission at daybreak on Monday for an airplane carrying up to 10 people that is believed to have crashed in a mountainous area of Washington state, a state official said.


### Source:

1. [AP via Google](http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5hHL1kCfIX7wWHT2DzRNrR92MrQQAD8S5H7400)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/topNews/idUSN0822720920071008?feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews)

### Related:

1. [Mount Rainier National Park in the U.S. state of Washington is closed as police conduct a manhunt for a man who shot dead a park ranger on New Year's Day; the gunman, Benjamin Barnes, is eventually found dead. ](/news/2012/01/2/mount-rainier-national-park-in-the-u-s-state-of-washington-is-closed-as-police-conduct-a-manhunt-for-a-man-who-shot-dead-a-park-ranger-on-n.md) _Context: U.S. state, Washington_
2. [The U.S. state of Washington issues flood warnings. ](/news/2011/03/30/the-u-s-state-of-washington-issues-flood-warnings.md) _Context: U.S. state, Washington_
3. [ Six people are shot, one fatally, at the Jewish Federation of Greater Seattle in the U.S. state of Washington in a religiously-motivated killing spree. The killer identified himself as a Muslim American who was angry over the 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict. ](/news/2006/07/28/six-people-are-shot-one-fatally-at-the-jewish-federation-of-greater-seattle-in-the-u-s-state-of-washington-in-a-religiously-motivated-ki.md) _Context: U.S. state, Washington_
4. [ Scientists flock to an area about 300|mi|km off the coast of U.S. state of Washington to study what appears to be an ongoing undersea volcanic eruption. Accompanying earthquakes measuring up to magnitude 4.0 have numbered thousands per day. ](/news/2005/03/5/scientists-flock-to-an-area-about-300-mi-km-off-the-coast-of-u-s-state-of-washington-to-study-what-appears-to-be-an-ongoing-undersea-volca.md) _Context: U.S. state, Washington_
5. [ The U.S. Department of Agriculture announces that it believes the BSE infected cow detected in Washington state was imported from Canada in 2001. The location of the other 73 cows imported with it is unknown. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/3351547.stm]](/news/2003/12/27/the-u-s-department-of-agriculture-announces-that-it-believes-the-bse-infected-cow-detected-in-washington-state-was-imported-from-canada-in.md) _Context: U.S. state, Washington_
6. [ Fearing the state's BSE outbreak may extend beyond a single farm, the U.S. Department of Agriculture quarantines a second cattle farm in Washington state. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/3350227.stm]](/news/2003/12/26/fearing-the-state-s-bse-outbreak-may-extend-beyond-a-single-farm-the-u-s-department-of-agriculture-quarantines-a-second-cattle-farm-in-wa.md) _Context: U.S. state, Washington_
7. [With a turnout of 23% eligible voters, 97% of the voters in Puerto Rico request that the island become a U.S. state. ](/news/2017/06/11/with-a-turnout-of-23-eligible-voters-97-of-the-voters-in-puerto-rico-request-that-the-island-become-a-u-s-state.md) _Context: U.S. state_
8. [A U.S. federal judge in Hawaii, finding the revised federal immigration/refugee executive order violates the U.S. Constitution's religious establishment clause, grants the state of Hawaii's motion for a nationwide temporary restraining order on these rules that were set to become effective at midnight. President Donald Trump vows to appeal this ruling. Two other federal courts held hearings on similar requests filed by the states of Maryland and Washington; neither of these judges issued a ruling. ](/news/2017/03/15/a-u-s-federal-judge-in-hawaii-finding-the-revised-federal-immigration-refugee-executive-order-violates-the-u-s-constitution-s-religious-e.md) _Context: Washington_
9. [The death toll in yesterday's attack rises to five people with the assailant captured in Oak Harbor, Washington. ](/news/2016/09/24/the-death-toll-in-yesterday-s-attack-rises-to-five-people-with-the-assailant-captured-in-oak-harbor-washington.md) _Context: Washington_
10. [In Seattle, Washington, a Seattle Fire Department crew, responding to reports of a natural gas leak in the Greenwood neighborhood, are caught in an explosion that injures nine firefighters. The explosion blew out windows in businesses and storefronts in the surrounding blocks, destroying three businesses and heavily damaging a fourth. ](/news/2016/03/9/in-seattle-washington-a-seattle-fire-department-crew-responding-to-reports-of-a-natural-gas-leak-in-the-greenwood-neighborhood-are-caugh.md) _Context: Washington_
