### [2011-07-17](/news/2011/07/17/index.md)

# British Home Secretary Theresa May will address MPs on Monday following revelations that the Metropolitan Police hired former "News of the World" deputy editor Neil Wallis to give PR advice. 

The home secretary is to address MPs following criticism over the closeness of the relationship between News International and the Met Police.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-14176339)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-14178051)
3. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-14180043)
4. [CNBC](http://www.cnbc.com/id/43784302)
5. [Mail Online](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2015677/Rebekah-Brooks-arrested-phone-hacking-scandal-News-International.html)
6. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/skynews/Home/UK-News/Rebekah-Brooks-Has-Been-Arrested-By-Police-Officers-Investigating-Phone-Hacking/Article/201107316032015?lpos=UK_News_Top_Stories_Header_0&lid=ARTICLE_16032015_Rebekah_Brooks_Has_Been_Arrested_By_Police_Officers_Investigating_Phone_Hacking)

### Related:

1. [Metropolitan Police detective April Casburn, who tried to sell information to the "News of the World", regarding the investigation into phone hacking scandal, is jailed for 15 months. ](/news/2013/02/1/metropolitan-police-detective-april-casburn-who-tried-to-sell-information-to-the-news-of-the-world-regarding-the-investigation-into-phon.md) _Context: Metropolitan Police Service, News of the World, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
2. [Conservative Party members of parliament vote in a second ballot to choose the next leader of the party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron. The Home Secretary Theresa May secured the highest number votes with 199, while Department of Energy and Climate Change minister Andrea Leadsom received the second highest amount, with 84. The Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove received just 46 votes and is eliminated from the race, meaning a run-off contest will now take place between May and Leadsom, with the result to be announced on September 9. ](/news/2016/07/7/conservative-party-members-of-parliament-vote-in-a-second-ballot-to-choose-the-next-leader-of-the-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-minister-d.md) _Context: Home Secretary, Theresa May_
3. [Home Secretary Theresa May gets 165 votes after the first ballot of Conservative members of parliament to select a new Leader and the next Prime Minister. Her nearest rival, Minister of State for Energy Andrea Leadsom, picked up 66 votes. Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove won 48 votes, and Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Stephen Crabb got 34 votes. Former Secretary of State for Defence Liam Fox is eliminated from consideration as he received just 16. Later, Crabb pulled out of the race and endorsed front-runner Theresa May. Fox also endorsed May. ](/news/2016/07/5/home-secretary-theresa-may-gets-165-votes-after-the-first-ballot-of-conservative-members-of-parliament-to-select-a-new-leader-and-the-next-p.md) _Context: Home Secretary, Theresa May_
4. [The new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Theresa May begins forming her ministry following the end of the Second Cameron ministry. The former Mayor of London Boris Johnson is appointed Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, Philip Hammond is appointed as Chancellor of the Exchequer, Amber Rudd is appointed Home Secretary filling Theresa May's former position, Liam Fox is appointed as Secretary of State for International Trade and David Davis is appointed as minister for the newly created Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union. ](/news/2016/07/13/the-new-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-theresa-may-begins-forming-her-ministry-following-the-end-of-the-second-cameron-ministry-the-f.md) _Context: Home Secretary, Theresa May_
5. [The British computer hacker Gary McKinnon wins his ten-year legal battle to avoid extradition to the United States after Home Secretary Theresa May tells the House of Commons she has blocked the order. ](/news/2012/10/16/the-british-computer-hacker-gary-mckinnon-wins-his-ten-year-legal-battle-to-avoid-extradition-to-the-united-states-after-home-secretary-ther.md) _Context: Home Secretary, Theresa May_
6. [UK Home Secretary Theresa May announces plans to introduce new laws to jail parents who force their children into arranged marriages. ](/news/2012/06/8/uk-home-secretary-theresa-may-announces-plans-to-introduce-new-laws-to-jail-parents-who-force-their-children-into-arranged-marriages.md) _Context: Home Secretary, Theresa May_
7. [British prime minister David Cameron allowed his former spokesman Andy Coulson, the ex-editor of the now-defunct "News of the World" tabloid, access to some of the British government's most sensitive secrets without full security clearance, the Leveson Inquiry is told. ](/news/2012/05/10/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-allowed-his-former-spokesman-andy-coulson-the-ex-editor-of-the-now-defunct-news-of-the-world-tabloid.md) _Context: News of the World, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
8. [News International phone hacking scandal: The House of Commons Culture, Media and Sport Committee publishes its report into phone hacking at the "News of the World". The committee concludes that Rupert Murdoch "is not a fit person" to run a major international company and exhibited "wilful blindness" to phone-hacking and other practices going on in his media empire. The report also accuses three News Corporation executives of giving misleading evidence. ](/news/2012/05/1/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-the-house-of-commons-culture-media-and-sport-committee-publishes-its-report-into-phone-hacking-at.md) _Context: News of the World, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
9. [News International phone hacking scandal: Singer Charlotte Church and her parents agree damages and costs of GBP600,000 (US$950,000) with Rupert Murdoch's News Group, publishers of the defunct "News of the World". ](/news/2012/02/27/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-singer-charlotte-church-and-her-parents-agree-damages-and-costs-of-gbp600-000-us-950-000-with-ru.md) _Context: News of the World, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
10. [In the United Kingdom, Home Secretary Theresa May announces plans to split the UK Border Agency into two separate organisations after revelations that hundreds of thousands of people were let into the country without appropriate checks. ](/news/2012/02/20/in-the-united-kingdom-home-secretary-theresa-may-announces-plans-to-split-the-uk-border-agency-into-two-separate-organisations-after-revela.md) _Context: Home Secretary, Theresa May_
