### [2010-06-22](/news/2010/06/22/index.md)

# At least 60 people are killed and hundreds disappear after a derailed train plunges into a ravine in the Republic of the Congo. The accident happened after the train left the coastal town of Pointe-Noire on the Chemin de Fer Congo Ocean (CFCO) line to the capital Brazzaville. 




### Source:

1. [DNA](http://www.dnaindia.com/world/report_around-50-killed-in-congo-train-crash-source_1399810)
2. [Dawn](http://www.dawn.com/wps/wcm/connect/dawn-content-library/dawn/news/world/19-republic-of-congo-train-crash-kills-at-least-48-hh-03)
3. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/skynews/Home/World-News/Train-Crash-Kills-Dozens-In-Republic-Of-Congo-Speed-Blamed-For-Derailment-In-Central-Africa/Article/201006415653497?lpos=World_News_First_World_News_Article_Teaser_Region_4&lid=ARTICLE_15653497_Train_Crash_Kills_Dozens_In_Republic_Of_Congo%3A_Speed_Blamed_For_Derailment_In_Central_Africa)
4. [TVNZ](http://tvnz.co.nz/world-news/around-50-killed-in-congo-train-crash-3605395)

### Related:

1. [An Ilyushin Il-76 cargo plane belonging to Aero-Service, flying from Pointe Noire to Brazzaville, capital of the Republic of the Congo, crashes into houses near Maya-Maya Airport during a thunderstorm. Congolese Red Cross officials say at least 32 people are confirmed dead in the crash, including six crew members and a police officer on board, as the search for victims continues. ](/news/2012/11/30/an-ilyushin-il-76-cargo-plane-belonging-to-aa-c-ro-service-flying-from-pointe-noire-to-brazzaville-capital-of-the-republic-of-the-congo-cra.md) _Context: Brazzaville, Pointe Noire, Republic of the Congo_
2. [Republic of the Congo presidential election, 2016: Fighting erupts between unknown assailants and police in the southern part of Brazzaville, capital of the Republic of the Congo, after a disputed Presidential election that brought Denis Sassou Nguesso back to power for a third term. The reason for the clashes is not immediately clear but they have taken place in districts where support for the opposition is strong. The government blames the violence on the Ninjas, a militant group active during the Second Republic of the Congo Civil War. ](/news/2016/04/4/republic-of-the-congo-presidential-election-2016-fighting-erupts-between-unknown-assailants-and-police-in-the-southern-part-of-brazzaville.md) _Context: Brazzaville, Republic of the Congo_
3. [2012 Brazzaville arms dump blasts: A series of explosions is reported at a munitions dump in Brazzaville, the capital of the Republic of the Congo, with at least 250 people dead. ](/news/2012/03/4/2012-brazzaville-arms-dump-blasts-a-series-of-explosions-is-reported-at-a-munitions-dump-in-brazzaville-the-capital-of-the-republic-of-the.md) _Context: Brazzaville, Republic of the Congo_
4. [The death toll in yesterday's train crash in the Republic of the Congo rises to 76. ](/news/2010/06/23/the-death-toll-in-yesterday-s-train-crash-in-the-republic-of-the-congo-rises-to-76.md) _Context: Republic of the Congo, yesterday's train crash_
5. [ Former Republic of the Congo rebel leader Pastor Ntumi returns to Brazzaville to take up a post as a junior minister. ](/news/2007/09/10/former-republic-of-the-congo-rebel-leader-pastor-ntumi-returns-to-brazzaville-to-take-up-a-post-as-a-junior-minister.md) _Context: Brazzaville, Republic of the Congo_
6. [Republic of the Congo parliamentary election, 2017: Voters in the Republic of the Congo return to the polls for the second round of an election for 139 National Assembly members, after the governing Congolese Party of Labour won 70 seats in the first round two weeks earlier. ](/news/2017/07/30/republic-of-the-congo-parliamentary-election-2017-voters-in-the-republic-of-the-congo-return-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-an-elect.md) _Context: Republic of the Congo_
7. [Republic of the Congo parliamentary election, 2017: Voters in the Republic of the Congo participate in the first round of an election of National Assembly members. ](/news/2017/07/16/republic-of-the-congo-parliamentary-election-2017-voters-in-the-republic-of-the-congo-participate-in-the-first-round-of-an-election-of-nat.md) _Context: Republic of the Congo_
8. [Republic of the Congo presidential election, 2016: Current President of the Republic of the Congo Denis Sassou Nguesso is reelected with 60 percent of the vote amid tight security and a communications blackout. Opposition leaders say that they will not accept the outcome. ](/news/2016/03/24/republic-of-the-congo-presidential-election-2016-current-president-of-the-republic-of-the-congo-denis-sassou-nguesso-is-reelected-with-60.md) _Context: Republic of the Congo_
9. [Republic of the Congo presidential election, 2016: Voters in the Republic of the Congo go to the polls with current President Denis Sassou Nguesso expected to extend his 32-year rule. Telephone, internet and SMS services have been shut down in what has been called a "media blackout." ](/news/2016/03/20/republic-of-the-congo-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-republic-of-the-congo-go-to-the-polls-with-current-president-denis-sassou-n.md) _Context: Republic of the Congo_
10. [Scientists announce the discovery of a remote mire the size of England in the Republic of the Congo. ](/news/2014/05/27/scientists-announce-the-discovery-of-a-remote-mire-the-size-of-england-in-the-republic-of-the-congo.md) _Context: Republic of the Congo_
