### [2010-06-22](/news/2010/06/22/index.md)

# General Stanley A. McChrystal, the top United States commander in Afghanistan, apologises for an article in ''Rolling Stone'' magazine in which he criticised senior members of the Obama administration. McChrystal is later summoned to Washington, D.C. for talks with Obama. 

In a new magazine profile, the top commander in Afghanistan, Army Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal, and his advisors appear to ridicule Vice President Joe Biden and are portrayed as dismissive of civilian...


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/world/us_and_canada/10372558.stm)
2. [The Los Angeles Times](http://www.latimes.com/news/politics/la-fg-mcchrystal-20100622,0,3049196.story)

### Related:

1. [Two weeks after the sacking of General Stanley A. McChrystal over comments that appeared in ''Rolling Stone'', a top French general is attacked for publicly criticising the United States-led war attempt on Afghanistan and questioning if the United States is controlling its allies. ](/news/2010/07/9/two-weeks-after-the-sacking-of-general-stanley-a-mcchrystal-over-comments-that-appeared-in-rolling-stone-a-top-french-general-is-attac.md) _Context: Afghanistan, General, Rolling Stone, Stanley A. McChrystal, U.S._
2. [Afghan rights group Afghanistan Rights Monitor (ARM) releases its report stating that 2010 has been the most violent in the landlocked country since the United States led an invasion in 2001, though notes a reduction in airstrikes - a policy favoured by former General Stanley A. McChrystal - has led to less civilian deaths via this method in 2010. ](/news/2010/07/12/afghan-rights-group-afghanistan-rights-monitor-arm-releases-its-report-stating-that-2010-has-been-the-most-violent-in-the-landlocked-count.md) _Context: Afghanistan, General, Stanley A. McChrystal, U.S._
3. [General Stanley A. McChrystal magazine remarks controversy:General Stanley A. McChrystal, America's top military commander in Afghanistan, submits his resignation after being summoned home by an "angry" Barack Obama due to his expression of critical opinions about senior American politicians and diplomats in a ''Rolling Stone'' magazine profile. Afghan President Hamid Karzai supports McChrystal, while the Taliban say the incident is "another sign of the start of the political defeat" for America's Afghan policies. ](/news/2010/06/23/general-stanley-a-mcchrystal-magazine-remarks-controversy-pgeneral-stanley-a-mcchrystal-america-s-top-military-commander-in-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan, General, Rolling Stone, Stanley A. McChrystal_
4. [General David Petraeus expresses doubt during an interview on American television that the United States will be able to definitely begin withdrawing from Afghanistan in 2011. ](/news/2010/08/15/general-david-petraeus-expresses-doubt-during-an-interview-on-american-television-that-the-united-states-will-be-able-to-definitely-begin-wi.md) _Context: Afghanistan, General, U.S._
5. [Two U.S. service members are killed and a third is injured during a raid against ISIL militants in Afghanistan's Nangarhar Province. ](/news/2017/04/27/two-u-s-service-members-are-killed-and-a-third-is-injured-during-a-raid-against-isil-militants-in-afghanistan-s-nangarhar-province.md) _Context: Afghanistan, U.S._
6. [The Obama Administration and Bush Administration had failed to publicly disclose up to thousands of lethal airstrikes the U.S. made in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria against ISIL, Al-Qaeda, and the Taliban via U.S. Army helicopters and drones. ](/news/2017/02/5/the-obama-administration-and-bush-administration-had-failed-to-publicly-disclose-up-to-thousands-of-lethal-airstrikes-the-u-s-made-in-afgha.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Obama Administration_
7. [Afghanistan's first female Air Force pilot Niloofar Rahmani files for asylum in the United States. ](/news/2016/12/25/afghanistan-s-first-female-air-force-pilot-niloofar-rahmani-files-for-asylum-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: Afghanistan, U.S._
8. [In response to the annual military drills, North Korea threatens to destroy Seoul and Washington, D.C. through nuclear weapons if provoked. Both South Korea and the United States insist the drills are for defense. ](/news/2016/08/23/in-response-to-the-annual-military-drills-north-korea-threatens-to-destroy-seoul-and-washington-d-c-through-nuclear-weapons-if-provoked.md) _Context: U.S., Washington, D.C._
9. [A U.S. service member becomes the first U.S. military combat casualty in Afghanistan since January 2016 when he is killed by an improvised explosive device (IED) while on patrol near the city of Lashkar Gah in Afghanistan's southern Helmand Province. Another American service member and six Afghan soldiers were also injured in the blast. ](/news/2016/08/23/a-u-s-service-member-becomes-the-first-u-s-military-combat-casualty-in-afghanistan-since-january-2016-when-he-is-killed-by-an-improvised-e.md) _Context: Afghanistan, U.S._
10. [In the United States, 14 of 175 cars of a CSX freight train derail in northeastern Washington, D.C., near a city subway station. There were three leaks; one, sodium hydroxide, is a hazardous material.  All leaks, and a nearby gas line that was ruptured, are contained. Officials are unable to say when cleanup will be completed nor when train service will be restored. There were no injuries reported, and there was no residential evacuation. Amtrak and a Baltimore-Washington commuter rail service also use the line.  ](/news/2016/05/1/in-the-united-states-14-of-175-cars-of-a-csx-freight-train-derail-in-northeastern-washington-d-c-near-a-city-subway-station-there-were.md) _Context: U.S., Washington, D.C._
