### [2010-06-22](/news/2010/06/22/index.md)

# Israel asks the United Nations to suspend attempts to organise an international inquiry into the Gaza flotilla raid, with Israeli Defence Minister Ehud Barak saying "some organisation, probably backed by a terror organisation, (is) once again trying to send a vessel into Gaza." 

Israel asks the UN to ditch an international inquiry into an Israeli raid on a ship trying to break the Gaza blockade.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/world/middle_east/10372283.stm)

### Related:

1. [Israel announces that Benjamin Netanyahu, Ehud Barak and Avigdor Lieberman have chosen Yosef Ciechanover, who formerly held posts in the Foreign Ministry, Defence Ministry and defence mission to the United States, to represent it on the United Nations panel to investigate May's Gaza flotilla raid. ](/news/2010/08/7/israel-announces-that-benjamin-netanyahu-ehud-barak-and-avigdor-lieberman-have-chosen-yosef-ciechanover-who-formerly-held-posts-in-the-for.md) _Context: Ehud Barak, Gaza flotilla raid, Israel, United Nations_
2. [Defense Minister of Israel Ehud Barak testifies before Israel's Turkel Commission investigating the country's role in May's Gaza flotilla raid, chaired by Israeli judge Jacob Turkel. His prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu yesterday testified that he had left Barak to "co-ordinate" the raid and response "in all of its aspects" while he visited North America. ](/news/2010/08/10/defense-minister-of-israel-ehud-barak-testifies-before-israel-s-turkel-commission-investigating-the-country-s-role-in-may-s-gaza-flotilla-ra.md) _Context: Defense Minister, Ehud Barak, Gaza flotilla raid, Israel_
3. [A Turkish ship carrying humanitarian aid for the Gaza Strip docks at the Israeli port city of Ashdod, the first warming move between the two countries since relations began to improve. Relations between Turkey and Israel were tense since the 2010 Gaza flotilla raid but ended last week when Turkey agreed to normalize ties in a diplomatic treaty. ](/news/2016/07/4/a-turkish-ship-carrying-humanitarian-aid-for-the-gaza-strip-docks-at-the-israeli-port-city-of-ashdod-the-first-warming-move-between-the-two.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Gaza flotilla raid, Israel_
4. [Canadian academic William Schabas resigns as the head of a United Nations committee investigating alleged Israeli war crimes in an offensive in the Gaza Strip during 2014 due to Israel alleging bias due to consultancy work he did for the Palestine Liberation Organisation. ](/news/2015/02/2/canadian-academic-william-schabas-resigns-as-the-head-of-a-united-nations-committee-investigating-alleged-israeli-war-crimes-in-an-offensive.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, United Nations_
5. [Operation Protective Edge:United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay condemns both Israel's military actions in the Gaza Strip and Hamas for "indiscriminate attacks" on Israel, and warns that war crimes may have been committed.  ](/news/2014/07/23/operation-protective-edge-punited-nations-high-commissioner-for-human-rights-navi-pillay-condemns-both-israel-s-military-actions-in-the-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, United Nations_
6. [Israel-Turkey relations:Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu apologizes to his Turkish counterpart Recep Tayyip Erdogan for the death of nine activists during a flotilla raid in Gaza in 2010 and offers compensation for their families. ](/news/2013/03/22/israelaturkey-relations-pisrael-s-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-apologizes-to-his-turkish-counterpart-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-for-the-de.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Gaza flotilla raid, Israel_
7. [Following over 150 rockets being fired into Israel over the past four days from Gaza and attacks by Israel, Egypt has mediated a truce. Both Hamas and Ehud Barak praise the efforts for peace. ](/news/2012/11/13/following-over-150-rockets-being-fired-into-israel-over-the-past-four-days-from-gaza-and-attacks-by-israel-egypt-has-mediated-a-truce-both.md) _Context: Ehud Barak, Gaza Strip, Israel_
8. [Israeli inquiry into the Gaza flotilla raid:An Israeli inquiry finds its own army acts "legal pursuant to the rules of international law" during May's fatal Gaza flotilla raid in which 9 Turkish activists were killed; a separate United Nations inquiry said there had been an "unacceptable level of brutality". The inquiry also declares Israel's naval blockade of Gaza to be legal. ](/news/2011/01/23/israeli-inquiry-into-the-gaza-flotilla-raid-pan-israeli-inquiry-finds-its-own-army-acts-legal-pursuant-to-the-rules-of-international-law-d.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Israel, United Nations_
9. [The United Nations says there has been "no material change" for people in Gaza since Israel announced it was easing its economic blockade. An Israeli spokesman stated that the reason for the blockade was "because the territory has been overtaken by a declared terror movement."](/news/2010/11/11/the-united-nations-says-there-has-been-no-material-change-for-people-in-gaza-since-israel-announced-it-was-easing-its-economic-blockade-a.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, United Nations_
10. [Turkey's Foreign Ministry summons Israel's ambassador after the Israeli Defence Minister Ehud Barak accuses the new head of Turkish intelligence of being a "friend of Iran". ](/news/2010/08/3/turkey-s-foreign-ministry-summons-israel-s-ambassador-after-the-israeli-defence-minister-ehud-barak-accuses-the-new-head-of-turkish-intellig.md) _Context: Defense Minister, Ehud Barak, Israel_
