### [2004-02-3](/news/2004/02/3/index.md)

#  British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw announces an independent inquiry, to be chaired by Lord Butler of Brockwell, to examine the reliability of intelligence on weapons of mass destruction in Iraq. His report, the Butler Review, is published on July 14.




### Related:

1. [Two former British foreign secretaries, Jack Straw and Sir Malcolm Rifkind become embroiled in a "cash for access" scandal. The two deny any wrongdoing and refer themselves to the Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards Kathryn Hudson.](/news/2015/02/22/two-former-british-foreign-secretaries-jack-straw-and-sir-malcolm-rifkind-become-embroiled-in-a-cash-for-access-scandal-the-two-deny-any.md) _Context: Jack Straw, Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs_
2. [ In a major Cabinet reshuffle, every person's post is changed, bar one. Alistair Darling becomes Chancellor of the Exchequer, David Miliband becomes Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, and Jacqui Smith becomes the first female Secretary of State for the Home Department. Alan Johnson takes Health, Jack Straw takes Justice and First Secretary of State, Hilary Benn takes Environment, Des Browne remains as Defence Secretary but also becomes Secretary of State for Scotland, and Ruth Kelly takes Transport. Douglas Alexander takes Secretary of State for International Development; Peter Hain remains Secretary of State for Wales but also becomes Work and Pensions Secretary; Shaun Woodward becomes Northern Ireland Secretary; John Hutton takes Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform Secretary; Hazel Blears takes Communities Secretary and Minister for Equality; James Purnell takes Secretary of State for Children, Schools and Families; and Tessa Jowell becomes Minister for the Olympics and will only attend Cabinet when required. Baroness Ashton becomes Leader of the House of Lords; Harriet Harman&mdash;Labour's deputy leader&mdash;becomes Leader of the House of Commons and Minister for Women; whilst Ed Balls becomes Children, Schools and Families Secretary. John Denham becomes Innovation, University and Skills Secretary; and Baroness Scotland becomes the new Attorney General of England and Wales. The Cabinet is set to change. ](/news/2007/06/28/in-a-major-cabinet-reshuffle-every-person-s-post-is-changed-bar-one-alistair-darling-becomes-chancellor-of-the-exchequer-david-miliband.md) _Context: Jack Straw, Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs_
3. [ Following significant Labour Party losses in the English local elections, British Prime Minister Tony Blair announces the largest Cabinet reshuffle of his tenure. The changes include sacking embattled Home Secretary Charles Clarke, the demotion of long-serving Foreign Secretary Jack Straw, and the stripping from Deputy Prime Minister John Prescott of his departmental portfolio. ](/news/2006/05/5/following-significant-labour-party-losses-in-the-english-local-elections-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-announces-the-largest-cabinet-r.md) _Context: Jack Straw, Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs_
4. [ British Foreign Minister Jack Straw announces that Iran has renewed its promise to refrain from developing nuclear weapons, and talks on its atomic program will continue following a meeting between Iranian nuclear officials and European Union ministers in Geneva. ](/news/2005/05/26/british-foreign-minister-jack-straw-announces-that-iran-has-renewed-its-promise-to-refrain-from-developing-nuclear-weapons-and-talks-on-it.md) _Context: Jack Straw, Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs_
5. [ Amid continuing unrest In Uzbekistan, the city of Andijan is sealed. British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw says there has been "a clear abuse of human rights" in Uzbekistan. ](/news/2005/05/15/amid-continuing-unrest-in-uzbekistan-the-city-of-andijan-is-sealed-british-foreign-secretary-jack-straw-says-there-has-been-a-clear-abus.md) _Context: Jack Straw, Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs_
6. [ One Dane and five of the nine Britons held without trial as terror suspects at Guantanamo Bay are to be released, probably within the next two weeks, according to British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw. The soon-to-be-released captives have been amongst the 660 detainees at the US base in Cuba, held for the past two years as suspected Al-Qaida or Taliban 'combatants'. ](/news/2004/02/19/one-dane-and-five-of-the-nine-britons-held-without-trial-as-terror-suspects-at-guantanamo-bay-are-to-be-released-probably-within-the-next.md) _Context: Jack Straw, Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs_
7. [The new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Theresa May begins forming her ministry following the end of the Second Cameron ministry. The former Mayor of London Boris Johnson is appointed Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, Philip Hammond is appointed as Chancellor of the Exchequer, Amber Rudd is appointed Home Secretary filling Theresa May's former position, Liam Fox is appointed as Secretary of State for International Trade and David Davis is appointed as minister for the newly created Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union. ](/news/2016/07/13/the-new-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-theresa-may-begins-forming-her-ministry-following-the-end-of-the-second-cameron-ministry-the-f.md) _Context: Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs_
8. [British Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond says 74-year old Karl Andree, who was facing 350 lashes in Saudi Arabia after being caught with homemade wine in his car, will be released within a week. ](/news/2015/10/29/british-foreign-secretary-philip-hammond-says-74-year-old-karl-andree-who-was-facing-350-lashes-in-saudi-arabia-after-being-caught-with-hom.md) _Context: Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs_
9. [William Hague stands down as the United Kingdom Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs as part of a cabinet reshuffle by Prime Minister David Cameron. ](/news/2014/07/14/william-hague-stands-down-as-the-united-kingdom-secretary-of-state-for-foreign-and-commonwealth-affairs-as-part-of-a-cabinet-reshuffle-by-pr.md) _Context: Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs_
10. [Voting also gets underway in the South Shields by-election to fill the parliamentary seat vacated by former Foreign Secretary David Miliband. ](/news/2013/05/2/voting-also-gets-underway-in-the-south-shields-by-election-to-fill-the-parliamentary-seat-vacated-by-former-foreign-secretary-david-miliband.md) _Context: Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs_
