### [2004-02-3](/news/2004/02/3/index.md)

#  Israeli Army Chief of Personnel Major-General Gil Regev tells a Knesset committee that the number of soldiers refusing to serve in the territories had dramatically decreased in 2003. He said that 26 persons had been imprisoned for refusal in 2003 compared to 129 in 2002, a decrease of 80%. The refusers' organization Yesh G'vul claimed that Regev's figures were "ridiculous" since 76 persons had been imprisoned for refusal in 2003.




### Related:

1. [An Israeli Army patrol kills four ISIL-affiliated militants after they open fire from positions in Syria near the Golan Heights. ](/news/2016/11/27/an-israeli-army-patrol-kills-four-isil-affiliated-militants-after-they-open-fire-from-positions-in-syria-near-the-golan-heights.md) _Context: Israeli Army_
2. [ A so-called "Muezzin Bill" which would limit the volume and usage time of loudspeakers in mosques during muezzin to decrease noise pollution is put to parliament in Israel and opposed by both Arab and Jewish ultra-orthodox parties. ](/news/2016/11/16/a-so-called-muezzin-bill-which-would-limit-the-volume-and-usage-time-of-loudspeakers-in-mosques-during-muezzin-to-decrease-noise-pollutio.md) _Context: parliament in Israel_
3. [Israel's Supreme Court blocks the government's plan, signed last December by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu with the U.S. Noble Energy and the Israeli Delek Group companies, to develop Israel's offshore gas deposits. The court found the so-called "stability clause," that would prevent Israel from making significant regulatory changes for the next 10 years, undemocratically restricts the Knesset's power. The government has one year to come up with an alternative arrangement or the plan will be canceled. ](/news/2016/03/27/israel-s-supreme-court-blocks-the-government-s-plan-signed-last-december-by-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-with-the-u-s-noble-energy-an.md) _Context: parliament in Israel_
4. [The Palestinian Ministry of Health says a 21 year-old man has died in clashes with Israeli Army soldiers. ](/news/2015/11/26/the-palestinian-ministry-of-health-says-a-21-year-old-man-has-died-in-clashes-with-israeli-army-soldiers.md) _Context: Israeli Army_
5. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu prohibits all members of the Knesset (MKs) from visiting the Jerusalem site revered by Jews as the Temple Mount, and by Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary, in an attempt to calm several days of violence in the Old City. The prohibition applies to both Jewish and Muslim parliamentarians. ](/news/2015/10/8/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-prohibits-all-members-of-the-knesset-mks-from-visiting-the-jerusalem-site-revered-by-jews-as-the.md) _Context: parliament in Israel_
6. [The Israeli Army fires Spike missiles on Syrian Army positions in the Golan Heights' Quneitra area in response to several rockets fired from Syria which landed in villages in northern Israel, about 20 km from the border. ](/news/2015/08/20/the-israeli-army-fires-spike-missiles-on-syrian-army-positions-in-the-golan-heights-quneitra-area-in-response-to-several-rockets-fired-from.md) _Context: Israeli Army_
7. [Israeli legislative election, 2015: Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu arrives at an agreement with Habayit Hayehudi - the last party to join - just before the midnight deadline for the talks. With Naftali Bennett's party agreeing to a deal, Netanyahu's coalition will number 61 Members of the Knesset - the bare minimum needed. ](/news/2015/05/6/israeli-legislative-election-2015-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-arrives-at-an-agreement-with-habayit-hayehudi-the-last-party-to-join.md) _Context: parliament in Israel_
8. [The Likud party, led by incumbent Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, wins the most seats in the Knesset, winning 30 out of 120 seats. If asked by the President to form a government, Netanyahu will become the first Prime Minister to serve a fourth term. ](/news/2015/03/17/the-likud-party-led-by-incumbent-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-wins-the-most-seats-in-the-knesset-winning-30-out-of-120-seats-if-ask.md) _Context: parliament in Israel_
9. [The Israeli Knesset votes to dissolve itself with new elections called for March 17. ](/news/2014/12/8/the-israeli-knesset-votes-to-dissolve-itself-with-new-elections-called-for-march-17.md) _Context: parliament in Israel_
10. [The Israeli parliament- the Knesset votes to dissolve the government and hold early election on March 17. ](/news/2014/12/3/the-israeli-parliament-the-knesset-votes-to-dissolve-the-government-and-hold-early-election-on-march-17.md) _Context: parliament in Israel_
