### [2004-02-3](/news/2004/02/3/index.md)

#  Nine Cuban migrants attempt to reach Florida in a modified 1959 Buick that was converted to a boat. They are intercepted by the United States Coast Guard. The same group had made a similar attempt the summer before in a modified 1951 Chevrolet truck.




### Related:

1. [ Cuba-United States relations: The United States Coast Guard stages an exercise in Florida in preparation for a possible mass exodus from Cuba in the event of the death of Cuban leader Fidel Castro. During the drill 40 Cuban exiles reach the United States. ](/news/2007/03/9/cuba-united-states-relations-the-united-states-coast-guard-stages-an-exercise-in-florida-in-preparation-for-a-possible-mass-exodus-from-cu.md) _Context: Cuba, Florida, United States Coast Guard_
2. [The first cruise ship in more than a half-century bound for Havana from the United States leaves Miami, Florida, at about 4:24 p.m. EDT. Carnival Cruise Line's 704-passenger Adonia was able to set sail for the northern Caribbean country after Cuba, April 22, loosened its policy banning Cuban-born people from traveling to the country by sea. ](/news/2016/05/1/the-first-cruise-ship-in-more-than-a-half-century-bound-for-havana-from-the-united-states-leaves-miami-florida-at-about-4-24-p-m-edt-car.md) _Context: Cuba, Florida_
3. [ The United States Coast Guard searches Florida's west coast for a fishing vessel carrying National Football League players Marquis Cooper and Corey Smith. ](/news/2009/03/1/the-united-states-coast-guard-searches-florida-s-west-coast-for-a-fishing-vessel-carrying-national-football-league-players-marquis-cooper-a.md) _Context: Florida, United States Coast Guard_
4. [ Residents in south Florida prepare for Tropical Storm Ernesto with concerns that the storm could again strengthen and become a hurricane after it leaves Cuba. ](/news/2006/08/29/residents-in-south-florida-prepare-for-tropical-storm-ernesto-with-concerns-that-the-storm-could-again-strengthen-and-become-a-hurricane-af.md) _Context: Cuba, Florida_
5. [ 2004 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Ivan strengthens to the first Category 5 hurricane of the season, with sustained wind speeds of 160&nbsp;mi/h (260 km/h). It is currently forecast to strike Jamaica, Cuba and possibly Florida. The storm has the potential to cause catastrophic damage. ](/news/2004/09/9/2004-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-ivan-strengthens-to-the-first-category-5-hurricane-of-the-season-with-sustained-wind-speeds-of-1.md) _Context: Cuba, Florida_
6. [Hurricane Irma makes landfall in Cuba. The death toll across the Caribbean is at least 25 people, ](/news/2017/09/9/hurricane-irma-makes-landfall-in-cuba-the-death-toll-across-the-caribbean-is-at-least-25-people.md) _Context: Cuba_
7. [Irma has killed at least 14 people. The storm, still at Category 5 strength with maximum sustained winds of 175 mph (280 km/h), is moving west-northwest at 16 mph (26 km/h). It has reached the dual-country island of Hispaniola and is forecast to pass over the Turks and Caicos Islands as it heads towards The Bahamas and Cuba. The eye did not directly hit Puerto Rico; still casualties are reported and around two-thirds of its 3.4 million population are without electricity. ](/news/2017/09/7/irma-has-killed-at-least-14-people-the-storm-still-at-category-5-strength-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-175-mph-280-km-h-is-moving-we.md) _Context: Cuba_
8. [Hurricane Irma is now a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph (215 km/h). Hurricane warnings are issued for the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean, which are expected to be affected Tuesday. Rainfalls of up to 10 inches (25 centimeters) are possible. Irma is forecast to strengthen over the next 48 hours. The governors of Puerto Rico and Florida issue states of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/4/hurricane-irma-is-now-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph-215-km-h-hurricane-warnings-are-issued-for-the-leewa.md) _Context: Florida_
9. [Hurricane Irma makes landfall in Florida as a category 4 hurricane, killing at least three people and knocking out power to over one million households. ](/news/2017/09/10/hurricane-irma-makes-landfall-in-florida-as-a-category-4-hurricane-killing-at-least-three-people-and-knocking-out-power-to-over-one-million.md) _Context: Florida_
10. [The United States State Department says at least 16 U.S. government employees and family members based in Cuba showed physical symptoms from the previously reported acoustic attacks. Investigators are exploring whether some form of sonic attack was directed at diplomats' homes. ](/news/2017/08/24/the-united-states-state-department-says-at-least-16-u-s-government-employees-and-family-members-based-in-cuba-showed-physical-symptoms-from.md) _Context: Cuba_
