### [2012-09-28](/news/2012/09/28/index.md)

# China:The Politburo of the Communist Party of China sets November 8 as the date for its 18th National Congress. 

The official Xinhua News translation of a Communist Party statement expelling disgraced Chinese Politburo member Bo Xilai.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-china-19761669)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/09/28/us-china-politics-idUSBRE88R0HM20120928)
3. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/china/2012-09/28/c_131880079.htm)

### Related:

1. [The 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China is opened in Beijing, during which current Paramount Leader Hu Jintao is expected to step down to make way for presumptive leader Xi Jinping. ](/news/2012/11/8/the-18th-national-congress-of-the-communist-party-of-china-is-opened-in-beijing-during-which-current-paramount-leader-hu-jintao-is-expected.md) _Context: 18th National Congress, China_
2. [Reuters calls Xi Jinping China's "next leader". Hu Chunhua reportedly misses a promotion to the Politburo Standing Committee in an expected power transition at or around the 18th Congress of the Communist Party of China. ](/news/2012/09/4/reuters-calls-xi-jinping-china-s-next-leader-hu-chunhua-reportedly-misses-a-promotion-to-the-politburo-standing-committee-in-an-expected.md) _Context: 18th National Congress, Politburo of the Communist Party of China_
3. [Gu Kailai, the wife of ousted Chongqing Politburo leader Bo Xilai, is given a suspended death sentence for the murder of Neil Heywood in China. ](/news/2012/08/20/gu-kailai-the-wife-of-ousted-chongqing-politburo-leader-bo-xilai-is-given-a-suspended-death-sentence-for-the-murder-of-neil-heywood-in-chi.md) _Context: China, Politburo of the Communist Party of China_
4. [The Chinese Communist Party suspends the Politburo membership of former senior official Bo Xilai, while his wife Gu Kailai is named as a suspect in the murder of a British businessman. ](/news/2012/04/10/the-chinese-communist-party-suspends-the-politburo-membership-of-former-senior-official-bo-xilai-while-his-wife-gu-kailai-is-named-as-a-sus.md) _Context: China, Politburo of the Communist Party of China_
5. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: China_
6. [A Chinese state company signs an order with Airbus for 100 A320 and 40 A350 airplanes. ](/news/2017/07/5/a-chinese-state-company-signs-an-order-with-airbus-for-100-a320-and-40-a350-airplanes.md) _Context: China_
7. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: China_
8. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: China_
9. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: China_
10. [Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, Britain, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-charter-08-is-suffering-fr.md) _Context: China_
