### [2012-09-28](/news/2012/09/28/index.md)

# The spokesperson for the United States Director of National Intelligence claims there was a pre-organised plot in the attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi, Libya, on September 11. 




### Source:

1. [The Wall Street Journal](http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10000872396390444712904578024684208469470.html)

### Related:

1. [United States President-elect Donald Trump indicates that he will nominate former Indiana senator Dan Coats as Director of National Intelligence. ](/news/2017/01/7/united-states-president-elect-donald-trump-indicates-that-he-will-nominate-former-indiana-senator-dan-coats-as-director-of-national-intellig.md) _Context: Director of National Intelligence_
2. [James R. Clapper resigns as U.S. Director of National Intelligence. ](/news/2016/11/17/james-r-clapper-resigns-as-u-s-director-of-national-intelligence.md) _Context: Director of National Intelligence_
3. [U.S. intelligence analysts conclude the Russian plane  was not brought down by surface-to-air missile. An American infrared satellite detected a heat flash at the same time and same place over the Sinai as the plane, but no evidence a missile was involved. Analysts believe it could have been some kind of explosion on the aircraft itself, either a fuel tank or a bomb. U.S. officials do not rule out that ISIL could have been responsible for bringing down the flight. ](/news/2015/11/2/u-s-intelligence-analysts-conclude-the-russian-plane-was-not-brought-down-by-surface-to-air-missile-an-american-infrared-satellite-detect.md) _Context: Director of National Intelligence_
4. [Edward Snowden is nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize. [http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2014-01-29/snowden-nominated-by-norwegian-lawmakers-for-nobel-peace-prize.html (Bloomberg)]In the US Senate, James Clapper, Director of National Intelligence, calls for the return of NSA documents by "Snowden and his accomplices"; asked whether this includes journalists, Clapper's spokesperson says "Director Clapper was referring to anyone who is assisting Edward Snowden to further threaten our national security through the unauthorized disclosure of stolen documents related to lawful foreign intelligence collection programs." ([http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/jan/29/james-clapper-condemns-snowden-senate-testimony ''The Guardian''])](/news/2014/01/29/edward-snowden-is-nominated-for-the-nobel-peace-prize-http-www-bloomberg-com-news-2014-01-29-snowden-nominated-by-norwegian-lawmakers-fo.md) _Context: Director of National Intelligence_
5. [The U.S. Justice Department and the Director of National Intelligence reach a preliminary joint agreement, likely resolving a lawsuit with the major American Internet provider companies (Google, Yahoo, Facebook, Microsoft, and LinkedIn), about the information the companies can release to customers regarding requests by the intelligence agencies for information. ](/news/2014/01/27/the-u-s-justice-department-and-the-director-of-national-intelligence-reach-a-preliminary-joint-agreement-likely-resolving-a-lawsuit-with-t.md) _Context: Director of National Intelligence_
6. [The FBI conducts its investigation into the attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi, Libya, in one day. ](/news/2012/10/4/the-fbi-conducts-its-investigation-into-the-attack-on-the-u-s-consulate-in-benghazi-libya-in-one-day.md) _Context: attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi, Libya_
7. [Politicians in the United States begin a probe into the attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi, Libya, on September 11. Walid Faraj, a surviving witness of the attack, has not yet been interrogated. ](/news/2012/10/3/politicians-in-the-united-states-begin-a-probe-into-the-attack-on-the-u-s-consulate-in-benghazi-libya-on-september-11-walid-faraj-a-sur.md) _Context: attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi, Libya_
8. [The US Deputy Secretary of State William Burns meets with government officials in Libya about last week's deadly attack at the US consulate in Benghazi. ](/news/2012/09/20/the-us-deputy-secretary-of-state-william-burns-meets-with-government-officials-in-libya-about-last-week-s-deadly-attack-at-the-us-consulate.md) _Context: attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi, Libya_
9. [2012 diplomatic missions attacks fallout:The United States ambassador to the United Nations says there was no plot in the U.S. Consulate attack in Benghazi. ](/news/2012/09/17/2012-diplomatic-missions-attacks-fallout-pthe-united-states-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-says-there-was-no-plot-in-the-u-s-consulate-at.md) _Context: attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi, Libya_
10. [2012 diplomatic missions attacks falloutPresident of Libya Mohamed el-Magariaf announces Libya has made at least 50 arrests in conjunction with the U.S. Consulate attack in Benghazi. ](/news/2012/09/16/2012-diplomatic-missions-attacks-falloutppresident-of-libya-mohamed-el-magariaf-announces-libya-has-made-at-least-50-arrests-in-conjunction.md) _Context: attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi, Libya_
