### [2012-09-28](/news/2012/09/28/index.md)

# The World Health Organization says the novel coronavirus that originated from Saudi Arabia is not highly contagious. 

A new and potentially fatal virus from the same family as SARS which was discovered in a patient in London last week appears not to spread easily from person to person, the World Health Organization (WHO) said on Friday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/09/28/us-virus-who-idUSBRE88R0F220120928)

### Related:

1. [A Saudi Arabian man becomes the ninth person to die from the Novel coronavirus 2012. ](/news/2013/03/12/a-saudi-arabian-man-becomes-the-ninth-person-to-die-from-the-novel-coronavirus-2012.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, novel coronavirus_
2. [According to the World Health Organization, antibiotic resistance is on the rise in strains of gonorrhoea. It says that there is a need to prevent the spread of these bacteria, recommending usage of condoms and an increase in research and development funding. ](/news/2017/07/7/according-to-the-world-health-organization-antibiotic-resistance-is-on-the-rise-in-strains-of-gonorrhoea-it-says-that-there-is-a-need-to-p.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
3. [2017 Qatar crisis. Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/2017-qatar-crisis-qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
4. [Syrian Civil War. Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-civil-war-syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-o.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
5. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen. Human rights activists accuse forces led by Saudi Arabia and the UAE of kidnapping and torturing people during the Yemeni conflict. ](/news/2017/06/9/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-human-rights-activists-accuse-forces-led-by-saudi-arabia-and-the-uae-of-kidnapping-and-torturing-pe.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
6. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis. The Saudi Arabia-led bloc against Qatar issues a "terror list" against the peninsula. ](/news/2017/06/8/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-the-saudi-arabia-led-bloc-against-qatar-issues-a-terror-list-against-the-peninsula.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
7. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis. Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognize.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
8. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis. The Bahrain News Agency publishes an official list of the demands from Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt towards Qatar. Turkey says the demands on Qatar are unlawful. ](/news/2017/06/25/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-the-bahrain-news-agency-publishes-an-official-list-of-the-demands-from-saudi-arabia-bahrain-the-united-arab.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
9. [Egypt-Saudi Arabia relations. The Egyptian parliament approves the transfer of two uninhabited Red Sea islands, Tiran Island and Sanafir Island, to Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2017/06/14/egypt-saudi-arabia-relations-the-egyptian-parliament-approves-the-transfer-of-two-uninhabited-red-sea-islands-tiran-island-and-sanafir-i.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
10. [The World Health Organization (WHO) elects former Ethopian Foreign Minister and Health Minister Dr. Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus as the international organization's new Director-General succeeding Dr. Margaret Chan, who has been in office since 2006. Tedros is the first African Director-General and the first non-medical doctor; he has a PhD in Community Health from the University of Nottingham. ](/news/2017/05/23/the-world-health-organization-who-elects-former-ethopian-foreign-minister-and-health-minister-dr-tedros-adhanom-ghebreyesus-as-the-intern.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
