### [2012-06-17](/news/2012/06/17/index.md)

# Two Palestinians who attempt to rob an Israeli truck driver are shot dead in self defense near Hebron in the West Bank. 

Two Palestinians are shot dead by an Israeli truck driver in the West Bank after allegedly attacking him in a botched robbery, Israeli police say.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-18478829)
2. [Ynet](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-4243349,00.html)

### Related:

1. [One Palestinian is killed and three Israeli soldiers injured in two attacks in the West Bank. According to the Israeli army, the  Palestinian was shot dead after attempting to stab soldiers at a military checkpoint near the Beit Einun village in Hebron. In a second incident in the same area,  a driver rammed and injured three Israeli paramilitary border policemen with his car before fleeing the scene.  None of the  three were injured seriously. ](/news/2015/11/1/one-palestinian-is-killed-and-three-israeli-soldiers-injured-in-two-attacks-in-the-west-bank-according-to-the-israeli-army-the-palestinia.md) _Context: Hebron, Palestinian, West Bank_
2. [Following last month's manslaughter conviction, Israeli soldier Elor Azaria is sentenced to 18 months in prison by a military court for, during a violent incident, his deadly shooting of the wounded, unarmed, prone Palestinian Abdel Fattah al-Sharif, who had stabbed a soldier last March in Hebron. ](/news/2017/02/21/following-last-month-s-manslaughter-conviction-israeli-soldier-elor-azaria-is-sentenced-to-18-months-in-prison-by-a-military-court-for-dur.md) _Context: Hebron, Palestinian_
3. [Faulty readings from a  GPS system apparently resulted in two Israeli soldiers driving into the Qalandiya refugee camp in the occupied West Bank. Israeli forces sent in on a rescue mission, engaged armed Palestinians. One 22-year-old Palestinian man was killed with 10 others wounded, one seriously, in the ensuing gun battle.  At least 10 Israeli soldiers were wounded. ](/news/2016/03/1/faulty-readings-from-a-gps-system-apparently-resulted-in-two-israeli-soldiers-driving-into-the-qalandiya-refugee-camp-in-the-occupied-west.md) _Context: Palestinian, West Bank_
4. [Three Palestinian assailants are shot dead in separate attacks on Israeli security forces in Jerusalem and the West Bank. ](/news/2016/02/19/three-palestinian-assailants-are-shot-dead-in-separate-attacks-on-israeli-security-forces-in-jerusalem-and-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Palestinian, West Bank_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015),Three Palestinians are killed by  Israeli forces, two in Hebron, one of whom reportedly tried to ram his car into soldiers and the other  during a violent demonstration in the West Bank city. A third Palestinian died in clashes with Israeli troops at the border fence between the Gaza Strip and Israel. ](/news/2015/12/11/israeliapalestinian-conflict-2015-pthree-palestinians-are-killed-by-israeli-forces-two-in-hebron-one-of-whom-reportedly-tried-to-ram.md) _Context: Hebron, Palestinian_
6. [Israeli agents, disguised as Arabs escorting a woman in labor, raids a hospital in Hebron, West Bank, seizing a Palestinian suspected of stabbing and shooting dead his cousin. ](/news/2015/11/12/israeli-agents-disguised-as-arabs-escorting-a-woman-in-labor-raids-a-hospital-in-hebron-west-bank-seizing-a-palestinian-suspected-of-sta.md) _Context: Hebron, West Bank_
7. [Two assailants are shot dead by Israeli police after knife-wielding Palestinians attacked Israelis in Jerusalem and in the West Bank. Another four people, including a Palestinian assailant, are injured in incidents at an Israeli checkpoint outside the West Bank city of Nablus and at a tram station in East Jerusalem. ](/news/2015/10/30/two-assailants-are-shot-dead-by-israeli-police-after-knife-wielding-palestinians-attacked-israelis-in-jerusalem-and-in-the-west-bank-anothe.md) _Context: Palestinian, West Bank_
8. [Three Palestinians are shot dead after attacking Israeli soldiers with knives in the occupied West Bank.  Jerusalem's Hadassah Hospital reports that 76-year old American-Israeli Richard Lakin, who was critically injured in a bus attack on October 13, 2015, died of his injuries. ](/news/2015/10/27/three-palestinians-are-shot-dead-after-attacking-israeli-soldiers-with-knives-in-the-occupied-west-bank-jerusalem-s-hadassah-hospital-repo.md) _Context: Palestinian, West Bank_
9. [Israeli border police shoot dead a 17-year-old girl after she approached them with a knife in the southern West Bank city of Hebron. ](/news/2015/10/25/israeli-border-police-shoot-dead-a-17-year-old-girl-after-she-approached-them-with-a-knife-in-the-southern-west-bank-city-of-hebron.md) _Context: Hebron, West Bank_
10. [Violence continues while talks persist looking for a peaceful resolution. A 16-year old Palestinian is shot dead after he tried to stab an Israeli security guard at a West Bank border crossing. A 25-year old Palestinian protester died of wounds suffered last week when he was shot by  Israeli troops during a border clash near the Gazan town of Khan Yunis. ](/news/2015/10/24/violence-continues-while-talks-persist-looking-for-a-peaceful-resolution-a-16-year-old-palestinian-is-shot-dead-after-he-tried-to-stab-an-i.md) _Context: Palestinian, West Bank_
