### [2012-06-17](/news/2012/06/17/index.md)

# Voters in France go to the polls for legislative election with the Socialist Party winning a majority. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''Idaho Press-Tribune](http://www.idahopress.com/news/world/socialists-take-french-parliament-sweep-power/article_4802c836-6873-574f-814b-7e085cd8c7d5.html)

### Related:

1. [French Socialist Party presidential primary, 2017. Voting takes place in the first round of the French Socialist Party presidential primary to select a candidate to run in this year's presidential election. ](/news/2017/01/22/french-socialist-party-presidential-primary-2017-voting-takes-place-in-the-first-round-of-the-french-socialist-party-presidential-primary.md) _Context: France, PS_
2. [France-Russia relations. International sanctions during the Ukrainian crisis. France's National Assembly votes to adopt a non-binding resolution to lift European Union sanctions against Russia, applied after Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014. Former President Nicolas Sarkozy's Republicans, as well as center-right and far-left groups voted in favor of lifting the sanctions, while the ruling Socialist Party and The Greens voted against the resolution. ](/news/2016/04/28/france-russia-relations-international-sanctions-during-the-ukrainian-crisis-france-s-national-assembly-votes-to-adopt-a-non-binding-reso.md) _Context: France, PS_
3. [French regional elections, 2015. With most of the votes counted, the opposition conservatives of former president Nicolas Sarkozy's party win in six of the country-s 13 regions and lead in the Paris region. The ruling Socialists of President Francois Hollande's party capture five regions. The winner in Corsica is not affiliated with a major party. France's far-right National Front (FN) fails to win a single region but did record its best showing in its history. Voter turnout was 58 percent. Definitive results are expected Monday. ](/news/2015/12/13/french-regional-elections-2015-with-most-of-the-votes-counted-the-opposition-conservatives-of-former-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-party-wi.md) _Context: France, PS_
4. [Voters in France go to the polls for the first round of parliamentary elections with the Socialist Party doing well. ](/news/2012/06/10/voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-round-of-parliamentary-elections-with-the-socialist-party-doing-well.md) _Context: PS, legislative election_
5. [Senate elections in France result in a left-wing majority, headed by the Socialist Party, for the first time in the history of the Fifth Republic. ](/news/2011/09/25/senate-elections-in-france-result-in-a-left-wing-majority-headed-by-the-socialist-party-for-the-first-time-in-the-history-of-the-fifth-rep.md) _Context: France, PS_
6. [Crime in France. A 13-year-old girl is killed when a car is deliberately driven into a pizza restaurant's sidewalk cafe in Sept-Sorts, France. At least 12 other people are injured, four critically. The driver is arrested. Police do not believe the incident was terrorism-related. ](/news/2017/08/14/crime-in-france-a-13-year-old-girl-is-killed-when-a-car-is-deliberately-driven-into-a-pizza-restaurant-s-sidewalk-cafe-in-sept-sorts-franc.md) _Context: France_
7. [Alternative fuel vehicles. French ecology minister Nicolas Hulot announces France is to ban the sale of petrol and diesel vehicles by 2040. ](/news/2017/07/6/alternative-fuel-vehicles-french-ecology-minister-nicolas-hulot-announces-france-is-to-ban-the-sale-of-petrol-and-diesel-vehicles-by-2040.md) _Context: France_
8. [Health in France. France plans to make vaccines mandatory for children in 2018. ](/news/2017/07/5/health-in-france-france-plans-to-make-vaccines-mandatory-for-children-in-2018.md) _Context: France_
9. [Chantiers de l'Atlantique. France nationalises the STX Europe-owned Chantiers de l'Atlantique shipyard in Saint-Nazaire, Pays de la Loire, to prevent Italian shipbuilding firm Fincantieri taking majority control. Italian Minister of Economy and Finances Pier Carlo Padoan calls the French decision to nationalise the shipyard "grave and incomprehensible". ](/news/2017/07/27/chantiers-de-l-atlantique-france-nationalises-the-stx-europe-owned-chantiers-de-l-atlantique-shipyard-in-saint-nazaire-pays-de-la-loire-t.md) _Context: France_
10. [Alternative fuel vehicles. Following a similar move in France, the United Kingdom is to ban the sale of petrol and diesel cars by 2040 in order to reduce air pollution. A new tax will also be levied on diesel car drivers in 2020. ](/news/2017/07/25/alternative-fuel-vehicles-following-a-similar-move-in-france-the-united-kingdom-is-to-ban-the-sale-of-petrol-and-diesel-cars-by-2040-in-or.md) _Context: France_
