### [2007-08-1](/news/2007/08/1/index.md)

#  Norihiko Akagi resigns as Japan's agriculture minister after scandals involving him adversely affected the Liberal Democratic Party's performance in the Japanese House of Councillors election, 2007. 




### Source:

1. [ABC News Australia](http://abc.net.au/news/stories/2007/08/01/1993990.htm?section=justin)

### Related:

1. [ Japanese voters go to the polls for elections for half of the House of Councillors. The ruling coalition of the Liberal Democratic Party and New Komeito Party lost seats with the opposition Democratic Party of Japan becoming the largest party in the chamber. ](/news/2007/07/29/japanese-voters-go-to-the-polls-for-elections-for-half-of-the-house-of-councillors-the-ruling-coalition-of-the-liberal-democratic-party-an.md) _Context: Japan, Japanese House of Councillors election, 2007, Liberal Democratic Party_
2. [Voters in Japan go to the polls with the ruling Liberal Democratic Party and its Komeito partners looking for a two-thirds majority that will allow them to put forward a referendum to change the constitution. The governing parties won 70 of the 121 seats. ](/news/2016/07/10/voters-in-japan-go-to-the-polls-with-the-ruling-liberal-democratic-party-and-its-komeito-partners-looking-for-a-two-thirds-majority-that-wil.md) _Context: Japan, Liberal Democratic Party_
3. [ Japan's Prime Minister-elect Yukio Hatoyama proposes a 25% cut in greenhouse gas emissions by 2020, up from 8% by the outgoing administration. ](/news/2009/09/7/japan-s-prime-minister-elect-yukio-hatoyama-proposes-a-25-cut-in-greenhouse-gas-emissions-by-2020-up-from-8-by-the-outgoing-administrati.md) _Context: Japan, Liberal Democratic Party_
4. [ Japan's Liberal Democratic Party elects Sadakazu Tanigaki to replace Taro Aso. ](/news/2009/09/28/japan-s-liberal-democratic-party-elects-sadakazu-tanigaki-to-replace-taro-aso.md) _Context: Japan, Liberal Democratic Party_
5. [ Liberal Democratic Party (Japan) leadership election, 2008: Japan's ruling Liberal Democratic Party chooses former Foreign Minister of Japan Taro Aso as the next Prime Minister of Japan replacing Yasuo Fukuda. ](/news/2008/09/22/liberal-democratic-party-japan-leadership-election-2008-japan-s-ruling-liberal-democratic-party-chooses-former-foreign-minister-of-japa.md) _Context: Japan, Liberal Democratic Party_
6. [ Yasuo Fukuda, a political moderate, is elected by Japan's governing Liberal Democratic Party to become the country's next prime minister. ](/news/2007/09/23/yasuo-fukuda-a-political-moderate-is-elected-by-japanas-governing-liberal-democratic-party-to-become-the-countryas-next-prime-ministe.md) _Context: Japan, Liberal Democratic Party_
7. [ Shinzo Abe is elected as party leader of the Liberal Democratic Party in Japan, replacing the current Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi. He will likely be elected as the new prime minister on 30 September 2006. ](/news/2006/09/20/shinzo-abe-is-elected-as-party-leader-of-the-liberal-democratic-party-in-japan-replacing-the-current-prime-minister-junichiro-koizumi-he.md) _Context: Japan, Liberal Democratic Party_
8. [ Japanese Cabinet Secretary Shinzo Abe announces that if elected president of the Liberal Democratic Party, and thus Prime Minister, he will propose an amendment to the pacifist Constitution of Japan allowing Japanese troops to be sent overseas. Abe currently leads in polls over candidates Taro Aso and Sadakazu Tanigaki by about 30%. ([http://mdn.mainichi-msn.co.jp/national/news/20060822p2a00m0na016000c.html Mainichi Daily News])](/news/2006/08/22/japanese-cabinet-secretary-shinzo-abe-announces-that-if-elected-president-of-the-liberal-democratic-party-and-thus-prime-minister-he-will.md) _Context: Japan, Liberal Democratic Party_
9. [ Makoto Koga, a political faction leader within the Liberal Democratic Party of Japan and former secretary general, proposes that Yasukuni Shrine set up a separate shrine for the 14 Class-A war criminals enshrined there. ](/news/2006/05/15/makoto-koga-a-political-faction-leader-within-the-liberal-democratic-party-of-japan-and-former-secretary-general-proposes-that-yasukuni-s.md) _Context: Japan, Liberal Democratic Party_
10. [ Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi announces his fifth cabinet. Shinzo Abe, former Secretary General of the Liberal Democratic Party, becomes Chief Cabinet Secretary and is widely speculated to be Koizumi's chosen successor. Former Interior Minister Taro Aso becomes Foreign Minister, and is replaced by former economic advisor Heizo Takenaka. ](/news/2005/10/31/japanese-prime-minister-junichiro-koizumi-announces-his-fifth-cabinet-shinzo-abe-former-secretary-general-of-the-liberal-democratic-party.md) _Context: Japan, Liberal Democratic Party_
