### [2009-06-9](/news/2009/06/9/index.md)

#  The trial of William Jefferson, a former member of the U.S. House of Representatives, on charges of bribery and racketeering gets underway. 




### Source:

1. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2009/06/09/AR2009060900860.html)

### Related:

1. [ William J. Jefferson is reelected as the member for Louisiana's 2nd congressional district in a runoff election defeating fellow Democrat Karen Carter despite facing an ongoing bribery investigation. ](/news/2006/12/9/william-j-jefferson-is-reelected-as-the-member-for-louisiana-s-2nd-congressional-district-in-a-runoff-election-defeating-fellow-democrat-k.md) _Context: William J. Jefferson, bribes_
2. [ U.S. congressman William J. Jefferson (D-La) refuses to resign, as he denies allegations of bribery after an FBI weekend raid of his office. ](/news/2006/05/22/u-s-congressman-william-j-jefferson-d-la-refuses-to-resign-as-he-denies-allegations-of-bribery-after-an-fbi-weekend-raid-of-his-office.md) _Context: William J. Jefferson, bribes_
3. [The U.S. House of Representatives votes in favor of economic sanctions against Russia for its interference in the 2016 U.S. election, and against Iran and North Korea for their weapons programs. ](/news/2017/07/25/the-u-s-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-economic-sanctions-against-russia-for-its-interference-in-the-2016-u-s-election-and-ag.md) _Context: U.S. House of Representatives_
4. [The Congressional Budget Office predicts that in the next decade, the new health care bill recently approved by the U.S. House of Representatives will reduce the federal deficit by $120 billion and leave 23 million more Americans uninsured, as opposed to current law. ](/news/2017/05/24/the-congressional-budget-office-predicts-that-in-the-next-decade-the-new-health-care-bill-recently-approved-by-the-u-s-house-of-representa.md) _Context: U.S. House of Representatives_
5. [An Austrian court grants a United States request to extradite Ukrainian businessman Dmytro Firtash. U.S. officials accuse Firtash of being involved in a scandal where he allegedly paid US$18.5 million in bribes for a permit to mine titanium in India, something Firtash denies. ](/news/2017/02/21/an-austrian-court-grants-a-united-states-request-to-extradite-ukrainian-businessman-dmytro-firtash-u-s-officials-accuse-firtash-of-being-i.md) _Context: bribes_
6. [A judge in Peru issues an arrest warrant for former President Alejandro Toledo for allegedly receiving US$20 million in bribes from Odebrecht, a Brazilian construction company, in exchange for a contract deal to build a transoceanic highway between Brazil and the Peruvian coast. Toledo denies any wrongdoing. ](/news/2017/02/10/a-judge-in-peru-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-former-president-alejandro-toledo-for-allegedly-receiving-us-20-million-in-bribes-from-odebrech.md) _Context: bribes_
7. [The Obama administration through federal prosecutors announces corruption charges against nine defendants, including a former close aide to New York Governor Andrew Cuomo, over their roles in alleged bribery and fraud schemes tied to the awarding of large state contracts and other activities. ](/news/2016/09/22/the-obama-administration-through-federal-prosecutors-announces-corruption-charges-against-nine-defendants-including-a-former-close-aide-to.md) _Context: bribes_
8. [Ling Jihua, former top aide to paramount leader Hu Jintao, is sentenced to life in prison for illegally obtaining state secrets and taking over $11 million in bribes. Ling's misfortunes started when he was accused of trying to cover up a scandal connected to his 23-year-old son's deadly crash in a Ferrari in 2012. ](/news/2016/07/4/ling-jihua-former-top-aide-to-paramount-leader-hu-jintao-is-sentenced-to-life-in-prison-for-illegally-obtaining-state-secrets-and-taking-o.md) _Context: bribes_
9. [Chinese state television reports Guo Youming, former deputy governor of Hubei province, is found guilty of taking bribes totaling more than 23.8 million yuan ($3.70 million). Guo is the latest to be convicted as a result of President Xi Jinping's anti-corruption campaign that started when Xi took office three years ago. ](/news/2015/12/9/chinese-state-television-reports-guo-youming-former-deputy-governor-of-hubei-province-is-found-guilty-of-taking-bribes-totaling-more-than.md) _Context: bribes_
10. [U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch announces criminal corruption charges against 16 FIFA officials in an indictment that expands Justice's May filing that indicted 14 officials associated with FIFA (Federation Internationale de Football Association) and related sports marketing companies. At U.S. authorities request, Swiss police arrest two South American FIFA (Federation Internationale de Football Association) officials at the five-star Baur au Lac hotel in Zurich, on suspicion of accepting "millions of dollars" in bribes. In addition, eight of the defendants indicted in May have pleaded guilty. ](/news/2015/12/3/u-s-attorney-general-loretta-lynch-announces-criminal-corruption-charges-against-16-fifa-officials-in-an-indictment-that-expands-justice-s.md) _Context: bribes_
