
Formats: [HTML](/news/2017/12/19/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-passes-the-tax-cuts-and-jobs-act-of-2017-by-227-votes-to-203-after-being-sent-to-the-united-stat.html)  [JSON](/news/2017/12/19/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-passes-the-tax-cuts-and-jobs-act-of-2017-by-227-votes-to-203-after-being-sent-to-the-united-stat.json)  [XML](/news/2017/12/19/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-passes-the-tax-cuts-and-jobs-act-of-2017-by-227-votes-to-203-after-being-sent-to-the-united-stat.xml)  

### [2017-12-19](/news/2017/12/19/index.md)

# The United States House of Representatives passes the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 by 227 votes to 203. After being sent to the United States Senate for a vote, the Senate's parliamentarian found that several provisions in the House bill violated Senate rules, which forced the House of Representatives to call a second vote on an altered version of the legislation that has the violating provisions removed. The second vote by the House of Representatives is expected to take place on December 20, 2017. 

The House passed a sweeping tax bill Tuesday that slashes rates for corporations, adds new breaks for other businesses, and reorganizes the individual tax code


### Sources:

1. [NBC News](https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/congress/republican-tax-bill-house-senate-trump-n831161)
1. [Cover Image](https://media4.s-nbcnews.com/j/newscms/2017_51/2267356/171219-paul-ryan-tax-vote-ew-141p_4054b3af816f6ec525455e8268a77013.nbcnews-fp-1200-630.jpg)

### Changes:

1. [The United States House of Representatives passes the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 by 227 votes to 203. It is now to be sent to the United States Senate for a vote, possibly even tonight. ](/news/2017/12/19/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-passes-the-tax-cuts-and-jobs-act-of-2017-by-227-votes-to-203-it-is-now-to-be-sent-to-the-united.md) _2017-12-20 11:30:07 (First version)_
1. [The United States House of Representatives passes the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 by 227 votes to 203. After being sent to the United States Senate for a vote, the Senate's parliamentarian found that several provisions in the House bill violated Senate rules, which forced the House of Representatives to call a second vote on an altered version of the legislation that has the violating provisions removed. The second vote by the House of Representatives is expected to take place on December 20, 2017. ](/news/2017/12/19/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-passes-the-tax-cuts-and-jobs-act-of-2017-by-227-votes-to-203-after-being-sent-to-the-united-stat.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [The United States Senate passes the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 by 51 votes to 48. [http:--abcnews.go.com-Politics-republicans-expected-pass-tax-reform-measure-story?id=51870650 (ABC News)]The United States House of Representatives passes the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, which sends it to the desk of the United States President for signing. This comes after a previous and different version of this legislation was passed by the House yesterday. [http:--abcnews.go.com-Politics-republicans-expected-pass-tax-reform-measure-story?id=51870650 (ABC News)]The law removes the individual insurance mandate from Obamacare.](/news/2017/12/20/the-united-states-senate-passes-the-tax-cuts-and-jobs-act-of-2017-by-51-votes-to-48-http-abcnews-go-com-politics-republicans-expected-pa.md) _Context: House of Representatives, Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, United States, United States Senate_
2. [The U.S. House of Representatives, defying a veto-threat by President Barack Obama, overwhelmingly passes legislation to suspend the Obama administration's program to admit 10,000 Syrian and Iraqi refugees into the country. The bill will now face a vote in the U.S. Senate. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-u-s-house-of-representatives-defying-a-veto-threat-by-president-barack-obama-overwhelmingly-passes-legislation-to-suspend-the-obama-a.md) _Context: House of Representatives, United States, United States Senate_
3. [ Militants fire rockets on a United States military aircraft containing three US Senators (Richard Shelby, Mel Martinez and James Inhofe) as well as Rep. Bud Cramer as it leaves Baghdad for Amman in Jordan. ](/news/2007/08/30/militants-fire-rockets-on-a-united-states-military-aircraft-containing-three-us-senators-richard-shelby-mel-martinez-and-james-inhofe-as.md) _Context: House of Representatives, United States, United States Senate_
4. [ "The New York Times" reports that a website created at the request of United States Representative Peter Hoekstra and Senator Pat Roberts was found to contain detailed information which could help nuclear-capable states produce nuclear weapons. The website was shut down on November 2 following questioning by "The New York Times" and protests by International Atomic Energy Agency officials. ](/news/2006/11/3/the-new-york-times-reports-that-a-website-created-at-the-request-of-united-states-representative-peter-hoekstra-and-senator-pat-roberts-w.md) _Context: House of Representatives, United States, United States Senate_
5. [Trent Franks, a United States representative for Arizona's 8th congressional district, announces his immediate resignation, following allegations that he asked a female staffer to be a surrogate mother for him. Franks previously announced that he would resign from Congress in January 2018. ](/news/2017/12/8/trent-franks-a-united-states-representative-for-arizona-s-8th-congressional-district-announces-his-immediate-resignation-following-allega.md) _Context: House of Representatives, United States_
