### [2010-09-26](/news/2010/09/26/index.md)

# America's Department of Defense (The Pentagon) admits purchasing nearly 10,000 copies of a memoir by U.S. Army Reserve officer Anthony Shaffer, destroying all of them in an effort to suppress secret information and ordering heavy redactions of the book's second printing. 

The Pentagon has admitted buying up and destroying 10,000 copies of an insider&#039;s account of life in Afghanistan by an army intelligence officer.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2010/US/09/25/books.destroyed/index.html?iref=NS1)
2. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/northamerica/usa/8026220/Pentagon-destroyed-10000-copies-of-army-officers-book.html)
3. [Toronto Sun](http://www.torontosun.com/news/world/2010/09/26/15481836.html)
3. [Cover Image](http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/01725/pent_1725323a.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The United States military reports that their investigation found 105 civilians were killed and 36 people are still missing from the bombing of a Mosul building on March 17. ](/news/2017/05/25/the-united-states-military-reports-that-their-investigation-found-105-civilians-were-killed-and-36-people-are-still-missing-from-the-bombing.md) _Context: United States military_
2. [ The Pentagon rejects a Russian proposal to stage joint airstrikes against Al-Qaeda linked groups in Syria. ](/news/2016/05/21/the-pentagon-rejects-a-russian-proposal-to-stage-joint-airstrikes-against-al-qaeda-linked-groups-in-syria.md) _Context: United States military_
3. [A U.S. official announces that The Pentagon plans to transfer about a dozen inmates from the Guantanamo Bay detention camp to at least two countries that have agreed to take them, in the latest move in Barack Obama's final push to close the facility. The official declined to name the countries ready to take them in. ](/news/2016/03/31/a-u-s-official-announces-that-the-pentagon-plans-to-transfer-about-a-dozen-inmates-from-the-guantanamo-bay-detention-camp-to-at-least-two-c.md) _Context: United States military_
4. [Russia expands its military presence in Syria with an additional airbase that can accommodate fixed-winged military aircraft. The U.S. Department of Defense also confirms that Russia added S-400 surface-to-air missiles to its Syrian stockpile and armed its military aircraft with air-to-air missiles. According to Military Times, "A Pentagon spokesman expressed concern" these moves indicate Russia's commitment to aiding the embattled Assad regime as opposed to combating ISIL. No Syrian opposition groups including ISIL have combat-ready aircraft that require air-to-air missiles. ](/news/2015/12/2/russia-expands-its-military-presence-in-syria-with-an-additional-airbase-that-can-accommodate-fixed-winged-military-aircraft-the-u-s-depar.md) _Context: United States military_
5. [Northrop Grumman, the developer of the Air Force's current bomber, the B-2, beats out the Boeing-Lockheed Martin team and is awarded the Pentagon contract to build a fleet of stealthy planes known as the Long Range Strike Bomber (LRS-B). ](/news/2015/10/27/northrop-grumman-the-developer-of-the-air-force-s-current-bomber-the-b-2-beats-out-the-boeing-lockheed-martin-team-and-is-awarded-the-pen.md) _Context: United States military_
6. [Humanitarian International Services Group, an NGO founded by evangelical Christian Kay Miramine, was part of a secret Pentagon program devised by Lt. Gen. William Boykin used to spy on North Korea, according to an investigation by the online publication "The Intercept." The program, which started in 2004, was shut down in 2012 by now-retired Admiral William McRaven, concerned with pushback if this became public. Some current and former American NGO staff with experience in North Korea have expressed doubts about key claims in the report. ](/news/2015/10/27/humanitarian-international-services-group-an-ngo-founded-by-evangelical-christian-kay-miramine-was-part-of-a-secret-pentagon-program-devis.md) _Context: United States military_
7. [Russian hackers are suspected of infiltrating the U.S. Pentagon e-mail system last week. ](/news/2015/08/6/russian-hackers-are-suspected-of-infiltrating-the-u-s-pentagon-e-mail-system-last-week.md) _Context: United States military_
8. [A Pentagon study finds a sharp rise in sexual assaults among U.S. military personnel. ](/news/2013/05/7/a-pentagon-study-finds-a-sharp-rise-in-sexual-assaults-among-u-s-military-personnel.md) _Context: United States military_
9. [Julian Assange issues a statement to supporters from a balcony of London's Ecuadorean embassy, in which he refers to the U.S. Pentagon's recent description of the existence of WikiLeaks as an "ongoing crime" and suggests it is the intention of WikiLeaks to release a million more documents in 2013. ](/news/2012/12/20/julian-assange-issues-a-statement-to-supporters-from-a-balcony-of-london-s-ecuadorean-embassy-in-which-he-refers-to-the-u-s-pentagon-s-rec.md) _Context: United States military_
10. [Iran's military continues to improve its long- and short-range ballistic missiles and other aspects of its armed forces, according to a Pentagon report to the US Congress. ](/news/2012/07/10/iran-s-military-continues-to-improve-its-long-and-short-range-ballistic-missiles-and-other-aspects-of-its-armed-forces-according-to-a-pent.md) _Context: United States military_
