### [2007-07-27](/news/2007/07/27/index.md)

#  Balochistan Government spokesman and media consultant to Chief Minister Jam Muhammad Yousaf, Abdur Raziq Bugti is shot dead by unknown armed men. 




### Related:

1. [A suicide bombing took place near a Pakistan army truck in Quetta, Balochistan, Pakistan, leaving 15 people dead including 8 soldiers, while injuring 40 others. ](/news/2017/08/12/a-suicide-bombing-took-place-near-a-pakistan-army-truck-in-quetta-balochistan-pakistan-leaving-15-people-dead-including-8-soldiers-while.md) _Context: Balochistan_
2. [A bomb hits a convoy of the Deputy Chairman of the Senate of Pakistan, Abdul Ghafoor Haideri, near Mastung in the province of Balochistan, killing at least 25 people and wounding 35 others, including the Senate's Deputy Chairman. ](/news/2017/05/12/a-bomb-hits-a-convoy-of-the-deputy-chairman-of-the-senate-of-pakistan-abdul-ghafoor-haideri-near-mastung-in-the-province-of-balochistan-k.md) _Context: Balochistan_
3. [Pakistani security forces kill five militants during a joint operation in Sibi District of Balochistan. ](/news/2016/11/29/pakistani-security-forces-kill-five-militants-during-a-joint-operation-in-sibi-district-of-balochistan.md) _Context: Balochistan_
4. [Shahbaz Taseer, the son of Pakistani Punjab governor Salmaan Taseer who was murdered in 2011 for criticizing the country's blasphemy laws, is reunited with his family four-and-a-half years after his kidnapping. Tuesday, Shahbaz was rescued by Pakistani secret service and counter-terrorism operatives in Kuchlak, Balochistan Province. He had been abducted in Lahore in August 2011, seven months after his father's murder by bodyguard Mumtaz Qadri. Qadri was executed on February 29, 2016. His death was claimed as the reason for the deadly Taliban suicide bombing in Shabqadar two days ago. ](/news/2016/03/9/shahbaz-taseer-the-son-of-pakistani-punjab-governor-salmaan-taseer-who-was-murdered-in-2011-for-criticizing-the-country-s-blasphemy-laws-i.md) _Context: Balochistan_
5. [China's People's Liberation Army (PLA) will be deployed in Pakistan to protect the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor that connects the Chinese-operated Gwadar Port in Balochistan, Pakistan to China's Xinjiang region. Neighboring India has voiced concern about the planned move. ](/news/2016/03/13/china-s-people-s-liberation-army-pla-will-be-deployed-in-pakistan-to-protect-the-chinaapakistan-economic-corridor-that-connects-the-chin.md) _Context: Balochistan_
6. [Gunmen in Pakistan's Balochistan Province attack two buses killing at least 19 people. ](/news/2015/05/29/gunmen-in-pakistan-s-balochistan-province-attack-two-buses-killing-at-least-19-people.md) _Context: Balochistan_
7. [A 6.8-magnitude earthquake strikes the Pakistani province of Balochistan, four days after a 7.7-magnitude earthquake killed at least 515 people in the same region. ](/news/2013/09/28/a-6-8-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-the-pakistani-province-of-balochistan-four-days-after-a-7-7-magnitude-earthquake-killed-at-least-515-peo.md) _Context: Balochistan_
8. [Officials in Pakistan make a plea to separatist militants in Balochistan province to cease operations so that search and rescue can occur for victims of this week's earthquake. ](/news/2013/09/27/officials-in-pakistan-make-a-plea-to-separatist-militants-in-balochistan-province-to-cease-operations-so-that-search-and-rescue-can-occur-fo.md) _Context: Balochistan_
9. [The death toll from a 7.7-magnitude earthquake that struck Balochistan, Pakistan, on September 24 rises to at least 328. ](/news/2013/09/25/the-death-toll-from-a-7-7-magnitude-earthquake-that-struck-balochistan-pakistan-on-september-24-rises-to-at-least-328.md) _Context: Balochistan_
10. [A suicide bomber kills 19 in an attack on Shiites in Balochistan province. ](/news/2012/12/30/a-suicide-bomber-kills-19-in-an-attack-on-shiites-in-balochistan-province.md) _Context: Balochistan_
