### [2007-07-27](/news/2007/07/27/index.md)

#  Former French Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin is charged with "complicity in slanderous denunciations" and "complicity in using forgeries" for allegedly trying to discredit current President Nicolas Sarkozy. 




### Source:

1. [NDTV](http://www.ndtv.com/convergence/ndtv/story.aspx?id=NEWEN20070020509&ch=7/27/2007%2010:56:00%20PM)

### Related:

1. [ France's political "trial of the century" into the Clearstream affair&mdash;former Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin versus President Nicolas Sarkozy&mdash;opens at the Palais de Justice. ](/news/2009/09/14/france-s-political-trial-of-the-century-into-the-clearstream-affair-mdash-former-prime-minister-dominique-de-villepin-versus-president-ni.md) _Context: Dominique de Villepin, France, Nicolas Sarkozy, Prime Minister_
2. [A French Appeals Court clears former Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin of charges of involvement in a smear campaign against current President Nicolas Sarkozy. ](/news/2011/09/14/a-french-appeals-court-clears-former-prime-minister-dominique-de-villepin-of-charges-of-involvement-in-a-smear-campaign-against-current-pres.md) _Context: Dominique de Villepin, Nicolas Sarkozy, Prime Minister_
3. [The French Cabinet led by Prime Minister Francois Fillon resigns ahead of a reshuffle by President Nicolas Sarkozy. ](/news/2010/11/13/the-french-cabinet-led-by-prime-minister-franassois-fillon-resigns-ahead-of-a-reshuffle-by-president-nicolas-sarkozy.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy, Prime Minister_
4. [Former French Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin is cleared of charges of complicity to false denunciation in the "Clearstream" affair. ](/news/2010/01/28/former-french-prime-minister-dominique-de-villepin-is-cleared-of-charges-of-complicity-to-false-denunciation-in-the-clearstream-affair.md) _Context: Dominique de Villepin, France, Prime Minister_
5. [ Lawyers for the former Prime Minister of France, Dominique de Villepin, say they will sue President Nicolas Sarkozy for having called him "guilty" of the "Clearstream" affair and violating the principle of presumption of innocence. ](/news/2009/09/25/lawyers-for-the-former-prime-minister-of-france-dominique-de-villepin-say-they-will-sue-president-nicolas-sarkozy-for-having-called-him.md) _Context: Dominique de Villepin, Nicolas Sarkozy, Prime Minister_
6. [ A trial against former Prime Minister of France Dominique de Villepin, over the Clearstream affair, begins in Paris. ](/news/2009/09/21/a-trial-against-former-prime-minister-of-france-dominique-de-villepin-over-the-clearstream-affair-begins-in-paris.md) _Context: Dominique de Villepin, France, Prime Minister_
7. [ Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions. Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister. Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy. Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government. Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-parliament-and-others-clap-and-give-a-standing-ova.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy, President_
8. [ France holds a parliamentary election; early projections indicate that President Nicolas Sarkozy's center-right UMP party will secure a comfortable victory. ](/news/2007/06/10/france-holds-a-parliamentary-election-early-projections-indicate-that-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-center-right-ump-party-will-secure-a-com.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy, President_
9. [ French President Sarkozy appoints Franois Fillon as his Prime Minister. ](/news/2007/05/17/french-president-sarkozy-appoints-francois-fillon-as-his-prime-minister.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy, Prime Minister_
10. [Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy resigns as leader of The Republicans party and announces his candidacy for President again. ](/news/2016/07/3/former-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-resigns-as-leader-of-the-republicans-party-and-announces-his-candidacy-for-president-again.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy_
