### [2007-07-27](/news/2007/07/27/index.md)

#  The top United Nations official in Haiti raises concerns about a sharp increase in lynchings and other forms of mob violence. 




### Source:

1. [ (AP via IHT](http://www.iht.com/articles/ap/2007/07/28/news/CB-GEN-Haiti-UN-Lynchings.php)

### Related:

1. [The United Nations launches an emergency appeal for almost U.S.$120 million in life-saving help for 750,000 survivors in Haiti at risk of starvation and/or cholera. ](/news/2016/10/11/the-united-nations-launches-an-emergency-appeal-for-almost-u-s-120-million-in-life-saving-help-for-750-000-survivors-in-haiti-at-risk-of-st.md) _Context: Haiti, United Nations_
2. [Aid workers and the United Nations raise concerns about rising food prices and increased cholera in Haiti, where Hurricane Sandy has killed at least 52 people. ](/news/2012/10/30/aid-workers-and-the-united-nations-raise-concerns-about-rising-food-prices-and-increased-cholera-in-haiti-where-hurricane-sandy-has-killed.md) _Context: Haiti, United Nations_
3. [Members of the United Nations peacekeeping force sent to Haiti are alleged to have raped a Haitian teenage boy and sexually abused him at a UN base in the town of Port-Salut: he is to testify in a closed hearing. ](/news/2012/05/10/members-of-the-united-nations-peacekeeping-force-sent-to-haiti-are-alleged-to-have-raped-a-haitian-teenage-boy-and-sexually-abused-him-at-a.md) _Context: Haiti, United Nations_
4. [The United Nations estimates on a preliminary basis that at least 2,000 tents were damaged or destroyed in the storm that struck Haiti's capital Port-au-Prince. ](/news/2010/09/25/the-united-nations-estimates-on-a-preliminary-basis-that-at-least-2-000-tents-were-damaged-or-destroyed-in-the-storm-that-struck-haiti-s-cap.md) _Context: Haiti, United Nations_
5. [ A United Nations plane from Uruguay attached to MINUSTAH monitoring the Haiti&ndash;Dominican Republic border crashes near Fonds-Verrettes, killing at least 11 people from Jordan and Uruguay. ](/news/2009/10/9/a-united-nations-plane-from-uruguay-attached-to-minustah-monitoring-the-haiti-ndash-dominican-republic-border-crashes-near-fonds-verrettes.md) _Context: Haiti, United Nations_
6. [ Monitored by thousands of UN peacekeepers, the people of Haiti go to polling stations in the country's first election since the ousting of former president Jean-Bertrand Aristide in 2004. ](/news/2006/02/7/monitored-by-thousands-of-un-peacekeepers-the-people-of-haiti-go-to-polling-stations-in-the-country-s-first-election-since-the-ousting-of.md) _Context: Haiti, United Nations_
7. [ The head of the UN peacekeeping force in Haiti, General Urano Teixeira da Matta Bacellar, is found dead. UN officials believe his death to be suicide. ](/news/2006/01/7/the-head-of-the-un-peacekeeping-force-in-haiti-general-urano-teixeira-da-matta-bacellar-is-found-dead-un-officials-believe-his-death-to.md) _Context: Haiti, United Nations_
8. [ In Haiti, four people, including two UN peacekeepers, are killed in a shootout between peacekeepers and former rebels. ](/news/2005/03/21/in-haiti-four-people-including-two-un-peacekeepers-are-killed-in-a-shootout-between-peacekeepers-and-former-rebels.md) _Context: Haiti, United Nations_
9. [The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-122-in-favour-1-abstention-and-1-against-the.md) _Context: United Nations_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
