### [2007-07-27](/news/2007/07/27/index.md)

#  The Commonwealth Director of Public Prosecutions drops the charge of supporting a terrorist organization against Mohamed Haneef. [http://www.news.com.au/story/0,23599,22143906-2,00.html (News Limited)] Australian Federal Police admits all their main evidence against Haneef was wrong. 




### Related:

1. [ The Australian Commonwealth Director of Public Prosecutions reviews the case against Mohamed Haneef accused of giving material support to terrorism following concerns being raised about the strength of the case. ](/news/2007/07/25/the-australian-commonwealth-director-of-public-prosecutions-reviews-the-case-against-mohamed-haneef-accused-of-giving-material-support-to-t.md) _Context: Commonwealth, Director of Public Prosecutions, Mohamed Haneef_
2. [ Australian authorities increase security as the interrogation of Dr. Mohamed Haneef over his possible involvement in the 2007 Glasgow International Airport attack and the 2007 London car bombs incidents continues. The Australian Federal Police conducts raids on two hospitals in Perth, Western Australia. ](/news/2007/07/6/australian-authorities-increase-security-as-the-interrogation-of-dr-mohamed-haneef-over-his-possible-involvement-in-the-2007-glasgow-inter.md) _Context: Mohamed Haneef, police_
3. [ The Australian Federal Police charge Dr. Mohamed Haneef with "providing support to a terrorist organization" in relation to the 2007 Glasgow International Airport attack and the 2007 London car bombs. ](/news/2007/07/14/the-australian-federal-police-charge-dr-mohamed-haneef-with-providing-support-to-a-terrorist-organization-in-relation-to-the-2007-glasgo.md) _Context: Mohamed Haneef, police_
4. [The Australian Federal Police raid the Sydney home of Craig Steven Wright &ndash;  whom media today claimed was suspected to be Satoshi Nakamoto, the founder of Bitcoin &ndash; in relation to possible tax offences. ](/news/2015/12/9/the-australian-federal-police-raid-the-sydney-home-of-craig-steven-wright-ndash-whom-media-today-claimed-was-suspected-to-be-satoshi-naka.md) _Context: police_
5. [Australian police in Sydney arrest two men  who, police say, were planning attacks on locations such as  naval bases and police headquarters. New South Wales Deputy Police Commissioner  Catherine Burn said Wednesday's activity brings the number of people arrested in connection with last year's Operation Appleby to 13. ](/news/2015/12/23/australian-police-in-sydney-arrest-two-men-who-police-say-were-planning-attacks-on-locations-such-as-naval-bases-and-police-headquarters.md) _Context: police_
6. [Australian Federal Police foil an Islamic State inspired plot to carry out an attack at a World War One centenary event in Melbourne. ](/news/2015/04/18/australian-federal-police-foil-an-islamic-state-inspired-plot-to-carry-out-an-attack-at-a-world-war-one-centenary-event-in-melbourne.md) _Context: police_
7. [The murder conviction of David Eastman for allegedly killing former Australian Federal Police Assistant Commissioner Colin Winchester is quashed after Eastman has served a 19-year prison sentence. ](/news/2014/08/22/the-murder-conviction-of-david-eastman-for-allegedly-killing-former-australian-federal-police-assistant-commissioner-colin-winchester-is-qua.md) _Context: police_
8. [The Australian Federal Police arrest 24-year-old Matthew Flannery of Sydney, the self-proclaimed leader of the LulzSec hacking group in the New South Wales city of Gosford. ](/news/2013/04/23/the-australian-federal-police-arrest-24-year-old-matthew-flannery-of-sydney-the-self-proclaimed-leader-of-the-lulzsec-hacking-group-in-the.md) _Context: police_
9. [Detectives from Scotland Yard contact police in Australia over the apparent suicide of Jacintha Saldanha. ](/news/2012/12/9/detectives-from-scotland-yard-contact-police-in-australia-over-the-apparent-suicide-of-jacintha-saldanha.md) _Context: police_
10. [The UK's Director of Public Prosecutions is to review a 2009 decision by the Crown Prosecution Service not to prosecute Jimmy Savile over allegations of sexual abuse. ](/news/2012/10/24/the-uk-s-director-of-public-prosecutions-is-to-review-a-2009-decision-by-the-crown-prosecution-service-not-to-prosecute-jimmy-savile-over-al.md) _Context: Director of Public Prosecutions_
