### [2007-07-27](/news/2007/07/27/index.md)

#  The Israeli Defense Force suspends a company for shooting an unarmed man in West Bank city of Hebron. 

The Israeli Defence Force (IDF) has suspended an entire army company from duty following the shooting of an unarmed Palestinian man in the West Bank on Thursday.


### Source:

1. [ABC](http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2007/07/28/1990738.htm)

### Related:

1. [World heritage sites. UNESCO declares the old city of Hebron and the Cave of the Patriarchs, both in the West Bank, as world heritage sites. ](/news/2017/07/7/world-heritage-sites-unesco-declares-the-old-city-of-hebron-and-the-cave-of-the-patriarchs-both-in-the-west-bank-as-world-heritage-sites.md) _Context: Hebron, West Bank_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Israeli agents, disguised as Arabs escorting a woman in labor, raids a hospital in Hebron, West Bank, seizing a Palestinian suspected of stabbing and shooting dead his cousin. ](/news/2015/11/12/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-agents-disguised-as-arabs-escorting-a-woman-in-labor-raids-a-hospital-in-hebron-west-bank-seizing.md) _Context: Hebron, West Bank_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015). One Palestinian is killed and three Israeli soldiers injured in two attacks in the West Bank. According to the Israeli army, the Palestinian was shot dead after attempting to stab soldiers at a military checkpoint near the Beit Einun village in Hebron. In a second incident in the same area, a driver rammed and injured three Israeli paramilitary border policemen with his car before fleeing the scene. None of the three were injured seriously. ](/news/2015/11/1/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-one-palestinian-is-killed-and-three-israeli-soldiers-injured-in-two-attacks-in-the-west-bank-according.md) _Context: Hebron, West Bank_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015). Israeli border police shoot dead a 17-year-old girl after she approached them with a knife in the southern West Bank city of Hebron. ](/news/2015/10/25/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-israeli-border-police-shoot-dead-a-17-year-old-girl-after-she-approached-them-with-a-knife-in-the-south.md) _Context: Hebron, West Bank_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. The bodies of three kidnapped Israeli teenagers, including one with dual American citizenship, are found partially buried near Hebron on the West Bank. Shin Bet determined they were murdered shortly after being kidnapped, and is searching for two Hamas kidnappers and accomplices.](/news/2014/06/30/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-bodies-of-three-kidnapped-israeli-teenagers-including-one-with-dual-american-citizenship-are-found-par.md) _Context: Hebron, West Bank_
6. [Two Palestinians who attempt to rob an Israeli truck driver are shot dead in self defense near Hebron in the West Bank. ](/news/2012/06/17/two-palestinians-who-attempt-to-rob-an-israeli-truck-driver-are-shot-dead-in-self-defense-near-hebron-in-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Hebron, West Bank_
7. [Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu decides to make legal under Israeli law three settlement outposts in the occupied West Bank, to "formalise the status" of Bruchin and Rechelim, in the north, and Sansana, near Hebron in the south. The Palestinian Authority criticises the decision. ](/news/2012/04/24/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-decides-to-make-legal-under-israeli-law-three-settlement-outposts-in-the-occupied-west-bank-to-f.md) _Context: Hebron, West Bank_
8. [ 2007 Israel-Gaza conflict: IDF soldiers near Hebron shoot an unarmed Palestinian, who later died. The IDF states that the man was trying to run through the gate; the soldiers yelled for him to halt, which he did not; they then shot the man. ](/news/2007/06/22/2007-israel-gaza-conflict-idf-soldiers-near-hebron-shoot-an-unarmed-palestinian-who-later-died-the-idf-states-that-the-man-was-trying-to.md) _Context: Hebron, Israeli soldier_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict:. The Israeli Defense Force launches Operation First Rain, a series of air strikes on Palestinian targets in the Gaza Strip, including an alleged Hamas weapons factory and a children's school. According to Israel the operation's goal is to stop shelling of southern Israeli towns and villages by Palestinian militants, though several civilians have been injured, including an infant. At least 200 Palestinians have been arrested in overnight IDF raids in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/25/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-israeli-defense-force-launches-operation-first-rain-a-series-of-air-strikes-on-palestinian-targets-in-t.md) _Context: Israeli soldier, West Bank_
10. [ Palestinian militants kill an Israeli in drive-by shooting near the Israeli settlement of Beit Haggai, in the West Bank outside Hebron. ](/news/2005/06/24/palestinian-militants-kill-an-israeli-in-drive-by-shooting-near-the-israeli-settlement-of-beit-haggai-in-the-west-bank-outside-hebron.md) _Context: Hebron, West Bank_
