### [2007-01-4](/news/2007/01/4/index.md)

#  Nancy Pelosi is elected speaker of the United States House of Representatives, and becomes the first woman to hold that post. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2007/POLITICS/01/04/female.speaker.ap/index.html)

### Related:

1. [The Republican and Democratic party caucuses in the United States House of Representatives hold leadership elections. Nancy Pelosi of the Democrats is elected as Minority Leader when the new House sits in January with John Boehner to become Speaker of the United States House of Representatives. ](/news/2010/11/17/the-republican-and-democratic-party-caucuses-in-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-hold-leadership-elections-nancy-pelosi-of-the-de.md) _Context: Nancy Pelosi, U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives, United States House of Representatives_
2. [John Kerry, along with the other Group of Seven (G7) foreign ministers, laid wreaths at Japan's Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum to the victims of the 1945 U.S. nuclear attack. Kerry is the first Secretary of State to visit the memorial. Then-U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives Nancy Pelosi was previously the highest-ranking U.S. official to visit the memorial, in 2008. The Hiroshima foreign ministers meeting is part of the preparations for the 42nd G7 summit the end of next month at Japan's Kashiko Island, Shima, Mie Prefecture. ](/news/2016/04/11/john-kerry-along-with-the-other-group-of-seven-g7-foreign-ministers-laid-wreaths-at-japan-s-hiroshima-peace-memorial-museum-to-the-victi.md) _Context: Nancy Pelosi, U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives_
3. [ U.S. House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, who had been the favorite to replace outgoing House Speaker John Boehner, withdraws from the race. ](/news/2015/10/8/u-s-house-majority-leader-kevin-mccarthy-who-had-been-the-favorite-to-replace-outgoing-house-speaker-john-boehner-withdraws-from-the-rac.md) _Context: U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives, United States House of Representatives_
4. [Members of the Republican party in the United States House of Representatives nominate Paul Ryan of Wisconsin to replace John Boehner of Ohio as Speaker of the House. There will be a formal vote Thursday on the House floor. ](/news/2015/10/28/members-of-the-republican-party-in-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-nominate-paul-ryan-of-wisconsin-to-replace-john-boehner-of-ohi.md) _Context: U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives, United States House of Representatives_
5. [John Boehner schedules his resignation from the position of Speaker of the United States House of Representatives and from Congress for the end of October. ](/news/2015/09/25/john-boehner-schedules-his-resignation-from-the-position-of-speaker-of-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-and-from-congress-for-the.md) _Context: U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives, United States House of Representatives_
6. [The US Congress re-elects John Boehner to his third term as Speaker. ](/news/2015/01/6/the-us-congress-re-elects-john-boehner-to-his-third-term-as-speaker.md) _Context: U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives, United States House of Representatives_
7. [The 112th United States Congress is convened. Republican Representative John Boehner of Ohio is elected Speaker of the House of Representatives, succeeding Democrat Nancy Pelosi of California. ](/news/2011/01/5/the-112th-united-states-congress-is-convened-republican-representative-john-boehner-of-ohio-is-elected-speaker-of-the-house-of-representati.md) _Context: Nancy Pelosi, U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives_
8. [ Speaker-designate of the United States House of Representatives Nancy Pelosi announces that controversial Democratic Rep. Alcee Hastings will not be the chairman of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence in the 110th Congress. ](/news/2006/11/28/speaker-designate-of-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-nancy-pelosi-announces-that-controversial-democratic-rep-alcee-hastings-wi.md) _Context: Nancy Pelosi, United States House of Representatives_
9. [ Nancy Pelosi is unanimously nominated by the Democratic Party to become the next Speaker of the United States House of Representatives. Steny Hoyer wins the election over Jack Murtha to become Majority Leader. ](/news/2006/11/16/nancy-pelosi-is-unanimously-nominated-by-the-democratic-party-to-become-the-next-speaker-of-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-ste.md) _Context: Nancy Pelosi, U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives_
10. [ Speaker of the United States House of Representatives Dennis Hastert sits down with ethics investigators trying to determine when he and his staff learned about ex-Rep. Mark Foley's come-ons to former male pages and what they did to stop it. ](/news/2006/10/24/speaker-of-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-dennis-hastert-sits-down-with-ethics-investigators-trying-to-determine-when-he-and-hi.md) _Context: U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives, United States House of Representatives_
