### [2007-01-4](/news/2007/01/4/index.md)

#  The New Way Forward in Iraq War leadership:: U.S. National Intelligence Director John Negroponte resigns. United States President George W. Bush appoints him Deputy Secretary of State according to officials. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/6229851.stm)
2. [scotsman.com](http://news.scotsman.com/latest.cfm?id=25582007)

### Related:

1. [ U.S. President George W. Bush announces, in a televised address, his strategy change in response to Iraq Study Group criticisms. This will involve a surge of 21,500 more troops to fight in the War in Iraq. ](/news/2007/01/10/u-s-president-george-w-bush-announces-in-a-televised-address-his-strategy-change-in-response-to-iraq-study-group-criticisms-this-will.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq War, his strategy change in response to Iraq Study Group criticisms_
2. [ US President George W. Bush names John Negroponte as his nominee to be the first United States Director of National Intelligence. ](/news/2005/02/17/us-president-george-w-bush-names-john-negroponte-as-his-nominee-to-be-the-first-united-states-director-of-national-intelligence.md) _Context: George W. Bush, John Negroponte, U.S. National Intelligence Director_
3. [A private note, due to remain secret despite calls for it to be published by the chairman of the Iraq Inquiry, shows former British prime minister Tony Blair privately assured former American president George W. Bush "you can count on us" before they jointly invaded Iraq prior to the Iraq War. ](/news/2011/01/21/a-private-note-due-to-remain-secret-despite-calls-for-it-to-be-published-by-the-chairman-of-the-iraq-inquiry-shows-former-british-prime-mi.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq War_
4. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency:: Pakistani Attorney General Malik Qayyum announces the Supreme Court of Pakistan has dismissed five of the six petitions against President Pervez Musharraf's re-election. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7101302.stm (BBC)]: At least 80 people die and 100 are wounded in sectarian violence in Kurram Agency. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7101533.stm (BBC)]: Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf rejects United States Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte's demand to lift the state of emergency.date=December 2007](/news/2007/11/19/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-pakistani-attorney-general-malik-qayyum-announces-the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-has-dismissed-five-of-t.md) _Context: John Negroponte, US Deputy Secretary of State_
5. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency:: Hina Jilani leads a protest in London to ask for the release of all political prisoners and to vocalize the call for President Pervez Musharraf's resignation. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/7100762.stm (BBC)]: United States Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte says President Pervez Musharraf should lift the state of emergency and free political opponents. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7100322.stm (BBC)]: One person dies in a bomb explosion on a railway track near Peshawar targeted at a passenger train.date=December 2007](/news/2007/11/18/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-hina-jilani-leads-a-protest-in-london-to-ask-for-the-release-of-all-political-prisoners-and-to-vocalize.md) _Context: John Negroponte, US Deputy Secretary of State_
6. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency:: United States Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte speaks with former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto on the phone and tells her that "moderate forces" should work together to bring the country back to democracy. ](/news/2007/11/16/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-united-states-deputy-secretary-of-state-john-negroponte-speaks-with-former-prime-minister-benazir-bhutt.md) _Context: John Negroponte, US Deputy Secretary of State_
7. [ War in Iraq:: U.S. President George W. Bush makes a surprise visit to Iraq and addresses military leaders and the troops, saying that with success, a U.S. Iraq troop cut is possible. ](/news/2007/09/3/war-in-iraq-u-s-president-george-w-bush-makes-a-surprise-visit-to-iraq-and-addresses-military-leaders-and-the-troops-saying-that-with.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq War_
8. [ US President George W. Bush nominates former deputy secretary of state Robert Zoellick as President of the World Bank. ](/news/2007/05/29/us-president-george-w-bush-nominates-former-deputy-secretary-of-state-robert-zoellick-as-president-of-the-world-bank.md) _Context: George W. Bush, US Deputy Secretary of State_
9. [ Iraq War: U.S. President George W. Bush meets with Democratic Party officials in Congress to try find ways to fund the Iraq War. ](/news/2007/05/2/iraq-war-u-s-president-george-w-bush-meets-with-democratic-party-officials-in-congress-to-try-find-ways-to-fund-the-iraq-war.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq War_
10. [ Iraq War:: On the fourth anniversary of his "Mission Accomplished" speech, President George W. Bush, citing the provisions setting a deadline for the withdrawal of U.S. troops, vetoes an Iraq War funding measure that also improves resting, training and equipping standards for combat troops before their deployment, and sets binding benchmarks for the Iraqi government. ](/news/2007/05/1/iraq-war-on-the-fourth-anniversary-of-his-mission-accomplished-speech-president-george-w-bush-citing-the-provisions-setting-a-deadli.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq War_
