### [2007-01-4](/news/2007/01/4/index.md)

#  U.S. National Intelligence Director John Negroponte resigns. United States President George W. Bush appoints him Deputy Secretary of State according to officials. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/6229851.stm)
2. [scotsman.com](http://news.scotsman.com/latest.cfm?id=25582007)

### Related:

1. [ US President George W. Bush names John Negroponte as his nominee to be the first United States Director of National Intelligence. ](/news/2005/02/17/us-president-george-w-bush-names-john-negroponte-as-his-nominee-to-be-the-first-united-states-director-of-national-intelligence.md) _Context: George W. Bush, John Negroponte, U.S. National Intelligence Director_
2. [ Pakistani Attorney General Malik Qayyum announces the Supreme Court of Pakistan has dismissed five of the six petitions against President Pervez Musharraf's re-election. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7101302.stm (BBC)] At least 80 people die and 100 are wounded in sectarian violence in Kurram Agency. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7101533.stm (BBC)] Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf rejects United States Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte's demand to lift the state of emergency.date=December 2007](/news/2007/11/19/pakistani-attorney-general-malik-qayyum-announces-the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-has-dismissed-five-of-the-six-petitions-against-president-p.md) _Context: John Negroponte, US Deputy Secretary of State_
3. [ Hina Jilani leads a protest in London to ask for the release of all political prisoners and to vocalize the call for President Pervez Musharraf's resignation. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/7100762.stm (BBC)] United States Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte says President Pervez Musharraf should lift the state of emergency and free political opponents. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7100322.stm (BBC)] One person dies in a bomb explosion on a railway track near Peshawar targeted at a passenger train.date=December 2007](/news/2007/11/18/hina-jilani-leads-a-protest-in-london-to-ask-for-the-release-of-all-political-prisoners-and-to-vocalize-the-call-for-president-pervez-musha.md) _Context: John Negroponte, US Deputy Secretary of State_
4. [ United States Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte speaks with former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto on the phone and tells her that "moderate forces" should work together to bring the country back to democracy. ](/news/2007/11/16/united-states-deputy-secretary-of-state-john-negroponte-speaks-with-former-prime-minister-benazir-bhutto-on-the-phone-and-tells-her-that-m.md) _Context: John Negroponte, US Deputy Secretary of State_
5. [ US President George W. Bush nominates former deputy secretary of state Robert Zoellick as President of the World Bank. ](/news/2007/05/29/us-president-george-w-bush-nominates-former-deputy-secretary-of-state-robert-zoellick-as-president-of-the-world-bank.md) _Context: George W. Bush, US Deputy Secretary of State_
6. [President-elect Donald Trump names Tom Price as United States Secretary of Health and Human Services; former President George W. Bush Administration official and wife of Mitch McConnell Elaine Chao as United States Secretary of Transportation; ](/news/2016/11/29/president-elect-donald-trump-names-tom-price-as-united-states-secretary-of-health-and-human-services-former-president-george-w-bush-admini.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
7. [A Gulfstream IV aircraft carrying former President George W. Bush from Philadelphia International Airport to Dallas Love Field is diverted safely to Louisville International Airport when the pilot smells smoke; Bush arrived safely in Dallas early Sunday. ](/news/2013/06/15/a-gulfstream-iv-aircraft-carrying-former-president-george-w-bush-from-philadelphia-international-airport-to-dallas-love-field-is-diverted-s.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
8. [The George W. Bush Presidential Center in Dallas, Texas, is dedicated in the presence of President of the United States Barack Obama, former president George W. Bush and all living former presidents. The complex will be opened to the public on May 1. ](/news/2013/04/25/the-george-w-bush-presidential-center-in-dallas-texas-is-dedicated-in-the-presence-of-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-former.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
9. [U.S. news magazine "Time" selects U.S. President Barack Obama as its 2012 Person of the Year, following on from his 2008 award, and those of his predecessors George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004, Bill Clinton in 1992 and 1998, George H. W. Bush in 1990, Ronald Reagan in 1980 and 1983, Jimmy Carter in 1976, Richard Nixon in 1971 and 1972 and Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 and 1967. ](/news/2012/12/19/u-s-news-magazine-time-selects-u-s-president-barack-obama-as-its-2012-person-of-the-year-following-on-from-his-2008-award-and-those-of.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
10. [The US Deputy Secretary of State William Burns meets with government officials in Libya about last week's deadly attack at the US consulate in Benghazi. ](/news/2012/09/20/the-us-deputy-secretary-of-state-william-burns-meets-with-government-officials-in-libya-about-last-week-s-deadly-attack-at-the-us-consulate.md) _Context: US Deputy Secretary of State_
