### [2010-10-6](/news/2010/10/6/index.md)

# Law enforcement agencies in Victoria, Australia, the United Kingdom and Spain conduct raids in relation to allegedly corrupt behaviour by the currency subsidiary of the Reserve Bank of Australia. 

Law enforcement agencies in Melbourne, Britain and Spain have launched raids over claims of corrupt conduct by the currency subsidiary of the Reserve Bank of Australia.


### Source:

1. [Radio New Zealand](http://www.radionz.co.nz/news/world/58818/raids-in-three-countries-over-rba-currency-company)

### Related:

1. [The United States and other western nations including Britain, Sweden, Australia, Belgium, Uruguay and Spain walk out of the United Nations General Assembly following claims by the President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad that the "majority of the American people as well as most nations and politicians around the world" say that the 9/11 attacks were the work of the Government of the United States trying to protect Israel. ](/news/2010/09/23/the-united-states-and-other-western-nations-including-britain-sweden-australia-belgium-uruguay-and-spain-walk-out-of-the-united-nations.md) _Context: Australia, Britain, Spain_
2. [ The UK Office for National Statistics announces that, in 2005, 565,000 immigrants arrived in the UK, mainly from Poland, India, Pakistan, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka, while there were 380,000 emigrants, over half of whom were UK citizens. The most popular emigration destinations were Australia, Spain, and France. The net immigration total, 185,000, was 17,000 less than 2004's record. ](/news/2006/11/2/the-uk-office-for-national-statistics-announces-that-in-2005-565-000-immigrants-arrived-in-the-uk-mainly-from-poland-india-pakistan-b.md) _Context: Australia, Britain, Spain_
3. [The United Kingdom government agrees to sell the UK Green Investment Bank to a group led chiefly by Australian financial firm Macquarie Group for $3 billion, in a deal criticized as not securing the future of the bank. ](/news/2017/04/20/the-united-kingdom-government-agrees-to-sell-the-uk-green-investment-bank-to-a-group-led-chiefly-by-australian-financial-firm-macquarie-grou.md) _Context: Australia, Britain_
4. [The New South Wales Rural Fire Service issues an emergency warning for a bush fire located to the east of Dunedoo in New South Wales, Australia. The warning comes amidst "unprecedented" fire conditions across the region, deemed to be worse than the conditions precipitating the 2009 Black Saturday bushfires in Victoria. ](/news/2017/02/12/the-new-south-wales-rural-fire-service-issues-an-emergency-warning-for-a-bush-fire-located-to-the-east-of-dunedoo-in-new-south-wales-austra.md) _Context: Australia, Victoria_
5. [The Prime Minister of Australia, Malcolm Turnbull said that his country would open up trading with the United Kingdom in a post-EU trade deal. ](/news/2016/07/17/the-prime-minister-of-australia-malcolm-turnbull-said-that-his-country-would-open-up-trading-with-the-united-kingdom-in-a-post-eu-trade-dea.md) _Context: Australia, Britain_
6. [Erasmus bus crash. Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/erasmus-bus-crash-thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-fall.md) _Context: Britain, Spain_
7. [Zika virus outbreak. Several Zika virus cases have been reported in Denmark, Italy, Spain, the United Kingdom and Switzerland. ](/news/2016/01/27/zika-virus-outbreak-several-zika-virus-cases-have-been-reported-in-denmark-italy-spain-the-united-kingdom-and-switzerland.md) _Context: Britain, Spain_
8. [Australia, the UK, France, and the United States, all issue security alerts for westerners in Sanlitun in the Chaoyang District of Beijing, a popular diplomatic and entertainment district. Chinese officials indicate they have taken appropriate measures in response to this information. ](/news/2015/12/24/australia-the-uk-france-and-the-united-states-all-issue-security-alerts-for-westerners-in-sanlitun-in-the-chaoyang-district-of-beijing.md) _Context: Australia, Britain_
9. [The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) lifts the 32-year-old, lifetime ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men. Men can donate if they haven't had sex with another man in the previous year. The FDA stance is in line with other countries, such as Australia, Brazil, Canada, New Zealand, and the U.K., and is consistent with rules on recent blood transfusion or accidental exposure to another individual's blood. ](/news/2015/12/21/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-fda-lifts-the-32-year-old-lifetime-ban-on-blood-donations-from-gay-and-bisexual-men-men-c.md) _Context: Australia, Britain_
10. [Myanmar tops the 2015 Charities Aid Foundation's World Giving Index which measures each country's charitable behavior. Individuals indicate whether they have donated money, volunteered, or helped a stranger in the past month. The United States, which tied with Myanmar last year, is second, followed by New Zealand, Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Sri Lanka, Ireland, and Malaysia. ](/news/2015/11/10/myanmar-tops-the-2015-charities-aid-foundation-s-world-giving-index-which-measures-each-country-s-charitable-behavior-individuals-indicate.md) _Context: Australia, Britain_
