### [2010-10-6](/news/2010/10/6/index.md)

# The first civilian trial of a person formerly imprisoned by the United States in Guantanamo Bay begins in New York. According to his lawyers Ahmed Ghailani of Tanzania was tortured. 

The judge in the first civilian case against an ex-Guantanamo inmate bars a key government witness, in a blow to US prosecutors.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-11481343)

### Related:

1. [1998 United States embassy bombings. Abu Anas al-Libi, a one-time associate of Osama bin Laden, dies in New York, United States, while awaiting trial for allegedly plotting the bombings of the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania. ](/news/2015/01/2/1998-united-states-embassy-bombings-abu-anas-al-libi-a-one-time-associate-of-osama-bin-laden-dies-in-new-york-united-states-while-await.md) _Context: New York City, Tanzania, United States_
2. [LGBT rights in the United States. A group of United States mayors forms ""Mayors Against Discrimination"" in the wake of recent discriminatory laws enacted in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/lgbt-rights-in-the-united-states-a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminato.md) _Context: New York City, United States_
3. [2016 Chester, Pennsylvania train derailment. Two people are killed and 35 injured when a United States Amtrak passenger train on the Palmetto route traveling from New York City to Savannah, Georgia, with 341 passengers and seven crew on board, derails in Chester, Pennsylvania, after striking a backhoe that was on the track. Local media reports the deceased are veteran Amtrak workers. Area hospitals are treating the injured; none in life-threatening condition. ](/news/2016/04/3/2016-chester-pennsylvania-train-derailment-two-people-are-killed-and-35-injured-when-a-united-states-amtrak-passenger-train-on-the-palmett.md) _Context: New York City, United States_
4. [Tanzanian general election, 2015. The Millennium Challenge Corporation, a United States foreign aid agency, pulls $472m of funding for a Tanzanian electricity project after concluding that the election held in Zanzibar "was neither inclusive nor representative". Zanzibar, a semi-autonomous part of Tanzania, held a rerun of its election that was boycotted by the opposition after it was previously annulled because of supposed fraud. ](/news/2016/03/29/tanzanian-general-election-2015-the-millennium-challenge-corporation-a-united-states-foreign-aid-agency-pulls-472m-of-funding-for-a-tan.md) _Context: Tanzania, United States_
5. [A group of mayors and officials from American cities such as Philadelphia and New York City say that if they had their way Donald Trump would be banned from their cities for his comments on Muslims. ](/news/2015/12/9/a-group-of-mayors-and-officials-from-american-cities-such-as-philadelphia-and-new-york-city-say-that-if-they-had-their-way-donald-trump-woul.md) _Context: New York City, United States_
6. [United States federal prosecutors in New York City arrest Martin Shkreli on securities fraud charges for allegedly plundering for personal gain Retrophin, a biopharmaceutical company he ran as CEO from 2012 to 2014. ](/news/2015/12/17/united-states-federal-prosecutors-in-new-york-city-arrest-martin-shkreli-on-securities-fraud-charges-for-allegedly-plundering-for-personal-g.md) _Context: New York City, United States_
7. [Two nephews of Venezuelan First Lady Cilia Flores, who were arrested in Haiti by U.S. authorities on Tuesday, are indicted in New York for conspiring to smuggle cocaine into the United States. ](/news/2015/11/12/two-nephews-of-venezuelan-first-lady-cilia-flores-who-were-arrested-in-haiti-by-u-s-authorities-on-tuesday-are-indicted-in-new-york-for-c.md) _Context: New York City, United States_
8. [Tanzanian general election, 2015. Tanzania's opposition Chadema party presidential candidate Edward Lowassa calls for a recount of Sunday's election for the presidency before official results are announced tomorrow. Meanwhile, the election commission chief of semi-autonomous Zanzibar nullifies their results, which opposition presidential candidate Seif Sharif Hamad of the Civic United Front announced he won on Monday. The United States said it's "gravely alarmed" and called for reversal of the annulment. ](/news/2015/10/28/tanzanian-general-election-2015-tanzania-s-opposition-chadema-party-presidential-candidate-edward-lowassa-calls-for-a-recount-of-sunday-s.md) _Context: Tanzania, United States_
9. [At a court in New York City, a US District Judge sentences the radical imam Abu Hamza al-Masri to a life sentence for terrorism offences in the United States. ](/news/2015/01/9/at-a-court-in-new-york-city-a-us-district-judge-sentences-the-radical-imam-abu-hamza-al-masri-to-a-life-sentence-for-terrorism-offences-in.md) _Context: New York City, United States_
10. [Ebola virus cases in the United States. Dr. Craig Spencer, a Doctors Without Borders volunteer, was declared free of the Ebola virus and released from a New York City hospital. His was the last Ebola case being treated in the United States. ](/news/2014/11/11/ebola-virus-cases-in-the-united-states-dr-craig-spencer-a-doctors-without-borders-volunteer-was-declared-free-of-the-ebola-virus-and-rel.md) _Context: New York City, United States_
