### [2004-05-4](/news/2004/05/4/index.md)

#  The Pentagon announces that it plans to keep as many as 138,000 U.S. troops in Iraq through the end of 2005. 

Officials say Gen John P Abizaid, commander of American forces in Mideast, has put on hold goal of reducing troops in Iraq and plans to keep at least 135,000 soldiers there through 2005; he has asked that fresh Army and Marine forces rotating into Iraq arrive with larger percentage of tanks and armored fighting vehicles than had been planned, acknowledgment of violent prowess of insurgency; change means 10,000 soldiers and marines will be sent to Iraq this summer in first installment to replace 20,000 soldiers whose one-year tours were extended by 90 days; Pentagon plans to shift money in its budget to pay for keeping extra soldiers in Iraq (M)


### Source:

1. [AP](http://www.guardian.co.uk/uslatest/story/0,1282,-4053336,00.html)
2. [Bloomberg](http://quote.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=10000103&sid=a7blD21HSPzc)
3. [NYT](http://www.nytimes.com/2004/05/05/international/middleeast/05TROO.html)
3. [Cover Image](https://static01.nyt.com/images/icons/t_logo_291_black.png)

### Related:

1. [ Pentagon: It is alleged by a report that Russia gave intelligence information to Saddam Hussein's Iraq regarding American troop movements during the early stages of the Iraq War. ](/news/2006/03/24/pentagon-it-is-alleged-by-a-report-that-russia-gave-intelligence-information-to-saddam-hussein-s-iraq-regarding-american-troop-movements-d.md) _Context: Iraq, United States military_
2. [ A Pentagon report suggests that since 2004 about 26,000 Iraqi people have been either killed or injured in attacks by insurgents. ](/news/2005/10/31/a-pentagon-report-suggests-that-since-2004-about-26-000-iraqi-people-have-been-either-killed-or-injured-in-attacks-by-insurgents.md) _Context: Iraq, United States military_
3. [ The Pentagon announces it will investigate allegations that US soldiers posted photographs of dead Iraqis on a website so as to get access to free Internet porn. CAIR had earlier called for the investigation after the details of the site came to light. ](/news/2005/09/28/the-pentagon-announces-it-will-investigate-allegations-that-us-soldiers-posted-photographs-of-dead-iraqis-on-a-website-so-as-to-get-access.md) _Context: Iraq, United States military_
4. [ The Pentagon confirms a report in "The New York Times" that CIA chief George Tenet&nbsp;- who steps down from the post next month&nbsp;- was allowed by U.S. Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld to have an Iraqi prisoner secretly detained in alleged violation of the Geneva Convention. ](/news/2004/06/17/the-pentagon-confirms-a-report-in-the-new-york-times-that-cia-chief-george-tenet-nbsp-a-who-steps-down-from-the-post-next-month-nbsp-a.md) _Context: Iraq, United States military_
5. [Iraq's federal government halts all international flights to and from Iraqi Kurdistan until Kurdish security forces hand over control of Erbil International Airport and Sulaimaniyah International Airport. The Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) calls the ban "illegal". ](/news/2017/09/29/iraq-s-federal-government-halts-all-international-flights-to-and-from-iraqi-kurdistan-until-kurdish-security-forces-hand-over-control-of-erb.md) _Context: Iraq_
6. [Voters in Iraqi Kurdistan head to the polls for a referendum on independence from Iraq. ](/news/2017/09/25/voters-in-iraqi-kurdistan-head-to-the-polls-for-a-referendum-on-independence-from-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq_
7. [Seven people are killed and 13 are injured after suicide bombers hit a state-run power station near the northern city of Samarra, Iraq. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/09/2/seven-people-are-killed-and-13-are-injured-after-suicide-bombers-hit-a-state-run-power-station-near-the-northern-city-of-samarra-iraq-the.md) _Context: Iraq_
8. [U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District of Michigan, Mark A. Goldsmith, halts for 90 days the mass deportation from the United States of more than 1,400 Iraqi nationals, including Chaldean Christians, to allow the plaintiffs time to appeal their cases. The American Civil Liberties Union petitioned for the injunction stating these people would face persecution in Iraq where they are considered ethnic and religious minorities. ](/news/2017/07/24/u-s-district-judge-for-the-eastern-district-of-michigan-mark-a-goldsmith-halts-for-90-days-the-mass-deportation-from-the-united-states-o.md) _Context: Iraq_
9. [The number of people displaced globally totals 65.6 million after an addition of 10.3 million people displaced in 2016. Syria, Colombia, Afghanistan, Iraq and South Sudan are the countries in the top five. ](/news/2017/06/19/the-number-of-people-displaced-globally-totals-65-6-million-after-an-addition-of-10-3-million-people-displaced-in-2016-syria-colombia-afg.md) _Context: Iraq_
10. [The United States military reports that their investigation found 105 civilians were killed and 36 people are still missing from the bombing of a Mosul building on March 17. ](/news/2017/05/25/the-united-states-military-reports-that-their-investigation-found-105-civilians-were-killed-and-36-people-are-still-missing-from-the-bombing.md) _Context: United States military_
