### [2004-05-4](/news/2004/05/4/index.md)

#  The Legislative Yuan in Taiwan passes a bill mandating that official documents in Chinese be written from left to right instead of right to left, ending centuries of tradition. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/asia-pacific/3683825.stm)
2. [Straits Times](http://straitstimes.asia1.com.sg/asia/story/0,4386,249302,00.html?)

### Related:

1. [ A motion to vote on a bill opening the Three Links between mainland China and Taiwan is defeated for the third time in the Legislative Yuan of the Republic of China when a Democratic Progressive Party lawmaker tries to eat the written cloture motion. The opposition Pan-Blue Coalition controls the legislature and would have likely passed the bill. ](/news/2006/05/30/a-motion-to-vote-on-a-bill-opening-the-three-links-between-mainland-china-and-taiwan-is-defeated-for-the-third-time-in-the-legislative-yuan.md) _Context: Taiwan, legislative chamber_
2. [ In Taiwan, rallies are held in support of candidates in elections to the Legislative Yuan. Party sources estimate that separate rallies held in Taipei by the Kuomintang and Taiwan Solidarity Union drew around 100,000 each. ](/news/2004/12/5/in-taiwan-rallies-are-held-in-support-of-candidates-in-elections-to-the-legislative-yuan-party-sources-estimate-that-separate-rallies-hel.md) _Context: Taiwan, legislative chamber_
3. [ President Chen Shui-bian says that the hundreds of missiles the People's Republic of China has aimed at Taiwan justifies holding a referendum on independence. The referendum bill recently passed by the Legislative Yuan only allows votes on sovereignty if the country is attacked by a foreign power. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/3252246.stm]](/news/2003/12/1/president-chen-shui-bian-says-that-the-hundreds-of-missiles-the-people-s-republic-of-china-has-aimed-at-taiwan-justifies-holding-a-referend.md) _Context: Taiwan, legislative chamber_
4. [ ROC referendum, 2004: In Taiwan, a referendum bill written by majority pro-Chinese reunification pan-blue coalition legislators, is passed by the Legislative Yuan. The move is met by opposition from the People's Republic of China as it is seen as a possible route for declaring Taiwan independence, even though the bill blocks referendums on sovereignty issue and changing the official name of the Republic of China.](/news/2003/11/28/roc-referendum-2004-in-taiwan-a-referendum-bill-written-by-majority-pro-chinese-reunification-pan-blue-coalition-legislators-is-passed.md) _Context: Taiwan, legislative chamber_
5. [Twitter is experimenting with doubling its 140 character limit to 280 characters for all languages except Japanese, Chinese and Korean. ](/news/2017/09/26/twitter-is-experimenting-with-doubling-its-140-character-limit-to-280-characters-for-all-languages-except-japanese-chinese-and-korean.md) _Context: Chinese_
6. [ China resumes diplomatic ties with SGBPo Tome and Principe two weeks after the African island nation broke diplomatic ties with Taiwan. ](/news/2016/12/26/china-resumes-diplomatic-ties-with-sagbpo-toma-c-and-prancipe-two-weeks-after-the-african-island-nation-broke-diplomatic-ties-with-taiwan.md) _Context: Taiwan_
7. [ The Republic of China (Taiwan) holds a large military parade in Taipei to commemorate World War II in support of its claims that Kuomintang forces led by Chiang Kai-Shek played a leading role in the defeat of the Empire of Japan with the Chinese Communist Party under Mao Tse-Tung playing a minor role. ](/news/2015/07/4/the-republic-of-china-taiwan-holds-a-large-military-parade-in-taipei-to-commemorate-world-war-ii-in-support-of-its-claims-that-kuomintang.md) _Context: Taiwan_
8. [Since March 18th, protesters occupy the legislative chamber, opposing the vote without review of the Cross-Strait Service Trade Agreement, denouncing a agreement signed 'in a black box.'date=April 2014Between 116,000 and 500,000 protesters march to the Presidential Office, in opposition to recent governmental push for Cross-Strait Service Trade Agreement vote and other related issues. ](/news/2014/03/30/since-march-18th-protesters-occupy-the-legislative-chamber-opposing-the-vote-without-review-of-the-cross-strait-service-trade-agreement-d.md) _Context: legislative chamber_
9. [Protesters opposed to the vote of the Cross-Strait Trade Agreement without a clause-by-clause review continue to occupy the Taiwanese parliament.Protesters push to occupy the nearby Executive Yuan as well. ](/news/2014/03/23/protesters-opposed-to-the-vote-of-the-cross-strait-trade-agreement-without-a-clause-by-clause-review-continue-to-occupy-the-taiwanese-parlia.md) _Context: legislative chamber_
10. [Protesters storm and occupy the Legislative Yuan in Taiwan due to a unilateral move by the Kuomintang that forces the Cross-Strait Service Trade Agreement to the legislative floor without giving it an item-by-item review. ](/news/2014/03/18/protesters-storm-and-occupy-the-legislative-yuan-in-taiwan-due-to-a-unilateral-move-by-the-kuomintang-that-forces-the-cross-strait-service-t.md) _Context: legislative chamber_
