### [2015-10-29](/news/2015/10/29/index.md)

# Amnesty International accuses Australian border protection officials of illegally paying people smugglers and endangering lives in a bid to prevent boats of asylum seekers from reaching the country via Operation Sovereign Borders. Australia's government rejects Amnesty's report and denies any wrongdoing.

Amnesty International has accused Australian border protection officials of illegally paying people smugglers and endangering lives in a bid to prevent boats of asylum seekers reaching the country.


### Source:

1. [AI](https://www.amnesty.org/en/press-releases/2015/10/australia-damning-evidence-of-officials-involvement-in-transnational-crime-uncovered/)
2. [International Business Times](http://www.ibtimes.com/australia-paid-people-smugglers-turn-back-refugee-boats-committed-transnational-crime-2161546)
3. [Sky News via Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2015/10/29/human-rights-group-accuses-australia-paying-smugglers-to-turn-refugee-boats-around/)

### Related:

1. [NATO, during a two-day meeting, considers request from Turkey and Greece to monitor migrant transit in the Aegean Sea and to combat human traffickers  squeezing refugees onto unsafe boats. ](/news/2016/02/10/nato-during-a-two-day-meeting-considers-request-from-turkey-and-greece-to-monitor-migrant-transit-in-the-aegean-sea-and-to-combat-human-tr.md) _Context: people smugglers, refugee_
2. [A convention of Indigenous Australians at Mutitjulu concludes. Leaders deliver a statement to the Government of Australia outlining their position on amendments to the Constitution of Australia, including constitutional recognition. ](/news/2017/05/26/a-convention-of-indigenous-australians-at-mutitjulu-concludes-leaders-deliver-a-statement-to-the-government-of-australia-outlining-their-po.md) _Context: Government of Australia_
3. [An Italian prosecutor says there are "telephone calls" between people smugglers in Libya and some non-governmental organizations. Frontex, the European Border and Coast Guard Agency, says the practices amount to a "taxi service". One NGO says "more would die" if they were not there. ](/news/2017/04/23/an-italian-prosecutor-says-there-are-telephone-calls-between-people-smugglers-in-libya-and-some-non-governmental-organizations-frontex-t.md) _Context: people smugglers_
4. [Jordan says the country executed 15 people today, including 10 who were convicted on terrorism charges with others related to incidents that go back as far as 2003. Amnesty International protests the executions which were carried out in "secrecy and without transparency." Jordan restored the death sentence by hanging in 2014. ](/news/2017/03/4/jordan-says-the-country-executed-15-people-today-including-10-who-were-convicted-on-terrorism-charges-with-others-related-to-incidents-that.md) _Context: Amnesty International_
5. [An unknown perpetrator using an Apache helicopter fires upon a boat carrying Somali refugees off the coast of Yemen, killing at least 40 of them, injuring 35 more. ](/news/2017/03/17/an-unknown-perpetrator-using-an-apache-helicopter-fires-upon-a-boat-carrying-somali-refugees-off-the-coast-of-yemen-killing-at-least-40-of.md) _Context: refugee_
6. [A report by Amnesty International states that between 5,000 and 13,000 people, most of them civilians, were hanged at the military-run Sednaya Prison near Damascus between September 2011 and December 2015. ](/news/2017/02/7/a-report-by-amnesty-international-states-that-between-5-000-and-13-000-people-most-of-them-civilians-were-hanged-at-the-military-run-sedna.md) _Context: Amnesty International_
7. [Amnesty International releases a report criticizing the rise of populist leaders such as Donald Trump of the United States, Viktor Orban of Hungary, Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines and Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey. ](/news/2017/02/22/amnesty-international-releases-a-report-criticizing-the-rise-of-populist-leaders-such-as-donald-trump-of-the-united-states-viktor-orba-n-of.md) _Context: Amnesty International_
8. [ Amnesty International criticizes a Saudi court decision to impose the death sentence on 15 people in a case involving 32 people including 30 Saudis, one Iranian and one Afghan national in an alleged Iranian spy cell. ](/news/2016/12/6/amnesty-international-criticizes-a-saudi-court-decision-to-impose-the-death-sentence-on-15-people-in-a-case-involving-32-people-including-3.md) _Context: Amnesty International_
9. [Amnesty International reports Nigerian security forces have killed more 150 pro-Biafra demonstrators since August 2015. ](/news/2016/11/24/amnesty-international-reports-nigerian-security-forces-have-killed-more-150-pro-biafra-demonstrators-since-august-2015.md) _Context: Amnesty International_
10. [Amnesty International say dozens of children in Darfur are among more than 200 people estimated to have been killed by Sudan government chemical weapons since January. ](/news/2016/09/28/amnesty-international-say-dozens-of-children-in-darfur-are-among-more-than-200-people-estimated-to-have-been-killed-by-sudan-government-chem.md) _Context: Amnesty International_
