### [2015-10-29](/news/2015/10/29/index.md)

# British Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond says 74-year old Karl Andree, who was facing 350 lashes in Saudi Arabia after being caught with homemade wine in his car, will be released within a week. 

The 74-year-old&#039;s family thought the punishment for being caught with alcohol could kill him - but soon he&#039;ll be back in the UK.


### Source:

1. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/story/1577750/karl-andree-saudi-to-release-man-facing-lashes)
2. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/11960683/British-grandfather-Karl-Andree-to-be-released-from-Saudi-Arabia-prison.html)

### Related:

1. [Saudi Arabian ambassador to the United Kingdom Prince Mohammed bin Nawaf bin Abdulaziz, in an op-ed piece in the ''The Daily Telegraph'', warns of "potentially serious repercussions" for the two countries' relationship unless a more respectful discourse developed.  At issue is London's withdrawal from a PS5.9m (US$9.1m) prison deal with Saudi Arabia which has been linked to London's concerns about a death penalty case and a case involving Karl Andree, a 74-year-old Briton who faces 350 lashes. Today, the Saudi Supreme Court confirmed Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr's death sentence. ](/news/2015/10/26/saudi-arabian-ambassador-to-the-united-kingdom-prince-mohammed-bin-nawaf-bin-abdulaziz-in-an-op-ed-piece-in-the-the-daily-telegraph-wa.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia-United Kingdom relations, UK_
2. [The United States and the United Kingdom call for, "within hours," an immediate and unconditional ceasefire in Yemen to end the violence following last week's Saudi airstrikes, based on bad information, that killed around 140 people. ](/news/2016/10/16/the-united-states-and-the-united-kingdom-call-for-within-hours-an-immediate-and-unconditional-ceasefire-in-yemen-to-end-the-violence-fol.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, UK_
3. [Formation of the The new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Theresa May begins forming her ministry following the end of the Second Cameron ministry. The former Mayor of London Boris Johnson is appointed Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, Philip Hammond is appointed as Chancellor of the Exchequer, Amber Rudd is appointed Home Secretary filling Theresa May's former position, Liam Fox is appointed as Secretary of State for International Trade and David Davis is appointed as minister for the newly created Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union. ](/news/2016/07/13/formation-of-the-the-new-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-theresa-may-begins-forming-her-ministry-following-the-end-of-the-second-camero.md) _Context: Philip Hammond, Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs_
4. [The European Parliament adopts a resolution calling for the introduction of an arms embargo against Saudi Arabia, saying the United Kingdom, France and other EU governments should no longer sell weapons to a country accused of targeting civilians in Yemen. ](/news/2016/02/25/the-european-parliament-adopts-a-resolution-calling-for-the-introduction-of-an-arms-embargo-against-saudi-arabia-saying-the-united-kingdom.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, UK_
5. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of  talks  over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan,  the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saud.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, UK_
6. [Houthi rebels release six foreign hostages; three Americans, two Saudis, and a Briton. ](/news/2015/09/20/houthi-rebels-release-six-foreign-hostages-three-americans-two-saudis-and-a-briton.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, UK_
7. [William Hague stands down as the United Kingdom Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs as part of a cabinet reshuffle by Prime Minister David Cameron. ](/news/2014/07/14/william-hague-stands-down-as-the-united-kingdom-secretary-of-state-for-foreign-and-commonwealth-affairs-as-part-of-a-cabinet-reshuffle-by-pr.md) _Context: Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, UK_
8. [UK Secretary of State for Defence Philip Hammond announces the closure of four Army bases as part of a shake-up to accommodate the return of thousands of British troops stationed in Germany. ](/news/2013/03/5/uk-secretary-of-state-for-defence-philip-hammond-announces-the-closure-of-four-army-bases-as-part-of-a-shake-up-to-accommodate-the-return-of.md) _Context: Philip Hammond, UK_
9. [Former British Foreign Secretary David Miliband confirms he is to resign as an MP and move to the United States to become head of the International Rescue Committee in New York. ](/news/2013/03/26/former-british-foreign-secretary-david-miliband-confirms-he-is-to-resign-as-an-mp-and-move-to-the-united-states-to-become-head-of-the-intern.md) _Context: Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, UK_
10. [William Hague, the United Kingdom Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, commences a two day tour of Myanmar. ](/news/2012/01/5/william-hague-the-united-kingdom-secretary-of-state-for-foreign-and-commonwealth-affairs-commences-a-two-day-tour-of-myanmar.md) _Context: Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, UK_
