### [2015-10-29](/news/2015/10/29/index.md)

# China has decided to end its controversial one-child policy after 36 years. It is to be replaced by a new two-child policy. 

China decides to end its decades-long policy of allowing couples to have only one child, increasing the number permitted to two.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera English](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2015/10/china-child-policy-151029110647826.html)
2. [BBC News](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-34665539)

### Related:

1. [The two-child policy takes effect in China, allowing couples in the country to have at most two children, replacing the controversial one-child policy. The change in law was announced by the ruling Communist Party on October 29 and passed the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress on December 27, five days prior to its effect. ](/news/2016/01/1/the-two-child-policy-takes-effect-in-china-allowing-couples-in-the-country-to-have-at-most-two-children-replacing-the-controversial-one-ch.md) _Context: China, one-child policy, two-child policy_
2. [Police in China detain 75 people in connection with a service that determined the female gender of unborn babies for the purpose of abortion. Authorities say that at least 300 people were involved in the illegal service in the eastern Chinese province of Zhejiang. Expectant parents wanting male children smuggled fetal blood samples to Hong Kong for gender testing. China ended its one-child policy last year. ](/news/2016/10/15/police-in-china-detain-75-people-in-connection-with-a-service-that-determined-the-female-gender-of-unborn-babies-for-the-purpose-of-abortion.md) _Context: China, one-child policy_
3. [China is to relax some elements of its one-child policy and announces it will end its "re-education through labour" camps. ](/news/2013/11/15/china-is-to-relax-some-elements-of-its-one-child-policy-and-announces-it-will-end-its-re-education-through-labour-camps.md) _Context: China, one-child policy_
4. [ China relaxes its one-child policy to allow parents of children killed in the 2008 Sichuan earthquake to have another child. ](/news/2008/05/26/china-relaxes-its-one-child-policy-to-allow-parents-of-children-killed-in-the-2008-sichuan-earthquake-to-have-another-child.md) _Context: China, one-child policy_
5. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/no-dispute-with-bhutan-in-doklam-china/articleshow/59456533.cms (The Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: China_
6. [A Chinese state company signs an order with Airbus for 100 A320 and 40 A350 airplanes. ](/news/2017/07/5/a-chinese-state-company-signs-an-order-with-airbus-for-100-a320-and-40-a350-airplanes.md) _Context: China_
7. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: China_
8. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: China_
9. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: China_
10. [ Amid a stand-off between India and China over the disputed territory of Doklam which is claimed by Bhutan, the Indian National Congress denies the meeting of Rahul Gandhi with the Chinese ambassador to India. ](/news/2017/07/10/amid-a-stand-off-between-india-and-china-over-the-disputed-territory-of-doklam-which-is-claimed-by-bhutan-the-indian-national-congress-den.md) _Context: China_
