### [2015-10-29](/news/2015/10/29/index.md)

# Lockheed Martin vice president of air and missile defense Mike Trotsky tells the National Press Club in Washington, D.C., that the United States and South Korea are holding both formal and informal discussions on THAAD (Terminal High Altitude Area Defense System) deployment. South Korea's Defense Ministry and the U.S. Department of Defense deny the report. 




### Source:

1. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/World-News/2015/10/29/South-Korea-says-it-has-no-plans-to-discuss-THAAD-deployment/8791446169312/?spt=hs&or=tn_int)
2. [Yonhap News](http://english.yonhapnews.co.kr/national/2015/10/30/0301000000AEN20151030000253315.html)

### Related:

1. [A South Korean adviser says it is "impossible" for South Korea to purchase the THAAD missile complex since control of its operation would remain with the United States. The remarks come after United States president Donald Trump suggested that South Korea pay for the $1 billion system. ](/news/2017/04/27/a-south-korean-adviser-says-it-is-impossible-for-south-korea-to-purchase-the-thaad-missile-complex-since-control-of-its-operation-would-re.md) _Context: South Korea, U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system launchers, United States_
2. [The United States deploys parts of its Terminal High Altitude Area Defense in South Korea amidst high tension caused by North Korea's escalation of its missile and nuclear weapons programs. ](/news/2017/04/26/the-united-states-deploys-parts-of-its-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-in-south-korea-amidst-high-tension-caused-by-north-korea-s-escala.md) _Context: South Korea, U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system launchers, United States_
3. [The United States begins deploying the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) missile defense system in South Korea. ](/news/2017/03/7/the-united-states-begins-deploying-the-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-thaad-missile-defense-system-in-south-korea.md) _Context: South Korea, U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system launchers, United States_
4. [American and South Korean military officials agree to deploy a U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) missile defense system in the country to counter North Korea's growing threats and use of ballistic missile and nuclear tests. ](/news/2016/07/8/american-and-south-korean-military-officials-agree-to-deploy-a-u-s-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-thaad-missile-defense-system-in-th.md) _Context: South Korea, U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system launchers, United States_
5. [Amid growing concern about North Korea's ballistic missile capability, South Korea, Japan and the U.S. are to hold their first ever joint anti-missile exercise next month, according to South Korea's Ministry of National Defense. The three countries will practice "detecting and tracing a hypothetical North Korean missile," said a ministry official. ](/news/2016/05/17/amid-growing-concern-about-north-korea-s-ballistic-missile-capability-south-korea-japan-and-the-u-s-are-to-hold-their-first-ever-joint-an.md) _Context: Ministry of National Defense, South Korea, United States_
6. [The United States is reportedly blocking a $400 million plan by South Korea to sell KAI T-50 Golden Eagle trainer jets, co-developed in 2006 with Lockheed Martin, to Uzbekistan, according to "The Korea Times". The aircraft uses Lockheed Martin technologies -- including avionics -- and as such requires permission under the U.S. Arms Export Control Act for its sale to other countries. ](/news/2015/10/26/the-united-states-is-reportedly-blocking-a-400-million-plan-by-south-korea-to-sell-kai-t-50-golden-eagle-trainer-jets-co-developed-in-2006.md) _Context: Lockheed, South Korea, United States_
7. [Officials from the United States, South Korea and Japan are to meet in Washington, D.C., to discuss North Korea. ](/news/2010/11/30/officials-from-the-united-states-south-korea-and-japan-are-to-meet-in-washington-d-c-to-discuss-north-korea.md) _Context: South Korea, U.S. capital, United States_
8. [Teams of United States-based researchers, composed of American, Chinese and South Korean scientists, successfully edit a piece of faulty DNA that causes a deadly form of heart disease from cells in human embryos. ](/news/2017/08/2/teams-of-united-states-based-researchers-composed-of-american-chinese-and-south-korean-scientists-successfully-edit-a-piece-of-faulty-dna.md) _Context: South Korea, United States_
9. [North Korea launches an intercontinental ballistic missile that flies 620 miles horizontally in about 45 minutes, landing in the Sea of Japan, according to Japan, South Korea and the United States. ](/news/2017/07/28/north-korea-launches-an-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-that-flies-620-miles-horizontally-in-about-45-minutes-landing-in-the-sea-of-japa.md) _Context: South Korea, United States_
10. [Six teenagers, four males and two females, from a Burundi robotics team are reported missing after competing in the FIRST Global Robotics Competition in Washington, D.C. A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year old girl reportedly crossed the United States border into Canada. There is no indication of foul play. ](/news/2017/07/20/six-teenagers-four-males-and-two-females-from-a-burundi-robotics-team-are-reported-missing-after-competing-in-the-first-global-robotics-co.md) _Context: U.S. capital, United States_
