### [2015-10-29](/news/2015/10/29/index.md)

# Saudi Arabian blogger Raif Badawi, who has been sentenced to 1,000 lashes and 10 years in jail for insulting Islam and for cyber crime, wins the European Union's prestigious Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought. The Sakharov award ceremony will be held in Strasbourg, France on December 16, 2015 while the laureate remains imprisoned. 




### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://america.aljazeera.com/articles/2015/10/29/jailed-saudi-blogger-raif-badawi-awarded-rights-prize.html)
2. [EU](http://www.europarl.europa.eu/news/en/news-room/content/20151023STO99024/html/European-Parliament-awards-Sakharov-Prize-to-Raif-Badawi)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/29/us-eu-rights-badawi-idUSKCN0SN1FT20151029)

### Related:

1. [The European Parliament adopts a resolution calling for the introduction of an arms embargo against Saudi Arabia, saying the United Kingdom, France and other EU governments should no longer sell weapons to a country accused of targeting civilians in Yemen. ](/news/2016/02/25/the-european-parliament-adopts-a-resolution-calling-for-the-introduction-of-an-arms-embargo-against-saudi-arabia-saying-the-united-kingdom.md) _Context: European Union, France, Saudi Arabia_
2. [Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-berlin-to-discuss-the-consequences-of-the-united-kin.md) _Context: European Union, France_
3. [France's National Assembly votes to adopt a non-binding resolution to lift European Union sanctions against Russia, applied after Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014. Former President Nicolas Sarkozy's Republicans, as well as center-right and far-left groups voted in favor of lifting the sanctions, while the ruling Socialist Party and The Greens voted against the resolution. ](/news/2016/04/28/france-s-national-assembly-votes-to-adopt-a-non-binding-resolution-to-lift-european-union-sanctions-against-russia-applied-after-russia-s-a.md) _Context: European Union, France_
4. [Saudi Arabia arrests Samar Badawi, a human rights activist who received the International Women of Courage Award from the United States in 2012. Badawi is to appear in court on Wednesday, according to Amnesty International. Both her brother, Raif Badawi, publisher of the "Free Saudi Liberals" blog, and former husband, Waleed Sami Abulkhair, are currently imprisoned. ](/news/2016/01/12/saudi-arabia-arrests-samar-badawi-a-human-rights-activist-who-received-the-international-women-of-courage-award-from-the-united-states-in-2.md) _Context: Raif Badawi, Saudi Arabia_
5. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of  talks  over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan,  the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saud.md) _Context: France, Saudi Arabia_
6. [Iran, the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, People's Republic of China, Germany, and the European Union (the P5+1) reach a breakthrough agreement on the general framework for an agreement on Iran's nuclear program, but sign no verbal agreement or official document. The deadline for a full deal is June 30, 2015. ](/news/2015/04/2/iran-the-united-states-the-united-kingdom-france-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-germany-and-the-european-union-the-p5-1-reach-a.md) _Context: European Union, France_
7. [In Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, blogger Raif Badawi receives 50 lashes for "insulting Islam".  This first punishment is part of a sentence of ten years' imprisonment and 1,000 lashes.  He will receive 50 lashes a week for 19 more weeks. ](/news/2015/01/9/in-jeddah-saudi-arabia-blogger-raif-badawi-receives-50-lashes-for-insulting-islam-this-first-punishment-is-part-of-a-sentence-of-ten-y.md) _Context: Raif Badawi, Saudi Arabia_
8. [France reports its first death from the Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus as Saudi Arabia advises of five new cases. ](/news/2013/05/28/france-reports-its-first-death-from-the-middle-east-respiratory-syndrome-coronavirus-as-saudi-arabia-advises-of-five-new-cases.md) _Context: France, Saudi Arabia_
9. [Moody's Investors Service downgrades the credit ratings of several European Union members including Italy, Malta, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia and Spain and issues a negative outlook for the ratings of Austria, France and the United Kingdom. ](/news/2012/02/13/moody-s-investors-service-downgrades-the-credit-ratings-of-several-european-union-members-including-italy-malta-portugal-slovakia-sloven.md) _Context: European Union, France_
10. [Police clash with local residents who object to Italian government plans to build a European Union-funded rail link with France near their homes in the Italian Alps. The police intervention follows a peaceful candlelight nighttime prayer vigil featuring thousands of people. ](/news/2011/06/27/police-clash-with-local-residents-who-object-to-italian-government-plans-to-build-a-european-union-funded-rail-link-with-france-near-their-h.md) _Context: European Union, France_
