### [2015-10-29](/news/2015/10/29/index.md)

# The carrier USS ''Ronald Reagan'', during a military exercise with South Korea  in the Sea of Japan's international waters, scrambled four fighter jets to intercept approaching Russian warplanes,  according to the U.S. Navy. IHS Jane's Defence Weekly said encounters such as these were common during the Cold War, subsided with its end but picked up again under current Russian President Vladimir Putin.  




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2015/10/29/politics/us-aircraft-carrier-russian-plane-encounter/)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/29/us-usa-russia-defense-idUSKCN0SN20E20151029)

### Related:

1. [U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435|mi|km reaching an altitude of more than 1245|mi|km before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60|mi|km south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launched-a-test-missile-from-the-west-coast-city-of-kusong-the-projectile-travelle.md) _Context: Russia, Sea of Japan, South Korea_
2. [Russian President Vladimir Putin signs a symbolic order to withdraw Russia's signature from the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court (ICC) amid calls by pro-rebel western Non-governmental organisations for an investigation into alleged Russian war crimes in Syria. ](/news/2016/11/16/russian-president-vladimir-putin-signs-a-symbolic-order-to-withdraw-russia-s-signature-from-the-rome-statute-of-the-international-criminal-c.md) _Context: President of Russia, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
3. [A fire at a warehouse in Moscow, Russia, kills at least 17 people, all migrant workers from Kyrgyzstan.  The Investigative Committee of Russia, which reports directly to President Vladimir Putin, says a criminal inquiry has been launched. ](/news/2016/08/27/a-fire-at-a-warehouse-in-moscow-russia-kills-at-least-17-people-all-migrant-workers-from-kyrgyzstan-the-investigative-committee-of-russ.md) _Context: President of Russia, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
4. [Democratic presidential election nominee Hillary Clinton accuses Russian intelligence services of being behind recent hacks into Democratic National Committee computers, while also accusing Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump of supporting Russian President Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2016/07/31/democratic-presidential-election-nominee-hillary-clinton-accuses-russian-intelligence-services-of-being-behind-recent-hacks-into-democratic.md) _Context: President of Russia, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
5. [Following his meeting at Finnish  President Sauli Niinisto's residence, Russian President Vladimir Putin says that Russia would respect Finland's choice whether to join NATO, though as part of NATO's military infrastructure, Finnish Defence Forces would overnight be at the borders of the Russian Federation. Putin and Niinisto call for improved security in Baltic airspace where Russian and Western aircraft have had close encounters in recent months. ](/news/2016/07/1/following-his-meeting-at-finnish-president-sauli-niinistap-s-residence-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-that-russia-would-respect-fin.md) _Context: President of Russia, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
6. [A Spanish judge issues an arrest warrant for various individuals with links to organized crime from Russia. The list also includes former and current officials of the Russian government with close links to Russian President Vladimir Putin. Prominent officials include former Defense Minister Anatoliy Serdyukov and former Prime Minister Viktor Zubkov. The charges range from money laundering to assassination. ](/news/2016/05/3/a-spanish-judge-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-various-individuals-with-links-to-organized-crime-from-russia-the-list-also-includes-former-an.md) _Context: President of Russia, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
7. [President of Russia Vladimir Putin accuses the United States of reneging on a 16-year-old deal that called for reducing Russia's and the United States' stockpiles of weapons-grade plutonium. He accused Washington of trying to preserve its ability to turn some of its plutonium stockpile back into a form usable for nuclear weapons. ](/news/2016/04/23/president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-accuses-the-united-states-of-reneging-on-a-16-year-old-deal-that-called-for-reducing-russia-s-and-the-uni.md) _Context: President of Russia, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
8. [Finland and Russia agree to impose temporary restrictions at two Arctic border crossing points on the Finnish-Russian border following an increased flow of asylum seekers from Russia to Finland. Under a deal clinched by Russian President Vladimir Putin and Finnish President Sauli Niinisto in Moscow, crossings at two popular entry points, Salla and Raja-Jooseppi, will be reserved only for Finnish, Russian and Belarusian citizens and their family members for a period of 180 days. ](/news/2016/03/22/finland-and-russia-agree-to-impose-temporary-restrictions-at-two-arctic-border-crossing-points-on-the-finnisharussian-border-following-an.md) _Context: President of Russia, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
9. [Russian President Vladimir Putin says he hopes nuclear warheads will not be needed to deal with terrorists, after Russia launched cruise missiles at Islamic State positions in Syria from one of its Kilo-class submarines in the Mediterranean. ](/news/2015/12/9/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-he-hopes-nuclear-warheads-will-not-be-needed-to-deal-with-terrorists-after-russia-launched-cruise-mis.md) _Context: President of Russia, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
10. [Russian President Vladimir Putin signs an amendment to Russia's law regarding the regulation of the use of weapons, giving the FSB the authority to use lethal force on crowds in order to "prevent acts of terrorism, rescue hostages, or repel attacks on public buildings." ](/news/2015/12/31/russian-president-vladimir-putin-signs-an-amendment-to-russia-s-law-regarding-the-regulation-of-the-use-of-weapons-giving-the-fsb-the-autho.md) _Context: President of Russia, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
