### [2015-10-29](/news/2015/10/29/index.md)

# The European Union narrowly votes (285-281) to recommend that its 28 member nations drop criminal charges against Edward Snowden and protect him from U.S. extradition and to recognize him as a defender of human rights because of his revelations regarding U.S. and British spying. 

Edward Snowden might set up residence in any of nearly 30 European nations after their governing body passed a resolution to protect the whistleblower.


### Source:

1. [Foreign Policy](http://foreignpolicy.com/2015/10/29/eu-parliament-calls-for-snowden-to-get-asylum/)
2. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/World-News/2015/10/29/EU-to-member-states-Drop-charges-protect-human-rights-defender-Snowden-from-US/2301446163234/)
2. [Cover Image](http://cdnph.upi.com/sv/ph/og/upi/2301446163234/2015/1/5bb997eb6ecba17cc7b087733a9accb6/v1.5/EU-to-member-states-Drop-charges-protect-human-rights-defender-Snowden-from-US.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Iran, the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, People's Republic of China, Germany, and the European Union (the P5+1) reach a breakthrough agreement on the general framework for an agreement on Iran's nuclear program, but sign no verbal agreement or official document. The deadline for a full deal is June 30, 2015. ](/news/2015/04/2/iran-the-united-states-the-united-kingdom-france-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-germany-and-the-european-union-the-p5-1-reach-a.md) _Context: EU, United Kingdom, United States_
2. [Edward Snowden is charged by the United States with espionage. ](/news/2013/06/21/edward-snowden-is-charged-by-the-united-states-with-espionage.md) _Context: Edward Snowden, United States, espionage_
3. [ Briton Gary McKinnon, accused of carrying out the biggest ever U.S. military hacking operation, loses his court appeal to have his case heard in Britain, and faces extradition to the United States. ](/news/2009/07/31/briton-gary-mckinnon-accused-of-carrying-out-the-biggest-ever-u-s-military-hacking-operation-loses-his-court-appeal-to-have-his-case-hea.md) _Context: United Kingdom, United States, extradited_
4. [The United States vetoes a United Nations Security Council resolution aimed at stopping Israeli airstrikes against Gaza. UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and the United Kingdom, European Union, Russia, France, and China all call for a ceasefire. ](/news/2008/12/28/the-united-states-vetoes-a-united-nations-security-council-resolution-aimed-at-stopping-israeli-airstrikes-against-gaza-un-secretary-genera.md) _Context: EU, United Kingdom, United States_
5. [ In the United Kingdom, the Appellate Committee of the House of Lords rejects an appeal by alleged British computer hacker Gary McKinnon against extradition to the United States to face charges of hacking into Pentagon and NASA computers. ](/news/2008/07/30/in-the-united-kingdom-the-appellate-committee-of-the-house-of-lords-rejects-an-appeal-by-alleged-british-computer-hacker-gary-mckinnon-aga.md) _Context: United Kingdom, United States, extradited_
6. [ The City of Westminster Magistrates' Court rules Egyptian-born Muslim cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri can be extradited from the United Kingdom to the United States, where he is accused of terrorism. ](/news/2007/11/15/the-city-of-westminster-magistrates-court-rules-egyptian-born-muslim-cleric-abu-hamza-al-masri-can-be-extradited-from-the-united-kingdom-t.md) _Context: United Kingdom, United States, extradited_
7. [Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-charter-08-is-suffering-fr.md) _Context: United Kingdom, United States_
8. [UK Prime Minister Theresa May announces that citizens of the European Union living in the United Kingdom will be able to acquire a "UK settled status" after the UK leaves the EU. ](/news/2017/06/22/uk-prime-minister-theresa-may-announces-that-citizens-of-the-european-union-living-in-the-united-kingdom-will-be-able-to-acquire-a-uk-settl.md) _Context: EU, United Kingdom_
9. [European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expatriates.md) _Context: EU, United Kingdom_
10. [American consumer goods company Post Holdings agrees to acquire British cereal maker Weetabix Limited from China's Bright Food for $1.8 billion. ](/news/2017/04/18/american-consumer-goods-company-post-holdings-agrees-to-acquire-british-cereal-maker-weetabix-limited-from-china-s-bright-food-for-1-8-bill.md) _Context: United Kingdom, United States_
