### [2008-10-31](/news/2008/10/31/index.md)

#  Libya pays US$1.5 billion in compensation for past terrorist attacks to the United States, clearing the way for normal diplomatic ties between the two countries. 

The United States said it has received $US1.5 billion ($2.25 billion) from Libya, the entire sum required to compensate the families of victims of terrorist attacks.


### Source:

1. [AFP via ABC](http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2008/11/01/2407533.htm)

### Related:

1. [An Austrian court grants a United States request to extradite Ukrainian businessman Dmytro Firtash. U.S. officials accuse Firtash of being involved in a scandal where he allegedly paid US$18.5 million in bribes for a permit to mine titanium in India, something Firtash denies. ](/news/2017/02/21/an-austrian-court-grants-a-united-states-request-to-extradite-ukrainian-businessman-dmytro-firtash-u-s-officials-accuse-firtash-of-being-i.md) _Context: US$, United States_
2. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). U.S. B-2 stealth bombers strike two ISIL camps, south of the city of Sirte, Libya, killing more than 80 militants, according to United States Secretary of Defense Ash Carter. ](/news/2017/01/19/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-u-s-b-2-stealth-bombers-strike-two-isil-camps-south-of-the-city-of-sirte-libya-killing-more-than-80-m.md) _Context: Libya, United States_
3. [Volkswagen diesel emissions cheating scandal. Volkswagen agrees to pay $175 million to United States lawyers suing the German automaker on behalf of the owners of 475,000 polluting vehicles. ](/news/2016/10/14/volkswagen-diesel-emissions-cheating-scandal-volkswagen-agrees-to-pay-175-million-to-united-states-lawyers-suing-the-german-automaker-on-b.md) _Context: US$, United States_
4. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). The United States launches airstrikes on ISIL positions in the Libyan city of Sirte following a request from the UN-backed Government of National Accord. Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj, in a televised address, says the strikes have caused "heavy ISIL losses". ](/news/2016/08/1/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-united-states-launches-airstrikes-on-isil-positions-in-the-libyan-city-of-sirte-following-a-request-f.md) _Context: Libya, United States_
5. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). Two Serbian embassy staff abducted in Libya in November 2015 are believed to have been among dozens killed in yesterday's U.S. airstrike on a ISIL camp in Sabratha, according to Serbia's Foreign Minister Ivica Dacic. ](/news/2016/02/20/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-two-serbian-embassy-staff-abducted-in-libya-in-november-2015-are-believed-to-have-been-among-dozens-kille.md) _Context: Libya, United States_
6. [Rojava conflict. Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan blasts the United States over its support for Syrian Kurdish groups which Turkey considers to be terrorists. ](/news/2016/02/10/rojava-conflict-turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-blasts-the-united-states-over-its-support-for-syrian-kurdish-groups-which-turkey-co.md) _Context: United States, terrorism_
7. [In the United States, the hacking group Anonymous starts releasing names and information about alleged members of the Ku Klux Klan (KKK), a white-supremacist terrorist group originally founded after the Civil War by former Confederate soldiers. Prominent individuals listed deny the allegations. The group says they also infiltrated KKK-affiliated websites, and warned of more action culminating on November 24, the anniversary of the Ferguson, Missouri grand jury's decision not to indict. ](/news/2015/11/2/in-the-united-states-the-hacking-group-anonymous-starts-releasing-names-and-information-about-alleged-members-of-the-ku-klux-klan-kkk-a.md) _Context: United States, terrorism_
8. [Military intervention against ISIL. Libyan Civil War (2014-present). A U.S. airstrike on a compound in the Libyan port city of Derna is said to have killed Wisam al Zubaidi, also known as Abu Nabil al-Anbari, who commands the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's branch in Libya. A Pentagon official, speaking on condition of anonymity to discuss details of the operation, said the airstrike involved F-15 aircraft and was believed to have killed Zubaidi. He said the attack had been planned for some time. ](/news/2015/11/14/military-intervention-against-isil-libyan-civil-war-2014-present-a-u-s-airstrike-on-a-compound-in-the-libyan-port-city-of-derna-is-sa.md) _Context: Libya, United States_
9. [Rite Aid, one of the largest chains of pharmacies in the United States, announces that it is purchasing EnvisionRx, a pharmacy benefits manager, from TPG Capital, for $2 billion. ](/news/2015/02/11/rite-aid-one-of-the-largest-chains-of-pharmacies-in-the-united-states-announces-that-it-is-purchasing-envisionrx-a-pharmacy-benefits-mana.md) _Context: US$, United States_
10. [The United States fines the Indian pharmaceutical company Ranbaxy Laboratories US$500 million after they are found guilty of selling adulterated drugs to the United States. ](/news/2013/05/14/the-united-states-fines-the-indian-pharmaceutical-company-ranbaxy-laboratories-us-500-million-after-they-are-found-guilty-of-selling-adulter.md) _Context: US$, United States_
