### [2002-05-15](/news/2002/05/15/index.md)

#  Politics of the Netherlands: General elections for the lower house of parliament were held. The Lijst Pim Fortuyn (LPF) was the great winner, the party gained 26 of the 150 seats, a historic achievement for a new party. The CDA (Christen Democratisch Appl) led by Jan Peter Balkenende became the greatest party (43 seats). The great losers were the coalition parties of the ruling "purple coalition" (PvdA, labour party; VVD, liberals; D'66, leftist liberals). These parties were diminished to half of their former size. Ad Melkert (PvdA) resigns as political leader of his party.




### Related:

1. [ Politics of the Netherlands. A new cabinet is sworn in, with Jan Peter Balkenende replacing Wim Kok as Prime Minister. He heads a coalition of three parties: Christen Democratisch Appl, Lijst Pim Fortuyn and Volkspartij voor Vrijheid en Democratie. One of the state secretaries of the new cabinet resigned a few hours later.](/news/2002/07/22/politics-of-the-netherlands-a-new-cabinet-is-sworn-in-with-jan-peter-balkenende-replacing-wim-kok-as-prime-minister-he-heads-a-coalition.md) _Context: Christen Democratisch Appl, Dutch politics, Jan Peter Balkenende, LPF_
2. [ Politics of the Netherlands: The cabinet of Balkenende resigns. Because of the constant internal fighting in the new party LPF, the other two governing parties, CDA and VVD decided that continuing the coalition was impossible. It seems almost certain that there will be new elections, possibly as early as December.: Officials in Brussels fear that the collapse in the Netherlands will delay the expansion of the EU. The Netherlands cabinet was already divided on the issue and if new elections are to be held it may take 4-5 months before another cabinet is installed that is willing to make a decision.](/news/2002/10/16/politics-of-the-netherlands-the-cabinet-of-balkenende-resigns-because-of-the-constant-internal-fighting-in-the-new-party-lpf-the-other-t.md) _Context: Dutch politics, LPF, VVD_
3. [Anouchka van Miltenburg of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD) is elected as President of the House of Representatives of the Netherlands, giving the VVD the "Big Three" in Dutch politics: Prime Minister, President of the Senate and President of the House of Representatives. ](/news/2012/09/25/anouchka-van-miltenburg-of-the-people-s-party-for-freedom-and-democracy-vvd-is-elected-as-president-of-the-house-of-representatives-of-the.md) _Context: Dutch politics_
4. [The Dutch government freezes all contacts with Iran in protest over the fate of a Dutch-Iranian woman who was hanged for alleged drug smuggling. ](/news/2011/01/29/the-dutch-government-freezes-all-contacts-with-iran-in-protest-over-the-fate-of-a-dutch-iranian-woman-who-was-hanged-for-alleged-drug-smuggl.md) _Context: Dutch politics_
5. [Dutch general election of 2010:: Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkenende resigns as leader of the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA) after a disappointing election result. ](/news/2010/06/9/dutch-general-election-of-2010-prime-minister-jan-peter-balkenende-resigns-as-leader-of-the-christian-democratic-appeal-cda-after-a-disa.md) _Context: Jan Peter Balkenende_
6. [Prime Minister of the Netherlands Jan Peter Balkenende says the country will begin pulling out of Afghanistan in August and be gone by the end of the year following the collapse of Balkenende-4 over the issue. ](/news/2010/02/21/prime-minister-of-the-netherlands-jan-peter-balkenende-says-the-country-will-begin-pulling-out-of-afghanistan-in-august-and-be-gone-by-the-e.md) _Context: Jan Peter Balkenende_
7. [ Saba threatens to secede from the Netherlands Antilles in a letter to Dutch Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkenende. ](/news/2009/09/1/saba-threatens-to-secede-from-the-netherlands-antilles-in-a-letter-to-dutch-prime-minister-jan-peter-balkenende.md) _Context: Jan Peter Balkenende_
8. [ The Dutch care-taker government of prime minister Jan Peter Balkenende is in crisis after the House of Representatives passes a motion of disapproval against immigration minister Rita Verdonk. ](/news/2006/12/13/the-dutch-care-taker-government-of-prime-minister-jan-peter-balkenende-is-in-crisis-after-the-house-of-representatives-passes-a-motion-of-d.md) _Context: Jan Peter Balkenende_
9. [ The Dutch Labour party gains more than five hundred seats in the country's municipal election. ](/news/2006/03/7/the-dutch-labour-party-gains-more-than-five-hundred-seats-in-the-country-s-municipal-election.md) _Context: Dutch Labour party_
