### [2015-11-27](/news/2015/11/27/index.md)

# Former Saenuri Party member of the South Korean National Assembly Cho Hyun-ryong is jailed for five years for accepting bribes. 




### Source:

1. [Yonhap](http://english.yonhapnews.co.kr/news/2015/11/27/0200000000AEN20151127003600315.html?input=www.tweeter.com)

### Related:

1. [The South Korean National Assembly begins hearings ahead of an impeachment vote against President Park Geun-Hye. ](/news/2016/12/5/the-south-korean-national-assembly-begins-hearings-ahead-of-an-impeachment-vote-against-president-park-geun-hye.md) _Context: South Korea, parliamentary review_
2. [Voters in South Korea go to the polls for a legislative election with the ruling Saenuri Party losing seats in a surprise setback. ](/news/2016/04/13/voters-in-south-korea-go-to-the-polls-for-a-legislative-election-with-the-ruling-saenuri-party-losing-seats-in-a-surprise-setback.md) _Context: Saenuri Party, South Korea_
3. [South Korean opposition lawmakers'  anti-terrorism bill filibuster, which stops all other legislative business, extends its world record to  115 hours Sunday afternoon,  easily besting Canada's 58-hour session in 2011. The major issue is giving South Korea's intelligence agency powers to monitor private communications. This parliamentary session is set to end March 11, with elections on April 13. ](/news/2016/02/28/south-korean-opposition-lawmakers-anti-terrorism-bill-filibuster-which-stops-all-other-legislative-business-extends-its-world-record-to.md) _Context: South Korea, parliamentary review_
4. [South Korea's opposition holds a parliamentary filibuster, the first in the National Assembly  since 1969, to block the current anti-terrorism bill that would expand National Intelligence Service powers. The opposition plans to continue until March 11, when the session is scheduled to end. ](/news/2016/02/24/south-korea-s-opposition-holds-a-parliamentary-filibuster-the-first-in-the-national-assembly-since-1969-to-block-the-current-anti-terrori.md) _Context: South Korea, parliamentary review_
5. [South Korea's parliament approves a free trade pact with China after opposition lawmakers, concerned that deal that would hurt agriculture and fisheries, secured a $1.4 billion relief package for farmers. ](/news/2015/11/30/south-korea-s-parliament-approves-a-free-trade-pact-with-china-after-opposition-lawmakers-concerned-that-deal-that-would-hurt-agriculture-a.md) _Context: South Korea, parliamentary review_
6. [South Korean presidential election, 2012:Voters in South Korea go to the polls with exit polls showing a very close race expected between Park Geun-hye of the conservative Saenuri Party and Moon Jae-in of the left-of-centre Democratic United Party. ](/news/2012/12/19/south-korean-presidential-election-2012-pvoters-in-south-korea-go-to-the-polls-with-exit-polls-showing-a-very-close-race-expected-between-p.md) _Context: Saenuri Party, South Korea_
7. [Voters in South Korea go to the polls for a legislative election with the governing Saenuri Party retaining control of the National Assembly of South Korea. ](/news/2012/04/11/voters-in-south-korea-go-to-the-polls-for-a-legislative-election-with-the-governing-saenuri-party-retaining-control-of-the-national-assembly.md) _Context: Saenuri Party, South Korea_
8. [South Korea's National Police raid the headquarters of Korean Air as part of an investigation into embezzlement and breach of trust related to misappropriated funds alleged to have been used to fund construction at the residence of Korean Air Chairman Cho Yang-ho (father of Heather Cho, instigator of the "Nut rage incident" in 2014). The company's shares continue to drop. ](/news/2017/07/7/south-korea-s-national-police-raid-the-headquarters-of-korean-air-as-part-of-an-investigation-into-embezzlement-and-breach-of-trust-related.md) _Context: South Korea_
9. [North Korea launches an intercontinental ballistic missile that flies 620 miles horizontally in about 45 minutes, landing in the Sea of Japan, according to Japan, South Korea and the United States.  ](/news/2017/07/28/north-korea-launches-an-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-that-flies-620-miles-horizontally-in-about-45-minutes-landing-in-the-sea-of-japa.md) _Context: South Korea_
10. [North Korea test fires several missiles, believed to be anti-ship weapons. The test comes immediately after South Korea suspends further deployment of the THAAD anti-missile system. ](/news/2017/06/8/north-korea-test-fires-several-missiles-believed-to-be-anti-ship-weapons-the-test-comes-immediately-after-south-korea-suspends-further-dep.md) _Context: South Korea_
