### [2015-11-27](/news/2015/11/27/index.md)

# France holds a memorial service for the 130 victims of the attacks two weeks ago. 

France holds a national memorial service to remember the 130 people who died in the Paris attacks two weeks ago.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-34940427?ns_mchannel=social&ns_campaign=bbc_breaking&ns_source=twitter&ns_linkname=news_central)

### Related:

1. [Belgian prosecutors hand over Salah Abdeslam, a key suspect in the November 2015 Paris attacks, to French authorities. ](/news/2016/04/27/belgian-prosecutors-hand-over-salah-abdeslam-a-key-suspect-in-the-november-2015-paris-attacks-to-french-authorities.md) _Context: France, November 2015 Paris Attacks_
2. [Christiane Taubira, differing with President Francois Hollande concerning  pending terrorist/citizenship legislation, resigns as the Minister of Justice in France. ](/news/2016/01/27/christiane-taubira-differing-with-president-franassois-hollande-concerning-pending-terrorist-citizenship-legislation-resigns-as-the-minist.md) _Context: France, November 2015 Paris Attacks_
3. [Voters in France begin voting in the first round of regional elections just three weeks after the deadly Islamic State militant attacks in Paris. Exit polls show strong gains for the far-right National Front  which is leading in six regions and reshape the political landscape after decades of domination by the centre-left and the centre-right coalitions. Midday voter participation is 16.27 percent, marginally higher than five years ago. There are 44.6 million eligible voters. ](/news/2015/12/6/voters-in-france-begin-voting-in-the-first-round-of-regional-elections-just-three-weeks-after-the-deadly-islamic-state-militant-attacks-in-p.md) _Context: France, November 2015 Paris Attacks_
4. [In an act of solidarity with France following the Paris massacre, Germany's parliament (the Bundestag) approves measures to move past the military's primary defensive role, to send six of its 29 operational, yet aged, Tornado reconnaissance aircraft, and as many as 1,200 soldiers to support the coalition missions against Islamic State militants in Syria. The airplanes will be limited to support activities; they will not fly combat missions. ](/news/2015/12/4/in-an-act-of-solidarity-with-france-following-the-paris-massacre-germany-s-parliament-the-bundestag-approves-measures-to-move-past-the-mi.md) _Context: France, November 2015 Paris Attacks_
5. [French intelligence services are reportedly operating under the theory that Paris-attacks suspect Salah Abdeslam has escaped to Syria despite country-wide martial law in 3 different countries. ](/news/2015/11/30/french-intelligence-services-are-reportedly-operating-under-the-theory-that-paris-attacks-suspect-salah-abdeslam-has-escaped-to-syria-despit.md) _Context: France, November 2015 Paris Attacks_
6. [British Prime Minister David Cameron, in a speech to the House of Commons says that Islamic extremists have already threatened citizens of the United Kingdom and UK military airstrikes against ISIL in Syria will serve only to make the UK safer.  Cameron also says that the UK cannot outsource its security and must stand by France in the wake of the November 2015 Paris attacks. ](/news/2015/11/26/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-in-a-speech-to-the-house-of-commons-says-that-islamic-extremists-have-already-threatened-citizens-of-t.md) _Context: France, November 2015 Paris Attacks_
7. [At least one person is killed after a group of armed men took people hostage in the northern French town of Roubaix near the Belgian border. The hostages are thought to be a bank director and his family. French police say the incident may be related to a robbery and not to the November 2015 attacks in Paris. ](/news/2015/11/24/at-least-one-person-is-killed-after-a-group-of-armed-men-took-people-hostage-in-the-northern-french-town-of-roubaix-near-the-belgian-border.md) _Context: France, November 2015 Paris Attacks_
8. [Russian warships launch cruise missiles from the Caspian Sea against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant positions in Syria's eastern Deir ez-Zor. Russian Defense Minister, Sergey Shoigu, reported over 600 terrorists were killed in the strikes. Video footage also emerged of Russian ground crew servicemen writing the words "For Paris" on bombs to be dropped on ISIL targets in a show of solidarity with France in the wake of the November 13 terror attacks that left 130 people dead in Paris. ](/news/2015/11/20/russian-warships-launch-cruise-missiles-from-the-caspian-sea-against-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-positions-in-syria-s-eastern-deir.md) _Context: France, November 2015 Paris Attacks_
9. [The top of Dubai's Burj Khalifa, the world's tallest skyscraper, is lit up in the blue, white and red of the French flag, in tribute to France and those killed in the attacks in Paris. Other landmark buildings in the United Arab Emirates, including the sail-shaped Burj Al Arab building, also paid tribute. ](/news/2015/11/15/the-top-of-dubai-s-burj-khalifa-the-world-s-tallest-skyscraper-is-lit-up-in-the-blue-white-and-red-of-the-french-flag-in-tribute-to-fran.md) _Context: France, November 2015 Paris Attacks_
10. [A man who was yelling "This is for Syria" while attacking a police officer with a hammer near Notre-Dame de Paris, France is shot and wounded by another officer.  Prosecutors open a terrorism probe. ](/news/2017/06/6/a-man-who-was-yelling-this-is-for-syria-while-attacking-a-police-officer-with-a-hammer-near-notre-dame-de-paris-france-is-shot-and-wounde.md) _Context: France_
