### [2015-11-27](/news/2015/11/27/index.md)

# Greek government-debt crisis. A new study shows Greece's six-year austerity program is even affecting prostitution. Gregory Laxos, a sociology professor at the Panteion University in Athens, told the "Times of London" the going rate for sex with a prostitute was 50 euros ($53) when the economic crisis began. Now, it-s fallen to as low as two euros ($2.12) for a 30-minute session, or to a cheese pie, a sandwich because they are hungry. 

Sex in Greece is some of the cheapest on offer in Europe as six years of financial austerity take a toll.


### Source:

1. [Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/young-greek-women-selling-sex-for-the-price-of-a-sandwich-new-study-shows/2015/11/27/c469695e-94d9-11e5-b5e4-279b4501e8a6_story.html?wpmm=1&wpisrc=nl_evening)

### Related:

1. [Greek government-debt crisis. Greece demands an explanation from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) after an apparent leaked transcript suggested the IMF may threaten to pull out of the country's bailout as a tactic to force European lenders to offer more debt relief. Whistleblowing site WikiLeaks published what it said was the transcript of a March 19 conference call of three senior IMF officials discussing tactics to apply pressure on Greece, Germany and the EU to reach a deal in April. ](/news/2016/04/2/greek-government-debt-crisis-greece-demands-an-explanation-from-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-after-an-apparent-leaked-transcript-s.md) _Context: Greek, Greek government-debt crisis_
2. [A bomb blast at the Hellenic Business Federation offices in central Athens, Greece, damages the Cypriot Embassy across the street. While there is yet no claim for responsibility the authorities suspect a domestic guerrilla group set off the blast. ](/news/2015/11/24/a-bomb-blast-at-the-hellenic-business-federation-offices-in-central-athens-greece-damages-the-cypriot-embassy-across-the-street-while-the.md) _Context: Athens, Greek_
3. [Greek government-debt crisis. The Bundestag votes to approve a third bailout for Greece. ](/news/2015/08/19/greek-government-debt-crisis-the-bundestag-votes-to-approve-a-third-bailout-for-greece.md) _Context: Greek, Greek government-debt crisis_
4. [Greek government-debt crisis. Greece becomes the first advanced economy to miss a payment to the International Monetary Fund in the 71-year history of the IMF, unwinding decades of precedent and affecting consequences for the fund's future rescues. ](/news/2015/07/1/greek-government-debt-crisis-greece-becomes-the-first-advanced-economy-to-miss-a-payment-to-the-international-monetary-fund-in-the-71-year.md) _Context: Greek, Greek government-debt crisis_
5. [Greek government-debt crisis. The Greek bailout program by the European Union ends today with Greece failing to make a payment to the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2015/06/30/greek-government-debt-crisis-the-greek-bailout-program-by-the-european-union-ends-today-with-greece-failing-to-make-a-payment-to-the-intern.md) _Context: Greek, Greek government-debt crisis_
6. [Greek government-debt crisis. The BBC reports that the European Central Bank will cap lending to Greece's struggling banks, causing the run on the nation's banks to become even worse. Next week a referendum will be held about leaving the Euro currency. ](/news/2015/06/28/greek-government-debt-crisis-the-bbc-reports-that-the-european-central-bank-will-cap-lending-to-greece-s-struggling-banks-causing-the-run.md) _Context: Greek, Greek government-debt crisis_
7. [Greek government-debt crisis. Eurozone finance ministers reject a request by Greece to extend debt negotiations past Tuesday's deadline. ](/news/2015/06/27/greek-government-debt-crisis-eurozone-finance-ministers-reject-a-request-by-greece-to-extend-debt-negotiations-past-tuesday-s-deadline.md) _Context: Greek, Greek government-debt crisis_
8. [Greek government-debt crisis. Greece and its creditors harden their stances after the collapse of talks aimed at preventing a default. ](/news/2015/06/15/greek-government-debt-crisis-greece-and-its-creditors-harden-their-stances-after-the-collapse-of-talks-aimed-at-preventing-a-default.md) _Context: Greek, Greek government-debt crisis_
9. [Greek anti-terror police arrest four people in Athens, Greece in alleged relation to the January 15 failed terrorist plot to kill police officers in Belgium. ](/news/2015/01/17/greek-anti-terror-police-arrest-four-people-in-athens-greece-in-alleged-relation-to-the-january-15-failed-terrorist-plot-to-kill-police-off.md) _Context: Athens, Greek_
10. [Greek government-debt crisis:. Greek labor unions begin a general strike to protest ongoing government austerity measures shuting down public medical, educational, and transportational services. ](/news/2014/11/27/greek-government-debt-crisis-greek-labor-unions-begin-a-general-strike-to-protest-ongoing-government-austerity-measures-shuting-down-publi.md) _Context: Greek, Greek government-debt crisis_
