### [2015-11-27](/news/2015/11/27/index.md)

# Pirates attack a Polish-owned cargo ship off the coast of Nigeria, kidnapping its captain and four crew. Polish Foreign Minister, Witold Waszczykowski, said the as yet unidentified kidnappers have made no demands so far and Poland was currently liaising with Nigerian authorities. 

Pirates attacked a Polish-owned cargo vessel off the Nigerian coast and kidnapped its captain and four crew, Polish authorities said, in the first documented incident of its kind in almost year in some of the deadliest shipping lanes on earth.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/11/27/us-poland-nigeria-pirates-idUSKBN0TG13O20151127)
1. [Cover Image](http://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png)

### Related:

1. [Polish Foreign Minister Witold Waszczykowski, during a visit to Slovakia for talks on the future of NATO, says Russia is more dangerous than the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). "By all evidence, Russia's activity is a sort of existential threat because this activity can destroy countries," Waszczykowski told reporters in Bratislava. He described ISIL as a very serious threat but said "it is not an existential threat for Europe". ](/news/2016/04/15/polish-foreign-minister-witold-waszczykowski-during-a-visit-to-slovakia-for-talks-on-the-future-of-nato-says-russia-is-more-dangerous-than.md) _Context: Polish Foreign Minister, Witold Waszczykowski_
2. [ The International Maritime Bureau says that deaths due to piracy doubled in the first month of 2004 compared with the same period in 2003, to 30 people. Half of the killings were in Nigerian waters. Despite the increased violence, the total number of piracy attacks fell. In the economically critical Straits of Malacca however, attacks rose by a third. ](/news/2004/07/26/the-international-maritime-bureau-says-that-deaths-due-to-piracy-doubled-in-the-first-month-of-2004-compared-with-the-same-period-in-2003.md) _Context: Nigeria, pirate_
3. [Gunmen attack the Ogba Zoo in Benin City, Nigeria, killing three police officers and abduct the zoo's director. There is no information on who the gunmen and abductors are, or whether they have made any demands. ](/news/2017/09/25/gunmen-attack-the-ogba-zoo-in-benin-city-nigeria-killing-three-police-officers-and-abduct-the-zoo-s-director-there-is-no-information-on-w.md) _Context: Nigeria_
4. [Gunmen kill 11 worshipers in St Phillip's Catholic Church in the town of Ozubulu in Nigeria's Anambra State. ](/news/2017/08/6/gunmen-kill-11-worshipers-in-st-phillip-s-catholic-church-in-the-town-of-ozubulu-in-nigeria-s-anambra-state.md) _Context: Nigeria_
5. [Three suicide bombers kill 27 people and wound 83 near Maiduguri, Nigeria. ](/news/2017/08/15/three-suicide-bombers-kill-27-people-and-wound-83-near-maiduguri-nigeria.md) _Context: Nigeria_
6. [The world's oldest man, Polish-Israeli Yisrael Kristal, who was also recognized as the oldest living Holocaust survivor, dies at age 113 years, 330 days, in Haifa, Israel. ](/news/2017/08/11/the-world-s-oldest-man-polishaisraeli-yisrael-kristal-who-was-also-recognized-as-the-oldest-living-holocaust-survivor-dies-at-age-113-y.md) _Context: Polish_
7. [In a meeting held in the city of Krakow, Poland, UNESCO decides not to include Machu Picchu on its list of endangered heritage sites due to the steps taken by Peruvian authorities to address concerns about the condition of the Inca citadel. ](/news/2017/07/6/in-a-meeting-held-in-the-city-of-kraka3w-poland-unesco-decides-not-to-include-machu-picchu-on-its-list-of-endangered-heritage-sites-due-to.md) _Context: Polish_
8. [Boko Haram insurgents ambush an oil exploration team in the Magumeri area of Borno State, Nigeria, killing at least 69 people. ](/news/2017/07/30/boko-haram-insurgents-ambush-an-oil-exploration-team-in-the-magumeri-area-of-borno-state-nigeria-killing-at-least-69-people.md) _Context: Nigeria_
9. [The European Union's executive branch sends a formal notice to Poland expressing their concern that the new "discretionary" powers given to the country's justice minister threaten the independence of the courts in violation of EU laws. Poland has a month to respond. ](/news/2017/07/29/the-european-union-s-executive-branch-sends-a-formal-notice-to-poland-expressing-their-concern-that-the-new-discretionary-powers-given-to.md) _Context: Polish_
10. [Poles march against a bill that critics say might decrease judicial independence in Poland. Hungary has supported the bill while the European Union has opposed it. The protesters hope that the President Andrzej Duda would intervene against the proposed law. ](/news/2017/07/22/poles-march-against-a-bill-that-critics-say-might-decrease-judicial-independence-in-poland-hungary-has-supported-the-bill-while-the-europea.md) _Context: Polish_
