### [2006-10-13](/news/2006/10/13/index.md)

#  Ban Ki-Moon is elected to be the eighth Secretary-General of the United Nations, to succeed Kofi Annan in January 2007. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/6049890.stm)

### Related:

1. [ South Korean Ban Ki-moon is nominated to succeed Kofi Annan as the United Nations Secretary-General in an affirmation vote by the Security Council. A confirmation vote by the General Assembly is expected within the next fortnight. ](/news/2006/10/9/south-korean-ban-ki-moon-is-nominated-to-succeed-kofi-annan-as-the-united-nations-secretary-general-in-an-affirmation-vote-by-the-security.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Kofi Annan, United Nations, United Nations Secretary-General_
2. [ United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon meets with African leaders to discuss resolutions to the ongoing Kivu conflict in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. ](/news/2008/11/8/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-meets-with-african-leaders-to-discuss-resolutions-to-the-ongoing-kivu-conflict-in-the-democrat.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, United Nations, United Nations Secretary-General_
3. [ United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says he is "immensely frustrated" at the State Peace and Development Council's slow response to the cyclone. ](/news/2008/05/12/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-says-he-is-immensely-frustrated-at-the-state-peace-and-development-council-s-slow-response-t.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, United Nations, United Nations Secretary-General_
4. [ United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon holds talks with Lebanese political leaders, trying to break an impasse over the election of the next President. ](/news/2007/11/16/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-holds-talks-with-lebanese-political-leaders-trying-to-break-an-impasse-over-the-election-of-t.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, United Nations, United Nations Secretary-General_
5. [ U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan appoints former Mozambican President Joaquim Chissano as the new United Nations-envoy to negotiations between the Government of Uganda and the Lord's Resistance Army, a rebel paramilitary group. ](/news/2006/12/5/u-n-secretary-general-kofi-annan-appoints-former-mozambican-president-joaquim-chissano-as-the-new-united-nations-envoy-to-negotiations-bet.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations, United Nations Secretary-General_
6. [ Somali Civil War: UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan warns Somalia's neighbours to stay out, as UN experts paint an alarming picture of foreign and extremist intervention in a nation on the brink of all-out war that could engulf the Horn of Africa. ](/news/2006/11/19/somali-civil-war-un-secretary-general-kofi-annan-warns-somalia-s-neighbours-to-stay-out-as-un-experts-paint-an-alarming-picture-of-foreig.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations, United Nations Secretary-General_
7. [ Darfur conflict: United Nations secretary general Kofi Annan warns that the security situation in Darfur is deteriorating. ](/news/2005/01/10/darfur-conflict-united-nations-secretary-general-kofi-annan-warns-that-the-security-situation-in-darfur-is-deteriorating.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations, United Nations Secretary-General_
8. [Occupation of Iraq:. The Iraq Interim Governing Council announces the creation of a war crimes tribunal, to prosecute crimes against humanity committed under the Ba'ath Party rgime (14 July 1968 to 1 May 2003). [http://www.ajc.com/news/content/news/ap/ap_story.html/Intl/AP.V9823.AP-Iraq.html] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3306605.stm]. The European Commission announces it will investigate whether exclusion of Iraq war opponents from industrial contracts to rebuild the country constitutes a violation of WTO rules by the U.S. [http://www.reuters.co.uk/newsPackageArticle.jhtml;jsessionid=GGH0V1F5OSAHOCRBAE0CFFA?type=worldNews&storyID=419989&section=news] UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan condemns the "divisive" exclusion. [http://sify.com/news/international/fullstory.php?id=13331865]. The People's Republic of China urges Japan not to send Japan Self-Defense Forces to Iraq.[http://famulus.msnbc.com/FamulusIntl/reuters12-10-182227.asp]](/news/2003/12/10/occupation-of-iraq-the-iraq-interim-governing-council-announces-the-creation-of-a-war-crimes-tribunal-to-prosecute-crimes-against-humanit.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations, United Nations Secretary-General_
9. [United Nations Secretary-General selection, 2016. Portugal's Antonio Guterres begins his term as United Nations Secretary-General, replacing South Korea's Ban Ki-moon. ](/news/2017/01/1/united-nations-secretary-general-selection-2016-portugal-s-anta3nio-guterres-begins-his-term-as-united-nations-secretary-general-replacin.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, United Nations Secretary-General_
10. [South Korean presidential election, 2017. United Nations secretary-general Ban Ki-moon and liberal candidate Moon Jae-in plan to contest the position vacated by Park Geun-hye. ](/news/2016/12/22/south-korean-presidential-election-2017-united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-and-liberal-candidate-moon-jae-in-plan-to-contest-the.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, United Nations_
