### [2006-10-13](/news/2006/10/13/index.md)

#  The US government has rebuffed UK calls to close its controversial detention centre at Guantnamo Bay in Cuba. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/6046684.stm)

### Related:

1. [NSA documents show the US and UK spied on Israeli military drones and fighter jets. ](/news/2016/01/30/nsa-documents-show-the-us-and-uk-spied-on-israeli-military-drones-and-fighter-jets.md) _Context: UK, US$_
2. [ A CH-47 Chinook helicopter on a NATO mission in Helmand Province, southern Afghanistan, is shot down killing all seven service personnel (5 American, 1 Canadian and 1 British) aboard. Taliban fighters claim responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2007/05/30/a-ch-47-chinook-helicopter-on-a-nato-mission-in-helmand-province-southern-afghanistan-is-shot-down-killing-all-seven-service-personnel-5.md) _Context: UK, US$_
3. [ A report by the United States Federal Bureau of Investigation reveals that twenty-six of their employees witnessed abuse at the Guantnamo Bay detainment camp in Cuba. ](/news/2007/01/2/a-report-by-the-united-states-federal-bureau-of-investigation-reveals-that-twenty-six-of-their-employees-witnessed-abuse-at-the-guantanamo.md) _Context: Cuba, Guantnamo Bay detainment camp_
4. [ The United Nations Committee Against Torture tells the United States it should close any secret prisons abroad and the Guantnamo Bay facility in Cuba, saying they violate international law. It also calls for the US not to use interrogation techniques that amount to torture and to stop the practice of "extraordinary renditions". ](/news/2006/05/19/the-united-nations-committee-against-torture-tells-the-united-states-it-should-close-any-secret-prisons-abroad-and-the-guantanamo-bay-facil.md) _Context: Cuba, Guantnamo Bay detainment camp_
5. [ A riot takes place at the United States prison camp at Guantnamo Bay in Cuba after several inmates attempted suicide. ](/news/2006/05/19/a-riot-takes-place-at-the-united-states-prison-camp-at-guantanamo-bay-in-cuba-after-several-inmates-attempted-suicide.md) _Context: Cuba, Guantnamo Bay detainment camp_
6. [ The United States releases a list of 759 former and current inmates of the Guantnamo Bay prison camp in Cuba after a Freedom of Information Act action was filed by the Associated Press. ](/news/2006/05/16/the-united-states-releases-a-list-of-759-former-and-current-inmates-of-the-guantanamo-bay-prison-camp-in-cuba-after-a-freedom-of-informatio.md) _Context: Cuba, Guantnamo Bay detainment camp_
7. [ Guantnamo Bay Qur'an desecration allegations: United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice promises "prompt action" if investigations prove that the Quran was desecrated by U.S. soldiers in Guantnamo Bay, Cuba. The Saudi Arabian government voices its "deep indignation" and has demanded a quick investigation and punishment for the perpetrators if found to be true. Seven people have died in Afghanistan following Anti-American protests in the wake of the allegations. There have also been protests in Pakistan and Indonesia. ](/news/2005/05/13/guantanamo-bay-qur-an-desecration-allegations-united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-promises-prompt-action-if-investigations.md) _Context: Cuba, Guantnamo Bay detainment camp_
8. [ Four British prisoners who had been arrested on their return from Guantanamo Bay are released without charge. A fifth was not arrested on arrival. A further four remain in the Cuban camp. British newspapers vie for the rights to their stories, with offers in the range of GBP300,000. Compensation lawsuits from the returned five are expected against the US and UK governments. ](/news/2004/03/11/four-british-prisoners-who-had-been-arrested-on-their-return-from-guantanamo-bay-are-released-without-charge-a-fifth-was-not-arrested-on-a.md) _Context: Cuba, Guantnamo Bay detainment camp_
9. [ One Dane and five of the nine Britons held without trial as terror suspects at Guantanamo Bay are to be released, probably within the next two weeks, according to British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw. The soon-to-be-released captives have been amongst the 660 detainees at the US base in Cuba, held for the past two years as suspected Al-Qaida or Taliban 'combatants'. ](/news/2004/02/19/one-dane-and-five-of-the-nine-britons-held-without-trial-as-terror-suspects-at-guantanamo-bay-are-to-be-released-probably-within-the-next.md) _Context: Cuba, Guantnamo Bay detainment camp_
10. [Hurricane Irma makes landfall in Cuba. The death toll across the Caribbean is at least 25 people, ](/news/2017/09/9/hurricane-irma-makes-landfall-in-cuba-the-death-toll-across-the-caribbean-is-at-least-25-people.md) _Context: Cuba_
