### [2007-07-15](/news/2007/07/15/index.md)

#  Australia extradites Antun Gudelj to Croatia for the 1991 murder of Josip Reihl-Kir, the police chief of Osijek and two associates - this event fueled tensions during the Croatian War of Independence. 

Australia has extradited to Croatia a man convicted for the murder of a senior police officer, an event that helped fuel the 1991-1995 Serbo-Croatian war, a local television station reported.


### Source:

1. [AFP via ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2007/07/16/1979155.htm)

### Related:

1. [The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, in a majority vote, ordered an "indefinite" halt in the war crimes trial of Croatian Serb rebel leader Goran Hadzic, who is terminally ill with brain cancer and declared "unfit to stand trial." Hadzic was charged with 14 war crimes and crimes against humanity for his role in the 1991-95 war in Croatia. ](/news/2016/04/6/the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-in-a-majority-vote-ordered-an-indefinite-halt-in-the-war-crimes-trial-of-c.md) _Context: 1991-95 war, Croatia_
2. [Serbia arrests Goran Hadzic, a Croatian Serb wartime leader, indicted for alleged crimes against humanity during the Croatian War of Independence. ](/news/2011/07/20/serbia-arrests-goran-hada3-4ia-a-croatian-serb-wartime-leader-indicted-for-alleged-crimes-against-humanity-during-the-croatian-war-of-indep.md) _Context: 1991-95 war, Croatia_
3. [2011 Croatian protests:Tens of thousands of protesters meet in the Croatian capital Zagreb's Ban Jelacic Square to express their support for indicted Croatian War of Independence veterans and ask Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor's government to resign. ](/news/2011/02/26/2011-croatian-protests-ptens-of-thousands-of-protesters-meet-in-the-croatian-capital-zagreb-s-ban-jelaaia-square-to-express-their-support.md) _Context: 1991-95 war, Croatia_
4. [Australia agrees to pay AUS$70 million in compensation to 1,905 people who have been detained on Manus Island since 2012, so avoiding a public trial against the government and the Transfield and G4S private companies for the detainees' degrading and cruel treatment. ](/news/2017/06/14/australia-agrees-to-pay-aus-70-million-in-compensation-to-1-905-people-who-have-been-detained-on-manus-island-since-2012-so-avoiding-a-publ.md) _Context: Australia_
5. [Rare specimens of daisies from the 1850s originally held in the National Museum of Natural History in Paris were reportedly destroyed by Australia in March allegedly due to incomplete paperwork. ](/news/2017/05/8/rare-specimens-of-daisies-from-the-1850s-originally-held-in-the-national-museum-of-natural-history-in-paris-were-reportedly-destroyed-by-aus.md) _Context: Australia_
6. [The United Kingdom government agrees to sell the UK Green Investment Bank to a group led chiefly by Australian financial firm Macquarie Group for $3 billion, in a deal criticized as not securing the future of the bank. ](/news/2017/04/20/the-united-kingdom-government-agrees-to-sell-the-uk-green-investment-bank-to-a-group-led-chiefly-by-australian-financial-firm-macquarie-grou.md) _Context: Australia_
7. [Australia adds stricter requirements to its citizenship application process, including harder tests on English language skills and the requirement that a migrant be able to demonstrate "Australian values". ](/news/2017/04/20/australia-adds-stricter-requirements-to-its-citizenship-application-process-including-harder-tests-on-english-language-skills-and-the-requi.md) _Context: Australia_
8. [The death toll from Cyclone Debbie and the associated flooding in the Australian states of New South Wales and Queensland rises to five people. ](/news/2017/04/2/the-death-toll-from-cyclone-debbie-and-the-associated-flooding-in-the-australian-states-of-new-south-wales-and-queensland-rises-to-five-peop.md) _Context: Australia_
9. [ United States Vice President Mike Pence visits Alaska, where he meets with Governor Bill Walker and discusses stationing F-35 squadrons in the state. Pence is beginning a 10-day trip to South Korea, Australia, Indonesia and Japan. ](/news/2017/04/15/united-states-vice-president-mike-pence-visits-alaska-where-he-meets-with-governor-bill-walker-and-discusses-stationing-f-35-squadrons-in.md) _Context: Australia_
10. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: Croatia_
