### [2007-07-15](/news/2007/07/15/index.md)

#  Two doctors arrested at the Royal Alexandra Hospital, Paisley, Scotland in connection with 2007 Glasgow International Airport attack were released without any charges. 




### Related:

1. [ Police conduct a controlled explosion of a suspicious car in a carpark of the Royal Alexandra Hospital in Paisley, where two suspects in the 2007 Glasgow International Airport attack are being held. ](/news/2007/07/1/police-conduct-a-controlled-explosion-of-a-suspicious-car-in-a-carpark-of-the-royal-alexandra-hospital-in-paisley-where-two-suspects-in-th.md) _Context: 2007 attack, Paisley, Royal Alexandra Hospital_
2. [ Europe's first death from H1N1 is reported in Paisley, Scotland. ](/news/2009/06/14/europe-s-first-death-from-h1n1-is-reported-in-paisley-scotland.md) _Context: Paisley_
3. [ Bilal Abdullah is convicted for his roles in the 2007 attack on Glasgow International Airport and an attempted bombing of London's West End. ](/news/2008/12/16/bilal-abdullah-is-convicted-for-his-roles-in-the-2007-attack-on-glasgow-international-airport-and-an-attempted-bombing-of-london-s-west-end.md) _Context: 2007 attack_
4. [ Kafeel Ahmed, who was one of the instigators of the 2007 Glasgow International Airport attack, dies in the Glasgow Royal Infirmary of the injuries he sustained in the attack. ](/news/2007/08/2/kafeel-ahmed-who-was-one-of-the-instigators-of-the-2007-glasgow-international-airport-attack-dies-in-the-glasgow-royal-infirmary-of-the-i.md) _Context: 2007 attack_
5. [ A woman dies and two people are seriously ill from ''E. coli'' in the Paisley area of Scotland. The Morrisons supermarket chain withdraws cold sliced meats from two of its stores in Paisley. ](/news/2007/08/14/a-woman-dies-and-two-people-are-seriously-ill-from-e-coli-in-the-paisley-area-of-scotland-the-morrisons-supermarket-chain-withdraws-c.md) _Context: Paisley_
6. [ Australian authorities increase security as the interrogation of Dr. Mohamed Haneef over his possible involvement in the 2007 Glasgow International Airport attack and the 2007 London car bombs incidents continues. The Australian Federal Police conducts raids on two hospitals in Perth, Western Australia. ](/news/2007/07/6/australian-authorities-increase-security-as-the-interrogation-of-dr-mohamed-haneef-over-his-possible-involvement-in-the-2007-glasgow-inter.md) _Context: 2007 attack_
7. [ Investigators find a suicide note from the two men accused of involvement in the 2007 Glasgow International Airport attack. ](/news/2007/07/4/investigators-find-a-suicide-note-from-the-two-men-accused-of-involvement-in-the-2007-glasgow-international-airport-attack.md) _Context: 2007 attack_
8. [ British detectives continue the hunt for suspects in the 2007 Glasgow International Airport attack and the 2007 London car bombs plot. Two doctors are among the seven people currently in custody in the UK in connection with the attacks with another person held in Brisbane, Queensland. ](/news/2007/07/2/british-detectives-continue-the-hunt-for-suspects-in-the-2007-glasgow-international-airport-attack-and-the-2007-london-car-bombs-plot-two.md) _Context: 2007 attack_
9. [ Dr Mohamed Haneef is granted bail by a Queensland magistrate on charges of supporting a terrorist organisation in relation to the 2007 Glasgow International Airport attack and the 2007 London car bombs. The Australian government later revokes his visa. ](/news/2007/07/16/dr-mohamed-haneef-is-granted-bail-by-a-queensland-magistrate-on-charges-of-supporting-a-terrorist-organisation-in-relation-to-the-2007-glas.md) _Context: 2007 attack_
10. [ The Australian Federal Police charge Dr. Mohamed Haneef with "providing support to a terrorist organization" in relation to the 2007 Glasgow International Airport attack and the 2007 London car bombs. ](/news/2007/07/14/the-australian-federal-police-charge-dr-mohamed-haneef-with-providing-support-to-a-terrorist-organization-in-relation-to-the-2007-glasgo.md) _Context: 2007 attack_
