### [2011-01-1](/news/2011/01/1/index.md)

# Bonaire, Saba and Sint Eustatius adopt the United States dollar as the sole legal currency, reducing the use of the Netherlands Antillean guilder to Curaao and Sint Maarten. 




### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2011-01-01/dutch-caribbean-islands-embrace-dollar-in-new-year.html)

### Related:

1. [ The governments of the Netherlands and the Netherlands Antilles sign an agreement in The Hague, disbanding the Netherlands Antilles on July 1, 2007. The islands of Curaao and Sint Maarten become autonomous associated states within the Kingdom of the Netherlands, while Bonaire, Saba and Sint Eustatius become Dutch municipalities. ](/news/2006/11/2/the-governments-of-the-netherlands-and-the-netherlands-antilles-sign-an-agreement-in-the-hague-disbanding-the-netherlands-antilles-on-july.md) _Context: Bonaire, Curaçao, Saba, Sint Eustatius, Sint Maarten_
2. [ The Netherlands Antilles agrees to disband on October 10, 2010. Bonaire, St. Eustatius and Saba will become Dutch municipalities within the Netherlands, whereas Curaao and Sint Maarten will become self-governing countries within the Kingdom of the Netherlands. ](/news/2009/10/1/the-netherlands-antilles-agrees-to-disband-on-october-10-2010-bonaire-st-eustatius-and-saba-will-become-dutch-municipalities-within-the.md) _Context: Bonaire, Curaçao, Saba, Sint Maarten_
3. [Dissolution of the Netherlands Antilles:Bonaire, Saba and Sint Eustatius become special municipalities of the Netherlands. ](/news/2010/10/10/dissolution-of-the-netherlands-antilles-pbonaire-saba-and-sint-eustatius-become-special-municipalities-of-the-netherlands.md) _Context: Bonaire, Saba, Sint Eustatius_
4. [In an interview, U.S. President Donald Trump says the U.S. dollar is "getting too strong" and wants to keep interest rates low, causing the U.S. Dollar Index to fall. ](/news/2017/04/12/in-an-interview-u-s-president-donald-trump-says-the-u-s-dollar-is-getting-too-strong-and-wants-to-keep-interest-rates-low-causing-the.md) _Context: U.S. dollar_
5. [South Korea announces it will be raising its US$217,000 cash reward for classified information from North Korea by defectors to $860,000. ](/news/2017/03/5/south-korea-announces-it-will-be-raising-its-us-217-000-cash-reward-for-classified-information-from-north-korea-by-defectors-to-860-000.md) _Context: U.S. dollar_
6. [An Austrian court grants a United States request to extradite Ukrainian businessman Dmytro Firtash. U.S. officials accuse Firtash of being involved in a scandal where he allegedly paid US$18.5 million in bribes for a permit to mine titanium in India, something Firtash denies. ](/news/2017/02/21/an-austrian-court-grants-a-united-states-request-to-extradite-ukrainian-businessman-dmytro-firtash-u-s-officials-accuse-firtash-of-being-i.md) _Context: U.S. dollar_
7. [Kraft Heinz drops its bid to buy Unilever for US$143 billion. Unilever rejected the idea last Friday but Kraft Heinz still expressed interest in finding an agreement. ](/news/2017/02/19/kraft-heinz-drops-its-bid-to-buy-unilever-for-us-143-billion-unilever-rejected-the-idea-last-friday-but-kraft-heinz-still-expressed-interes.md) _Context: U.S. dollar_
8. [British-Dutch consumer goods company Unilever rejects a US$143 billion takeover from Kraft Heinz, saying the deal had no financial or strategic merit. Nevertheless, Kraft is still interested in finding agreement; it has until March 17 to make a final bid under UK takeover rules. ](/news/2017/02/17/british-dutch-consumer-goods-company-unilever-rejects-a-us-143-billion-takeover-from-kraft-heinz-saying-the-deal-had-no-financial-or-strate.md) _Context: U.S. dollar_
9. [A judge in Peru issues an arrest warrant for former President Alejandro Toledo for allegedly receiving US$20 million in bribes from Odebrecht, a Brazilian construction company, in exchange for a contract deal to build a transoceanic highway between Brazil and the Peruvian coast. Toledo denies any wrongdoing. ](/news/2017/02/10/a-judge-in-peru-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-former-president-alejandro-toledo-for-allegedly-receiving-us-20-million-in-bribes-from-odebrech.md) _Context: U.S. dollar_
10. [An Italian court orders former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi to stand trial on April 4 on charges of allegedly bribing witnesses with EUR10 million (US$11 million) in order to silence them over accusations he paid for sex with young women. ](/news/2017/01/28/an-italian-court-orders-former-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-to-stand-trial-on-april-4-on-charges-of-allegedly-bribing-witnesses-with-a.md) _Context: U.S. dollar_
