### [2011-01-1](/news/2011/01/1/index.md)

# Canada's Foreign Minister, Lawrence Cannon, urges Iran to improve the country's human rights record and denounces Iran for imposing "draconian death sentences and unfair jail terms," while expressing particular concern  for the fate of two Canadians of dual nationality imprisoned in Iran. 




### Source:

1. [AFP](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5hg6LajnBbTwW85xEd5V0h6h56rog?docId=CNG.99e856a0fb5a9fea7bf35be7ef15b71d.a21)
2. [Edmonton Journal](http://www.edmontonjournal.com/news/Canada+calls+Iran+over+human+rights+abuses/4048844/story.html)

### Related:

1. [Canada-Iran relations:Canada closes its embassy in Iran and orders all Iranian diplomatic staff out of Canada, citing Iran's support for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, Iran's "among the worst" human rights record, its lack of respect for the Vienna conventions, its nuclear program and the security of Canadian diplomatic personnel. It sees Iran as the world's "most significant threat to global peace and security." Minister of foreign affairs Baird says the Canadian government files Iran as a "state sponsor of terrorism" under the Canadian ](/news/2012/09/7/canadaairan-relations-pcanada-closes-its-embassy-in-iran-and-orders-all-iranian-diplomatic-staff-out-of-canada-citing-iran-s-support-for.md) _Context: Iran, Iranian human rights, Minister of Foreign Affairs_
2. [The UN General Assembly's human rights committee criticizes Iran for human rights abuses; Iranian diplomat Mohammad-Javad Larijani calls the UN censure a "politicization" of human rights. ](/news/2010/11/19/the-un-general-assembly-s-human-rights-committee-criticizes-iran-for-human-rights-abuses-iranian-diplomat-mohammad-javad-larijani-calls-the.md) _Context: Iran, Iranian human rights_
3. [Iran arrests five human rights lawyers for security-related offences, the latest in a series of arrests of Iranian human rights' activists since last year's disputed presidential election. ](/news/2010/11/15/iran-arrests-five-human-rights-lawyers-for-security-related-offences-the-latest-in-a-series-of-arrests-of-iranian-human-rights-activists-s.md) _Context: Iran, Iranian human rights_
4. [After Iran's selection to the Commission on the Status of Women, a United Nations panel on women's rights, Canada cites "serious concerns" about Iran's participation in the panel and Iran's human-rights record.  ](/news/2010/05/2/after-iranas-selection-to-the-commission-on-the-status-of-women-a-united-nations-panel-on-womenas-rights-canada-cites-aserious-conce.md) _Context: Iran, Iranian human rights_
5. [Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and  North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea-both-chambers-of-the-u.md) _Context: Iran_
6. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Iran_
7. [A temperature of 53.7degC (128.7degF) is recorded during the 2017 heat wave in Ahvaz, Khuzestan Province, breaking Iran's previous record and becoming one of the highest temperatures ever recorded on Earth. ](/news/2017/06/30/a-temperature-of-53-7adegc-128-7adegf-is-recorded-during-the-2017-heat-wave-in-ahvaz-khuzestan-province-breaking-iran-s-previous-record-and.md) _Context: Iran_
8. [Iran fires medium range ballistic missiles from western Iran to ISIL targets in Deir ez-Zor Governorate, eastern Syria, in retaliation for the June 7 Tehran attacks. ](/news/2017/06/18/iran-fires-medium-range-ballistic-missiles-from-western-iran-to-isil-targets-in-deir-ez-zor-governorate-eastern-syria-in-retaliation-for-t.md) _Context: Iran_
9. [The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping-up-sanctions-against-russia-and-against-iran-language-in-the-mea.md) _Context: Iran_
10. [Iran sends five 90-tonne air cargo payloads of perishable food to Qatar. More shipments by air and sea are underway. ](/news/2017/06/11/iran-sends-five-90-tonne-air-cargo-payloads-of-perishable-food-to-qatar-more-shipments-by-air-and-sea-are-underway.md) _Context: Iran_
