### [2004-08-10](/news/2004/08/10/index.md)

#  The U.S. deals a major blow to German prosecutors at the re-trial of Moroccan Mounir al-Motassadek, one of the only 9/11 suspects to face justice to date, by refusing to allow an alleged al-Qaeda member to testify via videolink, citing security concerns and the need to protect secret information. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/3550560.stm)

### Related:

1. [ The United States files charges against six alleged al-Qaeda operatives including Khalid Sheikh Mohammed in connection with the September 11, 2001 attacks, seeking the death penalty for war crimes and murder. ](/news/2008/02/11/the-united-states-files-charges-against-six-alleged-al-qaeda-operatives-including-khalid-sheikh-mohammed-in-connection-with-the-september-1.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 attacks, al-Qaeda_
2. [ An Islamist website claims it will soon carry a new video of al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden to mark the sixth anniversary of the September 11, 2001 attacks on U.S. cities. ](/news/2007/09/6/an-islamist-website-claims-it-will-soon-carry-a-new-video-of-al-qaeda-leader-osama-bin-laden-to-mark-the-sixth-anniversary-of-the-september.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 attacks, al-Qaeda_
3. [ A lengthy statement from al-Qaeda's second in command, Ayman al-Zawahiri, on the eve of the fifth anniversary of the September 11, 2001 attacks calls on Muslims to step up their resistance against the United States. ](/news/2006/09/10/a-lengthy-statement-from-al-qaeda-s-second-in-command-ayman-al-zawahiri-on-the-eve-of-the-fifth-anniversary-of-the-september-11-2001-att.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 attacks, al-Qaeda_
4. [ A voice purporting to be that of Al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden says on an audiotape that Zacarias Moussaoui had no link to the September 11, 2001 attacks. ](/news/2006/05/23/a-voice-purporting-to-be-that-of-al-qaeda-leader-osama-bin-laden-says-on-an-audiotape-that-zacarias-moussaoui-had-no-link-to-the-september.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 attacks, al-Qaeda_
5. [ Imad Yarkas is convicted in Spain of conspiracy with al-Qaeda in the September 11, 2001 attacks and sentenced to 27 years. Driss Chebli, was convicted of collaborating with a terrorist group and sentenced to six years, Al Jazeera journalist Tayseer Allouni was also convicted of collaborating with a terrorist group and sentenced to seven years, while Ghasoub al-Abrash Ghalyoun was acquitted on all counts. [http://news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&u=/ap/20050926/ap_on_re_eu/spain_sept11_trial (AP)] (Link dead as of 21:25, 14 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/09/26/imad-yarkas-is-convicted-in-spain-of-conspiracy-with-al-qaeda-in-the-september-11-2001-attacks-and-sentenced-to-27-years-driss-chebli-wa.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 attacks, al-Qaeda_
6. [ An eleven minute video tape purporting to be from Al Qaeda is delivered to American network ABC in Pakistan and shown on "Good Morning America", warns of future attacks on Los Angeles, California and Melbourne, Australia. Adam Yahiye Gadahn, an American convert to Islam, called the September 11, 2001 attacks "blessed events" and commenting on possible attacks in the future stated, "This time, don't count on us demonstrating restraint and compassion." ](/news/2005/09/11/an-eleven-minute-video-tape-purporting-to-be-from-al-qaeda-is-delivered-to-american-network-abc-in-pakistan-and-shown-on-good-morning-amer.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 attacks, al-Qaeda_
7. [ The Pakistani government announces that it has captured Abu Faraj al-Libbi. If verified, this is the most important Al-Qaeda suspect to have been arrested thus far. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/4512885.stm (BBC)] A former Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) agent reveals the CIA sent a team to Afghanistan only days after the September 11, 2001 attacks with orders to ""Capture Bin Laden, kill him and bring his head back in a box on dry ice"" and to leave other Al-Qaeda leaders' ""heads up on pikes."" [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/4511943.stm (BBC)] (Wikinews)](/news/2005/05/4/the-pakistani-government-announces-that-it-has-captured-abu-faraj-al-libbi-if-verified-this-is-the-most-important-al-qaeda-suspect-to-hav.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 attacks, al-Qaeda_
8. [ September 11, 2001 attacks: A previously unreleased portion of the 9/11 Commission's report details that the Federal Aviation Administration received 52 intelligence reports on potential terrorist attacks by al-Qaeda before September 11, 2001. ](/news/2005/02/10/september-11-2001-attacks-a-previously-unreleased-portion-of-the-9-11-commission-s-report-details-that-the-federal-aviation-administratio.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 attacks, al-Qaeda_
9. [ In the trial of Zacarias Moussaoui, the only person yet tried in the U.S. in relation to the 9/11 attacks, the court refuses to allow Moussaoui to call Camp X-Ray detainees as witnesses, but does allow him to use written evidence from some of the detainees. Prosecutors are seeking the death penalty against Moussaoui, who admits to being a member of al-Qaeda but denies involvement in the 9/11 plot. ](/news/2004/09/14/in-the-trial-of-zacarias-moussaoui-the-only-person-yet-tried-in-the-u-s-in-relation-to-the-9-11-attacks-the-court-refuses-to-allow-mouss.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 attacks, al-Qaeda_
10. [ The US's 9/11 Commission states that although meetings between al Qaeda representatives and Iraqi government officials had taken place, it has found "no credible evidence" of a "collaborative relationship" between Saddam Hussein's Iraq and al Qaeda in the 9/11 attacks or in any other strike against U.S. interests. It also finds that the original plan involved ten jets and that there was dispute within the terrorist network about its implementation until only shortly before September 11. ](/news/2004/06/16/the-us-s-9-11-commission-states-that-although-meetings-between-al-qaeda-representatives-and-iraqi-government-officials-had-taken-place-it.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 attacks, al-Qaeda_
