### [2004-08-10](/news/2004/08/10/index.md)

#  U.S. President George W. Bush announces his intention to have Porter J. Goss confirmed as the new director of the CIA. 




### Source:

1. [WashPost](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/A53253-2004Aug10.html)

### Related:

1. [ Scooter Libby says U.S. President George W. Bush okayed leaks of secret CIA intelligence material. ](/news/2006/04/9/scooter-libby-says-u-s-president-george-w-bush-okayed-leaks-of-secret-cia-intelligence-material.md) _Context: CIA, George W. Bush_
2. [ "Time" correspondent Matthew Cooper reveals that last week he told a grand jury that Karl Rove&mdash;a top White House political adviser to U.S. President George W. Bush&mdash; was the first to reveal Valerie Plame's identity as a CIA agent. ](/news/2005/07/17/time-correspondent-matthew-cooper-reveals-that-last-week-he-told-a-grand-jury-that-karl-rove-mdash-a-top-white-house-political-adviser-to.md) _Context: CIA, George W. Bush_
3. [ In Washington, D.C., Presidential Press Secretary Scott McClellan refused for the second day in a row to respond to reporters' questions about Newsweek's revelation that Karl Rove disclosed the identity of CIA agent Valerie Plame. McClellan had asserted Rove's innocence on many occasions in the past. The President, at a photo-op today, ignored reporters who asked if his pledge to fire any staffer involved was still operative. ](/news/2005/07/12/in-washington-d-c-presidential-press-secretary-scott-mcclellan-refused-for-the-second-day-in-a-row-to-respond-to-reporters-questions-ab.md) _Context: CIA, George W. Bush_
4. [ An audio-tape, purportedly from Saddam Hussein, airs on the Dubai station al-Arabiya. The CIA later informs that it is probably not the voice of Saddam Hussein. At least two loud blasts echo across Baghdad after dark on Sunday night. Top Iraqi scientist Dr. Modher Sadeq-Saba al-Tamimi flees to Iran. After eight months without work, and with no clear plans from the occupying Coalition, the scientist seeks work abroad. Iranian officials deny the claims. In the United Kingdom, Tony Blair faces the "electoral poison" of U.S. President George W. Bush's state visit next week.](/news/2003/11/16/an-audio-tape-purportedly-from-saddam-hussein-airs-on-the-dubai-station-al-arabiya-the-cia-later-informs-that-it-is-probably-not-the-voi.md) _Context: CIA, George W. Bush_
5. [ A top-secret CIA intelligence report warns about growing numbers of Iraqis concluding the coalition can be defeated and supporting the resistance. The CIA report also cautions that more aggressive counterinsurgency tactics will induce other Iraqis to join the resistance. "Slate magazine" notes the new anti-insurgency measures in "postwar Iraq" means the situation is "Iraq War - Phase&nbsp;II." In response to a leaked report, Paul Bremer says that terrorists "are trying to encourage the Iraqi people to believe that the United States is not going to stay the course". The CIA report says that the incipient insurgency is deep rooted, growing rapidly and not confined to ex-Baathists. President Bush and senior advisers meet in Washington to determine how to move forward in Iraq, given the slow progress of the Iraqi Governing Council and the deteriorating political situation as outlined in the CIA report. Thirty-one people, mostly members of Italian security forces, are killed in a mid-morning truck bombing in Nasiriya. Italian opposition politicians call for a pullout from Iraq.](/news/2003/11/12/a-top-secret-cia-intelligence-report-warns-about-growing-numbers-of-iraqis-concluding-the-coalition-can-be-defeated-and-supporting-the-resi.md) _Context: CIA, George W. Bush_
6. [ WMD: An early draft of an interim report by the inspectors for banned weapons in Iraq says his team has not found any of the unconventional weapons cited by President George W. Bush as a principal reason for going to war. CIA stresses report is not final and inspectors are still getting data.](/news/2003/09/25/wmd-an-early-draft-of-an-interim-report-by-the-inspectors-for-banned-weapons-in-iraq-says-his-team-has-not-found-any-of-the-unconventional.md) _Context: CIA, George W. Bush_
7. [ The intelligence service of the United States says that the CIA's head, George Tenet, accepted President George W. Bush's speech in January, which included wrong information of Iraq's plans to buy uranium from Africa. The office of Prime Minister Tony Blair responded that it stands by its belief that Saddam Hussein attempted to buy African uranium, claiming that it cannot share its information with the United States because it comes from "foreign intelligence sources."](/news/2003/07/12/the-intelligence-service-of-the-united-states-says-that-the-cia-s-head-george-tenet-accepted-president-george-w-bush-s-speech-in-january.md) _Context: CIA, George W. Bush_
8. [The CIA has concluded that Russia actively tried to help Donald Trump win the 2016 U.S. presidential election. ](/news/2016/12/9/the-cia-has-concluded-that-russia-actively-tried-to-help-donald-trump-win-the-2016-u-s-presidential-election.md) _Context: CIA_
9. [President-elect Donald Trump names Tom Price as United States Secretary of Health and Human Services; former President George W. Bush Administration official and wife of Mitch McConnell Elaine Chao as United States Secretary of Transportation; ](/news/2016/11/29/president-elect-donald-trump-names-tom-price-as-united-states-secretary-of-health-and-human-services-former-president-george-w-bush-admini.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
10. [In Peshawar, an unknown assailant shoots and kills Pakistani lawyer Samiullah Afridi, who had defended Dr. Shakil Afridi (in regards to assisting CIA agents hunt al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden), with two Pakistan militant groups, Jundullah and Jamaatul Ahrar, both claiming responsibility. ](/news/2015/03/17/in-peshawar-an-unknown-assailant-shoots-and-kills-pakistani-lawyer-samiullah-afridi-who-had-defended-dr-shakil-afridi-in-regards-to-assi.md) _Context: CIA_
