### [2011-04-26](/news/2011/04/26/index.md)

# Germany's plagiarism scandal widens, engulfing the European Parliament's vice president Silvana Koch-Mehrin accused of plagiarizing 25 per cent of her doctoral thesis; she refuses to comment. 

The European Parliament’s vice president has become the latest among a growing number of high profile German politicians to face allegations that they plagiarised large amounts of other people’s academic work in order to obtain a university doctorate.


### Source:

1. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/german-plagiarism-scandal-widens-2274809.html)

### Related:

1. [Silvana Koch-Mehrin, Vice President of the European Parliament, resigns amid claims that she plagiarised her doctoral thesis. ](/news/2011/05/11/silvana-koch-mehrin-vice-president-of-the-european-parliament-resigns-amid-claims-that-she-plagiarised-her-doctoral-thesis.md) _Context: European Parliament, Silvana Koch-Mehrin_
2. [2017 G20 Hamburg summit. Leaders from the Group of Twenty come together at the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, including United States President Donald Trump who is set to meet with President of Russia Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2017/07/7/2017-g20-hamburg-summit-leaders-from-the-group-of-twenty-come-together-at-the-g20-summit-in-hamburg-germany-including-united-states-presi.md) _Context: Germany_
3. [Konstanz shooting. A man shoots several people in a nightclub in Konstanz, Germany, killing one. The gunman was shot and killed by police. ](/news/2017/07/30/konstanz-shooting-a-man-shoots-several-people-in-a-nightclub-in-konstanz-germany-killing-one-the-gunman-was-shot-and-killed-by-police.md) _Context: Germany_
4. [Eighteen people are dead after a bus collides with a truck in the German state of Bavaria. ](/news/2017/07/3/eighteen-people-are-dead-after-a-bus-collides-with-a-truck-in-the-german-state-of-bavaria.md) _Context: Germany_
5. [Human rights in China. Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/human-rights-in-china-nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-chart.md) _Context: Germany_
6. [Recognition of same-sex unions in Germany. The Bundestag votes to introduce same-sex marriage in Germany. With 393 votes in favor and 226 against, including Chancellor Angela Merkel, the law is expected to enter into force before the end of the year. ](/news/2017/06/30/recognition-of-same-sex-unions-in-germany-the-bundestag-votes-to-introduce-same-sex-marriage-in-germany-with-393-votes-in-favor-and-226-ag.md) _Context: Germany_
7. [Crime in Germany. A shooting occurs at a local train station in the Unterfohring suburb of Munich, Germany. The assailant shot a police officer in the head; she is in critical condition. Backup police engaged in a shootout where the suspect and two bystanders were injured. Police do not believe this is a terrorist attack. ](/news/2017/06/13/crime-in-germany-a-shooting-occurs-at-a-local-train-station-in-the-unterfaphring-suburb-of-munich-germany-the-assailant-shot-a-police-off.md) _Context: Germany_
8. [Around 50,000 people are evacuated from the German city of Hanover while bomb disposal experts defuse three bombs dropped by the Royal Air Force during World War II. ](/news/2017/05/7/around-50-000-people-are-evacuated-from-the-german-city-of-hanover-while-bomb-disposal-experts-defuse-three-bombs-dropped-by-the-royal-air-f.md) _Context: Germany_
9. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). May 2017 Kabul attack. A suicide bombing occurs in Kabul near the German embassy with at least 90 killed and 461 injured. ](/news/2017/05/31/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-may-2017-kabul-attack-a-suicide-bombing-occurs-in-kabul-near-the-german-embassy-with-at-least-90-kille.md) _Context: Germany_
10. [Ukraine-European Union relations. Representatives of the European Parliament and European Council sign a document formally granting Ukrainians visa-free travel to the European Union. The visa-free regime is due to enter into force on June 11. ](/news/2017/05/17/ukraine-european-union-relations-representatives-of-the-european-parliament-and-european-council-sign-a-document-formally-granting-ukrain.md) _Context: European Parliament_
