### [2011-04-26](/news/2011/04/26/index.md)

# President of France Nicolas Sarkozy and Prime Minister of Italy Silvio Berlusconi meet to discuss what to do about migrants from North Africa who want to join relatives, with reports that the Schengen Agreement is to be amended so the two can deal with the issue. 

Sarkozy and Berlusconi call on EU to change the Schengen treaty following row over mass immigration from north Africa.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/europe/2011/04/2011426133426296195.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-13189682)

### Related:

1. [ Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi and French President Nicolas Sarkozy agree to cooperate in reviving nuclear power in Italy. ](/news/2009/02/24/italian-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-and-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-agree-to-cooperate-in-reviving-nuclear-power-in-italy.md) _Context: France, Italian Prime Minister, Italy, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France, Silvio Berlusconi_
2. [ Prime Minister of Italy Silvio Berlusconi launches legal action against French weekly "Nouvel Observateur", Spanish newspaper "El Pas", and Italian newspaper "La Repubblica", and has authorized his attorneys to prepare cases against British newspapers, charging the newspapers with libel. ](/news/2009/08/28/prime-minister-of-italy-silvio-berlusconi-launches-legal-action-against-french-weekly-nouvel-observateur-spanish-newspaper-el-pais-an.md) _Context: France, Italian Prime Minister, Italy, Silvio Berlusconi_
3. [An Italian court orders former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi to stand trial on April 4 on charges of allegedly bribing witnesses with EUR10 million (US$11 million) in order to silence them over accusations he paid for sex with young women. ](/news/2017/01/28/an-italian-court-orders-former-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-to-stand-trial-on-april-4-on-charges-of-allegedly-bribing-witnesses-with-a.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister, Italy, Silvio Berlusconi_
4. [Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy resigns as leader of The Republicans party and announces his candidacy for President again. ](/news/2016/07/3/former-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-resigns-as-leader-of-the-republicans-party-and-announces-his-candidacy-for-president-again.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
5. [France's National Assembly votes to adopt a non-binding resolution to lift European Union sanctions against Russia, applied after Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014. Former President Nicolas Sarkozy's Republicans, as well as center-right and far-left groups voted in favor of lifting the sanctions, while the ruling Socialist Party and The Greens voted against the resolution. ](/news/2016/04/28/france-s-national-assembly-votes-to-adopt-a-non-binding-resolution-to-lift-european-union-sanctions-against-russia-applied-after-russia-s-a.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
6. [With most of the votes counted, the opposition conservatives of former president Nicolas Sarkozy's party win in six of the country's 13 regions and lead in the Paris region. The ruling Socialists of President Francois Hollande's party capture five regions. The winner in Corsica is not affiliated with a major party. France's far-right National Front (FN) fails to win a single region but did record its best showing in its history. Voter turnout was 58 percent. Definitive results are expected Monday. ](/news/2015/12/13/with-most-of-the-votes-counted-the-opposition-conservatives-of-former-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-party-win-in-six-of-the-countryas-13-re.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
7. [The President of France Francois Hollande warns that France "will not tolerate" acts that threaten its security following claims by Wikileaks that the United States spied on him and his two predecessors Nicolas Sarkozy and Jacques Chirac between 2006 and 2012. ](/news/2015/06/24/the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-warns-that-france-will-not-tolerate-acts-that-threaten-its-security-following-claims-by-wikilea.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
8. [Voters in France go to the polls for local government elections with initial polling suggesting favorable results for former President Nicolas Sarkozy's UMP. ](/news/2015/03/29/voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-for-local-government-elections-with-initial-polling-suggesting-favorable-results-for-former-president-nicol.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
9. [Italy's top court confirms that former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi will serve a prison sentence for a tax fraud conviction. ](/news/2013/08/1/italy-s-top-court-confirms-that-former-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-will-serve-a-prison-sentence-for-a-tax-fraud-conviction.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister, Italy, Silvio Berlusconi_
10. [An Italian appeals court upholds the conviction of former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi on tax fraud and sentences him to four years in prison. ](/news/2013/05/8/an-italian-appeals-court-upholds-the-conviction-of-former-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-on-tax-fraud-and-sentences-him-to-four-years-in-p.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister, Italy, Silvio Berlusconi_
