### [2011-04-26](/news/2011/04/26/index.md)

# U.S. president Barack Obama is criticised by supporters of imprisoned Welsh-born U.S. serviceman Bradley Manning for interfering in any  future trial after Obama is caught on camera accusing Manning of breaking the law. 

President Barack Obama has unwittingly waded into a military legal tangle by declaring that WikiLeaks suspect Pfc. Bradley Manning &quot;broke the law.&quot;


### Source:

1. [MSNBC](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/42770631/ns/us_news-security/)
2. [AFP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5iASLv67aFb5qNHFoQusuvdtoHekA?docId=CNG.4ca73c977c97b97262beb69ade7fe67f.a1)

### Related:

1. [Daniel Ellsberg, the man who released the Pentagon Papers, says U.S. president Barack Obama has "given a virtual directed verdict" of guilty in the case of imprisoned Welsh-born U.S. serviceman Bradley Manning after Obama is caught on camera accusing Manning of breaking the law. ](/news/2011/04/27/daniel-ellsberg-the-man-who-released-the-pentagon-papers-says-u-s-president-barack-obama-has-given-a-virtual-directed-verdict-of-guilty.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Bradley Manning, Wales_
2. [A supporter of imprisoned Welsh-born U.S. serviceman Bradley Manning sues the U.S. government after it confiscates his laptop without a warrant. ](/news/2011/05/14/a-supporter-of-imprisoned-welsh-born-u-s-serviceman-bradley-manning-sues-the-u-s-government-after-it-confiscates-his-laptop-without-a-warr.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, Wales_
3. [A British government diplomat calls the United States Department of State to draw "attention to our concerns over Bradley Manning", the Welsh-born U.S. serviceman imprisoned by the U.S. military in solitary confinement and forced to sleep naked, conditions condemned by Amnesty International, the American Civil Liberties Union and British MPs among others. ](/news/2011/04/7/a-british-government-diplomat-calls-the-united-states-department-of-state-to-draw-attention-to-our-concerns-over-bradley-manning-the-wels.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, Wales_
4. [Demonstrations against the treatment of Bradley Manning:A protest against the alleged "appalling" treatment by the United States of Bradley Manning occurs in London, with supporters from Wales, where Manning attended school, attending. ](/news/2011/03/20/demonstrations-against-the-treatment-of-bradley-manning-pa-protest-against-the-alleged-appalling-treatment-by-the-united-states-of-bradley.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, Wales_
5. [U.S. President Donald Trump accuses former President Barack Obama of wiretapping Trump Tower the month before the 2016 presidential election but offers no evidence to support his claim. A spokesman for President Obama rejects these claims. ](/news/2017/03/4/u-s-president-donald-trump-accuses-former-president-barack-obama-of-wiretapping-trump-tower-the-month-before-the-2016-presidential-election.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
6. [United States Secretary of State Rex Tillerson says he thinks the longer term status of president Bashar al-Assad is to be "decided by the Syrian people". This appears as a policy shift, since under president Barack Obama's administration, the United States made the departure of Assad a key policy aim. ](/news/2017/03/30/united-states-secretary-of-state-rex-tillerson-says-he-thinks-the-longer-term-status-of-president-bashar-al-assad-is-to-be-decided-by-the-s.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
7. [U.S. President Trump signs an executive order undoing former President Obama's climate change policies. ](/news/2017/03/28/u-s-president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-undoing-former-president-obama-s-climate-change-policies.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
8. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
9. [United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions requests the resignations of 46 Barack Obama-era chief federal prosecutors, including United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York Preet Bharara, who was previously told to stay on by then President-elect Donald Trump in November. ](/news/2017/03/10/united-states-attorney-general-jeff-sessions-requests-the-resignations-of-46-barack-obama-era-chief-federal-prosecutors-including-united-st.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
10. [The Met Office issues travel warnings for parts of Wales, Scotland and England as Storm Doris, described as a "weather bomb", brings gales, heavy rain and snow to the United Kingdom. At least one person is killed. ](/news/2017/02/23/the-met-office-issues-travel-warnings-for-parts-of-wales-scotland-and-england-as-storm-doris-described-as-a-aweather-bomba-brings-gal.md) _Context: Wales_
