### [2010-12-5](/news/2010/12/5/index.md)

# Mayor of London Boris Johnson withdraws his offer to FIFA executives, including Sepp Blatter, of free accommodation in London's exclusive Dorchester Hotel during the 2012 Summer Olympics in the city, as the fallout from the failed England 2018 FIFA World Cup bid continues. 




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-london-11921692)
2. [Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1335787/World-Cup-2018-Boris-kicks-FIFA-chiefs-Dorchester-2012-Olympics.html?ITO=1490)

### Related:

1. [Formation of the The new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Theresa May begins forming her ministry following the end of the Second Cameron ministry. The former Mayor of London Boris Johnson is appointed Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, Philip Hammond is appointed as Chancellor of the Exchequer, Amber Rudd is appointed Home Secretary filling Theresa May's former position, Liam Fox is appointed as Secretary of State for International Trade and David Davis is appointed as minister for the newly created Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union. ](/news/2016/07/13/formation-of-the-the-new-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-theresa-may-begins-forming-her-ministry-following-the-end-of-the-second-camero.md) _Context: Boris Johnson, London Mayor_
2. [FIFA shares results of their investigation with legal authorities showing former president Sepp Blatter and two others gave themselves  nearly $80 million over the past five years via annual raises and World Cup bonuses. ](/news/2016/06/3/fifa-shares-results-of-their-investigation-with-legal-authorities-showing-former-president-sepp-blatter-and-two-others-gave-themselves-near.md) _Context: FIFA, Sepp Blatter_
3. [UEFA President Michel Platini, who had been suspended by the FIFA Ethics Committee last fall, announces his resignation following the Court of Arbitration for Sport decision  that let stand his ban, shortened to four years which corresponds to the duration of his remaining time in office. The court ruled that Platini was guilty of conflict of interest for taking a $2 million payment from FIFA approved by Sepp Blatter in 2011.  ](/news/2016/05/9/uefa-president-michel-platini-who-had-been-suspended-by-the-fifa-ethics-committee-last-fall-announces-his-resignation-following-the-court.md) _Context: FIFA, Sepp Blatter_
4. [London votes Sadiq Khan to succeed Boris Johnson as Mayor of London; Khan is the first Muslim to be elected London's Mayor. ](/news/2016/05/6/london-votes-sadiq-khan-to-succeed-boris-johnson-as-mayor-of-london-khan-is-the-first-muslim-to-be-elected-london-s-mayor.md) _Context: Boris Johnson, London Mayor_
5. [Mayor of London and cabinet member Boris Johnson says that U.S. President Barack Obama is "inconsistent and hypocritical" in persuading the British people to remain in the European Union. ](/news/2016/04/22/mayor-of-london-and-cabinet-member-boris-johnson-says-that-u-s-president-barack-obama-is-inconsistent-and-hypocritical-in-persuading-the.md) _Context: Boris Johnson, London Mayor_
6. [Officials of FIFA meet in Zurich for the 2016 FIFA Extraordinary Congress to select a new President of FIFA to replace Sepp Blatter. Gianni Infantino is elected with a majority of votes in the second round of voting. ](/news/2016/02/26/officials-of-fifa-meet-in-za1-4rich-for-the-2016-fifa-extraordinary-congress-to-select-a-new-president-of-fifa-to-replace-sepp-blatter-gianni.md) _Context: FIFA, Sepp Blatter_
7. [In what is seen as a major boost for the "Vote Leave" campaign, Mayor of London Boris Johnson announces he will be campaigning for the United Kingdom to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/02/21/in-what-is-seen-as-a-major-boost-for-the-vote-leave-campaign-mayor-of-london-boris-johnson-announces-he-will-be-campaigning-for-the-unite.md) _Context: Boris Johnson, London Mayor_
8. [Lawyers for former FIFA chief Sepp Blatter confirm that he will appeal his eight year ban from the organisation. ](/news/2016/01/10/lawyers-for-former-fifa-chief-sepp-blatter-confirm-that-he-will-appeal-his-eight-year-ban-from-the-organisation.md) _Context: FIFA, Sepp Blatter_
9. [Federation Internationale de Football Association ethics committee recommends FIFA President Sepp Blatter be suspended, re: the Swiss attorney general's ongoing criminal investigation. The final decision will be made by Chairman of the Ethics Committee's adjudication chamber, Hans-Joachim Eckert. ](/news/2015/10/7/fa-c-da-c-ration-internationale-de-football-association-ethics-committee-recommends-fifa-president-sepp-blatter-be-suspended-re-the-swiss-atto.md) _Context: FIFA, Sepp Blatter_
10. [Longtime FIFA corporate sponsors -- Coca-Cola Co., McDonald's, Visa Inc., and Budweiser owner Anheuser-Busch InBev -- demand FIFA President Sepp Blatter step down immediately following last week's announcement of his criminal investigation by the Swiss attorney general. Blatter refused. ](/news/2015/10/2/longtime-fifa-corporate-sponsors-coca-cola-co-mcdonald-s-visa-inc-and-budweiser-owner-anheuser-busch-inbev-demand-fifa-president.md) _Context: FIFA, Sepp Blatter_
