### [2010-12-5](/news/2010/12/5/index.md)

# UEFA Champions League debutants Tottenham Hotspur become the first ever club to score more than two goals in all group stage matches. They are also the only competition debutants through to the last 16.




### Related:

1. [Days after his hat-trick broke the Primera Division's 59-year goal-scoring record, Barcelona striker Lionel Messi scores another hat-trick in Nicosia to become the UEFA Champions League all-time top scorer. ](/news/2014/11/25/days-after-his-hat-trick-broke-the-primera-divisia3n-s-59-year-goal-scoring-record-barcelona-striker-lionel-messi-scores-another-hat-trick.md) _Context: UEFA Champions League_
2. [In the 2012-13  Serie A, Milan and Napoli play out an entertaining 1-1 draw at San Siro in a battle for an automatic Champions League spot. ](/news/2013/04/14/in-the-2012a13-serie-a-milan-and-napoli-play-out-an-entertaining-1a1-draw-at-san-siro-in-a-battle-for-an-automatic-champions-league-sp.md) _Context: UEFA Champions League_
3. [Europol announces that a total of 680 football matches are under investigation for match fixing.  Of these, 380 are in Europe, including World Cup and European Championship qualifying matches as well as Champions League matches in England.  ](/news/2013/02/4/europol-announces-that-a-total-of-680-football-matches-are-under-investigation-for-match-fixing-of-these-380-are-in-europe-including-wor.md) _Context: UEFA Champions League_
4. [UEFA announces Olympiastadion in Berlin will host the 2015 UEFA Champions League Final while Milan's San Siro will host the 2016 final. ](/news/2012/12/6/uefa-announces-olympiastadion-in-berlin-will-host-the-2015-uefa-champions-league-final-while-milan-s-san-siro-will-host-the-2016-final.md) _Context: UEFA Champions League_
5. [UEFA announces that Malaga, Hajduk Split, Osijek, Rapid Bucuresti, Dinamo Bucuresti and Partizan are banned from competing in the next UEFA Champions League or UEFA Europa League competition they qualify for after failing to meet financial obligations. ](/news/2012/12/21/uefa-announces-that-ma-laga-hajduk-split-osijek-rapid-bucureeti-dinamo-bucureeti-and-partizan-are-banned-from-competing-in-the-next-ue.md) _Context: UEFA Champions League_
6. [The 2012-13 UEFA Europa League Round of 32 and Round of 16 draw is held in Nyon, Switzerland. Europa League title holders Atletico Madrid will play Rubin Kazan while Champions League title holders Chelsea will face Sparta Prague. ](/news/2012/12/20/the-2012a13-uefa-europa-league-round-of-32-and-round-of-16-draw-is-held-in-nyon-switzerland-europa-league-title-holders-atla-c-tico-madrid.md) _Context: UEFA Champions League_
7. [UEFA President Michel Platini announces that the administrative body is considering scrapping the Europa League in favour of an extended Champions League. A proposal may involve extending the final phase of the Champions League from 32 to 64 teams from 2015, with the final decision to be made in 2014. ](/news/2012/11/27/uefa-president-michel-platini-announces-that-the-administrative-body-is-considering-scrapping-the-europa-league-in-favour-of-an-extended-cha.md) _Context: UEFA Champions League_
8. [Roberto Di Matteo is sacked by Chelsea F.C. after a 2012-13 UEFA Champions League defeat 0-3 to Juventus F.C. left them in danger of becoming the first title holders to exit the competition in the group stage. Di Matteo managed Chelsea to their first ever Champions League title in Munich last May. Rafael Benitez appointed Chelsea interim manager until end of season. ](/news/2012/11/21/roberto-di-matteo-is-sacked-by-chelsea-f-c-after-a-2012a13-uefa-champions-league-defeat-0-3-to-juventus-f-c-left-them-in-danger-of-becom.md) _Context: UEFA Champions League_
9. [Papiss Cisse fires two goals past UEFA Champions League finalists Chelsea to keep Newcastle United firmly in contention for a place in the Premier League's top four which would require Chelsea to defeat Bayern Munich in the final to qualify for next season. ](/news/2012/05/2/papiss-cissa-c-fires-two-goals-past-uefa-champions-league-finalists-chelsea-to-keep-newcastle-united-firmly-in-contention-for-a-place-in-the.md) _Context: UEFA Champions League_
10. [Chelsea stun title holders Barcelona with a 1-0 win UEFA Champions League semi-final first-leg match in London, Ivorian footballer Didier Drogba scoring the only goal of the game. ](/news/2012/04/18/chelsea-stun-title-holders-barcelona-with-a-1-0-win-uefa-champions-league-semi-final-first-leg-match-in-london-ivorian-footballer-didier-dr.md) _Context: UEFA Champions League_
