### [2016-06-6](/news/2016/06/6/index.md)

# Florida Governor Rick Scott declares a state of emergency as Tropical Storm Colin's rain and gusty winds pelt the state's west coast. Maximum sustained winds at 1:00 p.m. EDT are 50 mph (85 kpm). Between three and five inches of rain are forecast for northern Florida, with some areas getting up to eight inches. 

Winds, rain and some flooding began pounding parts of Florida&rsquo;s west coast as Tropical Storm Colin crossed the state&rsquo;s Big Bend.


### Source:

1. [CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/tropical-storm-colin-sets-record-hits-florida/)
2. [Miami Herald](http://www.miamiherald.com/news/weather/hurricane/article82033742.html)
3. [NHC](http://www.nhc.noaa.gov/text/refresh/MIATCPAT3+shtml/061751.shtml)

### Related:

1. [Hurricane Matthew moves towards the United States with hundreds of thousands of people being evacuated from the states of Florida and South Carolina. ](/news/2016/10/6/hurricane-matthew-moves-towards-the-united-states-with-hundreds-of-thousands-of-people-being-evacuated-from-the-states-of-florida-and-south.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season, Florida_
2. [Hurricane Matthew kills at least 26 people on the island of Hispaniola; 22 in Haiti and four more in the Dominican Republic. The U.S. National Hurricane Center predicts the storm, currently a Category 3 with maximum sustained winds of 115 mph (185 km/h), will strengthen as it moves across the Bahamas tonight and tomorrow, and be near the east coast of Florida by tomorrow evening. ](/news/2016/10/5/hurricane-matthew-kills-at-least-26-people-on-the-island-of-hispaniola-22-in-haiti-and-four-more-in-the-dominican-republic-the-u-s-nation.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season, Florida_
3. [Residents of the American state of Florida prepare for the impact of Hurricane Hermine which is expected to make landfall today. A state of emergency has been declared in 51 of the 67 counties in the state. ](/news/2016/09/2/residents-of-the-american-state-of-florida-prepare-for-the-impact-of-hurricane-hermine-which-is-expected-to-make-landfall-today-a-state-of.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season, Florida_
4. [The National Hurricane Center declares a hurricane watch and tropical storm warning from the Anclote River, north of Tampa, to Destin, Florida, near the Georgia border. Hermine, now at 45 mph (75 km), is expected to reach hurricane strength when it makes landfall Thursday afternoon. Florida Governor Rick Scott, with life-threatening flooding forecast, declares a state of emergency. ](/news/2016/08/31/the-national-hurricane-center-declares-a-hurricane-watch-and-tropical-storm-warning-from-the-anclote-river-north-of-tampa-to-destin-flori.md) _Context: Florida Governor, Rick Scott_
5. [Governor Rick Scott of Florida signs the death warrant for Oba Chandler, convicted of the murder of three women in 1989, with the execution set for November 15. ](/news/2011/10/10/governor-rick-scott-of-florida-signs-the-death-warrant-for-oba-chandler-convicted-of-the-murder-of-three-women-in-1989-with-the-execution.md) _Context: Florida, Rick Scott_
6. [ Florida Governor Charlie Crist ends the state's temporary voluntary moratorium on the death penalty by signing the death warrant of Mark Dean Schwab, convicted in 1992 of kidnapping, raping and murdering an 11-year-old boy in Cocoa, Florida. He is scheduled to die on November 15, 2007. ](/news/2007/07/18/florida-governor-charlie-crist-ends-the-state-s-temporary-voluntary-moratorium-on-the-death-penalty-by-signing-the-death-warrant-of-mark-de.md) _Context: Florida, Florida Governor_
7. [Hurricane Irma is now a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph (215 kp/h). Hurricane warnings are issued for the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean, which are expected to be affected Tuesday. Rainfalls of up to 10 inches (25 centimeters) are possible. Irma is forecast to strengthen over the next 48 hours. The governors of Puerto Rico and Florida issue states of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/4/hurricane-irma-is-now-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph-215-kp-h-hurricane-warnings-are-issued-for-the-leewa.md) _Context: Florida_
8. [A discharged 45-year-old former employee shoots and kills five people at a manufacturing business in Orlando, Florida, United States. The shooter took his own life afterwards. Eight others inside the workplace survived. ](/news/2017/06/5/a-discharged-45-year-old-former-employee-shoots-and-kills-five-people-at-a-manufacturing-business-in-orlando-florida-united-states-the-sh.md) _Context: Florida_
9. [The United States Air Force's unmanned spacecraft X-37B successfully lands at Kennedy Space Center's Shuttle Landing Facility in Merritt Island, Florida, after spending a record-breaking 718 days in orbit. The landing was responsible for reports of sonic booms across central Florida. ](/news/2017/05/7/the-united-states-air-force-s-unmanned-spacecraft-x-37b-successfully-lands-at-kennedy-space-center-s-shuttle-landing-facility-in-merritt-isl.md) _Context: Florida_
10. [United States senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-states-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-it.md) _Context: Florida_
