### [2016-06-6](/news/2016/06/6/index.md)

# Three bodies have been discovered in flood waters: two in the state of New South Wales and one in the Australian Capital Territory. Two people are missing in Tasmania. 

Three people are known to be dead and two more are missing as the massive storm cell that devastated beaches in Sydney causes record flooding in Tasmania.


### Source:

1. [ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2016-06-06/wild-weather-lashes-the-east-coast-of-australia/7479978)

### Related:

1. [The search continues for three missing people in the Australian states of New South Wales and Tasmania. Four deaths have so far been confirmed in the Australian Capital Territory, Tasmania and NSW. ](/news/2016/06/7/the-search-continues-for-three-missing-people-in-the-australian-states-of-new-south-wales-and-tasmania-four-deaths-have-so-far-been-confirm.md) _Context: Australian Capital Territory, Australian east coast low, New South Wales, Tasmania_
2. [ New South Wales facing evacuations and a rising flood threat as heavy rain and high winds hit Sydney and Newcastle. Parts of Victoria and Tasmania are braced for wild weather. ](/news/2016/06/5/new-south-wales-facing-evacuations-and-a-rising-flood-threat-as-heavy-rain-and-high-winds-hit-sydney-and-newcastle-parts-of-victoria-and-t.md) _Context: Australian east coast low, New South Wales, Tasmania_
3. [The storm in Australia's New South Wales is declared a "catastrophe" with four deaths, heavy flooding and disruption of transport to the state's largest cities Sydney and Newcastle. ](/news/2015/04/22/the-storm-in-australia-s-new-south-wales-is-declared-a-catastrophe-with-four-deaths-heavy-flooding-and-disruption-of-transport-to-the-sta.md) _Context: Australian east coast low, New South Wales_
4. [Three people have died in floods in the Australian town of Dungog, New South Wales as heavy rains and cyclonic winds hits the state of New South Wales causing widespread flooding, loss of power to over 100,000 homes and disruption of transport services. ](/news/2015/04/21/three-people-have-died-in-floods-in-the-australian-town-of-dungog-new-south-wales-as-heavy-rains-and-cyclonic-winds-hits-the-state-of-new-s.md) _Context: Australian east coast low, New South Wales_
5. [Two people are missing in the Hunter Region of New South Wales as an Australian east coast low causes widespread flooding, gale force winds and the loss of power to 140,000 properties. ](/news/2015/04/20/two-people-are-missing-in-the-hunter-region-of-new-south-wales-as-an-australian-east-coast-low-causes-widespread-flooding-gale-force-winds.md) _Context: Australian east coast low, New South Wales_
6. [The Health Services Union disaffiliates from the Australian Labor Party in the states of New South Wales and Victoria and the Australian Capital Territory, following the commencement of a New South Wales Police Force investigation into alleged "inappropriate practices" by current and former union officials, including Craig Thomson, a member of the House of Representatives. ](/news/2011/09/16/the-health-services-union-disaffiliates-from-the-australian-labor-party-in-the-states-of-new-south-wales-and-victoria-and-the-australian-cap.md) _Context: Australian Capital Territory, New South Wales_
7. [ New South Wales, Queensland and South Australia as well as the Australian Capital Territory have agreed to hand over control of the Murray-Darling Basin to the federal government. Negotiations continue with Victoria. ](/news/2007/02/23/new-south-wales-queensland-and-south-australia-as-well-as-the-australian-capital-territory-have-agreed-to-hand-over-control-of-the-murray.md) _Context: Australian Capital Territory, New South Wales_
8. [The death toll from Cyclone Debbie and the associated flooding in the Australian states of New South Wales and Queensland rises to five people. ](/news/2017/04/2/the-death-toll-from-cyclone-debbie-and-the-associated-flooding-in-the-australian-states-of-new-south-wales-and-queensland-rises-to-five-peop.md) _Context: New South Wales_
9. [Consequences of heavy rain from Cyclone Debbie kill at least three people and force 20,000 others to leave their homes in New South Wales and Queensland. ](/news/2017/04/1/consequences-of-heavy-rain-from-cyclone-debbie-kill-at-least-three-people-and-force-20-000-others-to-leave-their-homes-in-new-south-wales-an.md) _Context: New South Wales_
10. [Authorities find a woman's body near the town of Murwillumbah, New South Wales, bringing the number of confirmed storm fatalities to at least two people. There are fears that more people could be missing in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales. ](/news/2017/03/31/authorities-find-a-woman-s-body-near-the-town-of-murwillumbah-new-south-wales-bringing-the-number-of-confirmed-storm-fatalities-to-at-leas.md) _Context: New South Wales_
