### [2012-11-11](/news/2012/11/11/index.md)

# Mohammad al-Dahabi, the former spy chief of Jordan, is sentenced to 13 years imprisonment after being convicted of corruption. 

Mohammad al-Dahabi found guilty of embezzlement and abuse of office and fined $30m.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/middleeast/2012/11/2012111173524308960.html)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.aljazeera.com/mritems/Images/2012/2/9/20122920495580734_20.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The Peruvian Pedro Pablo Kuczynski Administration, through the Ministry of Justice, appoints a new head to the Direction of Presidential Graces. This is understood as a more step, although the president Kuczynski has denied it, towards to granting to the pardon of the 79-year-old former president Alberto Fujimori, sentenced to 25 years of jail for acts of corruption, Human Rights violations and various others delicts. Fujimori, who has been in jail since 2007 and whose health has deteriorated, the tongue cancer being one of the evils that allegedly afflict him, has applied for pardon unsuccessfully through his sons on two occasions. He ruled Peru from 1990 to 2000. ](/news/2017/10/11/the-peruvian-pedro-pablo-kuczynski-administration-through-the-ministry-of-justice-appoints-a-new-head-to-the-direction-of-presidential-gra.md) _Context: corruption_
2. [Jordanian authorities release a video of a Jordanian Air Force sergeant shooting United States soldiers. ](/news/2017/07/25/jordanian-authorities-release-a-video-of-a-jordanian-air-force-sergeant-shooting-united-states-soldiers.md) _Context: Jordan_
3. [Israel's embassy staff in Jordan, including a security guard involved in a shooting incident in which two Jordanians were killed yesterday, return to Israel from Amman. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu thanked U.S. President Donald Trump and Jordan's King Abdullah for their help and cooperation. ](/news/2017/07/24/israel-s-embassy-staff-in-jordan-including-a-security-guard-involved-in-a-shooting-incident-in-which-two-jordanians-were-killed-yesterday.md) _Context: Jordan_
4. [A shooting at the Israeli embassy in Amman, Jordan, leaves one person, a Jordanian, dead, and an Israeli and a Jordanian wounded. There is speculation the attack may be linked to recent events at Jerusalem's Al-Aqsa Mosque. Another Jordanian man was killed inadvertently. ](/news/2017/07/23/a-shooting-at-the-israeli-embassy-in-amman-jordan-leaves-one-person-a-jordanian-dead-and-an-israeli-and-a-jordanian-wounded-there-is-s.md) _Context: Jordan_
5. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Jordan_
