### [2012-11-11](/news/2012/11/11/index.md)

# Syrian civil war: Syrian opposition groups sign a deal in Qatar to form a coalition against president Bashar al-Assad. 

Syrian opposition groups havesigned an initial agreement to form a new coalition of forcesfighting to end the rule of President Bashar al-Assad, a Syriandelegate at talks in Doha said on Sunday.


### Source:

1. [Arutz Sheva](http://www.israelnationalnews.com/News/Flash.aspx/254439#.UKCvpYfs7cA)
2. [Khaleej Times](http://www.khaleejtimes.com/kt-article-display-1.asp?section=middleeast&xfile=data/middleeast/2012/November/middleeast_November165.xml)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/11/11/syria-crisis-doha-idUSL5E8MA2P720121111)
4. [Ynetnews](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-4303853,00.html)

### Related:

1. [Israeli Minister of Construction Yoav Galant states that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should be assassinated.  Yesterday, the United States Department of State accused the al-Assad government of using a crematory at Sednaya Prison to cover up the mass murders of thousands of political prisoners. The Syrian government denies the accusations. ](/news/2017/05/16/israeli-minister-of-construction-yoav-galant-states-that-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-should-be-assassinated-yesterday-the-united-sta.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
2. [At least 75 Syrian Army soldiers and pro-Assad militiamen are killed following a multi-front attack on the eastern Syrian city of Deir ez-Zor by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant forces. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports ISIL fighters had advanced into the northern tip of Deir ez-Zor city, and captured the suburb of Al-Baghaliyeh. The pro-government Syrian Arab News Agency (SANA) reports that government forces had repelled an attack on the city leaving dozens of militants dead. ](/news/2016/01/16/at-least-75-syrian-army-soldiers-and-pro-assad-militiamen-are-killed-following-a-multi-front-attack-on-the-eastern-syrian-city-of-deir-ez-zo.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Russia expands its military presence in Syria with an additional airbase that can accommodate fixed-winged military aircraft. The U.S. Department of Defense also confirms that Russia added S-400 surface-to-air missiles to its Syrian stockpile and armed its military aircraft with air-to-air missiles. According to Military Times, "A Pentagon spokesman expressed concern" these moves indicate Russia's commitment to aiding the embattled Assad regime as opposed to combating ISIL. No Syrian opposition groups including ISIL have combat-ready aircraft that require air-to-air missiles. ](/news/2015/12/2/russia-expands-its-military-presence-in-syria-with-an-additional-airbase-that-can-accommodate-fixed-winged-military-aircraft-the-u-s-depar.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian President Bashar al-Assad says reforms in Syria are unlikely until all of the government's armed opponents are vanquished. The country will continue to send representatives to peace negotiations sponsored by Moscow, but rule out negotiations with the Western-backed groups opposing his government. ](/news/2015/10/4/syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-says-reforms-in-syria-are-unlikely-until-all-of-the-governmentas-armed-opponents-are-vanquished-the-coun.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
5. [U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says new talks aimed to help end Syria's war shouldn't be held up by wrangling over whether President Bashar Assad stays or goes. ](/news/2015/10/31/u-n-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-says-new-talks-aimed-to-help-end-syria-s-war-shouldn-t-be-held-up-by-wrangling-over-whether-president-bas.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Russian President Vladimir Putin confirms that Russia is providing military aid in Syrian Civil War in support of the Bashar al-Assad regime and is providing heavy weapons, aircraft, tanks, serious training and logistical support to the Syrian Army. ](/news/2015/09/4/russian-president-vladimir-putin-confirms-that-russia-is-providing-military-aid-in-syrian-civil-war-in-support-of-the-bashar-al-assad-regime.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian TV reports that 39 people have been killed and 205 injured as a result of a mortar attack on a pro-Assad rally. ](/news/2014/05/23/syrian-tv-reports-that-39-people-have-been-killed-and-205-injured-as-a-result-of-a-mortar-attack-on-a-pro-assad-rally.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian civil war:106 people are massacred in the Basatin al-Hasawiya district of Homs, Syria, including children. People were shot, stabbed, and burned to death by forces loyal to Bashar al-Assad known as the Shabiha. ](/news/2013/01/17/syrian-civil-war-p106-people-are-massacred-in-the-basatin-al-hasawiya-district-of-homs-syria-including-children-people-were-shot-stabbed.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian civil war:NBC News Chief Foreign Correspondent Richard Engel and his production team are freed after 5 days of captivity in northern Syria. They were captured by what Engel claims were members of the shabiha, a plainclothes militia loyal to President Bashar al-Assad. Rebel forces at a checkpoint freed the men after a firefight that killed 2 of the captors. ](/news/2012/12/18/syrian-civil-war-pnbc-news-chief-foreign-correspondent-richard-engel-and-his-production-team-are-freed-after-5-days-of-captivity-in-northern.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian civil war: Syrian President Bashar al-Assad rejects an offer to safely leave Syria and vows to "live and die" in the country. ](/news/2012/11/8/syrian-civil-war-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-rejects-an-offer-to-safely-leave-syria-and-vows-to-live-and-die-in-the-country.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
