### [2010-08-6](/news/2010/08/6/index.md)

# It is impossible that Abdelbaset al-Megrahi could have pretended to have terminal prostate cancer, according to an oncologist who examined him. 

Professor Karol Sikora, who examined Abdelbaset al-Megrahi in jail, insists the Libyan could not have &quot;faked&quot; his terminal cancer.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/health-10878514)
1. [Cover Image](https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/48621000/jpg/_48621630_008452630-1.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC), the cancer agency of the World Health Organization (WHO), has evaluated the carcinogenicity of the consumption of red meat and processed meat. After thoroughly reviewing the accumulated scientific literature, a Working Group of 22 experts from 10 countries convened by the IARC Monographs Programme classified the consumption of red meat as probably carcinogenic to humans (Group 2A), based on limited evidence that the consumption of red meat causes cancer in humans and strong mechanistic evidence supporting a carcinogenic effect. This association was observed mainly for colorectal cancer, but associations were also seen for pancreatic cancer and prostate cancer. Processed meat was classified as carcinogenic to humans (Group 1), based on sufficient evidence in humans that the consumption of processed meat causes colorectal cancer. ](/news/2015/10/28/the-international-agency-for-research-on-cancer-iarc-the-cancer-agency-of-the-world-health-organization-who-has-evaluated-the-carcinog.md) _Context: prostate cancer_
2. [The U.S. Preventive Services Task Force issues a recommendation stating that, in consultation with their doctor and pharmacist, and provided the risk of gastrointestinal bleeding and the very rare risk of certain hemorrhagic strokes do not outweigh the benefits in individual cases, that people aged 50 to 70 (especially those aged 50-60 and with a 10 percent risk or higher of cardiovascular disease, or CVD; mindful that the risk of bleeding, which can be dangerous, goes up as one ages) should take low-dose aspirin, for a period of at least 10 years, for preventive benefits against CVD and heart attack, as well as colorectal cancer. The evidence is inconclusive for those not at very high risk who are over 70, and below 40, and there is only weak evidence for prevention of lung cancer, breast cancer, and prostate cancer. ](/news/2015/09/14/the-u-s-preventive-services-task-force-issues-a-recommendation-stating-that-in-consultation-with-their-doctor-and-pharmacist-and-provided.md) _Context: prostate cancer_
3. [Preventive medicine researchers from Harvard University and Northwestern University conduct a study on long-term (13 years; 793 people) pre-cancer changes (mostly leukemia, prostate cancer, lung cancers, and skin cancers) in telomeres, the protective ends of DNA. Some said, in previous short-look studies, that focused mostly on their known role in the pace of regular aging, that they either got shorter or longer. There was a 3-4 year period of accelerated aging, and then it halted a few years before cancer was diagnosed. ](/news/2015/05/3/preventive-medicine-researchers-from-harvard-university-and-northwestern-university-conduct-a-study-on-long-term-13-years-793-people-pre.md) _Context: prostate cancer_
4. [Abdelbaset al-Megrahi, the only person convicted in the case concerning the 1988 bombing of Pan Am Flight 103, is buried in a private ceremony in a western suburb of Tripoli, having died of cancer aged 60. ](/news/2012/05/21/abdelbaset-al-megrahi-the-only-person-convicted-in-the-case-concerning-the-1988-bombing-of-pan-am-flight-103-is-buried-in-a-private-ceremo.md) _Context: Abdelbaset al-Megrahi_
5. [Abdelbaset al-Megrahi, the former Libyan intelligence officer convicted of the 1988 bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie, Scotland, dies at his home in the Libyan capital of Tripoli at the age of 60. ](/news/2012/05/20/abdelbaset-al-megrahi-the-former-libyan-intelligence-officer-convicted-of-the-1988-bombing-of-pan-am-flight-103-over-lockerbie-scotland-d.md) _Context: Abdelbaset al-Megrahi_
6. [Billionaire investor Warren Buffett admits he has prostate cancer. ](/news/2012/04/17/billionaire-investor-warren-buffett-admits-he-has-prostate-cancer.md) _Context: prostate cancer_
7. [Newly released cables report that the British government feared Libya might reduce political relations if Abdelbaset al-Megrahi were to die in jail in Scotland. ](/news/2010/12/8/newly-released-cables-report-that-the-british-government-feared-libya-might-reduce-political-relations-if-abdelbaset-al-megrahi-were-to-die.md) _Context: Abdelbaset al-Megrahi_
8. [Movember wraps up with over $50 million raised for prostate cancer. ](/news/2010/11/30/movember-wraps-up-with-over-50-million-raised-for-prostate-cancer.md) _Context: prostate cancer_
9. [The father of one of those killed in the 1988 Pan Am Flight 103 bombing travels to Libya to meet Abdelbaset al-Megrahi; he considers Megrahi to be innocent and calls for an inquiry. ](/news/2010/09/20/the-father-of-one-of-those-killed-in-the-1988-pan-am-flight-103-bombing-travels-to-libya-to-meet-abdelbaset-al-megrahi-he-considers-megrahi.md) _Context: Abdelbaset al-Megrahi_
10. [Cardinal Keith O'Brien who leads the Catholic Church in Scotland, defends the Scottish government's decision to release Abdelbaset al-Megrahi for humanitarian reasons and attacks the United States's "culture of vengeance" for trying to coerce Scottish ministers into "crawling like lapdogs". ](/news/2010/08/8/cardinal-keith-o-brien-who-leads-the-catholic-church-in-scotland-defends-the-scottish-government-s-decision-to-release-abdelbaset-al-megrah.md) _Context: Abdelbaset al-Megrahi_
