### [2010-08-6](/news/2010/08/6/index.md)

# Mark Hurd resigns as chief executive officer of computer company Hewlett-Packard following investigation of a sexual harassment claim. 

Mark Hurd resigns as chief executive officer and president of Hewlett-Packard following a sexual harassment probe, the company says.


### Source:

1. [AP via ABC America](http://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory?id=11344825)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-10900198)

### Related:

1. [2016 United States Presidential election. Former Hewlett-Packard Chief Executive Officer Carly Fiorina announces that she will be seeking the Republican Party nomination for the 2016 presidential election. ](/news/2015/05/4/2016-united-states-presidential-election-former-hewlett-packard-chief-executive-officer-carly-fiorina-announces-that-she-will-be-seeking-th.md) _Context: Hewlett-Packard, chief executive officer_
2. [ Patricia Dunn announces her resignation as Hewlett-Packard's chairman and board member, following a pretexting scandal. Mark Hurd has replaced Dunn as chairman of the company, effective immediately. ](/news/2006/09/22/patricia-dunn-announces-her-resignation-as-hewlett-packard-s-chairman-and-board-member-following-a-pretexting-scandal-mark-hurd-has-repla.md) _Context: Hewlett-Packard, Mark Hurd_
3. [ Carly Fiorina, widely considered one of the most powerful women in American business, resigns her post as CEO of Hewlett-Packard, having been asked to do so by the company's board of directors after she failed to cut costs and increase revenue as quickly as the board had hoped. She had served as CEO of the company since 1999 and Chairman of the Board since 2000. ](/news/2005/02/9/carly-fiorina-widely-considered-one-of-the-most-powerful-women-in-american-business-resigns-her-post-as-ceo-of-hewlett-packard-having-be.md) _Context: Hewlett-Packard, chief executive officer_
4. [ Boeing Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Phil Condit resigns, a week after the aviation giant fires its Chief Financial Officer in an ethics scandal. The move comes as the company faces scrutiny by the Defense Department for a government plan to acquire Boeing 767 planes for use as refueling tankers and answers questions about the ousters of two executives for ethical misconduct during the period it was being negotiated. Former McDonnell Douglas CEO Harry Stonecipher will succeed Condit as CEO, while former Hewlett-Packard chairman and CEO Lewis Platt takes over as chairman. [http://www.reuters.co.uk/newsPackageArticle.jhtml?type=businessNews&storyID=412789&section=finance]](/news/2003/12/1/boeing-chairman-and-chief-executive-officer-phil-condit-resigns-a-week-after-the-aviation-giant-fires-its-chief-financial-officer-in-an-et.md) _Context: Hewlett-Packard, chief executive officer_
5. [21st Century Fox, the parent company of Fox News, settles a sexual harassment case by Gretchen Carlson for US$20 million. ](/news/2016/09/6/21st-century-fox-the-parent-company-of-fox-news-settles-a-sexual-harassment-case-by-gretchen-carlson-for-us-20-million.md) _Context: sexual harassment_
6. [Fox News Channel controversies. Roger Ailes is reported to be leaving Fox News after charges of sexual harassment are filed against him by former "Fox and Friends" host Gretchen Carlson. ](/news/2016/07/19/fox-news-channel-controversies-roger-ailes-is-reported-to-be-leaving-fox-news-after-charges-of-sexual-harassment-are-filed-against-him-by-f.md) _Context: sexual harassment_
7. [Former chair of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change Rajendra K. Pachauri is to face a court in Delhi, India on charges of sexual harassment. Pachauri is accused of stalking, intimidation and sexual assault of a former employee. ](/news/2016/04/22/former-chair-of-the-intergovernmental-panel-on-climate-change-rajendra-k-pachauri-is-to-face-a-court-in-delhi-india-on-charges-of-sexual-h.md) _Context: sexual harassment_
8. [Transgender rights in the United States. Dozens of chief executive officers of major U.S. technology, biotech, and financial companies urge North Carolina to repeal a new state law forcing transgender people to use rest-rooms and changing-rooms according to the gender on their birth-certificate.](/news/2016/03/29/transgender-rights-in-the-united-states-dozens-of-chief-executive-officers-of-major-u-s-technology-biotech-and-financial-companies-urge.md) _Context: chief executive officer_
9. [Upper Big Branch Mine disaster. A court convicts Donald Blankenship, former CEO of Massey Energy Company, of violating safety standards that led to the deaths of 29 Upper Big Branch mine workers in Montcoal, West Virginia in 2010. He is acquitted of making false statements and deceiving regulators. Blankenship, who faces up to one year in prison and a fine of $250,000, is the most prominent American coal executive ever to be convicted of a charge connected to the deaths of miners. ](/news/2015/12/3/upper-big-branch-mine-disaster-a-court-convicts-donald-blankenship-former-ceo-of-massey-energy-company-of-violating-safety-standards-that.md) _Context: chief executive officer_
10. [Hewlett-Packard, which has struggled for years in a declining PC market, will cut up to 33,300 jobs over the next three years, mostly in its enterprise business. ](/news/2015/09/16/hewlett-packard-which-has-struggled-for-years-in-a-declining-pc-market-will-cut-up-to-33-300-jobs-over-the-next-three-years-mostly-in-its.md) _Context: Hewlett-Packard_
