### [2010-08-6](/news/2010/08/6/index.md)

# The Pentagon makes a demand to Wikileaks that it remove its collection of classified military documents from the internet. 

The Pentagon demands that Wikileaks remove secret US documents on the Afghan war from its website and cancel plans to publish any more it holds.


### Source:

1. [Aljazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/americas/2010/08/2010851940060127.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-10888993)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSTRE6744AO20100805)

### Related:

1. [Julian Assange issues a statement to supporters from a balcony of London's Ecuadorean embassy, in which he refers to the U.S. Pentagon's recent description of the existence of WikiLeaks as an "ongoing crime" and suggests it is the intention of WikiLeaks to release a million more documents in 2013. ](/news/2012/12/20/julian-assange-issues-a-statement-to-supporters-from-a-balcony-of-london-s-ecuadorean-embassy-in-which-he-refers-to-the-u-s-pentagon-s-rec.md) _Context: United States military, WikiLeaks_
2. [July 12, 2007 Baghdad airstrike WikiLeaks video controversy:. Fox News alleges "many who have viewed the video" WikiLeaks released recently showing American forces killing civilians in a July 12, 2007 Baghdad airstrike have accused the website of "selectively editing" (by slowing down selected parts of it) after a report by The Pentagon was released claiming that several of those killed did have weapons. ](/news/2010/04/7/july-12-2007-baghdad-airstrike-wikileaks-video-controversy-fox-news-alleges-many-who-have-viewed-the-video-wikileaks-released-recently.md) _Context: United States military, WikiLeaks_
3. [Battle of Mosul. The United States military reports that their investigation found 105 civilians were killed and 36 people are still missing from the bombing of a Mosul building on March 17. ](/news/2017/05/25/battle-of-mosul-the-united-states-military-reports-that-their-investigation-found-105-civilians-were-killed-and-36-people-are-still-missing.md) _Context: United States military_
4. ["Assange v Swedish Prosecution Authority". Swedish prosecutors drop a seven-year sexual assault investigation into WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. ](/news/2017/05/19/assange-v-swedish-prosecution-authority-swedish-prosecutors-drop-a-seven-year-sexual-assault-investigation-into-wikileaks-founder-julian.md) _Context: WikiLeaks_
5. [Vault 7. WikiLeaks releases thousands of documents that it claims provides details of surveillance software used by the United States Central Intelligence Agency. ](/news/2017/03/7/vault-7-wikileaks-releases-thousands-of-documents-that-it-claims-provides-details-of-surveillance-software-used-by-the-united-states-centra.md) _Context: WikiLeaks_
6. [Barack Obama presidential pardons. The President of the United States Barack Obama commutes the bulk of the sentence for Chelsea Manning for leaking documents to WikiLeaks. Manning will now be released in 2017 instead of 2045. ](/news/2017/01/17/barack-obama-presidential-pardons-the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-commutes-the-bulk-of-the-sentence-for-chelsea-manning-for.md) _Context: WikiLeaks_
7. [United States-Yemen relations. WikiLeaks releases 500 internal documents and emails allegedly from the American Embassy in Sana'a, Yemen. ](/news/2016/11/25/united-states-yemen-relations-wikileaks-releases-500-internal-documents-and-emails-allegedly-from-the-american-embassy-in-sana-a-yemen.md) _Context: WikiLeaks_
8. [Imprisoned former American Army intelligence analyst and transgender person Chelsea Manning, who is serving a 35-year sentence at Fort Leavenworth, will have the military provide the costs of gender reassignment surgery. She was convicted by court-martial in July 2013 of violations of the Espionage Act and other offenses, after disclosing to WikiLeaks nearly three-quarters of a million classified or unclassified but sensitive military and diplomatic documents. ](/news/2016/09/13/imprisoned-former-american-army-intelligence-analyst-and-transgender-person-chelsea-manning-who-is-serving-a-35-year-sentence-at-fort-leave.md) _Context: WikiLeaks_
9. [Murder of Seth Rich. WikiLeaks announces that it is offering $20,000 for information leading to a conviction in last month's shooting death of 27-year-old Democratic National Committee (DNC) staffer Seth Rich in Bloomingdale, Washington, D.C.. Police say they believe Rich was likely killed in an attempted robbery. ](/news/2016/08/9/murder-of-seth-rich-wikileaks-announces-that-it-is-offering-20-000-for-information-leading-to-a-conviction-in-last-month-s-shooting-death.md) _Context: WikiLeaks_
10. [2016 Democratic National Committee email leak. Emails released by Wikileaks show that the Democratic National Committee (DNC), led by Debbie Wasserman Schultz, supported the candidacy of Hillary Clinton over Bernie Sanders. ](/news/2016/07/23/2016-democratic-national-committee-email-leak-emails-released-by-wikileaks-show-that-the-democratic-national-committee-dnc-led-by-debbie.md) _Context: WikiLeaks_
