### [2010-08-6](/news/2010/08/6/index.md)

# Vladimir Putin, the Prime Minister of Russia, bans export of flour and wheat from August 15 to December 31 due to the worst drought in Russian history. 

Wheat markets tumbled the daily limit on Friday, posting their biggest daily percentage loss in 14 months as investors took profits a day after pushing prices higher with Russia suspending grain shipments due to its worst drought in a century.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSTRE6742QQ20100806)

### Related:

1. [A Spanish judge issues an arrest warrant for various individuals with links to organized crime from Russia. The list also includes former and current officials of the Russian government with close links to Russian President Vladimir Putin. Prominent officials include former Defense Minister Anatoliy Serdyukov and former Prime Minister Viktor Zubkov. The charges range from money laundering to assassination. ](/news/2016/05/3/a-spanish-judge-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-various-individuals-with-links-to-organized-crime-from-russia-the-list-also-includes-former-an.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
2. [Voters in Russia go to the polls for a presidential election with Prime Minister Vladimir Putin claiming victory despite allegations of voter fraud. ](/news/2012/03/4/voters-in-russia-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-with-prime-minister-vladimir-putin-claiming-victory-despite-allegations-of-vote.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
3. [Russian President Dmitry Medvedev orders Prime Minister Vladimir Putin to remove his deputies on the boards of state companies by 1 July. ](/news/2011/04/3/russian-president-dmitry-medvedev-orders-prime-minister-vladimir-putin-to-remove-his-deputies-on-the-boards-of-state-companies-by-1-july.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
4. [Russian police detain more than 150 people including prominent opponents of Prime Minister of Russia Vladimir Putin such as former Deputy Prime Minister Boris Nemtsov, following protests in Moscow and Saint Petersburg in support of freedom of assembly. ](/news/2010/08/31/russian-police-detain-more-than-150-people-including-prominent-opponents-of-prime-minister-of-russia-vladimir-putin-such-as-former-deputy-pr.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
5. [President Nicolas Sarkozy defends his plans to sell up to four French warships to Russia, despite concerns raised by his Georgian counterpart Mikheil Saakashvili during talks taking place a few days before a visit to Paris of Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2010/06/9/president-nicolas-sarkozy-defends-his-plans-to-sell-up-to-four-french-warships-to-russia-despite-concerns-raised-by-his-georgian-counterpar.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
6. [Thousands of Russians demonstrate across the country against the policies of the government of Prime Minister Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2010/03/20/thousands-of-russians-demonstrate-across-the-country-against-the-policies-of-the-government-of-prime-minister-vladimir-putin.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
7. [ Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin's office accuses Georgian pop group Stefane & 3G's song "We Don't Wanna Put In" of hooliganism. ](/news/2009/02/19/russian-prime-minister-vladimir-putin-s-office-accuses-georgian-pop-group-stefane-3g-s-song-we-don-t-wanna-put-in-of-hooliganism.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
8. [ Stefane & 3G will represent Georgia at the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 in Moscow with "We Don't Wanna Put In", a song allegedly against Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2009/02/18/stefane-3g-will-represent-georgia-at-the-eurovision-song-contest-2009-in-moscow-with-we-don-t-wanna-put-in-a-song-allegedly-against-ru.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
9. [ Russian President Dmitry Medvedev criticizes Prime Minister Vladimir Putin's government for not acting quickly enough to deal with the current financial crisis. ](/news/2009/01/11/russian-president-dmitry-medvedev-criticizes-prime-minister-vladimir-putin-s-government-for-not-acting-quickly-enough-to-deal-with-the-curr.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
10. [ Prime Minister Vladimir Putin says Russia may be forced to cut gas supplies to Ukraine if the latter "does not fulfil the agreements" on payment for gas already consumed. ](/news/2008/12/4/prime-minister-vladimir-putin-says-russia-may-be-forced-to-cut-gas-supplies-to-ukraine-if-the-latter-does-not-fulfil-the-agreements-on-pa.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
