### [2015-02-9](/news/2015/02/9/index.md)

# Bahrain suspends the newly launched Alarab News Channel. On February 1, 2015, Alarab's first day of operations, Bahrain's Information Affairs Authority had ordered the channel to cease broadcasting since it had not done enough to combat -extremism and terrorism.- Alarab had debuted with a Shia opposition politician interview. [http://www.aljazeera.com/news/middleeast/2015/02/bahrain-suspends-newly-launched-alarab-news-channel-150209155209829.html (Al Jazeera)] [http://nation.com.pk/international/10-Feb-2015/bahrain-suspends-ksa-owned-news-channel ("The Nation" (Pakistan))] 




### Related:

1. [2017 Qatar crisis. Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/2017-qatar-crisis-qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt.md) _Context: Bahrain_
2. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis. Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognize.md) _Context: Bahrain_
3. [Censorship in Bahrain. Bahrain bans the independent "Al-Wasat" newspaper on grounds that it "sows division" in the Shia-majority kingdom. ](/news/2017/06/4/censorship-in-bahrain-bahrain-bans-the-independent-al-wasat-newspaper-on-grounds-that-it-sows-division-in-the-shia-majority-kingdom.md) _Context: Bahrain_
4. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis. The Bahrain News Agency publishes an official list of the demands from Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt towards Qatar. Turkey says the demands on Qatar are unlawful. ](/news/2017/06/25/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-the-bahrain-news-agency-publishes-an-official-list-of-the-demands-from-saudi-arabia-bahrain-the-united-arab.md) _Context: Bahrain_
5. [Five people are killed in a raid on a house of a Shia cleric in Bahrain. ](/news/2017/05/24/five-people-are-killed-in-a-raid-on-a-house-of-a-shia-cleric-in-bahrain.md) _Context: Bahrain_
6. [Bahraini uprising (2011-present). Bahrain executes three people for their alleged involvement in a bombing that killed three police officers in 2014, the first executions in the country since 2010. ](/news/2017/01/15/bahraini-uprising-2011-present-bahrain-executes-three-people-for-their-alleged-involvement-in-a-bombing-that-killed-three-police-office.md) _Context: Bahrain_
7. [Bahrain-United States relations. The Obama administration urges Bahrain to free Nabeel Rajab, a human rights activist. ](/news/2016/09/7/bahrain-united-states-relations-the-obama-administration-urges-bahrain-to-free-nabeel-rajab-a-human-rights-activist.md) _Context: Bahrain_
8. [The Bahrain High Civil Court in Manama dissolves Al Wefaq, Bahrain's main Shia opposition group, accusing it of helping to foster violence and terrorism in the Sunni-led, Shia-majority island country. The Bahraini court previously issued a three-month suspension of the group last month. ](/news/2016/07/17/the-bahrain-high-civil-court-in-manama-dissolves-al-wefaq-bahrain-s-main-shia-opposition-group-accusing-it-of-helping-to-foster-violence-a.md) _Context: Bahrain_
9. [Foreign relations of the United States. The United Arab Emirates and Bahrain issue a travel warning for their citizens heading to American cities where protests are occuring following ethnic tensions in the country. This comes after The Bahamas issued its own travel warning yesterday, after the shooting of Dallas police officers. ](/news/2016/07/10/foreign-relations-of-the-united-states-the-united-arab-emirates-and-bahrain-issue-a-travel-warning-for-their-citizens-heading-to-american-c.md) _Context: Bahrain_
10. [Human rights in Bahrain. Bahraini authorities strip Isa Qassim, the kingdom's most influential Shia cleric, of his citizenship after they accused him of promoting "sectarianism and violence". ](/news/2016/06/20/human-rights-in-bahrain-bahraini-authorities-strip-isa-qassim-the-kingdom-s-most-influential-shia-cleric-of-his-citizenship-after-they-ac.md) _Context: Bahrain_
