### [2003-04-7](/news/2003/04/7/index.md)

#  Syracuse University defeats the University of Kansas to win the NCAA's college basketball championship




### Related:

1. [In a case brought by a group of former NCAA athletes, U.S. District Court judge Claudia Wilken rules that the NCAA violated antitrust law by restricting the compensation that college athletes can receive for their publicity rights. ](/news/2014/08/8/in-a-case-brought-by-a-group-of-former-ncaa-athletes-u-s-district-court-judge-claudia-wilken-rules-that-the-ncaa-violated-antitrust-law-by.md) _Context: NCAA_
2. [The UN's John Ging says more than 7,000 Palestinian children have successfully attempted a Guinness World Record by simultaneously dribbling basketballs. ](/news/2010/07/22/the-un-s-john-ging-says-more-than-7-000-palestinian-children-have-successfully-attempted-a-guinness-world-record-by-simultaneously-dribbling.md) _Context: basketball_
3. [South Sudan's 7ft 7in basketball legend and humanitarian, Manute Bol, dies. ](/news/2010/06/20/south-sudan-s-7ft-7in-basketball-legend-and-humanitarian-manute-bol-dies.md) _Context: basketball_
4. [ Former basketball referee Tim Donaghy accuses other referees in the National Basketball Association of rigging games, including Game 6 in the 2002 Western Conference Finals, allowing the Los Angeles Lakers to win that game, the series, and ultimately the 2002 NBA Finals. ](/news/2008/06/11/former-basketball-referee-tim-donaghy-accuses-other-referees-in-the-national-basketball-association-of-rigging-games-including-game-6-in-t.md) _Context: basketball_
5. [ A collision near Bathurst, New Brunswick results in the deaths of 7 Bathurst High School basketball team members. ](/news/2008/01/12/a-collision-near-bathurst-new-brunswick-results-in-the-deaths-of-7-bathurst-high-school-basketball-team-members.md) _Context: basketball_
6. [ In a stunning college football upset, Appalachian State defeated #5-ranked Michigan at Michigan Stadium by a score of 34-32. This is the first time a team from the second-tier NCAA Division I FCS has defeated an AP-ranked Division I FBS opponent. Armanti Edwards was the quarterback for the underdog Mountaineers. ](/news/2007/09/1/in-a-stunning-college-football-upset-appalachian-state-defeated-5-ranked-michigan-at-michigan-stadium-by-a-score-of-34-32-this-is-the-fi.md) _Context: NCAA_
7. [ Five basketball players at Duquesne University in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania are shot on campus after they tried to calm a disturbed man at a dance in the Student Union. Three of the five are hospitalized, with one in critical condition. ](/news/2006/09/17/five-basketball-players-at-duquesne-university-in-pittsburgh-pennsylvania-are-shot-on-campus-after-they-tried-to-calm-a-disturbed-man-at-a.md) _Context: basketball_
8. [ The University of Delaware's Blue Hens shut out Colgate University to win the NCAA Division I-AA football national championship. [http://www.delawareonline.com/newsjournal/local/2003/12/20hensarenational.html]](/news/2003/12/19/the-university-of-delaware-s-blue-hens-shut-out-colgate-university-to-win-the-ncaa-division-i-aa-football-national-championship-http-ww.md) _Context: NCAA_
9. [ U.S. Basketball: Eagle County, Colorado District Attorney Mark Hurlbert announces that Los Angeles Lakers star Kobe Bryant has been charged with one count of felony sexual assault, stemming from a June 30 incident at a gated resort involving a 19-year-old woman.](/news/2003/07/18/u-s-basketball-eagle-county-colorado-district-attorney-mark-hurlbert-announces-that-los-angeles-lakers-star-kobe-bryant-has-been-charged.md) _Context: basketball_
10. [ The San Antonio Spurs become NBA basketball champions by defeating the New Jersey Nets in game six of the 2003 NBA Finals, 88-77. It is the Spurs second franchise title.](/news/2003/06/15/the-san-antonio-spurs-become-nba-basketball-champions-by-defeating-the-new-jersey-nets-in-game-six-of-the-2003-nba-finals-88a77-it-is-t.md) _Context: basketball_
