### [2003-04-7](/news/2003/04/7/index.md)

#  U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell says that war in Iraq is "drawing to a close".




### Related:

1. [ The Israeli government has called on U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell not to meet with former ministers of Israel and the Palestinian Authority who have drawn up the unofficial Geneva plan. [http://www.voanews.com/article.cfm?objectID=10A4368A-A917-4370-A4EB40CDB94EF998] ](/news/2003/12/2/the-israeli-government-has-called-on-u-s-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-not-to-meet-with-former-ministers-of-israel-and-the-palestinian-a.md) _Context: Colin Powell, U.S. Secretary of State_
2. [In the United States, Hillary Clinton is criticized by the State Department's inspector general for her usage of a private email server while she was secretary of state. The finding also concluded though that former secretary of state Colin Powell also had a private email server, as did former ambassador to Kenya Scott Gration. The inspector referred to the email server usage as "longstanding systemic weaknesses". ](/news/2016/05/25/in-the-united-states-hillary-clinton-is-criticized-by-the-state-departmentas-inspector-general-for-her-usage-of-a-private-email-server-wh.md) _Context: Colin Powell_
3. [The U.N team in charge of the investigation on the alleged recent chemical attacks in Syria comes under fire from snipers; none of the U.N. delegates are injured and the team reaches one of the alleged hit sites. The U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry describes the attack as "a shame and an offense to the world and humanity that deserves the proper punishment". ](/news/2013/08/26/the-u-n-team-in-charge-of-the-investigation-on-the-alleged-recent-chemical-attacks-in-syria-comes-under-fire-from-snipers-none-of-the-u-n.md) _Context: U.S. Secretary of State_
4. [Pakistan decides to reopen key NATO supply routes into Afghanistan after U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton apologized for a NATO airstrike that killed 26 Pakistani soldiers and officials in November 2011. ](/news/2012/07/3/pakistan-decides-to-reopen-key-nato-supply-routes-into-afghanistan-after-u-s-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-apologized-for-a-nato-airst.md) _Context: U.S. Secretary of State_
5. [ Retired General and former Secretary of State Colin Powell endorses Barack Obama for President of the United States. ](/news/2008/10/19/retired-general-and-former-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-endorses-barack-obama-for-president-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: Colin Powell_
6. [ War in Iraq: Two separate bombings in Baquba and Ramadi kills at least 60. ](/news/2008/04/15/war-in-iraq-two-separate-bombings-in-baquba-and-ramadi-kills-at-least-60.md) _Context: War in Iraq_
7. [ War in Iraq: United States forces kill at least 25 members of a Shiite militia in a firefight. ](/news/2007/10/5/war-in-iraq-united-states-forces-kill-at-least-25-members-of-a-shiite-militia-in-a-firefight.md) _Context: War in Iraq_
8. [ War in Iraq: The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Gordon Brown makes his first visit to Iraq, where he announces the withdrawal of 1,000 troops. ](/news/2007/10/2/war-in-iraq-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-gordon-brown-makes-his-first-visit-to-iraq-where-he-announces-the-withdrawal-of-1-00.md) _Context: War in Iraq_
9. [ War in Iraq: Four US Marines are killed in Anbar and three US Army soldiers are killed in Nineveh province. ](/news/2007/09/6/war-in-iraq-four-us-marines-are-killed-in-anbar-and-three-us-army-soldiers-are-killed-in-nineveh-province.md) _Context: War in Iraq_
10. [ The United States Secretary of Defense Robert Gates asks for $190 billion to cover the cost of the war in Iraq and war in Afghanistan during 2008. ](/news/2007/09/26/the-united-states-secretary-of-defense-robert-gates-asks-for-190-billion-to-cover-the-cost-of-the-war-in-iraq-and-war-in-afghanistan-durin.md) _Context: War in Iraq_
