### [2010-12-13](/news/2010/12/13/index.md)

# Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erakat asks the European Union to  recognize "two states (Israel and Palestine) along the 1967 borders". 




### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2010-12-13/erakat-asks-eu-to-recognize-palestinian-state-alongside-israel.html)

### Related:

1. [Israel arrests Palestinian lawmaker Khalida Jarrar over allegations of her inciting of violence. ](/news/2017/07/2/israel-arrests-palestinian-lawmaker-khalida-jarrar-over-allegations-of-her-inciting-of-violence.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
2. [A summit begins in Paris, France, to restart peace negotiations between Israel and Palestine in an effort to discuss a possible two-state solution to the conflict. However, neither Israel nor Palestine sent representatives to the summit, casting doubts on a breakthrough. ](/news/2017/01/15/a-summit-begins-in-paris-france-to-restart-peace-negotiations-between-israel-and-palestine-in-an-effort-to-discuss-a-possible-two-state-so.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
3. [The  report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council -- the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union -- calls on Israel to end  settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on  Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, "The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-a-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-a.md) _Context: European Union, Israel_
4. [A Palestinian woman is killed and another person is injured in the Gaza Strip by tank fire from Israel. Israel said it responded to mortar rounds and the discovery of another tunnel by Hamas. ](/news/2016/05/5/a-palestinian-woman-is-killed-and-another-person-is-injured-in-the-gaza-strip-by-tank-fire-from-israel-israel-said-it-responded-to-mortar-r.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
5. [Indonesian President Joko "Jokowi" Widodo calls on Muslim leaders at the  Organisation of Islamic Cooperation (OIC) summit meeting in Jakarta to  unite and be part of the solution on Palestine, noting the entire world is concerned about its deteriorating situation. Jokowi also criticizes what he calls Israel's "unilateral and illegal policies." ](/news/2016/03/7/indonesian-president-joko-ajokowia-widodo-calls-on-muslim-leaders-at-the-organisation-of-islamic-cooperation-oic-summit-meeting-in-ja.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
6. [Israel claims its forces shot dead five Palestinian attackers in three separate incidents. ](/news/2016/02/14/israel-claims-its-forces-shot-dead-five-palestinian-attackers-in-three-separate-incidents.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
7. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's speech yesterday that the Grand Mufti of Jerusalem persuaded the Nazis to adopt their Final Solution to exterminate 6 million Jews is reproached by Holocaust experts and survivors, historians, world leaders, etc. Palestine Liberation Organization's Saeb Erakat and Israel's Zionist Union party's Isaac Herzog both blasted Netanyahu's claim. German Chancellor Angela Merkel said, "All Germans know the history of the murderous race mania of the Nazis that led to ... the Holocaust."  Mehnaz Afridi, a Manhattan College professor who promotes Muslim-Jewish dialogue said, "this ... really is a terrible statement to make at this time." ](/news/2015/10/21/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-s-speech-yesterday-that-the-grand-mufti-of-jerusalem-persuaded-the-nazis-to-adopt-their-final-solu.md) _Context: Israel, Saeb Erakat_
8. [Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian Authority, states that Palestine will no longer abide by the Oslo accords and claims that Israel has not been complying with them. ](/news/2015/09/30/mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-states-that-palestine-will-no-longer-abide-by-the-oslo-accords-and-claims-that-is.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
9. [Palestinian youth and Israeli riot police clash at the Al-Aqsa Mosque as the Muslims attacked Jews celebrating Tisha B'Av with rocks and firecrackers and barricaded themselves inside the mosque. ](/news/2015/07/26/palestinian-youth-and-israeli-riot-police-clash-at-the-al-aqsa-mosque-as-the-muslims-attacked-jews-celebrating-tisha-b-av-with-rocks-and-fir.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
10. [Sweden officially recognises Palestine as a sovereign state. Israel recalls its ambassador to Sweden. ](/news/2014/10/30/sweden-officially-recognises-palestine-as-a-sovereign-state-israel-recalls-its-ambassador-to-sweden.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
