### [2010-12-13](/news/2010/12/13/index.md)

# U.S. senator Bernie Sanders gives an 8.5 hour  senate speech denouncing the extension of tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans, citing the very large  inequality in income and  wealth and its growth, and that America is close to being a Banana republic. 




### Source:

1. [Democracy Now!](http://www.democracynow.org/2010/12/13/bernie_sanders_denounces_obama_gop_tax)

### Related:

1. [Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders endorses Democratic Party rival Hillary Clinton for president at a rally in New Hampshire, effectively suspending his presidential campaign. ](/news/2016/07/12/vermont-senator-bernie-sanders-endorses-democratic-party-rival-hillary-clinton-for-president-at-a-rally-in-new-hampshire-effectively-suspen.md) _Context: Bernie Sanders, Senator_
2. [Tulsi Gabbard resigns as vice-chair of the Democratic National Committee and endorses Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders. ](/news/2016/02/28/tulsi-gabbard-resigns-as-vice-chair-of-the-democratic-national-committee-and-endorses-vermont-senator-bernie-sanders.md) _Context: Bernie Sanders, Senator_
3. [Former New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg is seriously considering a possible independent presidential run if Donald Trump or Texas Senator Ted Cruz face Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders in the general election. ](/news/2016/01/23/former-new-york-city-mayor-michael-bloomberg-is-seriously-considering-a-possible-independent-presidential-run-if-donald-trump-or-texas-senat.md) _Context: Bernie Sanders, Senator_
4. [The Democratic National Committee suspends Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders' presidential campaign's access to its national voter database after a member of his campaign staff took advantage of a software error to review Hillary Clinton's private campaign data. In response, the campaign files a lawsuit. ](/news/2015/12/18/the-democratic-national-committee-suspends-vermont-senator-bernie-sanders-presidential-campaign-s-access-to-its-national-voter-database-aft.md) _Context: Bernie Sanders, Senator_
5. [Nominally independent Senator Bernie Sanders from Vermont announces that he will be seeking the Democratic Party nomination in the US Presidential election. ](/news/2015/04/29/nominally-independent-senator-bernie-sanders-from-vermont-announces-that-he-will-be-seeking-the-democratic-party-nomination-in-the-us-presid.md) _Context: Bernie Sanders, Senator_
6. [Neil Gorsuch is confirmed as the 113th justice of the Supreme Court of the United States by a 54-45 vote in the United States Senate after invocation of the "nuclear option". ](/news/2017/04/7/neil-gorsuch-is-confirmed-as-the-113th-justice-of-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-by-a-54a45-vote-in-the-united-states-senate-after.md) _Context: Senator_
7. [Speaking for the National Rifle Association, President of the United States Donald Trump says Pocahontas may be his Democratic opponent in the 2020 United States presidential election, apparently referring to Senator Elizabeth Warren. ](/news/2017/04/28/speaking-for-the-national-rifle-association-president-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-says-pocahontas-may-be-his-democratic-opponent-in-t.md) _Context: Senator_
8. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _Context: Senator_
9. [The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-primaries-neurosurgeon-ben-carson-and-gover.md) _Context: Senator_
10. [The former Democratic National Committee chair and ex-CNN contributor Donna Brazile admits that she had forwarded some debate questions to Hillary Clinton's campaign during last year's Democratic primary before two debates with Bernie Sanders. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-former-democratic-national-committee-chair-and-ex-cnn-contributor-donna-brazile-admits-that-she-had-forwarded-some-debate-questions-to-h.md) _Context: Bernie Sanders_
