
Formats: [HTML](/news/2002/10/16/the-cabinet-of-balkenende-resigns-because-of-the-constant-internal-fighting-in-the-new-party-lpf-the-other-two-governing-parties-cda-and.html)  [JSON](/news/2002/10/16/the-cabinet-of-balkenende-resigns-because-of-the-constant-internal-fighting-in-the-new-party-lpf-the-other-two-governing-parties-cda-and.json)  [XML](/news/2002/10/16/the-cabinet-of-balkenende-resigns-because-of-the-constant-internal-fighting-in-the-new-party-lpf-the-other-two-governing-parties-cda-and.xml)  

### [2002-10-16](/news/2002/10/16/index.md)

##### Politics of the Netherlands
#  The cabinet of Balkenende resigns. Because of the constant internal fighting in the new party LPF, the other two governing parties, CDA and VVD decided that continuing the coalition was impossible. It seems almost certain that there will be new elections, possibly as early as December. Officials in Brussels fear that the collapse in the Netherlands will delay the expansion of the EU. The Netherlands cabinet was already divided on the issue and if new elections are to be held it may take 4-5 months before another cabinet is installed that is willing to make a decision.




### Changes:

1. [ The cabinet of Balkenende resigns. Because of the constant internal fighting in the new party LPF, the other two governing parties, CDA and VVD decided that continuing the coalition was impossible. It seems almost certain that there will be new elections, possibly as early as December. Officials in Brussels fear that the collapse in the Netherlands will delay the expansion of the EU. The Netherlands cabinet was already divided on the issue and if new elections are to be held it may take 4-5 months before another cabinet is installed that is willing to make a decision.](/news/2002/10/16/the-cabinet-of-balkenende-resigns-because-of-the-constant-internal-fighting-in-the-new-party-lpf-the-other-two-governing-parties-cda-an.md) _2017-08-25 03:15:15 (First version)_
2. [ Politics of the Netherlands: The cabinet of Balkenende resigns. Because of the constant internal fighting in the new party LPF, the other two governing parties, CDA and VVD decided that continuing the coalition was impossible. It seems almost certain that there will be new elections, possibly as early as December.: Officials in Brussels fear that the collapse in the Netherlands will delay the expansion of the EU. The Netherlands cabinet was already divided on the issue and if new elections are to be held it may take 4-5 months before another cabinet is installed that is willing to make a decision.](/news/2002/10/16/politics-of-the-netherlands-the-cabinet-of-balkenende-resigns-because-of-the-constant-internal-fighting-in-the-new-party-lpf-the-other-t.md) _2017-08-27 03:15:16 (Update)_
2. [ The cabinet of Balkenende resigns. Because of the constant internal fighting in the new party LPF, the other two governing parties, CDA and VVD decided that continuing the coalition was impossible. It seems almost certain that there will be new elections, possibly as early as December. Officials in Brussels fear that the collapse in the Netherlands will delay the expansion of the EU. The Netherlands cabinet was already divided on the issue and if new elections are to be held it may take 4-5 months before another cabinet is installed that is willing to make a decision.](/news/2002/10/16/the-cabinet-of-balkenende-resigns-because-of-the-constant-internal-fighting-in-the-new-party-lpf-the-other-two-governing-parties-cda-and.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [ Politics of the Netherlands: General elections for the lower house of parliament were held. The Lijst Pim Fortuyn (LPF) was the great winner, the party gained 26 of the 150 seats, a historic achievement for a new party. The CDA (Christen Democratisch Appl) led by Jan Peter Balkenende became the greatest party (43 seats). The great losers were the coalition parties of the ruling "purple coalition" (PvdA, labour party; VVD, liberals; D'66, leftist liberals). These parties were diminished to half of their former size. Ad Melkert (PvdA) resigns as political leader of his party.](/news/2002/05/15/politics-of-the-netherlands-general-elections-for-the-lower-house-of-parliament-were-held-the-lijst-pim-fortuyn-lpf-was-the-great-winne.md) _Context: LPF, Politics of the Netherlands, VVD_
2. [Cuba and the European Union sign an accord in Brussels to normalize relations, formally ending the Common Position which was adopted by the Council of the European Union in 1996. ](/news/2016/12/12/cuba-and-the-european-union-sign-an-accord-in-brussels-to-normalize-relations-formally-ending-the-common-position-which-was-adopted-by-the.md) _Context: Brussels, European Union_
3. [Belgian Minister of Transportation Jacqueline Galant resigns in the wake of the recent bombings that shook Brussels last March. Galant resigned amid accusations her ministry ignored EU criticism of security at Belgium's airports. ](/news/2016/04/15/belgian-minister-of-transportation-jacqueline-galant-resigns-in-the-wake-of-the-recent-bombings-that-shook-brussels-last-march-galant-resig.md) _Context: Brussels, European Union_
4. [The European Union and Turkey agree on broad principles for a plan to ease the migration crisis which includes returning thousands of migrants to Turkey. For this, the EU will swiftly ease visa requirements for Turks and speed up Ankara's EU accession talks. A final agreement is to be ready for next week's two-day EU summit in Brussels, Belgium. ](/news/2016/03/8/the-european-union-and-turkey-agree-on-broad-principles-for-a-plan-to-ease-the-migration-crisis-which-includes-returning-thousands-of-migran.md) _Context: Brussels, European Union_
5. [Today's European Union summit with Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu in Brussels, Belgium, will discuss ways to stanch the flow of European-bound migrants. ](/news/2016/03/7/today-s-european-union-summit-with-turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-in-brussels-belgium-will-discuss-ways-to-stanch-the-flow-of-eur.md) _Context: Brussels, European Union_
