### [2002-10-16](/news/2002/10/16/index.md)

#  U.S. plans to invade Iraq: Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Iraq Resolution of 2002, was signed into law by President George W. Bush.




### Related:

1. [A private note, due to remain secret despite calls for it to be published by the chairman of the Iraq Inquiry, shows former British prime minister Tony Blair privately assured former American president George W. Bush "you can count on us" before they jointly invaded Iraq prior to the Iraq War. ](/news/2011/01/21/a-private-note-due-to-remain-secret-despite-calls-for-it-to-be-published-by-the-chairman-of-the-iraq-inquiry-shows-former-british-prime-mi.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq War_
2. [ War in Iraq:: U.S. President George W. Bush makes a surprise visit to Iraq and addresses military leaders and the troops, saying that with success, a U.S. Iraq troop cut is possible. ](/news/2007/09/3/war-in-iraq-u-s-president-george-w-bush-makes-a-surprise-visit-to-iraq-and-addresses-military-leaders-and-the-troops-saying-that-with.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq War_
3. [ Iraq War: U.S. President George W. Bush meets with Democratic Party officials in Congress to try find ways to fund the Iraq War. ](/news/2007/05/2/iraq-war-u-s-president-george-w-bush-meets-with-democratic-party-officials-in-congress-to-try-find-ways-to-fund-the-iraq-war.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq War_
4. [ Iraq War:: On the fourth anniversary of his "Mission Accomplished" speech, President George W. Bush, citing the provisions setting a deadline for the withdrawal of U.S. troops, vetoes an Iraq War funding measure that also improves resting, training and equipping standards for combat troops before their deployment, and sets binding benchmarks for the Iraqi government. ](/news/2007/05/1/iraq-war-on-the-fourth-anniversary-of-his-mission-accomplished-speech-president-george-w-bush-citing-the-provisions-setting-a-deadli.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq War_
5. [ Iraq War:: The United States House of Representatives votes in favor of withdrawing all U.S. troops from Iraq by August 2008. President Bush promises to veto the bill. ](/news/2007/03/23/iraq-war-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-withdrawing-all-u-s-troops-from-iraq-by-august-2008-president-bus.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq War_
6. [ Iraq War:: Democratic Party members of the United States Senate are planning a challenge to the authority given to President Bush in 2002. ](/news/2007/02/23/iraq-war-democratic-party-members-of-the-united-states-senate-are-planning-a-challenge-to-the-authority-given-to-president-bush-in-2002.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq War_
7. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Presidential contender and U. S. Senator Hillary Clinton (D-NY) has called for a 90-day deadline to start withdrawing U.S. troops from Iraq. She states in a video on her website: "If George Bush doesn't end the war before he leaves office, when I'm president, I will." ](/news/2007/02/17/united-states-presidential-election-2008-presidential-contender-and-u-s-senator-hillary-clinton-d-ny-has-called-for-a-90-day-deadline.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq War_
8. [ The United States House of Representatives passes House Concurrent Resolution 63; a non-binding resolution criticising U.S. President George W. Bush's Surge Plan in Iraq. ](/news/2007/02/16/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-passes-house-concurrent-resolution-63-a-non-binding-resolution-criticising-u-s-president-georg.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq War_
9. [ The New Way Forward in Iraq War leadership:: U.S. National Intelligence Director John Negroponte resigns. United States President George W. Bush appoints him Deputy Secretary of State according to officials. ](/news/2007/01/4/the-new-way-forward-in-iraq-war-leadership-u-s-national-intelligence-director-john-negroponte-resigns-united-states-president-george-w.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq War_
10. [ U.S. President George W. Bush announces, in a televised address, his strategy change in response to Iraq Study Group criticisms. This will involve a surge of 21,500 more troops to fight in the War in Iraq. ](/news/2007/01/10/u-s-president-george-w-bush-announces-in-a-televised-address-his-strategy-change-in-response-to-iraq-study-group-criticisms-this-will.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq War_
