### [2010-09-11](/news/2010/09/11/index.md)

# At least 8 police officers are killed and several others are wounded in San Miguel, Putumayo, Colombia, near its border with Ecuador. 2 of the perpetrators are then killed in the jungle. 

Left-wing rebels in Colombia kill at least eight police officers and wound several more in an attack on a town near the border with Ecuador.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-latin-america-11268352)

### Related:

1. [A landslide in Colombia's southwestern border department of Putumayo sends mud and debris crashing onto houses killing over 250 people and injuring at least 400 others. In addition, 200 people are missing. ](/news/2017/04/1/a-landslide-in-colombia-s-southwestern-border-department-of-putumayo-sends-mud-and-debris-crashing-onto-houses-killing-over-250-people-and-i.md) _Context: Colombia, Putumayo_
2. [A magnitude 7.8 earthquake strikes off the coast of Ecuador, near the town of Muisne. The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center issues a tsunami alert for coastal areas of Ecuador and Colombia. At least 42 people are reported dead with deaths reported in the cities of Manta, Guayaquil and Portoviejo. ](/news/2016/04/16/a-magnitude-7-8-earthquake-strikes-off-the-coast-of-ecuador-near-the-town-of-muisne-the-pacific-tsunami-warning-center-issues-a-tsunami-al.md) _Context: Colombia, Ecuador_
3. [ On an official visit to Colombia, Mexican President Felipe Calderon offers his country's mediation in the conflict between that country, Ecuador and Venezuela. ](/news/2009/08/13/on-an-official-visit-to-colombia-mexican-president-felipe-caldera3n-offers-his-countryas-mediation-in-the-conflict-between-that-country.md) _Context: Colombia, Ecuador_
4. [ Footage of FARC leader Jorge Briceno saying he financed Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa's 2006 campaign is broadcast on Colombian television. ](/news/2009/07/17/footage-of-farc-leader-jorge-bricea-o-saying-he-financed-ecuadorian-president-rafael-correa-s-2006-campaign-is-broadcast-on-colombian-telev.md) _Context: Colombia, Ecuador_
5. [ Colombia and Ecuador restore relations following the Andean diplomatic crisis in March. ](/news/2008/06/6/colombia-and-ecuador-restore-relations-following-the-andean-diplomatic-crisis-in-march.md) _Context: Colombia, Ecuador_
6. [ Ecuadorean police arrest four men including three Colombians on suspicion of plotting an assassination of the President of Ecuador Rafael Correa. ](/news/2008/06/12/ecuadorean-police-arrest-four-men-including-three-colombians-on-suspicion-of-plotting-an-assassination-of-the-president-of-ecuador-rafael-c.md) _Context: Colombia, Ecuador_
7. [ 2008 Andean diplomatic crisis: Interpol confirms that Colombia did not tamper with computer files in hardware seized from Raul Reyes. This alleged that Venezuela and Ecuador provided funding, assistance and drug routes to the terrorist group Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia. However, Interpol stated that they had not looked at the content of the files, only their authenticity. ](/news/2008/05/15/2008-andean-diplomatic-crisis-interpol-confirms-that-colombia-did-not-tamper-with-computer-files-in-hardware-seized-from-raul-reyes-this.md) _Context: Colombia, Ecuador_
8. [ The President of Venezuela Hugo Chvez calls for a cooling of tensions with Colombia at a summit of the Rio Group presidents in the Dominican Republic. The Rio Group later approves a declaration aimed at reducing tensions between, Ecuador, Venezuela and Colombia. ](/news/2008/03/7/the-president-of-venezuela-hugo-chavez-calls-for-a-cooling-of-tensions-with-colombia-at-a-summit-of-the-rio-group-presidents-in-the-dominic.md) _Context: Colombia, Ecuador_
9. [ South American diplomatic crisis: President Hugo Chvez orders the closure of the Venezuelan embassy in Colombia and moves ten battalions to the Colombian-Venezuelan border in response to the killing of FARC leader Ral Reyes in Ecuador by Colombian armed forces the previous day. Rafael Correa, the President of Ecuador, orders troops to the Colombian border. The Colombian government accuses Correa of having "a relationship and commitments" with FARC. ](/news/2008/03/2/south-american-diplomatic-crisis-president-hugo-chavez-orders-the-closure-of-the-venezuelan-embassy-in-colombia-and-moves-ten-battalions-t.md) _Context: Colombia, Ecuador_
10. [ The Organization of American States condemns Colombia's recent raid into Ecuador's territory as "a clear violation of the OAS charter."  ](/news/2008/03/18/the-organization-of-american-states-condemns-colombia-s-recent-raid-into-ecuador-s-territory-as-a-clear-violation-of-the-oas-charter.md) _Context: Colombia, Ecuador_
