### [2010-09-11](/news/2010/09/11/index.md)

# Muslims around the world celebrate the feast of Eid al-Fitr marking the end of the holy month of Ramadan. 

Tens of thousands of people across Indian-administered Kashmir join protests against Indian rule, following prayers to celebrate the end of Ramadan.


### Source:

1. [AP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5hBXPDmyP-c6weMoMhNOEZLM75DhAD9I5A4CO1)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-south-asia-11271883)

### Related:

1. [This week, the Gambia and Tanzania outlawed child marriages. Friday, the Tanzanian High Court -- in a case filed by the "Msichana Initiative", a lobbying group that advocates for girls' right to education -- ruled in favor of protecting girls from the harms of early marriage. And during a feast ending the Muslim holy month of Ramadan on Wednesday, The Gambian President Yahya Jammeh announced that child and forced marriages are banned. Jammeh called on the National Assembly to quickly take up the issue. ](/news/2016/07/9/this-week-the-gambia-and-tanzania-outlawed-child-marriages-friday-the-tanzanian-high-court-a-in-a-case-filed-by-the-msichana-initiativ.md) _Context: Muslim, Ramadan_
2. [Thousands of Indonesians are stranded on the Eid al-Fitr holiday at the end of Ramadan as five airports remain closed as a result of the eruption of the Raung and Gamalama volcanoes. ](/news/2015/07/17/thousands-of-indonesians-are-stranded-on-the-eid-al-fitr-holiday-at-the-end-of-ramadan-as-five-airports-remain-closed-as-a-result-of-the-eru.md) _Context: Eid al-Fitr, Ramadan_
3. [A car bomb in Khan Bani Saad City massacres more than 100 people, mostly Shias, celebrating the Eid after end of Ramadan. ISIL claims responsibility. ](/news/2015/07/17/a-car-bomb-in-khan-bani-saad-city-massacres-more-than-100-people-mostly-shias-celebrating-the-eid-after-end-of-ramadan-isil-claims-respon.md) _Context: Eid al-Fitr, Ramadan_
4. [Muslims celebrate Eid ul-Fitr marking the end of Ramadan, the month of fasting. In Indonesia, however, the government rules that the end of Ramadan should be delayed one day. ](/news/2011/08/30/muslims-celebrate-eid-ul-fitr-marking-the-end-of-ramadan-the-month-of-fasting-in-indonesia-however-the-government-rules-that-the-end-of.md) _Context: Muslim, Ramadan_
5. [ A Malaysian Muslim woman, Kartika Sari Dewi Shukarno, who was convicted of drinking alcohol, is granted a reprieve until after Ramadan. ](/news/2009/08/24/a-malaysian-muslim-woman-kartika-sari-dewi-shukarno-who-was-convicted-of-drinking-alcohol-is-granted-a-reprieve-until-after-ramadan.md) _Context: Muslim, Ramadan_
6. [ Abu Hamza al-Muhajir, the new leader of al-Qaida in Iraq, urges Muslims to make the month of Ramadan a "month of holy war" in an audiotape posted on an Islamic web site. ](/news/2006/09/28/abu-hamza-al-muhajir-the-new-leader-of-al-qaida-in-iraq-urges-muslims-to-make-the-month-of-ramadan-a-month-of-holy-war-in-an-audiotape.md) _Context: Muslim, Ramadan_
7. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Muslim_
8. [CNN denies authenticity of footage documenting its employees manufacturing a protest using unrepresentative Muslim actors. [http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/jun/5/brian-stelter-cnn-deny-network-staged-london-anti-/ (Washington Times) ]](/news/2017/06/3/cnn-denies-authenticity-of-footage-documenting-its-employees-manufacturing-a-protest-using-unrepresentative-muslim-actors-http-www-washi.md) _Context: Muslim_
9. [Voters in Albania go to the polls in an election important to the country's European Union candidacy, with both the ruling Socialist Party and the rival Democratic Party looking to gain a majority in the country's parliament. Voting is extended by one hour because of Eid al-Fitr celebrations and 39{{nbsp}}degC (102{{nbsp}}degF) degree temperatures. ](/news/2017/06/25/voters-in-albania-go-to-the-polls-in-an-election-important-to-the-country-s-european-union-candidacy-with-both-the-ruling-socialist-party-a.md) _Context: Eid al-Fitr_
10. [Six people are injured after a car ploughs into Eid al-Fitr worshippers in Newcastle upon Tyne, England. Police do not believe terrorism is involved. ](/news/2017/06/25/six-people-are-injured-after-a-car-ploughs-into-eid-al-fitr-worshippers-in-newcastle-upon-tyne-england-police-do-not-believe-terrorism-is.md) _Context: Eid al-Fitr_
