### [2010-09-11](/news/2010/09/11/index.md)

# The United States commemorates the anniversary of the September 11 attacks with events in New York City, the Pentagon Memorial in Washington D.C. and in Shanksville, Pennsylvania, near where United Airlines Flight 93 crashed. 

Remembrance ceremonies, marred by tensions over a pastor&#039;s threat to burn the Koran, will take place on the ninth anniversary of the 9/11 attacks.


### Source:

1. [AFP via ABC News](http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2010/09/11/3009129.htm?WT.mc_id=newsmail)

### Related:

1. [A group of United States mayors forms ''"Mayors Against Discrimination"'' in the wake of  recent discriminatory laws enacted  in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminatory-laws-enacted-in-north-carol.md) _Context: New York City, United States, Washington, D.C._
2. [United States counterterrorism officials investigate reports of a potential terrorist threat against either New York City or Washington DC, linked to the 10th anniversary of the September 11 attacks on Sunday. ](/news/2011/09/8/united-states-counterterrorism-officials-investigate-reports-of-a-potential-terrorist-threat-against-either-new-york-city-or-washington-dc.md) _Context: New York City, September 11 attacks, United States_
3. [The United States approves more than $4 billion assistance for rescuers and residents whose health was affected after the September 11 attacks in New York City in 2001. ](/news/2010/12/22/the-united-states-approves-more-than-4-billion-assistance-for-rescuers-and-residents-whose-health-was-affected-after-the-september-11-attac.md) _Context: New York City, September 11 attacks, United States_
4. [ Three British men are indicted by a United States court in a 2004 alleged plot to destroy financial institutions in the USA, including such notable landmarks as the New York Stock Exchange in New York City, the Prudential building in New Jersey, and the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund in Washington, D.C..  The U.S. claims that one is a senior Al-Qaeda member. ](/news/2005/04/12/three-british-men-are-indicted-by-a-united-states-court-in-a-2004-alleged-plot-to-destroy-financial-institutions-in-the-usa-including-such.md) _Context: New York City, United States, Washington, D.C._
5. [The Police Department of Everett, Washington, identifies and returns the American flag from the September 11 attacks to Ground Zero, the World Trade Center site in New York City. ](/news/2016/09/8/the-police-department-of-everett-washington-identifies-and-returns-the-american-flag-from-the-september-11-attacks-to-ground-zero-the-wor.md) _Context: New York City, September 11 attacks_
6. [Hillary Clinton's doctor says she is being treated for pneumonia and dehydration after the Democratic Party presidential candidate fell ill and abruptly left a ceremony in New York City honoring the 15th anniversary of the September 11 attacks. ](/news/2016/09/11/hillary-clinton-s-doctor-says-she-is-being-treated-for-pneumonia-and-dehydration-after-the-democratic-party-presidential-candidate-fell-ill.md) _Context: New York City, September 11 attacks_
7. [In response to the annual military drills, North Korea threatens to destroy Seoul and Washington, D.C. through nuclear weapons if provoked. Both South Korea and the United States insist the drills are for defense. ](/news/2016/08/23/in-response-to-the-annual-military-drills-north-korea-threatens-to-destroy-seoul-and-washington-d-c-through-nuclear-weapons-if-provoked.md) _Context: United States, Washington, D.C._
8. [In what is the deadliest mass shooting and the worst terror attack since 9/11 to occur in the United States, a mass shooting at a gay nightclub in the U.S. city of Orlando, Florida, kills at least 50 people, including the shooter, and injures 53. ](/news/2016/06/12/in-what-is-the-deadliest-mass-shooting-and-the-worst-terror-attack-since-9-11-to-occur-in-the-united-states-a-mass-shooting-at-a-gay-nightc.md) _Context: September 11 attacks, United States_
9. [In the United States, 14 of 175 cars of a CSX freight train derail in northeastern Washington, D.C., near a city subway station. There were three leaks; one, sodium hydroxide, is a hazardous material.  All leaks, and a nearby gas line that was ruptured, are contained. Officials are unable to say when cleanup will be completed nor when train service will be restored. There were no injuries reported, and there was no residential evacuation. Amtrak and a Baltimore-Washington commuter rail service also use the line.  ](/news/2016/05/1/in-the-united-states-14-of-175-cars-of-a-csx-freight-train-derail-in-northeastern-washington-d-c-near-a-city-subway-station-there-were.md) _Context: United States, Washington, D.C._
10. [Two people are killed and 35 injured when a United States Amtrak passenger train on the Palmetto route traveling from New York City to Savannah, Georgia, with 341 passengers and seven crew on board, derails in Chester, Pennsylvania, after striking a backhoe that was on the track. Local media reports the deceased are veteran Amtrak workers. Area hospitals are treating the injured; none in life-threatening condition. ](/news/2016/04/3/two-people-are-killed-and-35-injured-when-a-united-states-amtrak-passenger-train-on-the-palmetto-route-traveling-from-new-york-city-to-savan.md) _Context: New York City, United States_
