### [2000-04-25](/news/2000/04/25/index.md)

#  The State of Vermont passes HB847, legalizing Civil Unions for same-sex couples.




### Related:

1. [Legality of cannabis: Vermont governor Phil Scott vetoes a bill legalizing marijuana in the state. ](/news/2017/05/24/legality-of-cannabis-vermont-governor-phil-scott-vetoes-a-bill-legalizing-marijuana-in-the-state.md) _Context: Vermont_
2. [United States presidential election, 2016: Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders endorses Democratic Party rival Hillary Clinton for president at a rally in New Hampshire, effectively suspending his presidential campaign. ](/news/2016/07/12/united-states-presidential-election-2016-vermont-senator-bernie-sanders-endorses-democratic-party-rival-hillary-clinton-for-president-at-a.md) _Context: Vermont_
3. [Recognition of same-sex unions in Italy: The Italian Parliament gives final approval to legislation recognizing civil unions of same-sex couples. ](/news/2016/05/11/recognition-of-same-sex-unions-in-italy-the-italian-parliament-gives-final-approval-to-legislation-recognizing-civil-unions-of-same-sex-cou.md) _Context: civil union_
4. [United States presidential election, 2016: Voters in the U.S. states of Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Colorado, Georgia, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas, Vermont, Virginia, and the overseas territory of American Samoa go to the polls to vote on Super Tuesday. ](/news/2016/03/1/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-alabama-alaska-arkansas-colorado-georgia-massachusetts-minneso.md) _Context: Vermont_
5. [United States presidential election, 2016: Tulsi Gabbard resigns as vice-chair of the Democratic National Committee and endorses Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders. ](/news/2016/02/28/united-states-presidential-election-2016-tulsi-gabbard-resigns-as-vice-chair-of-the-democratic-national-committee-and-endorses-vermont-sen.md) _Context: Vermont_
6. [An estimated half-million Italians protest in Rome's Circus Maximus against pending legislation that would legalize same-sex unions. The legislation would extend to civil unions the same rights they would have under marriage, including adoption of children. ](/news/2016/01/30/an-estimated-half-million-italians-protest-in-rome-s-circus-maximus-against-pending-legislation-that-would-legalize-same-sex-unions-the-leg.md) _Context: civil union_
7. [United States presidential election, 2016: Former New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg is seriously considering a possible independent presidential run if Donald Trump or Texas Senator Ted Cruz face Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders in the general election. ](/news/2016/01/23/united-states-presidential-election-2016-former-new-york-city-mayor-michael-bloomberg-is-seriously-considering-a-possible-independent-pres.md) _Context: Vermont_
8. [United States presidential election, 2016: Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders presidential campaign fires national data director Josh Uretsky, and suspends two staffers following Friday's announcement the campaign had improperly accessed and downloaded voter data belonging to Hillary Clinton's campaign. NBC News reports at least four individuals affiliated with the campaign were involved in the breach, which occurred Wednesday. ](/news/2015/12/20/united-states-presidential-election-2016-vermont-senator-bernie-sanders-presidential-campaign-fires-national-data-director-josh-uretsky-a.md) _Context: Vermont_
9. [United States presidential election, 2016: The Democratic National Committee suspends Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders' presidential campaign's access to its national voter database after a member of his campaign staff took advantage of a software error to review Hillary Clinton-s private campaign data. In response, the campaign files a lawsuit. ](/news/2015/12/18/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-democratic-national-committee-suspends-vermont-senator-bernie-sanders-presidential-campaign.md) _Context: Vermont_
10. [Authorities from the Marshal's Service, the FBI, Customs, state and local police, and the Forest Police searching for 6 days in northeastern New York (about 25 miles south of the Canadian border, near Lake Champlain and Vermont, in the Adirondack Forest area, in Dannemora, New York and Plattsburgh, New York) for two high-risk murderers who staged an elaborate escape from the high-security Clinton Correctional Facility- the first there- the night of Friday, June 5, 2015 (it was discovered the next morning), using bloodhounds, find a scent and leftover evidence that could be from the two, Richard Matt and David Sweat. ](/news/2015/06/11/authorities-from-the-marshal-s-service-the-fbi-customs-state-and-local-police-and-the-forest-police-searching-for-6-days-in-northeastern.md) _Context: Vermont_
