### [2015-11-14](/news/2015/11/14/index.md)

# A U.S. airstrike on a compound in the Libyan port city of Derna is said to have killed Wisam al Zubaidi, also known as Abu Nabil al-Anbari, who commands the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's branch in Libya. A Pentagon official, speaking on condition of anonymity to discuss details of the operation, said the airstrike involved F-15 aircraft and was believed to have killed Zubaidi. He said the attack had been planned for some time. 

A US air strike has probably killed Abu Nabil, the &quot;senior leader&quot; of the Islamic State group in Libya, the Pentagon says.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-34823466)
2. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/us-officials-leader-of-islamic-state-in-libya-believed-killed-in-us-airstrike/2015/11/14/b42cb714-8af0-11e5-be39-0034bb576eee_story.html)

### Related:

1. [The United States launches airstrikes on ISIL positions in the Libyan city of Sirte following a request from the UN-backed Government of National Accord. Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj, in a televised address, says the strikes have caused "heavy ISIL losses". ](/news/2016/08/1/the-united-states-launches-airstrikes-on-isil-positions-in-the-libyan-city-of-sirte-following-a-request-from-the-un-backed-government-of-nat.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), United States_
2. [United States Air Force warplanes carry out airstrikes on ISIL in western Libya, near the Tunisian border, reportedly killing at least 38 people. ](/news/2016/02/19/united-states-air-force-warplanes-carry-out-airstrikes-on-isil-in-western-libya-near-the-tunisian-border-reportedly-killing-at-least-38-pe.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Military intervention against ISIL_
3. [U.S. B-2 stealth bombers strike two ISIL camps, south of the city of Sirte, Libya, killing more than 80 militants, according to United States Secretary of Defense Ash Carter. ](/news/2017/01/19/u-s-b-2-stealth-bombers-strike-two-isil-camps-south-of-the-city-of-sirte-libya-killing-more-than-80-militants-according-to-united-state.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), United States_
4. [ A U.S. airstrike in Al-Raqqah, Syria, kills four ISIL leaders, two of which were confirmed to have roles in the November 2015 Paris Attacks. ](/news/2016/12/14/a-u-s-airstrike-in-al-raqqah-syria-kills-four-isil-leaders-two-of-which-were-confirmed-to-have-roles-in-the-november-2015-paris-attacks.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Military intervention against ISIL, United States_
5. [An ISIL sniper in Sirte, Libya, shoots dead Dutch photographer and war correspondent Jeroen Oerlemans. ](/news/2016/10/2/an-isil-sniper-in-sirte-libya-shoots-dead-dutch-photographer-and-war-correspondent-jeroen-oerlemans.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
6. [The United States announces it will be sending 560 more United States Armed Forces soldiers to Iraq to help fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/07/11/the-united-states-announces-it-will-be-sending-560-more-united-states-armed-forces-soldiers-to-iraq-to-help-fight-against-isil.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Military intervention against ISIL, United States_
7. [The Pentagon announces the death of Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant finance minister and deputy leader, Abu Ala al-Afri. ](/news/2016/03/25/the-pentagon-announces-the-death-of-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-finance-minister-and-deputy-leader-abu-ala-al-afri.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Military intervention against ISIL, Pentagon_
8. [Senior Libyan military officials say French special forces are on the ground in Benghazi helping Libyan National Army troops fight ISIL militants. They said that the French forces, along with American and British teams, are setting up an operations room inside Benina International Airport in Benina. The French defense ministry declined to comment, citing a policy not to comment on special forces' activities. ](/news/2016/02/24/senior-libyan-military-officials-say-french-special-forces-are-on-the-ground-in-benghazi-helping-libyan-national-army-troops-fight-isil-mili.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
9. [Two Serbian embassy staff abducted in Libya in November 2015 are believed to have been among dozens killed in yesterday's U.S. airstrike on a ISIL camp in Sabratha, according to Serbia's Foreign Minister Ivica Dacic. ](/news/2016/02/20/two-serbian-embassy-staff-abducted-in-libya-in-november-2015-are-believed-to-have-been-among-dozens-killed-in-yesterday-s-u-s-airstrike-on.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), United States_
10. [The Islamic State's Libyan branch continues attacks on Libya's oil ports of Sidra and Ra's Lanuf, resulting in at least 10 security personnel deaths and 40 injured. The National Oil Corporation (NOC) reports that fires continue to rage in both Sidra and Ra's Lanuf after oil storage tanks were hit by shells.  ](/news/2016/01/6/the-islamic-state-s-libyan-branch-continues-attacks-on-libya-s-oil-ports-of-sidra-and-ra-s-lanuf-resulting-in-at-least-10-security-personne.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
