### [2015-11-14](/news/2015/11/14/index.md)

#  China-Indonesia relations: Territorial disputes in the South China Sea: Indonesia announces that it is planning to take China to court over the Natuna Islands. 




### Source:

1. [Forbes](http://www.forbes.com/sites/timdaiss/2015/11/12/indonesia-ups-the-ante-in-disputed-south-china-sea-oil-and-gas-lurks-in-the-background/)

### Related:

1. [South China Sea disputes: Indonesia renames part of the South China Sea as "North Natuna Sea," angering China. ](/news/2017/07/15/south-china-sea-disputes-indonesia-renames-part-of-the-south-china-sea-as-north-natuna-sea-angering-china.md) _Context: China, Indonesia, Natuna_
2. [United Nations Ocean Conference: At a United Nations-Oceans summit, delegates from China, Indonesia, the Philippines and Thailand, four of the top polluters of plastic into the oceans, pledge to reduce their levels of oceanic plastic pollution. ](/news/2017/06/8/united-nations-ocean-conference-at-a-united-nations-oceans-summit-delegates-from-china-indonesia-the-philippines-and-thailand-four-of-t.md) _Context: China, Indonesia_
3. [The Philippines clarifies a controversial remark about a potential "war" with China amid criticism from Filipinos. ](/news/2017/05/22/the-philippines-clarifies-a-controversial-remark-about-a-potential-war-with-china-amid-criticism-from-filipinos.md) _Context: China, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
4. [An Indonesian maritime patrol boat, the "KM Hiu Macan 001", intercepts five boats and arrested 55 Vietnamese crew members for allegedly poaching off Natuna Islands, but after an unexpected aggressive intervention by Vietnamese coast guards forces the Indonesian authorities to back off, release the arrested men and return to base empty handed. ](/news/2017/05/21/an-indonesian-maritime-patrol-boat-the-km-hiu-macan-001-intercepts-five-boats-and-arrested-55-vietnamese-crew-members-for-allegedly-poac.md) _Context: Indonesia, Natuna_
5. ["Philippines v. China": Chinese vessels are seen positioned near the disputed Scarborough Shoal off the coast of the Philippines. ](/news/2016/09/5/philippines-v-china-chinese-vessels-are-seen-positioned-near-the-disputed-scarborough-shoal-off-the-coast-of-the-philippines.md) _Context: China, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
6. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea: China's People's Liberation Army Air Force says it has conducted "combat patrols" near the disputed Spratly Islands and Scarborough Shoal in the South China Sea as part of an effort to normalize such drills and respond to security threats. Xian H-6 strategic bombers and Su-30 fighter jets took part in the patrols, according to Xinhua News Agency. ](/news/2016/08/6/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-china-s-people-s-liberation-army-air-force-says-it-has-conducted-combat-patrols-near-the-disp.md) _Context: China, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
7. ["Philippines v. China": Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte says he would not press on for China to abide by the South China Sea ruling but he might do so in the future. ](/news/2016/08/30/philippines-v-china-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-says-he-would-not-press-on-for-china-to-abide-by-the-south-china-sea-ruling-bu.md) _Context: China, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
8. ["Philippines v. China": The Permanent Court of Arbitration rules in favor of the Philippines against China over territorial disputes in the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/07/12/philippines-v-china-the-permanent-court-of-arbitration-rules-in-favor-of-the-philippines-against-china-over-territorial-disputes-in-the.md) _Context: China, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
9. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea: Philippine general election, 2016: Presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte says he will set aside the Philippine claim on the Spratly islands and forge better economic relations with China. ](/news/2016/04/15/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-philippine-general-election-2016-presidential-candidate-rodrigo-duterte-says-he-will-set-asid.md) _Context: China, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
10. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea: Admiral John Richardson says the United States has seen Chinese activity around Scarborough Shoal, which China seized from the Philippines nearly four years ago, in the northern part of the Spratly archipelago of the South China Sea. An international court ruling on a case brought by the Philippines against China over its South China Sea claims is expected within a month. ](/news/2016/03/17/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-admiral-john-richardson-says-the-united-states-has-seen-chinese-activity-around-scarborough-sho.md) _Context: China, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
