### [2015-11-14](/news/2015/11/14/index.md)

#   Indonesia announces that it is planning to take China to court over the Natuna Islands. 




### Source:

1. [Forbes](http://www.forbes.com/sites/timdaiss/2015/11/12/indonesia-ups-the-ante-in-disputed-south-china-sea-oil-and-gas-lurks-in-the-background/)

### Related:

1. [''Philippines v. China''Chinese vessels are seen positioned near the disputed Scarborough Shoal off the coast of the Philippines. ](/news/2016/09/5/philippines-v-china-pchinese-vessels-are-seen-positioned-near-the-disputed-scarborough-shoal-off-the-coast-of-the-philippines.md) _Context: China, disputed_
2. [China's People's Liberation Army Air Force says it has conducted "combat patrols" near the disputed Spratly Islands and Scarborough Shoal in the South China Sea as part of an effort to normalize such drills and respond to security threats. Xian H-6 strategic bombers and Su-30 fighter jets took part in the patrols, according to Xinhua News Agency. ](/news/2016/08/6/china-s-people-s-liberation-army-air-force-says-it-has-conducted-combat-patrols-near-the-disputed-spratly-islands-and-scarborough-shoal-in.md) _Context: China, disputed_
3. [''Philippines v. China''Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte says he would not press on for China to abide by the South China Sea ruling but he might do so in the future. ](/news/2016/08/30/philippines-v-china-pphilippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-says-he-would-not-press-on-for-china-to-abide-by-the-south-china-sea-ruling-b.md) _Context: China, disputed_
4. [''Philippines v. China''The Permanent Court of Arbitration rules in favor of the Philippines against China over territorial disputes in the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/07/12/philippines-v-china-pthe-permanent-court-of-arbitration-rules-in-favor-of-the-philippines-against-china-over-territorial-disputes-in-the.md) _Context: China, disputed_
5. [Presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte says he will set aside the Philippine claim on the Spratly islands and forge better economic relations with China. ](/news/2016/04/15/presidential-candidate-rodrigo-duterte-says-he-will-set-aside-the-philippine-claim-on-the-spratly-islands-and-forge-better-economic-relation.md) _Context: China, disputed_
6. [Admiral John Richardson says the United States has seen Chinese activity around Scarborough Shoal, which China seized from the Philippines nearly four years ago, in the northern part of the Spratly archipelago of the South China Sea. An  international court ruling  on a case brought by the Philippines against China over its South China Sea claims is expected within a month. ](/news/2016/03/17/admiral-john-richardson-says-the-united-states-has-seen-chinese-activity-around-scarborough-shoal-which-china-seized-from-the-philippines-n.md) _Context: China, disputed_
7. [Vietnam is reported to be preparing for a possible military conflict with China over territorial claims in the South China Sea. ](/news/2015/12/20/vietnam-is-reported-to-be-preparing-for-a-possible-military-conflict-with-china-over-territorial-claims-in-the-south-china-sea.md) _Context: China, disputed_
8. [A U.S. B-52 long-range bomber on a routine mission over the South China Sea mistakenly flew within two nautical miles of an artificial island built by China near the Cuarteron Reef in the disputed Spratly Islands archipelago, according to a senior U.S. defense official. The Chinese Defense Ministry issues a statement accusing the U.S. of deliberately raising tensions in the disputed region. ](/news/2015/12/18/a-u-s-b-52-long-range-bomber-on-a-routine-mission-over-the-south-china-sea-mistakenly-flew-within-two-nautical-miles-of-an-artificial-islan.md) _Context: China, disputed_
9. [The United States announces a deal to sell $1.83 billion worth of arms to Taiwan, which includes two decommissioned U.S. Navy frigates, Assault Amphibious Vehicles, and surface-to-air missiles. China has also expressed its disapproval over the deal, claiming it would affect their internal affairs. ](/news/2015/12/16/the-united-states-announces-a-deal-to-sell-1-83-billion-worth-of-arms-to-taiwan-which-includes-two-decommissioned-u-s-navy-frigates-assa.md) _Context: China, disputed_
10. [U.S. officials say the U.S. Navy deliberately avoided military drills or other actions that could have further inflamed tensions with Beijing during the USS Lassen's patrol in the South China Sea last week.  For instance, the Lassen turned off its fire-control radars while transiting within 12 nautical miles of Subi Reef. On its part, the Chinese destroyer following the Lassen was, "very cordial the entire time ...  before and after the Spratly Islands transit," said the Lassen's commanding officer, Commander Robert Francis. ](/news/2015/11/6/u-s-officials-say-the-u-s-navy-deliberately-avoided-military-drills-or-other-actions-that-could-have-further-inflamed-tensions-with-beijin.md) _Context: China, disputed_
