### [2015-11-14](/news/2015/11/14/index.md)

# Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Persecution of Yazidis by ISIL. Kurdish Peshmerga forces discover a mass grave believed to contain the remains of more than 70 members of Iraq's Yazidi minority, mostly women, east of the recently liberated town of Sinjar. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters via ''The Huffington Post](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/mass-grave-of-yazidis-unearthed-near-iraqs-sinjar_56475c97e4b08cda348907e2)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). November 2015 Sinjar offensive. Kurdish Peshmerga forces backed by U.S. airstrikes seize control of Sinjar in northern Iraq. Sinjar has been under Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant occupation since August 2014. ](/news/2015/11/13/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-november-2015-sinjar-offensive-kurdish-peshmerga-forces-backed-by-u-s-airstrikes-seize-control-of-sinjar.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Kurdish Peshmerga, Sinjar, recently liberated_
2. [April 2017 Turkish airstrikes in Syria and Iraq. Turkish air strikes kill 18 Kurdish YPG fighters and media officials in northeastern Syria. Also five Peshmerga fighters are killed during a Turkish attack on Sinjar in Iraq. Turkey also claims to have destroyed "terror hubs". Iraq denounces the strike as a violation of its sovereignty. ](/news/2017/04/25/april-2017-turkish-airstrikes-in-syria-and-iraq-turkish-air-strikes-kill-18-kurdish-ypg-fighters-and-media-officials-in-northeastern-syria.md) _Context: Iraq, Kurdish Peshmerga, Sinjar_
3. [American-led intervention. Kurdish forces, backed by U.S. airstrikes, capture several villages in an offensive to retake the Iraqi town of Sinjar from Islamic State militants, who overran it more than a year ago. The operation aims to cordon off the town, take control of Islamic State supply routes, and establish a buffer zone to protect the town from artillery, according to the Kurdish national security council. ](/news/2015/11/12/american-led-intervention-kurdish-forces-backed-by-u-s-airstrikes-capture-several-villages-in-an-offensive-to-retake-the-iraqi-town-of-s.md) _Context: Iraq, Kurdish Peshmerga, Sinjar_
4. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). The pro-government Popular Mobilization Forces militia takes control of the mostly destroyed ancient city of Hatra in Iraq's Nineveh Governorate, following clashes with ISIL, who seized the ruins in 2014. ](/news/2017/04/26/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-the-pro-government-popular-mobilization-forces-militia-takes-control-of-the-mostly-destroyed-ancient-city.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
5. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Suicide bombers strike in the cities of Tikrit and Samarra in Iraq, killing at least 21. ](/news/2016/11/6/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-suicide-bombers-strike-in-the-cities-of-tikrit-and-samarra-in-iraq-killing-at-least-21.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
6. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). November 2016 Hillah suicide truck bombing. At least 80 Shia pilgrims are killed in a truck bomb attack in Iraq. Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/11/24/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-november-2016-hillah-suicide-truck-bombing-at-least-80-shia-pilgrims-are-killed-in-a-truck-bomb-attack-in.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
7. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). 2016 October Baghdad attacks. Attacks targeting a Shi'ite Muslim gathering, a police check-point, and the family of an anti-Islamic State Sunni paramilitary leader, kill at least 55 people in Iraq. ](/news/2016/10/15/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-2016-october-baghdad-attacks-attacks-targeting-a-shi-ite-muslim-gathering-a-police-check-point-and-the.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
8. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Islamic State militants attack two gas facilities northwest of Kirkuk in northern Iraq, killing at least five people and wounding six policemen. Three assailants detonated their explosive vests and a fourth was killed in clash with security forces. ](/news/2016/07/31/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-islamic-state-militants-attack-two-gas-facilities-northwest-of-kirkuk-in-northern-iraq-killing-at-least-f.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
9. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Military intervention against ISIL. Third Battle of Fallujah. The Iraqi government recaptures the main government compound in Fallujah. ](/news/2016/06/17/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-military-intervention-against-isil-third-battle-of-fallujah-the-iraqi-government-recaptures-the-main-gov.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
10. [ Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). The Pentagon announces the death of Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIL) leader Abu Waheeb and three other militants in an airstrike near the town of Rutba, Iraq. ](/news/2016/05/9/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-the-pentagon-announces-the-death-of-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-syria-isil-leader-abu-waheeb-and-three-ot.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
