### [2015-11-14](/news/2015/11/14/index.md)

# Spillover of the Syrian Civil War. Turkey-ISIL conflict. Turkish forces engage Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) militants along the Syrian border:. Turkish troops kill four Islamic State militants in Turkey's southeastern Gaziantep Province when two cars with ISIS passengers advanced on a Turkish armored vehicle near a border post in Oguzeli. 




### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://america.aljazeera.com/articles/2015/11/15/suicide-bomb-in-turkey-injures-5-police-officers.html)
2. [Daily Sabah](http://www.dailysabah.com/politics/2015/11/14/security-forces-kill-4-isis-members-detain-13-in-southeast-turkey)

### Related:

1. [Turkey-ISIL conflict. Turkish Armed Forces claim that an Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant rocket attack on Turkish-backed Syrian rebel forces caused symptoms of chemical weapons in 22 soldiers. ](/news/2016/11/27/turkey-isil-conflict-turkish-armed-forces-claim-that-an-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-rocket-attack-on-turkish-backed-syrian-rebel.md) _Context: Syria, Turkey-ISIL conflict, Turkish troops_
2. [ Syrian Civil War. Spillover of the Syrian Civil War. Turkey-ISIL conflict. Turkish shelling kills 55 Islamic State of Iraq and Syria insurgents in northern Syria in retaliation for rocket attacks on Kilis, a Turkish border town. [http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-turkey-idUSKCN0XZ05R (Reuters)] [http://www.dailyprogress.com/news/world/wire/report-turkey-attacks-is-in-syria-militants-killed/article_4b13cd44-6a6b-5be8-91ba-5d4b5cf3af2b.html (Daily Progress)]. Three Spanish journalists were released after being abducted around Aleppo, Syria, and held hostage by the Al-Nusra Front since 13 July 2015. [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/05/07/three-spanish-journalists-released-in-syria-by-al-qaeda-group-af/ (The Telegraph (UK))]](/news/2016/05/8/syrian-civil-war-spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-turkey-isil-conflict-turkish-shelling-kills-55-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-syria-insu.md) _Context: Spillover of the Syrian Civil War, Syria, Turkey-ISIL conflict_
3. [Spillover of the Syrian Civil War. Turkey claims that its artillery fire together with U.S. air strikes killed more than 104 ISIL militants after rockets fired from northern Syria killed several people in the Turkish town of Kilis. ](/news/2016/05/28/spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-turkey-claims-that-its-artillery-fire-together-with-u-s-air-strikes-killed-more-than-104-isil-militants.md) _Context: ISIL, Spillover of the Syrian Civil War, Syria_
4. [Spillover of the Syrian Civil War. A rocket fired from ISIL-controlled territory in Syria's Aleppo Governorate, kills at least one person and injures another in the Turkish city of Kilis, close to the Syria-Turkey border. The Turkish military responded with artillery fire on ISIL positions. ](/news/2016/01/18/spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-a-rocket-fired-from-isil-controlled-territory-in-syria-s-aleppo-governorate-kills-at-least-one-person-an.md) _Context: Spillover of the Syrian Civil War, Syria, Turkish troops_
5. [Syrian Civil War. Battle of al-Bab. At least three soldiers of the Turkish Armed Forces are accidentally killed by a Russian airstrike near al-Bab in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/02/9/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-al-bab-at-least-three-soldiers-of-the-turkish-armed-forces-are-accidentally-killed-by-a-russian-airstrike-near.md) _Context: Syria, Turkish troops_
6. [2017 Istanbul nightclub attack. The Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack in what it claims is a response to Turkey's actions in neighbouring Syria. ](/news/2017/01/2/2017-istanbul-nightclub-attack-the-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility-for-the-attack-in-what-it-claims-is-a-respons.md) _Context: ISIL, Syria_
7. [Spillover of the Syrian Civil War. An Israeli Army patrol kills four ISIL-affiliated militants after they open fire from positions in Syria near the Golan Heights. ](/news/2016/11/27/spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-an-israeli-army-patrol-kills-four-isil-affiliated-militants-after-they-open-fire-from-positions-in-syria.md) _Context: Spillover of the Syrian Civil War, Syria_
8. [Turkish military intervention in Syria. Three Turkish Army soldiers are killed and 10 others wounded in an attack in Syria's al-Bab District; however, there are conflicting reports on who carried out the attack. The Turkish military says the soldiers were targeted in a airstrike by a Syrian warplane, while the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports an ISIL suicide bomber was responsible. ](/news/2016/11/24/turkish-military-intervention-in-syria-three-turkish-army-soldiers-are-killed-and-10-others-wounded-in-an-attack-in-syria-s-al-bab-district.md) _Context: Syria, Turkish troops_
9. [Syrian Civil War. Turkish-backed rebels advance on the symbolic ISIL-controlled town of Dabiq, in northern Syria. ISIL believes Dabiq is the location where an apocalyptic battle will take place shortly before the end of the world. ](/news/2016/10/15/syrian-civil-war-turkish-backed-rebels-advance-on-the-symbolic-isil-controlled-town-of-dabiq-in-northern-syria-isil-believes-dabiq-is-the.md) _Context: Syria, Turkish troops_
10. [Syrian Civil War. Syrian Government forces enter Raqqa province, the joint capital of Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant. It is one of three simultaneous attacks in Iraq and Syria. ](/news/2016/06/4/syrian-civil-war-syrian-government-forces-enter-raqqa-province-the-joint-capital-of-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-it-is-one-of-thr.md) _Context: ISIL, Syria_
