### [2015-11-14](/news/2015/11/14/index.md)

# The U.S. Geological Survey reports a magnitude 6.7 earthquake struck off the southwest coast of Japan. The quake occurred 119 miles (191 km) west-southwest of Kagoshima. The Pacific Tsunami Center reported no major tsunami threat. A small tsunami, 30 centimeters (11.8 inches), was observed on the southern island of Nakanoshima. No reports of major damage or injuries. 

A magnitude 7.0 earthquake hit off the southern coast of Japan, the U.S. Geological Survey reported on Friday.


### Source:

1. [AFP via Channel News Asia](http://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/asiapacific/strong-7-0-magnitude/2259554.html)
2. [AP via Marysville Appeal-Democrat](http://www.appeal-democrat.com/news/regional_news/asia/usgs-magnitude--earthquake-strikes-southwest-of-japan/article_cdca7f6b-5a53-55ee-a760-974ac4600afd.html)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/11/13/us-quake-japan-idUSKCN0T22FS20151113#0hdzh8z8OPw1GjTy.97)

### Related:

1. [The United States Geological Survey (USGS) reports a 7.7 magnitude earthquake has struck off the Northern Mariana Islands in the Pacific Ocean. The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center says there is no tsunami threat because the quake was very deep in the earth. ](/news/2016/07/29/the-united-states-geological-survey-usgs-reports-a-7-7-magnitude-earthquake-has-struck-off-the-northern-mariana-islands-in-the-pacific-oce.md) _Context: Pacific Tsunami Warning Center, United States Geological Survey, earthquake_
2. [A magnitude 6.4 earthquake strikes near Kumamoto, Japan, collapsing several buildings killing at least four people and injuring 400. However, no tsunami warning was issued and local nuclear power plants reported no problems. ](/news/2016/04/14/a-magnitude-6-4-earthquake-strikes-near-kumamoto-japan-collapsing-several-buildings-killing-at-least-four-people-and-injuring-400-however.md) _Context: Japan, earthquake, tsunami_
3. [The U.S. Geological Survey reports a magnitude 5.8 earthquake strikes Christchurch in New Zealand. The St. John ambulance service says that several people suffered minor injuries from falls as they ran from the quake but there were no immediate reports of serious damage. ](/news/2016/02/14/the-u-s-geological-survey-reports-a-magnitude-5-8-earthquake-strikes-christchurch-in-new-zealand-the-st-john-ambulance-service-says-that.md) _Context: United States Geological Survey, earthquake, magnitude_
4. [The U.S. Geological Survey reports a magnitude 5.1 earthquake strike in Oklahoma, the state's third strongest quake, northwest of Oklahoma City. No  damage or injuries are reported. Oklahoma has recently experienced a surge in seismic activity, leading to calls for the governor to make changes to oil- and gas-drilling regulations. ](/news/2016/02/13/the-u-s-geological-survey-reports-a-magnitude-5-1-earthquake-strike-in-oklahoma-the-state-s-third-strongest-quake-northwest-of-oklahoma-c.md) _Context: United States Geological Survey, earthquake, magnitude_
5. [A magnitude 7.1 earthquake strikes southwestern Alaska, leaving 10,000 in the Anchorage area without power and forcing the evacuation of several homes on the Kenai Peninsula. The National Weather Service reported that there was no tsunami following the earthquake. ](/news/2016/01/24/a-magnitude-7-1-earthquake-strikes-southwestern-alaska-leaving-10-000-in-the-anchorage-area-without-power-and-forcing-the-evacuation-of-sev.md) _Context: earthquake, magnitude, tsunami_
6. [The U.S. Geological Survey reports a magnitude 5.5 earthquake struck the central Chilean coast, south of the town of Coquimbo, at 6:05 PM EST.  No immediate reports of damage or casualties; no tsunami alerts are in effect.     ](/news/2015/11/21/the-u-s-geological-survey-reports-a-magnitude-5-5-earthquake-struck-the-central-chilean-coast-south-of-the-town-of-coquimbo-at-6-05-pm-es.md) _Context: United States Geological Survey, magnitude, tsunami_
7. [A strong earthquake of magnitude 7.3 occurs off the coast of Japan near the city of Kamaishi, prompting the Japan Meteorological Agency to issue a tsunami warning. 10 people are taken to hospital with injuries, no fatalities reported. ](/news/2012/12/7/a-strong-earthquake-of-magnitude-7-3-occurs-off-the-coast-of-japan-near-the-city-of-kamaishi-prompting-the-japan-meteorological-agency-to-i.md) _Context: Japan, earthquake, tsunami_
8. [A magnitude 6.8 earthquake occurs off the coast of Japan causing a small tsunami that hits the coast of Aomori prefecture on the island of Hokkaido. ](/news/2012/03/14/a-magnitude-6-8-earthquake-occurs-off-the-coast-of-japan-causing-a-small-tsunami-that-hits-the-coast-of-aomori-prefecture-on-the-island-of-h.md) _Context: Japan, earthquake, tsunami_
9. [A 6.8 magnitude earthquake occurs off the coast of Japan with a tsunami warning issued and then retracted. ](/news/2011/08/19/a-6-8-magnitude-earthquake-occurs-off-the-coast-of-japan-with-a-tsunami-warning-issued-and-then-retracted.md) _Context: Japan, earthquake, tsunami_
10. [A tsunami alert is issued after a strong earthquake of preliminary 7.2 magnitude occurs off the coast of Honshu, Japan. ](/news/2011/03/9/a-tsunami-alert-is-issued-after-a-strong-earthquake-of-preliminary-7-2-magnitude-occurs-off-the-coast-of-honshu-japan.md) _Context: Japan, earthquake, tsunami_
