### [2014-11-12](/news/2014/11/12/index.md)

# Azerbaijan shoots down an Armenian Mil Mi-24 military helicopter. 




### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2014-11-12/azerbaijan-says-armenian-helicopter-shot-down-in-conflict-zone.html)

### Related:

1. [Nagorno-Karabakh constitutional referendum, 2017: In a referendum held yesterday in the breakaway state of Nagorno-Karabakh (a region long claimed by both Azerbaijan and Armenia), 87.6% of voters approve changing the country's governance system from semi-presidential to full presidential, therefore abolishing the position of prime minister. ](/news/2017/02/21/nagorno-karabakh-constitutional-referendum-2017-in-a-referendum-held-yesterday-in-the-breakaway-state-of-nagorno-karabakh-a-region-long-c.md) _Context: Armenia, Azerbaijan_
2. [Nagorno-Karabakh conflict: Armenia-Azerbaijan relations: Armenia will recognize the independence of the breakaway Nagorno-Karabakh Republic from Azerbaijan if military actions there continue, according to Armenian President Serzh Sargsyan. Azerbaijan has resorted to an "unprecedented provocation along the entire perimeter of the contact line" with Nagorno-Karabakh, Sargsyan told a meeting with ambassadors from member states of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe, referring to the latest flare-up of the conflict. ](/news/2016/04/4/nagorno-karabakh-conflict-armenia-azerbaijan-relations-armenia-will-recognize-the-independence-of-the-breakaway-nagorno-karabakh-republi.md) _Context: Armenia, Azerbaijan_
3. [Armenian-Azerbaijani border conflict: 2016 Armenian-Azerbaijani clashes: Armenia and Azerbaijan exchange gunfire for the third successive day after an escalation of a dispute over the boundaries between Azerbaijan and the disputed Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. ](/news/2016/04/2/armenian-azerbaijani-border-conflict-2016-armenian-azerbaijani-clashes-armenia-and-azerbaijan-exchange-gunfire-for-the-third-successiv.md) _Context: Armenia, Azerbaijan_
4. [Armenia-Russia relations: Russia reinforces the joint Armenian-Russian run Erebuni Airport, home to the Russian 3624th Air Base, with six attack and transport helicopters. The Russian Defence Ministry said the Mi-24 and Mi-8 helicopters had been transferred from a military base in the southern Russian region of Krasnodar Krai to the air base in Erebuni, Armenia. ](/news/2015/12/21/armenia-russia-relations-russia-reinforces-the-joint-armenian-russian-run-erebuni-airport-home-to-the-russian-3624th-air-base-with-six.md) _Context: Armenia, Mi-24_
5. [Nagorno-Karabakh conflict: At least four Armenian soldiers are killed following an Azeri attack near the disputed Nagorno-Karabakh region. Yesterday, Azerbaijan shelled several ethnic Armenian villages, leaving three civilians dead. ](/news/2015/09/26/nagorno-karabakh-conflict-at-least-four-armenian-soldiers-are-killed-following-an-azeri-attack-near-the-disputed-nagorno-karabakh-region-y.md) _Context: Armenia, Azerbaijan_
6. [Nagorno-Karabakh conflict: At least eight Azeri soldiers are killed following clashes with Armenian troops on the border and near the disputed Nagorno-Karabakh region. Azerbaijan said Armenia had also suffered losses, although it did not provide any details. ](/news/2014/08/1/nagorno-karabakh-conflict-at-least-eight-azeri-soldiers-are-killed-following-clashes-with-armenian-troops-on-the-border-and-near-the-disput.md) _Context: Armenia, Azerbaijan_
7. [Armenia suspends diplomatic relations with Hungary after Ramil Safarov's extradition to Azerbaijan. ](/news/2012/08/31/armenia-suspends-diplomatic-relations-with-hungary-after-ramil-safarov-s-extradition-to-azerbaijan.md) _Context: Armenia, Azerbaijan_
8. [Azerbaijan accuses Armenia of shooting dead five of its soldiers on the border of those two countries, a day after three Armenians were killed. ](/news/2012/06/5/azerbaijan-accuses-armenia-of-shooting-dead-five-of-its-soldiers-on-the-border-of-those-two-countries-a-day-after-three-armenians-were-kill.md) _Context: Armenia, Azerbaijan_
9. [Armenia and Azerbaijan exchange the bodies of deceased soldiers and a civilian under the auspices of the International Committee of the Red Cross. ](/news/2010/11/6/armenia-and-azerbaijan-exchange-the-bodies-of-deceased-soldiers-and-a-civilian-under-the-auspices-of-the-international-committee-of-the-red.md) _Context: Armenia, Azerbaijan_
10. [A border clash between Armenia and Azerbaijan occurs, leaving several soldiers dead and both sides blaming the other for the violence. ](/news/2010/09/1/a-border-clash-between-armenia-and-azerbaijan-occurs-leaving-several-soldiers-dead-and-both-sides-blaming-the-other-for-the-violence.md) _Context: Armenia, Azerbaijan_
