### [2010-02-28](/news/2010/02/28/index.md)

# 2010 Winter Olympics:International Olympic Committee president Jacques Rogge officially closes the Winter Olympics in Vancouver, Canada. Canada finishes in first place in the medal table with a record 14 gold medals, while the United States wins a record total of 37 medals. 

Canada&rsquo;s fantasy has been brought to vivid life here in Vancouver. In what will be enshrined as a nation&rsquo;s finest sporting hour, their ice hockey men skated thrillingly to a 14th gold medal in the climactic final event of these Winter Games to break an all-time Olympic record.


### Source:

1. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/othersports/winter-olympics/7340355/Winter-Olympics-2010-Sidney-Crosby-hands-Canada-ice-hockey-gold-over-rivals-USA.html)
2. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english2010/sports/2010-03/01/c_13191987.htm)

### Related:

1. [Leonid Tyagachyov, head of Russia's Olympic Committee, resigns after the nation's worst performance in the history of the Winter Olympic Games at the 2010 event in Vancouver. ](/news/2010/03/3/leonid-tyagachyov-head-of-russia-s-olympic-committee-resigns-after-the-nation-s-worst-performance-in-the-history-of-the-winter-olympic-gam.md) _Context: 2010 Winter Olympics, Olympic, Vancouver_
2. [2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver:Alexandre Bilodeau scores first place in the men's freestyle skiing moguls, winning Canada's first ever Olympic gold medal on home soil. ](/news/2010/02/14/2010-winter-olympics-in-vancouver-palexandre-bilodeau-scores-first-place-in-the-men-s-freestyle-skiing-moguls-winning-canada-s-first-ever-o.md) _Context: 2010 Winter Olympics, Canada, Vancouver_
3. [2010 Winter Olympics:The XXI Olympic Winter Games competitions begin in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. ](/news/2010/02/12/2010-winter-olympics-pthe-xxi-olympic-winter-games-competitions-begin-in-vancouver-british-columbia-canada.md) _Context: 2010 Winter Olympics, Canada, Vancouver_
4. [Six teenagers, four males and two females, from a Burundi robotics team are reported missing after competing in the FIRST Global Robotics Competition in Washington, D.C.  A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year old girl reportedly crossed the United States border into Canada. There is no indication of foul play. ](/news/2017/07/20/six-teenagers-four-males-and-two-females-from-a-burundi-robotics-team-are-reported-missing-after-competing-in-the-first-global-robotics-co.md) _Context: Canada, U.S._
5. [American pipeline operator Williams Partners has agreed to sell an olefins plant in Louisiana to Canadian chemical company Nova Chemicals for $2.1 billion. ](/news/2017/04/17/american-pipeline-operator-williams-partners-has-agreed-to-sell-an-olefins-plant-in-louisiana-to-canadian-chemical-company-nova-chemicals-fo.md) _Context: Canada, U.S._
6. [The protestors in the area of the Dakota Access Pipeline are evicted, clearing the way for the oil pipeline through Canada and the United States to be built. ](/news/2017/02/23/the-protestors-in-the-area-of-the-dakota-access-pipeline-are-evicted-clearing-the-way-for-the-oil-pipeline-through-canada-and-the-united-st.md) _Context: Canada, U.S._
7. [The immigration website of Canada crashes due to overflow, coinciding with the election in the United States. ](/news/2016/11/9/the-immigration-website-of-canada-crashes-due-to-overflow-coinciding-with-the-election-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: Canada, U.S._
8. [Both Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide  and Marriott International   shareholders  approve Marriott's acquisition of Starwood, which will create the world's largest  hotelier.   The deal has cleared the pre-merger antitrust reviews in the United States and Canada; approvals from the European Union and China is pending. Last week, Anbang Insurance Group topped Marriott's bid, then withdrew their offer three days later. ](/news/2016/04/8/both-starwood-hotels-and-resorts-worldwide-and-marriott-international-shareholders-approve-marriott-s-acquisition-of-starwood-which-wil.md) _Context: Canada, U.S._
9. [''Star Wars: The Force Awakens'' becomes the highest-grossing film ever in the United States and Canada, overtaking ''Avatar''. ](/news/2016/01/6/star-wars-the-force-awakens-becomes-the-highest-grossing-film-ever-in-the-united-states-and-canada-overtaking-avatar.md) _Context: Canada, U.S._
10. [The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) lifts the 32-year-old, lifetime ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men. Men can donate if they haven't had sex with another man in the previous year. The FDA stance is in line with other countries, such as Australia, Brazil, Canada, New Zealand, and the U.K., and is consistent with rules on recent blood transfusion or accidental exposure to another individual's blood.  ](/news/2015/12/21/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-fda-lifts-the-32-year-old-lifetime-ban-on-blood-donations-from-gay-and-bisexual-men-men-c.md) _Context: Canada, U.S._
