### [2010-02-28](/news/2010/02/28/index.md)

# Hundreds of people wearing pink wigs and pink clothing walk out of Catholic Mass in 's-Hertogenbosch in the Netherlands in protest of a gay Dutch man being refused communion in a nearby town. 

Hundreds of people walked out of a Catholic church in the Netherlands Sunday to protest church policy against giving communion to homosexuals, organizers said.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/8542285.stm)
2. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/International/2010/02/28/Communion-dispute-sparks-protest/UPI-58151267406021/)

### Related:

1. [Gay people may now receive communion across the diocese of 's-Hertogenbosch after nationwide protests following an incident last Sunday. ](/news/2010/03/3/gay-people-may-now-receive-communion-across-the-diocese-of-s-hertogenbosch-after-nationwide-protests-following-an-incident-last-sunday.md) _Context: 's-Hertogenbosch, communion, homosexuality_
2. [Dutch officials object to "ridiculous" and "out of the realm of fiction" claims by retired American general John J. Sheehan, a former NATO commander, that the use of gay soldiers in 1995 meant Dutch forces were "under-strength" and "poorly led" when attempting to protect Bosnian civilians in Srebrenica. ](/news/2010/03/19/dutch-officials-object-to-ridiculous-and-out-of-the-realm-of-fiction-claims-by-retired-american-general-john-j-sheehan-a-former-nato-c.md) _Context: Netherlands, homosexuality_
3. [Aftermath of In Vijfhuizen, the Netherlands, exactly three years after the Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 (MH17) disaster, the National Memorial for the victims is opened in the presence of King Willem-Alexander, Queen Maxima and Prime Minister Mark Rutte. ](/news/2017/07/17/aftermath-of-in-vijfhuizen-the-netherlands-exactly-three-years-after-the-malaysia-airlines-flight-17-mh17-disaster-the-national-memoria.md) _Context: Netherlands_
4. [Aftermath of the Bosnian War and An appeals court in The Hague rules that Netherlands is partly to blame for the deaths of some 350 Muslim Bosnian men in the 1995 Srebrenica genocide and, in a move considered landmark, orders it to pay limited damages. ](/news/2017/06/27/aftermath-of-the-bosnian-war-and-an-appeals-court-in-the-hague-rules-that-netherlands-is-partly-to-blame-for-the-deaths-of-some-350-muslim-b.md) _Context: Netherlands_
5. [Eight people are injured, two seriously, when a car drives into several people in front of the Amsterdam Centraal station in the Netherlands. Police say the driver may have taken ill; they are not treating this as terrorism-related. ](/news/2017/06/10/eight-people-are-injured-two-seriously-when-a-car-drives-into-several-people-in-front-of-the-amsterdam-centraal-station-in-the-netherlands.md) _Context: Netherlands_
6. [A judge in Alkmaar, the Netherlands, grants a 12-year-old boy the right to decide for himself on whether or not to continue chemotherapy. The ruling was based on a psychiatric evaluation of the patient as being "capable of a reasonable evaluation of his interests and realizes the consequences -- including the negative ones -- of his decision." ](/news/2017/05/12/a-judge-in-alkmaar-the-netherlands-grants-a-12-year-old-boy-the-right-to-decide-for-himself-on-whether-or-not-to-continue-chemotherapy-th.md) _Context: Netherlands_
7. [A Filipino lawyer files a complaint of "mass murder and crimes against humanity" against Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte and eleven other officials at the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2017/04/24/a-filipino-lawyer-files-a-complaint-of-mass-murder-and-crimes-against-humanity-against-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-and-eleven-ot.md) _Context: Netherlands_
8. [Dutch businessman Guus Kouwenhoven is found guilty of war crimes and arms trafficking for using his lumber business to sell weapons to Liberia's former president Charles Taylor during the country's civil war between 2000 and 2003 and is sentenced to 19 years in prison. ](/news/2017/04/22/dutch-businessman-guus-kouwenhoven-is-found-guilty-of-war-crimes-and-arms-trafficking-for-using-his-lumber-business-to-sell-weapons-to-liber.md) _Context: Netherlands_
9. [Voters in the Netherlands go to the polls for a general election. Exit polls suggest that incumbent Prime Minister Mark Rutte's People's Party for Freedom and Democracy will win the most seats in the election. ](/news/2017/03/15/voters-in-the-netherlands-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-exit-polls-suggest-that-incumbent-prime-minister-mark-rutte-s-people-s-par.md) _Context: Netherlands_
10. [Turkey bans the Dutch ambassador, Cornelis Van Rij, from returning to the Embassy of the Netherlands in Ankara, and closes its airspace to Dutch diplomats in response to a Dutch ban on Turkish ministers speaking at pro-Erdogan rallies. ](/news/2017/03/13/turkey-bans-the-dutch-ambassador-cornelis-van-rij-from-returning-to-the-embassy-of-the-netherlands-in-ankara-and-closes-its-airspace-to-d.md) _Context: Netherlands_
