### [2007-11-21](/news/2007/11/21/index.md)

#  Portuguese Minister of Foreign Affairs Lus Amado says Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe is not welcome at the December European Union-African Union summit in Lisbon. United Kingdom Prime Minister Gordon Brown says he will not attend if Mugabe is present. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/7106004.stm)

### Related:

1. [The European Union suspends sanctions against 81 officials and eight firms in Zimbabwe, but those against President Robert Mugabe and his top aides remain in place. ](/news/2013/03/25/the-european-union-suspends-sanctions-against-81-officials-and-eight-firms-in-zimbabwe-but-those-against-president-robert-mugabe-and-his-to.md) _Context: European Union, President of Zimbabwe, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
2. [Zimbabwe requests apologies from American, German and European Union envoys who walked out of the burial ceremony for President Robert Mugabe's sister; they refuse to apologise. ](/news/2010/08/3/zimbabwe-requests-apologies-from-american-german-and-european-union-envoys-who-walked-out-of-the-burial-ceremony-for-president-robert-mugab.md) _Context: European Union, President of Zimbabwe, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
3. [ Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe condemns "bloody whites" for meddling in his country's affairs, specifically perceived British and American interference. ](/news/2009/09/11/zimbabwe-s-president-robert-mugabe-condemns-bloody-whites-for-meddling-in-his-country-s-affairs-specifically-perceived-british-and-ameri.md) _Context: Britain, President of Zimbabwe, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
4. [ The African Union meets at Sharm el-Sheikh in Egypt with Robert Mugabe recently reelected as President of Zimbabwe representing Zimbabwe. ](/news/2008/06/30/the-african-union-meets-at-sharm-el-sheikh-in-egypt-with-robert-mugabe-recently-reelected-as-president-of-zimbabwe-representing-zimbabwe.md) _Context: African Union, President of Zimbabwe, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
5. [ Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe is stripped of his honorary Order of the Bath knighthood, upon the advice of the UK Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs. ](/news/2008/06/25/zimbabwean-president-robert-mugabe-is-stripped-of-his-honorary-order-of-the-bath-knighthood-upon-the-advice-of-the-uk-secretary-of-state-f.md) _Context: Britain, President of Zimbabwe, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
6. [ The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Gordon Brown launches the International Health Partnership consisting of the World Health Organisation, the World Bank, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation as well as the governments of the United Kingdom, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Norway and Portugal. ](/news/2007/09/5/the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-gordon-brown-launches-the-international-health-partnership-consisting-of-the-world-health-organisa.md) _Context: Britain, Gordon Brown, Portugal, Prime Minister_
7. [Brexit: British Prime Minister Theresa May signs a letter invoking Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union. Its notification to the European Council tomorrow will formally begin the UK's withdrawal from the European Union. ](/news/2017/03/28/brexit-british-prime-minister-theresa-may-signs-a-letter-invoking-article-50-of-the-treaty-on-european-union-its-notification-to-the-europ.md) _Context: Britain, European Union, Prime Minister_
8. [Aftermath of the United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016: Theresa May, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, announces March 2017 as the deadline for triggering Article 50 and says that her government will introduce a "Great Repeal Bill" that will repeal the European Communities Act 1972 once the United Kingdom leaves the European Union. ](/news/2016/10/2/aftermath-of-the-united-kingdom-european-union-membership-referendum-2016-theresa-may-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-announces.md) _Context: Britain, European Union, Prime Minister_
9. [Iraq Inquiry: A report about the United Kingdom's involvement in the Iraq War is released. The chairman of the inquiry, Sir John Chilcot, said that the invasion was not a "last resort" and was based on "flawed intelligence and assessments". The inquiry was announced on 15 June 2009 by then-Prime Minister Gordon Brown. The final hearing was held on 2 February 2011. ](/news/2016/07/6/iraq-inquiry-a-report-about-the-united-kingdom-s-involvement-in-the-iraq-war-is-released-the-chairman-of-the-inquiry-sir-john-chilcot-sa.md) _Context: Britain, Gordon Brown, Prime Minister_
10. [United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016: The United Kingdom votes, 52% to 48%, to leave the European Union. Prime Minister David Cameron, who called the referendum three years ago, announces his resignation indicating he will leave office by October. ](/news/2016/06/24/united-kingdom-european-union-membership-referendum-2016-the-united-kingdom-votes-52-to-48-to-leave-the-european-union-prime-minister.md) _Context: Britain, European Union, Prime Minister_
