### [2007-11-21](/news/2007/11/21/index.md)

#  Researchers in Kyoto, San Francisco, and Wisconsin publish evidence of turning human skin cells into stem cells by the retroviral insertion of genes. 

Turning human skin cells into what appear to be embryonic stem cells without having to make or destroy an embryo could quell an ethical debate.


### Source:

1. [NYT](http://www.nytimes.com/2007/11/21/science/21stem.html?ex=1353301200&en=c0030511edc97dbf&ei=5088&partner=rssnyt&emc=rss)

### Related:

1. [Sanctuary cities. California and San Francisco sue the United States Federal government over its opposition towards sanctuary cities. ](/news/2017/08/14/sanctuary-cities-california-and-san-francisco-sue-the-united-states-federal-government-over-its-opposition-towards-sanctuary-cities.md) _Context: San Francisco_
2. [Monkey selfie. The United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit in San Francisco hears a case on whether or not a Celebes crested macaque owns its selfie. ](/news/2017/07/12/monkey-selfie-the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-ninth-circuit-in-san-francisco-hears-a-case-on-whether-or-not-a-celebes-crested-ma.md) _Context: San Francisco_
3. [UPS shooting in San Francisco. Four people, including the gunman, are dead, and six injured, after a man opens fire at people in a UPS building in the Potrero Hill neighborhood of San Francisco, California. ](/news/2017/06/14/ups-shooting-in-san-francisco-four-people-including-the-gunman-are-dead-and-six-injured-after-a-man-opens-fire-at-people-in-a-ups-build.md) _Context: San Francisco_
4. [American Airlines announces it is investigating a viral video of an incident on a San Francisco to Dallas flight which shows a male flight attendant upsetting a female passenger, who he had allegedly forcefully taken a baby buggy from, and threatening to fight a male passenger. The American Airlines employee has been suspended. ](/news/2017/04/22/american-airlines-announces-it-is-investigating-a-viral-video-of-an-incident-on-a-san-francisco-to-dallas-flight-which-shows-a-male-flight-a.md) _Context: San Francisco_
5. [President Trump's Executive Orders. As expected, during a visit to Kenosha, Wisconsin, President Donald Trump signed an executive order requiring U.S. federal agencies to take measures aimed at protecting U.S. workers, boost protections for some U.S. products, and examine the H-1B visa program which affords foreign workers opportunities for employment in U.S. specialty fields. ](/news/2017/04/18/president-trump-s-executive-orders-as-expected-during-a-visit-to-kenosha-wisconsin-president-donald-trump-signed-an-executive-order-requ.md) _Context: Wisconsin_
6. [Uber suspends tests of its self-driving cars in San Francisco, California, after the California Department of Motor Vehicles revoked the registration of the vehicles in the state in response to two red-light violations. ](/news/2016/12/21/uber-suspends-tests-of-its-self-driving-cars-in-san-francisco-california-after-the-california-department-of-motor-vehicles-revoked-the-reg.md) _Context: San Francisco_
7. [2016 United States presidential election recounts. The Jill Stein-initiated recounts begin in Wisconsin. ](/news/2016/12/1/2016-united-states-presidential-election-recounts-the-jill-stein-initiated-recounts-begin-in-wisconsin.md) _Context: Wisconsin_
8. [2016 United States presidential election recount and audit. The campaign of Republican president-elect Donald Trump has called the planned recounts by Green nominee Jill Stein's campaign in Wisconsin, Pennsylvania and Michigan a "scam" and has criticized the participation of the campaign of Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton. ](/news/2016/11/27/2016-united-states-presidential-election-recount-and-audit-the-campaign-of-republican-president-elect-donald-trump-has-called-the-planned.md) _Context: Wisconsin_
9. [2016 United States presidential election recount and audit. The Clinton campaign announces it will participate in efforts to push for recounts by Jill Stein's campaign in Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin. ](/news/2016/11/26/2016-united-states-presidential-election-recount-and-audit-the-clinton-campaign-announces-it-will-participate-in-efforts-to-push-for-recoun.md) _Context: Wisconsin_
10. [United States presidential election, 2016. Jill Stein's campaign to hold recounts in Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin receives grassroots support, having crowdfunded millions of dollars through private donations. ](/news/2016/11/25/united-states-presidential-election-2016-jill-stein-s-campaign-to-hold-recounts-in-michigan-pennsylvania-and-wisconsin-receives-grassroo.md) _Context: Wisconsin_
