### [2007-11-21](/news/2007/11/21/index.md)

#  The United Nations General Assembly approves Resolution 62/9, stating that the "emergency phase" in Chernobyl is over, and the "recovery phase" should start. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/7105273.stm)

### Related:

1. [The United Nations General Assembly approves the first Arms Trade Treaty to regulate the multi-billion-dollar global trade in conventional arms with 154 votes in favor, three member states - Iran, North Korea and Syria - against the decision, and 23 abstentions. ](/news/2013/04/2/the-united-nations-general-assembly-approves-the-first-arms-trade-treaty-to-regulate-the-multi-billion-dollar-global-trade-in-conventional-a.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations General Assembly_
2. [Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian National Authority, says he will push for full United Nations membership as a nation state for the Palestinian National Authority at the September 23 UN General Assembly meeting. ](/news/2011/09/16/mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-says-he-will-push-for-full-united-nations-membership-as-a-nation-state-f.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations General Assembly_
3. [The Palestinian National Authority states it will seek United Nations recognition through both the Security Council and the General Assembly in September. It is currently lobbying nations for recognition during the stalled peace talks with Israel. ](/news/2011/01/11/the-palestinian-national-authority-states-it-will-seek-united-nations-recognition-through-both-the-security-council-and-the-general-assembly.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations General Assembly_
4. [ The United Nations General Assembly debates on whether to endorse the Goldstone report on the Gaza War. ](/news/2009/11/4/the-united-nations-general-assembly-debates-on-whether-to-endorse-the-goldstone-report-on-the-gaza-war.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations General Assembly_
5. [ Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad heads for New York to attend the United Nations General Assembly. ](/news/2009/09/22/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-heads-for-new-york-to-attend-the-united-nations-general-assembly.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations General Assembly_
6. [ Turkey, Austria, Japan, Mexico and Uganda are elected by the United Nations General Assembly to the Security Council. Iran and Iceland fail in their bids. ](/news/2008/10/17/turkey-austria-japan-mexico-and-uganda-are-elected-by-the-united-nations-general-assembly-to-the-security-council-iran-and-iceland-fail.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations General Assembly_
7. [ The United Nations General Assembly Third Committee approves a resolution draft that calls for a moratorium on the capital punishment. ](/news/2007/11/15/the-united-nations-general-assembly-third-committee-approves-a-resolution-draft-that-calls-for-a-moratorium-on-the-capital-punishment.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations General Assembly_
8. [ Cuba introduces a United Nations resolution on Puerto Rico calling on the United States to expedite Puerto Rico's self-determination process; the text also requests the General Assembly to consider the question and urges cleanup of Vieques island and release of Puerto Rican political prisoners. ](/news/2007/06/14/cuba-introduces-a-united-nations-resolution-on-puerto-rico-calling-on-the-united-states-to-expedite-puerto-rico-s-self-determination-proces.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations General Assembly_
9. [ South Korean Ban Ki-moon is nominated to succeed Kofi Annan as the United Nations Secretary-General in an affirmation vote by the Security Council. A confirmation vote by the General Assembly is expected within the next fortnight. ](/news/2006/10/9/south-korean-ban-ki-moon-is-nominated-to-succeed-kofi-annan-as-the-united-nations-secretary-general-in-an-affirmation-vote-by-the-security.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations General Assembly_
10. [ United Nations: World heads of state and government convene at United Nations Headquarters in New York City for the start of the annual General Assembly high-level summit. President of the United States George W. Bush urges the international community to help Iraq rebuild itself into a democracy with the "great power to inspire the Middle East." President Bush states a transformed Middle East would also benefit the entire world "by undermining the ideologies that export violence to other lands." President Bush also calls on the Security Council to adopt new anti-proliferation resolution "calling on all members of the UN to criminalize the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction", enacting strict export controls, and securing all sensitive material.](/news/2003/09/23/united-nations-world-heads-of-state-and-government-convene-at-united-nations-headquarters-in-new-york-city-for-the-start-of-the-annual-gen.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations General Assembly_
