### [2007-11-21](/news/2007/11/21/index.md)

#  United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice says the White House wants to broker a permanent deal between Israel and the Palestinian Authority before President George W. Bush leaves office. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/7106252.stm)

### Related:

1. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry meets Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas in Ramallah and urges him to restart peace talks, before holding talks with the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. ](/news/2013/04/8/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-in-ramallah-and-urges-him-to-restart-peace-t.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian Authority, United States, United States Secretary of State_
2. [ United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton reaffirms President Barack Obama's demand that Israel halt settlement in the West Bank. ](/news/2009/05/28/united-states-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-reaffirms-president-barack-obama-s-demand-that-israel-halt-settlement-in-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Israel, President of the United States, United States, United States Secretary of State_
3. [ Israel releases 199 Palestinian prisoners as a goodwill gesture to the President of the Palestinian National Authority Mahmoud Abbas as the United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice visits the area. ](/news/2008/08/25/israel-releases-199-palestinian-prisoners-as-a-goodwill-gesture-to-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-mahmoud-abbas-as-the.md) _Context: Condoleezza Rice, Israel, United States, United States Secretary of State_
4. [ Iran: The United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice warns Iran that it should have no doubt that the United States will defend its allies including Israel. ](/news/2008/07/10/iran-p-the-united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-warns-iran-that-it-should-have-no-doubt-that-the-united-states-will-defend-its.md) _Context: Condoleezza Rice, Israel, United States, United States Secretary of State_
5. [ Former White House Press Secretary Scott McClellan claims that United States President George W. Bush was involved in the Plame affair. ](/news/2007/11/21/former-white-house-press-secretary-scott-mcclellan-claims-that-united-states-president-george-w-bush-was-involved-in-the-plame-affair.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President of the United States, United States, White House_
6. [ U.S. President George W. Bush has promised the President of the Palestinian Authority, Abu Mazen, $50 million in aid and reiterated that Israel was to stop all settlement activity on the West Bank. ](/news/2005/05/26/u-s-president-george-w-bush-has-promised-the-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-abu-mazen-50-million-in-aid-and-reiterated-that-is.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Israel, President of the United States, United States_
7. [ U.S. President George W. Bush praises the Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon for his "''courageous initiative''" to pull all Israeli settlements out of the Gaza Strip, however Bush also told Sharon not to expand other existing settlements. The two leaders met in Texas, USA. ](/news/2005/04/11/u-s-president-george-w-bush-praises-the-israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-for-his-courageous-initiative-to-pull-all-israeli-settl.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Israel, President of the United States, United States_
8. [United States federal government shutdown of 2013:U.S. President Barack Obama, the White House Office of Management and Budget, issues a partial shutdown of government agencies after the House and Senate fail to come to an agreement on a spending bill to keep government operations running. ](/news/2013/10/1/united-states-federal-government-shutdown-of-2013-pu-s-president-barack-obama-the-white-house-office-of-management-and-budget-issues-a-pa.md) _Context: President of the United States, United States, White House_
9. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry arrives in Turkey, where he is to have talks addressing relations with Israel and the conflict in Syria. ](/news/2013/04/7/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-arrives-in-turkey-where-he-is-to-have-talks-addressing-relations-with-israel-and-the-conflict-i.md) _Context: Israel, United States, United States Secretary of State_
10. [President of the United States Barack Obama begins a four-day visit to the Middle East, visiting Palestine and Israel. ](/news/2013/03/20/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-begins-a-four-day-visit-to-the-middle-east-visiting-palestine-and-israel.md) _Context: Israel, President of the United States, United States_
