### [2009-06-15](/news/2009/06/15/index.md)

#  Lee Myung-bak, South Korea's president, meets U.S. President Barack Obama in Washington to talk about North Korea. 

South Korea&#8217;s president ordered his top security officials Sunday to deal &#8220;resolutely and squarely&#8221; with new North Korean warnings of a nuclear war on the eve of his U.S. visit. In Washington, Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. said &#8220;God only knows&#8221; what North Korea wants from the latest showdown.


### Source:

1. [The Washington Times](http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2009/jun/15/s-korean-leader-reacts-to-nuke-threat/)

### Related:

1. [Shinzo Abe, the Prime Minister of Japan, meets with the President of the United States Barack Obama at the White House to discuss trade, economic, and security issues including North Korea and the Senkaku Islands dispute with China. ](/news/2013/02/22/shinzo-abe-the-prime-minister-of-japan-meets-with-the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-at-the-white-house-to-discuss-trade-eco.md) _Context: Barack Obama, North Korea, President, U.S._
2. [Barack Obama, the President of the United States, begins a three day visit to South Korea amidst rising tension in North Asia about proposed missile tests by North Korea. ](/news/2012/03/25/barack-obama-the-president-of-the-united-states-begins-a-three-day-visit-to-south-korea-amidst-rising-tension-in-north-asia-about-proposed.md) _Context: Barack Obama, North Korea, President, South Korea_
3. [The President of South Korea, Lee Myung-bak, gives an address to a joint session of the United States Congress, emphasizing the importance of a recently-concluded free trade deal between South Korea and the United States, and expounding the need to improve relations with North Korea. ](/news/2011/10/13/the-president-of-south-korea-lee-myung-bak-gives-an-address-to-a-joint-session-of-the-united-states-congress-emphasizing-the-importance-o.md) _Context: Lee Myung-bak, North Korea, South Korea, U.S._
4. [The President of the United States Barack Obama freezes the assets of three North Korean organisations and one individual in response to the sinking of a South Korean warship in March. North Korea has denied it is responsible. ](/news/2010/08/30/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-freezes-the-assets-of-three-north-korean-organisations-and-one-individual-in-response-to-the.md) _Context: Barack Obama, North Korea, President, South Korea_
5. [ United States President Barack Obama tells a television news crew his country is "fully prepared" for a possible missile test by North Korea over the Pacific Ocean. ](/news/2009/06/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-tells-a-television-news-crew-his-country-is-fully-prepared-for-a-possible-missile-test-by-north-kore.md) _Context: Barack Obama, North Korea, President, U.S._
6. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. President Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President, U.S._
7. [North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-eastern-waters-in-the-direction-of-japan-accordi.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, U.S._
8. [The United States deploys parts of its Terminal High Altitude Area Defense in South Korea amidst high tension caused by North Korea's escalation of its missile and nuclear weapons programs. ](/news/2017/04/26/the-united-states-deploys-parts-of-its-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-in-south-korea-amidst-high-tension-caused-by-north-korea-s-escala.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, U.S._
9. [According to South Korean and United States officials, a missile test in North Korea ends in failure, with the missile exploding seconds after launch. ](/news/2017/03/22/according-to-south-korean-and-united-states-officials-a-missile-test-in-north-korea-ends-in-failure-with-the-missile-exploding-seconds-aft.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, U.S._
10. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte tells U.S. President Barack Obama to "go to hell" after the United States refuses to sell some weapons to his country, while also acknowledging the cooperation of Russia and China. ](/news/2016/10/4/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-tells-u-s-president-barack-obama-to-go-to-hell-after-the-united-states-refuses-to-sell-some-weapons.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President, U.S._
