### [2009-07-27](/news/2009/07/27/index.md)

#  A rural community in the Eastern Cape in South Africa lays claim to the entire town of Mthatha in one of the biggest land restitution cases since the end of apartheid. 




### Source:

1. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/skynews/Home/World-News/South-Africa-Land-Row-The-Zimbane-Clan-In-Eastern-Cape-Lay-Claim-To-The-Entire-Town-Of-Mthatha/Article/200907415346640?lpos=World_News_Top_Stories_Header_2&lid=ARTICLE_15346640_South_Africa_Land_Row%3A_The_Zimbane_Clan_In_Eastern_Cape_Lay_Claim_To_The_Entire_Town_Of_Mthatha)

### Related:

1. [The Parliament of South Africa announces it will debate a motion to impeach President Jacob Zuma this coming Tuesday. This comes after Zuma is facing mounting pressure when the Constitutional Court ruled that Zuma violated the constitution by using state funds to renovate his mansion. Yesterday, anti-apartheid veteran Ahmed Kathrada joined opposition leaders in calling for Zuma's resignation. ](/news/2016/04/3/the-parliament-of-south-africa-announces-it-will-debate-a-motion-to-impeach-president-jacob-zuma-this-coming-tuesday-this-comes-after-zuma.md) _Context: South Africa, apartheid_
2. [A bus traveling between Butterworth and Willovale in the Eastern Cape, South Africa, drives off a cliff killing thirty-five people. ](/news/2015/08/29/a-bus-traveling-between-butterworth-and-willovale-in-the-eastern-cape-south-africa-drives-off-a-cliff-killing-thirty-five-people.md) _Context: Eastern Cape, South Africa_
3. [A Shosholoza Meyl passenger train collides head-on with a goods train in Eastern Cape, South Africa, killing two people and injuring 20. ](/news/2015/05/20/a-shosholoza-meyl-passenger-train-collides-head-on-with-a-goods-train-in-eastern-cape-south-africa-killing-two-people-and-injuring-20.md) _Context: Eastern Cape, South Africa_
4. [Justice Minister Michael Masutha paroles South African apartheid-era death squad commander Eugene de Kock, nicknamed "Prime Evil", after having served 20 years for killing activists. ](/news/2015/01/30/justice-minister-michael-masutha-paroles-south-african-apartheid-era-death-squad-commander-eugene-de-kock-nicknamed-prime-evil-after-hav.md) _Context: South Africa, apartheid_
5. [New Zealand and South Africa's rugby unions make "landmark apologies" for excluding Maori and black players from their teams during the apartheid era. ](/news/2010/05/14/new-zealand-and-south-africa-s-rugby-unions-make-landmark-apologies-for-excluding-maori-and-black-players-from-their-teams-during-the-apar.md) _Context: South Africa, apartheid_
6. [ South African President Jacob Zuma makes a pilgrimage to a former anti-apartheid guerrilla camp in Angola where he lays a wreath and pays tribute to fallen comrades. ](/news/2009/08/21/south-african-president-jacob-zuma-makes-a-pilgrimage-to-a-former-anti-apartheid-guerrilla-camp-in-angola-where-he-lays-a-wreath-and-pays-t.md) _Context: South Africa, apartheid_
7. [ Adriaan Vlok, South African Police Minister during the apartheid era, pleads guilty to one charge of attempted murder of black activist priest Frank Chikane by poisoning his underwear. He is given a suspended sentence of ten years in jail. ](/news/2007/08/17/adriaan-vlok-south-african-police-minister-during-the-apartheid-era-pleads-guilty-to-one-charge-of-attempted-murder-of-black-activist-pri.md) _Context: South Africa, apartheid_
8. [ Jailed policeman Eugene de Kock claims in an interview from prison that former South African President Frederik Willem de Klerk had hands "soaked in blood" and had ordered political killings and other crimes during the anti-apartheid conflict.  ](/news/2007/07/27/jailed-policeman-eugene-de-kock-claims-in-an-interview-from-prison-that-former-south-african-president-frederik-willem-de-klerk-had-hands.md) _Context: South Africa, apartheid_
9. [ The South African New National Party, successor to the National Party which governed in the apartheid era, votes to dissolve itself following poor results in last year's elections. Its elected representatives are expected to join the governing African National Congress. ](/news/2005/04/9/the-south-african-new-national-party-successor-to-the-national-party-which-governed-in-the-apartheid-era-votes-to-dissolve-itself-followi.md) _Context: South Africa, apartheid_
10. [Two people die and 17 others are injured in a stampede  at the First National Bank Stadium in Soweto, near Johannesburg, South Africa, during a soccer match between Orlando Pirates and Kaizer Chiefs. ](/news/2017/07/29/two-people-die-and-17-others-are-injured-in-a-stampede-at-the-first-national-bank-stadium-in-soweto-near-johannesburg-south-africa-durin.md) _Context: South Africa_
