### [2009-07-27](/news/2009/07/27/index.md)

#  Canada challenges the seal ban of the European Union at the World Trade Organization. 

The EU gave the final go-ahead on Monday for a ban on imports of seal products, prompting Canada to say it would launch a challenge at the World Trade Organization (WTO).


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/8171490.stm)
2. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/world/story/2009/07/27/seal-hunt-ban-eu476.html)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/worldNews/idUSTRE56Q2FN20090727?feedType=RSS&feedName=worldNews)

### Related:

1. [ Canada and European Union plan to impose a 15% tariff on some US exports because Washington has not repealed anti-dumping law the Byrd Amendment. World Trade Organization declared the law illegal last August. The products include paper, cigarettes, oysters and live swine  ](/news/2005/03/31/canada-and-european-union-plan-to-impose-a-15-tariff-on-some-us-exports-because-washington-has-not-repealed-anti-dumping-law-the-byrd-amen.md) _Context: Canadian, European Union, World Trade Organization_
2. [Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and EU officials sign the Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA). ](/news/2016/10/30/canadian-prime-minister-justin-trudeau-and-eu-officials-sign-the-comprehensive-economic-and-trade-agreement-ceta.md) _Context: Canadian, European Union_
3. [Both Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide  and Marriott International   shareholders  approve Marriott's acquisition of Starwood, which will create the world's largest  hotelier.   The deal has cleared the pre-merger antitrust reviews in the United States and Canada; approvals from the European Union and China is pending. Last week, Anbang Insurance Group topped Marriott's bid, then withdrew their offer three days later. ](/news/2016/04/8/both-starwood-hotels-and-resorts-worldwide-and-marriott-international-shareholders-approve-marriott-s-acquisition-of-starwood-which-wil.md) _Context: Canadian, European Union_
4. [ Trade officials from the United States, European Union, India and Brazil meet in New Delhi, India, to revive the World Trade Organization's Doha round of negotiations. ](/news/2007/04/11/trade-officials-from-the-united-states-european-union-india-and-brazil-meet-in-new-delhi-india-to-revive-the-world-trade-organization-s.md) _Context: European Union, World Trade Organization_
5. [ The Sixth Ministerial Conference of the World Trade Organization opened in Hong Kong. European Union Trade Commissioner Peter Mandelson said that he expected little progress on resolving disagreements between ministers. Meanwhile, some protesters from South Korea unsuccessfully attempted to bypass the cordon to reach the location of the conference by swimming across Victoria Harbour. ](/news/2005/12/13/the-sixth-ministerial-conference-of-the-world-trade-organization-opened-in-hong-kong-european-union-trade-commissioner-peter-mandelson-sai.md) _Context: European Union, World Trade Organization_
6. [ Avian influenza: Avian influenza is detected in Croatia. Six of twelve swans were infected by an H5 type of virus. The swans were found near Orahovica. It is suspected that they came to Croatia from a still unknown place in the European Union. The Australian Quarantine and Inspection Service discovers antibodies of avian influenza and newcastle disease in pigeons imported from Canada to Melbourne, leading to a blanket ban on all live bird imports from Canada. ](/news/2005/10/21/avian-influenza-p-avian-influenza-is-detected-in-croatia-six-of-twelve-swans-were-infected-by-an-h5-type-of-virus-the-swans-were-found-ne.md) _Context: Canadian, European Union_
7. [ The 148 members of the World Trade Organization officially appoint the former European Union Trade Commissioner, Pascal Lamy, as its 5th Director-General. ](/news/2005/05/27/the-148-members-of-the-world-trade-organization-officially-appoint-the-former-european-union-trade-commissioner-pascal-lamy-as-its-5th-di.md) _Context: European Union, World Trade Organization_
8. [Facing the threat of a trade war, U.S. President George W. Bush lifts 20-month-old tariffs on foreign steel. Within minutes of the announcement, the European Union announces that it is lifting its threat of sanctions on $2.2 billion of U.S. products that would have taken effect in mid-December based on a ruling from the World Trade Organization that the tariffs were in violation of global trade rules. [http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&cid=544&e=1&u=/ap/20031204/ap_on_go_pr_wh/bush_steel]](/news/2003/12/4/facing-the-threat-of-a-trade-war-u-s-president-george-w-bush-lifts-20-month-old-tariffs-on-foreign-steel-within-minutes-of-the-announcem.md) _Context: European Union, World Trade Organization_
9. [American pipeline operator Williams Partners has agreed to sell an olefins plant in Louisiana to Canadian chemical company Nova Chemicals for $2.1 billion. ](/news/2017/04/17/american-pipeline-operator-williams-partners-has-agreed-to-sell-an-olefins-plant-in-louisiana-to-canadian-chemical-company-nova-chemicals-fo.md) _Context: Canadian_
10. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: European Union_
