### [2009-07-27](/news/2009/07/27/index.md)

#  President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo delivers her last State of the Nation Address and denies plans to extend her term which end in June 2010 as plans to convene a constituent assembly to amend the constitution erupts. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/8170807.stm)
2. [Philippine Daily Inquirer](http://sona.inquirer.net/view.php?db=1&article=20090728-217574)

### Related:

1. [Philippines-United States relations. History of the Philippines (1898-1946), Philippine-American War. Balangiga massacre. During the annual State of the Nation Address through the Congress of the Philippines, President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte has outright demanded that the United States return the controversial Balangiga bells, taken during one of the campaigns of the Philippine-American War as spoils of war. Previous attempts to recover the bells have all failed so far. ](/news/2017/07/24/philippines-united-states-relations-history-of-the-philippines-1898-1946-philippine-american-war-balangiga-massacre-during-the-a.md) _Context: State of the Nation Address_
2. [The Sandiganbayan court clears former Philippines president Gloria Macapagal Arroyo in the national broadband corruption scandal. ](/news/2016/09/17/the-sandiganbayan-court-clears-former-philippines-president-gloria-macapagal-arroyo-in-the-national-broadband-corruption-scandal.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo_
3. [Former Philippine president Gloria Macapagal Arroyo has been acquitted of plunder. ](/news/2016/07/19/former-philippine-president-gloria-macapagal-arroyo-has-been-acquitted-of-plunder.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo_
4. [Celebrity British lawyer Amal Clooney files a case in the United Nations on behalf of former Philippines President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo. ](/news/2015/03/9/celebrity-british-lawyer-amal-clooney-files-a-case-in-the-united-nations-on-behalf-of-former-philippines-president-gloria-macapagal-arroyo.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo_
5. [Former Philippine First Lady Imelda Marcos visits the detained ex-President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo and criticizes the current President Benigno Aquino III as "cruel, unjust". ](/news/2014/01/23/former-philippine-first-lady-imelda-marcos-visits-the-detained-ex-president-gloria-macapagal-arroyo-and-criticizes-the-current-president-ben.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo_
6. [Former Philippine President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo is arrested in hospital on new charges of allegedly misusing state funds while in office. ](/news/2012/10/4/former-philippine-president-gloria-macapagal-arroyo-is-arrested-in-hospital-on-new-charges-of-allegedly-misusing-state-funds-while-in-office.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo_
7. [Former President of the Philippines Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo is arrested over charges of electoral fraud. ](/news/2011/11/18/former-president-of-the-philippines-gloria-macapagal-arroyo-is-arrested-over-charges-of-electoral-fraud.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo_
8. [The Philippine House of Representatives votes to impeach the Ombudsman, Merceditas Gutierrez, for allegedly failing to investigate former President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo and other senior officials of her administration with sufficient vigor. ](/news/2011/03/22/the-philippine-house-of-representatives-votes-to-impeach-the-ombudsman-merceditas-gutierrez-for-allegedly-failing-to-investigate-former-pr.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo_
9. [Opening of the 15th Congress of the Philippines: [http://www.channelnewsasia.com/stories/afp_asiapacific/view/1071594/1/.html Channel NewsAsia]. Juan Ponce Enrile is elected as Senate President. Feliciano Belmonte is elected Speaker of the House of Representatives.. President Benigno Aquino III delivers his first State of the Nation Address.](/news/2010/07/26/opening-of-the-15th-congress-of-the-philippines-http-www-channelnewsasia-com-stories-afp_asiapacific-view-1071594-1-html-channel-newsas.md) _Context: State of the Nation Address_
10. [Philippine general election, 2010. Mayor Jejomar Binay and Senator Mar Roxas are still in a tight race for the vice-presidency. [http://newsinfo.inquirer.net/topstories/topstories/view/20100512-269597/Roxas-Binay-camps-trade-barbs-as-VP-race-heats-up "(Philippine Daily Inquirer)"]. Philippine President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo is elected as representative of Pampanga, the first outgoing president to be elected to the House of Representatives. [http://www.gmanews.tv/eleksyon2010/story/news/190811/arroyo-proclaimed-as-pampanga-congresswoman (GMA News)]. Former First Lady Imelda Marcos is elected as representative of Ilocos Norte. [http://newsinfo.inquirer.net/breakingnews/nation/view/20100511-269426/Imelda-Marcos-wins-big "(Philippine Daily Inquirer)"]. World-renowned boxer Manny Pacquiao is elected as representative of Sarangani. [http://www.philstar.com/Article.aspx?articleId=574540&publicationSubCategoryId=63 "(Philippine Star)"]](/news/2010/05/12/philippine-general-election-2010-mayor-jejomar-binay-and-senator-mar-roxas-are-still-in-a-tight-race-for-the-vice-presidency-http-news.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo_
