### [2014-12-28](/news/2014/12/28/index.md)

# The Italian-owned MS ''Norman Atlantic'' catches fire on a ferry run from Greece to Italy 44 nautical miles northwest of Corfu, with 222 vehicles, 411 passengers and 5 crew on board. Greek and Italian officials report at least one person is dead. 

Rescue workers are battling to airlift passengers off a burning ferry adrift in the Adriatic Sea. Italian and Greek helicopter crews contended with darkness and bad weather to pluck passengers off the Italian-flagged Norman Atlantic and transfer them to a nearby vessel, after a dramatic day that began when a fire broke out on its lower deck in the early hours.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-30615721)
2. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/norman-atlantic-ablaze-major-rescue-under-way-as-greeceitaly-ferry-evacuated-in-high-winds-9946679.html)

### Related:

1. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Greek, Italian_
2. [European Union members agree to provide 291 border guards to Greece and Italy to help identify and register migrants. ](/news/2015/10/20/european-union-members-agree-to-provide-291-border-guards-to-greece-and-italy-to-help-identify-and-register-migrants.md) _Context: Greek, Italian_
3. [Nigerian Sharia conflict:Nigerian militants belonging to Ansar al-Muslimeen claim responsibility to kidnapping and killing Italian, Greek, and British construction workers in Northern Nigeria. ](/news/2013/03/10/nigerian-sharia-conflict-pnigerian-militants-belonging-to-ansar-al-muslimeen-claim-responsibility-to-kidnapping-and-killing-italian-greek.md) _Context: Greek, Italian_
4. [Nigerian Sharia conflict:In Nigeria six foreign workers, of which one Italian, one Greek and two Lebanese, are kidnapped in a construction site, one security guard is killed. ](/news/2013/02/17/nigerian-sharia-conflict-pin-nigeria-six-foreign-workers-of-which-one-italian-one-greek-and-two-lebanese-are-kidnapped-in-a-construction.md) _Context: Greek, Italian_
5. [Protests against unemployment and austerity measures take place across several European countries.  The largest protests reportedly take place in Spain and Portugal, with smaller protests in Greece, Italy, and Belgium. ](/news/2012/11/14/protests-against-unemployment-and-austerity-measures-take-place-across-several-european-countries-the-largest-protests-reportedly-take-pla.md) _Context: Greek, Italian_
6. [Euro zone leaders secure a EUR109 billion bailout for Greece with the country going into default for a short period, but with increased powers for the main European rescue fund to assist countries that have not been bailed out, such as Spain and Italy. ](/news/2011/07/21/euro-zone-leaders-secure-a-a-109-billion-bailout-for-greece-with-the-country-going-into-default-for-a-short-period-but-with-increased-powe.md) _Context: Greek, Italian_
7. [One German and one Italian man are killed and at least 6 are injured near Marseille in a collision between a 26-foot wave and the Greek-Cypriot cruise ship ''Louise Majesty'' which was travelling with 2,000 passengers from Barcelona to Genoa. ](/news/2010/03/3/one-german-and-one-italian-man-are-killed-and-at-least-6-are-injured-near-marseille-in-a-collision-between-a-26-foot-wave-and-the-greek-cypr.md) _Context: Greek, Italian_
8. [ UNESCO designates 22 new World Heritage Sites, including the Sydney Opera House; Canada's Rideau Canal; Japan's Iwami Ginzan Silver Mine; Turkmenistan's Parthian Fortresses of Nisa; India's Red Fort complexes; the Lope-Okanda Landscape of Gabon; the Richtersveld desert of South Africa; the rock carvings of Twyfelfontein in Namibia; the fortified tower houses of Guangdong Province in the People's Republic of China; Teide National Park in the Canary Islands, Spain; the ancient beech forests of Central Europe; Mehmed Pasa Sokolovic Bridge in Bosnia and Herzegovina; Bordeaux and the Port de la Lune in France; the Old Town of Corfu in Greece; and the Palace of Galerius in Gamzigrad-Romuliana in Serbia. ](/news/2007/06/28/unesco-designates-22-new-world-heritage-sites-including-the-sydney-opera-house-canada-s-rideau-canal-japan-s-iwami-ginzan-silver-mine-t.md) _Context: Corfu, Greek_
9. [A TrainOSE passenger train derails near the Greek village of Adendro, leaving at least four people dead and five seriously injured. ](/news/2017/05/13/a-trainose-passenger-train-derails-near-the-greek-village-of-adendro-leaving-at-least-four-people-dead-and-five-seriously-injured.md) _Context: Greek_
10. [An Italian prosecutor says there are "telephone calls" between people smugglers in Libya and some non-governmental organizations. Frontex, the European Border and Coast Guard Agency, says the practices amount to a "taxi service". One NGO says "more would die" if they were not there. ](/news/2017/04/23/an-italian-prosecutor-says-there-are-telephone-calls-between-people-smugglers-in-libya-and-some-non-governmental-organizations-frontex-t.md) _Context: Italian_
