### [2014-03-1](/news/2014/03/1/index.md)

# Proposals to change the automatic trade union affiliation with the UK Labour Party are passed at a special party conference vote by 86% to 14%. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-26381922)

### Related:

1. [United Kingdom general election, 2017: Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-c.md) _Context: Labour_
2. [United Kingdom local elections, 2017: Results from yesterday's elections show significant swings towards the Conservative Party and away from the Labour Party. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-kingdom-local-elections-2017-results-from-yesterday-s-elections-show-significant-swings-towards-the-conservative-party-and-away-fro.md) _Context: Labour_
3. [United Kingdom general election, 2017: Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn debates with Conservative leader Theresa May. ](/news/2017/05/29/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-debates-with-conservative-leader-theresa-may.md) _Context: Labour_
4. [United Kingdom general election, 2017: The Communist Party of Britain announces it will not field any candidates in the upcoming general election for the first time since its formation in 1920, and endorses Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, saying victory for Mr Corbyn at the general election in June would be -the first step towards a formation of left-led government at Westminster-. ](/news/2017/04/24/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-the-communist-party-of-britain-announces-it-will-not-field-any-candidates-in-the-upcoming-general-ele.md) _Context: Labour_
5. [United Kingdom general election, 2017: British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held.md) _Context: Labour_
6. [United Kingdom by-elections: Labour's Gareth Snell holds off UKIP's leader Paul Nuttall to win the Stoke-on-Trent Central by-election, while Conservative Party candidate Trudy Harrison wins the Copeland by-election, the first gain for a governing party since 1982. ](/news/2017/02/23/united-kingdom-by-elections-labour-s-gareth-snell-holds-off-ukip-s-leader-paul-nuttall-to-win-the-stoke-on-trent-central-by-election-while.md) _Context: Labour_
7. [Labour Party (UK) leadership election, 2016: London Mayor Sadiq Khan calls on fellow Labour Party members to remove Jeremy Corbyn in the upcoming party leadership election. ](/news/2016/08/21/labour-party-uk-leadership-election-2016-london-mayor-sadiq-khan-calls-on-fellow-labour-party-members-to-remove-jeremy-corbyn-in-the-upc.md) _Context: Labour_
8. [Labour Party leadership election, 2016: Britain's Court of Appeal, reversing Monday's High Court decision, rules the Labour Party has the right to prevent up to 130,000 new members who joined less than six months ago from voting in the party's leadership contest between incumbent Jeremy Corbyn and legislator Owen Smith. An appeal to the United Kingdom Supreme Court is possible. ](/news/2016/08/12/labour-party-leadership-election-2016-britain-s-court-of-appeal-reversing-monday-s-high-court-decision-rules-the-labour-party-has-the-ri.md) _Context: Labour_
9. [Labour Party (UK) leadership crisis, 2016: The former Shadow Leader of the House of Commons Angela Eagle formally announces her bid to become the new leader of the Labour Party after Jeremy Corbyn refused calls to resign. ](/news/2016/07/11/labour-party-uk-leadership-crisis-2016-the-former-shadow-leader-of-the-house-of-commons-angela-eagle-formally-announces-her-bid-to-becom.md) _Context: Labour_
10. [ Labour Party MP Jo Cox dies at Leeds General Infirmary after being shot and stabbed as she prepared to hold a meeting with constituents in Birstall, West Yorkshire, United Kingdom. A woman suffered serious injuries; a man was slightly wounded. West Yorkshire police have arrested a 52-year-old male suspect. ](/news/2016/06/16/labour-party-mp-jo-cox-dies-at-leeds-general-infirmary-after-being-shot-and-stabbed-as-she-prepared-to-hold-a-meeting-with-constituents-in.md) _Context: Labour_
