### [2014-03-1](/news/2014/03/1/index.md)

# Russian President Vladimir Putin formally asks the Federation Council of the Russian Parliament for approval to use armed forces in Ukraine. He receives unanimous support. The Council also demands for President Putin to recall the Russian Federation ambassador to the United States. 

Russian President Vladimir Putin has requested the use of Russian military forces in Ukraine to settle the situation there. The Russian population and the Crimea-based Black Sea Fleet are threatened by the situation in the country, he said.


### Source:

1. [AP](http://hosted2.ap.org/APDEFAULT/3d281c11a96b4ad082fe88aa0db04305/Article_2014-03-01-Ukraine/id-35029fd202ca4404a1b86a5c7241a47a)
2. [Associated Press](http://www.cnbc.com/id/101449482)
3. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-26400035)
4. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-26400597)
5. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2014/02/28/politics/obama-remarks-on-ukraine/index.html)
6. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/video/data/2.0/video/world/2014/03/01/newday-pleitgen-russia-okays-troops-ukraine.cnn.html)
7. [Russia Today](http://rt.com/news/russia-troops-ukraine-possible-359/)

### Related:

1. [Members of the Russian Parliament propose new laws that would make it easier for Russia to incorporate parts of Ukraine. ](/news/2014/02/28/members-of-the-russian-parliament-propose-new-laws-that-would-make-it-easier-for-russia-to-incorporate-parts-of-ukraine.md) _Context: 2014 Crimean crisis, 2014 Ukrainian revolution, Ukraine_
2. [At the Munich Security Conference, a truce between Russian-backed separatists and the Ukrainian army, per the Minsk Protocol, takes effect Monday. Pending a permanent political agreement, Russian President Vladimir Putin orders that   civil registration documents issued in separatist-held areas of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine be temporarily recognized.  Ukrainian authorities say this violates provisions in the Minsk agreement. This is the third such agreement because the previous two in 2014 and 2015 were violated. Low-level fighting and artillery fire never fully stopped. ](/news/2017/02/18/at-the-munich-security-conference-a-truce-between-russian-backed-separatists-and-the-ukrainian-army-per-the-minsk-protocol-takes-effect-m.md) _Context: Ukraine, Vladimir Putin_
3. [The European Union extends  the asset freeze and travel ban against 146 persons and 37 entities, including close associates of Russian President Vladimir Putin, by six months until 15 March 2017 for the annexation of Crimea from Ukraine. ](/news/2016/09/15/the-european-union-extends-the-asset-freeze-and-travel-ban-against-146-persons-and-37-entities-including-close-associates-of-russian-presi.md) _Context: Ukraine, Vladimir Putin_
4. [Russia-United States relations,  U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry leaves for Moscow for talks on Syria and Ukraine with Russian President Vladimir Putin and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on  Wednesday. Kerry is also  expected to discuss the case of Ukrainian pilot Nadiya Savchenko,  who today was sentenced to 22 years in prison in the city of Donetsk. ](/news/2016/03/22/russiaaunited-states-relations-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-leaves-for-moscow-for-talks-on-syria-and-ukraine-with-russian-presiden.md) _Context: Ukraine, Vladimir Putin_
5. [Poland's parliamentary speaker, Radoslaw Sikorski, says that Russian President Vladimir Putin proposed to Poland's then leader Donald Tusk in 2008 that they divide Ukraine between themselves. Sikorski later retracted the claim stating he had "mis-remembered". ](/news/2014/10/21/poland-s-parliamentary-speaker-radoslaw-sikorski-says-that-russian-president-vladimir-putin-proposed-to-poland-s-then-leader-donald-tusk-i.md) _Context: Ukraine, Vladimir Putin_
6. [The local KGB in Minsk arrests about 100 Ukrainian and 30 Belarusian soccer fans at a qualifying match between Ukraine and Belarus for the 2016 European Championship after they a sang the song, Putin-Huilo! (which roughly translates as "Putin is a dickhead!"). ](/news/2014/10/10/the-local-kgb-in-minsk-arrests-about-100-ukrainian-and-30-belarusian-soccer-fans-at-a-qualifying-match-between-ukraine-and-belarus-for-the-2.md) _Context: Ukraine, Vladimir Putin_
7. [Japan imposes additional sanctions on Russia due to the Ukraine conflict and a visit by an aide of the President of Russia Vladimir Putin to a contested island off the coast off northern Japan. ](/news/2014/09/24/japan-imposes-additional-sanctions-on-russia-due-to-the-ukraine-conflict-and-a-visit-by-an-aide-of-the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-to.md) _Context: Ukraine, Vladimir Putin_
8. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:The President of Russia Vladimir Putin meets with the President of Ukraine Petro Poroshenko in Minsk, Belarus, as disputes in eastern Ukraine continue. ](/news/2014/08/26/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-pthe-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-meets-with-the-president-of-ukraine-petro-poroshenko-in-minsk-be.md) _Context: Ukraine, Vladimir Putin_
9. [Analysts of Morgan Stanley predict that Russian President Vladimir Putin would soon block the transit of gas through Ukraine to Europe to retaliate against the world for imposing economic sanctions on Russia. ](/news/2014/07/30/analysts-of-morgan-stanley-predict-that-russian-president-vladimir-putin-would-soon-block-the-transit-of-gas-through-ukraine-to-europe-to-re.md) _Context: Ukraine, Vladimir Putin_
10. [Russian President Vladimir Putin formally asks Russia's upper house of parliament to revoke the right that it earlier granted for Russian forces to intervene militarily in Ukraine in defense of Russian-speakers there. ](/news/2014/06/24/russian-president-vladimir-putin-formally-asks-russia-s-upper-house-of-parliament-to-revoke-the-right-that-it-earlier-granted-for-russian-fo.md) _Context: Russia's upper house of parliament, Vladimir Putin_
