### [2014-03-1](/news/2014/03/1/index.md)

# Sultan Abdul Halim Muadzam Shah Bridge or the Penang Second Bridge, Southeast Asia's longest bridge over water in Penang, Malaysia is officially opened.




### Related:

1. [2016 Southeast Asian haze: In 2015, more than 100,000 people in Indonesia, Malaysia, and Singapore may have died as a result of forest fires in Southeast Asia. The continued poor air quality also continues to affect the health of more than 42 million Indonesians. ](/news/2016/09/19/2016-southeast-asian-haze-in-2015-more-than-100-000-people-in-indonesia-malaysia-and-singapore-may-have-died-as-a-result-of-forest-fires.md) _Context: Asia, Malaysia_
2. [2014-16 El Nino event: A severe heat wave grips Malaysia as much of Southeast Asia struggles with unusually hot and dry weather created by the El Nino season. Temperatures in Malaysia soared above 37degC, prompting more than 250 schools to close. ](/news/2016/04/11/2014-16-el-nia-o-event-a-severe-heat-wave-grips-malaysia-as-much-of-southeast-asia-struggles-with-unusually-hot-and-dry-weather-created-b.md) _Context: Asia, Malaysia_
3. [ The Malaysian opposition party PAS defeats the government party UMNO in the by-election at Permatang Pasir, Penang. ](/news/2009/08/25/the-malaysian-opposition-party-pas-defeats-the-government-party-umno-in-the-by-election-at-permatang-pasir-penang.md) _Context: Malaysia, Penang_
4. [ The People's Justice Party wins the by-election in Penanti, Penang, Malaysia. ](/news/2009/05/31/the-people-s-justice-party-wins-the-by-election-in-penanti-penang-malaysia.md) _Context: Malaysia, Penang_
5. [ A $280,000 Porsche 911 is stolen from a showroom in Penang, Malaysia and following recovery from the police is stolen again on the same night.](/news/2007/07/16/a-280-000-porsche-911-is-stolen-from-a-showroom-in-penang-malaysia-and-following-recovery-from-the-police-is-stolen-again-on-the-same-nig.md) _Context: Malaysia, Penang_
6. [Effects of global warming on South Asia: New research suggests that large parts of Southern Asia may be uninhabitable by 2100 due to levels of humidity dangerous to humans. ](/news/2017/08/2/effects-of-global-warming-on-south-asia-new-research-suggests-that-large-parts-of-southern-asia-may-be-uninhabitable-by-2100-due-to-levels.md) _Context: Asia_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.: Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey: Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.: 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.: United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.: Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.: Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.: Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-: ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Malaysia_
8. [Piracy in the Sulu Sea: Indonesia, Malaysia and the Philippines begin joint patrols in the pirate havens within the Celebes and Sulu Seas. ](/news/2017/06/19/piracy-in-the-sulu-sea-indonesia-malaysia-and-the-philippines-begin-joint-patrols-in-the-pirate-havens-within-the-celebes-and-sulu-seas.md) _Context: Malaysia_
9. [Malaysia-North Korea relations: North Korea temporarily bans all Malaysian nationals (estimated to be at least 11 people including embassy employees) from leaving the country amid a growing dispute between the two countries over the death of Kim Jong-nam, the half-brother of Kim Jong-un. Malaysian official Khairy Jamaluddin calls the move "tantamount to taking hostages". ](/news/2017/03/7/malaysia-north-korea-relations-north-korea-temporarily-bans-all-malaysian-nationals-estimated-to-be-at-least-11-people-including-embassy.md) _Context: Malaysia_
10. [Malaysia-North Korea relations: Malaysia expels Kang Chol, North Korea's ambassador, after he criticised the former's investigation into the death of Kim Jong-nam. ](/news/2017/03/4/malaysia-north-korea-relations-malaysia-expels-kang-chol-north-korea-s-ambassador-after-he-criticised-the-former-s-investigation-into-t.md) _Context: Malaysia_
