### [2012-10-1](/news/2012/10/1/index.md)

# 2011-present Libyan factional fighting: Chairman of the General National Congress Mohamed Yousef el-Magariaf says that al-Qaeda elements, who fought alongside the rebels in the Libyan Civil War, number "up to 200" in Libya now. 




### Source:

1. [Al-Hayat](http://translate.google.com/translate?sl=ar&tl=en&js=n&prev=_t&hl=en&ie=UTF-8&layout=2&eotf=1&u=http%3A%2F%2Falhayat.com%2FDetails%2F440055)

### Related:

1. [2011-present Libyan factional fighting:. Authorities in Tripoli announce the capture of Muammar Gaddafi's former spokesman Moussa Ibrahim near the town of Tarhouna, 40 miles south of the capital Tripoli. Ibrahim's whereabouts had been unknown since the end of the civil war in 2011 and there had been several earlier reports of his arrest. Hours later an audio message purported to be by Ibrahim appears online, in which he denies being captured or even being in Libya. ](/news/2012/10/20/2011-present-libyan-factional-fighting-authorities-in-tripoli-announce-the-capture-of-muammar-gaddafi-s-former-spokesman-moussa-ibrahim.md) _Context: 2011-present Libyan factional fighting, Libyan Civil War_
2. [Libya Abdullah Al-Sha Mausoleum's destruction:. The president of Libya's newly elected legislative congress, Mohamed Yousef el-Magariaf, calls the prime minister to an emergency meeting, after Saturday's bulldozing of the Sidi el-Sha'ab mausoleum in Tripoli by unnamed organized assailants. ](/news/2012/08/26/libya-abdullah-al-sha-mausoleum-s-destruction-the-president-of-libya-s-newly-elected-legislative-congress-mohamed-yousef-el-magariaf-cal.md) _Context: Libyan Parliament, Mohamed Yousef el-Magariaf_
3. [Libya: Unnamed organized assailants bulldoze a Sufi mosque with graves, in broad daylight in the centre of the Libyan capital Tripoli. It is the second such razing of a Sufi site in two days. De facto head of state Mohamed Yousef el-Magariaf tells reporters: "What is truly regrettable and suspicious is that some of those who took part in these destruction activities are supposed to be of the security forces and from the revolutionaries." ](/news/2012/08/25/libya-unnamed-organized-assailants-bulldoze-a-sufi-mosque-with-graves-in-broad-daylight-in-the-centre-of-the-libyan-capital-tripoli-it-is.md) _Context: 2011-present Libyan factional fighting, Mohamed Yousef el-Magariaf_
4. [Two explosions strike near government buildings in the Libyan capital of Tripoli, killing at least two people. These are the first bomb attacks since the end of the Libyan Civil War.](/news/2012/08/19/two-explosions-strike-near-government-buildings-in-the-libyan-capital-of-tripoli-killing-at-least-two-people-these-are-the-first-bomb-atta.md) _Context: 2011-present Libyan factional fighting, Libyan Civil War_
5. [Syrian Civil War. Tahrir al-Sham, al-Qaeda's branch in Syria, claims responsibility for yesterday's twin bomb attacks in Damascus which left dozens dead. ](/news/2017/03/12/syrian-civil-war-tahrir-al-sham-al-qaeda-s-branch-in-syria-claims-responsibility-for-yesterday-s-twin-bomb-attacks-in-damascus-which-left.md) _Context: al-Qaeda_
6. [The Obama Administration and Bush Administration had failed to publicly disclose up to thousands of lethal airstrikes the U.S. made in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria against ISIL, Al-Qaeda, and the Taliban via U.S. Army helicopters and drones. ](/news/2017/02/5/the-obama-administration-and-bush-administration-had-failed-to-publicly-disclose-up-to-thousands-of-lethal-airstrikes-the-u-s-made-in-afgha.md) _Context: al-Qaeda_
7. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present). Six Al Qaeda insurgents are killed by the Arab coalition in Yemen. ](/news/2016/11/8/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-six-al-qaeda-insurgents-are-killed-by-the-arab-coalition-in-yemen.md) _Context: al-Qaeda_
8. [Northern Mali conflict. Four UN peacekeepers are killed in a suspected Al-Qaeda attack in northern Mali. ](/news/2016/06/1/northern-mali-conflict-four-un-peacekeepers-are-killed-in-a-suspected-al-qaeda-attack-in-northern-mali.md) _Context: al-Qaeda_
9. [ Syrian Civil War. War on Terrorism. The Pentagon rejects a Russian proposal to stage joint airstrikes against Al-Qaeda linked groups in Syria. ](/news/2016/05/21/syrian-civil-war-war-on-terrorism-the-pentagon-rejects-a-russian-proposal-to-stage-joint-airstrikes-against-al-qaeda-linked-groups-in-syr.md) _Context: al-Qaeda_
10. [Yemeni Crisis (2011-present). Al Qaeda militants kill at least 13 Yemeni government troops near the city of Mukalla. ](/news/2016/05/12/yemeni-crisis-2011-present-al-qaeda-militants-kill-at-least-13-yemeni-government-troops-near-the-city-of-mukalla.md) _Context: al-Qaeda_
