### [1999-06-2](/news/1999/06/2/index.md)

#  After decades of fighting off outside technological influences like television, the King of Bhutan allows television transmissions to commence in the Kingdom for the first time, coinciding with the King's silver jubilee (see Bhutan Broadcasting Service).




### Related:

1. [Members of the 19th South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) summit, scheduled to be held in Pakistan during November 2016, postpone the meeting following a Indian-led boycott, including Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Bhutan in response to Pakistan's alleged involvement in a deadly terrorist attack on a Indian Army base in Uri, Jammu and Kashmir, on September 18. ](/news/2016/09/28/members-of-the-19th-south-asian-association-for-regional-cooperation-saarc-summit-scheduled-to-be-held-in-pakistan-during-november-2016.md) _Context: Bhutan_
2. [The World Wildlife Fund reports global populations of tigers, an endangered species,  are up about 20 percent over the past six years.  This increase in tiger numbers, after declining for a century, was primarily in India, Russia, Nepal, and Bhutan. The third Asian Ministerial Conference on Tiger Conservation starts Monday in New Delhi, India.  ](/news/2016/04/10/the-world-wildlife-fund-reports-global-populations-of-tigers-an-endangered-species-are-up-about-20-percent-over-the-past-six-years-this.md) _Context: Bhutan_
3. [Bhutan's four-century old Wangdue Phodrang Dzong, a ridge-top monastery, catches fire and is destroyed; however no relics were destroyed since the monastery was undergoing a renovation. ](/news/2012/06/26/bhutan-s-four-century-old-wangdue-phodrang-dzong-a-ridge-top-monastery-catches-fire-and-is-destroyed-however-no-relics-were-destroyed-sin.md) _Context: Bhutan_
4. [The King of Bhutan, Jigme Khesar Namgyal Wangchuck, marries 21-year-old college student Jetsun Pema in Punakha. ](/news/2011/10/13/the-king-of-bhutan-jigme-khesar-namgyal-wangchuck-marries-21-year-old-college-student-jetsun-pema-in-punakha.md) _Context: Bhutan_
5. [2011 Sikkim earthquake:A magnitude 6.9 earthquake occurs in northwestern Sikkim, northern India, causing shaking in parts of India, Nepal, Bhutan, Bangladesh and Tibet Autonomous Region. At least thirty seven deaths are reported. ](/news/2011/09/18/2011-sikkim-earthquake-pa-magnitude-6-9-earthquake-occurs-in-northwestern-sikkim-northern-india-causing-shaking-in-parts-of-india-nepal.md) _Context: Bhutan_
6. [Bhutan's opposition leader Tshering Tobgay condemns the country's anti-smoking law as "utter madness" as three more people are jailed for possessing cigarettes. ](/news/2011/05/27/bhutan-s-opposition-leader-tshering-tobgay-condemns-the-country-s-anti-smoking-law-as-utter-madness-as-three-more-people-are-jailed-for-po.md) _Context: Bhutan_
7. [A Buddhist monk is the first person to be charged under a strict anti-smoking law in Bhutan, introduced in 2005. ](/news/2011/01/29/a-buddhist-monk-is-the-first-person-to-be-charged-under-a-strict-anti-smoking-law-in-bhutan-introduced-in-2005.md) _Context: Bhutan_
8. [A man found dead in forest near Trongsa is thought to have been killed by a tiger, possibly Bhutan's first such death in 15 years. ](/news/2010/08/4/a-man-found-dead-in-forest-near-trongsa-is-thought-to-have-been-killed-by-a-tiger-possibly-bhutan-s-first-such-death-in-15-years.md) _Context: Bhutan_
9. [ Prime Minister of Bhutan Jigme Thinley describes an earthquake which hit the Himalayan kingdom on Monday as "one of the biggest disasters in recent times". ](/news/2009/09/23/prime-minister-of-bhutan-jigme-thinley-describes-an-earthquake-which-hit-the-himalayan-kingdom-on-monday-as-one-of-the-biggest-disasters-i.md) _Context: Bhutan_
10. [ Rescue teams scour eastern Bhutan after at least 11 people are killed by an earthquake which struck the region. ](/news/2009/09/22/rescue-teams-scour-eastern-bhutan-after-at-least-11-people-are-killed-by-an-earthquake-which-struck-the-region.md) _Context: Bhutan_
