### [2015-02-20](/news/2015/02/20/index.md)

# A fire rips through The Marina Torch apartment complex in Dubai, one of the tallest residential apartment buildings in the world. 

A fire fanned by strong winds sweeps through the Torch skyscraper in Dubai, one of the tallest residential buildings in the world.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-31562099)

### Related:

1. [2017 Dubai skyscraper fire. A fire at the 79-story Dubai Torch Tower in the United Arab Emirates, which forced nighttime evacuations, was under control in a few hours with no serious injuries immediately reported. The building's exterior was still being renovated from a fire in February, 2015, which investigators had blamed, at least in part, to flammable siding, echoing the findings of this past June's Grenfell Tower fire in London. ](/news/2017/08/4/2017-dubai-skyscraper-fire-a-fire-at-the-79-story-dubai-torch-tower-in-the-united-arab-emirates-which-forced-nighttime-evacuations-was-un.md) _Context: Dubai Torch Tower_
2. [Saeed Karimian, the founder and director of GEM TV, a Persian language network based in Dubai, is shot dead in Istanbul, Turkey, along with his Kuwaiti business partner. Karimian had previously been tried in absentia by a Tehran court and sentenced to six years in prison for spreading propaganda against Iran. ](/news/2017/04/30/saeed-karimian-the-founder-and-director-of-gem-tv-a-persian-language-network-based-in-dubai-is-shot-dead-in-istanbul-turkey-along-with.md) _Context: Dubai_
3. [Citing a drop in demand, the Dubai-based, United Arab Emirates-owned airline Emirates Air announces a cut in flights to five of its 12 U.S. destinations. The airline-s Dubai hub, third-busiest in the world, is a major stop for travelers in countries affected by President Donald Trump-s travel ban, and is also one of several Middle East airports affected by a U.S. ban on tablets, laptops, and similar devices in the passenger cabin. ](/news/2017/04/19/citing-a-drop-in-demand-the-dubai-based-united-arab-emirates-owned-airline-emirates-air-announces-a-cut-in-flights-to-five-of-its-12-u-s.md) _Context: Dubai_
4. [Yemeni Civil War. Seven Pakistani crew members on Iranian cargo ship MV "Joya", sailing from Egypt to Dubai, UAE, are killed in a rocket attack off Yemen's coast. ](/news/2016/12/22/yemeni-civil-war-seven-pakistani-crew-members-on-iranian-cargo-ship-mv-joya-sailing-from-egypt-to-dubai-uae-are-killed-in-a-rocket-att.md) _Context: Dubai_
5. [Developers announce their intention to build a new tower in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, to surpass the Burj Khalifa as the tallest structure in the world. The project is expected to be roughly $1bn (GBP710m) and scheduled to be completed for the Dubai Expo trade fair in 2020. ](/news/2016/04/10/developers-announce-their-intention-to-build-a-new-tower-in-dubai-united-arab-emirates-to-surpass-the-burj-khalifa-as-the-tallest-structur.md) _Context: Dubai_
6. [Flydubai Flight 981. Flydubai Boeing 737-800 Flight FZ981, en route from Dubai for about four hours, crashes during landing in the Russian city of Rostov-on-Don, killing all 62 on board. It appears the jet crashed in poor visibility, some 50-100 meters left of the runway, during the second approach. Rostov-on-Don Airport will remain closed until at least 9:00 am Moscow time. ](/news/2016/03/19/flydubai-flight-981-flydubai-boeing-737-800-flight-fz981-en-route-from-dubai-for-about-four-hours-crashes-during-landing-in-the-russian-c.md) _Context: Dubai_
7. [Former President Pervez Musharraf travels to Dubai for medical treatment of his back and leg, before moving on to either the U.S. or U.K. for additional treatment, spokesperson Aasia Ishaque said. Musharraf, 72, will return to Pakistan to face all pending legal cases. Earlier this week, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif-s government implemented the Supreme Court ruling, and lifted the 2013 ban that barred Musharraf from international trips. ](/news/2016/03/18/former-president-pervez-musharraf-travels-to-dubai-for-medical-treatment-of-his-back-and-leg-before-moving-on-to-either-the-u-s-or-u-k-fo.md) _Context: Dubai_
8. [Dubai says that it will continue with its Mall of the World project, despite the financial pressures created by falling oil prices. ](/news/2016/02/9/dubai-says-that-it-will-continue-with-its-mall-of-the-world-project-despite-the-financial-pressures-created-by-falling-oil-prices.md) _Context: Dubai_
9. [Four American journalists are charged by Bahrain for "unlawful obstruction of vehicles and attending unlawful gatherings." The state-run Bahrain News Agency said all were released "pending further investigations." Freelance reporter Anna Day and a film crew, who were covering the fifth anniversary of the Arab Spring uprisings, are scheduled to fly to Dubai tonight. ](/news/2016/02/16/four-american-journalists-are-charged-by-bahrain-for-unlawful-obstruction-of-vehicles-and-attending-unlawful-gatherings-the-state-run-bah.md) _Context: Dubai_
10. [November 2015 Paris attacks. The top of Dubai's Burj Khalifa, the world's tallest skyscraper, is lit up in the blue, white and red of the French flag, in tribute to France and those killed in the attacks in Paris. Other landmark buildings in the United Arab Emirates, including the sail-shaped Burj Al Arab building, also paid tribute. ](/news/2015/11/15/november-2015-paris-attacks-the-top-of-dubai-s-burj-khalifa-the-world-s-tallest-skyscraper-is-lit-up-in-the-blue-white-and-red-of-the-fr.md) _Context: Dubai_
