### [2015-02-20](/news/2015/02/20/index.md)

# Liberia lifts curfews and reopens borders from Sunday as the epidemic starts to end. 

Liberia said Friday it was lifting nationwide curfews and re-opening borders shut last year at the height of the Ebola crisis, after the retreat of an epidemic that has killed thousands.


### Source:

1. [Daily Star](http://www.dailystar.com.lb/News/World/2015/Feb-20/288207-liberia-lifts-ebola-curfew-re-opens-borders-presidency.ashx)

### Related:

1. [The World Health Organisation declares an end to the Ebola virus outbreak in West Africa with Liberia the last country to be declared free of the virus. ](/news/2016/01/14/the-world-health-organisation-declares-an-end-to-the-ebola-virus-outbreak-in-west-africa-with-liberia-the-last-country-to-be-declared-free-o.md) _Context: Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, Liberia_
2. [A 15-year-old  boy  from Liberia's Paynesville district, who  tested positive for Ebola last week, dies of the disease at a  treatment center near the capital, Monrovia, just over 11 weeks after the World Health Organization (WHO) declared the country free of the virus. The boy's father and brother, who also tested positive,  are at the center; his mother and two other siblings were admitted for observation.  In addition, 160 people who came in direct contact with the boy, are being monitored. ](/news/2015/11/24/a-15-year-old-boy-from-liberia-s-paynesville-district-who-tested-positive-for-ebola-last-week-dies-of-the-disease-at-a-treatment-cente.md) _Context: Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, Liberia_
3. [United States authorities announce mandatory Ebola screening will end for travelers from Liberia to five U.S. airports, effective September 21, 2015. Screening of travelers from Sierra Leone and Guinea will continue. ](/news/2015/09/18/united-states-authorities-announce-mandatory-ebola-screening-will-end-for-travelers-from-liberia-to-five-u-s-airports-effective-september.md) _Context: Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, Liberia_
4. [The World Health Organization declares that the outbreak of the Ebola virus has ceased in Liberia after weeks of no cases there. ](/news/2015/05/9/the-world-health-organization-declares-that-the-outbreak-of-the-ebola-virus-has-ceased-in-liberia-after-weeks-of-no-cases-there.md) _Context: Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, Liberia_
5. [Liberia's last known ebola patient is discharged from a treatment center in Monrovia. The country now needs 42 days without a subsequent diagnosed infection to be declared disease free. ](/news/2015/03/5/liberia-s-last-known-ebola-patient-is-discharged-from-a-treatment-center-in-monrovia-the-country-now-needs-42-days-without-a-subsequent-dia.md) _Context: Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, Liberia_
6. [The World Health Organization reports that the death toll in the three worst affected countries in West Africa - Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone - has passed 5,000. ](/news/2014/11/13/the-world-health-organization-reports-that-the-death-toll-in-the-three-worst-affected-countries-in-west-africa-guinea-liberia-and-sierra.md) _Context: Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, Liberia_
7. [Australia issues a blanket ban on issuing visas for residents of Liberia, Guinea and Sierra Leone, the countries worst affected by the Ebola epidemic. ](/news/2014/10/28/australia-issues-a-blanket-ban-on-issuing-visas-for-residents-of-liberia-guinea-and-sierra-leone-the-countries-worst-affected-by-the-ebola.md) _Context: Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, Liberia_
8. [The World Health Organisation and the Government of Liberia introduce a controversial program to move infected people out of their homes and into ''de facto'' shelters. ](/news/2014/09/23/the-world-health-organisation-and-the-government-of-liberia-introduce-a-controversial-program-to-move-infected-people-out-of-their-homes-and.md) _Context: Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, Liberia_
9. [ In Liberia, United Nations peacekeeping forces have sent troops and imposed a curfew to town of Harper to quell riots over alleged ritual killings ](/news/2005/01/26/in-liberia-united-nations-peacekeeping-forces-have-sent-troops-and-imposed-a-curfew-to-town-of-harper-to-quell-riots-over-alleged-ritual-k.md) _Context: Liberia, curfew_
10. [Dutch businessman Guus Kouwenhoven is found guilty of war crimes and arms trafficking for using his lumber business to sell weapons to Liberia's former president Charles Taylor during the country's civil war between 2000 and 2003 and is sentenced to 19 years in prison. ](/news/2017/04/22/dutch-businessman-guus-kouwenhoven-is-found-guilty-of-war-crimes-and-arms-trafficking-for-using-his-lumber-business-to-sell-weapons-to-liber.md) _Context: Liberia_
