### [2004-06-30](/news/2004/06/30/index.md)

#  The Israeli Supreme Court issues a landmark ruling that a 30-kilometer planned stretch of the separation barrier in eastern Jerusalem violates the legal rights of the local Palestinian population to an extent not justified by security concerns, and therefore must be changed. 




### Source:

1. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/pages/ShArt.jhtml?itemNo=446342)

### Related:

1. [8 Palestinians are injured while on restricted lands when their anti-barrier protests are broken up by Israeli forces using live ammunition and tear gas among other agents to disperse the protesters. ](/news/2011/02/19/8-palestinians-are-injured-while-on-restricted-lands-when-their-anti-barrier-protests-are-broken-up-by-israeli-forces-using-live-ammunition.md) _Context: Israel, barrier_
2. [ An American demonstrator from the International Solidarity Movement is critically wounded by Israel's Defense Forces at the West Bank barrier. ](/news/2009/03/13/an-american-demonstrator-from-the-international-solidarity-movement-is-critically-wounded-by-israel-s-defense-forces-at-the-west-bank-barri.md) _Context: Israel, barrier_
3. [ The Supreme court of Israel rejects the opinion of International Court of Justice for the removal of Israeli West Bank barrier, but calls on part of the wall to be re-routed so as not to encroach on Palestinian lands. The world court had called the barrier illegal and ordered the wall be torn down. ](/news/2005/09/15/the-supreme-court-of-israel-rejects-the-opinion-of-international-court-of-justice-for-the-removal-of-israeli-west-bank-barrier-but-calls-o.md) _Context: Israel, barrier_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israel resumes construction of one of the most controversial parts of the Israeli West Bank barrier, around the Ariel settlement, 20&nbsp;km into the West Bank. ](/news/2005/01/25/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-resumes-construction-of-one-of-the-most-controversial-parts-of-the-israeli-west-bank-barrier-around-t.md) _Context: Israel, barrier_
5. [ The United Nations General Assembly passes a [http://ods-dds-ny.un.org/doc/UNDOC/LTD/N03/638/96/PDF/N0363896.pdf?OpenElement resolution] demanding that Israel obey the International Court of Justice ruling that the West Bank barrier should be dismantled. Israel condemns the resolution and announces that it will not stop building the barrier.](/news/2004/07/21/the-united-nations-general-assembly-passes-a-http-ods-dds-ny-un-org-doc-undoc-ltd-n03-638-96-pdf-n0363896-pdf-openelement-resolution-de.md) _Context: Israel, barrier_
6. [ Israel is condemned by the International Committee of the Red Cross for the location of the Israeli West Bank barrier. The aid agency declared that the barrier at its current position was contrary to international humanitarian law and had caused extensive damage to Palestinian land and property and deprived thousands of Palestinians access to water, health care and education. ](/news/2004/02/18/israel-is-condemned-by-the-international-committee-of-the-red-cross-for-the-location-of-the-israeli-west-bank-barrier-the-aid-agency-decla.md) _Context: Israel, barrier_
7. [ The European Union strongly criticises Israel's plans to build the Israeli West Bank barrier encircling Palestinian areas on the West Bank. It also criticises the intensification of suicide attacks by Palestinians and describes Israel's building of settlements in the West Bank as an "obstacle to peace".](/news/2003/11/18/the-european-union-strongly-criticises-israel-s-plans-to-build-the-israeli-west-bank-barrier-encircling-palestinian-areas-on-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Israel, barrier_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: In Israel, a hard-hitting UN report says that Israel will effectively annex large areas of Palestinian territory as a result of the permits it intends to issue to Palestinians near the wall being built. The Israeli West Bank barrier has been built inside the internationally recognised Green Line about 18,000 acres (73&nbsp;km2) and cuts off the rest of the West Bank. It has been declared a "closed military zone".](/news/2003/11/1/israeli-palestinian-conflict-in-israel-a-hard-hitting-un-report-says-that-israel-will-effectively-annex-large-areas-of-palestinian-territ.md) _Context: Israel, barrier_
9. [It is suspected that Israeli jets bomb a military research facility near the city of Masyaf, Hama Governorate, killing at least two Syrian Army soldiers. The facility was rumoured to contain chemical weapons. ](/news/2017/09/7/it-is-suspected-that-israeli-jets-bomb-a-military-research-facility-near-the-city-of-masyaf-hama-governorate-killing-at-least-two-syrian-a.md) _Context: Israel_
10. [The Supreme Court of Israel strikes down the exemption on the conscription of ultra-Orthodox Jews. ](/news/2017/09/13/the-supreme-court-of-israel-strikes-down-the-exemption-on-the-conscription-of-ultra-orthodox-jews.md) _Context: Israel_
