### [2004-06-30](/news/2004/06/30/index.md)

#  The Spanish minister of justice, Juan Fernando Lopez Aguilar, announces a number of social bills to be introduced, including one that will legalize same-sex marriage in Spain, one that will introduce rights for common-law couples, and one that will allow transgendered people to legally change their name and sex designation without the requirement of surgery. 




### Source:

1. [abc.es](http://www.abc.es/abc/pg040701/actualidad/sociedad/sociedad/200407/01/NAC-SOC-086.asp)

### Related:

1. [President Donald Trump issues a presidential memorandum that stops funding of sex reassignment procedures for military personnel, and that denies entry of transgender individuals into the military. President Trump announced this policy change via twitter in late July. Two LGBT rights organizations filed a federal lawsuit two weeks ago arguing this policy change is unconstitutional because it denies transgender service members equal protection and due process. ](/news/2017/08/25/president-donald-trump-issues-a-presidential-memorandum-that-stops-funding-of-sex-reassignment-procedures-for-military-personnel-and-that-d.md) _Context: sex reassignment, transgender_
2. [The U.S. Department of Education's Office for Civil Rights (OCR) issues a two-year investigative report finding the Palatine, Illinois, school district unfairly denied a transgender teenager -- who was undergoing hormone therapy but had not undergone gender reassignment surgery -- access to school facilities in violation of Title IX, that bars discrimination in federally funded education programs, causing her "isolation," "ostracism" and at least one "tearful breakdown." The school district has 30 days to reach an agreement with authorities or risk losing up to $6 million in federal funding and case-referral to the Department of Justice. The "Washington Post" report called this "The Palatine standoff". ](/news/2015/11/3/the-u-s-department-of-educationas-office-for-civil-rights-ocr-issues-a-two-year-investigative-report-finding-the-palatine-illinois-sc.md) _Context: sex reassignment, transgender_
3. [Spain plans to sue leading members of the Catalan Parliament over the proposed independence referendum in Catalonia. ](/news/2017/09/7/spain-plans-to-sue-leading-members-of-the-catalan-parliament-over-the-proposed-independence-referendum-in-catalonia.md) _Context: Spanish_
4. [More than 700 Catalan mayors meet in Barcelona with Catalan President Carles Puigdemont to confirm their support for the October 1 independence referendum. Earlier this week, Spanish prosecutors warned that officials participating in this vote could be criminally charged. ](/news/2017/09/16/more-than-700-catalan-mayors-meet-in-barcelona-with-catalan-president-carles-puigdemont-to-confirm-their-support-for-the-october-1-independe.md) _Context: Spanish_
5. [Five transgender United States military personnel sue President Donald Trump and top Pentagon officials over the President's policy change announced late last month banning transgender people from serving in the military. The suit asks the court to prevent the ban from going into effect. ](/news/2017/08/9/five-transgender-united-states-military-personnel-sue-president-donald-trump-and-top-pentagon-officials-over-the-president-s-policy-change-a.md) _Context: transgender_
6. [Approximately fifty migrants are feared drowned off the coast of Morocco. Three men were rescued near Alboran Island near the coast of Spain. ](/news/2017/07/4/approximately-fifty-migrants-are-feared-drowned-off-the-coast-of-morocco-three-men-were-rescued-near-alboran-island-near-the-coast-of-spain.md) _Context: Spanish_
7. [A fire forces the evacuation of more than 22,000 concertgoers at the Tomorrowland music festival at the Parc de Can Zam in Barcelona, Spain. There were no serious injuries. This is the first time the festival has been held in Spain; Belgium had been the home since 2005. ](/news/2017/07/29/a-fire-forces-the-evacuation-of-more-than-22-000-concertgoers-at-the-tomorrowland-music-festival-at-the-parc-de-can-zam-in-barcelona-spain.md) _Context: Spanish_
8. [U.S. President Donald Trump tweets that transgender Americans will not be allowed to serve "in any capacity" in the United States Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/07/26/u-s-president-donald-trump-tweets-that-transgender-americans-will-not-be-allowed-to-serve-in-any-capacity-in-the-united-states-armed-forc.md) _Context: transgender_
9. [The remains of surrealist painter Salvador Dali are exhumed following a Madrid court order on settling the paternity claim of a woman who is allegedly the painter's natural daughter. Various experts contest the claim, noting Dali's sexual eccentrism (including a public boast about his "impotency") and that the action being against the state (Dali bequeathed his estate to Spain). If proven, this woman could assume part of Dali's estate. ](/news/2017/07/21/the-remains-of-surrealist-painter-salvador-dala-are-exhumed-following-a-madrid-court-order-on-settling-the-paternity-claim-of-a-woman-who-i.md) _Context: Spanish_
10. [A large scale international cyber-attack using the WannaCry ransomware package disrupts computer and telephone systems in thousands of cases across 99 countries. Affected organisations include: England's NHS, with doctors reporting messages demanding money; MegaFon and Sberbank in Russia; Telefonica, Iberdrola, and Gas Natural in Spain; and FedEx. ](/news/2017/05/12/a-large-scale-international-cyber-attack-using-the-wannacry-ransomware-package-disrupts-computer-and-telephone-systems-in-thousands-of-cases.md) _Context: Spanish_
