### [2007-03-10](/news/2007/03/10/index.md)

#  President George W. Bush approves 8,200 more United States troops for Iraq and Afghanistan. 




### Source:

1. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2007/03/10/AR2007031001397.html)

### Related:

1. [ Iraqi journalist Muntadhar al-Zaidi is sentenced to three years in prison for throwing shoes at then-United States President George W. Bush. ](/news/2009/03/12/iraqi-journalist-muntadhar-al-zaidi-is-sentenced-to-three-years-in-prison-for-throwing-shoes-at-then-united-states-president-george-w-bush.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, President of the United States, United States_
2. [ Iraqi Parliament Speaker Mahmoud al-Mashhadani announces his resignation because of chaos over the treatment of Muntadhar al-Zaidi, the Al-Baghdadia TV journalist who threw his shoes at United States President George W. Bush. ](/news/2008/12/17/iraqi-parliament-speaker-mahmoud-al-mashhadani-announces-his-resignation-because-of-chaos-over-the-treatment-of-muntadhar-al-zaidi-the-al.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, President of the United States, United States_
3. [ Al-Baghdadia TV journalist Muntadhar al Zaidi is subdued after throwing both his shoes at United States President George W. Bush during his farewell speech in Iraq. ](/news/2008/12/14/al-baghdadia-tv-journalist-muntadhar-al-zaidi-is-subdued-after-throwing-both-his-shoes-at-united-states-president-george-w-bush-during-his.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, President of the United States, United States_
4. [ The President of the United States George W. Bush asks the United States Congress for $189.3 billion to fund the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. ](/news/2007/10/22/the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-asks-the-united-states-congress-for-189-3-billion-to-fund-the-wars-in-iraq-and-afghanist.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, George W. Bush, Iraq, President of the United States_
5. [United States  President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Iraq, President of the United States, United States_
6. [U.S. Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Joseph Dunford makes a proposal to President Barack Obama to increase the number of American troops in Iraq, so as to help the Iraqi Army with advisors closer to the front lines and to recapture Mosul, which fell to ISIL in June 2014. ](/news/2016/03/26/u-s-chairman-of-the-joint-chiefs-of-staff-joseph-dunford-makes-a-proposal-to-president-barack-obama-to-increase-the-number-of-american-troo.md) _Context: Iraq, President of the United States, United States_
7. [United States President Barack Obama praises U.S. troops and reflects on the U.S. withdrawal from Afghanistan during his annual Christmas message from Hawaii. ](/news/2014/12/25/united-states-president-barack-obama-praises-u-s-troops-and-reflects-on-the-u-s-withdrawal-from-afghanistan-during-his-annual-christmas-me.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, President of the United States, United States_
8. [France announces plans to withdraw troops from Afghanistan in a similar timeframe to that announced for United States forces by President Barack Obama yesterday. ](/news/2011/06/23/france-announces-plans-to-withdraw-troops-from-afghanistan-in-a-similar-timeframe-to-that-announced-for-united-states-forces-by-president-ba.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, President of the United States, United States_
9. [President of the United States Barack Obama delivers a televised Oval Office address to the United States commemorating the end of United States armed forces being directly involved in fighting in Iraq. ](/news/2010/08/31/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-delivers-a-televised-oval-office-address-to-the-united-states-commemorating-the-end-of-united-st.md) _Context: Iraq, President of the United States, United States_
10. [ United States President Barack Obama and Russian President Dmitry Medvedev agree on cutting their nuclear warheads and cooperate on military action in Afghanistan. ](/news/2009/07/6/united-states-president-barack-obama-and-russian-president-dmitry-medvedev-agree-on-cutting-their-nuclear-warheads-and-cooperate-on-militar.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, President of the United States, United States_
