### [2005-01-10](/news/2005/01/10/index.md)

#  Mahmoud Abbas is officially declared winner of the Palestinian presidential election, with 62.3% of the votes cast. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4160171.stm)

### Related:

1. [Palestinian rioters set fire to the building containing Joseph's Tomb in the West Bank city of Nablus causing heavy damage to the structure before the fire is put out. Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas condemns the attack. ](/news/2015/10/16/palestinian-rioters-set-fire-to-the-building-containing-joseph-s-tomb-in-the-west-bank-city-of-nablus-causing-heavy-damage-to-the-structure.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian_
2. [The BBC reports that rival Palestinian factions have agreed to form a government led by President Mahmoud Abbas ahead of elections. ](/news/2012/02/6/the-bbc-reports-that-rival-palestinian-factions-have-agreed-to-form-a-government-led-by-president-mahmoud-abbas-ahead-of-elections.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A ceasefire commences between Israeli and Palestinian fighters in the Gaza Strip. It followed negotiations between the Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert. ](/news/2006/11/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-a-ceasefire-commences-between-israeli-and-palestinian-fighters-in-the-gaza-strip-it-followed-negotiations-b.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A truce is declared between Israel and the Palestinian Authority.  Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian Authority, and Ariel Sharon, the Prime Minister of Israel,  shook hands at a four-way summit at Sharm el-Sheikh that was also attended by Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and Jordan's King Abdullah.  Palestinian organization Hamas says it is not bound by the ceasefire.  ](/news/2005/02/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-truce-is-declared-between-israel-and-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palest.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel releases 500 Palestinian prisoners, as a gesture of goodwill to the Palestinian Authority and to its chairman, Mahmoud Abbas. Israel plans to release another 400 Palestinian prisoners within the next 3 months. ](/news/2005/02/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-israel-releases-500-palestinian-prisoners-as-a-gesture-of-goodwill-to-the-palestinian-authority-and-to-its.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas travels to the Gaza Strip to persuade militant groups to join the ceasefire announced with Israel three days ago. ](/news/2005/02/11/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-leader-mahmoud-abbas-travels-to-the-gaza-strip-to-persuade-militant-groups-to-join-the-ceasefire.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian_
7. [ After a 66% turnout and extended hours, an exit poll shows Mahmoud Abbas winning the Palestinian presidential election with two-thirds of the vote and  challenger Mustafa Barghouti getting 19.7%. ](/news/2005/01/9/after-a-66-turnout-and-extended-hours-an-exit-poll-shows-mahmoud-abbas-winning-the-palestinian-presidential-election-with-two-thirds-of-t.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian presidential election_
8. [ Palestinian presidential election: Mahmoud Abbas (a.k.a. Abu Mazen) is sworn in as president of the Palestinian Authority in a ceremony in the West Bank town of Ramallah, six days after winning the Palestinian presidential election. ](/news/2005/01/15/palestinian-presidential-election-p-mahmoud-abbas-a-k-a-abu-mazen-is-sworn-in-as-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-in-a-ceremony-in.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian presidential election_
9. [  Mahmoud Abbas, the new Palestinian President, has called for an end to the violence, and a mutual ceasefire between the Israelis and the Palestinian Militant factions.  ](/news/2005/01/15/mahmoud-abbas-the-new-palestinian-president-has-called-for-an-end-to-the-violence-and-a-mutual-ceasefire-between-the-israelis-and-the-p.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas_
