### [2005-01-10](/news/2005/01/10/index.md)

#  Tides of over 2 meters inundate Port Blair, Andaman Islands, India, raising fears that the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake has changed tidal patterns.  




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/4162425.stm)

### Related:

1. [Several dozen Rohingya boat refugees from Bangladesh and Myanmar are accepted to India at Port Blair in the Andaman Islands after being detained by the Thai Navy and rejected at sea, but face repatriation to Bangladesh. ](/news/2011/02/8/several-dozen-rohingya-boat-refugees-from-bangladesh-and-myanmar-are-accepted-to-india-at-port-blair-in-the-andaman-islands-after-being-deta.md) _Context: Andaman Islands, India, Port Blair_
2. [The last native of India's Andaman Islands fluent in the Aka-Bo language dies, rendering the language extinct. ](/news/2010/02/5/the-last-native-of-india-s-andaman-islands-fluent-in-the-aka-bo-language-dies-rendering-the-language-extinct.md) _Context: Andaman Islands, India_
3. [ Two strong earthquakes hit Asia; a 7.6 magnitude quake off the Indian Andaman Islands and a 6.5 magnitude quake in the Tokyo area of Japan, killing one and injuring dozens. ](/news/2009/08/11/two-strong-earthquakes-hit-asia-a-7-6-magnitude-quake-off-the-indian-andaman-islands-and-a-6-5-magnitude-quake-in-the-tokyo-area-of-japan.md) _Context: Andaman Islands, India_
4. [ Indian divers have found more evidence of possible underwater ruins of a port city near the Tamil Nadu coast. The ruins were revealed after the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake. Archaeological Survey of India connects them to the legendary city of Mahabalipuram ](/news/2005/02/27/indian-divers-have-found-more-evidence-of-possible-underwater-ruins-of-a-port-city-near-the-tamil-nadu-coast-the-ruins-were-revealed-after.md) _Context: 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake, India_
5. [ 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake: World leaders gather in Jakarta, Indonesia, for an emergency summit with the United Nations. Aid pledges since the Asian Tsunami disaster are near USD 4 billion (EUR 3 billion). Nearly 150,000 people have been confirmed dead in the four hardest hit nations - Indonesia, India, Sri Lanka and Thailand. ](/news/2005/01/6/2004-indian-ocean-earthquake-world-leaders-gather-in-jakarta-indonesia-for-an-emergency-summit-with-the-united-nations-aid-pledges-sinc.md) _Context: 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake, India_
6. [India increases its military alert amid a border standoff with the People's Liberation Army of China at Doklam. ](/news/2017/08/12/india-increases-its-military-alert-amid-a-border-standoff-with-the-people-s-liberation-army-of-china-at-doklam.md) _Context: India_
7. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: India_
8. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
9. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
10. [At least 17 people are killed in a building collapse in the Indian city of Mumbai with at least 13 injured and twelve people unaccounted for. ](/news/2017/07/26/at-least-17-people-are-killed-in-a-building-collapse-in-the-indian-city-of-mumbai-with-at-least-13-injured-and-twelve-people-unaccounted-for.md) _Context: India_
