### [2015-11-2](/news/2015/11/2/index.md)

# 2015 Southeast Asian haze. The Indonesian state of Riau extends its haze emergency by another month while four airports in Sumatra and Kalimantan remain shut. 

JAKARTA • The authorities in Riau, the Indonesian province that is second-closest to Singapore, have extended its haze emergency status by another month even as four airports in Sumatra and Kalimantan stayed shut over the weekend.. Read more at straitstimes.com.


### Source:

1. [Straits Times](http://www.straitstimes.com/asia/se-asia/riau-extends-haze-emergency-by-a-month)

### Related:

1. [2015 Southeast Asian haze. The Indonesian province of Riau declares a state of emergency due to high levels of smoke haze from forest fires in Riau, Jambi and South Sumatra that have led thousands of people to flee the capital Pekanbaru. ](/news/2015/09/15/2015-southeast-asian-haze-the-indonesian-province-of-riau-declares-a-state-of-emergency-due-to-high-levels-of-smoke-haze-from-forest-fires.md) _Context: Indonesia, Riau, recent incident of hazes in 2015_
2. [Earthquakes in 2017. A magnitude 6.4 earthquake occurs off the Indonesian island of Sumatra. There are no reports of casualties or structural damage to buildings. ](/news/2017/08/13/earthquakes-in-2017-a-magnitude-6-4-earthquake-occurs-off-the-indonesian-island-of-sumatra-there-are-no-reports-of-casualties-or-structura.md) _Context: Indonesia, Sumatra_
3. [Indonesia's Mount Sinabung erupts, killing at least six people in Sumatra. ](/news/2016/05/22/indonesia-s-mount-sinabung-erupts-killing-at-least-six-people-in-sumatra.md) _Context: Indonesia, Sumatra_
4. [2016 Sumatra earthquake. The Meteorological, Climatological and Geophysical Agency of Indonesia (BMKG) and the Australian Bureau of Meteorology (BOM) issue tsunami warnings, after an undersea 7.9 magnitude earthquake strikes southwest of Sumatra, in the Indian Ocean. ](/news/2016/03/2/2016-sumatra-earthquake-the-meteorological-climatological-and-geophysical-agency-of-indonesia-bmkg-and-the-australian-bureau-of-meteorol.md) _Context: Indonesia, Sumatra_
5. [2015 Southeast Asian haze. Scientists report fires raging in Indonesia have hit Borneo's orangutans particularly hard. Borneo is home to about 30 percent of the world's wild orangutans, an endangered species. Smoke has already displaced many orangutans and caused health problems related to smoke inhalation, according to the Borneo Orangutan Survival Foundation (BOSF). ](/news/2015/11/3/2015-southeast-asian-haze-scientists-report-fires-raging-in-indonesia-have-hit-borneo-s-orangutans-particularly-hard-borneo-is-home-to-abo.md) _Context: Indonesia, recent incident of hazes in 2015_
6. [2015 Southeast Asian haze. Indonesian forest fires have advanced into dense forest on Borneo and now threaten one third of the world-s remaining wild orangutans, say conservationists. ](/news/2015/10/27/2015-southeast-asian-haze-indonesian-forest-fires-have-advanced-into-dense-forest-on-borneo-and-now-threaten-one-third-of-the-world-s-rem.md) _Context: Indonesia, recent incident of hazes in 2015_
7. [An overloaded wooden boat with Sumatra-bound migrants sinks off the coast of Malaysia killing at least 15 people, 13 of which are women. Nearby fisherman rescue 19 people with more than 40 missing. The Malaysian Maritime Enforcement Agency states that the boat was taking migrant workers home to Tanjung Balai in Indonesia's Sumatra province for the Hari Raya Haji celebration. ](/news/2015/09/3/an-overloaded-wooden-boat-with-sumatra-bound-migrants-sinks-off-the-coast-of-malaysia-killing-at-least-15-people-13-of-which-are-women-nea.md) _Context: Indonesia, Sumatra_
8. [2015 Southeast Asian haze. Singapore closes its primary and secondary schools as smoke from the Indonesian fires raises air pollution to hazardous levels. ](/news/2015/09/25/2015-southeast-asian-haze-singapore-closes-its-primary-and-secondary-schools-as-smoke-from-the-indonesian-fires-raises-air-pollution-to-haz.md) _Context: Indonesia, recent incident of hazes in 2015_
9. [2015 Southeast Asian haze. The haze from Indonesian forest fires worsens leaving Singapore and parts of Indonesia and Malaysia covered in smog. ](/news/2015/09/22/2015-southeast-asian-haze-the-haze-from-indonesian-forest-fires-worsens-leaving-singapore-and-parts-of-indonesia-and-malaysia-covered-in-sm.md) _Context: Indonesia, recent incident of hazes in 2015_
10. [Seventeen students are killed and five injured when a truck carrying them to school overturns on the Indonesian island of Sumatra. ](/news/2015/05/28/seventeen-students-are-killed-and-five-injured-when-a-truck-carrying-them-to-school-overturns-on-the-indonesian-island-of-sumatra.md) _Context: Indonesia, Sumatra_
