### [2015-11-2](/news/2015/11/2/index.md)

# A day after Sunday's  trilateral summit between China, Japan, and South Korea, South Korean President Park Geun-hye and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe  are meeting in Seoul. The two countries haven't met  in over three years. Expected topics include trade ties, North Korea's pursuit of nuclear bombs, and long-running disputes over Japanese wartime aggression and behavior. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/2cb6dda7896749a9a122551ed5b0f9b8/leaders-s-korea-japan-and-china-meet-rare-summit)
2. [Nikkei Asian Review](http://asia.nikkei.com/Politics-Economy/International-Relations/Japanese-South-Korean-top-diplomats-meet-ahead-of-leaders-1st-talks)

### Related:

1. [Shinzo Abe, the Prime Minister of Japan, meets with the President of the United States Barack Obama at the White House to discuss trade, economic, and security issues including North Korea and the Senkaku Islands dispute with China. ](/news/2013/02/22/shinzo-abe-the-prime-minister-of-japan-meets-with-the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-at-the-white-house-to-discuss-trade-eco.md) _Context: North Korea, People's Republic of China, Prime Minister, Shinzo Abe_
2. [The cabinet of Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo Abe approves a record defence budget with a plan to buy surveillance aircraft and Lockheed Martin F-35 Lightning II fighter jets to improve security of uninhabited islands in the East China Sea claimed by both Japan and China. ](/news/2015/01/14/the-cabinet-of-prime-minister-of-japan-shinzo-abe-approves-a-record-defence-budget-with-a-plan-to-buy-surveillance-aircraft-and-lockheed-mar.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, Prime Minister, Shinzo Abe_
3. [The President of China, Xi Jinping, arrives in South Korea for talks with the President of South Korea, Park Geun-hye, days after a North Korean missile test.](/news/2014/07/3/the-president-of-china-xi-jinping-arrives-in-south-korea-for-talks-with-the-president-of-south-korea-park-geun-hye-days-after-a-north-ko.md) _Context: North Korea, Park Geun-hye, South Korean President_
4. [Park Geun-Hye, the President of South Korea, warns North Korea that it will be held responsible for the fate of nine young asylum seekers repatriated from Laos. ](/news/2013/06/3/park-geun-hye-the-president-of-south-korea-warns-north-korea-that-it-will-be-held-responsible-for-the-fate-of-nine-young-asylum-seekers-re.md) _Context: North Korea, Park Geun-hye, South Korean President_
5. [2013 Korean crisis:North Korea renews a threat to permanently close its Kaesong joint industrial zone with South Korea, blaming the "confrontation" policies of the South Korea's new president, Park Geun-hye. ](/news/2013/04/11/2013-korean-crisis-pnorth-korea-renews-a-threat-to-permanently-close-its-kaesong-joint-industrial-zone-with-south-korea-blaming-the-confro.md) _Context: North Korea, Park Geun-hye, South Korean President_
6. [Authorities arrest Impeached South Korean President Park Geun-hye on charges of bribery, abuse of authority, coercion, and leaking government secrets. ](/news/2017/03/30/authorities-arrest-impeached-south-korean-president-park-geun-hye-on-charges-of-bribery-abuse-of-authority-coercion-and-leaking-governmen.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, South Korean President_
7. [South Korea's Constitutional Court upholds the impeachment of President Park Geun-hye, removing her from office. Hwang Kyo-ahn assumes powers as Acting President. ](/news/2017/03/10/south-korea-s-constitutional-court-upholds-the-impeachment-of-president-park-geun-hye-removing-her-from-office-hwang-kyo-ahn-assumes-power.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, South Korean President_
8. [China's Ministry of Commerce suspends all coal imports from North Korea until the end of 2017, as part of international sanctions against North Korea over its ballistic missile program. ](/news/2017/02/18/china-s-ministry-of-commerce-suspends-all-coal-imports-from-north-korea-until-the-end-of-2017-as-part-of-international-sanctions-against-no.md) _Context: North Korea, People's Republic of China_
9. [A court in South Korea strikes down a request by prosecutors to issue an arrest warrant for Samsung vice chairman Lee Jae-yong, who is accused of bribery and embezzlement, in connection to a corruption scandal involving impeached President Park Geun-hye. ](/news/2017/01/19/a-court-in-south-korea-strikes-down-a-request-by-prosecutors-to-issue-an-arrest-warrant-for-samsung-vice-chairman-lee-jae-yong-who-is-accus.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, South Korean President_
10. [South Korean prosecutors issue an arrest warrant for Lee Jae-yong, a senior executive in the Samsung Group, in relation to the political scandal that has led to the impeachment of Park Geun-hye, the President of South Korea. ](/news/2017/01/16/south-korean-prosecutors-issue-an-arrest-warrant-for-lee-jae-yong-a-senior-executive-in-the-samsung-group-in-relation-to-the-political-sca.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, South Korean President_
