### [2015-11-2](/news/2015/11/2/index.md)

# At least 15 Somalia army soldiers are killed in an Al-Shabaab ambush near the town of Wanlaweyn in the Lower Shebelle region. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/3c457a74c0e6421e93e8901bc4e44134/somali-extremists-kill-15-government-soldiers-ambush)

### Related:

1. [U.S. special forces, landing in two helicopters, stage an overnight raid on the al-Shabaab-controlled town of Awdhegele in Somalia's Lower Shebelle region. Al-Shabaab spokesman, Sheik Abduasiz Abu Musab, confirmed the raid saying "The helicopters landed outside town and the ground forces entered, there was heavy fighting and they were forced to flee"."They were masked and spoke foreign languages which our fighters could not understand," Abu Musab told Reuters. "We do not know who they were but we foiled them." ](/news/2016/03/9/u-s-special-forces-landing-in-two-helicopters-stage-an-overnight-raid-on-the-al-shabaab-controlled-town-of-awdhegele-in-somalia-s-lower-s.md) _Context: Lower Shebelle, War in Somalia (2009-present), al Shabaab militia_
2. [An al-Shabaab suicide bomber attacks a Somali military training base in Kismayu with at least 16 people dead. Another suicide bombing in Mogadishu leaves five people killed. ](/news/2015/08/22/an-al-shabaab-suicide-bomber-attacks-a-somali-military-training-base-in-kismayu-with-at-least-16-people-dead-another-suicide-bombing-in-mog.md) _Context: Somalia army soldiers, War in Somalia (2009-present), al Shabaab militia_
3. [United States-supported Somali forces shoot and kill 10 Somalis, including three children, in Lower Shebelle's Bariire village near Mogadishu. While the Somalia government reports the other dead were members of the al Shabaab militia, Lower Shabelle deputy governor Ali Nur Mohamed says the victims were all civilians, farm owners, workers and their children. The U.S. Africa Command says they are investigating these civilian casualties reports. ](/news/2017/08/25/united-states-supported-somali-forces-shoot-and-kill-10-somalis-including-three-children-in-lower-shebelle-s-bariire-village-near-mogadish.md) _Context: Lower Shebelle, al Shabaab militia_
4. [A United States Navy SEAL is killed, becoming the first U.S. service member killed in Somalia since 1993, and three others are injured in a gunfight with al-Shabaab militants, west of Mogadishu. ](/news/2017/05/6/a-united-states-navy-seal-is-killed-becoming-the-first-u-s-service-member-killed-in-somalia-since-1993-and-three-others-are-injured-in-a.md) _Context: War in Somalia (2009-present), al Shabaab militia_
5. [A car bomb explodes outside the Ministry of Defence in Mogadishu, killing at least 15 people. Al-Shabaab claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/04/9/a-car-bomb-explodes-outside-the-ministry-of-defence-in-mogadishu-killing-at-least-15-people-al-shabaab-claims-responsibility-for-the-attac.md) _Context: War in Somalia (2009-present), al Shabaab militia_
6. [Mortar rounds are fired in a neighborhood in Wadajir District, Somalia, killing three civilians. Al-Shabaab is suspected of being behind the attack. ](/news/2017/04/7/mortar-rounds-are-fired-in-a-neighborhood-in-wadajir-district-somalia-killing-three-civilians-al-shabaab-is-suspected-of-being-behind-the.md) _Context: War in Somalia (2009-present), al Shabaab militia_
7. [The United States is to deploy troops to Somalia for the first time since 1994 to help train the Somali Armed Forces in their conflict with al-Shabaab insurgents. ](/news/2017/04/14/the-united-states-is-to-deploy-troops-to-somalia-for-the-first-time-since-1994-to-help-train-the-somali-armed-forces-in-their-conflict-with.md) _Context: War in Somalia (2009-present), al Shabaab militia_
8. [A suicide bomber attacks a military training camp in Mogadishu, killing at least nine soldiers. Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/04/10/a-suicide-bomber-attacks-a-military-training-camp-in-mogadishu-killing-at-least-nine-soldiers-al-shabaab-claimed-responsibility-for-the-at.md) _Context: War in Somalia (2009-present), al Shabaab militia_
9. [Unknown gunmen storm a hotel in Bosaso, leaving at least four guards and two militants dead. It is unclear who carried out the attack. An official blames Al-Shabaab, though the group denies having any involvement. ](/news/2017/02/8/unknown-gunmen-storm-a-hotel-in-bosaso-leaving-at-least-four-guards-and-two-militants-dead-it-is-unclear-who-carried-out-the-attack-an-of.md) _Context: War in Somalia (2009-present), al Shabaab militia_
10. [Al-Shabaab militants attack a remote AMISOM base in southern Somalia, claiming to have killed dozens of Kenyan troops. ](/news/2017/01/27/al-shabaab-militants-attack-a-remote-amisom-base-in-southern-somalia-claiming-to-have-killed-dozens-of-kenyan-troops.md) _Context: War in Somalia (2009-present), al Shabaab militia_
