### [2015-11-2](/news/2015/11/2/index.md)

# El Faro: The American National Transportation Safety Board confirms that wreckage found on Saturday east of the Bahamas is the cargo ship SS "El Faro" that sank during Hurricane Joaquin on October 1. 

The wreckage was found Saturday in 15,000 feet of water east of the Bahamas. El Faro had gone missing on Oct. 1 during Hurricane Joaquin.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/wreckage-east-bahamas-sunken-cargo-ship-el-faro-ntsb-confirms-n455871?cid=sm_tw&hootPostID=e560fa53c44150d9870627cb28749612)

### Related:

1. [2015 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Joaquin: The United States National Transportation Safety Board announces it has completed its search of the sunken "El Faro", but did not find the voyage data recorder, i.e., the black box. ](/news/2015/11/16/2015-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-joaquin-the-united-states-national-transportation-safety-board-announces-it-has-completed-its-sea.md) _Context: Hurricane Joaquin, National Transportation Safety Board_
2. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Matthew kills at least 26 people on the island of Hispaniola; 22 in Haiti and four more in the Dominican Republic. The U.S. National Hurricane Center predicts the storm, currently a Category 3 with maximum sustained winds of 115 mph (185 km/h), will strengthen as it moves across the Bahamas tonight and tomorrow, and be near the east coast of Florida by tomorrow evening. ](/news/2016/10/5/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-matthew-kills-at-least-26-people-on-the-island-of-hispaniola-22-in-haiti-and-four-more-in-the-dom.md) _Context: Bahamas_
3. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season: Heavy rains from Hurricane Matthew's outer bands drench Haiti and Jamaica, killing a Haitian fisherman. The Category 4 storm, with 140 mph ((220 km/h) maximum sustained winds), is heading towards western Haiti, eastern Cuba, and the southeastern and central Bahamas. ](/news/2016/10/3/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-heavy-rains-from-hurricane-matthew-s-outer-bands-drench-haiti-and-jamaica-killing-a-haitian-fisherman-the.md) _Context: Bahamas_
4. [The United States Navy sends a remotely operated underwater craft to investigate a wreck which they believe is the remains of the El Faro which disappeared on October 1 near the Bahamas during Hurricane Joaquin with 33 people on board. ](/news/2015/11/1/the-united-states-navy-sends-a-remotely-operated-underwater-craft-to-investigate-a-wreck-which-they-believe-is-the-remains-of-the-el-faro-wh.md) _Context: Hurricane Joaquin_
5. [October 2015 nor'easter: Hurricane Joaquin: Thirteen people are reported to have died during this storm, 11 in South Carolina and two in North Carolina. At least 18 dams have breached or failed since Saturday. Communities downstream face a mass of water working its way toward the low-lying coast. ](/news/2015/10/6/october-2015-nor-easter-hurricane-joaquin-thirteen-people-are-reported-to-have-died-during-this-storm-11-in-south-carolina-and-two-in-nor.md) _Context: Hurricane Joaquin_
6. [Hurricane Joaquin: The El Faro, missing since Thursday, is categorized as sunk with 33 people on board during Hurricane Joaquin after a debris field is found. ](/news/2015/10/5/hurricane-joaquin-the-el-faro-missing-since-thursday-is-categorized-as-sunk-with-33-people-on-board-during-hurricane-joaquin-after-a-debr.md) _Context: Hurricane Joaquin_
7. [October 2015 nor'easter: U.S. President Barack Obama declares a state of emergency for South Carolina, after the state receives over two feet of rain in some areas. More than 250 roads across the state close. A low pressure area funnels heavy tropical moisture into the region, as well as, pulls in Hurricane Joaquin-related precipitation. ](/news/2015/10/4/october-2015-nor-easter-u-s-president-barack-obama-declares-a-state-of-emergency-for-south-carolina-after-the-state-receives-over-two-fee.md) _Context: Hurricane Joaquin_
8. [2015 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Joaquin: U.S. Coast Guard searchers, looking for the 790-foot El Faro cargo ship missing since Thursday, locate multiple objects, including life jackets, life rings, containers, and an oil sheen in the waters off The Bahamas. Connection to El Faro is not immediately confirmed. ](/news/2015/10/4/2015-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-joaquin-u-s-coast-guard-searchers-looking-for-the-790-foot-el-faro-cargo-ship-missing-since-thu.md) _Context: Hurricane Joaquin_
9. [Hurricane Joaquin: As Hurricane Joaquin, still a Category 3 storm, heads northeast, a Tropical Storm Warning and a Hurricane Watch are in effect for Bermuda. Winds will begin to strengthen early Saturday with thunderstorms and more significant showers around midnight. Joaquin should turn toward the north-northeast Sunday and pass around 125|nmi|abbr=off west of Bermuda that evening. ](/news/2015/10/3/hurricane-joaquin-as-hurricane-joaquin-still-a-category-3-storm-heads-northeast-a-tropical-storm-warning-and-a-hurricane-watch-are-in-ef.md) _Context: Hurricane Joaquin_
10. [Hurricane Joaquin: The U.S. Coast Guard is searching for a 735-foot (224-meter) cargo ship named 'El Faro,' with 33 people on board, that went missing near Crooked Island in the Bahamas during Hurricane Joaquin. Five Poles and 28 Americans make up the crew. ](/news/2015/10/2/hurricane-joaquin-the-u-s-coast-guard-is-searching-for-a-735-foot-224-meter-cargo-ship-named-el-faro-with-33-people-on-board-that-we.md) _Context: Hurricane Joaquin_
