### [2015-11-2](/news/2015/11/2/index.md)

#  Planes have been left stranded at airports throughout the United Kingdom as the "Great Fog" descends. Heathrow Airport said around 45 flights had been cancelled there while London City Airport was closed for several hours. Other affected airports include Manchester, Leeds Bradford, Glasgow, Belfast, Southampton and Cardiff. 

Scores of flights are cancelled and many more delayed by a second day of dense fog across much of the UK.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-34695577)

### Related:

1. [Early 2012 European cold wave:Heavy snow falls across much of the United Kingdom, leading to the cancellation of hundreds of flights at Heathrow Airport and the closure of the runway at Luton Airport. ](/news/2012/02/5/early-2012-european-cold-wave-pheavy-snow-falls-across-much-of-the-united-kingdom-leading-to-the-cancellation-of-hundreds-of-flights-at-hea.md) _Context: Heathrow Airport, UK_
2. [Flights in and out of Heathrow Airport are at a virtual standstill as severe weather conditions continue across the United Kingdom. ](/news/2010/12/19/flights-in-and-out-of-heathrow-airport-are-at-a-virtual-standstill-as-severe-weather-conditions-continue-across-the-united-kingdom.md) _Context: Heathrow Airport, UK_
3. [The United Kingdom announces it is withdrawing from the 1964 London Fisheries Convention, which allows several European countries to fish within 6 to 12 nautical miles of each other's coastlines. ](/news/2017/07/2/the-united-kingdom-announces-it-is-withdrawing-from-the-1964-london-fisheries-convention-which-allows-several-european-countries-to-fish-wi.md) _Context: UK_
4. [Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-charter-08-is-suffering-fr.md) _Context: UK_
5. [The United Kingdom and Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation sponsor a summit that plans on raising funds for family planning in developing countries. ](/news/2017/07/11/the-united-kingdom-and-bill-melinda-gates-foundation-sponsor-a-summit-that-plans-on-raising-funds-for-family-planning-in-developing-countr.md) _Context: UK_
6. [The Trump Administration announces this year's presidential state visit to the United Kingdom is delayed until at least 2018. Both the White House and 10 Downing Street state the two countries had been unable to agree on a 2017 date. This planned visit has drawn protests in the United Kingdom since February, and more than 1.8 million signatures on a petition to Parliament to cancel the meeting.  ](/news/2017/07/11/the-trump-administration-announces-this-year-s-presidential-state-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-is-delayed-until-at-least-2018-both-the-white.md) _Context: UK_
7. [Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-conservatives-battling-in-a-tight-race.md) _Context: UK_
8. [Protests mark the 20th anniversary of the transfer of sovereignty over Hong Kong to China from the United Kingdom alongside the arrival of Chinese President Xi Jinping. ](/news/2017/06/29/protests-mark-the-20th-anniversary-of-the-transfer-of-sovereignty-over-hong-kong-to-china-from-the-united-kingdom-alongside-the-arrival-of-c.md) _Context: UK_
9. [UK Prime Minister Theresa May announces that citizens of the European Union living in the United Kingdom will be able to acquire a "UK settled status" after the UK leaves the EU. ](/news/2017/06/22/uk-prime-minister-theresa-may-announces-that-citizens-of-the-european-union-living-in-the-united-kingdom-will-be-able-to-acquire-a-uk-settl.md) _Context: UK_
10. [  The United Kingdom experiences its first early summer heat wave in over 20 years, and the highest recorded June temperatures in over 40 years with a reading of 34.5C (94F) recorded at Heathrow Airport. ](/news/2017/06/21/the-united-kingdom-experiences-its-first-early-summer-heat-wave-in-over-20-years-and-the-highest-recorded-june-temperatures-in-over-40-ye.md) _Context: Heathrow Airport_
