### [2015-11-2](/news/2015/11/2/index.md)

# {{SS|El Faro}}The American National Transportation Safety Board confirms that wreckage found on Saturday east of the Bahamas is the cargo ship SS ''El Faro'' that sank during Hurricane Joaquin on October 1. 

The wreckage was found Saturday in 15,000 feet of water east of the Bahamas. El Faro had gone missing on Oct. 1 during Hurricane Joaquin.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/wreckage-east-bahamas-sunken-cargo-ship-el-faro-ntsb-confirms-n455871?cid=sm_tw&hootPostID=e560fa53c44150d9870627cb28749612)

### Related:

1. [The United States National Transportation Safety Board announces it has completed its search of the sunken ''El Faro'', but did not find the voyage data recorder, i.e., the black box. ](/news/2015/11/16/the-united-states-national-transportation-safety-board-announces-it-has-completed-its-search-of-the-sunken-el-faro-but-did-not-find-the.md) _Context: Hurricane Joaquin, National Transportation Safety Board_
2. [Hurricane Matthew kills at least 26 people on the island of Hispaniola; 22 in Haiti and four more in the Dominican Republic. The U.S. National Hurricane Center predicts the storm, currently a Category 3 with  maximum sustained winds of  115 mph (185 km/h), will strengthen as it moves across the Bahamas tonight and tomorrow, and be near the east coast of Florida by tomorrow evening. ](/news/2016/10/5/hurricane-matthew-kills-at-least-26-people-on-the-island-of-hispaniola-22-in-haiti-and-four-more-in-the-dominican-republic-the-u-s-nation.md) _Context: Bahamas_
3. [Heavy rains from Hurricane Matthew's outer bands drench Haiti and Jamaica, killing a Haitian fisherman. The Category 4 storm, with 140 mph ((220 km/h) maximum sustained winds), is heading towards western Haiti, eastern Cuba, and the southeastern and central Bahamas. ](/news/2016/10/3/heavy-rains-from-hurricane-matthew-s-outer-bands-drench-haiti-and-jamaica-killing-a-haitian-fisherman-the-category-4-storm-with-140-mph.md) _Context: Bahamas_
4. [The United States Navy sends a remotely operated underwater craft to investigate a wreck which they believe is the remains of the {{SS|El Faro}} which disappeared on October 1 near the Bahamas during Hurricane Joaquin with 33 people on board. ](/news/2015/11/1/the-united-states-navy-sends-a-remotely-operated-underwater-craft-to-investigate-a-wreck-which-they-believe-is-the-remains-of-the-ss-el-fa.md) _Context: Hurricane Joaquin_
5. [Thirteen people are reported to have died during this storm, 11 in South Carolina and two in North Carolina.  At least 18 dams have breached or failed  since Saturday. Communities downstream face a mass of water working its way toward the low-lying coast. ](/news/2015/10/6/thirteen-people-are-reported-to-have-died-during-this-storm-11-in-south-carolina-and-two-in-north-carolina-at-least-18-dams-have-breached.md) _Context: Hurricane Joaquin_
6. [The El Faro, missing since Thursday, is categorized as sunk with 33 people on board during Hurricane Joaquin after a debris field is found. ](/news/2015/10/5/the-el-faro-missing-since-thursday-is-categorized-as-sunk-with-33-people-on-board-during-hurricane-joaquin-after-a-debris-field-is-found.md) _Context: Hurricane Joaquin_
7. [U.S. President Barack Obama declares a state of emergency for South Carolina, after the state receives over two feet of rain in some areas. More than 250 roads across the state close. A low pressure area funnels heavy tropical moisture into the region, as well as, pulls in Hurricane Joaquin-related precipitation. ](/news/2015/10/4/u-s-president-barack-obama-declares-a-state-of-emergency-for-south-carolina-after-the-state-receives-over-two-feet-of-rain-in-some-areas.md) _Context: Hurricane Joaquin_
8. [U.S. Coast Guard searchers, looking for the 790-foot El Faro cargo ship missing since Thursday, locate multiple objects, including life jackets, life rings, containers, and an oil sheen in the waters off The Bahamas. Connection to El Faro is not immediately confirmed. ](/news/2015/10/4/u-s-coast-guard-searchers-looking-for-the-790-foot-el-faro-cargo-ship-missing-since-thursday-locate-multiple-objects-including-life-jack.md) _Context: Hurricane Joaquin_
9. [As Hurricane Joaquin, still a Category 3 storm, heads northeast,  a Tropical Storm Warning and a Hurricane Watch are in effect for Bermuda. Winds will begin to strengthen early Saturday with thunderstorms and more significant showers around midnight. Joaquin should turn toward the north-northeast Sunday and pass around {{Convert|125|nmi|abbr=off}} west of Bermuda that evening. ](/news/2015/10/3/as-hurricane-joaquin-still-a-category-3-storm-heads-northeast-a-tropical-storm-warning-and-a-hurricane-watch-are-in-effect-for-bermuda.md) _Context: Hurricane Joaquin_
10. [The U.S. Coast Guard is searching for a 735-foot (224-meter) cargo ship named 'El Faro,' with 33 people on board, that went missing near Crooked Island in the Bahamas during Hurricane Joaquin. Five Poles and 28 Americans make up the crew. [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/northamerica/usa/11909023/Hurricane-Joaquin-cargo-ship-with-33-crew-on-board-missing-near-the-eye-of-the-storm.html (The Telegraph)] [http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/03/us-storm-joaquin-idUSKCN0RV3NW20151003 (Reuters)]Hurricane Joaquin attacked The Bahamas as a Category 4 hurricane and destroyed houses, cut communications and electric power, uprooted trees, and unleashed heavy flooding. So far, there are no reports of fatalities or injuries. The storm, which weakened to Category 3 status with 125 mph sustained winds, is expected to dump up to 25 inches (63.5 centimeters) of rain in some location before it moves away from the islands. [http://www.sacbee.com/news/nation-world/article37293927.html (AP via Sacramento Bee)] [http://news.yahoo.com/hurricane-joaquin-upgraded-category-four-us-forecasters-181105118.html (AFP via Yahoo News)]Joaquin is slowly moving on a east/northeast trek lowering the possibility of  a direct hit to the U.S. East Coast. However, unrelated storms have already drenched the eastern seaboard this week. Streets were underwater up and down the coast at this afternoon's high tide. Adding Joaquin's wind and rain could create deadly, unprecedented downpours, flooding, wind damage, and power outages. [http://www.wnd.com/2015/10/joaquin-shifting-eastward-but-stay-on-guard/ (WorldNetDaily)] [http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/03/us-storm-joaquin-idUSKCN0RV3NW20151003 (Reuters)] [http://www.pressherald.com/2015/10/02/east-coast-braces-for-more-heavy-rain-potential-for-hurricane/ (AP via Portland Press-Herald)].](/news/2015/10/2/the-u-s-coast-guard-is-searching-for-a-735-foot-224-meter-cargo-ship-named-el-faro-with-33-people-on-board-that-went-missing-near-cro.md) _Context: Hurricane Joaquin_
