### [2015-11-2](/news/2015/11/2/index.md)

# TransCanada Corp asks the United States Department of State to suspend its review of the Keystone XL pipeline while it negotiates with the US state of Nebraska about the route. If granted, the delay (according to Reuters) would almost certainly mean the decision on the project will be made by a future president. 

Faced with dimming prospects for approval, the Canadian company behind the proposed Keystone XL pipeline chose to plead with the U.S. government for a delay on its fate, signaling that prolonged uncertainty is preferable to rejection of the $8 billion project.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/11/03/us-transcanada-keystone-idUSKCN0SR2J320151103)
2. [The Globe and Mail](http://www.theglobeandmail.com/report-on-business/transcanada-requests-suspension-of-keystone-xl-permit-wsj/article27073904/)

### Related:

1. [U.S. President Barack Obama announces that the State Department has rejected TransCanada's application to complete the Keystone XL pipeline. ](/news/2015/11/6/u-s-president-barack-obama-announces-that-the-state-department-has-rejected-transcanada-s-application-to-complete-the-keystone-xl-pipeline.md) _Context: Keystone XL, President of the United States, TransCanada, United States Department of State_
2. [The United States State Department formally denies Calgary-based TransCanada Corporation's request, made Monday, to pause the review of the proposed Keystone XL oil pipeline. ''Reuters'' states this is expected to lead to the project's rejection by the Obama administration. ](/news/2015/11/4/the-united-states-state-department-formally-denies-calgary-based-transcanada-corporation-s-request-made-monday-to-pause-the-review-of-the.md) _Context: Reuters, TransCanada, United States Department of State_
3. [Barack Obama, the President of the United States, vetoes a bill approving the TransCanada Keystone XL pipeline between Canadian oil sands and refineries on the Gulf of Mexico. ](/news/2015/02/24/barack-obama-the-president-of-the-united-states-vetoes-a-bill-approving-the-transcanada-keystone-xl-pipeline-between-canadian-oil-sands-an.md) _Context: Keystone XL, President of the United States, TransCanada_
4. [TransCanada, the firm that unsuccessfully applied for cross-border permission to build the Keystone XL pipeline, files a lawsuit against the United States alleging that the refusal of permission violated the North American Free Trade Agreement. ](/news/2016/01/6/transcanada-the-firm-that-unsuccessfully-applied-for-cross-border-permission-to-build-the-keystone-xl-pipeline-files-a-lawsuit-against-the.md) _Context: Keystone XL, TransCanada_
5. [ Former President of the United States Jimmy Carter reiterates that no person from the United States Department of State ever asked him not to meet with representatives from Hamas or Syria.  ](/news/2008/04/23/former-president-of-the-united-states-jimmy-carter-reiterates-that-no-person-from-the-united-states-department-of-state-ever-asked-him-not.md) _Context: President of the United States, United States Department of State_
6. [CNN is accused of threatening to reveal the personal identity of a Reddit user who made a GIF depicting United States President Donald Trump tackling a man to the ground, with CNN's logo superimposed on the man's face. The GIF was modified and posted on Trump's Twitter feed. ](/news/2017/07/4/cnn-is-accused-of-threatening-to-reveal-the-personal-identity-of-a-reddit-user-who-made-a-gif-depicting-united-states-president-donald-trump.md) _Context: President of the United States_
7. [Representative Brad Sherman files the first articles for the formal impeachment of Donald Trump in his position of President of the United States. ](/news/2017/07/12/representative-brad-sherman-files-the-first-articles-for-the-formal-impeachment-of-donald-trump-in-his-position-of-president-of-the-united-s.md) _Context: President of the United States_
8. [United States President Donald Trump plans on adding solar panels to his proposed border wall with Mexico. ](/news/2017/06/22/united-states-president-donald-trump-plans-on-adding-solar-panels-to-his-proposed-border-wall-with-mexico.md) _Context: President of the United States_
9. [Nearly 200 members of the Democratic Party in the United States Congress file a lawsuit in the federal court, claiming that U.S. President Trump profits from business dealings with foreign governments, in violation of the United States Constitution's emolument clauses. This is the third such suit of its kind, following on the heels of the most recent suit by the Attorneys General of Maryland and the District of Columbia.](/news/2017/06/14/nearly-200-members-of-the-democratic-party-in-the-united-states-congress-file-a-lawsuit-in-the-federal-court-claiming-that-u-s-president-t.md) _Context: President of the United States_
10. [After over a year in North Korean prison, the government releases the one-year comatose Otto Warmbier after negotiations from the United States Department of State. ](/news/2017/06/13/after-over-a-year-in-north-korean-prison-the-government-releases-the-one-year-comatose-otto-warmbier-after-negotiations-from-the-united-sta.md) _Context: United States Department of State_
