
Formats: [HTML](/news/2015/11/2/u-s-intelligence-analysts-conclude-the-russian-plane-was-not-brought-down-by-surface-to-air-missile-an-american-infrared-satellite-detecte.html)  [JSON](/news/2015/11/2/u-s-intelligence-analysts-conclude-the-russian-plane-was-not-brought-down-by-surface-to-air-missile-an-american-infrared-satellite-detecte.json)  [XML](/news/2015/11/2/u-s-intelligence-analysts-conclude-the-russian-plane-was-not-brought-down-by-surface-to-air-missile-an-american-infrared-satellite-detecte.xml)  

### [2015-11-2](/news/2015/11/2/index.md)

##### Kogalymavia Flight 9268
# U.S. intelligence analysts conclude the Russian plane was not brought down by surface-to-air missile. An American infrared satellite detected a heat flash at the same time and same place over the Sinai as the plane, but no evidence a missile was involved. Analysts believe it could have been some kind of explosion on the aircraft itself, either a fuel tank or a bomb. U.S. officials do not rule out that ISIL could have been responsible for bringing down the flight. 

A senior Defense official told NBC News Monday that an American infrared satellite detected a heat flash at the same time and in the same vicinity.


### Sources:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/officials-rule-isis-involvement-russian-plane-crash/story?id=34919692)
2. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/russian-plane-crashes-in-the-sinai/satellite-shows-heat-flash-when-russian-metrojet-plane-crashed-no-n456161)
3. [Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/2015/11/02/us-egypt-crash-russia-airline-fault-idUSKCN0SR12O20151102)
4. [Voice of America](http://www.voanews.com/content/crash-victims-bodies-return-to-russia/3032663.html)
4. [Cover Image](https://media2.s-nbcnews.com/j/newscms/2015_45/1287121/151102-ss-151031-russia-plane-crash-11-1826_56d7e86a7e46cd5fb72a3dc7bfa17af2.nbcnews-fp-1200-800.jpg)

### Changes:

1. [U.S. intelligence analysts conclude the Russian plane was not brought down by surface-to-air missile. An American infrared satellite detected a heat flash at the same time and same place over the Sinai as the plane, but no evidence a missile was involved. Analysts believe it could have been some kind of explosion on the aircraft itself, either a fuel tank or a bomb. U.S. officials do not rule out that ISIL could have been responsible for bringing down the flight. ](/news/2015/11/2/u-s-intelligence-analysts-conclude-the-russian-plane-was-not-brought-down-by-surface-to-air-missile-an-american-infrared-satellite-detect.md) _2017-08-25 03:43:20 (First version)_
2. [Kogalymavia Flight 9268: U.S. intelligence analysts conclude the Russian plane was not brought down by surface-to-air missile. An American infrared satellite detected a heat flash at the same time and same place over the Sinai as the plane, but no evidence a missile was involved. Analysts believe it could have been some kind of explosion on the aircraft itself, either a fuel tank or a bomb. U.S. officials do not rule out that ISIL could have been responsible for bringing down the flight. ](/news/2015/11/2/kogalymavia-flight-9268-u-s-intelligence-analysts-conclude-the-russian-plane-was-not-brought-down-by-surface-to-air-missile-an-american-i.md) _2017-08-27 03:43:39 (Update)_
2. [U.S. intelligence analysts conclude the Russian plane was not brought down by surface-to-air missile. An American infrared satellite detected a heat flash at the same time and same place over the Sinai as the plane, but no evidence a missile was involved. Analysts believe it could have been some kind of explosion on the aircraft itself, either a fuel tank or a bomb. U.S. officials do not rule out that ISIL could have been responsible for bringing down the flight. ](/news/2015/11/2/u-s-intelligence-analysts-conclude-the-russian-plane-was-not-brought-down-by-surface-to-air-missile-an-american-infrared-satellite-detecte.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [The Russian military launches cruise missile strikes from the Mediterranean on ISIS positions in Al-Raqqah, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's de facto capital in Syria, Aleppo, and Idlib. A U.S. official confirms that Russia has conducted a significant number of strikes in Syria using both sea-launched cruise missiles and long-range bombers. Russian President Vladimir Putin has pledged to escalate his military campaign in Syria after it was confirmed that a bomb brought down Metrojet Flight 9268 over Egypt's Sinai Peninsula. ](/news/2015/11/17/the-russian-military-launches-cruise-missile-strikes-from-the-mediterranean-on-isis-positions-in-al-raqqah-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-th.md) _Context: ISIL, Russia, Sinai Peninsula, United States_
2. [Egypt's Civil Aviation Ministry reports their investigation of the 31 October 2015 deadly crash of Russian Metrojet Flight 9268 in the Sinai has not found any evidence of terrorism. Prior to this, the working assumption has been that plane was brought down by a bomb, and a group affiliated with ISIL said it was responsible. ](/news/2015/12/14/egypt-s-civil-aviation-ministry-reports-their-investigation-of-the-31-october-2015-deadly-crash-of-russian-metrojet-flight-9268-in-the-sinai.md) _Context: ISIL, Russia, Sinai Peninsula_
3. [A Russian Kogalymavia Airbus A-321 airliner crashes in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula with 224 passengers on board travelling from Sharm el-Sheikh to St Petersburg. ](/news/2015/10/31/a-russian-kogalymavia-airbus-a-321-airliner-crashes-in-egypt-s-sinai-peninsula-with-224-passengers-on-board-travelling-from-sharm-el-sheikh.md) _Context: Kogalymavia Flight 9268, Russia, Sinai Peninsula_
4. [Reports about the publication on January 29 by the United States of a list of Russian politicians and oligarchs that the U.S. government was required by CAATSA to draw up surface. Russian President Vladimir Putin says that the list, on which he is not included, is an "unfriendly act" that complicates ties between the two countries. ](/news/2018/01/30/reports-about-the-publication-on-january-29-by-the-united-states-of-a-list-of-russian-politicians-and-oligarchs-that-the-u-s-government-was.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
5. [Turkey threatens to "strangle" the United States-backed Syrian Border Security Force "before it's even born", while Syria vows to crush it and expel American military personnel from the country. Russia called the plans "a plot to dismember Syria". ](/news/2018/01/15/turkey-threatens-to-strangle-the-united-states-backed-syrian-border-security-force-before-it-s-even-born-while-syria-vows-to-crush-it-a.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
