### [2015-11-2](/news/2015/11/2/index.md)

# Volkswagen emissions scandal: The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and California's CARB are widening the Volkswagen investigation into several more expensive VW, Porsche, and Audi automobiles with 3.0-liter diesel engines in model years 2014 through 2016. Volkswagen says it installed no defeat device software on its 3.0 litre V6 diesel cars and is cooperating with the agency to fully investigate the matter. 




### Source:

1. [Consumer Affairs](http://www.consumeraffairs.com/news/epa-more-vw-diesels-have-defeat-device-software-110215.html)
2. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/2015/11/02/volkswagen-usa-epa-idINKCN0SR28620151102)

### Related:

1. [Volkswagen emissions violations: The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency orders Volkswagen to fix nearly 500,000 VW and Audi diesel cars from model years 2009-2015 that include software that circumvents EPA emissions standards. The company's illegal use of so-called "defeat devices" threaten public health, in some cases releasing 40 times the pollution standard of nitrogen oxide emissions. The company faces possible U.S. fines of up to $37,500 per vehicle for the violations which could total more than $18 billion. ](/news/2015/09/18/volkswagen-emissions-violations-the-u-s-environmental-protection-agency-orders-volkswagen-to-fix-nearly-500-000-vw-and-audi-diesel-cars-fr.md) _Context: Audi, Volkswagen, diesel, the agency_
2. [Volkswagen emissions scandal: Volkswagen executives admit the diesel emissions cheating was the result of a collection of failures within the company, rather than just the actions of rogue engineers. In 2005, VW began working on software after they were unable to find an affordable technical solution to U.S. nitrogen oxide emissions standards. ](/news/2015/12/10/volkswagen-emissions-scandal-volkswagen-executives-admit-the-diesel-emissions-cheating-was-the-result-of-a-collection-of-failures-within-th.md) _Context: Volkswagen, Volkswagen emissions scandal, diesel_
3. [Volkswagen emissions scandal: Volkswagen says it has found faulty emissions readings for the first time in gasoline-powered vehicles, widening a scandal that so far had centered on diesel engines. ](/news/2015/11/3/volkswagen-emissions-scandal-volkswagen-says-it-has-found-faulty-emissions-readings-for-the-first-time-in-gasoline-powered-vehicles-wideni.md) _Context: Volkswagen, Volkswagen emissions scandal, diesel_
4. [Volkswagen emissions violations: Volkswagen halts sales of its 4-cylinder diesel vehicles in the United States following a U.S. Environmental Protection Agency citation that their cars violated U.S. emissions standards. ](/news/2015/09/20/volkswagen-emissions-violations-volkswagen-halts-sales-of-its-4-cylinder-diesel-vehicles-in-the-united-states-following-a-u-s-environmenta.md) _Context: Volkswagen, diesel, the agency_
5. [Volkswagen's luxury brands Porsche, Audi and Bentley have each posted record sales for 2013. ](/news/2014/01/10/volkswagen-s-luxury-brands-porsche-audi-and-bentley-have-each-posted-record-sales-for-2013.md) _Context: Audi, Porsche, Volkswagen_
6. [Volkswagen emissions scandal: A new class action lawsuit, filed on Tuesday in U.S. federal court in Illinois, claims the Volkswagen Group used emission defeat devices in at least six of its Audi V6 gasoline engines. ](/news/2016/11/13/volkswagen-emissions-scandal-a-new-class-action-lawsuit-filed-on-tuesday-in-u-s-federal-court-in-illinois-claims-the-volkswagen-group-us.md) _Context: Audi, Volkswagen emissions scandal_
7. [U.S. District Judge Charles R. Breyer in San Francisco approves German automaker Volkswagen $14.7 billion settlement with federal and California regulators and the owners of the 475,000 polluting diesel vehicles over diesel emissions cheating scandal. Volkswagen still faces billions of dollars more in fines and litigation. ](/news/2016/10/25/u-s-district-judge-charles-r-breyer-in-san-francisco-approves-german-automaker-volkswagen-14-7-billion-settlement-with-federal-and-califo.md) _Context: California, Volkswagen_
8. [Volkswagen emissions scandal: Volkswagen agrees to pay its U.S. dealers up to US$1.2 billion to compensate them for their losses resulting from the company's emissions cheating scandal. ](/news/2016/10/1/volkswagen-emissions-scandal-volkswagen-agrees-to-pay-its-u-s-dealers-up-to-us-1-2-billion-to-compensate-them-for-their-losses-resulting-f.md) _Context: Volkswagen, Volkswagen emissions scandal_
9. [An engineer from Volkswagen pleads guilty for his role in the emissions cheating scandal. ](/news/2016/09/9/an-engineer-from-volkswagen-pleads-guilty-for-his-role-in-the-emissions-cheating-scandal.md) _Context: Volkswagen, Volkswagen emissions scandal_
10. [Volkswagen emissions scandal: Litigants file a new wave of lawsuits against Volkswagen regarding its emissions scandal. ](/news/2016/09/21/volkswagen-emissions-scandal-litigants-file-a-new-wave-of-lawsuits-against-volkswagen-regarding-its-emissions-scandal.md) _Context: Volkswagen, Volkswagen emissions scandal_
