### [2016-04-10](/news/2016/04/10/index.md)

# 2016 Afghanistan earthquake: A 6.6 magnitude earthquake occurs in northern Afghanistan near the Pakistan border with tremors felt in north India. 

A magnitude 6.6 earthquake centred in Afghanistan shakes major cities across south-west Asia.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-36009407#)
2. [USGS](http://earthquake.usgs.gov/earthquakes/eventpage/us20005gsg#general)

### Related:

1. [ A powerful, magnitude 7.2 earthquake has shaken Tajikistan. It was felt as far away as India, Pakistan, and Afghanistan. No damage or casualties have been reported as the epicenter lies within the vast Badakhshan national park. The US Geological Survey describes the area as one of the -most seismically hazardous regions on Earth- because of tectonic activity along shifting fault lines. ](/news/2015/12/7/a-powerful-magnitude-7-2-earthquake-has-shaken-tajikistan-it-was-felt-as-far-away-as-india-pakistan-and-afghanistan-no-damage-or-casua.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Pakistan, earthquake_
2. [December 2015 Hindu Kush earthquake: At least 17 people are injured in Peshawar, Pakistan, and five people are hurt in Afghanistan's Nangarhar Province after a 6.3-magnitude earthquake hit near the Afghanistan-Tajikistan border. The epicenter is in Afghanistan's quake-prone Ishkashim district, a mountainous area where mainly impoverished farmers live in homes made with mud, according to Peshawar District Officer Muhmand Asim Khan. Other details about damage or casualties are not presently available. ](/news/2015/12/25/december-2015-hindu-kush-earthquake-at-least-17-people-are-injured-in-peshawar-pakistan-and-five-people-are-hurt-in-afghanistan-s-nangarh.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Pakistan, earthquake_
3. [2015 Hindu Kush earthquake: Rescuers continue a search for survivors of the earthquake in Afghanistan and Pakistan including in areas controlled by the Taliban. The death toll from the earthquake is 339 with many thousands injured. ](/news/2015/10/27/2015-hindu-kush-earthquake-rescuers-continue-a-search-for-survivors-of-the-earthquake-in-afghanistan-and-pakistan-including-in-areas-contro.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Pakistan, earthquake_
4. [2013 Sistan and Baluchestan earthquake:: At least 37 people are dead after a 7.8 magnitude earthquake strikes with its epicenter below Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran, near the border with Pakistan. Tremors are felt throughout the Middle East, Pakistan and North India, and hundreds of deaths are expected by the Iran government. ](/news/2013/04/16/2013-sistan-and-baluchestan-earthquake-at-least-37-people-are-dead-after-a-7-8-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-with-its-epicenter-below-khash.md) _Context: Pakistan, earthquake, north India_
5. [War in North-West Pakistan: Gunmen raid a Pakistani military post near the border with Afghanistan, killing at least eight people. Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, a faction of Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan, claim responsibility. ](/news/2017/03/17/war-in-north-west-pakistan-gunmen-raid-a-pakistani-military-post-near-the-border-with-afghanistan-killing-at-least-eight-people-jamaat-ul.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Pakistan_
6. [An Afghan diplomat is shot dead at the Afghan consulate in Karachi, Pakistan. ](/news/2017/02/6/an-afghan-diplomat-is-shot-dead-at-the-afghan-consulate-in-karachi-pakistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Pakistan_
7. [Heavy snow and avalanches kill dozens of people in Afghanistan and northern Pakistan, while Kabul International Airport is closed due to snow and ice on the runway. ](/news/2017/02/5/heavy-snow-and-avalanches-kill-dozens-of-people-in-afghanistan-and-northern-pakistan-while-kabul-international-airport-is-closed-due-to-sno.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Pakistan_
8. [19th SAARC summit: Members of the 19th South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) summit, scheduled to be held in Pakistan during November 2016, postpone the meeting following a Indian-led boycott, including Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Bhutan in response to Pakistan's alleged involvement in a deadly terrorist attack on a Indian Army base in Uri, Jammu and Kashmir, on September 18. ](/news/2016/09/28/19th-saarc-summit-members-of-the-19th-south-asian-association-for-regional-cooperation-saarc-summit-scheduled-to-be-held-in-pakistan-dur.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Pakistan_
9. [Afghanistan-Pakistan skirmishes: Afghan and Pakistani soldiers clash at the Torkham border crossing between the two countries, leaving one Afghan soldier and a Pakistani major killed. At least 22 other people were also injured. Tensions between Afghanistan and Pakistan have grown since the latter's attempts to build a gate at the crossing. ](/news/2016/06/14/afghanistan-pakistan-skirmishes-afghan-and-pakistani-soldiers-clash-at-the-torkham-border-crossing-between-the-two-countries-leaving-one.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Pakistan_
10. [Taliban insurgency: The Taliban's Qatar office confirms its leaders are in Pakistan to talk about Afghan refugees and the release of prisoners. The representative did not say if the delegation will discuss the peace process. ](/news/2016/04/27/taliban-insurgency-the-taliban-s-qatar-office-confirms-its-leaders-are-in-pakistan-to-talk-about-afghan-refugees-and-the-release-of-prisone.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Pakistan_
