### [2016-04-10](/news/2016/04/10/index.md)

# The World Wildlife Fund reports global populations of tigers, an endangered species,  are up about 20 percent over the past six years.  This increase in tiger numbers, after declining for a century, was primarily in India, Russia, Nepal, and Bhutan. The third Asian Ministerial Conference on Tiger Conservation starts Monday in New Delhi, India.  

The increase in tiger numbers is primarily seen in India, Russia, Nepal and Bhutan.


### Source:

1. [Newsweek](http://www.newsweek.com/tiger-population-increase-century-southeast-asia-446034)

### Related:

1. [The leaders of Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa meet in New Delhi, India, for the 2012 BRICS summit. ](/news/2012/03/29/the-leaders-of-brazil-russia-india-china-and-south-africa-meet-in-new-delhi-india-for-the-2012-brics-summit.md) _Context: India, New Delhi, Russia_
2. [2011 Sikkim earthquake:A magnitude 6.9 earthquake occurs in northwestern Sikkim, northern India, causing shaking in parts of India, Nepal, Bhutan, Bangladesh and Tibet Autonomous Region. At least thirty seven deaths are reported. ](/news/2011/09/18/2011-sikkim-earthquake-pa-magnitude-6-9-earthquake-occurs-in-northwestern-sikkim-northern-india-causing-shaking-in-parts-of-india-nepal.md) _Context: Bhutan, India, Nepal_
3. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/no-dispute-with-bhutan-in-doklam-china/articleshow/59456533.cms (The Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: Bhutan, India_
4. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: Bhutan, India_
5. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: Bhutan, India_
6. [ Amid a stand-off between India and China over the disputed territory of Doklam which is claimed by Bhutan, the Indian National Congress denies the meeting of Rahul Gandhi with the Chinese ambassador to India. ](/news/2017/07/10/amid-a-stand-off-between-india-and-china-over-the-disputed-territory-of-doklam-which-is-claimed-by-bhutan-the-indian-national-congress-den.md) _Context: Bhutan, India_
7. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan, China releases a map detailing pieces of land claimed by Bhutan and India as belonging to China. China claims, via the map, that territory up until Gipmochi belongs to China and claims it's supported by the 1890 Convention of Calcutta. ](/news/2017/07/1/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-china-releases-a-map-detailing-pieces-of-land-claimed-by-bhutan-and-india-as-belon.md) _Context: Bhutan, India_
8. [China informs India that it must withdraw its troops for any dialogue to occur as tensions rise between China and India and Bhutan over the disputed territory of Doklam. ](/news/2017/06/30/china-informs-india-that-it-must-withdraw-its-troops-for-any-dialogue-to-occur-as-tensions-rise-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the.md) _Context: Bhutan, India_
9. [Amid a stand-off between China and India in the Indian state of Sikkim, Bhutan protests to China over the construction of a road in the disputed territory of Doklam, a meeting point for all three countries' borders. ](/news/2017/06/29/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-in-the-indian-state-of-sikkim-bhutan-protests-to-china-over-the-construction-of-a-road-in-the-disp.md) _Context: Bhutan, India_
10. [In a move likely to cause concern in India, China and Nepal commenced last Sunday the first ever combined military exercises, focusing on counter-terror operations. ](/news/2017/04/17/in-a-move-likely-to-cause-concern-in-india-china-and-nepal-commenced-last-sunday-the-first-ever-combined-military-exercises-focusing-on-co.md) _Context: India, Nepal_
