### [2016-04-10](/news/2016/04/10/index.md)

# The World Wildlife Fund reports global populations of tigers, an endangered species, are up about 20 percent over the past six years. This increase in tiger numbers, after declining for a century, was primarily in India, Russia, Nepal, and Bhutan. The third Asian Ministerial Conference on Tiger Conservation starts Monday in New Delhi, India. 

The increase in tiger numbers is primarily seen in India, Russia, Nepal and Bhutan.


### Source:

1. [Newsweek](http://www.newsweek.com/tiger-population-increase-century-southeast-asia-446034)

### Related:

1. [The leaders of Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa meet in New Delhi, India, for the 2012 BRICS summit. ](/news/2012/03/29/the-leaders-of-brazil-russia-india-china-and-south-africa-meet-in-new-delhi-india-for-the-2012-brics-summit.md) _Context: India, New Delhi, Russia_
2. [2011 Sikkim earthquake:. A magnitude 6.9 earthquake occurs in northwestern Sikkim, northern India, causing shaking in parts of India, Nepal, Bhutan, Bangladesh and Tibet Autonomous Region. At least thirty seven deaths are reported. ](/news/2011/09/18/2011-sikkim-earthquake-a-magnitude-6-9-earthquake-occurs-in-northwestern-sikkim-northern-india-causing-shaking-in-parts-of-india-nepal.md) _Context: Bhutan, India, Nepal_
3. [August 2017 Nepal and India floods. Flooding in South Asia has displaced tens of thousands of people and resulted in an estimated 500 deaths across India, Bangladesh, and Nepal. ](/news/2017/08/18/august-2017-nepal-and-india-floods-flooding-in-south-asia-has-displaced-tens-of-thousands-of-people-and-resulted-in-an-estimated-500-deaths.md) _Context: India, Nepal_
4. [2017 Doklam crisis. Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ](/news/2017/07/6/2017-doklam-crisis-despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhu.md) _Context: Bhutan, India_
5. [China-India relations. Bhutan-China relations. Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via "India Today" urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. "[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]"](/news/2017/07/3/china-india-relations-bhutan-china-relations-amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a.md) _Context: Bhutan, India_
6. [China-India relations. Bhutan-China relations. Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/china-india-relations-bhutan-china-relations-amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiy.md) _Context: Bhutan, India_
7. [2017 Doklam crisis. Amid a stalemate between India and China over Doklam, disputed between the latter and Bhutan, China renews a call for India to withdraw its troops from Doklam. It follows reports claiming China held live firing drills in the region. "[http://www.arabnews.com/node/1131641/world (Arab News)]"](/news/2017/07/19/2017-doklam-crisis-amid-a-stalemate-between-india-and-china-over-doklam-disputed-between-the-latter-and-bhutan-china-renews-a-call-for-in.md) _Context: Bhutan, India_
8. [2017 Doklam crisis. A stalemate between China and India leads to fears that the ongoing stand-off over Doklam in the Himalayas, disputed by Bhutan, may continue into the winter. It comes after rumors that Indian National Security Adviser Ajit Doval may travel to Beijing later this month. "[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/beijing-wont-have-formal-talks-with-india-stand-off-may-continue-till-winter-chinese-expert/articleshow/59615025.cms (Economic Times)]"](/news/2017/07/16/2017-doklam-crisis-a-stalemate-between-china-and-india-leads-to-fears-that-the-ongoing-stand-off-over-doklam-in-the-himalayas-disputed-by.md) _Context: Bhutan, India_
9. [2017 Doklam crisis. Amid a stand-off between India and China over the disputed territory of Doklam which is claimed by Bhutan, the Indian National Congress denies the meeting of Rahul Gandhi with the Chinese ambassador to India. ](/news/2017/07/10/2017-doklam-crisis-amid-a-stand-off-between-india-and-china-over-the-disputed-territory-of-doklam-which-is-claimed-by-bhutan-the-indian-na.md) _Context: Bhutan, India_
10. [Bhutan-China relations. China-India relations. Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan, China releases a map detailing pieces of land claimed by Bhutan and India as belonging to China. China claims, via the map, that territory up until Gipmochi belongs to China and claims it's supported by the 1890 Convention of Calcutta. ](/news/2017/07/1/bhutan-china-relations-china-india-relations-amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-china-releases-a-map-detailing.md) _Context: Bhutan, India_
