### [2016-04-10](/news/2016/04/10/index.md)

# The Taliban, in a statement claiming responsibility for yesterday's rocket attacks into Kabul, Afghanistan, says the intended target was U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, who was in the capital to help defuse a crisis within the unity government.  Kerry had departed less than an hour earlier. No casualties have been reported. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/04/10/politics/kerry-afghanistan-taliban-rockets/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Carrying coffins holding the beheaded bodies of seven ethnic Hazara, thousands of demonstrators from  Afghanistan's different ethnic groups - Pashtun, Tajik, Uzbek, and Hazara -  march on the  Presidential Palace in Kabul,  urging the government to take action against the rising violence against Afghan civilians. The murders, which the United Nations denounced as a potential war crime, have fueled a growing sense of insecurity since the Taliban briefly seized control of  Kunduz in late September. ](/news/2015/11/11/carrying-coffins-holding-the-beheaded-bodies-of-seven-ethnic-hazara-thousands-of-demonstrators-from-afghanistan-s-different-ethnic-groups.md) _Context: Afghan, Kabul, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
2. [An Afghan soldier kills 3 U.S. troops and injures 1 other in Achin, Nangarhar Province. The Taliban claims responsibility, saying the Afghan soldier was one of several Taliban infiltrators in the Afghan Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/06/10/an-afghan-soldier-kills-3-u-s-troops-and-injures-1-other-in-achin-nangarhar-province-the-taliban-claims-responsibility-saying-the-afghan.md) _Context: Afghan, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
3. [A Taliban raid kills at least 20 Afghan police officers in southern Afghanistan. ](/news/2017/05/21/a-taliban-raid-kills-at-least-20-afghan-police-officers-in-southern-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghan, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
4. [Russian Special Envoy to Afghanistan Zamir Kabulov denies allegations by NATO Commander Gen. Curtis Scaparrotti that Russia was "perhaps" supplying the Taliban. ](/news/2017/03/24/russian-special-envoy-to-afghanistan-zamir-kabulov-denies-allegations-by-nato-commander-gen-curtis-scaparrotti-that-russia-was-perhaps-su.md) _Context: Afghan, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
5. [Taliban insurgents seize control of the strategic town of Sangin in the southern Helmand Province after a year-long battle with Afghan security forces. ](/news/2017/03/23/taliban-insurgents-seize-control-of-the-strategic-town-of-sangin-in-the-southern-helmand-province-after-a-year-long-battle-with-afghan-secur.md) _Context: Afghan, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
6. [At least 16 people were killed and 40 more  wounded after two suicide bombers attacked Kabul. The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attacks. ](/news/2017/03/1/at-least-16-people-were-killed-and-40-more-wounded-after-two-suicide-bombers-attacked-kabul-the-taliban-claimed-responsibility-for-the-att.md) _Context: Kabul, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
7. [Battle of Boz Qandahari: Two United States military personnel, four Afghan Commandos, and 30 civilians are killed in clashes with the Taliban in Kunduz province, Afghanistan. ](/news/2016/11/3/battle-of-boz-qandahari-two-united-states-military-personnel-four-afghan-commandos-and-30-civilians-are-killed-in-clashes-with-the-taliba.md) _Context: Afghan, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
8. [Taliban officials make an offer to protect national interests such as copper mines and an international gas pipeline to assist the development of Afghanistan. ](/news/2016/11/29/taliban-officials-make-an-offer-to-protect-national-interests-such-as-copper-mines-and-an-international-gas-pipeline-to-assist-the-developme.md) _Context: Afghan, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
9. [A suicide bombing kills at least 14 people, mostly police officers, in Lashkargah, Helmand Province, as Taliban insurgents advance upon the Afghan city. ](/news/2016/10/10/a-suicide-bombing-kills-at-least-14-people-mostly-police-officers-in-lashkargah-helmand-province-as-taliban-insurgents-advance-upon-the.md) _Context: Afghan, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
10. [Taliban militants storm the city of Tarinkot, the provincial capital of Afghanistan's Urozgan Province, with fighting reported on multiple fronts throughout the city. Local officials flee to the nearby Tarinkot Airport for shelter. ](/news/2016/09/8/taliban-militants-storm-the-city-of-tarinkot-the-provincial-capital-of-afghanistan-s-urozgan-province-with-fighting-reported-on-multiple-f.md) _Context: Afghan, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
