### [2011-02-14](/news/2011/02/14/index.md)

# Julian Assange's mother criticises leading figures in the U.S. government who called for her son's assassination on television, and expresses concerns that her son is being targeted by an American fatwa similar to the one brought against the writer Salman Rushdie in 1989. 




### Source:

1. [Herald Sun](http://www.heraldsun.com.au/news/breaking-news/fatwa-on-my-son-says-julian-assanges-mum/story-e6frf7jx-1226005567637)

### Related:

1. ["The Stressful Life of Salman Rushdie and Implementation of his Verdict", an in-development video game designed to introduce the younger generations to "The Satanic Verses" controversy, is unveiled at a Tehran games expo. ](/news/2012/06/26/the-stressful-life-of-salman-rushdie-and-implementation-of-his-verdict-an-in-development-video-game-designed-to-introduce-the-younger-gen.md) _Context: ''The Satanic Verses'' controversy, Salman Rushdie_
2. [Jaipur Literature Festival:: Ruchir Joshi, Jeet Thayil, Hari Kunzru and Amitava Kumar flee Jaipur on the advice of officials at the Jaipur Literature Festival after reading excerpts from Salman Rushdie's "The Satanic Verses", which is banned in India. Rushdie, himself banned from the event, is told that police are searching for the four fugitive writers. ](/news/2012/01/23/jaipur-literature-festival-ruchir-joshi-jeet-thayil-hari-kunzru-and-amitava-kumar-flee-jaipur-on-the-advice-of-officials-at-the-jaipur-l.md) _Context: ''The Satanic Verses'' controversy, Salman Rushdie_
3. [Writer Salman Rushdie withdraws from the Jaipur Literature Festival in India due to new concerns about his possible assassination. ](/news/2012/01/20/writer-salman-rushdie-withdraws-from-the-jaipur-literature-festival-in-india-due-to-new-concerns-about-his-possible-assassination.md) _Context: ''The Satanic Verses'' controversy, Salman Rushdie_
4. ["Assange v Swedish Prosecution Authority": Swedish prosecutors drop a seven-year sexual assault investigation into WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. ](/news/2017/05/19/assange-v-swedish-prosecution-authority-swedish-prosecutors-drop-a-seven-year-sexual-assault-investigation-into-wikileaks-founder-julian.md) _Context: Julian Assange_
5. [A congress of female Islamic clerics in Cirebon, Indonesia, issues several fatwas, one of which opposes child marriage. ](/news/2017/04/27/a-congress-of-female-islamic-clerics-in-cirebon-indonesia-issues-several-fatwas-one-of-which-opposes-child-marriage.md) _Context: fatwa_
6. [Julian Assange: The UN Working Group on Arbitrary Detention rules that Julian Assange is being arbitrarily detained. ](/news/2016/02/4/julian-assange-the-un-working-group-on-arbitrary-detention-rules-that-julian-assange-is-being-arbitrarily-detained.md) _Context: Julian Assange_
7. [Nayantara Sahgal, is one of the latest authors in India who will return that nation-s highest award from the National Academy of Letters in protest against what Salman Rushdie has characterized as "thuggish violence" creeping into Indian life under the Hindu nationalist government of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. ](/news/2015/10/17/nayantara-sahgal-is-one-of-the-latest-authors-in-india-who-will-return-that-nation-s-highest-award-from-the-national-academy-of-letters-i.md) _Context: Salman Rushdie_
8. [London police end their three-year long, round-the-clock guard outside the Ecuadorian Embassy waiting to arrest WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. Officers have been stationed at this embassy since June 2012. Police said the operation cost 11.1 million pounds (17.6 million dollars) through April 2015. Assange is wanted for jumping bail in England and sexual assault allegations in Sweden. Assange denies the Swedish charges and suspects the real reason is to bring him to the U.S. ](/news/2015/10/12/london-police-end-their-three-year-long-round-the-clock-guard-outside-the-ecuadorian-embassy-waiting-to-arrest-wikileaks-founder-julian-ass.md) _Context: Julian Assange_
9. [Assange v Swedish Prosecution Authority: Swedish prosecutors drop some charges against Wikileaks founder Julian Assange as the statute of limitations expire but will continue to investigate rape claims. ](/news/2015/08/13/assange-v-swedish-prosecution-authority-swedish-prosecutors-drop-some-charges-against-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-as-the-statute-of-li.md) _Context: Julian Assange_
10. [The Swedish Supreme Court rejects a bid from Wikileaks founder Julian Assange to revoke the warrant for his detention in 2010. ](/news/2015/05/11/the-swedish-supreme-court-rejects-a-bid-from-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-to-revoke-the-warrant-for-his-detention-in-2010.md) _Context: Julian Assange_
