### [2011-02-14](/news/2011/02/14/index.md)

# The Federal Government of Australia is helping the United States investigate Australians involved with the WikiLeaks website according to Julian Assange, who requests that Prime Minister Julia Gillard and Attorney-General Robert McClelland reveal every detail of assistance to foreign governments. 

WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has accused the Federal Government of helping the US investigate Australians involved with the website.


### Source:

1. [ABC News and Current Affairs](http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2011/02/14/3137972.htm?section=justin)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.abc.net.au/news/image/1940158-1x1-700x700.jpg)

### Related:

1. [London police end their three-year long, round-the-clock guard outside the Ecuadorian Embassy waiting to arrest WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. Officers have been stationed at this embassy since June 2012. Police said the operation cost 11.1 million pounds (17.6 million dollars) through April 2015. Assange is wanted for jumping bail in England and sexual assault allegations in Sweden. Assange denies the Swedish charges and suspects the real reason is to bring him to the U.S. ](/news/2015/10/12/london-police-end-their-three-year-long-round-the-clock-guard-outside-the-ecuadorian-embassy-waiting-to-arrest-wikileaks-founder-julian-ass.md) _Context: Julian Assange, United States, WikiLeaks_
2. [In the stand-off between Britain and Ecuador over Julian Assange, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange gives a speech critical of the United States' policy against Wikileaks, "dragging us all in a dark, repressive world in which journalists live under fear of prosecution", from the balcony of Ecuador's London embassy. ](/news/2012/08/19/in-the-stand-off-between-britain-and-ecuador-over-julian-assange-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-gives-a-speech-critical-of-the-united-sta.md) _Context: Julian Assange, United States, WikiLeaks_
3. [It is revealed that the United States has subpoenaed Twitter for personal information regarding people connected to Wikileaks, including founder Julian Assange, suspected source of leaks Bradley Manning, and supporter Birgitta Jonsdottir, a member of Iceland's Althing. ](/news/2011/01/8/it-is-revealed-that-the-united-states-has-subpoenaed-twitter-for-personal-information-regarding-people-connected-to-wikileaks-including-fou.md) _Context: Julian Assange, United States, WikiLeaks_
4. [Christine Assange, mother of the imprisoned WikiLeaks spokesperson Julian Assange, expresses her anger with the Australian government, especially Julia Gillard, on the Seven Network. ](/news/2010/12/10/christine-assange-mother-of-the-imprisoned-wikileaks-spokesperson-julian-assange-expresses-her-anger-with-the-australian-government-espec.md) _Context: Julia Gillard, Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
5. [Julian Assange of Wikileaks says the United States has approached the website to try to negotiate the release of a further 15,000 Afghanistan war documents which the military desires to keep secret; the United States denies this. ](/news/2010/08/18/julian-assange-of-wikileaks-says-the-united-states-has-approached-the-website-to-try-to-negotiate-the-release-of-a-further-15-000-afghanista.md) _Context: Julian Assange, United States, WikiLeaks_
6. [Swedish prosecutors drop a seven-year sexual assault investigation into WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. ](/news/2017/05/19/swedish-prosecutors-drop-a-seven-year-sexual-assault-investigation-into-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange.md) _Context: Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
7. [WikiLeaks releases thousands of documents that it claims provides details of surveillance software used by the United States Central Intelligence Agency. ](/news/2017/03/7/wikileaks-releases-thousands-of-documents-that-it-claims-provides-details-of-surveillance-software-used-by-the-united-states-central-intelli.md) _Context: United States, WikiLeaks_
8. [Wikileaks releases U.S. Central Intelligence Agency director John O. Brennan's personal information after the top spy's personal email account was allegedly hacked by a 13-year-old and information sent to Wikileaks. All of the documents predate Brennan's time in the Obama administration and reveal no classified data. Among the information released are Social Security numbers, an incomplete questionnaire for security clearance, and addresses of his family and associates. ](/news/2015/10/21/wikileaks-releases-u-s-central-intelligence-agency-director-john-o-brennan-s-personal-information-after-the-top-spy-s-personal-email-accou.md) _Context: United States, WikiLeaks_
9. [Swedish prosecutors drop some charges against Wikileaks founder Julian Assange as the statute of limitations expire but will continue to investigate rape claims. ](/news/2015/08/13/swedish-prosecutors-drop-some-charges-against-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-as-the-statute-of-limitations-expire-but-will-continue-to-inv.md) _Context: Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
10. [The President of France Francois Hollande warns that France "will not tolerate" acts that threaten its security following claims by Wikileaks that the United States spied on him and his two predecessors Nicolas Sarkozy and Jacques Chirac between 2006 and 2012. ](/news/2015/06/24/the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-warns-that-france-will-not-tolerate-acts-that-threaten-its-security-following-claims-by-wikilea.md) _Context: United States, WikiLeaks_
