### [2017-07-22](/news/2017/07/22/index.md)

# 2017 Aegean Sea earthquake: Aftershocks cause panic in the Greek island of Kos after a deadly earthquake that injured hundreds. 

Two strong aftershocks have struck the Greek island of Kos within minutes of each other, sending startled residents and tourists scurrying away from homes and restaurants. A tremor measuring a preliminary 4.4 magnitude struck at 8.09pm local time (6.09on BST), sending restaurant customers scurrying toward the middle of the town&#039;s main square, as far away as possible from buildings. 


### Source:

1. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/earthquake-greece-turkey-kos-aegean-aftershocks-panic-island-tourists-deaths-injuries-damage-a7855181.html)

### Related:

1. [2017 Aegean Sea earthquake: A 6.7 magnitude earthquake in the Aegean Sea near Greece and Turkey kills two people and injures more than 520 others. ](/news/2017/07/21/2017-aegean-sea-earthquake-a-6-7-magnitude-earthquake-in-the-aegean-sea-near-greece-and-turkey-kills-two-people-and-injures-more-than-520-o.md) _Context: 2017 Aegean Sea earthquake, Greek_
2. [Earthquakes in 2017: An earthquake of 6.3 magnitude shakes the Aegean Sea, causing one death. Many houses were damaged in Plomari, Greece, and some collapsed. ](/news/2017/06/12/earthquakes-in-2017-an-earthquake-of-6-3-magnitude-shakes-the-aegean-sea-causing-one-death-many-houses-were-damaged-in-plomari-greece-a.md) _Context: Greek_
3. [Scientists discover 7.2 million-year-old "pre-human" remains in the Balkans area near Bulgaria and Greece. ](/news/2017/05/23/scientists-discover-7-2-million-year-old-pre-human-remains-in-the-balkans-area-near-bulgaria-and-greece.md) _Context: Greek_
4. [2017 Adendro train derailment: A TrainOSE passenger train derails near the Greek village of Adendro, leaving at least four people dead and five seriously injured. ](/news/2017/05/13/2017-adendro-train-derailment-a-trainose-passenger-train-derails-near-the-greek-village-of-adendro-leaving-at-least-four-people-dead-and-f.md) _Context: Greek_
5. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: Greek_
6. [Four Hellenic Army officers are killed and one is injured when their Bell UH-1 Iroquois border patrol helicopter crashes near Elassona in northern Greece. ](/news/2017/04/19/four-hellenic-army-officers-are-killed-and-one-is-injured-when-their-bell-uh-1-iroquois-border-patrol-helicopter-crashes-near-elassona-in-no.md) _Context: Greek_
7. [Over 70,000 people are evacuated from Thessaloniki, Greece, as authorities attempt to defuse a World War II-era unexploded ordnance, which was discovered last week. ](/news/2017/02/11/over-70-000-people-are-evacuated-from-thessaloniki-greece-as-authorities-attempt-to-defuse-a-world-war-ii-era-unexploded-ordnance-which-w.md) _Context: Greek_
8. [European migrant crisis: Germany announces plans to start deporting newly-arrived migrants to Greece starting in March. According to EU's Dublin Regulation, asylum seekers must file for asylum in the member state they arrived in. ](/news/2017/01/12/european-migrant-crisis-germany-announces-plans-to-start-deporting-newly-arrived-migrants-to-greece-starting-in-march-according-to-eu-s-du.md) _Context: Greek_
9. [A body found in a burnt-out vehicle north of the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro is confirmed to be that of missing Greek Ambassador Kyriakos Amiridis. A military police officer who had an affair with the ambassador's wife confesses to the murder. The wife and a second man are also detained. ](/news/2016/12/30/a-body-found-in-a-burnt-out-vehicle-north-of-the-brazilian-city-of-rio-de-janeiro-is-confirmed-to-be-that-of-missing-greek-ambassador-kyriak.md) _Context: Greek_
10. [European migrant crisis: Two people are killed and two others injured after a fire breaks out in a migrant camp on the Greek island of Lesbos. The cause is currently under investigation, although some believe the fire was deliberately started in protest of poor living conditions, after a 66-year-old woman and a six-year-old child were killed in a gas explosion. ](/news/2016/11/25/european-migrant-crisis-two-people-are-killed-and-two-others-injured-after-a-fire-breaks-out-in-a-migrant-camp-on-the-greek-island-of-lesbo.md) _Context: Greek_
