### [2017-07-22](/news/2017/07/22/index.md)

# A United Nations Security Council session is to be held to address the escalating violence in Jerusalem. 

The US, Russia, EU and United Nations have expressed concern about escalating violence in Jerusalem. The UN Security Council is to hold closed-door talks and called on all sides to &quot;demonstrate maximum restraint.&quot;


### Source:

1. [Deustche Welle](http://www.dw.com/en/un-security-council-to-meet-over-escalating-israel-palestine-conflict/a-39799797)

### Related:

1. [Palestinians carried out three stabbing attacks against Israeli citizens and police in Jerusalem today with two of the attackers shot dead as the wave of violence continues, police said. There have been a series of stabbing attacks in Israel and the West Bank in recent days that have wounded several Israelis; nine attackers have been shot dead. Also, at least 16 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli forces during/after violent demonstrations in the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2015/10/12/palestinians-carried-out-three-stabbing-attacks-against-israeli-citizens-and-police-in-jerusalem-today-with-two-of-the-attackers-shot-dead-a.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Jerusalem_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli troops, who are still in the process of withdrawing from Gaza, shoot dead a Palestinian teenager as he and about 50 others breach a fence around the evacuated Israeli settlement of Gush Katif and climbed atop of IDF tanks. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220914.stm (BBC)] [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/621804.html (Haaretz)] The Israeli Minister for Education, Limor Livnat, has called on her government to expand Israeli settlements in the West Bank as "dividend" of the pullout of the Gaza Strip. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220300.stm (BBC)], [http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13718&Itemid=1 (IMEMC)] The Israeli Housing Minister, Isaac Herzog, told Israel Radio that Israel does not intend to construct in E1 the area between the Maale Adumim Israeli settlement and Jerusalem in the coming years, adding that Israeli government statements to the contrary were part of the "internal conflict" at the Likud party. ([http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13724&Itemid=1 IMEMC])](/news/2005/09/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-israeli-troops-who-are-still-in-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-gaza-shoot-dead-a-palestinian-teenager-as.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Jerusalem_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Two alleged Islamic Jihad members, involved in a twin suicide bombing attempt on Jerusalem were arrested by IDF forces. ](/news/2005/06/2/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-two-alleged-islamic-jihad-members-involved-in-a-twin-suicide-bombing-attempt-on-jerusalem-were-arrested-by.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Jerusalem_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A Palestinian suicide bombing claims nine lives, near Safed; there is a shooting attack in Jerusalem, claiming 2; there is an attack upon a settler family, killing the parents. Not all of the victims of these attacks were Israeli Jews; some were Israeli Arabs and Druze.](/news/2002/08/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-palestinian-suicide-bombing-claims-nine-lives-near-safed-there-is-a-shooting-attack-in-jerusalem-claimin.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Jerusalem_
5. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Jerusalem_
6. [Two Druze Israeli police officers are killed in an attack at Temple Mount in Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/07/14/two-druze-israeli-police-officers-are-killed-in-an-attack-at-temple-mount-in-jerusalem.md) _Context: Jerusalem_
7. [Equatorial Guinea, Ivory Coast, Kuwait, Peru and Poland are elected to the United Nations Security Council for a two-year term beginning on January 1, 2018. ](/news/2017/06/2/equatorial-guinea-ivory-coast-kuwait-peru-and-poland-are-elected-to-the-united-nations-security-council-for-a-two-year-term-beginning-on.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
8. [As a result of North Korea's repeated missile tests, the United Nations Security Council expands its targeted sanctions against the country, adding to the U.N. blacklist four entities, including the Koryo Bank and the Army's Strategic Rocket Force, and 14 people, including the North's head of  intelligence operations. ](/news/2017/06/2/as-a-result-of-north-korea-s-repeated-missile-tests-the-united-nations-security-council-expands-its-targeted-sanctions-against-the-country.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
9. [In two simultaneous attacks near the Damascus Gate in Jerusalem, an Israeli policewoman is fatally stabbed; the three Palestinian assailants are shot dead. ISIL claims were questioned by Israeli authorities. As well, the PFLP and Hamas claim it was their members who did it. ](/news/2017/06/16/in-two-simultaneous-attacks-near-the-damascus-gate-in-jerusalem-an-israeli-policewoman-is-fatally-stabbed-the-three-palestinian-assailants.md) _Context: Jerusalem_
10. [North Korea's official Korean Central News Agency reports the country's leader, Kim Jong-un, has approved deployment of the  Pukguksong-2 intermediate-range ballistic missile, and ordered mass production  of the system. The United Nations Security Council will hold a closed-door session Tuesday to discuss the test. ](/news/2017/05/22/north-koreaas-official-korean-central-news-agency-reports-the-country-s-leader-kim-jong-un-has-approved-deployment-of-the-pukguksong-2.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
