### [2017-07-22](/news/2017/07/22/index.md)

# After seven hours of debate, the joint special session of the Congress of the Philippines votes 261-18 in favour of the motion to extend Proclamation No. 216 (martial law on the whole of Mindanao in response to the Marawi crisis), that was set to expire 10 PM Philippine Standard Time, until the end of the year. 

Martial law stays in Mindanao until the end of the year. 


### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo News](https://www.yahoo.com/news/philippine-mps-vote-martial-law-extension-bid-023408113.html)
2. [CNN Philippines](http://cnnphilippines.com/news/2017/07/22/Congress-votes-martial-law-extension-Duterte.html)
2. [Cover Image](http://cnnphilippines.com/incoming/6rpmvz-PRRD-Congress-Breaking_CNNPH.png/ALTERNATES/LANDSCAPE_640/PRRD-Congress-Breaking_CNNPH.png)

### Related:

1. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte plans to appeal to the Congress of the Philippines to extend Proclamation No. 216 (martial law on the whole of Mindanao, which will end on 22 July 10 PM PST) until the end of 2017, due to constitutional constraints as well as the ongoing Marawi crisis. ](/news/2017/07/17/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-plans-to-appeal-to-the-congress-of-the-philippines-to-extend-proclamation-no-216-martial-law.md) _Context: Congress of the Philippines, Marawi crisis, Martial law in the Philippines, Mindanao, Philippine Standard Time, ongoing martial law_
2. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte tells soldiers fighting in Mindanao, where he proclaimed martial law earlier this week, that he will accept responsibility for abuses they commit, and jokes that "[i]f you had raped three, I will admit it, that's on me." ](/news/2017/05/27/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-tells-soldiers-fighting-in-mindanao-where-he-proclaimed-martial-law-earlier-this-week-that-he.md) _Context: Marawi crisis, Mindanao, ongoing martial law_
3. [ Coinciding with the 45th anniversary of the declaration of martial law in 1972 by the late Philippine President Ferdinand Marcos, nationwide protests are conducted by various groups against the government's implementation of the war on drugs and the ongoing martial law in the whole of Mindanao under the administration of President Rodrigo Duterte. ](/news/2017/09/21/coinciding-with-the-45th-anniversary-of-the-declaration-of-martial-law-in-1972-by-the-late-philippine-president-ferdinand-marcos-nationwid.md) _Context: Mindanao, ongoing martial law_
4. [The government of the Philippines and the Communist Party cancel peace talks after president Rodrigo Duterte declares martial law in Mindanao. ](/news/2017/05/28/the-government-of-the-philippines-and-the-communist-party-cancel-peace-talks-after-president-rodrigo-duterte-declares-martial-law-in-mindana.md) _Context: Martial law in the Philippines, Mindanao_
5. [President Rodrigo Duterte declares martial law in the island of Mindanao after Maute militants clash with army troops in Marawi, Lanao del Sur. ](/news/2017/05/23/president-rodrigo-duterte-declares-martial-law-in-the-island-of-mindanao-after-maute-militants-clash-with-army-troops-in-marawi-lanao-del-s.md) _Context: Martial law in the Philippines, Mindanao_
6. [Philippines President Benigno Aquino III submits a bill to the Congress of the Philippines that will give autonomy to Filipino Muslims in Bangsamoro and bring peace to Mindanao.](/news/2014/09/10/philippines-president-benigno-aquino-iii-submits-a-bill-to-the-congress-of-the-philippines-that-will-give-autonomy-to-filipino-muslims-in-ba.md) _Context: Congress of the Philippines, Mindanao_
7. [The Supreme Court of the Philippines says President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte can declare martial law in the whole Philippines. Two days prior, the Supreme Court had ](/news/2017/07/6/the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-says-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-can-declare-martial-law-in-the-whole-philippines-two.md) _Context: Martial law in the Philippines_
8. [History of the Philippines (1898-1946), During the annual State of the Nation Address through the Congress of the Philippines, President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte has outright demanded that the United States return the controversial Balangiga bells, taken during one of the campaigns of the Philippine-American War as spoils of war. Previous attempts to recover the bells have all failed so far. ](/news/2017/07/24/history-of-the-philippines-1898a1946-during-the-annual-state-of-the-nation-address-through-the-congress-of-the-philippines-president-o.md) _Context: Congress of the Philippines_
9. [A new set of kidnappings and a jail break plague Sulu province in the southern region of Mindanao in the Philippines. ](/news/2017/07/17/a-new-set-of-kidnappings-and-a-jail-break-plague-sulu-province-in-the-southern-region-of-mindanao-in-the-philippines.md) _Context: Mindanao_
10. [More than 400,000 people displaced by the conflict are affected by disease outbreaks and psychological trauma. ](/news/2017/07/1/more-than-400-000-people-displaced-by-the-conflict-are-affected-by-disease-outbreaks-and-psychological-trauma.md) _Context: Marawi crisis_
