### [2017-07-22](/news/2017/07/22/index.md)

# Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. 

U.S. Republicans and Democrats have reached agreement on legislation that allows new sanctions against Russia, Iran and now also North Korea, leading congressional Democrats said on Saturday.


### Source:

1. [CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/house-senate-negotiators-come-to-agreement-on-russia-sanctions-vote-tuesday/)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-russia-sanctions-idUSKBN1A70L0)
2. [Cover Image](https://s1.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20170722&t=2&i=1194009348&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXMPED6L0E1)

### Related:

1. [Democratic presidential election nominee Hillary Clinton accuses Russian intelligence services of being behind recent hacks into Democratic National Committee computers, while also accusing Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump of supporting Russian President Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2016/07/31/democratic-presidential-election-nominee-hillary-clinton-accuses-russian-intelligence-services-of-being-behind-recent-hacks-into-democratic.md) _Context: Democratic, Republican, Russia_
2. [The Obama Administration, through its appointment of a majority of board members on the Democratic-controlled U.S. National Labor Relations Board's 3&ndash;2 ruling in the Browning-Ferris case uses an expanded definition of joint employer when determining if a parent company shares responsibility for workers hired by a subcontractor or franchisee. The Republican-controlled US Congress responded to arguments from businesses such as the International Franchise Association by adding another NLRB-related rider to the budget to block implementation of this latest ruling. Browning-Ferris can appeal the decision to a federal appeals court. The ruling could affect current unionization and pay efforts at McDonald's franchises. ](/news/2015/08/27/the-obama-administration-through-its-appointment-of-a-majority-of-board-members-on-the-democratic-controlled-u-s-national-labor-relations.md) _Context: Democratic, Republican, United States Congress_
3. [ Democratic Party officials in the U.S. Congress have warned President Bush that he does not have the authority to go to war with Iran. ](/news/2007/02/15/democratic-party-officials-in-the-u-s-congress-have-warned-president-bush-that-he-does-not-have-the-authority-to-go-to-war-with-iran.md) _Context: Democratic, Iran, United States Congress_
4. [Facebook agrees to disclose ads that ran in the U.S. in 2016 from accounts associated with a Russian entity known as the Internet Research Agency to United States Congressional investigators. Earlier, this information was provided to Special Counsel Robert Mueller. ](/news/2017/09/21/facebook-agrees-to-disclose-ads-that-ran-in-the-u-s-in-2016-from-accounts-associated-with-a-russian-entity-known-as-the-internet-research-a.md) _Context: Russia, United States Congress_
5. [West Virginia Governor Jim Justice announces, during U.S. President Donald Trump's rally in Huntington, he is changing his party affiliation from Democratic to Republican. ](/news/2017/08/3/west-virginia-governor-jim-justice-announces-during-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-rally-in-huntington-he-is-changing-his-party-affiliation.md) _Context: Democratic, Republican_
6. [The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping-up-sanctions-against-russia-and-against-iran-language-in-the-mea.md) _Context: Iran, Russia_
7. [Nearly 200 members of the Democratic Party in the United States Congress file a lawsuit in the federal court, claiming that U.S. President Trump profits from business dealings with foreign governments, in violation of the United States Constitution's emolument clauses. This is the third such suit of its kind, following on the heels of the most recent suit by the Attorneys General of Maryland and the District of Columbia.](/news/2017/06/14/nearly-200-members-of-the-democratic-party-in-the-united-states-congress-file-a-lawsuit-in-the-federal-court-claiming-that-u-s-president-t.md) _Context: Democratic, United States Congress_
8. [United States senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-states-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-it.md) _Context: Democratic, Republican_
9. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: Democratic, Republican_
10. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Iran, Russia_
