### [2017-07-22](/news/2017/07/22/index.md)

# Poles march against a bill that critics say might decrease judicial independence in Poland. Hungary has supported the bill while the European Union has opposed it. The protesters hope that the President Andrzej Duda would intervene against the proposed law. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-40692318)

### Related:

1. [The leader of Poland's Democracy Defence Committee, Mateusz Kijowski, says the government has "broken the country" after Polish President, Andrzej Duda, enacted a measure curbing the powers of the country's  highest legislative court, the Constitutional Tribunal, despite protests and warnings from the European Union. Kijowski further called for foreign intervention in the country from "Europe and the United States" to topple the Law and Justice (PiS) government, saying "they must help us, otherwise Poland will leave the community of democracies". After news broke that Duda had signed into law the constitutional tribunal bill, he made a speech on television defending his move. Polish newspaper Gazeta Wyborcza quoted U.S. sources saying Barack Obama had objections and had let it be known he would delay meeting Duda. The newspaper also suggested Poland's hosting of the next NATO summit, planned for July 2016, was in the balance. ](/news/2015/12/28/the-leader-of-poland-s-democracy-defence-committee-mateusz-kijowski-says-the-government-has-broken-the-country-after-polish-president-a.md) _Context: Andrzej Duda, European Union, Poland, President_
2. [Foreign ministers from Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia meet with officials from the European Union and Germany to discuss differences over migrant quotas. ](/news/2015/09/11/foreign-ministers-from-czech-republic-hungary-poland-and-slovakia-meet-with-officials-from-the-european-union-and-germany-to-discuss-diffe.md) _Context: European Union, Hungary, Poland_
3. [Voters in Poland go to the polls for the second round of a Presidential election between President Bronislaw Komorowski and challenger Andrzej Duda with exit polls showing Duda ahead. ](/news/2015/05/24/voters-in-poland-go-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-a-presidential-election-between-president-bronisaaw-komorowski-and-challenger-andr.md) _Context: Andrzej Duda, Poland, President_
4. [Voters in Poland go to the polls for a presidential election with a second round of voting scheduled with Andrzej Duda of the Law and Justice Party challenging incumbent President Bronislaw Komorowski. ](/news/2015/05/10/voters-in-poland-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-with-a-second-round-of-voting-scheduled-with-andrzej-duda-of-the-law-and-justic.md) _Context: Andrzej Duda, Poland, President_
5. [The European Union invited Poland, Hungary, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Slovenia, Latvia, Estonia, Lithuania, Cyprus and Malta to join.  Expansion is scheduled for May 2004.](/news/2002/12/13/the-european-union-invited-poland-hungary-the-czech-republic-slovakia-slovenia-latvia-estonia-lithuania-cyprus-and-malta-to-join-e.md) _Context: European Union, Hungary, Poland_
6. [The European Union's executive branch sends a formal notice to Poland expressing their concern  that  the new "discretionary" powers given to the  country's justice minister threaten the independence of the courts  in violation of EU laws. Poland has a month to respond. ](/news/2017/07/29/the-european-union-s-executive-branch-sends-a-formal-notice-to-poland-expressing-their-concern-that-the-new-discretionary-powers-given-t.md) _Context: European Union, Poland_
7. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: European Union, Poland_
8. [The funeral of Lukasz Urban, the driver killed in the course of last week's attack on a Christmas market in Berlin, takes place in his village of Banie near the German border. President of Poland Andrzej Duda and a German diplomat attend. ](/news/2016/12/30/the-funeral-of-aukasz-urban-the-driver-killed-in-the-course-of-last-week-s-attack-on-a-christmas-market-in-berlin-takes-place-in-his-vill.md) _Context: Andrzej Duda, President_
9. [Voters in Hungary go to the polls for a referendum on whether to accept mandatory European Union quotas on relocating migrants. While an overwhelming majority of voters reject the EU's migrant quotas, turnout was too low to make the poll valid. ](/news/2016/10/2/voters-in-hungary-go-to-the-polls-for-a-referendum-on-whether-to-accept-mandatory-european-union-quotas-on-relocating-migrants-while-an-ove.md) _Context: European Union, Hungary_
10. [Luxembourg's foreign minister Jean Asselborn calls for Hungary to be expelled from the European Union for its treatment of migrants. ](/news/2016/09/13/luxembourg-s-foreign-minister-jean-asselborn-calls-for-hungary-to-be-expelled-from-the-european-union-for-its-treatment-of-migrants.md) _Context: European Union, Hungary_
