### [2017-07-22](/news/2017/07/22/index.md)

# Protesters march towards Venezuelan Supreme Court against what they feel is bias towards President Nicolas Maduro. 

These photographs, taken over four weeks, capture the daily turmoil that antigovernment protests have brought to the streets of Caracas.


### Source:

1. [CNN](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/07/22/world/americas/venezuela-protests-maduro.html)

### Related:

1. [Supporters of Venezuelan President Nicols Maduro storm the opposition-controlled National Assembly and injure several lawmakers, including the President of the National Assembly, Julio Borges. Several journalists were also injured in the assault. ](/news/2017/07/5/supporters-of-venezuelan-president-nicolas-maduro-storm-the-opposition-controlled-national-assembly-and-injure-several-lawmakers-including.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan protests, Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela_
2. [The Supreme Court paves the way for the prosecution of Prosecutor General Luisa Ortega Diaz after she voiced criticism towards President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2017/06/20/the-supreme-court-paves-the-way-for-the-prosecution-of-prosecutor-general-luisa-ortega-daaz-after-she-voiced-criticism-towards-president-ni.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan protests, Supreme Court_
3. [The birthplace of late President Hugo Chavez is burned by protesters as violence and looting spreads through Barinas, Venezuela following the death of a protester. ](/news/2017/05/22/the-birthplace-of-late-president-hugo-cha-vez-is-burned-by-protesters-as-violence-and-looting-spreads-through-barinas-venezuela-following-t.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan protests, Venezuela_
4. [Marking the 50th consecutive day of protests, hundreds of thousands demonstrate throughout Venezuela against President Nicolas Maduro, with civil unrest growing despite the increasing number of casualties. ](/news/2017/05/20/marking-the-50th-consecutive-day-of-protests-hundreds-of-thousands-demonstrate-throughout-venezuela-against-president-nicola-s-maduro-with.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan protests, Venezuela_
5. [The President of Venezuela, Nicolas Maduro suspends plans to eliminate the 100 bolivar note from circulation, in a country where much of the population lives on cash, without bank accounts. ](/news/2016/12/17/the-president-of-venezuela-nicolas-maduro-suspends-plans-to-eliminate-the-100-bolavar-note-from-circulation-in-a-country-where-much-of-th.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela_
6. [Venezuela's National Election Council cancels a planned meeting to determine the validity of 1.85 million signatures on a petition for a referendum to oust President Nicols Maduro. ](/news/2016/06/3/venezuela-s-national-election-council-cancels-a-planned-meeting-to-determine-the-validity-of-1-85-million-signatures-on-a-petition-for-a-ref.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela_
7. [Police in the Dominican Republic raid a mansion owned by 30-year-old Francisco Flores de Freites, one of the two nephews of Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro facing charges for allegedly trying to traffic 800 kg of cocaine into the U.S., and found more than 280 pounds of cocaine and 22 pounds of heroin hidden inside the nephew's posh Casa de Campo property and a 135-foot yacht named "The Kingdom" docked behind it. ](/news/2015/11/13/police-in-the-dominican-republic-raid-a-mansion-owned-by-30-year-old-francisco-flores-de-freites-one-of-the-two-nephews-of-venezuelan-presi.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela_
8. [Nicols Maduro is sworn in as the President of Venezuela despite a review of the results of the Venezuelan presidential election. ](/news/2013/04/19/nicolas-maduro-is-sworn-in-as-the-president-of-venezuela-despite-a-review-of-the-results-of-the-venezuelan-presidential-election.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela_
9. [ Venezuela's Foreign Minister Nicols Maduro is detained in John F. Kennedy International Airport for secondary screening. ](/news/2006/09/24/venezuela-s-foreign-minister-nicolas-maduro-is-detained-in-john-f-kennedy-international-airport-for-secondary-screening.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela_
10. [The Venezuelan oppositor leader Leopoldo Lopez, leader of the Popular Will party, leaves the jail after almost 3 years and a half of confinement, to happen to comply house arrest with an electronic shackle. According to the Supreme Tribunal, this measure was taken for humanitarian reasons. Lopez was sentenced to 13 years and 9 months of imprisonment for supposedly instigate to violence during the 2014 anti-Goverment protests, although his supporters and much of the international community deny this version and consider that exist a political persecution against him. ](/news/2017/07/8/the-venezuelan-oppositor-leader-leopoldo-la3pez-leader-of-the-popular-will-party-leaves-the-jail-after-almost-3-years-and-a-half-of-confin.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan protests_
