### [2012-03-6](/news/2012/03/6/index.md)

# A South Korean panel identifies the 95 Koreans who died in the US bombing of Tokyo during World War II. 




### Source:

1. [Yonhap](http://english.yonhapnews.co.kr/news/2012/03/06/33/0200000000AEN20120306004100315F.HTML)

### Related:

1. [Japan-South Korea relations. Japan and South Korea agree to 'irreversibly' resolve a long-running dispute over Korean women the Japanese military used as sex slaves during World War II. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will issue a formal apology to the so-called "comfort women." Tokyo will set up an aid fund of about 1 billion yen ($8.3 million). ](/news/2015/12/28/japan-south-korea-relations-japan-and-south-korea-agree-to-irreversibly-resolve-a-long-running-dispute-over-korean-women-the-japanese-m.md) _Context: South Korea, World War II_
2. [Japan-South Korea relations. South Korea announces that Foreign Minister Yun Byung-se will meet with Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida in Seoul Monday to work toward a final settlement concerning sex slavery during World War II. "The Nikkei" reports that Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe plans to create a new government-backed fund, containing over 100 million yen (US$831,200/GBP556,600) to help former South Korean "comfort women," and is also considering making an apology for the wartime sexual enslavement. ](/news/2015/12/25/japan-south-korea-relations-south-korea-announces-that-foreign-minister-yun-byung-se-will-meet-with-japanese-foreign-minister-fumio-kishi.md) _Context: South Korea, World War II_
3. [A South Korean man is seriously injured after self-immolation during a protest against Japan's use of South Korean women as sex slaves during World War II. ](/news/2015/08/12/a-south-korean-man-is-seriously-injured-after-self-immolation-during-a-protest-against-japan-s-use-of-south-korean-women-as-sex-slaves-durin.md) _Context: South Korea, World War II_
4. [Two Japanese cabinet ministers Keiji Furuya and Yoshitaka Shindo visit the Yasukuni Shrine to mark the 69th anniversary of Japan's surrender at the end of World War II. This visit upsets China and South Korea as the shrine contains the graves of war criminals. ](/news/2014/08/15/two-japanese-cabinet-ministers-keiji-furuya-and-yoshitaka-shindo-visit-the-yasukuni-shrine-to-mark-the-69th-anniversary-of-japan-s-surrender.md) _Context: South Korea, World War II_
5. [ Japan announces closure of World War II sex slave fund by March 2007. The Asian Women's Fund, set up in 1995, paid 2M yen ($19,470) each in compensation, plus medical and welfare support, to 285 so-called "comfort women" in the Philippines, South Korea and Taiwan. ](/news/2005/05/28/japan-announces-closure-of-world-war-ii-sex-slave-fund-by-march-2007-the-asian-women-s-fund-set-up-in-1995-paid-2m-yen-19-470-each-in.md) _Context: South Korea, World War II_
6. [Disasters in South Korea. An explosion at a South Korean shipyard owned by STX Offshore & Shipbuilding kills four workers. ](/news/2017/08/20/disasters-in-south-korea-an-explosion-at-a-south-korean-shipyard-owned-by-stx-offshore-shipbuilding-kills-four-workers.md) _Context: South Korea_
7. [Gene editing. Teams of United States-based researchers, composed of American, Chinese and South Korean scientists, successfully edit a piece of faulty DNA that causes a deadly form of heart disease from cells in human embryos. ](/news/2017/08/2/gene-editing-teams-of-united-states-based-researchers-composed-of-american-chinese-and-south-korean-scientists-successfully-edit-a-piece.md) _Context: South Korea_
8. [South Korea's National Police raid the headquarters of Korean Air as part of an investigation into embezzlement and breach of trust related to misappropriated funds alleged to have been used to fund construction at the residence of Korean Air Chairman Cho Yang-ho (father of Heather Cho, instigator of the "Nut rage incident" in 2014). The company's shares continue to drop. ](/news/2017/07/7/south-korea-s-national-police-raid-the-headquarters-of-korean-air-as-part-of-an-investigation-into-embezzlement-and-breach-of-trust-related.md) _Context: South Korea_
9. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. 2017 North Korean missile tests. North Korea launches an intercontinental ballistic missile that flies 620 miles horizontally in about 45 minutes, landing in the Sea of Japan, according to Japan, South Korea and the United States. ](/news/2017/07/28/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-2017-north-korean-missile-tests-north-korea-launches-an-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-tha.md) _Context: South Korea_
10. [2017 North Korean missile tests. North Korea test fires several missiles, believed to be anti-ship weapons. The test comes immediately after South Korea suspends further deployment of the THAAD anti-missile system. ](/news/2017/06/8/2017-north-korean-missile-tests-north-korea-test-fires-several-missiles-believed-to-be-anti-ship-weapons-the-test-comes-immediately-after.md) _Context: South Korea_
