### [2012-03-6](/news/2012/03/6/index.md)

# Human Rights Watch claims that the Government of Japan has been too slow in providing health care to survivors of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster. 




### Source:

1. [Alertnet](http://www.trust.org/alertnet/news/japan-too-slow-in-fukushima-health-checks-rights-group)

### Related:

1. [A report by the Rebuild Japan Initiative Foundation claims that the Japanese government considered the evacuation of Tokyo during the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster. ](/news/2012/02/27/a-report-by-the-rebuild-japan-initiative-foundation-claims-that-the-japanese-government-considered-the-evacuation-of-tokyo-during-the-fukush.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster, Japanese government_
2. [The Japanese government led by Prime Minister Naoto Kan announces that it is firing three senior bureaucrats responsible for nuclear energy policy as a result of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster earlier this year. ](/news/2011/08/4/the-japanese-government-led-by-prime-minister-naoto-kan-announces-that-it-is-firing-three-senior-bureaucrats-responsible-for-nuclear-energy.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster, Japanese government_
3. [Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster:The Government of Japan submits a report to the International Atomic Energy Agency calling for revision of nuclear reactor design standards in the wake of the disaster.](/news/2011/06/9/fukushima-daiichi-nuclear-disaster-pthe-government-of-japan-submits-a-report-to-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-calling-for-revision.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster, Japanese government_
4. [A report by Human Rights Watch and interACT Advocates for Intersex Youth calls for a U.S. moratorium on all surgical procedures on intersex children because they are medically unnecessary and can scar young patients for life. ](/news/2017/07/25/a-report-by-human-rights-watch-and-interact-advocates-for-intersex-youth-calls-for-a-u-s-moratorium-on-all-surgical-procedures-on-intersex.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch_
5. [According to Tokyo Electric Power Company, radiations levels within one of the reactors of Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant, damaged by an earthquake and tsunami in 2011, are at its highest level since experiencing a meltdown, with a reading of 530 sieverts an hour. ](/news/2017/02/3/according-to-tokyo-electric-power-company-radiations-levels-within-one-of-the-reactors-of-fukushima-daiichi-nuclear-power-plant-damaged-by.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster_
6. [Israel denies entry to Omar Shakir, a researcher for Human Rights Watch and an American citizen, because the organization  engages in so-called Palestinian propaganda. HRW's Sari Bashi said, "This Israeli government has been narrowing the space for democratic activity,"  by closing the country off to critics.  Later, the Israel government  would grant Mr. Shakir a tourist visa while considering HRW's appeal on the work visa. ](/news/2017/02/24/israel-denies-entry-to-omar-shakir-a-researcher-for-human-rights-watch-and-an-american-citizen-because-the-organization-engages-in-so-cal.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch_
7. [Human Rights Watch says that Kurdish Regional Government forces have destroyed Arab homes and villages in northern Iraq in what may amount to a war crime. ](/news/2016/11/13/human-rights-watch-says-that-kurdish-regional-government-forces-have-destroyed-arab-homes-and-villages-in-northern-iraq-in-what-may-amount-t.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch_
8. [Egypt tries 237 activists, who face jail terms of up to three years, arrested for protesting without permits against President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi. Thousands demonstrated this month following the Sisi government's decision to hand over two uninhabited islands in the Straits of Tiran to Saudi Arabia. Human Rights Watch says at least 382 had been arrested. ](/news/2016/04/30/egypt-tries-237-activists-who-face-jail-terms-of-up-to-three-years-arrested-for-protesting-without-permits-against-president-abdel-fattah.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch_
9. [ European Union leaders offer Turkey a detailed package of cash and incentives to agree that all migrants attempting to cross the Aegean Sea by raft or boat would be sent back to Turkey which, in effect, becomes the region's migrant holding center. A number of stumbling blocks remain, such as raising the amount of aid from 3 billion euros to at least 6 billion euros; reducing the "72 arduous conditions" the Turks must meet to implement visa-free travel for Turkish citizens;  Europe agrees to  accelerate talks with Ankara on its EU bid; etc.  Human Rights Watch protests the proposed  fast-track collective expulsions that fail to take individual circumstances into account and breach peoples' right to seek asylum. ](/news/2016/03/18/european-union-leaders-offer-turkey-a-detailed-package-of-cash-and-incentives-to-agree-that-all-migrants-attempting-to-cross-the-aegean-sea.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch_
10. [Japan's emperor and prime minister attend a memorial service marking the fifth anniversary of the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami in which 15,894 people died and caused the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster.  Many people remain displaced and recovery efforts are ongoing. ](/news/2016/03/11/japanas-emperor-and-prime-minister-attend-a-memorial-service-marking-the-fifth-anniversary-of-the-2011-tahoku-earthquake-and-tsunami-in-w.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster_
