### [2012-03-6](/news/2012/03/6/index.md)

# Veteran Ohio Congressman Dennis Kucinich is defeated in a Democrat primary in the 9th district by incumbent Marcia C. Kaptur after he was affected by redistricting - Samuel Wurzelbacher aka Joe the Plumber wins the Republican Party primary. 

The incumbents are defeated in dramatic fashion.


### Source:

1. [AP via Google](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5iJHdEiqKlWYoURuJM-yP0jpr4Rkw?docId=054818bacd5a4d969cb46be71bd56277)
2. [Politico](http://www.politico.com/news/stories/0312/73713.html)

### Related:

1. [ Ohio Iraq War veteran Paul Hackett is expected to run in the state Democratic primary to contest the seat of Republican Senator Mike DeWine. Hackett lost in a closely contested House race on August 2.](/news/2005/10/4/ohio-iraq-war-veteran-paul-hackett-is-expected-to-run-in-the-state-democratic-primary-to-contest-the-seat-of-republican-senator-mike-dewine.md) _Context: Democratic, Ohio, Republican, United States House of Representatives_
2. [Efforts to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. American Health Care Act of 2017. The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/efforts-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-american-health-care-act-of-2017-the-republican-controlled-united-states.md) _Context: Democratic, Republican, United States House of Representatives_
3. [Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017. Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia. ](/news/2017/04/18/georgia-s-6th-congressional-district-special-election-2017-democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u.md) _Context: Democratic, Republican, United States House of Representatives_
4. [United States elections, 2016. Four state Democratic Parties sue the Donald Trump presidential campaign, the state Republican Parties, and "Stop the Steal" group founder Roger Stone for voter intimidation in the states of Ohio, Pennsylvania, Nevada, and Arizona. ](/news/2016/11/1/united-states-elections-2016-four-state-democratic-parties-sue-the-donald-trump-presidential-campaign-the-state-republican-parties-and.md) _Context: Democratic, Ohio, Republican_
5. [Incumbent Ohio Congresswoman Jean Schmidt is defeated in the Republican primary in the 2nd district by Brad Wenstrup. ](/news/2012/03/6/incumbent-ohio-congresswoman-jean-schmidt-is-defeated-in-the-republican-primary-in-the-2nd-district-by-brad-wenstrup.md) _Context: Ohio, Republican, United States House of Representatives_
6. [The Republican and Democratic party caucuses in the United States House of Representatives hold leadership elections. Nancy Pelosi of the Democrats is elected as Minority Leader when the new House sits in January with John Boehner to become Speaker of the United States House of Representatives. ](/news/2010/11/17/the-republican-and-democratic-party-caucuses-in-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-hold-leadership-elections-nancy-pelosi-of-the-de.md) _Context: Democratic, Republican, United States House of Representatives_
7. [ U.S. Republican Party candidate Dede Scozzafava, who withdrew her bid for New York's 23rd Congressional District in the House of Representatives Friday, endorses the Democratic challenger. ](/news/2009/11/1/u-s-republican-party-candidate-dede-scozzafava-who-withdrew-her-bid-for-new-york-s-23rd-congressional-district-in-the-house-of-representa.md) _Context: Democratic, Republican, United States House of Representatives_
8. [ Mary Jo Kilroy wins the final outstanding United States House of Representatives seat in the 2008 general elections by capturing the 15th congressional district of Ohio. This translates to an overall gain of 21 seats for the Democratic Party in the House. ](/news/2008/12/7/mary-jo-kilroy-wins-the-final-outstanding-united-states-house-of-representatives-seat-in-the-2008-general-elections-by-capturing-the-15th-c.md) _Context: Democratic, Ohio, United States House of Representatives_
9. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Ohio Congressman Dennis Kucinich withdraws his candidacy. ](/news/2008/01/25/united-states-presidential-election-2008-ohio-congressman-dennis-kucinich-withdraws-his-candidacy.md) _Context: Dennis Kucinich, Ohio, United States House of Representatives_
10. [ Election Day: In the 2002 midterm elections, Republicans receive a net gain of two seats of the closely divided U.S. Senate, retaking control of the body. The Republicans also retain control of the U.S. House of Representatives, with a net gain of eight House seats. Democrats make some gains in the state governors' races, with a net gain of three governorships.](/news/2002/11/5/election-day-in-the-2002-midterm-elections-republicans-receive-a-net-gain-of-two-seats-of-the-closely-divided-u-s-senate-retaking-contr.md) _Context: Democratic, Republican, United States House of Representatives_
