### [1999-06-8](/news/1999/06/8/index.md)

#  The government of Colombia announces it will include the estimated value of the country's illegal drug crops, exceeding half a billion US dollars, in its gross national product.




### Related:

1. [Venezuelan authorities report 12 people were killed overnight  in the capital Caracas, mostly in the  El Valle working class neighborhood where 54 people, including newborn babies, were forced to evacuate a maternity hospital. Others have fled to Colombia. This  death toll during the three weeks of anti-government protests is 20. ](/news/2017/04/21/venezuelan-authorities-report-12-people-were-killed-overnight-in-the-capital-caracas-mostly-in-the-el-valle-working-class-neighborhood-wh.md) _Context: Colombia_
2. [At least 17 people are killed after an Andean landslide strikes the Colombian city of Manizales. ](/news/2017/04/19/at-least-17-people-are-killed-after-an-andean-landslide-strikes-the-colombian-city-of-manizales.md) _Context: Colombia_
3. [A landslide in Colombia's southwestern border department of Putumayo sends mud and debris crashing onto houses killing over 250 people and injuring at least 400 others. In addition, 200 people are missing. ](/news/2017/04/1/a-landslide-in-colombia-s-southwestern-border-department-of-putumayo-sends-mud-and-debris-crashing-onto-houses-killing-over-250-people-and-i.md) _Context: Colombia_
4. [An explosion kills one and injures at least 30 people, mostly police officers preparing for the weekly anti-bullfighting protests in Bogota, Colombia. Bullfighting resumed last month after  a four-year lull, per a Supreme Court order. Responsibility has not been determined. ](/news/2017/02/19/an-explosion-kills-one-and-injures-at-least-30-people-mostly-police-officers-preparing-for-the-weekly-anti-bullfighting-protests-in-bogota.md) _Context: Colombia_
5. [According to the United Nations, as many as 96 families have been displaced by criminal gangs who are filling the vacuum left by FARC rebels in Colombia after the latter signed a peace deal with the government last year. ](/news/2017/02/18/according-to-the-united-nations-as-many-as-96-families-have-been-displaced-by-criminal-gangs-who-are-filling-the-vacuum-left-by-farc-rebels.md) _Context: Colombia_
6. [An Aerosucre Boeing 727-200 Flight 4544, used as a cargo plane, crashes shortly after takeoff in Puerto Carreno's German Olano Airport en route to the Colombian capital Bogota killing five people and injuring one. ](/news/2016/12/20/an-aerosucre-boeing-727-200-flight-4544-used-as-a-cargo-plane-crashes-shortly-after-takeoff-in-puerto-carreno-s-germa-n-olano-airport-en-r.md) _Context: Colombia_
7. [Colombian president Juan Manuel Santos receives his award in Oslo, Norway. ](/news/2016/12/10/colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-receives-his-award-in-oslo-norway.md) _Context: Colombia_
8. [Bolivia's aviation authority suspends the operating license of LaMia. Investigation into the crash in Colombia, which killed 71 people, continues. ](/news/2016/12/1/bolivia-s-aviation-authority-suspends-the-operating-license-of-lamia-investigation-into-the-crash-in-colombia-which-killed-71-people-cont.md) _Context: Colombia_
9. [The BBC reports that leaked audio recordings of air traffic tower tapes indicate that the LaMia Airlines flight was running out of fuel near the Colombian city of Medellin. ](/news/2016/11/30/the-bbc-reports-that-leaked-audio-recordings-of-air-traffic-tower-tapes-indicate-that-the-lamia-airlines-flight-was-running-out-of-fuel-near.md) _Context: Colombia_
10. [A chartered Avro RJ85 plane carrying at least 81 people, including the Chapecoense football team, crashes near Medellin, Colombia.  Rescuers report at least six survivors have been found in the wreckage. The 2016 Copa Sudamericana Finals are suspended. ](/news/2016/11/29/a-chartered-avro-rj85-plane-carrying-at-least-81-people-including-the-chapecoense-football-team-crashes-near-medellan-colombia-rescuer.md) _Context: Colombia_
