### [2012-04-3](/news/2012/04/3/index.md)

# The New York Police Department orders an investigation into the death of French academic Richard Descoings who was found nude in his hotel room. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via ''The Australian](http://www.theaustralian.com.au/news/world/dead-french-academic-richard-descoings-new-york-hotel-room-in-disarray/story-e6frg6so-1226318434512)

### Related:

1. [Danish royal consorts. Denmark's Prince Henrik announces he won't be buried next to Queen Margrethe II in the Roskilde Cathedral where Danish royals have been buried since 1559. The 83-year-old, French-born Henrik has been dissatisfied with his non-equal role as Prince consort. The 77-year old Margrethe, who had a specially designed sarcophagus made for the couple, accepts Henrik's decision, according to a royal house spokeswoman. ](/news/2017/08/4/danish-royal-consorts-denmark-s-prince-henrik-announces-he-won-t-be-buried-next-to-queen-margrethe-ii-in-the-roskilde-cathedral-where-danis.md) _Context: French-born_
2. [Frenchman Jean-Pierre Sauvage, Scotsman Sir Fraser Stoddart, and Dutchman Ben Feringa win the Nobel Prize in Chemistry for their research into nanotechnology. ](/news/2016/10/5/frenchman-jean-pierre-sauvage-scotsman-sir-fraser-stoddart-and-dutchman-ben-feringa-win-the-nobel-prize-in-chemistry-for-their-research-in.md) _Context: French-born_
3. [French taxidrivers, air traffic controllers and school teachers go on strike over working conditions and competition from non-traditional services such as Uber. ](/news/2016/01/26/french-taxidrivers-air-traffic-controllers-and-school-teachers-go-on-strike-over-working-conditions-and-competition-from-non-traditional-se.md) _Context: French-born_
4. [November 2015 Paris attacks. Authorities search for Belgium-born French national Salah Abdeslam, one of three brothers suspected of involvement in the attacks. Raids are reported to have taken place in Grenoble, Toulouse, Jeumont and the Paris suburb of Bobigny. This contradicts previously published official information that all the perpetrators of the attacks were dead. ](/news/2015/11/16/november-2015-paris-attacks-authorities-search-for-belgium-born-french-national-salah-abdeslam-one-of-three-brothers-suspected-of-involvem.md) _Context: French-born_
5. ["Dheepan", a French film directed by Jacques Audiard, wins the Palme d'Or at the 2015 Cannes Film Festival. ](/news/2015/05/24/dheepan-a-french-film-directed-by-jacques-audiard-wins-the-palme-d-or-at-the-2015-cannes-film-festival.md) _Context: French-born_
6. [In Queens Village, a part of the New York City borough of Queens, 25-year-old New York Police Department (NYPD) officer Brian Moore is shot in the head through the cheek while on patrol with his partner, Erik Jansen, who was uninjured, according to NYPD Police Commissioner William Bratton. The officer was placed in an induced coma at Jamaica Hospital Medical Center, but his condition eventually deteriorated, and he died on Monday, May 4, 2015, after being taken off of life support. Demetrius Blackwell, 35, is charged with first-degree murder in the case. ](/news/2015/05/2/in-queens-village-a-part-of-the-new-york-city-borough-of-queens-25-year-old-new-york-police-department-nypd-officer-brian-moore-is-shot.md) _Context: New York Police Department_
7. [Germanwings Flight 9525. French prosecutors say the passengers onboard the Germanwings flight that crashed in southern France have all been identified, and their bodies can be returned home to their families. ](/news/2015/05/19/germanwings-flight-9525-french-prosecutors-say-the-passengers-onboard-the-germanwings-flight-that-crashed-in-southern-france-have-all-been.md) _Context: French-born_
8. [A French air traffic controllers strike causes the cancellation of hundreds of flights throughout Europe. ](/news/2015/04/8/a-french-air-traffic-controllers-strike-causes-the-cancellation-of-hundreds-of-flights-throughout-europe.md) _Context: French-born_
9. [Villa Castelli helicopter collision. Two helicopters collide in mid-air in a remote area of northwestern Argentina leaving at least ten dead. Among the dead are a group of French sports stars participating in a reality-television show called "Dropped": [http://bigstory.ap.org/article/cecd6a53c4ad45a7bff911bf608ac3a5/2-helicopters-crash-northwest-argentina-10-dead (AP)], [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/southamerica/argentina/11460541/French-Olympians-filming-reality-TV-survival-show-killed-in-helicopter-crash-in-Argentina.html ("The Telegraph")], [http://www.bbc.com/news/world-latin-america-31809231 (BBC)]. gold medal swimmer. Alexis Vastine - a 2008 Summer Olympics bronze medal boxer](/news/2015/03/9/villa-castelli-helicopter-collision-two-helicopters-collide-in-mid-air-in-a-remote-area-of-northwestern-argentina-leaving-at-least-ten-dead.md) _Context: French-born_
10. [French film and television actor Louis Jourdan ("Gigi") dies at the age of 93. ](/news/2015/02/14/french-film-and-television-actor-louis-jourdan-gigi-dies-at-the-age-of-93.md) _Context: French-born_
