### [2006-09-15](/news/2006/09/15/index.md)

#  Tarcisio Bertone becomes new Cardinal Secretary of State of the Holy See, and Archbishop Dominique Mamberti is named new Secretary for Relations with States (foreign minister). At the same time, Angelo Sodano retires after sixteen years as Cardinal Secretary of State. [http://www.theindiancatholic.com/newsread.asp?nid=3419]




### Related:

1. [ After 16 years in office, Angelo Sodano retires as Cardinal Secretary of State. He will be succeeded by Tarcisio Bertone, until now Archbishop of Genoa. ](/news/2006/06/22/after-16-years-in-office-angelo-sodano-retires-as-cardinal-secretary-of-state-he-will-be-succeeded-by-tarcisio-bertone-until-now-archbis.md) _Context: Angelo Sodano, Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone, Vatican Secretary of State_
2. [Pope Benedict XVI and the child sexual abuse scandal in the Roman Catholic Church:. Homosexuality is to blame for paedophilia, according to Vatican Secretary of State and the Pope's Deputy, Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone, speaking today at a news conference in Chile. ](/news/2010/04/12/pope-benedict-xvi-and-the-child-sexual-abuse-scandal-in-the-roman-catholic-church-homosexuality-is-to-blame-for-paedophilia-according-to.md) _Context: Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone, Vatican Secretary of State_
3. [The Holy See and Myanmar establish full diplomatic relations following a meeting between Pope Francis and Myanmar's State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-holy-see-and-myanmar-establish-full-diplomatic-relations-following-a-meeting-between-pope-francis-and-myanmar-s-state-counsellor-aung-sa.md) _Context: Holy See_
4. [Holy See-Turkey relations. Pope Francis's visit to Armenia this weekend may stress relations with Turkey. The Pope is seeking to avoid reigniting the diplomatic dispute that arose last year when he described the 1915 mass killings of Armenians as a genocide. The Vatican prefers the Armenian phrase "Medz Yeghern," which roughly translates as "the great evil or calamity." ](/news/2016/06/23/holy-see-turkey-relations-pope-francis-s-visit-to-armenia-this-weekend-may-stress-relations-with-turkey-the-pope-is-seeking-to-avoid-rei.md) _Context: Holy See_
5. [The Vatican suspends PricewaterhouseCoopers' audit of its finances over questions whether proper procedures were followed when the December 2015 contract, reportedly worth $3 million, was enacted. Analysts say this move exposes the rift between the church-s old guard and supporters of financial reform, and raises questions about the Catholic Church-s commitment to cleaning up its finances. ](/news/2016/04/21/the-vatican-suspends-pricewaterhousecoopers-audit-of-its-finances-over-questions-whether-proper-procedures-were-followed-when-the-december.md) _Context: Holy See_
6. [The Vatican is replacing Italian Archbishop Carlo Maria Vigano, the Apostolic Nuncio to the U.S., with French-born Archbishop Christophe Pierre, currently the Apostolic Nuncio to Mexico. Vigano, who is 75, the statutory retirement age, in 2015 arranged the unexpected meeting between Pope Francis and controversial Kentucky clerk Kim Davis, who refused to follow her state's law on same-sex marriage. ](/news/2016/03/17/the-vatican-is-replacing-italian-archbishop-carlo-maria-vigana2-the-apostolic-nuncio-to-the-u-s-with-french-born-archbishop-christophe-pi.md) _Context: Holy See_
7. [Pope Francis, in his annual pre-Christmas speech, urged the Roman Curia (cardinals and bishops who direct Holy See actions), to follow his "catalogue of virtues," e.g., to show more maturity, honesty, humility, and sobriety in their tasks. He listed "Curial antibiotics" to treat the "15 ailments of the Curia" he outlined last year and which still plague the Vatican. ](/news/2015/12/21/pope-francis-in-his-annual-pre-christmas-speech-urged-the-roman-curia-cardinals-and-bishops-who-direct-holy-see-actions-to-follow-his.md) _Context: Holy See_
8. [The Vatican announces Mother Teresa's eligibility for canonization after a Vatican spokesman confirmed Pope Francis' recognition of a second miracle attributed to her involving the healing of a Brazilian man with multiple brain tumors. The Vatican has yet to confirm a canonization date for Teresa. ](/news/2015/12/18/the-vatican-announces-mother-teresa-s-eligibility-for-canonization-after-a-vatican-spokesman-confirmed-pope-francis-recognition-of-a-second.md) _Context: Holy See_
9. [The Vatican releases a 10,000-word document that, among other things, says Jews don't need to be converted to find salvation, and that Catholics should work with Jews to fight antisemitism. ](/news/2015/12/10/the-vatican-releases-a-10-000-word-document-that-among-other-things-says-jews-don-t-need-to-be-converted-to-find-salvation-and-that-catho.md) _Context: Holy See_
10. [The Vatican police arrest Msgr. Lucio Angel Vallejo Balda|it and Francesca Immacolata Chaouqui, members of a former papal commission charged with studying financial operations of the Holy See, for allegedly leaking confidential documents to the media, a crime since 2013. ](/news/2015/11/2/the-vatican-police-arrest-msgr-lucio-angel-vallejo-balda-it-and-francesca-immacolata-chaouqui-members-of-a-former-papal-commission-charge.md) _Context: Holy See_
