### [2014-02-1](/news/2014/02/1/index.md)

# Bridgegate scandal:A former aide of Chris Christie accuses the governor of having knowledge of the event. 

New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie knew of politically motivated George Washington Bridge lane closings as they were happening, says a lawyer for the former port authority official blamed for the politically motivated incident.


### Source:

1. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/2014/01/31/chris-christie-bridge-scandal-wildstein/5086099/)

### Related:

1. [Two former associates of New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, former deputy chief of staff Bridget Kelly and ex-Port Authority executive Bill Baroni, are found guilty on all seven counts by a federal jury from their roles in the so-called Bridgegate scandal that created crippling traffic near the George Washington Bridge in September 2013. ](/news/2016/11/4/two-former-associates-of-new-jersey-governor-chris-christie-former-deputy-chief-of-staff-bridget-kelly-and-ex-port-authority-executive-bill.md) _Context: Chris Christie, Fort Lee lane closure scandal_
2. [New Jersey Governor Chris Christie is sued for his role on "Bridgegate". ](/news/2014/01/9/new-jersey-governor-chris-christie-is-sued-for-his-role-on-bridgegate.md) _Context: Chris Christie, Fort Lee lane closure scandal_
3. [New Jersey Governor Chris Christie apologizes for his senior aides intentionally causing a traffic jam on the George Washington Bridge for political retribution in September 2013. ](/news/2014/01/9/new-jersey-governor-chris-christie-apologizes-for-his-senior-aides-intentionally-causing-a-traffic-jam-on-the-george-washington-bridge-for-p.md) _Context: Chris Christie, Fort Lee lane closure scandal_
4. [American voters in the state of New Jersey select party candidates to succeed term-limited incumbent Republican Chris Christie. Democrat Phil Murphy and Republican Kim Guadagno win nominations their parties' nominations. ](/news/2017/06/6/american-voters-in-the-state-of-new-jersey-select-party-candidates-to-succeed-term-limited-incumbent-republican-chris-christie-democrat-phi.md) _Context: Chris Christie_
5. [New Jersey Governor Chris Christie suspends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination for President of the United States. ](/news/2016/02/10/new-jersey-governor-chris-christie-suspends-his-campaign-for-the-republican-party-nomination-for-president-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: Chris Christie_
6. [The seventh Republican Party presidential debate, the second hosted by Fox News, and the final debate before voting begins with the Iowa caucuses on February 1, is held in Des Moines, Iowa. The seven candidates featuring in the primetime debate were Jeb Bush, Ben Carson, Chris Christie, Ted Cruz, John Kasich, Rand Paul and Marco Rubio. Donald Trump, the current front-runner in the polls, was also invited to the primetime debate but opted to boycott the debate and instead hosted a town hall with charitable proceeds going to veterans groups. ](/news/2016/01/28/the-seventh-republican-party-presidential-debate-the-second-hosted-by-fox-news-and-the-final-debate-before-voting-begins-with-the-iowa-cau.md) _Context: Chris Christie_
7. [ United States presidential election, 2016: New Jersey governor Chris Christie formally announces his candidacy for the Republican nomination for the 2016 presidential election. ](/news/2015/06/30/united-states-presidential-election-2016-p-new-jersey-governor-chris-christie-formally-announces-his-candidacy-for-the-republican-nominati.md) _Context: Chris Christie_
8. [Former Port Authority of New York and New Jersey official David Wildstein pleads guilty for his role in creating traffic jams near the George Washington Bridge for political retribution in 2013. ](/news/2015/05/1/former-port-authority-of-new-york-and-new-jersey-official-david-wildstein-pleads-guilty-for-his-role-in-creating-traffic-jams-near-the-georg.md) _Context: Fort Lee lane closure scandal_
9. [Voters in the US states of New Jersey and Virginia go to the polls in their gubernatorial elections, while voters in cities across the country also vote to choose their next mayor. [http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-250_162-57610800/voters-head-to-the-polls-to-elect-governors-in-va-n.j/ (CBS News)] [http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2487773/New-York-City-mayors-race-set-landslide-De-Blasio-leading-40-points.html (''Daily Mail'')] [http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-250_162-57610977/no-surprise-chris-christie-re-elected-as-new-jersey-governor/ (CBS News)] [http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/11/06/us-usa-politics-virginia-idUSBRE9A501O20131106 (Reuters)] [http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-250_162-57610976/bill-de-blasio-wins-new-york-city-mayoral-race/ (CBS News)]Chris Christie is re-elected Governor of New Jersey.Terry McAuliffe is narrowly elected Governor of Virginia.Bill de Blasio is elected Mayor of New York City.](/news/2013/11/5/voters-in-the-us-states-of-new-jersey-and-virginia-go-to-the-polls-in-their-gubernatorial-elections-while-voters-in-cities-across-the-count.md) _Context: Chris Christie_
10. [New Jersey Governor Chris Christie appoints Jeffrey Chiesa (R-NJ) as a U.S. Senator following the death of Frank Lautenberg. He will serve until a special election is held later this year. ](/news/2013/06/6/new-jersey-governor-chris-christie-appoints-jeffrey-chiesa-r-nj-as-a-u-s-senator-following-the-death-of-frank-lautenberg-he-will-serve-u.md) _Context: Chris Christie_
