### [2011-10-17](/news/2011/10/17/index.md)

# 2011 Libyan civil war: National Transitional Council forces gain control of Muammar Gaddafi's former stronghold of Bani Walid, after a bloody six-week siege. 




### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2011/oct/17/libyan-rebels-capture-bani-walid)

### Related:

1. [2011 Libyan civil war:. Deposed Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi is killed in a crossfire between Gaddafi loyalists and rebel fighters in his hometown of Sirte, Libya. [http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-15389550 (BBC)]. The pro-Gaddafi stronghold of Sirte is captured by National Transitional Council forces following a month-long siege. The fall of Sirte marks the effective consolidation of NTC control across Libya, following the capture of the Gaddafi holdout of Bani Walid on October 17. [http://af.reuters.com/article/topNews/idAFJOE79J09O20111020 (Reuters Africa)]. Mutassim Gaddafi is killed in an extrajudicial killing. ([http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2051857/Gaddafi-dead-Dictators-son-Mutassim-pictured-moments-execution.html?ITO=google_news_rss_feed Daily Mail])](/news/2011/10/20/2011-libyan-civil-war-deposed-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-is-killed-in-a-crossfire-between-gaddafi-loyalists-and-rebel-fighters-in-his.md) _Context: Bani Walid, Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council_
2. [2011 Libyan civil war: Fighting continues in the city of Bani Walid, one of the few remaining towns loyal to the ousted dictator Muammar Gaddafi, between pro-Gaddafi fighters and besieging forces loyal to the National Transitional Council. ](/news/2011/10/16/2011-libyan-civil-war-fighting-continues-in-the-city-of-bani-walid-one-of-the-few-remaining-towns-loyal-to-the-ousted-dictator-muammar-gad.md) _Context: Bani Walid, Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council_
3. [In Libya, the town of Bani Walid, a former stronghold of Muammar Gaddafi, revolts against the National Transitional Council government. ](/news/2012/01/24/in-libya-the-town-of-bani-walid-a-former-stronghold-of-muammar-gaddafi-revolts-against-the-national-transitional-council-government.md) _Context: Bani Walid, Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council_
4. [2011 Libyan civil war: ousted Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi's stronghold of Sirte is reportedly close to being conquered by the forces of the National Transitional Council, who have captured the city's airport, hospital, university and conference centre. ](/news/2011/10/9/2011-libyan-civil-war-ousted-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-s-stronghold-of-sirte-is-reportedly-close-to-being-conquered-by-the-forces-of.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council_
5. [2011 Libyan civil war: After a lengthy and bloody siege, National Transitional Council forces approach the center of the city of Sirte, facing heavy resistance from troops loyal to the ousted dictator Muammar Gaddafi. ](/news/2011/10/8/2011-libyan-civil-war-after-a-lengthy-and-bloody-siege-national-transitional-council-forces-approach-the-center-of-the-city-of-sirte-faci.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council_
6. [Aftermath of Libyan Civil War:. The bodies of ousted Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi, his son and advisor Mutassim Gaddafi, and former defence minister Abu-Bakr Yunis Jabr are buried in unmarked graves by the National Transitional Council. ](/news/2011/10/25/aftermath-of-libyan-civil-war-the-bodies-of-ousted-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-his-son-and-advisor-mutassim-gaddafi-and-former-defen.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council_
7. [Aftermath of the 2011 Libyan civil war:. The corpses of 53 pro-Muammar Gaddafi fighters are found in Sirte, all having apparently been summarily executed by NTC troops. ](/news/2011/10/24/aftermath-of-the-2011-libyan-civil-war-the-corpses-of-53-pro-muammar-gaddafi-fighters-are-found-in-sirte-all-having-apparently-been-summa.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council_
8. [2011 Libyan civil war: Forces loyal to the National Transitional Council (NTC) enter Muammar Gaddafi's stronghold of Sirte, as the NTC's three-day assault on the city intensifies. ](/news/2011/09/26/2011-libyan-civil-war-forces-loyal-to-the-national-transitional-council-ntc-enter-muammar-gaddafi-s-stronghold-of-sirte-as-the-ntc-s-thr.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council_
9. [Arab Spring:. 2011 Libyan civil war: In the pro-Muammar Gaddafi stronghold of Sirte, National Transitional Council forces are massing in a square about a kilometer (0.6 miles) from the city center, as they weather heavy fire from pro-Gaddafi snipers. ](/news/2011/09/24/arab-spring-2011-libyan-civil-war-in-the-pro-muammar-gaddafi-stronghold-of-sirte-national-transitional-council-forces-are-massing-in-a-s.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council_
10. [2011 Libyan civil war: forces loyal to deposed Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi launch a counter-attack against opposition fighters in the towns of Bani Walid and Sirte. ](/news/2011/09/17/2011-libyan-civil-war-forces-loyal-to-deposed-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-launch-a-counter-attack-against-opposition-fighters-in-the-to.md) _Context: Bani Walid, Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi_
