### [2011-10-17](/news/2011/10/17/index.md)

# Egypt's ruling Supreme Council of the Armed Forces announces a law banning all forms of discrimination, in the wake of recent violence between Coptic protesters and security forces. 

Measure comes a week after 26 people were killed in clashes involving minority Coptic Christian protesters and military.


### Source:

1. [Al-Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2011/10/2011101634155850324.html)

### Related:

1. [Libyan police found the bodies of seven Egyptian Christians shot dead execution-style on a beach near the city of Benghazi. ](/news/2014/02/24/libyan-police-found-the-bodies-of-seven-egyptian-christians-shot-dead-execution-style-on-a-beach-near-the-city-of-benghazi.md) _Context: Christians, Egypt_
2. [2011-2012 Egyptian revolution: Chairman of the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces, Field Marshal Mohamed Hussein Tantawi, lifts Egypt's state of emergency a day before the anniversary of the revolution. ](/news/2012/01/24/2011a2012-egyptian-revolution-chairman-of-the-supreme-council-of-the-armed-forces-field-marshal-mohamed-hussein-tantawi-lifts-egypt-s-s.md) _Context: Egypt, governing body_
3. [At least two people are killed and over 600 injured in violent clashes with police in Cairo's Tahrir Square, following mass protests against Egypt's post-revolutionary military leadership. ](/news/2011/11/19/at-least-two-people-are-killed-and-over-600-injured-in-violent-clashes-with-police-in-cairo-s-tahrir-square-following-mass-protests-against.md) _Context: Egypt, governing body_
4. [A new cabinet of Egypt is sworn in by the Chairman of the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces Mohamed Hussein Tantawi. ](/news/2011/03/7/a-new-cabinet-of-egypt-is-sworn-in-by-the-chairman-of-the-supreme-council-of-the-armed-forces-mohamed-hussein-tantawi.md) _Context: Egypt, governing body_
5. [Coptic Christians clash with police in Cairo and Alexandria, Egypt, as they demand more protection for Egypt's Christian minority following a New Year's Day bombing of a Coptic church that killed 21. ](/news/2011/01/3/coptic-christians-clash-with-police-in-cairo-and-alexandria-egypt-as-they-demand-more-protection-for-egypt-s-christian-minority-following.md) _Context: Christians, Egypt_
6. [Egypt announces the discovery of a tomb in Luxor belonging to a royal goldsmith who lived more than 3,500 years ago in the 18th Dynasty. ](/news/2017/09/9/egypt-announces-the-discovery-of-a-tomb-in-luxor-belonging-to-a-royal-goldsmith-who-lived-more-than-3-500-years-ago-in-the-18th-dynasty.md) _Context: Egypt_
7. [Two trains collide in Alexandria, Egypt, killing at least 41 people and injuring at least 179. ](/news/2017/08/11/two-trains-collide-in-alexandria-egypt-killing-at-least-41-people-and-injuring-at-least-179.md) _Context: Egypt_
8. [Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt-bahrain-and-unite.md) _Context: Egypt_
9. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Egypt_
10. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Egypt_
