### [2011-10-17](/news/2011/10/17/index.md)

# Virgin Group chairman Richard Branson opens the world's first commercial spaceport, Spaceport America, in the U.S. state of New Mexico. The SpaceShipTwo spaceplane is expected to begin commercial flights from the spaceport by 2013. 

Sir Richard Branson has dedicated the launchpad for his space tourism venture in the New Mexico desert - with his usual eye for a photo opportunity.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-15344836)

### Related:

1. [Spaceport America officially opens in New Mexico as the world's first purpose-built commercial spaceport. ](/news/2011/10/18/spaceport-america-officially-opens-in-new-mexico-as-the-world-s-first-purpose-built-commercial-spaceport.md) _Context: New Mexico, Spaceport America, spaceport_
2. [ Virgin Galactic and the U.S. state of New Mexico sign a US$150-250 million agreement to launch sub-orbital commercial space flights at Spaceport America, near Las Cruces and Truth or Consequences. ](/news/2009/01/1/virgin-galactic-and-the-u-s-state-of-new-mexico-sign-a-us-150-250-million-agreement-to-launch-sub-orbital-commercial-space-flights-at-spac.md) _Context: New Mexico, Spaceport America, state_
3. [One person is dead and another injured after Virgin Galactic's SpaceShipTwo explodes and crashes in California's Mojave Desert during a test flight of the spaceplane. ](/news/2014/10/31/one-person-is-dead-and-another-injured-after-virgin-galactic-s-spaceshiptwo-explodes-and-crashes-in-california-s-mojave-desert-during-a-test.md) _Context: SpaceShipTwo, spaceplane_
4. [Same-sex marriage is legalized in the U.S. state of New Mexico. ](/news/2013/12/19/same-sex-marriage-is-legalized-in-the-u-s-state-of-new-mexico.md) _Context: New Mexico, state_
5. [A wildfire worsens near major U.S. nuclear weapons research lab Los Alamos National Laboratory in the U.S. state of New Mexico; residents express concern about contamination. ](/news/2011/06/29/a-wildfire-worsens-near-major-u-s-nuclear-weapons-research-lab-los-alamos-national-laboratory-in-the-u-s-state-of-new-mexico-residents-ex.md) _Context: New Mexico, state_
6. [Las Conchas WildfireThe Los Alamos National Laboratory in the U.S. state of New Mexico is temporarily closed due to a wildfire burning nearby. ](/news/2011/06/27/las-conchas-wildfirepthe-los-alamos-national-laboratory-in-the-u-s-state-of-new-mexico-is-temporarily-closed-due-to-a-wildfire-burning-near.md) _Context: New Mexico, state_
7. [ The governors of the U.S. states of New Mexico and Arizona declare an emergency along their borders with Mexico citing recent violence, and inaction in both the US government and the Mexican government. [http://www.nytimes.com/2005/08/17/national/17border.html (NY Times)], [http://www.azcentral.com/arizonarepublic/news/articles/0816borderemergency16.html (Arizona Republic)], [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml?xml=/news/2005/08/17/wmexi17.xml&sSheet=/news/2005/08/17/ixworld.html (UK Telegraph)].](/news/2005/08/17/the-governors-of-the-u-s-states-of-new-mexico-and-arizona-declare-an-emergency-along-their-borders-with-mexico-citing-recent-violence-and.md) _Context: New Mexico, state_
8. [The presidential campaigns of Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Governor of Ohio John Kasich announce they will now coordinate strategies to stop fellow Republican Donald Trump from becoming the party's nominee. Cruz's campaign will cut campaigning in Oregon and New Mexico to help Kasich, while the Kasich campaign will give Cruz a "clear path" in Indiana. ](/news/2016/04/25/the-presidential-campaigns-of-texas-senator-ted-cruz-and-governor-of-ohio-john-kasich-announce-they-will-now-coordinate-strategies-to-stop-f.md) _Context: New Mexico_
9. [Glen Casada, a top Republican Tennessee lawmaker who is the chair of the state's House Republican Caucus, suggests activating the Tennessee National Guard to 'round up' Syrian refugees and remove them from the southeastern state, saying "Tennessee is a sovereign state, if the federal government is forsaking the obligation to protect our citizens, we need to act". ](/news/2015/11/18/glen-casada-a-top-republican-tennessee-lawmaker-who-is-the-chair-of-the-stateas-house-republican-caucus-suggests-activating-the-tennesse.md) _Context: state_
10. [Google announces that Project Loon - to provide wireless access to four billion unconnected people around the globe in rural and remote areas via Internet-beaming helium balloons in the stratosphere - will be tested in Indonesia in 2016. Currently, one in three Indonesians are connected to the web, mostly via slow connections, in this 17,508-island archipelago of over 250 million people (and about 319 million mobile phones). The company, which also tested Loon-delivered internet in Chile, New Mexico (U.S.), and Sri Lanka, hopes to deliver LTE-speed to more than 100 million unconnected Indonesians in five years. ](/news/2015/10/29/google-announces-that-project-loon-a-to-provide-wireless-access-to-four-billion-unconnected-people-around-the-globe-in-rural-and-remote-ar.md) _Context: New Mexico_
