### [2004-09-17](/news/2004/09/17/index.md)

#  Chechen warlord Shamil Basayev claims responsibility for the Beslan school massacre, saying that it was carried out by a "martyr battalion" from Riyadus-Salikhin, the group that he heads. 




### Source:

1. [ABC Au](http://www.abc.net.au/news/newsitems/200409/s1201684.htm)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/3664864.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Chechnya's terrorist Shamil Basayev is allegedly killed, according to Russian authorities. He was said to have been killed together with other Chechen fighters working with him at the time of his alleged death. ](/news/2006/07/10/chechnya-s-terrorist-shamil-basayev-is-allegedly-killed-according-to-russian-authorities-he-was-said-to-have-been-killed-together-with-ot.md) _Context: Chechnya, Shamil Basayev_
2. [ Conflict in Russia (Chechnya): Russian President Vladimir Putin's government offers 300 million rubles (USD 10 million) for information leading to the arrest of Chechen rebel leaders Shamil Basayev and Aslan Maskhadov. Maskhadov was the last democratically elected leader of Chechnya. ](/news/2004/09/8/conflict-in-russia-chechnya-russian-president-vladimir-putin-s-government-offers-300-million-rubles-usd-10-million-for-information-lea.md) _Context: Chechnya, Shamil Basayev_
3. [The Venerable Rev. Father Stanley Rother, a priest of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Oklahoma City (born in Okarche, Oklahoma), is beatified at the Cox Convention Center in Oklahoma City by Cardinal Angelo Amato, head of the sainthood Congregation in the Roman Curia and Pope Francis's delegate. Rother, who became a missionary, was assassinated in July 1981 in the poor rural village of Santiago Atitlan, Guatemala, and is the first Catholic martyr born a citizen of the United States. ](/news/2017/09/23/the-venerable-rev-father-stanley-rother-a-priest-of-the-roman-catholic-archdiocese-of-oklahoma-city-born-in-okarche-oklahoma-is-beatif.md) _Context: martyr_
4. [Russian authorities arrest more than 100 gay men in Chechnya, including television personalities and religious figures, for "nontraditional sexual orientation." The "Novaya Gazeta" newspaper reported that three of the arrested men have been killed, while others reportedly were released for family honor killing. Chechen Republic leader Ramzan Kadyrov's spokesperson said this report contains "absolute lies and disinformation" since there are no homosexuals in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/04/3/russian-authorities-arrest-more-than-100-gay-men-in-chechnya-including-television-personalities-and-religious-figures-for-nontraditional.md) _Context: Chechnya_
5. [Six Chechen soldiers, along with six militants, are killed in a nighttime attack on a Russian National Guard base in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/03/24/six-chechen-soldiers-along-with-six-militants-are-killed-in-a-nighttime-attack-on-a-russian-national-guard-base-in-chechnya.md) _Context: Chechnya_
6. [At least two police officers and three suspected militants are killed during a gunfight in Shali, Chechnya. ](/news/2017/01/30/at-least-two-police-officers-and-three-suspected-militants-are-killed-during-a-gunfight-in-shali-chechnya.md) _Context: Chechnya_
7. [A group of nine human rights activists and journalists, heading to Grozny, Chechnya, in a small bus, are attacked on the Kavkaz federal highway near the Ordzhonikidzovskaya settlement at the Ingushetia border. About 20 masked men assaulted the group, confiscated some mobile phones, and set their vehicle on fire. Two of the journalists, the NGO lawyer, and the bus driver were hospitalized. A Committee to Prevent Torture representative said this is the first press tour that was not organized by the Chechen government. ](/news/2016/03/9/a-group-of-nine-human-rights-activists-and-journalists-heading-to-grozny-chechnya-in-a-small-bus-are-attacked-on-the-kavkaz-federal-high.md) _Context: Chechnya_
8. [Neither Syed Rizwan Farook nor his wife Tashfeen Malik made open posts on social media regarding radical Islamic jihad or martyrdom prior to the attack, according to FBI Director James B. Comey. There were, however, direct, private messages to each other that did reflect this commitment. ](/news/2015/12/16/neither-syed-rizwan-farook-nor-his-wife-tashfeen-malik-made-open-posts-on-social-media-regarding-radical-islamic-jihad-or-martyrdom-prior-to.md) _Context: martyr_
9. [The Kremlin's Rights Council states that they believe that Zaur Dadayev, a former Chechen police officer, who confessed to being part of the murder of Boris Nemtsov did so after being tortured. ](/news/2015/03/11/the-kremlin-s-rights-council-states-that-they-believe-that-zaur-dadayev-a-former-chechen-police-officer-who-confessed-to-being-part-of-the.md) _Context: Chechnya_
10. [The city of Grozny in the Russian republic of Chechnya holds a protest with 60% of the population in attendance in opposition to the Charlie Hebdo cartoons. ](/news/2015/01/19/the-city-of-grozny-in-the-russian-republic-of-chechnya-holds-a-protest-with-60-of-the-population-in-attendance-in-opposition-to-the-charlie.md) _Context: Chechnya_
