### [2004-09-17](/news/2004/09/17/index.md)

#  Darfur conflict: Peace talks between the Sudanese government and Darfurian rebels, which began three weeks ago, collapse. Sudan accuses the United States of prolonging the conflict by describing the actions of Arab militias in Darfur as genocide. Rebels will meet with Nigerian president Olusegun Obasanjo Friday evening to give their version of the story. 

A United Nations resolution threatening sanctions over the violence in Darfur will only make it harder for the government to calm an insurrection in the region, a Sudanese offical said Sunday.


### Source:

1. [MSNBC.com](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/6021717/)
1. [Cover Image](http://media2.s-nbcnews.com/j/msnbc/Components/Photos/040919/040919_darfur_vlg_10a.standard.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ Darfur conflict: The Sudanese government and rebel leaders sign two accords that include a no-fly zone over Darfur, disarming Janjaweed militia and informing the location of forces to cease-fire monitors. United Nations officials arrive to investigate claims of genocide. ](/news/2004/11/8/darfur-conflict-the-sudanese-government-and-rebel-leaders-sign-two-accords-that-include-a-no-fly-zone-over-darfur-disarming-janjaweed-mil.md) _Context: Darfur, Darfur conflict, Sudan, genocide_
2. [ Darfur Conflict: The United Nations Security Council passes a resolution threatening Sudan with sanctions if it does not act to control the Arab militias accused of genocide in Darfur. The resolution passes 11&ndash;0, with the People's Republic of China, Russia, Pakistan, and Algeria abstaining. ](/news/2004/09/18/darfur-conflict-the-united-nations-security-council-passes-a-resolution-threatening-sudan-with-sanctions-if-it-does-not-act-to-control-the.md) _Context: Darfur, Darfur conflict, Sudan, genocide_
3. [Sudan's President Omar al-Bashir could still face charges of genocide in Darfur. ](/news/2010/02/8/sudan-s-president-omar-al-bashir-could-still-face-charges-of-genocide-in-darfur.md) _Context: Darfur, Darfur conflict, Sudan_
4. [ Luis Moreno-Ocampo, the Prosecutor for the International Criminal Court, accuses Sudanese president Omar al-Bashir of genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes in Darfur. ](/news/2008/07/14/luis-moreno-ocampo-the-prosecutor-for-the-international-criminal-court-accuses-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-of-genocide-crimes-agai.md) _Context: Darfur, Sudan, genocide_
5. [ War in Chad (2005-present)/Darfur conflict: Chadian rebels have attacked the eastern town of Guereda, neighbouring Sudan's war-torn Darfur region. ](/news/2006/12/2/war-in-chad-2005apresent-darfur-conflict-chadian-rebels-have-attacked-the-eastern-town-of-gua-c-ra-c-da-neighbouring-sudan-s-war-torn-dar.md) _Context: Darfur, Darfur conflict, Sudan_
6. [ Darfur conflict: On the eve of the International Day for Darfur, British Prime Minister Tony Blair insists the government of Sudan must start to "live up to its obligations" towards the war-torn region. ](/news/2006/09/16/darfur-conflict-on-the-eve-of-the-international-day-for-darfur-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-insists-the-government-of-sudan-must-sta.md) _Context: Darfur, Darfur conflict, Sudan_
7. [ Darfur conflict: The United Nations Security Council votes unanimously to initiate the process which would lead to a UN peacekeeping force relieving the beleaguered African Union peacekeepers in the war-torn Darfur region of Sudan. The Government of Sudan opposes the move. ](/news/2006/05/16/darfur-conflict-the-united-nations-security-council-votes-unanimously-to-initiate-the-process-which-would-lead-to-a-un-peacekeeping-force.md) _Context: Darfur, Darfur conflict, Sudan_
8. [ Condoleezza Rice and the African Union request additional funds to enable the A.U.'s peacekeeping mission in Darfur, Sudan to continue. Without additional aid, the African peacekeeping force will run out of funds in four months. Violence in the region has resurged recently. ](/news/2005/12/17/condoleezza-rice-and-the-african-union-request-additional-funds-to-enable-the-a-u-s-peacekeeping-mission-in-darfur-sudan-to-continue-wit.md) _Context: Darfur, Darfur conflict, Sudan_
9. [ The first arrests are made for war crimes in Darfur, Sudan: 15 officials in South Darfur are accused of rape, murder, and other crimes related to the Darfur conflict. Whether they will be tried in a Sudanese or international court is uncertain at this time. ](/news/2005/03/28/the-first-arrests-are-made-for-war-crimes-in-darfur-sudan-15-officials-in-south-darfur-are-accused-of-rape-murder-and-other-crimes-rela.md) _Context: Darfur, Darfur conflict, Sudan_
10. [ The government of Sudan rejects the United Nations' demand that the suspects of war crimes in the violence ridden western Sudanese region of Darfur would be put before the International Criminal Court in The Hague. ](/news/2005/02/17/the-government-of-sudan-rejects-the-united-nations-demand-that-the-suspects-of-war-crimes-in-the-violence-ridden-western-sudanese-region-o.md) _Context: Darfur, Darfur conflict, Sudan_
