### [2004-09-17](/news/2004/09/17/index.md)

#  In an interview with the Saudi-owned "Al-Arabiyya" satellite television network, U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell plays down the importance of Wednesday's report by the State Department&mdash;which listed Saudi Arabia as a country that severely restricts religious freedom&mdash;saying that he hopes that he will be able to use dialogue to remove Saudi Arabia from the list.




### Related:

1. [In the United States, Hillary Clinton is criticized by the State Department's inspector general for her usage of a private email server while she was secretary of state. The finding also concluded though that former secretary of state Colin Powell also had a private email server, as did former ambassador to Kenya Scott Gration. The inspector referred to the email server usage as "longstanding systemic weaknesses". ](/news/2016/05/25/in-the-united-states-hillary-clinton-is-criticized-by-the-state-departmentas-inspector-general-for-her-usage-of-a-private-email-server-wh.md) _Context: Colin Powell, U.S. State Department, United States Secretary of State_
2. [ Prominent Saudis reject yesterday's declaration by the U.S. State Department that Saudi Arabia severely restricts religious freedom, arguing that the report that made the declaration was politically motivated. ](/news/2004/09/16/prominent-saudis-reject-yesterday-s-declaration-by-the-u-s-state-department-that-saudi-arabia-severely-restricts-religious-freedom-arguin.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, U.S. State Department, religious freedom_
3. [ In a report released today, the U.S. State Department for the first time places the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia on its list of "countries of particular concern" (CPCs) that engage in "particularly severe violations" of religious freedom. A designation as a CPC requires the State Department to take whatever steps are necessary&mdash;up to the level of sanctions&mdash;to increase religious tolerance in the designated country. ](/news/2004/09/15/in-a-report-released-today-the-u-s-state-department-for-the-first-time-places-the-kingdom-of-saudi-arabia-on-its-list-of-countries-of-pa.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, U.S. State Department, religious freedom_
4. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry meets in Vienna, Austria, with the foreign ministers of Turkey and Saudi Arabia, as well as the U.N. special envoy for Syria, ahead of Saturday's next round of international summits on the Syrian Civil War. The talks, aimed toward a cease-fire in Syria's devastating war and a political transition to a post-war government, will include senior officials from 19 nations/groups and, as in October, Iran will participate. ](/news/2015/11/13/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-in-vienna-austria-with-the-foreign-ministers-of-turkey-and-saudi-arabia-as-well-as-the-u-n-spec.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, United States Secretary of State_
5. [Saudi Arabia receives US State Department approval for the purchase of four Multi-Mission Combat Ships for $11.25 billion. ](/news/2015/10/20/saudi-arabia-receives-us-state-department-approval-for-the-purchase-of-four-multi-mission-combat-ships-for-11-25-billion.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, U.S. State Department_
6. [ Retired General and former Secretary of State Colin Powell endorses Barack Obama for President of the United States. ](/news/2008/10/19/retired-general-and-former-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-endorses-barack-obama-for-president-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: Colin Powell, United States Secretary of State_
7. [ On the Sunday talk show "Meet the Press", former U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell calls for the immediate closure of the Guantanamo Bay detention camp. ](/news/2007/06/10/on-the-sunday-talk-show-meet-the-press-former-u-s-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-calls-for-the-immediate-closure-of-the-guantanamo-bay.md) _Context: Colin Powell, United States Secretary of State_
8. [ U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell arrives in Israel for talks with leaders of both sides of the conflict with an aim to restarting the stalled peace process. ](/news/2004/11/21/u-s-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-arrives-in-israel-for-talks-with-leaders-of-both-sides-of-the-conflict-with-an-aim-to-restarting-the-s.md) _Context: Colin Powell, United States Secretary of State_
9. [ U.S. President George W. Bush accepts the resignation of Secretary of State Colin Powell. He is the sixth Cabinet member to resign since the re-election of President Bush. [http://www.cnn.com/2004/ALLPOLITICS/11/15/powell/index.html (CNN)] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/4013621.stm (BBC)]. Other resignations today include Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=politicsNews&storyID=6816327 (Reuters)], Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=politicsNews&storyID=6815887 (Reuters)] and Education Secretary Rod Paige.](/news/2004/11/15/u-s-president-george-w-bush-accepts-the-resignation-of-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-he-is-the-sixth-cabinet-member-to-resign-since-th.md) _Context: Colin Powell, United States Secretary of State_
10. [ United States Secretary of State Colin Powell declares that the actions of the Janjaweed Arab militia in Darfur constitute genocide. Powell holds the government of Sudan responsible. Up to 50,000 ethnic Africans have been killed and 2.2 million displaced into refugee camps in neighboring Chad by ethnic Arab militias. ](/news/2004/09/9/united-states-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-declares-that-the-actions-of-the-janjaweed-arab-militia-in-darfur-constitute-genocide-powell.md) _Context: Colin Powell, United States Secretary of State_
