### [2004-09-17](/news/2004/09/17/index.md)

#  Researchers at the University of Central Florida publish an article in the "Lancet" documenting a strong link between Crohn's disease and the bacterium "Mycobacterium avium paratuberculosis." This is the latest in a series of studies that strongly suggest a link between the bacterium and the disease. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/health/3663336.stm)

### Related:

1. [Results, published in "The Lancet" medical journal, of the WOMAN (World Maternal Antifibrinolytic) international study that began in 2010, finds use of a cheap and widely available drug, tranexamic acid (Lysteda in the U.S. and Australia), could save the lives of thousands of women who die in childbirth from excessive bleeding. The medication is already in use for blood loss from major trauma, surgery, tooth removal, nose bleeds, and heavy menstruation. ](/news/2017/04/26/results-published-in-the-lancet-medical-journal-of-the-woman-world-maternal-antifibrinolytic-international-study-that-began-in-2010-f.md) _Context: The Lancet_
2. [Swiss research, published in the medical journal "The Lancet", found that paracetamol -- sold as Tylenol and as a generic, acetaminophen, in the United States -- was not effective at reducing pain or improving movement in patients with osteoarthritis of the knee or hip. The analysis examined 74 randomly-selected trials published between 1980 and 2015 with 58,556 patients who had osteoarthritis. The study did find the prescription drug diclofenac, sold in the U.S. as Cataflam or Voltaren, is the most effective NSAID available. McNeil Consumer Healthcare, the makers of Tylenol, disagree with the study's conclusions. ](/news/2016/03/18/swiss-research-published-in-the-medical-journal-the-lancet-found-that-paracetamol-sold-as-tylenol-and-as-a-generic-acetaminophen-in.md) _Context: The Lancet_
3. [ A rare bacterial infection from bacterium Elizabethkingia anophelis may have contributed to the deaths of 17 people since November 2015. ](/news/2016/03/18/a-rare-bacterial-infection-from-bacterium-elizabethkingia-anophelis-may-have-contributed-to-the-deaths-of-17-people-since-november-2015.md) _Context: bacterium_
4. [Researchers at University College London report in "The Lancet" that an annual blood test could help reduce women's risk of dying from ovarian cancer by about 20 percent. ](/news/2015/12/17/researchers-at-university-college-london-report-in-the-lancet-that-an-annual-blood-test-could-help-reduce-women-s-risk-of-dying-from-ovari.md) _Context: The Lancet_
5. [Research by the University of Central Florida indicates a common UV-filtering compound, oxybenzone, found in sunscreen lotion is killing coral, especially among reefs frequented by recreational divers and snorkelers. ](/news/2015/10/20/research-by-the-university-of-central-florida-indicates-a-common-uv-filtering-compound-oxybenzone-found-in-sunscreen-lotion-is-killing-cor.md) _Context: University of Central Florida_
6. [A study in the medical journal "The Lancet" states that babies who are breastfed were more likely to have higher IQs, spend more time in school, and end up in higher-paying jobs. ](/news/2015/03/18/a-study-in-the-medical-journal-the-lancet-states-that-babies-who-are-breastfed-were-more-likely-to-have-higher-iqs-spend-more-time-in-sch.md) _Context: The Lancet_
7. [A report sponsored by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and published online by "the Lancet" finds that 30% of the world's population is overweight or obese. ](/news/2014/05/29/a-report-sponsored-by-the-bill-melinda-gates-foundation-and-published-online-by-the-lancet-finds-that-30-of-the-world-s-population-is-o.md) _Context: The Lancet_
8. [James Seevakumaran, a 30-year-old student at the University of Central Florida, pulls the fire alarm and plans to attack the school. Instead, after brandishing a gun at another student, he commits suicide in his dorm in Orlando, Florida, United States. The entire campus is evacuated when improvised explosive devices are found in the room. ](/news/2013/03/18/james-seevakumaran-a-30-year-old-student-at-the-university-of-central-florida-pulls-the-fire-alarm-and-plans-to-attack-the-school-instead.md) _Context: University of Central Florida_
9. [A new study published in "The Lancet" finds that up to 90 per cent of school-leavers in Asia's major cities are suffering from myopia, or short-sightedness and that 10 to 20 per cent have high myopia, which can lead to blindness. ](/news/2012/05/4/a-new-study-published-in-the-lancet-finds-that-up-to-90-per-cent-of-school-leavers-in-asia-s-major-cities-are-suffering-from-myopia-or-sh.md) _Context: The Lancet_
10. [A study published by "The Lancet" medical journal describes how short blasts of radio waves to the kidney may help regulate blood pressure. ](/news/2010/11/17/a-study-published-by-the-lancet-medical-journal-describes-how-short-blasts-of-radio-waves-to-the-kidney-may-help-regulate-blood-pressure.md) _Context: The Lancet_
