### [2004-01-14](/news/2004/01/14/index.md)

#  A 45-year-old Sudanese man travelling from Washington Dulles International Airport to airport Dubai is arrested en route at London's Heathrow Airport on suspicion of carrying five bullets in his coat pocket.




### Related:

1. [The White House announces that citizens of North Korea, Venezuela, and Chad will be restricted from travelling to the United States, along with citizens of the six nations previously listed in Executive Order 13780 with the exception of Sudan. ](/news/2017/09/24/the-white-house-announces-that-citizens-of-north-korea-venezuela-and-chad-will-be-restricted-from-travelling-to-the-united-states-along-w.md) _Context: Sudan_
2. [City officials in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, announce that residents will receive incentives for swapping their petrol engine vehicles for electric ones, including a free Salik tag, and an exemption from RTA registration and renewal vehicle fees. ](/news/2017/09/24/city-officials-in-dubai-united-arab-emirates-announce-that-residents-will-receive-incentives-for-swapping-their-petrol-engine-vehicles-for.md) _Context: Dubai_
3. [Two police officials found guilty of negligence and mistreatment of evidence are sentenced to 17 years in prison. Five accused TTP militants are acquitted. The main suspect, former president Pervez Musharraf, who now resides in Dubai, is declared a fugitive for having failed to show up in court and has his property confiscated. ](/news/2017/08/31/two-police-officials-found-guilty-of-negligence-and-mistreatment-of-evidence-are-sentenced-to-17-years-in-prison-five-accused-ttp-militants.md) _Context: Dubai_
4. [Senior members of the Pheu Thai Party report former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra left Thailand last week ahead of the verdict in her negligence trial. She is in Dubai where her brother, Thaksin Shinawatra, lives. ](/news/2017/08/26/senior-members-of-the-pheu-thai-party-report-former-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-left-thailand-last-week-ahead-of-the-verdict-in-her-n.md) _Context: Dubai_
5. [Former Democratic IT shared employee Imran Awan is arrested on charges of bank fraud at the Washington Dulles International Airport. ](/news/2017/07/24/former-democratic-it-shared-employee-imran-awan-is-arrested-on-charges-of-bank-fraud-at-the-washington-dulles-international-airport.md) _Context: Washington Dulles International Airport_
6. [ The United Kingdom experiences its first early summer heat wave in over 20 years, and the highest recorded June temperatures in over 40 years with a reading of 34.5C (94F) recorded at Heathrow Airport. ](/news/2017/06/21/the-united-kingdom-experiences-its-first-early-summer-heat-wave-in-over-20-years-and-the-highest-recorded-june-temperatures-in-over-40-yea.md) _Context: Heathrow Airport_
7. [British Airways cancels all flights from Heathrow Airport and Gatwick Airport amid a "major IT system failure", that is causing severe disruption to flight operations worldwide. ](/news/2017/05/27/british-airways-cancels-all-flights-from-heathrow-airport-and-gatwick-airport-amid-a-major-it-system-failure-that-is-causing-severe-disru.md) _Context: Heathrow Airport_
8. [Saeed Karimian, the founder and director of GEM TV, a Persian language network based in Dubai, is shot dead in Istanbul, Turkey, along with his Kuwaiti business partner. Karimian had previously been tried in absentia by a Tehran court and sentenced to six years in prison for spreading propaganda against Iran. ](/news/2017/04/30/saeed-karimian-the-founder-and-director-of-gem-tv-a-persian-language-network-based-in-dubai-is-shot-dead-in-istanbul-turkey-along-with.md) _Context: Dubai_
9. [Citing a drop in demand, the Dubai-based, United Arab Emirates-owned airline Emirates Air announces a cut in flights to five of its 12 U.S. destinations. The airline's Dubai hub, third-busiest in the world, is a major stop for travelers in countries affected by President Donald Trump's travel ban, and is also one of several Middle East airports affected by a U.S. ban on tablets, laptops, and similar devices in the passenger cabin. ](/news/2017/04/19/citing-a-drop-in-demand-the-dubai-based-united-arab-emirates-owned-airline-emirates-air-announces-a-cut-in-flights-to-five-of-its-12-u-s.md) _Context: Dubai_
10. [Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir names Vice President Bakri Hassan Saleh as Prime Minister of Sudan, the first person to hold the post since it was abolished following the 1989 Sudanese coup d'etat. ](/news/2017/03/1/sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-names-vice-president-bakri-hassan-saleh-as-prime-minister-of-sudan-the-first-person-to-hold-the-post-sinc.md) _Context: Sudan_
