### [2004-01-14](/news/2004/01/14/index.md)

#  Jacques Delors referred to Prime Minister of Greece Costas Simitis, Prime Minister of Luxembourg Jean-Claude Juncker, and former Prime Minister of Belgium Jean Luc Dehaene as the top three candidates for the position of the President of the European Commission.




### Related:

1. [President of the European Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker, holds his annual State of the European Union speech in Strasbourg. ](/news/2017/09/13/president-of-the-european-commission-jean-claude-juncker-holds-his-annual-state-of-the-european-union-speech-in-strasbourg.md) _Context: European Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker_
2. [European Commission president Jean-Claude Juncker warns the British voters, saying that there would be no re-negotiations with Britain whatever outcome of its membership referendum. ](/news/2016/06/22/european-commission-president-jean-claude-juncker-warns-the-british-voters-saying-that-there-would-be-no-re-negotiations-with-britain-whate.md) _Context: European Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker_
3. [The European Commission announces that they will begin a formal investigation into Apple, Starbucks and Fiat in relation to tax arrangements with Ireland, the Netherlands and Luxembourg. ](/news/2014/06/11/the-european-commission-announces-that-they-will-begin-a-formal-investigation-into-apple-starbucks-and-fiat-in-relation-to-tax-arrangements.md) _Context: European Commission, Luxembourg_
4. [The Prime Minister of Luxembourg Jean-Claude Juncker resigns over a scandal in the Service de Renseignement de l'tat (State Intelligence Service), leading to an election being called. ](/news/2013/07/11/the-prime-minister-of-luxembourg-jean-claude-juncker-resigns-over-a-scandal-in-the-service-de-renseignement-de-l-etat-state-intelligence-se.md) _Context: Jean-Claude Juncker, Luxembourg_
5. [Polish President Andrzej Duda announces he will veto two judicial reform bills passed by Poland's parliament, which the European Commission said would result in sanctions, and which have generated continuous demonstrations across the country. The ruling Law and Justice Party needs to put together a three-fifths majority to override the veto. ](/news/2017/07/24/polish-president-andrzej-duda-announces-he-will-veto-two-judicial-reform-bills-passed-by-poland-s-parliament-which-the-european-commission.md) _Context: European Commission_
6. [The European Commission imposes a record EUR2.42bn antitrust fine on internet giant Google for allegedly manipulating its search engine results. ](/news/2017/06/27/the-european-commission-imposes-a-record-a-2-42bn-antitrust-fine-on-internet-giant-google-for-allegedly-manipulating-its-search-engine-resu.md) _Context: European Commission_
7. [Conservative leader Theresa May states she will be a "bloody difficult woman" in her negotiations with Jean-Claude Juncker regarding the rights of EU nationals after Brexit. ](/news/2017/05/2/conservative-leader-theresa-may-states-she-will-be-a-bloody-difficult-woman-in-her-negotiations-with-jean-claude-juncker-regarding-the-rig.md) _Context: Jean-Claude Juncker_
8. [The closely-watched CEVIPOF poll shows Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen clinging to a narrow lead heading into the first stage of the election, with Le Pen recently becoming embroiled in a spat with the European Commission after refusing to appear on TF1 while there remained a Flag of Europe in the background. ](/news/2017/04/19/the-closely-watched-cevipof-poll-shows-emmanuel-macron-and-marine-le-pen-clinging-to-a-narrow-lead-heading-into-the-first-stage-of-the-elect.md) _Context: European Commission_
9. [The European Commission, based on the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe report, calls on Turkey to launch an investigation into allegations of referendum voting irregularities. ](/news/2017/04/18/the-european-commission-based-on-the-organization-for-security-and-co-operation-in-europe-report-calls-on-turkey-to-launch-an-investigatio.md) _Context: European Commission_
10. [The European Commission blocks the third attempt of the London Stock Exchange and Deutsche Borse at a merger, citing the danger of a "de facto monopoly in the crucial area of fixed income instruments". ](/news/2017/03/29/the-european-commission-blocks-the-third-attempt-of-the-london-stock-exchange-and-deutsche-baprse-at-a-merger-citing-the-danger-of-a-de-fa.md) _Context: European Commission_
