### [2004-01-14](/news/2004/01/14/index.md)

#  Turkey and Greece: 22 Turkish military aircraft entered into the Greek Athens FIR. Five of these aircraft were loaded with ammunition. Greek aircraft intercepted them. Source: Athens News Agency and in.gr. (Greek)




### Related:

1. [Former Greek Prime Minister Lucas Papademos is injured when a booby-trapped package explodes inside his vehicle in Athens. Authorities report his injuries are not life threatening. ](/news/2017/05/25/former-greek-prime-minister-lucas-papademos-is-injured-when-a-booby-trapped-package-explodes-inside-his-vehicle-in-athens-authorities-repor.md) _Context: Athens_
2. [China is blocking Taiwan's efforts to join the International Civil Aviation Organization despite 58 million air passengers passing over Taiwan's flight information region annually, citing the One-China principle. ](/news/2016/08/4/china-is-blocking-taiwan-s-efforts-to-join-the-international-civil-aviation-organization-despite-58-million-air-passengers-passing-over-taiw.md) _Context: flight information region_
3. [Two weeks after the deadly suicide bombings, Brussels Zaventem International Airport will reopen today with three symbolic flights to Faro, Athens, and Turin. On Thursday, the airport had said it was "technically ready" to resume partial services, but the opening was held up because police unions threatened to strike unless additional security checks were introduced. ](/news/2016/04/3/two-weeks-after-the-deadly-suicide-bombings-brussels-zaventem-international-airport-will-reopen-today-with-three-symbolic-flights-to-faro.md) _Context: Athens_
4. [Clashes erupt in Athens between left-wing demonstrators and Greek police with at least eighteen people arrested. ](/news/2015/12/6/clashes-erupt-in-athens-between-left-wing-demonstrators-and-greek-police-with-at-least-eighteen-people-arrested.md) _Context: Athens_
5. [A new study shows Greece's six-year austerity program is even affecting prostitution. Gregory Laxos, a sociology professor at the Panteion University in Athens, told the "Times of London" the going rate for sex with a prostitute was 50 euros ($53) when the economic crisis began. Now, it's fallen to as low as two euros ($2.12) for a 30-minute session, or to a cheese pie, a sandwich because they are hungry. ](/news/2015/11/27/a-new-study-shows-greece-s-six-year-austerity-program-is-even-affecting-prostitution-gregory-laxos-a-sociology-professor-at-the-panteion-u.md) _Context: Athens_
6. [A bomb blast at the Hellenic Business Federation offices in central Athens, Greece, damages the Cypriot Embassy across the street. While there is yet no claim for responsibility the authorities suspect a domestic guerrilla group set off the blast. ](/news/2015/11/24/a-bomb-blast-at-the-hellenic-business-federation-offices-in-central-athens-greece-damages-the-cypriot-embassy-across-the-street-while-the.md) _Context: Athens_
7. [Greek anti-terror police arrest four people in Athens, Greece in alleged relation to the January 15 failed terrorist plot to kill police officers in Belgium. ](/news/2015/01/17/greek-anti-terror-police-arrest-four-people-in-athens-greece-in-alleged-relation-to-the-january-15-failed-terrorist-plot-to-kill-police-off.md) _Context: Athens_
8. [Greek anarchists burn a public transport bus and several cars during clashes with police in central Athens. ](/news/2014/12/2/greek-anarchists-burn-a-public-transport-bus-and-several-cars-during-clashes-with-police-in-central-athens.md) _Context: Athens_
9. [Shots are fired at the German ambassador's residence in Athens, Greece; no casualties are reported. ](/news/2013/12/30/shots-are-fired-at-the-german-ambassador-s-residence-in-athens-greece-no-casualties-are-reported.md) _Context: Athens_
10. [Two people, members of the far-right Greek political party Golden Dawn, are killed in a drive-by shooting, outside the offices of Golden Dawn in Neo Iraklio, Athens. ](/news/2013/11/1/two-people-members-of-the-far-right-greek-political-party-golden-dawn-are-killed-in-a-drive-by-shooting-outside-the-offices-of-golden-daw.md) _Context: Athens_
