### [2013-12-23](/news/2013/12/23/index.md)

# Palestinian militants fire a Kassam rocket from Gaza which lands next to a bus stop used by schoolchildren in the Ashkelon area in southern Israel; no injuries are reported. 

After searching overnight, security forces find projectile&#8217;s remains in a town outside Ashkelon; no injuries


### Source:

1. [The Times of Israel](http://www.timesofisrael.com/missile-from-gaza-falls-near-childrens-bus-stop/)

### Related:

1. [A 10-year-old Palestinian boy and his 6-year-old sister in Gaza are killed by fragments from a missile fired by an Israeli aircraft targeting  four Hamas training camps after four missiles landed in open areas in southern Israel late yesterday. ](/news/2016/03/12/a-10-year-old-palestinian-boy-and-his-6-year-old-sister-in-gaza-are-killed-by-fragments-from-a-missile-fired-by-an-israeli-aircraft-targetin.md) _Context: southern Israel_
2. [Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades, the military wing of Hamas claims responsibility for the over 80 rockets fired into southern Israel Monday evening; the Israeli Air Force carries out overnight airstrikes killing nine Palestinian militants. In response to escalating rocket fire, the Israel Defense Forces calls up 1,500 reservists as southern towns declare a state of emergency.  ](/news/2014/07/7/izz-ad-din-al-qassam-brigades-the-military-wing-of-hamas-claims-responsibility-for-the-over-80-rockets-fired-into-southern-israel-monday-ev.md) _Context: Palestinian militants_
3. [Two Palestinians are reportedly killed by Israeli soldiers at demonstrations near a prison where Palestinian militants are held, the Palestinians were throwing stones and waving flags. ](/news/2014/05/15/two-palestinians-are-reportedly-killed-by-israeli-soldiers-at-demonstrations-near-a-prison-where-palestinian-militants-are-held-the-palesti.md) _Context: Palestinian militants_
4. [Palestinian militants in the Gaza Strip fire rockets towards Hof Ashkelon region in southern Israel; the rockets are intercepted by Israel's Iron Dome defense system. ](/news/2014/02/6/palestinian-militants-in-the-gaza-strip-fire-rockets-towards-hof-ashkelon-region-in-southern-israel-the-rockets-are-intercepted-by-israel-s.md) _Context: Palestinian militants_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:The Israeli Air Force launches airstrikes on targets in the Gaza Strip after Palestinians fire a rocket from Gaza at the Eshkol region in  southern Israel. ](/news/2013/12/26/israeliapalestinian-conflict-pthe-israeli-air-force-launches-airstrikes-on-targets-in-the-gaza-strip-after-palestinians-fire-a-rocket-from.md) _Context: southern Israel_
6. [Palestinian militants fire a barrage of rockets from Gaza into southern Israel, in a cross-border escalation following an earlier attack in which four Israeli soldiers are injured, two seriously, when an anti-tank missile fired from the Gaza Strip hits an Israeli army jeep patrolling some 200 meters inside the Israeli border with Gaza; Israel carries out counter-strikes, killing five Palestinians and wounding 30. ](/news/2012/11/10/palestinian-militants-fire-a-barrage-of-rockets-from-gaza-into-southern-israel-in-a-cross-border-escalation-following-an-earlier-attack-in.md) _Context: Palestinian militants_
7. [The Israeli air force strikes a rocket launching squad in the northern Gaza Strip, reportedly killing three, following rocket fire on southern Israel from Gaza and a mortar attack on an IDF patrol near the border. ](/news/2012/10/22/the-israeli-air-force-strikes-a-rocket-launching-squad-in-the-northern-gaza-strip-reportedly-killing-three-following-rocket-fire-on-southe.md) _Context: southern Israel_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:Hamas militants fire an anti-tank missile at an Israeli school bus, critically injuring a teenage boy and the driver, and then fire 45 mortars and 3 rockets at towns in southern Israel; the Israeli army launches a counterattack in Gaza, killing five people and injuring a number of others ](/news/2011/04/7/israeliapalestinian-conflict-phamas-militants-fire-an-anti-tank-missile-at-an-israeli-school-bus-critically-injuring-a-teenage-boy-and-th.md) _Context: Palestinian militants_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:Palestinian militants fire a Grad-type rocket from Gaza into southern Ashkelon, Israel; two residents are taken to a clinic for medical treatment. ](/news/2011/03/20/israeliapalestinian-conflict-ppalestinian-militants-fire-a-grad-type-rocket-from-gaza-into-southern-ashkelon-israel-two-residents-are-ta.md) _Context: Palestinian militants_
10. [The Palestinian militant group "Army of Islam" fires rockets from Gaza into southern Israel in response to the killing of three of its members by Israel last month, with one rocket landing close to a kindergarten near Ashkelon, injuring a 14-year-old girl; Israeli jets respond with air strikes in the Gaza Strip, injuring at least two Palestinian militants, Palestinian sources say. ](/news/2010/12/21/the-palestinian-militant-group-army-of-islam-fires-rockets-from-gaza-into-southern-israel-in-response-to-the-killing-of-three-of-its-membe.md) _Context: Palestinian militants_
