### [2011-04-4](/news/2011/04/4/index.md)

# Three more human remains are found in the Gilgo area of Long Island New York bringing the total number of bodies to eight with a serial killer believed to be responsible. 

Now there are eight. Suffolk police, investigating a likely serial killer since December, found the remains of three more people Monday in the underbrush near 


### Source:

1. [Newsday](http://www.newsday.com/long-island/suffolk/three-more-remains-found-in-gilgo-area-1.2799238)

### Related:

1. [In the United States, Suffolk County police ask the FBI for more help in their investigation of a possible serial killer who preyed on prostitutes and left their bodies strewn along a Long Island beach in New York. Ten bodies were found along an isolated stretch of the South Shore's Gilgo Beach between December 2010 and April 2011. ](/news/2015/12/10/in-the-united-states-suffolk-county-police-ask-the-fbi-for-more-help-in-their-investigation-of-a-possible-serial-killer-who-preyed-on-prost.md) _Context: Long Island, New York State_
2. [A tropical storm warning is issued for the coast of Long Island in New York as Hurricane Earl approaches the east coast of the United States. ](/news/2010/09/2/a-tropical-storm-warning-is-issued-for-the-coast-of-long-island-in-new-york-as-hurricane-earl-approaches-the-east-coast-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: Long Island, New York State_
3. [Investigations concerning Niels Hogel, a German nurse already convicted for murdering two of his patients, revealed that the number of people killed while in his care is significantly higher, reaching at least 84, with some estimates being even higher. This makes Hogel the serial killer with the highest known victim count in modern German history. ](/news/2017/08/28/investigations-concerning-niels-hapgel-a-german-nurse-already-convicted-for-murdering-two-of-his-patients-revealed-that-the-number-of-peop.md) _Context: serial killer_
4. [New York State-based GateHouse Media announces an agreement to buy 11 U.S. newspapers from Georgia-based Morris Communications. Included in the deal is the "Log Cabin Democrat", founded in 1879, and three Alaskan newspapers: the "Juneau Empire", the "Peninsula Clarion" and "Homer News". The deal is expected to close on October 2. ](/news/2017/08/10/new-york-state-based-gatehouse-media-announces-an-agreement-to-buy-11-u-s-newspapers-from-georgia-based-morris-communications-included-in.md) _Context: New York State_
5. [Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-registration-data-from-president-d.md) _Context: New York State_
6. [Police in Anchorage, Alaska, confirm that James Dale Ritchie, killed by an Anchorage police officer whom Ritchie had tried to kill in the fall of 2016, was a serial killer who had used the same gun to kill 5 people, apparently at random. Two of the murders were double homicides, with some of the deaths occurring along Anchorage's expansive Tony Knowles Coastal Trail. ](/news/2017/04/26/police-in-anchorage-alaska-confirm-that-james-dale-ritchie-killed-by-an-anchorage-police-officer-whom-ritchie-had-tried-to-kill-in-the-fa.md) _Context: serial killer_
7. [The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-expands-beyond-ohio-with-the.md) _Context: New York State_
8. [Starting this spring, the state of New York will offer free four-year public college tuition for residents whose families make less than $100,000, the first state in the country to do so. ](/news/2017/04/10/starting-this-spring-the-state-of-new-york-will-offer-free-four-year-public-college-tuition-for-residents-whose-families-make-less-than-10.md) _Context: New York State_
9. [The state of Washington, joined by the states of California, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, and Oregon, asks a federal judge to stop, on constitutional grounds, the revised federal immigration/refugee rules from taking effect on Thursday, March 16. The state of Hawaii has filed a separate, similar request. ](/news/2017/03/13/the-state-of-washington-joined-by-the-states-of-california-maryland-massachusetts-new-york-and-oregon-asks-a-federal-judge-to-stop-on.md) _Context: New York State_
10. [A commuter train from the Long Island Rail Road derails during the morning rush hour in Brooklyn, New York, injuring 103 people. ](/news/2017/01/4/a-commuter-train-from-the-long-island-rail-road-derails-during-the-morning-rush-hour-in-brooklyn-new-york-injuring-103-people.md) _Context: New York State_
