### [2006-10-24](/news/2006/10/24/index.md)

#  An Associated Press photographer is released after a day in the hands of Palestinian gunmen. 




### Source:

1. [AP via WCBS](http://wcbstv.com/national/topstories_story_297170839.html)

### Related:

1. [An Israeli soldier is killed during a car ramming attack near Ofra, in the West Bank. Another Israeli soldier was injured. A Palestinian suspected of committing the attack is taken into custody. ](/news/2017/04/6/an-israeli-soldier-is-killed-during-a-car-ramming-attack-near-ofra-in-the-west-bank-another-israeli-soldier-was-injured-a-palestinian-sus.md) _Context: Palestinian_
2. [  A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-two-other-passengers-are-injured-a-p.md) _Context: Palestinian_
3. [Israeli authorities shoot into a car that was on a ramming attack at a bus shelter at the Gush Etzion Junction in the West Bank where 13 Palestinians and 3 Israelis have been killed since October 2015. A 16-year-old Palestinian, Fatima Jibrin Taqatqa, had lost control of her car and the teenager now remains in critical condition. ](/news/2017/03/15/israeli-authorities-shoot-into-a-car-that-was-on-a-ramming-attack-at-a-bus-shelter-at-the-gush-etzion-junction-in-the-west-bank-where-13-pal.md) _Context: Palestinian_
4. [The Trump White House bars ''The New York Times'', CNN, the ''Los Angeles Times'', the ''New York Daily News'', ''The Hill'',  the ''Daily Mail'',  BBC,  Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as  Breitbart News, One America News Network, and ''The Washington Times''. Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News,  ''The Wall Street Journal'', Bloomberg News, and Fox News. ''Time'' magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to  in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-m.md) _Context: Associated Press_
5. [Authorities report the death toll has risen to 36. Alameda County Sheriff Gregory Ahern told the  Associated Press they don't believe additional bodies will be found in the debris.  ](/news/2016/12/5/authorities-report-the-death-toll-has-risen-to-36-alameda-county-sheriff-gregory-ahern-told-the-associated-press-they-don-t-believe-additi.md) _Context: Associated Press_
6. [Israel suspends 83,000 entry permits for Palestinians for Ramadan following a mass shooting in downtown Tel Aviv that killed four and injured 17 people. ](/news/2016/06/9/israel-suspends-83-000-entry-permits-for-palestinians-for-ramadan-following-a-mass-shooting-in-downtown-tel-aviv-that-killed-four-and-injure.md) _Context: Palestinian_
7. [Two Palestinian gunmen open fire in the Israeli city of Tel Aviv killing at least four people and injuring at least 18 others. The two gunmen are arrested. ](/news/2016/06/8/two-palestinian-gunmen-open-fire-in-the-israeli-city-of-tel-aviv-killing-at-least-four-people-and-injuring-at-least-18-others-the-two-gunme.md) _Context: Palestinian_
8. [The Associated Press reports that Hillary Clinton has the support of enough delegates to secure the Democratic Party nomination. Since delegates do not vote until the convention though, she is the presumptive nominee of the party. ](/news/2016/06/6/the-associated-press-reports-that-hillary-clinton-has-the-support-of-enough-delegates-to-secure-the-democratic-party-nomination-since-deleg.md) _Context: Associated Press_
9. [A 22-year-old Dutch woman held in Qatar for nearly three months after telling police she had been raped is released following the court ruling of a one-year suspended prison sentence. The Associated Press reports it isn't clear "[...] what sentence was given to the man she accused of rape."  ](/news/2016/06/13/a-22-year-old-dutch-woman-held-in-qatar-for-nearly-three-months-after-telling-police-she-had-been-raped-is-released-following-the-court-ruli.md) _Context: Associated Press_
10. [Israel temporarily bans all Palestinians from entering its territory until Sunday following the June 2016 Tel Aviv shooting. ](/news/2016/06/10/israel-temporarily-bans-all-palestinians-from-entering-its-territory-until-sunday-following-the-june-2016-tel-aviv-shooting.md) _Context: Palestinian_
