### [2006-10-24](/news/2006/10/24/index.md)

#  Speaker of the United States House of Representatives Dennis Hastert sits down with ethics investigators trying to determine when he and his staff learned about ex-Rep. Mark Foley's come-ons to former male pages and what they did to stop it. 




### Source:

1. [AP via San Francisco Chronicle](http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?f=/n/a/2006/10/24/national/w103834D73.DTL&feed=rss.news)

### Related:

1. [Former Speaker of the United States House of Representatives Dennis Hastert is sentenced to 15 months in prison for breaking banking laws in order to make payments to cover sexual misconduct from past decades. ](/news/2016/04/27/former-speaker-of-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-dennis-hastert-is-sentenced-to-15-months-in-prison-for-breaking-banking-laws-in.md) _Context: Dennis Hastert, U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives_
2. [ U.S. House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, who had been the favorite to replace outgoing House Speaker John Boehner, withdraws from the race. ](/news/2015/10/8/u-s-house-majority-leader-kevin-mccarthy-who-had-been-the-favorite-to-replace-outgoing-house-speaker-john-boehner-withdraws-from-the-rac.md) _Context: U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives, United States House of Representatives_
3. [Members of the Republican party in the United States House of Representatives nominate Paul Ryan of Wisconsin to replace John Boehner of Ohio as Speaker of the House. There will be a formal vote Thursday on the House floor. ](/news/2015/10/28/members-of-the-republican-party-in-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-nominate-paul-ryan-of-wisconsin-to-replace-john-boehner-of-ohi.md) _Context: U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives, United States House of Representatives_
4. [Dennis Hastert, former United States Speaker of the House of Representatives (1999-2007), pleaded guilty to a federal financial crime in a hush money case stemming from sexual misconduct allegations. The sentencing hearing is scheduled for February 29, 2016. The crime carries a sentence of up to five years in prison and $250,000 fine. Prosecutors recommend zero to six months imprisonment. ](/news/2015/10/28/dennis-hastert-former-united-states-speaker-of-the-house-of-representatives-1999a2007-pleaded-guilty-to-a-federal-financial-crime-in-a.md) _Context: Dennis Hastert, U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives_
5. [John Boehner schedules his resignation from the position of Speaker of the United States House of Representatives and from Congress for the end of October. ](/news/2015/09/25/john-boehner-schedules-his-resignation-from-the-position-of-speaker-of-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-and-from-congress-for-the.md) _Context: U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives, United States House of Representatives_
6. [Former Speaker of the United States House of Representatives Dennis Hastert is indicted for allegedly trying to evade banking reporting requirements and lying to the Federal Bureau of Investigations. ](/news/2015/05/28/former-speaker-of-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-dennis-hastert-is-indicted-for-allegedly-trying-to-evade-banking-reporting-requ.md) _Context: Dennis Hastert, U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives_
7. [The US Congress re-elects John Boehner to his third term as Speaker. ](/news/2015/01/6/the-us-congress-re-elects-john-boehner-to-his-third-term-as-speaker.md) _Context: U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives, United States House of Representatives_
8. [The Republican and Democratic party caucuses in the United States House of Representatives hold leadership elections. Nancy Pelosi of the Democrats is elected as Minority Leader when the new House sits in January with John Boehner to become Speaker of the United States House of Representatives. ](/news/2010/11/17/the-republican-and-democratic-party-caucuses-in-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-hold-leadership-elections-nancy-pelosi-of-the-de.md) _Context: U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives, United States House of Representatives_
9. [ Nancy Pelosi is elected speaker of the United States House of Representatives, and becomes the first woman to hold that post. ](/news/2007/01/4/nancy-pelosi-is-elected-speaker-of-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-and-becomes-the-first-woman-to-hold-that-post.md) _Context: U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives, United States House of Representatives_
10. [ The House Ethics Committee issued four dozen subpoenas to members of Congress and aides to discover who was aware of explicit exchanges between former representative Mark Foley and underage Congressional pages. ](/news/2006/10/5/the-house-ethics-committee-issued-four-dozen-subpoenas-to-members-of-congress-and-aides-to-discover-who-was-aware-of-explicit-exchanges-bet.md) _Context: Mark Foley, come-ons to former male pages_
