### [2017-05-7](/news/2017/05/7/index.md)

# Voters in France return to the polls for a run-off, to elect either Emmanuel Macron or Marine Le Pen as the new President of France. Exit polls indicate that the centrist Macron defeated the far-right Le Pen. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/live/world-europe-39823865)

### Related:

1. [Voting begins in territories and diplomatic missions west of Metropolitan France for the second round of the presidential election between Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen. ](/news/2017/05/6/voting-begins-in-territories-and-diplomatic-missions-west-of-metropolitan-france-for-the-second-round-of-the-presidential-election-between-e.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, French presidential election, 2017, Marine Le Pen, President of France, run-off_
2. [With polls showing a close race with Emmanuel Macron and Jean-Luc Mlenchon, Marine Le Pen of the National Front pledges to temporarily suspend all immigration, "legal and illegal", to France. ](/news/2017/04/18/with-polls-showing-a-close-race-with-emmanuel-macron-and-jean-luc-melenchon-marine-le-pen-of-the-national-front-pledges-to-temporarily-susp.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, France, French presidential election, 2017, Marine Le Pen, far-right_
3. [Candidates Marine Le Pen and Emmanuel Macron face off in a debate. ](/news/2017/05/3/candidates-marine-le-pen-and-emmanuel-macron-face-off-in-a-debate.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, French presidential election, 2017, Marine Le Pen_
4. [Jean-Francois Jalkh, who replaced current presidential finalist Marine Le Pen as leader of the National Front, steps down from this role after three days following the reemergence of his comments questioning the logistics of Holocaust extermination camps, and is replaced by Steeve Briois. ](/news/2017/04/28/jean-franassois-jalkh-who-replaced-current-presidential-finalist-marine-le-pen-as-leader-of-the-national-front-steps-down-from-this-role-af.md) _Context: French presidential election, 2017, Marine Le Pen, far-right_
5. [Voters in France go to the polls to elect a new president; Marine Le Pen and Emmanuel Macron qualify for the second round. ](/news/2017/04/23/voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-a-new-president-marine-le-pen-and-emmanuel-macron-qualify-for-the-second-round.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, Marine Le Pen, President of France_
6. [New polls show Francois Fillon and Jean-Luc Melenchon neck and neck behind the frontrunners Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen ahead of the upcoming first round of the election. ](/news/2017/04/20/new-polls-show-franassois-fillon-and-jean-luc-ma-c-lenchon-neck-and-neck-behind-the-frontrunners-emmanuel-macron-and-marine-le-pen-ahead-of-the.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, French presidential election, 2017, Marine Le Pen_
7. [The closely-watched CEVIPOF poll shows Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen clinging to a narrow lead heading into the first stage of the election, with Le Pen recently becoming embroiled in a spat with the European Commission after refusing to appear on TF1 while there remained a Flag of Europe in the background. ](/news/2017/04/19/the-closely-watched-cevipof-poll-shows-emmanuel-macron-and-marine-le-pen-clinging-to-a-narrow-lead-heading-into-the-first-stage-of-the-elect.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, French presidential election, 2017, Marine Le Pen_
8. [Former candidate Manuel Valls (PS) announces his support for Emmanuel Macron (En Marche!) rather than for his own party's nominee, Benoit Hamon. ](/news/2017/03/29/former-candidate-manuel-valls-ps-announces-his-support-for-emmanuel-macron-en-marche-rather-than-for-his-own-party-s-nominee-benoa-r-t-h.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, French presidential election, 2017, centrist_
9. [Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy resigns as leader of The Republicans party and announces his candidacy for President again. ](/news/2016/07/3/former-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-resigns-as-leader-of-the-republicans-party-and-announces-his-candidacy-for-president-again.md) _Context: France, French presidential election, 2017, President of France_
10. [With most of the votes counted, the opposition conservatives of former president Nicolas Sarkozy's party win in six of the country's 13  regions and lead in the Paris region. The ruling Socialists of President Francois Hollande's  party capture five regions. The winner in Corsica is not affiliated with a major party. France's far-right National Front (FN) fails to win a single region but did record its best showing in its history. Voter turnout was 58 percent. Definitive results are expected Monday. ](/news/2015/12/13/with-most-of-the-votes-counted-the-opposition-conservatives-of-former-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-party-win-in-six-of-the-countryas-13-r.md) _Context: France, President of France, far-right_
