### [2010-12-10](/news/2010/12/10/index.md)

# A group of 26 ex-EU leaders has urged the union to impose sanctions on Israel for continuing to build settlements on occupied Palestinian territory. 

A group of 26 former EU leaders urges Brussels to impose sanctions on Israel for continuing to build settlements on occupied Palestinian territory.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-11968304)
2. [EUobserver](http://euobserver.com/9/31477)
3. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2010/dec/10/former-eu-tougher-stance-israel)

### Related:

1. [Israel-Palestine relations: The report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council - the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union - calls on Israel to end settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, -The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/israel-palestine-relations-the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states.md) _Context: European Union, Israel_
2. [2013 North Korean nuclear test:: In reaction to North Korea's latest nuclear test the European Union will tighten sanctions against the country in the form of blocking the trade of gold and diamonds, as well as cracking down on financial ties between them. ](/news/2013/02/15/2013-north-korean-nuclear-test-in-reaction-to-north-korea-s-latest-nuclear-test-the-european-union-will-tighten-sanctions-against-the-coun.md) _Context: European Union, sanctions_
3. [Belarus expels the ambassadors from the European Union and Poland and recalls its ambassadors in Brussels and Warsaw due to the imposition of sanctions. ](/news/2012/02/28/belarus-expels-the-ambassadors-from-the-european-union-and-poland-and-recalls-its-ambassadors-in-brussels-and-warsaw-due-to-the-imposition-o.md) _Context: European Union, sanctions_
4. [Palestinian leaders express disappointment at the refusal of the Middle East Quartet &mdash; United States, United Nations, European Union and Russia &mdash; to hear their call for unilateral statehood and failure to take a strong stance on Israel's settlement construction at its February 5 meeting in Munich. ](/news/2011/02/6/palestinian-leaders-express-disappointment-at-the-refusal-of-the-middle-east-quartet-mdash-united-states-united-nations-european-union-a.md) _Context: European Union, Israel_
5. [Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erakat asks the European Union to recognize -two states (Israel and Palestine) along the 1967 borders". ](/news/2010/12/13/palestinian-negotiator-saeb-erakat-asks-the-european-union-to-recognize-two-states-israel-and-palestine-along-the-1967-borders.md) _Context: European Union, Israel_
6. [European Union foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton says that Israel must go beyond easing its blockade of Gaza and throw open its long-closed border. ](/news/2010/07/18/european-union-foreign-policy-chief-catherine-ashton-says-that-israel-must-go-beyond-easing-its-blockade-of-gaza-and-throw-open-its-long-clo.md) _Context: European Union, Israel_
7. [The United Nations, European Union and United States express their opposition to the demolition of six more Palestinian homes by Israel. ](/news/2010/07/14/the-united-nations-european-union-and-united-states-express-their-opposition-to-the-demolition-of-six-more-palestinian-homes-by-israel.md) _Context: European Union, Israel_
8. [Philip Gordon, the Obama administration's top diplomat on European affairs warns Turkey that it must demonstrate its commitment to NATO, Europe and the United States after its opposition to sanctions against Iran-s nuclear program and rhetoric against Israel after the Gaza flotilla raid. ](/news/2010/06/28/philip-gordon-the-obama-administration-s-top-diplomat-on-european-affairs-warns-turkey-that-it-must-demonstrate-its-commitment-to-nato-eur.md) _Context: European Union, Israel_
9. [Israel grants permission to United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and European Union High Representative Catherine Ashton to visit Gaza after denying permission to other international politicians. ](/news/2010/03/9/israel-grants-permission-to-united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-and-european-union-high-representative-catherine-ashton-to-visit-ga.md) _Context: European Union, Israel_
10. [Irish Minister for Foreign Affairs Micheal Martin, writing in the "International Herald Tribune", says Israel's blockade of Gaza is "inhumane and unacceptable" and calls on the European Union and other countries to request that it be ended following his visit there last week. ](/news/2010/03/5/irish-minister-for-foreign-affairs-michea-l-martin-writing-in-the-international-herald-tribune-says-israel-s-blockade-of-gaza-is-inhuma.md) _Context: European Union, Israel_
