### [2003-05-15](/news/2003/05/15/index.md)

#  The journal "Nature" reports that all species of large fish in the world's oceans have been so thoroughly overfished that just 10% of the population that there was in 1950 remains. The scientists who authored the report conclude that the world's oceans are no longer even close to their natural state. Sharks, Atlantic cod, and Pacific sardines are tapped as particularly imperilled with extinction. The scientists recommend drastic measures to reduce ocean fishing. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/science/nature/3028251.stm)
2. [Environment News](http://ens-news.com/ens/may2003/2003-05-14-03.asp)
3. [Nature](http://www.nature.com/nature/links/030515/030515-1.html)

### Related:

1. [The journal the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences publishes research from the Zoological Society of London that the cheetah population approaches extinction with only 7,100 individuals left alive in the wild as a result of a sudden crash in population. [http://www.bbc.com/news/science-environment-38415906 (BBC)], [http://www.pnas.org/content/early/2016/12/20/1611122114.abstract "(The Proceeding of the National Academy of Science)"]](/news/2016/12/27/the-journal-the-proceedings-of-the-national-academy-of-sciences-publishes-research-from-the-zoological-society-of-london-that-the-cheetah-po.md) _Context: extinction_
2. [ A research team led by an evolutionary biologist at the University of Arizona publishes a paper in "Nature" on the genetic history of HIV proving that Gaetan Dugas, the Canadian flight attendant who had been identified for years as "Patient Zero" of the AIDS epidemic in the U.S., did not spread the virus to the country. The study indicates that HIV first spread to the U.S. from the Caribbean around 1970. ](/news/2016/10/26/a-research-team-led-by-an-evolutionary-biologist-at-the-university-of-arizona-publishes-a-paper-in-nature-on-the-genetic-history-of-hiv-p.md) _Context: Nature_
3. [A study published in Nature finds the Earth's surface is warmer than it has been in about 120,000 years, and is locked into eventually hitting its hottest mark in more than 2 million years. ](/news/2016/09/26/a-study-published-in-nature-finds-the-earth-s-surface-is-warmer-than-it-has-been-in-about-120-000-years-and-is-locked-into-eventually-hitti.md) _Context: Nature_
4. [Researchers report in the journal Nature the discovery of three potentially habitable, Earth-like exoplanets orbiting TRAPPIST-1, an ultracool dwarf star 40 light-years away in the constellation Aquarius. ](/news/2016/05/2/researchers-report-in-the-journal-nature-the-discovery-of-three-potentially-habitable-earth-like-exoplanets-orbiting-trappist-1-an-ultraco.md) _Context: Nature_
5. [ An article published in "Nature" reports high levels of molecular oxygen found by the Rosetta space probe on comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko. This discovery could have implications for theories of the origin of the solar system. ](/news/2015/10/28/an-article-published-in-nature-reports-high-levels-of-molecular-oxygen-found-by-the-rosetta-space-probe-on-comet-67p-churyumov-gerasimenk.md) _Context: Nature_
6. [Research published in the journal "Nature" claims that a large portion of the lithium in the universe was produced by novae. ](/news/2015/02/19/research-published-in-the-journal-nature-claims-that-a-large-portion-of-the-lithium-in-the-universe-was-produced-by-novae.md) _Context: Nature_
7. ["Nature" publishes Penn State University findings of Ancient shells with 430,000-year-old engravings believed to be made by "Homo erectus", changing beliefs on artistic expression and tool use by ancestors of "Homo sapiens". Dutch anthropologist Eugene Dubois found the collection in Java in 1891 and Penn State discovered the markings in a museum in the city of Leiden. ](/news/2014/12/9/nature-publishes-penn-state-university-findings-of-ancient-shells-with-430-000-year-old-engravings-believed-to-be-made-by-homo-erectus.md) _Context: Nature_
8. [Scientists withdraw the January 29, 2014 claim that there is a simple way to convert normal cells into stem cells, which can be used for any part of the body. Nature had in July retracted its two previous articles after the disgraced lead researcher, Japanese Haruko Obokata, was found to have plagiarized and fabricated parts of the papers. ](/news/2014/12/19/scientists-withdraw-the-january-29-2014-claim-that-there-is-a-simple-way-to-convert-normal-cells-into-stem-cells-which-can-be-used-for-any.md) _Context: Nature_
9. ["Nature" publishes research by the University of Toronto announcing the discovery of a new class of stem cells called F-class stem cells that have the potential to be better and safer to use in medical research. ](/news/2014/12/10/nature-publishes-research-by-the-university-of-toronto-announcing-the-discovery-of-a-new-class-of-stem-cells-called-f-class-stem-cells-tha.md) _Context: Nature_
10. [An international group of researchers announce in "Nature" the creation of a digital camera that can mimic the compound eyes of insects. ](/news/2013/05/1/an-international-group-of-researchers-announce-in-nature-the-creation-of-a-digital-camera-that-can-mimic-the-compound-eyes-of-insects.md) _Context: Nature_
