### [2003-05-15](/news/2003/05/15/index.md)

#  United States federal prosecutors indict Jamal Ahmad Mohammad Al Badawi and Fahd al-Quso, "in absentia", in connection with the USS Cole bombing in Yemen on October 12, 2000.




### Related:

1. [ U.S. forces are searching for the Cole 06 attacker who escaped from prison last Friday. According to Interpol, an al-Qaida operative who had been sentenced to death for plotting the bombing of the USS "Cole" in 2000 escaped with a group of convicts from their prison last week in Sanaa, Yemen. ](/news/2006/02/9/u-s-forces-are-searching-for-the-cole-06-attacker-who-escaped-from-prison-last-friday-according-to-interpol-an-al-qaida-operative-who-ha.md) _Context: USS ''Cole'' bombing, Yemen_
2. [ Jamal al-Bedawi, who masterminded the USS "Cole" bombing, and Fawaz al-Rabeiee, who planned the 2002 attack on the French tanker "Limburg", escape from a prison in Yemen along with 22 other prisoners, 12 of whom were convicted members of Al-Qaida. ](/news/2006/02/3/jamal-al-bedawi-who-masterminded-the-uss-cole-bombing-and-fawaz-al-rabeiee-who-planned-the-2002-attack-on-the-french-tanker-limburg.md) _Context: USS ''Cole'' bombing, Yemen_
3. [ Two men, Rahim al-Nashiri and Jamal Mohammed al-Bedawi, who were found guilty of organizing the October 12, 2000, bombing of the USS "Cole", are sentenced to death by a court in Yemen. ](/news/2004/09/29/two-men-rahim-al-nashiri-and-jamal-mohammed-al-bedawi-who-were-found-guilty-of-organizing-the-october-12-2000-bombing-of-the-uss-cole.md) _Context: USS ''Cole'' bombing, Yemen_
4. [ In Norfolk, Virginia, the USS "Cole" leaves port on the destroyer's first overseas deployment since it was bombed in 2000 in Yemen's port at Aden.](/news/2003/11/29/in-norfolk-virginia-the-uss-cole-leaves-port-on-the-destroyer-s-first-overseas-deployment-since-it-was-bombed-in-2000-in-yemen-s-port-a.md) _Context: USS ''Cole'' bombing, Yemen_
5. [An American UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter on a training mission crashes off the coast of Yemen with six aboard, five of whom have been rescued. The search continues for the other U.S. service member. ](/news/2017/08/25/an-american-uh-60-black-hawk-helicopter-on-a-training-mission-crashes-off-the-coast-of-yemen-with-six-aboard-five-of-whom-have-been-rescued.md) _Context: Yemen_
6. [At least 35 people are killed in an air strike that hit a hotel near a Houthi-run checkpoint north of the Yemeni capital Sanaa. ](/news/2017/08/23/at-least-35-people-are-killed-in-an-air-strike-that-hit-a-hotel-near-a-houthi-run-checkpoint-north-of-the-yemeni-capital-sanaa.md) _Context: Yemen_
7. [At least 56 African migrants drown in the Red Sea while traveling from the Horn of Africa to Yemen. Human traffickers had forced 300 people aboard two boats into the sea. ](/news/2017/08/11/at-least-56-african-migrants-drown-in-the-red-sea-while-traveling-from-the-horn-of-africa-to-yemen-human-traffickers-had-forced-300-people.md) _Context: Yemen_
8. [The United Nations International Organization for Migration reports, over the last two days in two incidents, smugglers have thrown 280 migrants from Ethiopia and other Horn of Africa countries into the sea off the coast of Yemen. More than 50 refugees have drowned with over 30 people still missing. ](/news/2017/08/10/the-united-nations-international-organization-for-migration-reports-over-the-last-two-days-in-two-incidents-smugglers-have-thrown-280-migr.md) _Context: Yemen_
9. [Thousands of supporters of Yemen's secessionists rally in the southern city of Aden, backing a new group led by former head of Aden Governorate Aidarus al-Zoubaidi that advocates for autonomy of the country's south. ](/news/2017/07/7/thousands-of-supporters-of-yemen-s-secessionists-rally-in-the-southern-city-of-aden-backing-a-new-group-led-by-former-head-of-aden-governor.md) _Context: Yemen_
10. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Yemen_
