### [2015-04-22](/news/2015/04/22/index.md)

# The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights estimates that Syrian government air strikes on areas controlled by Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant kills 32 people. The air strikes hit a hospital in Dayr Hafir killing at least 21 people. 

Get the latest international news and world events from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [AP via ABC News America](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/syria-activists-11-killed-government-airstrikes-30500588)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Government forces enter Raqqa province, the joint capital of Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant. It is one of three simultaneous attacks in Iraq and Syria.  ](/news/2016/06/4/syrian-government-forces-enter-raqqa-province-the-joint-capital-of-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-it-is-one-of-three-simultaneous-at.md) _Context: ISIL, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Government_
2. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights claims that over 60,000 people have died in Syrian government jails during the five year civil war. ](/news/2016/05/22/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-claims-that-over-60-000-people-have-died-in-syrian-government-jails-during-the-five-year-civil-war.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Government, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
3. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights claims that the government has used barrel bombs resulting in the deaths of 21 people in the rebel held town of Bosra in the Daraa Governorate. ](/news/2015/09/17/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-claims-that-the-government-has-used-barrel-bombs-resulting-in-the-deaths-of-21-people-in-the-rebel-h.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Government, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
4. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights claims that ISIL has kidnapped at least 230 people, including at least 60 Christians, from Al-Qaryatayn in the Homs Governorate. ](/news/2015/08/7/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-claims-that-isil-has-kidnapped-at-least-230-people-including-at-least-60-christians-from-al-qaryat.md) _Context: ISIL, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
5. [A rocket hits and injures several people at the Damascus International Fair. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says five people have died. ](/news/2017/08/20/a-rocket-hits-and-injures-several-people-at-the-damascus-international-fair-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-five-people-have-d.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
6. [A Syrian Army commando unit backed by Russian warplanes and helicopters kills 25 ISIL militants in Central Syria, in the northeast of the Homs Governorate. ](/news/2017/08/13/a-syrian-army-commando-unit-backed-by-russian-warplanes-and-helicopters-kills-25-isil-militants-in-central-syria-in-the-northeast-of-the-ho.md) _Context: ISIL, Syrian Civil War_
7. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says ISIL leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is confirmed dead, according to information from tribal leaders close to ISIL in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. In June, Russia said it had "most likely" killed al-Baghdadi and several other high profile ISIL leaders in an airstrike but provided no evidence. ](/news/2017/07/11/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-isil-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-is-confirmed-dead-according-to-information-from-tribal-leader.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
8. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
9. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a large explosion near Damascus International Airport followed by a fire. The Syrian government says Israel struck the military site with several missiles. Israeli Intelligence Minister Yisrael Katz states that the strike "corresponds completely with Israel's policy". ](/news/2017/04/27/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-large-explosion-near-damascus-international-airport-followed-by-a-fire-the-syrian-governm.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
10. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, multiple suspected U.S.-led coalition air raids kill at least 23 civilians in the village of al-Matab in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/03/9/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-multiple-suspected-u-s-led-coalition-air-raids-kill-at-least-23-civilians-in-the-vill.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
