### [2015-04-22](/news/2015/04/22/index.md)

# The storm in Australia's New South Wales is declared a "catastrophe" with four  deaths, heavy flooding and disruption of transport to the state's largest cities Sydney and Newcastle. 

The body of an 86-year-old woman has been recovered from the floodwaters into which her car was swept near Maitland on Wednesday morning. 


### Source:

1. [WA Today](http://www.watoday.com.au/nsw/nsw-storm-body-of-woman-recovered-after-car-swept-away-in-maitland-20150422-1mr5ew.html)
2. [WA Today](http://www.watoday.com.au/nsw/sydney-storm-12-areas-declared-natural-disaster-zones-20150422-1mr4up.html)
3. [The Australian](http://www.theaustralian.com.au/news/nation/sydney-storms-wild-winds-rain-hit-nsw-for-third-day/story-e6frg6nf-1227314559837)

### Related:

1. [  New South Wales facing evacuations and a rising flood threat as heavy rain and high winds hit Sydney and Newcastle. Parts of Victoria and Tasmania are braced for wild weather. ](/news/2016/06/5/new-south-wales-facing-evacuations-and-a-rising-flood-threat-as-heavy-rain-and-high-winds-hit-sydney-and-newcastle-parts-of-victoria-and.md) _Context: Australian east coast low, New South Wales, Newcastle, Sydney_
2. [The search continues for three missing people in the Australian states of New South Wales and Tasmania. Four deaths have so far been confirmed in the Australian Capital Territory, Tasmania and NSW. ](/news/2016/06/7/the-search-continues-for-three-missing-people-in-the-australian-states-of-new-south-wales-and-tasmania-four-deaths-have-so-far-been-confirm.md) _Context: Australia, Australian east coast low, New South Wales_
3. [Australian police in Sydney arrest two men  who, police say, were planning attacks on locations such as  naval bases and police headquarters. New South Wales Deputy Police Commissioner  Catherine Burn said Wednesday's activity brings the number of people arrested in connection with last year's Operation Appleby to 13. ](/news/2015/12/23/australian-police-in-sydney-arrest-two-men-who-police-say-were-planning-attacks-on-locations-such-as-naval-bases-and-police-headquarters.md) _Context: Australia, New South Wales, Sydney_
4. [ The cities of Canberra, Sydney and Brisbane in Australia are covered by a dust storm, the worst in at least 70 years. Aviation in New South Wales is disrupted. ](/news/2009/09/23/the-cities-of-canberra-sydney-and-brisbane-in-australia-are-covered-by-a-dust-storm-the-worst-in-at-least-70-years-aviation-in-new-south.md) _Context: Australia, New South Wales, Sydney_
5. [ New South Wales in Australia is battered with severe storms, killing at least nine people and causing major flooding in Newcastle, the Hunter region, and the Central Coast. The coal freighter ''Pasha Bulker'' is forced to run aground on Nobby's Beach, a major Newcastle beach. ](/news/2007/06/8/new-south-wales-in-australia-is-battered-with-severe-storms-killing-at-least-nine-people-and-causing-major-flooding-in-newcastle-the-hunt.md) _Context: Australia, New South Wales, Newcastle_
6. [The death toll from Cyclone Debbie and the associated flooding in the Australian states of New South Wales and Queensland rises to five people. ](/news/2017/04/2/the-death-toll-from-cyclone-debbie-and-the-associated-flooding-in-the-australian-states-of-new-south-wales-and-queensland-rises-to-five-peop.md) _Context: Australia, New South Wales_
7. [The New South Wales Rural Fire Service issues an emergency warning for a bush fire located to the east of Dunedoo in New South Wales, Australia. The warning comes amidst "unprecedented" fire conditions across the region, deemed to be worse than the conditions precipitating the 2009 Black Saturday bushfires in Victoria. ](/news/2017/02/12/the-new-south-wales-rural-fire-service-issues-an-emergency-warning-for-a-bush-fire-located-to-the-east-of-dunedoo-in-new-south-wales-austra.md) _Context: Australia, New South Wales_
8. [Three bodies have been discovered in flood waters: two in the state of New South Wales and one in the Australian Capital Territory. Two people are missing in Tasmania. ](/news/2016/06/6/three-bodies-have-been-discovered-in-flood-waters-two-in-the-state-of-new-south-wales-and-one-in-the-australian-capital-territory-two-peop.md) _Context: Australian east coast low, New South Wales_
9. [Protesters on Norfolk Island, an external territory of Australia, occupy the former Legislative Assembly to protest Australia's termination of the island's autonomy. In July, Norfolk Island is set to become part of the State of New South Wales. ](/news/2016/04/29/protesters-on-norfolk-island-an-external-territory-of-australia-occupy-the-former-legislative-assembly-to-protest-australia-s-termination.md) _Context: Australia, New South Wales_
10. [A gunman, who killed one man, injured two others, and was holding three people hostage, is found dead  when an armed tactical response police team storms a building in the Ingleburn industrial area  in suburban Sydney, Australia. All  hostages were unharmed. ](/news/2016/03/7/a-gunman-who-killed-one-man-injured-two-others-and-was-holding-three-people-hostage-is-found-dead-when-an-armed-tactical-response-polic.md) _Context: Australia, Sydney_
