### [2015-11-4](/news/2015/11/4/index.md)

# An Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) meeting in Malaysia fails to agree on a joint communique following disagreement between China and other nations over the South China Sea. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/A/AS_SOUTHEAST_ASIA_CHINA?SITE=AP&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT)

### Related:

1. ["Philippines v. China": Cambodia and Laos cause discord at the Association of Southeast Asian Nations meeting after they block a joint statement by the group regarding the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/07/23/philippines-v-china-cambodia-and-laos-cause-discord-at-the-association-of-southeast-asian-nations-meeting-after-they-block-a-joint-state.md) _Context: Association of Southeast Asian Nations, South China Sea_
2. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea, China-United States relations: Malaysia-United States relations: U.S. Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter and his counterpart from Malaysia, Hishammuddin Hussein, will visit the USS Theodore Roosevelt (CVN-71) as it cruises in the South China Sea, this in the wake of China-s dismay over a U.S. Navy ship-s sailing in the vicinity of artificial islands constructed by China in the Spratly Islands. ](/news/2015/11/4/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-china-united-states-relations-malaysia-united-states-relations-u-s-secretary-of-defense.md) _Context: Malaysia, South China Sea_
3. ["Philippines v. China": The Philippines asks the International Court of Arbitration at The Hague to invalidate China's claims to virtually all of the South China Sea. The hearing was attended by observers from Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, Thailand, and Vietnam. ](/news/2015/07/9/philippines-v-china-the-philippines-asks-the-international-court-of-arbitration-at-the-hague-to-invalidate-china-s-claims-to-virtually-a.md) _Context: Malaysia, South China Sea_
4. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea: During one of the meetings of the 50th Association of Southeast Asian Nations Regional Forum at Manila, the foreign ministers of the member nations issued a communique "emphasizing the importance of non-militarisation and self-restraint," ending an impasse regarding the disputes on the South China Sea. ](/news/2017/08/6/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-during-one-of-the-meetings-of-the-50th-association-of-southeast-asian-nations-regional-forum-at.md) _Context: Association of Southeast Asian Nations_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.: Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey: Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.: 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.: United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.: Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.: Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.: Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-: ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Malaysia_
6. [South China Sea disputes: Indonesia renames part of the South China Sea as "North Natuna Sea," angering China. ](/news/2017/07/15/south-china-sea-disputes-indonesia-renames-part-of-the-south-china-sea-as-north-natuna-sea-angering-china.md) _Context: South China Sea_
7. [Piracy in the Sulu Sea: Indonesia, Malaysia and the Philippines begin joint patrols in the pirate havens within the Celebes and Sulu Seas. ](/news/2017/06/19/piracy-in-the-sulu-sea-indonesia-malaysia-and-the-philippines-begin-joint-patrols-in-the-pirate-havens-within-the-celebes-and-sulu-seas.md) _Context: Malaysia_
8. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea: The USS Dewey sails within 12 nautical miles of the disputed Mischief Reef in the South China Sea. ](/news/2017/05/25/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-the-uss-dewey-sails-within-12-nautical-miles-of-the-disputed-mischief-reef-in-the-south-china-s.md) _Context: South China Sea_
9. [Malaysia-North Korea relations: North Korea temporarily bans all Malaysian nationals (estimated to be at least 11 people including embassy employees) from leaving the country amid a growing dispute between the two countries over the death of Kim Jong-nam, the half-brother of Kim Jong-un. Malaysian official Khairy Jamaluddin calls the move "tantamount to taking hostages". ](/news/2017/03/7/malaysia-north-korea-relations-north-korea-temporarily-bans-all-malaysian-nationals-estimated-to-be-at-least-11-people-including-embassy.md) _Context: Malaysia_
10. [Malaysia-North Korea relations: Malaysia expels Kang Chol, North Korea's ambassador, after he criticised the former's investigation into the death of Kim Jong-nam. ](/news/2017/03/4/malaysia-north-korea-relations-malaysia-expels-kang-chol-north-korea-s-ambassador-after-he-criticised-the-former-s-investigation-into-t.md) _Context: Malaysia_
