### [2015-11-4](/news/2015/11/4/index.md)

# European Union president Donald Tusk and Swedish Prime Minister Stefan Lofven, in a joint news conference, announce Sweden will ask to transfer some migrants to other European countries under an EU relocation plan. Sweden has taken the highest number of asylum-seekers per capita in the 28-member bloc. 

UPDATED: As the Nordic nation continues to take in record numbers of refugees, Sweden is sending a formal request to the European Commission asking for some of the arriving asylum seekers to be distributed to other EU countries.


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/ba9be5b6235c42f3a2cb222e58f81a9b/latest-1st-group-relocated-greece-luxembourg)
2. [The Local](http://www.thelocal.se/20151104/sweden-steps-up-push-for-eu-refugee-help)

### Related:

1. [German Chancellor Angela Merkel,  European Council President Donald Tusk, and European Commission Vice-President Frans Timmermans meet with Syrian refugees at a camp in the southeastern Turkish town of Nizip prior to talks with a delegation led by Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu. Davutoglu stresses the importance of implementation of European Union visa liberalization for Turkish citizens in assuring the success of Europe's  migrant readmission agreement with his country. Tusk announces that the EU will spend 1 billion euros ($1.1 billion) this summer on projects to improve the lives of Syrian migrants. ](/news/2016/04/23/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-european-council-president-donald-tusk-and-european-commission-vice-president-frans-timmermans-meet-with.md) _Context: Donald Tusk, European migrant crisis, President of the European Council_
2. [President of the European Council Donald Tusk states that the UK could begin its formal process of withdrawing from the European Union early next year, after a meeting with Prime Minister Theresa May last week. ](/news/2016/09/17/president-of-the-european-council-donald-tusk-states-that-the-uk-could-begin-its-formal-process-of-withdrawing-from-the-european-union-early.md) _Context: Donald Tusk, President of the European Council_
3. [Sweden will introduce tighter border controls and asylum rules in a bid to reduce the number of asylum seekers entering the country. Sweden expects up to 190,000 asylum seekers to reach its borders this year and says its reception system cannot cope. "The situation is untenable", according to Swedish prime minister Stefan Lofven who told reporters, "to put it bluntly, more people will have to seek asylum and get protection in other European countries". ](/news/2015/11/24/sweden-will-introduce-tighter-border-controls-and-asylum-rules-in-a-bid-to-reduce-the-number-of-asylum-seekers-entering-the-country-sweden.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, prime minister_
4. [Swedish police increase checks of asylum facilities in the country's southwest amid reports refugees are leaving to avoid being registered by immigration officials. ](/news/2015/11/15/swedish-police-increase-checks-of-asylum-facilities-in-the-country-s-southwest-amid-reports-refugees-are-leaving-to-avoid-being-registered-b.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, immigration officials_
5. [Former Polish prime minister Donald Tusk becomes the second full-time President of the European Union. ](/news/2014/12/1/former-polish-prime-minister-donald-tusk-becomes-the-second-full-time-president-of-the-european-union.md) _Context: Donald Tusk, President of the European Council_
6. [Donald Tusk, the Prime Minister of Poland, is chosen as the President of the European Council, while Federica Mogherini is chosen as the High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy. ](/news/2014/08/30/donald-tusk-the-prime-minister-of-poland-is-chosen-as-the-president-of-the-european-council-while-federica-mogherini-is-chosen-as-the-hig.md) _Context: Donald Tusk, President of the European Council_
7. [The Italian Coast Guard reports that at least 20 migrants are killed when their 500-passenger boat capsizes in the  Mediterranean Sea off Libya's coast. About 1,700 people have been rescued in 15 operations since Tuesday. ](/news/2017/05/24/the-italian-coast-guard-reports-that-at-least-20-migrants-are-killed-when-their-500-passenger-boat-capsizes-in-the-mediterranean-sea-off-li.md) _Context: European migrant crisis_
8. [An Italian prosecutor says there are "telephone calls" between people smugglers in Libya and some non-governmental organizations. Frontex, the European Border and Coast Guard Agency, says the practices amount to a "taxi service". One NGO says "more would die" if they were not there. ](/news/2017/04/23/an-italian-prosecutor-says-there-are-telephone-calls-between-people-smugglers-in-libya-and-some-non-governmental-organizations-frontex-t.md) _Context: European migrant crisis_
9. [More than 2,000 migrants are rescued from the Mediterranean Sea off the coast of Libya. ](/news/2017/04/14/more-than-2-000-migrants-are-rescued-from-the-mediterranean-sea-off-the-coast-of-libya.md) _Context: European migrant crisis_
10. [A boat carrying migrants sinks off the coast of Libya, with 97 people reported missing. 23 others were rescued by the Libyan coast guard. ](/news/2017/04/13/a-boat-carrying-migrants-sinks-off-the-coast-of-libya-with-97-people-reported-missing-23-others-were-rescued-by-the-libyan-coast-guard.md) _Context: European migrant crisis_
