### [2015-11-4](/news/2015/11/4/index.md)

# Flights between the United Kingdom and the Egyptian city of Sharm el-Sheikh are suspended due to concerns of the British government that the crash was caused by an "explosive device". 

Egypt plane crash investigators &quot;90% sure&quot; the explosion heard on the black box recording of the Russian flight was a bomb, a member of the investigation team told Reuters. A memorial service for the 224 victims of the crash was be held in St Petersburg today. 


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/5a37254fd9734557bc5382e4f8664638n/latest-33-victims-plane-crash-egypt-identified)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2015/11/04/africa/russian-plane-crash-egypt-sinai/)
3. [ITV](http://www.itv.com/news/story/2015-11-04/egypt-crash-flights-from-sharm-el-sheikh-to-uk-delayed-over-bomb-fears/)

### Related:

1. [Russia has ordered the suspension of all flights to Egypt following indications that the crash near Sharm el-Sheikh was caused by a bomb.](/news/2015/11/6/russia-has-ordered-the-suspension-of-all-flights-to-egypt-following-indications-that-the-crash-near-sharm-el-sheikh-was-caused-by-a-bomb.md) _Context: Egypt, Kogalymavia Flight 9268, Sharm el-Sheikh_
2. [A Russian Kogalymavia Airbus A-321 airliner crashes in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula with 224 passengers on board travelling from Sharm el-Sheikh to St Petersburg. ](/news/2015/10/31/a-russian-kogalymavia-airbus-a-321-airliner-crashes-in-egypt-s-sinai-peninsula-with-224-passengers-on-board-travelling-from-sharm-el-sheikh.md) _Context: Egypt, Kogalymavia Flight 9268, Sharm el-Sheikh_
3. [A petition, launched Sunday to cancel U.S. President Donald Trump's state visit to the United Kingdom later this year, tops 1 million signatures, passing the threshold for British Parliament debate. A British government spokesman says the state visit is going ahead as planned. ](/news/2017/01/30/a-petition-launched-sunday-to-cancel-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-state-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-later-this-year-tops-1-million-signat.md) _Context: 10 Downing Street, United Kingdom_
4. [On January 18, 2016, the British Parliament will debate a petition, signed by more than 560,000 people, calling for the Home Secretary to ban United States Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump from entering the United Kingdom because of 'hate speech' that is unacceptable behavior, non-conducive to the public good. The conclusion reached by the lawmakers will not be binding on the UK government. ](/news/2016/01/5/on-january-18-2016-the-british-parliament-will-debate-a-petition-signed-by-more-than-560-000-people-calling-for-the-home-secretary-to-ba.md) _Context: 10 Downing Street, United Kingdom_
5. [Tourism bookings in Egypt's main Red Sea resort of Sharm el-Sheikh plunge in the wake of the plane crash with some 80% of reservations cancelled and at least 40% of the tourists leaving the resort since the crash. ](/news/2015/11/11/tourism-bookings-in-egyptas-main-red-sea-resort-of-sharm-el-sheikh-plunge-in-the-wake-of-the-plane-crash-with-some-80-of-reservations-can.md) _Context: Egypt, Sharm el-Sheikh_
6. [Saudi Arabian ambassador to the United Kingdom Prince Mohammed bin Nawaf bin Abdulaziz, in an op-ed piece in the "The Daily Telegraph", warns of "potentially serious repercussions" for the two countries' relationship unless a more respectful discourse developed. At issue is London's withdrawal from a GBP5.9m (US$9.1m) prison deal with Saudi Arabia which has been linked to London's concerns about a death penalty case and a case involving Karl Andree, a 74-year-old Briton who faces 350 lashes. Today, the Saudi Supreme Court confirmed Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr's death sentence. ](/news/2015/10/26/saudi-arabian-ambassador-to-the-united-kingdom-prince-mohammed-bin-nawaf-bin-abdulaziz-in-an-op-ed-piece-in-the-the-daily-telegraph-warn.md) _Context: 10 Downing Street, United Kingdom_
7. [The United Kingdom's House of Commons votes overwhelmingly in favour of government legislation to introduce same-sex marriages. ](/news/2013/02/5/the-united-kingdom-s-house-of-commons-votes-overwhelmingly-in-favour-of-government-legislation-to-introduce-same-sex-marriages.md) _Context: 10 Downing Street, United Kingdom_
8. [Muslim cleric Abu Qatada will be released on bail after winning an appeal against deportation from the United Kingdom to Jordan. The UK government says it will appeal against the ruling. ](/news/2012/11/12/muslim-cleric-abu-qatada-will-be-released-on-bail-after-winning-an-appeal-against-deportation-from-the-united-kingdom-to-jordan-the-uk-gove.md) _Context: 10 Downing Street, United Kingdom_
9. [Queues form at petrol stations across the United Kingdom after government ministers urged motorists to top up their fuel tanks ahead of a possible strike by fuel tanker drivers. ](/news/2012/03/29/queues-form-at-petrol-stations-across-the-united-kingdom-after-government-ministers-urged-motorists-to-top-up-their-fuel-tanks-ahead-of-a-po.md) _Context: 10 Downing Street, United Kingdom_
10. [The Government of the United Kingdom expels Libyan diplomats loyal to Muammar Gaddafi from the United Kingdom and recognises the National Transitional Council. ](/news/2011/07/27/the-government-of-the-united-kingdom-expels-libyan-diplomats-loyal-to-muammar-gaddafi-from-the-united-kingdom-and-recognises-the-national-tr.md) _Context: 10 Downing Street, United Kingdom_
