### [2015-11-4](/news/2015/11/4/index.md)

# The United States State Department formally denies Calgary-based TransCanada Corporation's request, made Monday, to pause the review of the proposed Keystone XL oil pipeline. "Reuters" states this is expected to lead to the project's rejection by the Obama administration. 

The Obama administration said Wednesday it is continuing a review of the proposed Keystone XL oil pipeline, despite a request by the project&apos;s developer to suspend the review.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''Chicago Tribune](http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/nationworld/ct-keystone-xl-pipeline-20151104-story.html)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/11/05/us-transcanada-keystone-state-idUSKCN0ST2VX20151105#gXh4FQJj1sYTyrLK.97)

### Related:

1. [TransCanada Corp asks the United States Department of State to suspend its review of the Keystone XL pipeline while it negotiates with the US state of Nebraska about the route. If granted, the delay (according to Reuters) would almost certainly mean the decision on the project will be made by a future president. ](/news/2015/11/2/transcanada-corp-asks-the-united-states-department-of-state-to-suspend-its-review-of-the-keystone-xl-pipeline-while-it-negotiates-with-the-u.md) _Context: Reuters, State Department, TransCanada_
2. [The United States State Department orders Russia to close the Consulate-General in San Francisco and two other buildings by September 2, 2017, invoking "parity" over a Russian measure in July. ](/news/2017/08/31/the-united-states-state-department-orders-russia-to-close-the-consulate-general-in-san-francisco-and-two-other-buildings-by-september-2-201.md) _Context: State Department, U.S._
3. [United States State Department blocks the sale of firearms to the Philippines due to concerns of human rights violations. ](/news/2016/11/2/united-states-state-department-blocks-the-sale-of-firearms-to-the-philippines-due-to-concerns-of-human-rights-violations.md) _Context: State Department, U.S._
4. [Reuters reports the United States and its European allies have notified the UN that Iran's launching of nuclear-capable missiles violated United Nations Security Council resolution 2231 which endorsed the Iran deal, i.e., the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), last year. ](/news/2016/03/29/reuters-reports-the-united-states-and-its-european-allies-have-notified-the-un-that-iran-s-launching-of-nuclear-capable-missiles-violated-un.md) _Context: Reuters, U.S._
5. [TransCanada, the firm that unsuccessfully applied for cross-border permission to build the Keystone XL pipeline, files a lawsuit against the United States alleging that the refusal of permission violated the North American Free Trade Agreement. ](/news/2016/01/6/transcanada-the-firm-that-unsuccessfully-applied-for-cross-border-permission-to-build-the-keystone-xl-pipeline-files-a-lawsuit-against-the.md) _Context: TransCanada, U.S._
6. [United States Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson says the Obama administration will announce a new terror alert system "in the coming days," that will better inform the public about threats to the United States. This will be the third terror alert system put in place since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks. ](/news/2015/12/7/united-states-homeland-security-secretary-jeh-johnson-says-the-obama-administration-will-announce-a-new-terror-alert-system-in-the-coming-d.md) _Context: U.S., previous administration_
7. [U.S. President Barack Obama announces that the State Department has rejected TransCanada's application to complete the Keystone XL pipeline. ](/news/2015/11/6/u-s-president-barack-obama-announces-that-the-state-department-has-rejected-transcanada-s-application-to-complete-the-keystone-xl-pipeline.md) _Context: State Department, TransCanada_
8. ["Reuters" reports the Obama Administration will be opening new screening centers for Syrian refugees in Iraq and Lebanon to speed up the process for getting vetted individuals to the United States. ](/news/2015/11/6/reuters-reports-the-obama-administration-will-be-opening-new-screening-centers-for-syrian-refugees-in-iraq-and-lebanon-to-speed-up-the-pro.md) _Context: Reuters, previous administration_
9. [Wikileaks releases U.S. Central Intelligence Agency director John O. Brennan's personal information after the top spy's personal email account was allegedly hacked by a 13-year-old and information sent to Wikileaks. All of the documents predate Brennan's time in the Obama administration and reveal no classified data. Among the information released are Social Security numbers, an incomplete questionnaire for security clearance, and addresses of his family and associates. ](/news/2015/10/21/wikileaks-releases-u-s-central-intelligence-agency-director-john-o-brennan-s-personal-information-after-the-top-spy-s-personal-email-accou.md) _Context: U.S., previous administration_
10. [The United States Department of State evacuates staff from the United States Embassy in Yemen due to an al-Qaida threat. ](/news/2013/08/6/the-united-states-department-of-state-evacuates-staff-from-the-united-states-embassy-in-yemen-due-to-an-al-qaida-threat.md) _Context: State Department, U.S._
