### [2015-11-4](/news/2015/11/4/index.md)

# The United States says that last month's airstrikes in Kunduz hit three locations, mistakenly including the Medecins Sans Frontieres  (Doctors Without Borders) (MSF) hospital  where at least 30 were killed.  Afghan commanders, whose forces were actively engaged  with the Taliban, requested the attacks. ''The Washington Post'' reports a warehouse and a mansion in two densely populated residential areas were "pulverized" without loss of civilian lives.  According to residents, earlier their neighborhoods had  been conflict zones, but no militants were there the time of the attacks. "Together, the three attacks raise questions about the quality and reliability of the intelligence that Afghan security forces are providing to their American partners, as well as U.S. decisions to act on that intelligence," writes the Post. 

Doctors Without Borders held memorials around the globe.


### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo News](https://en-maktoob.news.yahoo.com/msf-staff-honour-colleagues-killed-us-raid-kunduz-154230621.html)
2. [DW Akademie](http://www.dw.com/en/doctors-without-borders-demands-justice-over-kunduz-airstrike/a-18824819)
3. [The Hill](http://thehill.com/policy/defense/258970-doctors-without-borders-marks-month-since-hospital-bombing-by-us)
4. [Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/asia_pacific/us-airstrikes-in-kunduz-destroyed-more-than-a-hospital/2015/11/04/99ef78ff-468a-4113-ae05-086c3450f065_story.html?wpmm=1&wpisrc=nl_evening)

### Related:

1. [According to the United States Department of Defense, an airstrike that hit a hospital in Kunduz, Afghanistan, last October did not amount to a war crime because the airstrike was "unintentional" and that those involved would face suspension but not criminal charges. In response to the briefing, a president of the organization which operated the hospital described it as "an admission of an uncontrolled military operation in a densely populated urban area, during which US forces failed to follow the basic laws of war." ](/news/2016/04/30/according-to-the-united-states-department-of-defense-an-airstrike-that-hit-a-hospital-in-kunduz-afghanistan-last-october-did-not-amount-t.md) _Context: Defense Department, Kunduz hospital airstrike, Medecins Sans Frontieres_
2. [The United Nations mission in Afghanistan  reports 289 civilians were killed  (''301 with MSF update'')  and 559  injured during fighting in Kunduz between Taliban militants and Afghan National Security Forces in September and October. The U.N. says these numbers include casualties from the friendly-fire attack on the Doctors Without Borders hospital and noted the totals were likely to rise as more information becomes available. ](/news/2015/12/12/the-united-nations-mission-in-afghanistan-reports-289-civilians-were-killed-301-with-msf-update-and-559-injured-during-fighting-in.md) _Context: Kunduz, Medecins Sans Frontieres, Taliban_
3. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Afghanistan's acting defense minister has stated that the Medecins Sans Frontieres hospital in Kunduz bombed on 3 October by U.S. forces was being used as a safe haven by insurgents. MSF has repeatedly denied the allegation, stating "Every staff member in Kunduz working for MSF has repeatedly reported to us that there were no armed people in the hospital at the time of the bombing". ](/news/2015/10/19/war-in-afghanistan-2015apresent-afghanistanas-acting-defense-minister-has-stated-that-the-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-hospital-in-kund.md) _Context: Kunduz, Kunduz hospital airstrike, Medecins Sans Frontieres_
4. [The U.S. Department of Defense will make payments to families of victims of last week's  U.S. airstrike that struck a Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) hospital in the Afghan city of Kunduz. At least 22 people were killed including 12 staff members and 10 patients, including three children. MSF says 33 people are still missing and presumed to have died in the fire. ](/news/2015/10/10/the-u-s-department-of-defense-will-make-payments-to-families-of-victims-of-last-week-s-u-s-airstrike-that-struck-a-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia.md) _Context: Defense Department, Kunduz, Medecins Sans Frontieres_
5. [The U.S.-led coalition dispatches American troops to Kunduz to help Afghan forces combat Taliban militants. ](/news/2015/09/30/the-u-s-led-coalition-dispatches-american-troops-to-kunduz-to-help-afghan-forces-combat-taliban-militants.md) _Context: Afghan National Army, Kunduz, Taliban_
6. [The Afghan Minister of Defense, Abdullah Habibi and the Chief of Staff of the Afghan National Army, Qadam Shah Shahim, resign after a Taliban attack on Camp Shaheen near Mazar-i-Sharif that claimed over 140 lives. ](/news/2017/04/24/the-afghan-minister-of-defense-abdullah-habibi-and-the-chief-of-staff-of-the-afghan-national-army-qadam-shah-shahim-resign-after-a-taliba.md) _Context: Afghan National Army, Taliban_
7. [Taliban insurgents attack an Afghan military base in Mazar-e-Sharif, Balkh Province, killing more than 140 soldiers. It is said to be the deadliest attack of its kind ](/news/2017/04/21/taliban-insurgents-attack-an-afghan-military-base-in-mazar-e-sharif-balkh-province-killing-more-than-140-soldiers-it-is-said-to-be-the-de.md) _Context: Afghan National Army, Taliban_
8. [The Taliban launches an offensive entering the city of Kunduz which they briefly captured last year. ](/news/2016/10/3/the-taliban-launches-an-offensive-entering-the-city-of-kunduz-which-they-briefly-captured-last-year.md) _Context: Kunduz, Taliban_
9. [  Suspect Taliban militants kill nine and kidnap 170 in an attack on three passenger buses in Kunduz, Afghanistan. ](/news/2016/05/31/suspect-taliban-militants-kill-nine-and-kidnap-170-in-an-attack-on-three-passenger-buses-in-kunduz-afghanistan.md) _Context: Kunduz, Taliban_
10. [Heavy fighting continues in the north of Afghanistan as Taliban fighters intensify their attacks in several districts around Kunduz in their bid to retake the city. According to a police chief, militants overnight attacked several police checkpoints in the southwest outskirts of the city while government forces repelled a major attack to the east of Kunduz. ](/news/2016/04/17/heavy-fighting-continues-in-the-north-of-afghanistan-as-taliban-fighters-intensify-their-attacks-in-several-districts-around-kunduz-in-their.md) _Context: Kunduz, Taliban_
