### [2015-11-4](/news/2015/11/4/index.md)

# The Mexican Supreme Court, in a 4-1 decision, rules that people have the right to grow and distribute marijuana for their personal use. The decision challenges the country's current substance abuse laws. "Fox News Latino" and "The New York Times" point out the ruling only covers the plaintiffs in one case, a group that wants to form a "Pot Club." A precedent will be established if the court approves five similar petitions. 

The Mexican Supreme Court declared Wednesday that people should have the right to grow and distribute marijuana for their personal use, effectively opening the door to legalizing marijuana.


### Source:

1. [Fox News Latino](http://latino.foxnews.com/latino/news/2015/11/04/mexican-supreme-court-opens-door-to-recreational-marijuana-use-with-new-ruling/)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/11/04/us-mexico-drugs-idUSKCN0ST2TY20151104)
2. [Cover Image](http://a57.foxnews.com/images.foxnews.com/content/fox-news/world/2015/11/04/mexican-supreme-court-opens-door-to-recreational-marijuana-use-with-new-ruling/_jcr_content/par/featured-media/media-0.img.jpg/0/0/1480708656465.jpg?ve=1)

### Related:

1. [Tropical storm Harvey (hurricane earlier this month) makes its second landfall, this time in the U.S. state of Louisiana. "The New York Times" reports local officials say the death toll since last Friday is now 38. Moving northeast, Harvey is expected to gradually weaken to a tropical depression by tonight. ](/news/2017/08/30/tropical-storm-harvey-hurricane-earlier-this-month-makes-its-second-landfall-this-time-in-the-u-s-state-of-louisiana-the-new-york-time.md) _Context: The New York Times_
2. [British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to "The New York Times". British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connection-with-monday-s-manchester-bombing-attack-for-most-of-the-day.md) _Context: The New York Times_
3. [Israel changes its law regarding marijuana use. Instead of facing criminal charges, first-time offenders who smoke marijuana in public places will only receive a fine. ](/news/2017/03/5/israel-changes-its-law-regarding-marijuana-use-instead-of-facing-criminal-charges-first-time-offenders-who-smoke-marijuana-in-public-place.md) _Context: marijuana_
4. [The Trump White House bars "The New York Times", CNN, the "Los Angeles Times", the "New York Daily News", "The Hill", the "Daily Mail", BBC, Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as Breitbart News, One America News Network, and "The Washington Times". Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News, "The Wall Street Journal", Bloomberg News, and Fox News. "Time" magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-mail-bbc.md) _Context: The New York Times_
5. [The Philippines cabinet of Rodrigo Duterte, through former journalist Martin Andanar, criticizes the Western media's coverage of the Philippine Drug War, particularly that of "The New York Times", and urges them to cover the purge more effectively. ](/news/2016/12/14/the-philippines-cabinet-of-rodrigo-duterte-through-former-journalist-martin-andanar-criticizes-the-western-media-s-coverage-of-the-philipp.md) _Context: The New York Times_
6. ["The New York Times" reports its Moscow bureau was targeted this month by hackers, believed to be Russian. While there is no evidence that the hackers were successful, the FBI is investigating. ](/news/2016/08/23/the-new-york-times-reports-its-moscow-bureau-was-targeted-this-month-by-hackers-believed-to-be-russian-while-there-is-no-evidence-that-t.md) _Context: The New York Times_
7. [Canada's Minister of Health Jane Philpott says federal legislation to legalize marijuana will be introduced in spring of 2017. ](/news/2016/04/20/canada-s-minister-of-health-jane-philpott-says-federal-legislation-to-legalize-marijuana-will-be-introduced-in-spring-of-2017.md) _Context: marijuana_
8. [America's largest seven-day newspaper, "The New York Times", breaking with the tradition that front pages belong to the news department, publishes Saturday morning's edition with the first front page editorial since 1920. The editorial calls for tighter gun control laws after the shootings in Colorado Springs, Colorado, and San Bernardino, California, over the past eight days. [http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/05/us/gun-debate-yields-page-1-editorial.html?_r=0 "(The New York Times)"], [https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2015/12/05/the-new-york-times-has-rare-front-page-editorial-calling-u-s-gun-laws-a-national-disgrace/ ("The Washington Post")], [http://www.theguardian.com/media/2015/dec/05/gun-control-new-york-times-ront-page-editorial-first-time-since-1920-san-bernardino "(The Guardian)"]](/news/2015/12/5/america-s-largest-seven-day-newspaper-the-new-york-times-breaking-with-the-tradition-that-front-pages-belong-to-the-news-department-pub.md) _Context: The New York Times_
9. [The same day the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration announces it is easing restrictions on medical research involving cannabidiol (CBD), a key component in marijuana, NYU Langone Medical Center researchers report a clinical trial suggests a pill containing CBD may reduce seizures for children and young adults with epilepsy. ](/news/2015/12/24/the-same-day-the-u-s-drug-enforcement-administration-announces-it-is-easing-restrictions-on-medical-research-involving-cannabidiol-cbd-a.md) _Context: marijuana_
10. ["The New York Times" reports the U.S. Navy covered up a Naval Criminal Investigative Service (NCIS) report on Afghan detainee abuses. The NCIS investigation found that Navy SEAL Team 2's abuse resulted in the death of a 24-year old married Afghan detainee with a new baby, and that the SEALs failed to restrain the Afghan Local Police's detainee abuses. This drove some previously cooperative Afghans to leave for Taliban-controlled areas, the "Times" reports. Their commander in Afghanistan recommended these men be forced out of the elite SEAL teams. Two of the SEALs and their lieutenant have since been promoted. Rachel E. VanLandingham, former United States Central Command's chief legal adviser on detainee and interrogation issues from 2006 to 2010, and other military lawyers, have called for the case to be reopened. ](/news/2015/12/17/the-new-york-times-reports-the-u-s-navy-covered-up-a-naval-criminal-investigative-service-ncis-report-on-afghan-detainee-abuses-the-nc.md) _Context: The New York Times_
