### [2015-11-4](/news/2015/11/4/index.md)

# The United States says that last month's airstrikes in Kunduz hit three locations, mistakenly including the Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) (MSF) hospital where at least 30 were killed. Afghan commanders, whose forces were actively engaged with the Taliban, requested the attacks. "The Washington Post" reports a warehouse and a mansion in two densely populated residential areas were "pulverized" without loss of civilian lives. According to residents, earlier their neighborhoods had been conflict zones, but no militants were there the time of the attacks. "Together, the three attacks raise questions about the quality and reliability of the intelligence that Afghan security forces are providing to their American partners, as well as U.S. decisions to act on that intelligence," writes the Post. 

Doctors Without Borders held memorials around the globe.


### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo News](https://en-maktoob.news.yahoo.com/msf-staff-honour-colleagues-killed-us-raid-kunduz-154230621.html)
2. [DW Akademie](http://www.dw.com/en/doctors-without-borders-demands-justice-over-kunduz-airstrike/a-18824819)
3. [The Hill](http://thehill.com/policy/defense/258970-doctors-without-borders-marks-month-since-hospital-bombing-by-us)
4. [Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/asia_pacific/us-airstrikes-in-kunduz-destroyed-more-than-a-hospital/2015/11/04/99ef78ff-468a-4113-ae05-086c3450f065_story.html?wpmm=1&wpisrc=nl_evening)
4. [Cover Image](http://thehill.com/sites/default/files/article_images/doctorswithoutbordersprotest_110315getty.jpg)

### Related:

1. [According to the United States Department of Defense, an airstrike that hit a hospital in Kunduz, Afghanistan, last October did not amount to a war crime because the airstrike was "unintentional" and that those involved would face suspension but not criminal charges. In response to the briefing, a president of the organization which operated the hospital described it as "an admission of an uncontrolled military operation in a densely populated urban area, during which US forces failed to follow the basic laws of war." ](/news/2016/04/30/according-to-the-united-states-department-of-defense-an-airstrike-that-hit-a-hospital-in-kunduz-afghanistan-last-october-did-not-amount-t.md) _Context: Kunduz hospital airstrike, Medecins Sans Frontieres, U.S. military_
2. [The United Nations mission in Afghanistan reports 289 civilians were killed ("301 with MSF update") and 559 injured during fighting in Kunduz between Taliban militants and Afghan National Security Forces in September and October. The U.N. says these numbers include casualties from the friendly-fire attack on the Doctors Without Borders hospital and noted the totals were likely to rise as more information becomes available. ](/news/2015/12/12/the-united-nations-mission-in-afghanistan-reports-289-civilians-were-killed-301-with-msf-update-and-559-injured-during-fighting-in-kundu.md) _Context: Kunduz, Medecins Sans Frontieres, Taliban_
3. [Afghanistan's acting defense minister has stated that the Medecins Sans Frontieres hospital in Kunduz bombed on 3 October by U.S. forces was being used as a safe haven by insurgents. MSF has repeatedly denied the allegation, stating "Every staff member in Kunduz working for MSF has repeatedly reported to us that there were no armed people in the hospital at the time of the bombing". ](/news/2015/10/19/afghanistanas-acting-defense-minister-has-stated-that-the-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-hospital-in-kunduz-bombed-on-3-october-by-u-s-forces.md) _Context: Kunduz, Kunduz hospital airstrike, Medecins Sans Frontieres_
4. [The U.S. Department of Defense will make payments to families of victims of last week's U.S. airstrike that struck a Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) hospital in the Afghan city of Kunduz. At least 22 people were killed including 12 staff members and 10 patients, including three children. MSF says 33 people are still missing and presumed to have died in the fire. ](/news/2015/10/10/the-u-s-department-of-defense-will-make-payments-to-families-of-victims-of-last-week-s-u-s-airstrike-that-struck-a-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia.md) _Context: Kunduz, Medecins Sans Frontieres, U.S. military_
5. [The U.S.-led coalition dispatches American troops to Kunduz to help Afghan forces combat Taliban militants. ](/news/2015/09/30/the-u-s-led-coalition-dispatches-american-troops-to-kunduz-to-help-afghan-forces-combat-taliban-militants.md) _Context: Afghan National Army, Kunduz, Taliban_

### Changes:

1. [The United States says that last month's airstrikes in Kunduz hit three locations, mistakenly including the Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) (MSF) hospital where at least 30 were killed. Afghan commanders, whose forces were actively engaged with the Taliban, requested the attacks. ''The Washington Post'' reports a warehouse and a mansion in two densely populated residential areas were "pulverized" without loss of civilian lives. According to residents, earlier their neighborhoods had been conflict zones, but no militants were there the time of the attacks. "Together, the three attacks raise questions about the quality and reliability of the intelligence that Afghan security forces are providing to their American partners, as well as U.S. decisions to act on that intelligence," writes the Post. ](/news/2015/11/4/the-united-states-says-that-last-month-s-airstrikes-in-kunduz-hit-three-locations-mistakenly-including-the-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doc.md) _2017-08-25 03:43:22 (First version)_
2. [Kunduz hospital airstrike: Afghanistan War: The United States says that last month's airstrikes in Kunduz hit three locations, mistakenly including the Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) (MSF) hospital where at least 30 were killed. Afghan commanders, whose forces were actively engaged with the Taliban, requested the attacks. "The Washington Post" reports a warehouse and a mansion in two densely populated residential areas were "pulverized" without loss of civilian lives. According to residents, earlier their neighborhoods had been conflict zones, but no militants were there the time of the attacks. "Together, the three attacks raise questions about the quality and reliability of the intelligence that Afghan security forces are providing to their American partners, as well as U.S. decisions to act on that intelligence," writes the Post. ](/news/2015/11/4/kunduz-hospital-airstrike-afghanistan-war-the-united-states-says-that-last-month-s-airstrikes-in-kunduz-hit-three-locations-mistakenly-in.md) _2017-08-27 03:43:41 (Update)_
2. [The United States says that last month's airstrikes in Kunduz hit three locations, mistakenly including the Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) (MSF) hospital where at least 30 were killed. Afghan commanders, whose forces were actively engaged with the Taliban, requested the attacks. "The Washington Post" reports a warehouse and a mansion in two densely populated residential areas were "pulverized" without loss of civilian lives. According to residents, earlier their neighborhoods had been conflict zones, but no militants were there the time of the attacks. "Together, the three attacks raise questions about the quality and reliability of the intelligence that Afghan security forces are providing to their American partners, as well as U.S. decisions to act on that intelligence," writes the Post. ](/news/2015/11/4/the-united-states-says-that-last-month-s-airstrikes-in-kunduz-hit-three-locations-mistakenly-including-the-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doct.md) _(Current version)_
