### [2015-11-4](/news/2015/11/4/index.md)

# U.S. Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter and his counterpart from Malaysia, Hishammuddin Hussein, will visit the USS Theodore Roosevelt (CVN-71) as it cruises in the South China Sea, this in the wake of China's dismay over a U.S. Navy ship's sailing in the vicinity of artificial islands constructed by China in the Spratly Islands. 

Defense Secretary Ash Carter and Malaysian Defense Minister Hishammuddin Hussein will visit the aircraft carrier USS Theodore Roosevelt on Thursday as it passes through the South China Sea and conducts routine operations.


### Source:

1. [Stars and Stripes](http://www.stripes.com/news/pacific/carter-malaysian-counterpart-to-visit-uss-theodore-roosevelt-1.376887)

### Related:

1. [U.S. officials say the U.S. Navy deliberately avoided military drills or other actions that could have further inflamed tensions with Beijing during the USS Lassen's patrol in the South China Sea last week. For instance, the Lassen turned off its fire-control radars while transiting within 12 nautical miles of Subi Reef. On its part, the Chinese destroyer following the Lassen was, "very cordial the entire time ... before and after the Spratly Islands transit," said the Lassen's commanding officer, Commander Robert Francis. ](/news/2015/11/6/u-s-officials-say-the-u-s-navy-deliberately-avoided-military-drills-or-other-actions-that-could-have-further-inflamed-tensions-with-beijin.md) _Context: China, China-United States relations, South China Sea, Spratly Islands_
2. [Chinese military aircraft conduct training in the South China Sea following the cruise of a U.S. Navy ship in the vicinity of the disputed Spratly Islands. ](/news/2015/11/2/chinese-military-aircraft-conduct-training-in-the-south-china-sea-following-the-cruise-of-a-u-s-navy-ship-in-the-vicinity-of-the-disputed-s.md) _Context: China-United States relations, South China Sea, Spratly Islands, U.S. Navy_
3. [A United States Navy ship, the USS "Lassen", sails near the Spratly Islands, challenging Beijing's claim that the islands are Chinese territory. China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs strongly condemned the actions of the United States in the South China Sea, saying "China will firmly react to this deliberate provocation". ](/news/2015/10/27/a-united-states-navy-ship-the-uss-lassen-sails-near-the-spratly-islands-challenging-beijing-s-claim-that-the-islands-are-chinese-territ.md) _Context: China, China-United States relations, South China Sea, Spratly Islands_
4. [China's People's Liberation Army Navy seizes an underwater drone deployed by USNS "Bowditch" in the South China Sea; the United States files a formal diplomatic protest and a demand for its return. ](/news/2016/12/16/china-s-people-s-liberation-army-navy-seizes-an-underwater-drone-deployed-by-usns-bowditch-in-the-south-china-sea-the-united-states-files.md) _Context: China, China-United States relations, South China Sea_
5. [China's People's Liberation Army Air Force says it has conducted "combat patrols" near the disputed Spratly Islands and Scarborough Shoal in the South China Sea as part of an effort to normalize such drills and respond to security threats. Xian H-6 strategic bombers and Su-30 fighter jets took part in the patrols, according to Xinhua News Agency. ](/news/2016/08/6/china-s-people-s-liberation-army-air-force-says-it-has-conducted-combat-patrols-near-the-disputed-spratly-islands-and-scarborough-shoal-in.md) _Context: China, South China Sea, Spratly Islands_
6. [Admiral John Richardson says the United States has seen Chinese activity around Scarborough Shoal, which China seized from the Philippines nearly four years ago, in the northern part of the Spratly archipelago of the South China Sea. An international court ruling on a case brought by the Philippines against China over its South China Sea claims is expected within a month. ](/news/2016/03/17/admiral-john-richardson-says-the-united-states-has-seen-chinese-activity-around-scarborough-shoal-which-china-seized-from-the-philippines-n.md) _Context: China, South China Sea, Spratly Islands_
7. [A U.S. B-52 long-range bomber on a routine mission over the South China Sea mistakenly flew within two nautical miles of an artificial island built by China near the Cuarteron Reef in the disputed Spratly Islands archipelago, according to a senior U.S. defense official. The Chinese Defense Ministry issues a statement accusing the U.S. of deliberately raising tensions in the disputed region. ](/news/2015/12/18/a-u-s-b-52-long-range-bomber-on-a-routine-mission-over-the-south-china-sea-mistakenly-flew-within-two-nautical-miles-of-an-artificial-islan.md) _Context: China, South China Sea, Spratly Islands_
8. [In a Peking University speech in Beijing, US Pacific Command commander, Admiral Harry Harris, says the U.S. Navy's freedom-of-navigation patrols in the South China Sea are routine operations intended to demonstrate respect for international law principles. Harris reiterated they should not be construed as a threat to any country while emphasizing America's common ground with China. ](/news/2015/11/3/in-a-peking-university-speech-in-beijing-us-pacific-command-commander-admiral-harry-harris-says-the-u-s-navyas-freedom-of-navigation-p.md) _Context: China, China-United States relations, South China Sea_
9. [As a result of talks between U.S. Chief of Naval Operations Admiral John Richardson and Chinese Commander of the People's Liberation Army Navy Admiral Wu Shengli about a U.S. warship's transit with 12 nautical miles of China's man-made islands in the South China Sea, the United States and China agree to maintain dialogue and follow Code for Unplanned Encounters at Sea protocols, according to a U.S. official. ](/news/2015/10/29/as-a-result-of-talks-between-u-s-chief-of-naval-operations-admiral-john-richardson-and-chinese-commander-of-the-people-s-liberation-army-na.md) _Context: China, China-United States relations, South China Sea_
10. [China hosts the ministers of defense from the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN). During the meeting a Chinese defense official suggests joint maritime drills between the host and ASEAN. At the same time, it is widely expected that U.S. Navy vessels may soon sail within 12 nautical miles of islands China is constructing upon reefs and atolls in the South China Sea. ](/news/2015/10/16/china-hosts-the-ministers-of-defense-from-the-association-of-southeast-asian-nations-asean-during-the-meeting-a-chinese-defense-official.md) _Context: China, South China Sea, U.S. Navy_
