### [2007-03-19](/news/2007/03/19/index.md)

#  The Supreme Court of the United States hears "Morse v. Frederick", in which an Alaskan high school student argues free speech rights in connection with his displaying a banner reading "Bong Hits 4 Jesus" in front of a Juneau high school. 

A high school senior&#8217;s 14-foot banner proclaiming &#8220;Bong Hits 4 Jesus&#8221; gave the Supreme Court a provocative prop for a lively argument Monday about the extent of schools&#8217; control over student speech.


### Source:

1. [MSNBC](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/17687386/)

### Related:

1. [Fires in Alaska. A large fire continues to burn at the Peter Pan Seafoods fish processing plant in Port Moller, Alaska, on the Alaska Peninsula. Much of the facility has been destroyed, and the plant is out of commission. Power is out in the village. ](/news/2017/08/17/fires-in-alaska-a-large-fire-continues-to-burn-at-the-peter-pan-seafoods-fish-processing-plant-in-port-moller-alaska-on-the-alaska-penins.md) _Context: Alaska_
2. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea test-launches what is presumed to be its first intercontinental ballistic missile 933 kilometers into the Sea of Japan within Japan's Exclusive Economic Zone. An American expert theorizes the ICBM, which reached an altitude of 2,802 km, could potentially reach the U.S. state of Alaska. ](/news/2017/07/4/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-test-launches-what-is-presumed-to-be-its-first-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-9.md) _Context: Alaska_
3. [Crime in Alaska. A woman is killed aboard the "Emerald Princess" cruise ship as it sails to a port of call in Juneau, Alaska, U.S. The passengers are detained while the FBI investigates. Authorities suspect the incident is related to domestic violence. ](/news/2017/07/26/crime-in-alaska-a-woman-is-killed-aboard-the-emerald-princess-cruise-ship-as-it-sails-to-a-port-of-call-in-juneau-alaska-u-s-the-passe.md) _Context: Juneau, Alaska_
4. [Earthquakes in 2017. A 7.7 magnitude earthquake strikes off Russia's Kamchatka Peninsula, west of the Alaskan Aleutian Island of Attu, in the North Pacific Ocean. No immediate reports of casualties or damage; a tsunami warning was cancelled. ](/news/2017/07/18/earthquakes-in-2017-a-7-7-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-off-russia-s-kamchatka-peninsula-west-of-the-alaskan-aleutian-island-of-attu-in-th.md) _Context: Alaska_
5. [Executive Order 13780, "Hawaii v. Trump". The Trump Administration asks the U.S. Supreme Court to stop implementation of yesterday's ruling by Hawaii District Judge Derrick Watson that expanded the State Department's definition of "close family" used to implement the Supreme Court's June order that permits admission to the U.S. of those with a bona fide relationship. ](/news/2017/07/14/executive-order-13780-hawaii-v-trump-the-trump-administration-asks-the-u-s-supreme-court-to-stop-implementation-of-yesterday-s-ruling.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
6. [Unruly aircraft passengers. Alaska Airlines removes 11 passengers from a Juneau, Alaska to Seattle, Washington flight, due to alleged unruly and uncooperative behavior. There were no arrests. ](/news/2017/06/26/unruly-aircraft-passengers-alaska-airlines-removes-11-passengers-from-a-juneau-alaska-to-seattle-washington-flight-due-to-alleged-unruly.md) _Context: Juneau, Alaska_
7. [Immigration policy of Donald Trump. The Supreme Court of the United States partially reinstates President Donald Trump's travel ban and invalidates certain injunctions that were put on the order by two federal appeals courts earlier. Final oral hearings concerning the legality of the Executive Order 13780 will be held in October 2017 at the Supreme Court. ](/news/2017/06/26/immigration-policy-of-donald-trump-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-partially-reinstates-president-donald-trump-s-travel-ban-and-inva.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
8. [Freedom of speech in the United States. The Slants win their case with the Supreme Court of the United States that the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office's rejection of their trademark under the Lanham Act due to their name being "disparaging" is an unconstitutional violation of their free speech rights under the First Amendment. ](/news/2017/06/19/freedom-of-speech-in-the-united-states-the-slants-win-their-case-with-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-that-the-u-s-patent-and-trade.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
9. [Bear attacks. Two people are attacked and killed by black bears, in separate incidents in Alaska, following a rise in bear attacks in that state. ](/news/2017/06/19/bear-attacks-two-people-are-attacked-and-killed-by-black-bears-in-separate-incidents-in-alaska-following-a-rise-in-bear-attacks-in-that-s.md) _Context: Alaska_
10. [United States immigration ban. The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/united-states-immigration-ban-the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-m.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
