### [2005-07-12](/news/2005/07/12/index.md)

#  In Washington, D.C., Presidential Press Secretary Scott McClellan refused for the second day in a row to respond to reporters' questions about Newsweek's revelation that Karl Rove disclosed the identity of CIA agent Valerie Plame. McClellan had asserted Rove's innocence on many occasions in the past. The President, at a photo-op today, ignored reporters who asked if his pledge to fire any staffer involved was still operative. 




### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=10000103&sid=awNg9bJB5JFU&refer=us)

### Related:

1. [ "Time" correspondent Matthew Cooper reveals that last week he told a grand jury that Karl Rove&mdash;a top White House political adviser to U.S. President George W. Bush&mdash; was the first to reveal Valerie Plame's identity as a CIA agent. ](/news/2005/07/17/time-correspondent-matthew-cooper-reveals-that-last-week-he-told-a-grand-jury-that-karl-rove-mdash-a-top-white-house-political-adviser-to.md) _Context: CIA, George W. Bush, Karl Rove, Valerie Plame_
2. [ White House Press Secretary Scott McClellan announces his resignation. Karl Rove is expected to lose his position as Deputy Chief of Staff for political development. President George W. Bush tries to shake up his cabinet because of the mid-term elections in November. ](/news/2006/04/19/white-house-press-secretary-scott-mcclellan-announces-his-resignation-karl-rove-is-expected-to-lose-his-position-as-deputy-chief-of-staff.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Karl Rove, Scott McClellan_
3. [U.S. Attorney General John Ashcroft recuses himself and his office from the CIA leak scandal, in which the identity of Valerie Plame, a CIA operative, was leaked by Washington insiders. Democratic political leaders had been calling for Ashcroft's recusal. [http://www.cnn.com/2003/ALLPOLITICS/12/30/ashcroft.cia.leaks.reut/index.html]](/news/2003/12/30/u-s-attorney-general-john-ashcroft-recuses-himself-and-his-office-from-the-cia-leak-scandal-in-which-the-identity-of-valerie-plame-a-cia.md) _Context: CIA, Valerie Plame, Washington, D.C._
4. [ Former White House Press Secretary Scott McClellan claims that United States President George W. Bush was involved in the Plame affair. ](/news/2007/11/21/former-white-house-press-secretary-scott-mcclellan-claims-that-united-states-president-george-w-bush-was-involved-in-the-plame-affair.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Scott McClellan_
5. [ Karl Rove, Deputy White House Chief of Staff and George W. Bush's leading political adviser, tells the "Wall Street Journal" that he intends to resign at the end of August. ](/news/2007/08/13/karl-rove-deputy-white-house-chief-of-staff-and-george-w-bush-s-leading-political-adviser-tells-the-wall-street-journal-that-he-intend.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Karl Rove_
6. [ The President of the United States George W. Bush orders senior adviser Karl Rove not to testify before a United States Senate committee on the Dismissal of U.S. attorneys controversy. ](/news/2007/08/1/the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-orders-senior-adviser-karl-rove-not-to-testify-before-a-united-states-senate-committee-on.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Karl Rove_
7. [ A U.S. federal judge dismisses a case brought by Valerie Plame against members of the Bush Administration in connection with the Plame affair. ](/news/2007/07/19/a-u-s-federal-judge-dismisses-a-case-brought-by-valerie-plame-against-members-of-the-bush-administration-in-connection-with-the-plame-affa.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Valerie Plame_
8. [ At a press conference, U.S. President George W. Bush admits for the first time that someone in his administration may have leaked the name of CIA agent Valerie Plame. ](/news/2007/07/12/at-a-press-conference-u-s-president-george-w-bush-admits-for-the-first-time-that-someone-in-his-administration-may-have-leaked-the-name.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Valerie Plame_
9. [ In observance of Captive Nations Week, there was a brief ceremony and laying of a wreath today at the Victims of Communism Memorial, Massachusetts and New Jersey Avenues, NW, Washington, D.C.. On 10 July, George W. Bush issued a Proclamation, designating July 15 through 21 as Captive Nations Week and called upon the American people to reaffirm the country's "commitment to all those seeking liberty, justice and self-determination." This year marks the 49th observance of Captive Nations Week. ](/news/2007/07/10/in-observance-of-captive-nations-week-there-was-a-brief-ceremony-and-laying-of-a-wreath-today-at-the-victims-of-communism-memorial-massac.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Washington, D.C._
10. [ The Prime Minister of Singapore Lee Hsien Loong visits Washington D.C. for talks with the President of the United States George W. Bush about South East Asia. ](/news/2007/05/4/the-prime-minister-of-singapore-lee-hsien-loong-visits-washington-d-c-for-talks-with-the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-abo.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Washington, D.C._
