### [2005-07-12](/news/2005/07/12/index.md)

#  Lord King of Wartnaby, mastermind of the privatisation of British Airways under former prime minister Margaret Thatcher and chairman of B.A. for 12 years, dies in his sleep.




### Related:

1. [Papua New Guinean general election, 2017. The parliament of Papua New Guinea re-elects Peter O'Neill as Prime Minister, ending a chaotic election campaign marred by violence, which analysts fear may continue amid widespread voter unrest. ](/news/2017/08/2/papua-new-guinean-general-election-2017-the-parliament-of-papua-new-guinea-re-elects-peter-o-neill-as-prime-minister-ending-a-chaotic-ele.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
2. [British Airways cancels all flights from Heathrow Airport and Gatwick Airport amid a "major IT system failure", that is causing severe disruption to flight operations worldwide. ](/news/2017/05/27/british-airways-cancels-all-flights-from-heathrow-airport-and-gatwick-airport-amid-a-major-it-system-failure-that-is-causing-severe-disru.md) _Context: British Airways_
3. [United Kingdom-United States relations. 2017 Brussels summit. British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to "The New York Times". British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/united-kingdom-united-states-relations-2017-brussels-summit-british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connec.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
4. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). American-led intervention in Iraq. Following the Obama Administration's pledge of additional Special Operations troops to Iraq, several members of Iraq-s ruling alliance state that only the Iraqi Parliament can authorize the action, and political associates of Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi report such a troop expansion would be unacceptable. Several members of Iraqi militias have also decried a deployment of more U.S. troops. During the pull out from Iraq, president Obama promised there would be no more "boots on the ground" in Iraq again. ](/news/2015/12/3/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-american-led-intervention-in-iraq-following-the-obama-administration-s-pledge-of-additional-special-operati.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015). U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met today in Berlin with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu regarding the recent spate of violence between Palestinians and Israelis. Kerry will meet on Saturday with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and King Abdullah of Jordan in Amman. ](/news/2015/10/22/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-met-today-in-berlin-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
6. [Thatcher funeral events:. Downing Street announces the funeral for Margaret Thatcher is scheduled for Wednesday, 17 April. She will be afforded a ceremonial exit, ranking her alongside Diana Spencer and the Queen Mother. ](/news/2013/04/9/thatcher-funeral-events-downing-street-announces-the-funeral-for-margaret-thatcher-is-scheduled-for-wednesday-17-april-she-will-be-affor.md) _Context: Margaret Thatcher_
7. [Kissinger cables:. Among the cables available now on WikiLeaks are the Nixon administration's early comments on recently-deceased former UK Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher. ](/news/2013/04/9/kissinger-cables-among-the-cables-available-now-on-wikileaks-are-the-nixon-administration-s-early-comments-on-recently-deceased-former-uk.md) _Context: Margaret Thatcher_
8. [Death of Margaret Thatcher:. Margaret Thatcher, former British Prime Minister, dies of a stroke at the age of 87 in London. ](/news/2013/04/8/death-of-margaret-thatcher-margaret-thatcher-former-british-prime-minister-dies-of-a-stroke-at-the-age-of-87-in-london.md) _Context: Margaret Thatcher_
9. [Funeral of Margaret Thatcher:. The former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher's ceremonial funeral is held in London. ](/news/2013/04/17/funeral-of-margaret-thatcher-the-former-british-prime-minister-margaret-thatcher-s-ceremonial-funeral-is-held-in-london.md) _Context: Margaret Thatcher_
10. [The BBC confirms that it will not be playing "Ding-Dong! The Witch Is Dead" in full when it counts down the UK pop chart on Sunday, saying it finds "distasteful" the timing of the song's rise up the charts in the wake of Margaret Thatcher's death. ](/news/2013/04/12/the-bbc-confirms-that-it-will-not-be-playing-ding-dong-the-witch-is-dead-in-full-when-it-counts-down-the-uk-pop-chart-on-sunday-saying-i.md) _Context: Margaret Thatcher_
