### [2005-07-12](/news/2005/07/12/index.md)

#  US federal judge Barbara Jones denies former WorldCom CEO Bernie Ebbers, who faces up to 85 years in prison, a retrial in federal court 

Reuters.com brings you the latest news from around the world, covering breaking news in markets, business, politics, entertainment, technology, video and pictures.


### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2005/07/13/business/13ebbers.html)
2. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.com/investing/FinanceArticle.aspx?type=businessNews&storyID=2005-07-12T195923Z_01_N12582261_RTRIDST_0_BUSINESS-CRIME-EBBERS-DC.XML)

### Related:

1. [ United States District Court judge William Hoeveler rules against former Panamanian leader Manuel Noriega returning to Panama after he completes his sentence in a United States prison stating that there was no reason why he shouldn't be extradited to France to face a prison term there. ](/news/2007/08/24/united-states-district-court-judge-william-hoeveler-rules-against-former-panamanian-leader-manuel-noriega-returning-to-panama-after-he-comp.md) _Context: U.S. federal court, prison_
2. [ Scott Sullivan, once the chief financial officer of WorldCom, then the star witness in the prosecution of his former boss there, Bernie Ebbers, is sentenced to five years in prison.](/news/2005/08/11/scott-sullivan-once-the-chief-financial-officer-of-worldcom-then-the-star-witness-in-the-prosecution-of-his-former-boss-there-bernie-ebb.md) _Context: Bernie Ebbers, WorldCom_
3. [ The trial of Bernie Ebbers, former CEO of WorldCom, begins in New York with the jury selection. ](/news/2005/01/20/the-trial-of-bernie-ebbers-former-ceo-of-worldcom-begins-in-new-york-with-the-jury-selection.md) _Context: Bernie Ebbers, WorldCom_
4. [ A United States district court approves a settlement between WorldCom and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, in which WorldCom will pay $750&nbsp;million to investors for its accounting scandal. ](/news/2003/07/7/a-united-states-district-court-approves-a-settlement-between-worldcom-and-the-u-s-securities-and-exchange-commission-in-which-worldcom-wi.md) _Context: U.S. federal court, WorldCom_
5. [ Accounting scandals: New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer has filed civil fraud lawsuits against ex-WorldCom CEO Bernie Ebbers, Qwest Communications executives Philip Anschutz and Joseph Nacchio, Metromedia Fiber Networks chairman Stephen Garofalo, and ex-McLeod USA CEO Clark McLeod.](/news/2002/09/30/accounting-scandals-new-york-attorney-general-eliot-spitzer-has-filed-civil-fraud-lawsuits-against-ex-worldcom-ceo-bernie-ebbers-qwest-co.md) _Context: Bernie Ebbers, WorldCom_
6. [A new class action lawsuit, filed on Tuesday in U.S. federal court in Illinois,  claims the Volkswagen Group  used emission defeat devices in at least six of its Audi V6 gasoline engines. ](/news/2016/11/13/a-new-class-action-lawsuit-filed-on-tuesday-in-u-s-federal-court-in-illinois-claims-the-volkswagen-group-used-emission-defeat-devices-i.md) _Context: U.S. federal court_
7. [A United States federal district judge rules unconstitutional a provision in an Alabama state law that requires  doctors who perform abortions to have admitting privileges at a local hospital.  A Florida law enacted today contains a comparable provision to Alabama's. The U.S. Supreme Court heard arguments  a few weeks ago  on the constitutionality of similar abortion restrictions in Texas. ](/news/2016/03/25/a-united-states-federal-district-judge-rules-unconstitutional-a-provision-in-an-alabama-state-law-that-requires-doctors-who-perform-abortio.md) _Context: U.S. federal court_
8. [Conservative MP Philip Davies calls for a crackdown after it was announced up to 100 prisoners serving life sentences in British prisons will be let out of jail at Christmas for a five-day break with their families. Last year a total of 1,347 prison inmates, including 93 lifers, were given leave. The scheme has been defended by Justice Minister MP Andrew Selous but has caused outrage among justice campaigners. ](/news/2015/11/29/conservative-mp-philip-davies-calls-for-a-crackdown-after-it-was-announced-up-to-100-prisoners-serving-life-sentences-in-british-prisons-wil.md) _Context: prison_
9. [Iranian Judiciary spokesman Gholamhossein Mohseni Ejei says an Iranian court sentenced ''Washington Post'' reporter Jason Rezaian to a prison term, length unspecified, for espionage. Mohseni Eje said, "I cannot give details." Post foreign editor Douglas Jehl said this might move the case closer to a final resolution in the judiciary, so it can then go to Iranian leaders who can make things right. ](/news/2015/11/22/iranian-judiciary-spokesman-gholamhossein-mohseni-ejei-says-an-iranian-court-sentenced-washington-post-reporter-jason-rezaian-to-a-priso.md) _Context: prison_
10. [Englishman Barry Thew is sentenced to four months in jail after a t-shirt he wore is deemed to offend public morality. ](/news/2012/10/11/englishman-barry-thew-is-sentenced-to-four-months-in-jail-after-a-t-shirt-he-wore-is-deemed-to-offend-public-morality.md) _Context: prison_
