### [2017-06-26](/news/2017/06/26/index.md)

# Colombian peace process: The United Nations confirms that the FARC has completed its disarmament process, with former rebels due to make the transition to civilian life and the group to transform into a legal political party in the country. 

The disarmament by the roughly 7,000 rebels brings Latin America&#39;s oldest civil conflict close to a formal end.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/06/colombia-farc-rebels-complete-disarmament-170626232629067.html)

### Related:

1. [According to the United Nations, as many as 96 families have been displaced by criminal gangs who are filling the vacuum left by FARC rebels in Colombia after the latter signed a peace deal with the government last year. ](/news/2017/02/18/according-to-the-united-nations-as-many-as-96-families-have-been-displaced-by-criminal-gangs-who-are-filling-the-vacuum-left-by-farc-rebels.md) _Context: FARC, United Nations_
2. [Colombian conflict: As part of an ongoing peace process, the Congress of Colombia approves an amnesty law for thousands of demobilizing FARC rebels. The amnesty does not apply to FARC rebels who have committed war crimes or human rights violations. ](/news/2016/12/28/colombian-conflict-as-part-of-an-ongoing-peace-process-the-congress-of-colombia-approves-an-amnesty-law-for-thousands-of-demobilizing-farc.md) _Context: Colombian peace process, FARC_
3. [Colombian peace process: The Congress of Colombia unanimously approves a peace deal between the Government and rebel group FARC to end the Colombian conflict. ](/news/2016/11/30/colombian-peace-process-the-congress-of-colombia-unanimously-approves-a-peace-deal-between-the-government-and-rebel-group-farc-to-end-the-c.md) _Context: Colombian peace process, FARC_
4. [Colombian peace process: The Colombian government and FARC rebels sign a new peace deal after the failure of the original one. ](/news/2016/11/24/colombian-peace-process-the-colombian-government-and-farc-rebels-sign-a-new-peace-deal-after-the-failure-of-the-original-one.md) _Context: Colombian peace process, FARC_
5. [Colombian peace process: Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos extends his ceasefire with the FARC rebels through the end of the year. ](/news/2016/10/13/colombian-peace-process-colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-extends-his-ceasefire-with-the-farc-rebels-through-the-end-of-the-year.md) _Context: Colombian peace process, FARC_
6. [Colombian conflict: Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos and FARC guerrilla leader Rodrigo Londono, also known as Timochenko, sign a peace accord in Cartagena, ending the longest running armed conflict in the Western Hemisphere. The final agreement will be submitted to popular ratification in a referendum on October 2.](/news/2016/09/26/colombian-conflict-colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-and-farc-guerrilla-leader-rodrigo-londoa-o-also-known-as-timochenko-sign-a-peac.md) _Context: Colombian peace process, FARC_
7. [Syria chemical weapons program: Sanctions against North Korea: Two North Korean shipments to a Syrian government agency of its chemical weapons program were intercepted in the past 6 months, according to a confidential United Nations report on violations of North Korea's sactions. ](/news/2017/08/21/syria-chemical-weapons-program-sanctions-against-north-korea-two-north-korean-shipments-to-a-syrian-government-agency-of-its-chemical-weap.md) _Context: United Nations_
8. [Epidemiology of HIV/AIDS: According to the United Nations, the Philippines has the largest increase in HIV/AIDS in the Asia Pacific region with about a 140% increase in cases from 2010 until 2016 possibly causing a 'national emergency.' ](/news/2017/08/1/epidemiology-of-hiv-aids-according-to-the-united-nations-the-philippines-has-the-largest-increase-in-hiv-aids-in-the-asia-pacific-region-w.md) _Context: United Nations_
9. [Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons: The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-12.md) _Context: United Nations_
10. [Russia and the United Nations: Russian President Vladimir Putin appoints Vasily Nebenzya to be the new Permanent Representative of Russia to the United Nations following the sudden death of Vitaly Churkin in February. ](/news/2017/07/27/russia-and-the-united-nations-russian-president-vladimir-putin-appoints-vasily-nebenzya-to-be-the-new-permanent-representative-of-russia-to.md) _Context: United Nations_
