### [2017-06-26](/news/2017/06/26/index.md)

# The Supreme Court of the United States partially reinstates President Donald Trump's travel ban and invalidates certain injunctions that were put on the order by two federal appeals courts earlier. Final oral hearings concerning the legality of the Executive Order 13780 will be held in October 2017 at the Supreme Court. 

The US Supreme Court partly implements the travel and refugee bans pending a full review in October.


### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-40409490)

### Related:

1. [A request by the state of Hawaii to issue an order blocking President Donald Trump's Executive Order 13780 is rejected in the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. ](/news/2017/07/7/a-request-by-the-state-of-hawaii-to-issue-an-order-blocking-president-donald-trump-s-executive-order-13780-is-rejected-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Executive Order 13780_
2. [Executive Order 13780, ''Hawaii v. Trump''The Trump Administration asks the U.S. Supreme Court to stop implementation of yesterday's ruling by Hawaii District Judge Derrick Watson that expanded the State Department's definition of "close family" used to implement the Supreme Court's June  order that permits admission to the U.S. of  those with a bona fide relationship.  ](/news/2017/07/14/executive-order-13780-hawaii-v-trump-pthe-trump-administration-asks-the-u-s-supreme-court-to-stop-implementation-of-yesterday-s-ruling.md) _Context: Executive Order 13780, U.S. Supreme Court_
3. [Executive Order 13780, ''Hawaii v. Trump''Hawaii District Judge Derrick Watson extends the definition of "close family members" to include grandparents, aunts, and uncles, thereby exempting them from President Donald Trump's travel ban on six Muslim-majority nations. ](/news/2017/07/13/executive-order-13780-hawaii-v-trump-phawaii-district-judge-derrick-watson-extends-the-definition-of-close-family-members-to-include.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Executive Order 13780_
4. [The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling  that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and  let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of  the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision  on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-may-25-ruling-that-affirmed-the.md) _Context: Executive Order 13780, U.S. Supreme Court_
5. [The United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit refuses to reinstate Executive Order 13780 on the basis of religious discrimination, upholding the District Court for Maryland's March 7 ruling. ](/news/2017/05/25/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-fourth-circuit-refuses-to-reinstate-executive-order-13780-on-the-basis-of-religious-discriminatio.md) _Context: Executive Order 13780, Immigration policy of Donald Trump_
6. [U.S. District Court Judge William Orrick rules that President Donald Trump's executive order withholding federal funds from sanctuary cities is unconstitutional. ](/news/2017/04/25/u-s-district-court-judge-william-orrick-rules-that-president-donald-trump-s-executive-order-withholding-federal-funds-from-sanctuary-cities.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Immigration policy of Donald Trump_
7. [U.S. President Donald Trump's lawyers tell a federal court, in a case alleging negligence and incitement to riot during a 2016 campaign rally in Louisville, Kentucky, that he is "immune from suit because he is President of the United States." A lawyer for the plaintiffs responds that, in ''Clinton v. Jones'', the Supreme Court found the president could be sued for events that occurred before he took office. ](/news/2017/04/15/u-s-president-donald-trump-s-lawyers-tell-a-federal-court-in-a-case-alleging-negligence-and-incitement-to-riot-during-a-2016-campaign-rall.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. Supreme Court_
8. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. Supreme Court_
9. [President Donald Trump has nominated Judge Neil Gorsuch to fill the vacant seat on the Supreme Court of the United States. Neil Gorsuch is the youngest nominee to the court in 25 years. ](/news/2017/01/31/president-donald-trump-has-nominated-judge-neil-gorsuch-to-fill-the-vacant-seat-on-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-neil-gorsuch-is-t.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. Supreme Court_
10. [U.S. President Donald Trump says he and Russian President Vladimir Putin "discussed forming an impenetrable cybersecurity unit so that election hacking, and many other negative things, will be guarded and safe." Trump later says he does not think this will happen. ](/news/2017/07/9/u-s-president-donald-trump-says-he-and-russian-president-vladimir-putin-discussed-forming-an-impenetrable-cybersecurity-unit-so-that-elect.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
