### [2017-06-26](/news/2017/06/26/index.md)

# The United Nations confirms that the FARC has completed its disarmament process, with former rebels due to make the transition to civilian life and the group to transform into a legal political party in the country. 

The disarmament by the roughly 7,000 rebels brings Latin America&#39;s oldest civil conflict close to a formal end.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/06/colombia-farc-rebels-complete-disarmament-170626232629067.html)

### Related:

1. [According to the United Nations, as many as 96 families have been displaced by criminal gangs who are filling the vacuum left by FARC rebels in Colombia after the latter signed a peace deal with the government last year. ](/news/2017/02/18/according-to-the-united-nations-as-many-as-96-families-have-been-displaced-by-criminal-gangs-who-are-filling-the-vacuum-left-by-farc-rebels.md) _Context: FARC, United Nations_
2. [As part of an ongoing peace process, the Congress of Colombia approves an amnesty law for thousands of demobilizing FARC rebels. The amnesty does not apply to FARC rebels who have committed war crimes or human rights violations. ](/news/2016/12/28/as-part-of-an-ongoing-peace-process-the-congress-of-colombia-approves-an-amnesty-law-for-thousands-of-demobilizing-farc-rebels-the-amnesty.md) _Context: Colombian peace process, FARC_
3. [The Congress of Colombia unanimously approves a peace deal between the Government and rebel group FARC to end the Colombian conflict. ](/news/2016/11/30/the-congress-of-colombia-unanimously-approves-a-peace-deal-between-the-government-and-rebel-group-farc-to-end-the-colombian-conflict.md) _Context: Colombian peace process, FARC_
4. [The Colombian government and FARC rebels sign a new peace deal after the failure of the original one. ](/news/2016/11/24/the-colombian-government-and-farc-rebels-sign-a-new-peace-deal-after-the-failure-of-the-original-one.md) _Context: Colombian peace process, FARC_
5. [Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos extends his ceasefire with the FARC rebels through the end of the year. ](/news/2016/10/13/colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-extends-his-ceasefire-with-the-farc-rebels-through-the-end-of-the-year.md) _Context: Colombian peace process, FARC_
6. [Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos and FARC guerrilla leader Rodrigo Londono, also known as Timochenko, sign a peace accord in Cartagena, ending the longest running armed conflict in the Western Hemisphere. The final agreement will be submitted to popular ratification in a referendum on October 2.](/news/2016/09/26/colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-and-farc-guerrilla-leader-rodrigo-londoa-o-also-known-as-timochenko-sign-a-peace-accord-in-cartagen.md) _Context: Colombian peace process, FARC_
7. [The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-122-in-favour-1-abstention-and-1-against-the.md) _Context: United Nations_
8. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
9. [The United Nations Human Rights Council conducts a periodic review of the human rights situation in the Philippines. ](/news/2017/05/8/the-united-nations-human-rights-council-conducts-a-periodic-review-of-the-human-rights-situation-in-the-philippines.md) _Context: United Nations_
10. [Philippine vice president Leni Robredo faces an impeachment charge before the House of Representatives for condemning the country's war on drugs at the United Nations. ](/news/2017/05/2/philippine-vice-president-leni-robredo-faces-an-impeachment-charge-before-the-house-of-representatives-for-condemning-the-country-s-war-on-d.md) _Context: United Nations_
