### [2017-06-26](/news/2017/06/26/index.md)

# Three CNN journalists, Thomas Frank, Eric Lichtblau, and Lex Haris, resign after the publication of a Russia-related article involving President Donald Trump that was retracted. 




### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/cnn-retracts-story-supposed-russian-meeting-48286362)
2. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/erik-wemple/wp/2017/06/26/three-cnn-employees-resign-over-retracted-story-on-russia-ties)

### Related:

1. [CNN is accused of threatening to reveal the personal identity of a Reddit user who made a GIF depicting United States President Donald Trump tackling a man to the ground, with CNN's logo superimposed on the man's face. The GIF was modified and posted on Trump's Twitter feed. ](/news/2017/07/4/cnn-is-accused-of-threatening-to-reveal-the-personal-identity-of-a-reddit-user-who-made-a-gif-depicting-united-states-president-donald-trump.md) _Context: CNN, Donald Trump_
2. [CNN terminates its ''New Year's Eve Live'' contract with Kathy Griffin after she released a photograph of her holding a mock decapitated head of President Donald Trump. ](/news/2017/05/31/cnn-terminates-its-new-year-s-eve-live-contract-with-kathy-griffin-after-she-released-a-photograph-of-her-holding-a-mock-decapitated-hea.md) _Context: CNN, Donald Trump_
3. [CNN announces the September 16, prime time  presidential debate panel.  Carly Fiorina, who had sufficient poll support following the first debate, will join the top 10 leaders, such as Donald Trump, Jeb Bush, Scott Walker, and Ben Carson. The remaining four candidates, Rick Santorum, Bobby Jindal, George Pataki and Lindsey Graham, will appear earlier that evening. Because he did not get sufficient poll numbers, Jim Gilmore is now excluded. ](/news/2015/09/11/cnn-announces-the-september-16-prime-time-presidential-debate-panel-carly-fiorina-who-had-sufficient-poll-support-following-the-first-d.md) _Context: CNN, Donald Trump_
4. [U.S. President Donald Trump says he and Russian President Vladimir Putin "discussed forming an impenetrable cybersecurity unit so that election hacking, and many other negative things, will be guarded and safe." Trump later says he does not think this will happen. ](/news/2017/07/9/u-s-president-donald-trump-says-he-and-russian-president-vladimir-putin-discussed-forming-an-impenetrable-cybersecurity-unit-so-that-elect.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
5. [Leaders from the Group of Twenty come together at the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, including United States President Donald Trump who is set to meet with President of Russia Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2017/07/7/leaders-from-the-group-of-twenty-come-together-at-the-g20-summit-in-hamburg-germany-including-united-states-president-donald-trump-who-is.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
6. [A request by the state of Hawaii to issue an order blocking President Donald Trump's Executive Order 13780 is rejected in the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. ](/news/2017/07/7/a-request-by-the-state-of-hawaii-to-issue-an-order-blocking-president-donald-trump-s-executive-order-13780-is-rejected-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
7. [U.S. President Donald Trump visits Warsaw, where he speaks of defeating radical Islamist terrorism, pledges to uphold the North Atlantic Treaty, and urges Russia to "join the community of responsible nations." ](/news/2017/07/6/u-s-president-donald-trump-visits-warsaw-where-he-speaks-of-defeating-radical-islamist-terrorism-pledges-to-uphold-the-north-atlantic-tre.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
8. [Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-registration-data-from-president-d.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
9. [President Donald Trump claims that James Comey committed perjury during his testimony yesterday, and offers to give his own testimony, "under oath," refuting that he requested Comey to drop the Flynn investigation and that he had asked for Comey's allegence. ](/news/2017/06/9/president-donald-trump-claims-that-james-comey-committed-perjury-during-his-testimony-yesterday-and-offers-to-give-his-own-testimony-unde.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
10. [James Comey, the former FBI Director who was dismissed by President Donald Trump last month, appears before the United States Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. Comey says he believes he was fired because of the FBI investigation into the possible collusion between President Trump's campaign team and Russia's interference in the 2016 elections.](/news/2017/06/8/james-comey-the-former-fbi-director-who-was-dismissed-by-president-donald-trump-last-month-appears-before-the-united-states-senate-select.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
