### [2017-06-26](/news/2017/06/26/index.md)

# Three CNN journalists, Thomas Frank, Eric Lichtblau, and Lex Haris (executive editor in charge of a new investigative unit), resign after the publication of a Russia-related article involving President Donald Trump that was retracted. 




### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/cnn-retracts-story-supposed-russian-meeting-48286362)
2. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com%2Fblogs%2Ferik-wemple%2Fwp%2F2017%2F06%2F26%2Fthree-cnn-employees-resign-over-retracted-story-on-russia-ties%2F&usg=AFQjCNEK6dwp4fxgZCL_Lap8zVdqsrPCOg)

### Related:

1. [James Comey, the former FBI Director who was dismissed by President Donald Trump last month, appears before the United States Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. Comey says he believes he was fired because of the FBI investigation into the possible collusion between President Trump's campaign team and Russia's interference in the 2016 elections.](/news/2017/06/8/james-comey-the-former-fbi-director-who-was-dismissed-by-president-donald-trump-last-month-appears-before-the-united-states-senate-select.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections_
2. [CNN terminates its ''New Year's Eve Live'' contract with Kathy Griffin after she released a photograph of her holding a mock decapitated head of President Donald Trump. ](/news/2017/05/31/cnn-terminates-its-new-year-s-eve-live-contract-with-kathy-griffin-after-she-released-a-photograph-of-her-holding-a-mock-decapitated-hea.md) _Context: CNN, Donald Trump_
3. [CNN announces the September 16, prime time  presidential debate panel.  Carly Fiorina, who had sufficient poll support following the first debate, will join the top 10 leaders, such as Donald Trump, Jeb Bush, Scott Walker, and Ben Carson. The remaining four candidates, Rick Santorum, Bobby Jindal, George Pataki and Lindsey Graham, will appear earlier that evening. Because he did not get sufficient poll numbers, Jim Gilmore is now excluded. ](/news/2015/09/11/cnn-announces-the-september-16-prime-time-presidential-debate-panel-carly-fiorina-who-had-sufficient-poll-support-following-the-first-d.md) _Context: CNN, Donald Trump_
4. [President Donald Trump claims that James Comey committed perjury during his testimony yesterday, and offers to give his own testimony, "under oath," refuting that he requested Comey to drop the Flynn investigation and that he had asked for Comey's allegence. ](/news/2017/06/9/president-donald-trump-claims-that-james-comey-committed-perjury-during-his-testimony-yesterday-and-offers-to-give-his-own-testimony-unde.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
5. [United States president Donald Trump announces lawyer Christopher A. Wray as his nominee to be director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ](/news/2017/06/7/united-states-president-donald-trump-announces-lawyer-christopher-a-wray-as-his-nominee-to-be-director-of-the-federal-bureau-of-investigati.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
6. [After ''The Intercept'' publishes a classified NSA document describing Russian efforts to launch cyberattacks on U.S. voting software suppliers, the United States Department of Justice announces it had brought charges upon Reality Winner, the alleged leaker. ](/news/2017/06/5/after-the-intercept-publishes-a-classified-nsa-document-describing-russian-efforts-to-launch-cyberattacks-on-u-s-voting-software-suppli.md) _Context: Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections_
7. [CNN denies authenticity of footage documenting its employees manufacturing a protest using unrepresentative Muslim actors. ](/news/2017/06/3/cnn-denies-authenticity-of-footage-documenting-its-employees-manufacturing-a-protest-using-unrepresentative-muslim-actors.md) _Context: CNN_
8. [The Supreme Court of the United States partially reinstates President Donald Trump's travel ban and invalidates certain injunctions that were put on the order by two federal appeals courts earlier. Final oral hearings concerning the legality of the Executive Order 13780 will be held in October 2017 at the Supreme Court. ](/news/2017/06/26/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-partially-reinstates-president-donald-trump-s-travel-ban-and-invalidates-certain-injunctions-that-wer.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
9. [United States President Donald Trump plans on adding solar panels to his proposed border wall with Mexico. ](/news/2017/06/22/united-states-president-donald-trump-plans-on-adding-solar-panels-to-his-proposed-border-wall-with-mexico.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
10. [U.S. President Donald Trump clarifies that he did not record any private conversations with former FBI Director James Comey. ](/news/2017/06/22/u-s-president-donald-trump-clarifies-that-he-did-not-record-any-private-conversations-with-former-fbi-director-james-comey.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
