### [2003-11-28](/news/2003/11/28/index.md)

#  Global warming: In a new report, the WWF warned that billions of people may suffer severe water shortages if glaciers, which contain 70 percent of the world's fresh water reserves, continue to melt.




### Related:

1. [The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency announces, effective in 2019, it will no longer sponsor the Climate Leadership Awards program that honors voluntary corporate actions to combat global warming. ](/news/2017/08/25/the-u-s-environmental-protection-agency-announces-effective-in-2019-it-will-no-longer-sponsor-the-climate-leadership-awards-program-that.md) _Context: global warming_
2. [A temperature of 53.7degC (128.7degF) is recorded during the 2017 heat wave in Ahvaz, Khuzestan Province, breaking Iran's previous record and becoming one of the highest temperatures ever recorded on Earth. ](/news/2017/06/30/a-temperature-of-53-7adegc-128-7adegf-is-recorded-during-the-2017-heat-wave-in-ahvaz-khuzestan-province-breaking-iran-s-previous-record-and.md) _Context: global warming_
3. [The World Wildlife Fund reports global populations of tigers, an endangered species, are up about 20 percent over the past six years. This increase in tiger numbers, after declining for a century, was primarily in India, Russia, Nepal, and Bhutan. The third Asian Ministerial Conference on Tiger Conservation starts Monday in New Delhi, India. ](/news/2016/04/10/the-world-wildlife-fund-reports-global-populations-of-tigers-an-endangered-species-are-up-about-20-percent-over-the-past-six-years-this-i.md) _Context: World Wildlife Fund_
4. [A report from the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine states climate science progress makes it possible to accurately detect global warming's fingerprints on certain extreme weather events. There is "high confidence" in studies looking for climate change connections between extreme hot and cold temperatures, while efforts trying to attribute droughts and extreme rainfall has medium confidence. ](/news/2016/03/11/a-report-from-the-national-academies-of-sciences-engineering-and-medicine-states-climate-science-progress-makes-it-possible-to-accurately.md) _Context: global warming_
5. [Scientific studies confirm more than 90 percent of the world's glaciers are retreating, and many of the smaller ones -- like the alpine ice sheets of Glacier National Park in the U.S. -- are rapidly disappearing. On the other side of world, at Khumbu Glacier near Mount Everest in the Himalayas, expanding ponds are merging and forming larger bodies of water. This could threaten settlements downstream if they overflow. Thawing glaciers account for about 20 percent of the sea-level rise recorded in the past century, adding to the meltwater coming from polar ice caps and ice sheets. ](/news/2015/11/27/scientific-studies-confirm-more-than-90-percent-of-the-worldas-glaciers-are-retreating-and-many-of-the-smaller-ones-a-like-the-alpine-i.md) _Context: glacier_
6. [French national public television broadcaster France Televisions fires France 2 TV channel's weatherman Philippe Verdier, who has been suspended since mid-October. Verdier, known as "Monsieur Meteo" (Mr Weather), has been promoting his recently published book, "Climat Investigation" (Climate Investigation), in which he throws doubt on the global warning findings of leading climate scientists and political leaders. France Televisions said its rules, "prevent anyone using their professional status ... to push forward their personal opinions." ](/news/2015/11/2/french-national-public-television-broadcaster-france-ta-c-la-c-visions-fires-france-2-tv-channel-s-weatherman-philippe-verdier-who-has-been-sus.md) _Context: global warming_
7. [A new study by scientists finds that areas around the Persian Gulf could become uninhabitable to humans in less than 100 years due to rising temperatures. ](/news/2015/10/26/a-new-study-by-scientists-finds-that-areas-around-the-persian-gulf-could-become-uninhabitable-to-humans-in-less-than-100-years-due-to-rising.md) _Context: global warming_
8. [Recent climate change would still cause a 6-meter (20-feet) sea-level rise even if greenhouse gas emissions were reduced today per a scientific paper in "Science".](/news/2015/07/14/recent-climate-change-would-still-cause-a-6-meter-20-feet-sea-level-rise-even-if-greenhouse-gas-emissions-were-reduced-today-per-a-scienti.md) _Context: global warming_
9. [New data published independently by NASA and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration show that the global warming trend is continuing. ](/news/2014/01/22/new-data-published-independently-by-nasa-and-the-national-oceanic-and-atmospheric-administration-show-that-the-global-warming-trend-is-conti.md) _Context: global warming_
10. [WWF releases a photo, taken by a camera trap in a forest in central Vietnam in September, of one of Earth's rarest mammals, the saola, which hadn't been seen in 15 years. ](/news/2013/11/13/wwf-releases-a-photo-taken-by-a-camera-trap-in-a-forest-in-central-vietnam-in-september-of-one-of-earth-s-rarest-mammals-the-saola-which.md) _Context: World Wildlife Fund_
