### [2003-11-28](/news/2003/11/28/index.md)

#  ROC referendum, 2004: In Taiwan, a referendum bill written by majority pro-Chinese reunification pan-blue coalition legislators, is passed by the Legislative Yuan. The move is met by opposition from the People's Republic of China as it is seen as a possible route for declaring Taiwan independence, even though the bill blocks referendums on sovereignty issue and changing the official name of the Republic of China.




### Related:

1. [ Four state-owned enterprises of the Republic of China (Taiwan)--Chunghwa Post, the Chinese Petroleum Corporation, the China Shipbuilding Corporation, and the Central Bank of China--change their names to remove "China" from their titles at the request of President Chen Shui-bian. The decision is condemned by the Pan-Blue Coalition, the United States and People's Republic of China as a move towards Taiwan independence. ](/news/2007/02/12/four-state-owned-enterprises-of-the-republic-of-china-taiwan-achunghwa-post-the-chinese-petroleum-corporation-the-china-shipbuilding-c.md) _Context: Taiwan, coalition allies, independence_
2. [ A motion to vote on a bill opening the Three Links between mainland China and Taiwan is defeated for the third time in the Legislative Yuan of the Republic of China when a Democratic Progressive Party lawmaker tries to eat the written cloture motion. The opposition Pan-Blue Coalition controls the legislature and would have likely passed the bill. ](/news/2006/05/30/a-motion-to-vote-on-a-bill-opening-the-three-links-between-mainland-china-and-taiwan-is-defeated-for-the-third-time-in-the-legislative-yuan.md) _Context: Taiwan, coalition allies, legislative chamber_
3. [ President Chen Shui-bian says that the hundreds of missiles the People's Republic of China has aimed at Taiwan justifies holding a referendum on independence. The referendum bill recently passed by the Legislative Yuan only allows votes on sovereignty if the country is attacked by a foreign power. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/3252246.stm]](/news/2003/12/1/president-chen-shui-bian-says-that-the-hundreds-of-missiles-the-people-s-republic-of-china-has-aimed-at-taiwan-justifies-holding-a-referend.md) _Context: Taiwan, independence, legislative chamber_
4. [ Republic of China legislative election, 2008: The Kuomintang (KMT) and its coalition allies win a landslide victory over the Democratic Progressive Party, garnering 86 of 113 seats in the Legislative Yuan. ](/news/2008/01/12/republic-of-china-legislative-election-2008-the-kuomintang-kmt-and-its-coalition-allies-win-a-landslide-victory-over-the-democratic-pro.md) _Context: coalition allies, legislative chamber_
5. [ The Legislative Yuan in Taiwan passes a bill mandating that official documents in Chinese be written from left to right instead of right to left, ending centuries of tradition. ](/news/2004/05/4/the-legislative-yuan-in-taiwan-passes-a-bill-mandating-that-official-documents-in-chinese-be-written-from-left-to-right-instead-of-right-to.md) _Context: Taiwan, legislative chamber_
6. [ ROC presidential election, 2004: Chen Shui-bian's Democratic Progressive Party submits a bill to the Legislative Yuan to allow an immediate recount, per Lien Chan's demand, but the majority Pan-Blue Coalition dismisses it as unnecessary saying the President could just issue an executive order instead. ](/news/2004/03/22/roc-presidential-election-2004-chen-shui-bian-s-democratic-progressive-party-submits-a-bill-to-the-legislative-yuan-to-allow-an-immediate.md) _Context: coalition allies, legislative chamber_
7. [ The Taiwan (ROC)'s pro-independence president, Chen Shui-bian, states that Taiwan may eventually reunify with Mainland China. Nonetheless, Chen rejects the People's Republic of China's "one country, two systems" formula which was applied to Hong Kong and Macau. This is a new step for Chen who, shortly after taking office in 2000, had said unification was just one option--comments widely seen as a push for independence for the island. ](/news/2004/02/16/the-taiwan-roc-s-pro-independence-president-chen-shui-bian-states-that-taiwan-may-eventually-reunify-with-mainland-china-nonetheless.md) _Context: Taiwan, independence_
8. [ ROC Presidential Election 2004: The Kuomintang drops its opposition to holding a referendum on Taiwan independence, a position that has been advocated by President Chen Shui-bian.](/news/2003/11/26/roc-presidential-election-2004-the-kuomintang-drops-its-opposition-to-holding-a-referendum-on-taiwan-independence-a-position-that-has-bee.md) _Context: Taiwan, independence_
9. [ The People's Republic of China expresses firm opposition to US restrictions on imports of textiles (from mainland China) and vows to take the dispute to the WTO. Abandoning tolerance toward Taiwan for the first time since 2000, the PRC threatens to use force and, ultimately, conduct war against Taiwan if it pursues independence. The PRC's state press condemns Taiwanese President Chen Shui-bian's move toward holding a referendum on "independence" and providing the legislative framework for declaring a Republic of Taiwan.](/news/2003/11/19/the-people-s-republic-of-china-expresses-firm-opposition-to-us-restrictions-on-imports-of-textiles-from-mainland-china-and-vows-to-take-t.md) _Context: Taiwan, independence_
10. [ China resumes diplomatic ties with SGBPo Tome and Principe two weeks after the African island nation broke diplomatic ties with Taiwan. ](/news/2016/12/26/china-resumes-diplomatic-ties-with-sagbpo-toma-c-and-prancipe-two-weeks-after-the-african-island-nation-broke-diplomatic-ties-with-taiwan.md) _Context: Taiwan_
