### [2003-11-28](/news/2003/11/28/index.md)

#  Simon Crean announces his resignation as leader of the Australian Labor Party, the main opposition party in Australia. Crean has led the party since November 2001, but has consistently trailed Prime Minister John Howard in opinion polls. Crean becomes the first Labor leader to resign without having fought an election. His successor will be elected at a meeting of the Labor Caucus on 2 December. The candidates will probably be former leader Kim Beazley and finance spokesman Mark Latham. Foreign Affairs spokesman Kevin Rudd may also stand.




### Related:

1. [ Mark Latham is elected to succeed Simon Crean as the new leader of the opposition Australian Labor Party, defeating former leader Kim Beazley by 47 votes to 45. In 2004 Latham will face Liberal Prime Minister John Howard at a general election. [http://www.smh.com.au/articles/2003/12/02/1070127386800.html]](/news/2003/12/2/mark-latham-is-elected-to-succeed-simon-crean-as-the-new-leader-of-the-opposition-australian-labor-party-defeating-former-leader-kim-beazl.md) _Context: John Howard, Kim Beazley, Labor Party, Mark Latham, Simon Crean_
2. [ Kevin Rudd is elected as the new leader of the Federal Australian Labor Party with the caucus electing him by 49 votes to 39 votes for Kim Beazley. Julia Gillard is the new deputy leader. ](/news/2006/12/4/kevin-rudd-is-elected-as-the-new-leader-of-the-federal-australian-labor-party-with-the-caucus-electing-him-by-49-votes-to-39-votes-for-kim.md) _Context: Kevin Rudd, Kim Beazley, Labor Party, caucus_
3. [ Mark Latham, leader of Australia's opposition Labor Party, resigns from his position and from parliament due to ill health. Possible replacements include former deputy prime minister Kim Beazley, shadow foreign minister Kevin Rudd and shadow health minister Julia Gillard. ](/news/2005/01/18/mark-latham-leader-of-australia-s-opposition-labor-party-resigns-from-his-position-and-from-parliament-due-to-ill-health-possible-replac.md) _Context: Kevin Rudd, Kim Beazley, Labor Party, Mark Latham_
4. [The Prime Minister of Australia Julia Gillard calls for a ballot of a caucus of the Australian Labor Party for Monday as a result of the resignation of Foreign Minister Kevin Rudd. ](/news/2012/02/23/the-prime-minister-of-australia-julia-gillard-calls-for-a-ballot-of-a-caucus-of-the-australian-labor-party-for-monday-as-a-result-of-the-res.md) _Context: Kevin Rudd, Labor Party, caucus_
5. [ The national election in Australia results in a change of government, with the Australian Labor Party securing an electoral swing of more than 5%. Kevin Rudd will take office as 26th Prime Minister of Australia and the outgoing Prime Minister John Howard is also likely to lose his seat in parliament. [http://www.theaustralian.news.com.au/story/0,25197,22814923-601,00.html (The Australian)] John Howard calls the leader of the Australian Labor Party, Kevin Rudd, on the phone and concedes defeat. ](/news/2007/11/24/the-national-election-in-australia-results-in-a-change-of-government-with-the-australian-labor-party-securing-an-electoral-swing-of-more-t.md) _Context: John Howard, Kevin Rudd, Labor Party_
6. [ Kim Beazley calls a vote for the leadership of the Federal Australian Labor Party for Monday. He will face a challenge from Kevin Rudd, the Opposition spokesman on foreign affairs. Jenny Macklin faces a challenge from Julia Gillard for the Deputy Leadership. ](/news/2006/12/1/kim-beazley-calls-a-vote-for-the-leadership-of-the-federal-australian-labor-party-for-monday-he-will-face-a-challenge-from-kevin-rudd-the.md) _Context: Kevin Rudd, Kim Beazley, Labor Party_
7. [ Kim Beazley is re-elected to the leadership of the Australian Labor Party unopposed, succeeding Mark Latham, in the fourth leadership change since losing government in 1996. ](/news/2005/01/28/kim-beazley-is-re-elected-to-the-leadership-of-the-australian-labor-party-unopposed-succeeding-mark-latham-in-the-fourth-leadership-chang.md) _Context: Kim Beazley, Labor Party, Mark Latham_
8. [ In Australia, the opposition Labor Party's finance spokesperson, Mark Latham, announces that he will contest the party leadership ballot on 2 December against the former leader Kim Beazley. Press reports place the two candidates at about 40 votes each, with about ten undecided.](/news/2003/11/29/in-australia-the-opposition-labor-party-s-finance-spokesperson-mark-latham-announces-that-he-will-contest-the-party-leadership-ballot-on.md) _Context: Kim Beazley, Labor Party, Mark Latham_
9. [Former Prime Minister Kevin Rudd wins leadership of the Australian Labor Party against incumbent Julia Gillard. ](/news/2013/06/26/former-prime-minister-kevin-rudd-wins-leadership-of-the-australian-labor-party-against-incumbent-julia-gillard.md) _Context: Kevin Rudd, Labor Party_
10. [Several Ministers and Australian Labor Party figures resign or are sacked following a leadership spill including Simon Crean, Martin Ferguson, Chris Bowen, Kim Carr, Richard Marles, Ed Husic and Joel Fitzgibbon. ](/news/2013/03/22/several-ministers-and-australian-labor-party-figures-resign-or-are-sacked-following-a-leadership-spill-including-simon-crean-martin-ferguso.md) _Context: Labor Party, Simon Crean_
