### [2003-11-28](/news/2003/11/28/index.md)

#  The November 28 issue of the journal "Science" reports that the United States is not sufficiently prepared to respond to an influenza pandemic.




### Related:

1. [ Two Harvard scientists report, in the peer-reviewed journal "Science", the first creation of metallic hydrogen in a laboratory, using a diamond anvil cell. Other researchers did not agree with this finding when it was first posted on the arXiv preprint server in October 2016, and have not yet changed their positions. ](/news/2017/01/27/two-harvard-scientists-report-in-the-peer-reviewed-journal-science-the-first-creation-of-metallic-hydrogen-in-a-laboratory-using-a-dia.md) _Context: Science_
2. [Researchers in Iceland report on CarbFix, in the journal "Science", that carbon dioxide emissions can be pumped into the earth and changed chemically to stone &nbsp;-- significantly faster than expected. ](/news/2016/06/9/researchers-in-iceland-report-on-carbfix-in-the-journal-science-that-carbon-dioxide-emissions-can-be-pumped-into-the-earth-and-changed-c.md) _Context: Science_
3. [A report by a team of Japanese scientists, published in the American Association for the Advancement of Science journal "Science", has identified bacteria -- isolated from outside a bottle recycling facility -- that can break down and metabolize plastic. The microbe appears to have evolved a pair of enzymes it uses to break down polyethylene terephthalate or PET, the most common thermoplastic polymer resin in consumer products. ](/news/2016/03/11/a-report-by-a-team-of-japanese-scientists-published-in-the-american-association-for-the-advancement-of-science-journal-science-has-ident.md) _Context: Science_
4. ["Science" publishes a series of papers on biodiversity in the deep sea, including tens of thousands of single-celled organisms most of which had not been previously identified. ](/news/2015/05/22/science-publishes-a-series-of-papers-on-biodiversity-in-the-deep-sea-including-tens-of-thousands-of-single-celled-organisms-most-of-which.md) _Context: Science_
5. [According to former U.S. President Jimmy Carter, the flu causes his Vice President, Walter Mondale, 87, to be hospitalized at the famed Mayo Clinic, in Rochester, Minnesota. ](/news/2015/03/7/according-to-former-u-s-president-jimmy-carter-the-flu-causes-his-vice-president-walter-mondale-87-to-be-hospitalized-at-the-famed-mayo.md) _Context: flu_
6. [43 US states report an epidemic of influenza, with 21 confirmed deaths. ](/news/2015/01/6/43-us-states-report-an-epidemic-of-influenza-with-21-confirmed-deaths.md) _Context: flu_
7. [The CDC reports that for the US flu season cases are early and pervasive being widespread in 29 states, especially the South and Midwest. ](/news/2014/12/19/the-cdc-reports-that-for-the-us-flu-season-cases-are-early-and-pervasive-being-widespread-in-29-states-especially-the-south-and-midwest.md) _Context: flu_
8. [Studies published in "Geophysical Research Letters" and "Science" find that the West Antarctic ice sheet is potentially irrevocably melting. ](/news/2014/05/13/studies-published-in-geophysical-research-letters-and-science-find-that-the-west-antarctic-ice-sheet-is-potentially-irrevocably-melting.md) _Context: Science_
9. [A cluster of mysterious and serious respiratory illnesses that affected Southeast Alabama and killed 2 people was nothing more than the ordinary common cold, mostly rhinovirus, and seasonal influenza A. ](/news/2013/05/23/a-cluster-of-mysterious-and-serious-respiratory-illnesses-that-affected-southeast-alabama-and-killed-2-people-was-nothing-more-than-the-ordi.md) _Context: flu_
10. [The confirmation of the existence of a subatomic particle known as the Higgs boson is named as 2012 Breakthrough of the Year by the "Science" magazine. ](/news/2012/12/30/the-confirmation-of-the-existence-of-a-subatomic-particle-known-as-the-higgs-boson-is-named-as-2012-breakthrough-of-the-year-by-the-science.md) _Context: Science_
