### [2003-11-28](/news/2003/11/28/index.md)

#  War on Terrorism: A terrorism expert with access to intelligence on Al-Qaeda says the group wants to launch a catastrophic attack in the United States.




### Related:

1. [ The United States Department of State's annual report on terrorism states that al-Qaeda "has reconstituted some of its pre-9/11 operational capabilities" in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan. ](/news/2008/04/30/the-united-states-department-of-state-s-annual-report-on-terrorism-states-that-al-qaeda-has-reconstituted-some-of-its-pre-9-11-operational.md) _Context: War on Terrorism, al-Qaeda, terrorism_
2. [ War on Terrorism - Canal Hotel: US officials comment terror group linked to al Qaeda, Ansar al-Islam, is emerging as a top suspect in the U.N. headquarters bombing in Baghdad. "It's part of a global war against terrorism that was officially declared on us on September 11. It's quite clear we do have terrorists inside Iraq now."](/news/2003/08/20/war-on-terrorism-a-canal-hotel-us-officials-comment-terror-group-linked-to-al-qaeda-ansar-al-islam-is-emerging-as-a-top-suspect-in-the.md) _Context: War on Terrorism, al-Qaeda, terrorism_
3. [ War on Terrorism: Arab television airs an audio tape allegedly from al Qaeda official Abdel Rahman al-Najdi saying Osama bin Laden and Taliban chief Mullah Omar are alive. The tape advocates Muslims to commit terroristic acts and fight the Coalition forces in Iraq.](/news/2003/08/18/war-on-terrorism-arab-television-airs-an-audio-tape-allegedly-from-al-qaeda-official-abdel-rahman-al-najdi-saying-osama-bin-laden-and-tali.md) _Context: War on Terrorism, al-Qaeda, terrorism_
4. [ War on Terrorism: "The Sunday Times" reports that Al-Qaeda terrorists have infiltrated Iraq from surrounding Arab countries and have aligned themselves with former intelligence agents of Saddam Hussein to fight the Coalition forces. Their attacks have killed Coalition soldiers and Iraqi police officers, among others.](/news/2003/08/10/war-on-terrorism-the-sunday-times-reports-that-al-qaeda-terrorists-have-infiltrated-iraq-from-surrounding-arab-countries-and-have-aligne.md) _Context: War on Terrorism, al-Qaeda, terrorism_
5. [ The Pentagon rejects a Russian proposal to stage joint airstrikes against Al-Qaeda linked groups in Syria. ](/news/2016/05/21/the-pentagon-rejects-a-russian-proposal-to-stage-joint-airstrikes-against-al-qaeda-linked-groups-in-syria.md) _Context: War on Terrorism, al-Qaeda_
6. [Interpol places 47 Saudis on its most-wanted list after Saudi Arabia accuses them of involvement in the Al-Qaeda terror network. ](/news/2011/01/10/interpol-places-47-saudis-on-its-most-wanted-list-after-saudi-arabia-accuses-them-of-involvement-in-the-al-qaeda-terror-network.md) _Context: al-Qaeda, terrorism_
7. [Nine people go on trial charged with terrorism and links to al-Qaeda in Belgium. ](/news/2010/03/8/nine-people-go-on-trial-charged-with-terrorism-and-links-to-al-qaeda-in-belgium.md) _Context: al-Qaeda, terrorism_
8. [ Rangzieb Ahmed, the highest-ranked al-Qaeda operative in the United Kingdom, becomes the first person convicted of the charge of directing terrorism. ](/news/2008/12/19/rangzieb-ahmed-the-highest-ranked-al-qaeda-operative-in-the-united-kingdom-becomes-the-first-person-convicted-of-the-charge-of-directing.md) _Context: al-Qaeda, terrorism_
9. [ Chenagai airstrike: Pakistani helicopter gunships fired missiles and destroyed an al-Qaeda-linked training facility and killed 80 suspected terrorists in a northwestern tribal area near the Afghan border, in a madrassa near the town of Khar. ](/news/2006/10/30/chenagai-airstrike-pakistani-helicopter-gunships-fired-missiles-and-destroyed-an-al-qaeda-linked-training-facility-and-killed-80-suspected.md) _Context: al-Qaeda, terrorism_
10. [ The Islamic Commission of Spain, that country's largest Muslim group, issues a fatwa against al-Qaeda leader Osama Bin Ladin, ruling that his actions have made him an apostate, that he should not be regarded as a Muslim, and that his claim that the Qur'an justifies his terrorist actions constitutes istihlal, the sin of making up one's own law. It is claimed to be the first fatwa to be pronounced against Bin Ladin, and to have the tacit support of Muslim leaders in several Islamic countries. ](/news/2005/03/10/the-islamic-commission-of-spain-that-country-s-largest-muslim-group-issues-a-fatwa-against-al-qaeda-leader-osama-bin-ladin-ruling-that-h.md) _Context: al-Qaeda, terrorism_
