### [2004-06-26](/news/2004/06/26/index.md)

#  Czech Prime Minister Vladimir Spidla resigns after narrowly surviving a vote of no confidence. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/3842911.stm)

### Related:

1. [ The Czech coalition government agrees to form a new cabinet. Jan Kohout is expected to succeed Stanislav Gross as the new prime minister. ](/news/2005/04/14/the-czech-coalition-government-agrees-to-form-a-new-cabinet-jan-kohout-is-expected-to-succeed-stanislav-gross-as-the-new-prime-minister.md) _Context: Czech Republic, Prime Minister_
2. [ Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe: Following talks with Prime Minister Vladimir Spidla on the draft European Union constitution and the Czech Republic's position on the document, the Czech President Vaclav Klaus decides not to travel to Rome and attend the forthcoming intergovernmental conference.](/news/2003/10/1/treaty-establishing-a-constitution-for-europe-following-talks-with-prime-minister-vladimar-a-pidla-on-the-draft-european-union-constituti.md) _Context: Czech Republic, Vladimir Spidla_
3. [ Extreme weather: The death toll in Europe caused by flooding has risen to at least 74, with 58 deaths in Russia, 3 in Germany, 3 in Austria, and one in the Czech Republic. Prime Minister Vladimir Spidla declared a state of emergency in Prague, Bohemia, Plzen and Karlovy Vary. All shipping on the Danube has been halted. Premier Silvio Berlusconi approved $50 million in emergency aid in response to the $300 million in damage of northern Italy's crops.](/news/2002/08/12/extreme-weather-the-death-toll-in-europe-caused-by-flooding-has-risen-to-at-least-74-with-58-deaths-in-russia-3-in-germany-3-in-austria.md) _Context: Czech Republic, Vladimir Spidla_
4. [The parliament of Papua New Guinea re-elects Peter O'Neill as Prime Minister, ending a chaotic election campaign marred by violence, which analysts fear may continue amid widespread voter unrest. ](/news/2017/08/2/the-parliament-of-papua-new-guinea-re-elects-peter-o-neill-as-prime-minister-ending-a-chaotic-election-campaign-marred-by-violence-which-a.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
5. [The Chamber of Deputies of the Czech Republic passes a Czech Social Democratic Party-proposed amendment to the constitution, giving citizens the right to acquire, possess and carry firearms for the purpose of security. The constitutional amendment will now go to the Senate, where it is expected to pass. ](/news/2017/06/29/the-chamber-of-deputies-of-the-czech-republic-passes-a-czech-social-democratic-party-proposed-amendment-to-the-constitution-giving-citizens.md) _Context: Czech Republic_
6. [British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to "The New York Times". British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connection-with-monday-s-manchester-bombing-attack-for-most-of-the-day.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
7. [ Czech Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka has announced that he will submit his government's resignation because of a disagreement with Finance Minister Andrej Babis. ](/news/2017/05/2/czech-prime-minister-bohuslav-sobotka-has-announced-that-he-will-submit-his-government-s-resignation-because-of-a-disagreement-with-finance.md) _Context: Czech Republic_
8. [Czech police announce the arrest of a man at a Prague hotel two weeks ago who they claim is a Russian hacker suspected of targeting the U.S. ](/news/2016/10/19/czech-police-announce-the-arrest-of-a-man-at-a-prague-hotel-two-weeks-ago-who-they-claim-is-a-russian-hacker-suspected-of-targeting-the-u-s.md) _Context: Czech Republic_
9. [ Six people are hurt as an unknown assailant fires shots at a Czech tourist bus on the A7 autoroute near Saulce-sur-Rhone in southeastern France. ](/news/2016/06/5/six-people-are-hurt-as-an-unknown-assailant-fires-shots-at-a-czech-tourist-bus-on-the-a7-autoroute-near-saulce-sur-rha-ne-in-southeastern-f.md) _Context: Czech Republic_
10. [Czech Minister of the Interior Milan Chovanec says that authorities in Prague will send a group of 25 Iraqi Christians back to Iraq after they tried to move to Germany rather than staying in the Czech Republic. The refugees were on their way to Germany via bus before being stopped at the border. Czech authorities agreed to a request by the German police to take the people back. Chovanec said the 25 Iraqis abused Czech generosity and should go back to Iraq within seven days. ](/news/2016/04/3/czech-minister-of-the-interior-milan-chovanec-says-that-authorities-in-prague-will-send-a-group-of-25-iraqi-christians-back-to-iraq-after-th.md) _Context: Czech Republic_
