### [2014-07-7](/news/2014/07/7/index.md)

# Iraqi insurgency (post-U.S. withdrawal). Sittings of the Council of Representatives of Iraq are postponed for five weeks as Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant forces kill an Iraqi Army general on the outskirts of Baghdad. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/07/07/us-iraq-security-idUSKBN0FC1Q820140707)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for a suicide bomb attack on a Iraqi Army base (Camp Speicher, now known as Tikrit Air Academy), near the town of Tikrit, north of Baghdad, that killed at least 15 and injured 22. ](/news/2016/01/3/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility-for-a-suicide-bomb-attack-on-a-iraqi-army-b.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Army, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
2. [Iraqi insurgency (post-U.S. withdrawal). The United Nations Security Council meets to discuss the rapid progress of an Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant offensive towards Baghdad. ](/news/2014/06/12/iraqi-insurgency-post-u-s-withdrawal-the-united-nations-security-council-meets-to-discuss-the-rapid-progress-of-an-islamic-state-of-iraq.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi insurgency (post-U.S. withdrawal), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
3. [Iraqi Civil War. Al-Faqma ice cream parlor bombing. A car bomb explosion outside a popular ice cream parlor in central Baghdad kills 13 people and injures 24. ISIL claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/05/30/iraqi-civil-war-al-faqma-ice-cream-parlor-bombing-a-car-bomb-explosion-outside-a-popular-ice-cream-parlor-in-central-baghdad-kills-13-peop.md) _Context: Baghdad, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
4. [Foreign involvement in the Syrian Civil War. The Iraqi Air Force strikes ISIL targets inside Syria for the first time in response to recent bombings in Baghdad. ](/news/2017/02/24/foreign-involvement-in-the-syrian-civil-war-the-iraqi-air-force-strikes-isil-targets-inside-syria-for-the-first-time-in-response-to-recent.md) _Context: Baghdad, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). A car bomb explodes in a Shi'ite neighbourhood in Baghdad, killing at least 48 people. ISIL claimed responsibility for the bombing. ](/news/2017/02/16/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-a-car-bomb-explodes-in-a-shi-ite-neighbourhood-in-baghdad-killing-at-least-48-people-isil-claimed-respon.md) _Context: Baghdad, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Battle of Mosul (2016-17). The Iraqi Army announces the liberation of the eastern part of Mosul following the collapse of ISIL defenses. ](/news/2017/01/18/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-battle-of-mosul-2016-17-the-iraqi-army-announces-the-liberation-of-the-eastern-part-of-mosul-followin.md) _Context: Iraqi Army, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [Iraqi civil war. Twin suicide bombings at the Nakheel Mall in eastern Baghdad kill 12 people and injure more than 40 others. ISIL claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/09/9/iraqi-civil-war-twin-suicide-bombings-at-the-nakheel-mall-in-eastern-baghdad-kill-12-people-and-injure-more-than-40-others-isil-claims-res.md) _Context: Baghdad, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [Iraqi Civil War. Twin bombings in a pair of crowded commercial areas in Baghdad kill at least 125 people. ISIL claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/07/3/iraqi-civil-war-twin-bombings-in-a-pair-of-crowded-commercial-areas-in-baghdad-kill-at-least-125-people-isil-claims-responsibility.md) _Context: Baghdad, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [Iraqi Civil War. Military intervention against ISIL. At least 21 are killed and more than 35 people injured in a suicide attack at one of the residential entrances to district Kadhimiyah, in northern Baghdad, Iraq. ISIL claims responsibility, as published in its official media. [http://edition.cnn.com/2016/07/24/middleeast/iraq-baghdad-suicide-bombing-isis/ (CNN) ] [http://www.iraqinews.com/iraq-war/isis-claims-responsibility-for-kadhimiya-bombing/ (Iraqi News) ]](/news/2016/07/24/iraqi-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-at-least-21-are-killed-and-more-than-35-people-injured-in-a-suicide-attack-at-one-of-th.md) _Context: Baghdad, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). According to reports, at least 250 ISIL militants were killed during fighting in the city of Fallujah while fighting Iraqi Army forces with assistance from U.S. airstrikes. ](/news/2016/06/30/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-according-to-reports-at-least-250-isil-militants-were-killed-during-fighting-in-the-city-of-fallujah-whil.md) _Context: Iraqi Army, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
