### [2014-07-7](/news/2014/07/7/index.md)

# Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades, the military wing of Hamas claims responsibility for the over 80 rockets fired into southern Israel Monday evening; the Israeli Air Force carries out overnight airstrikes killing nine Palestinian militants. In response to escalating rocket fire, the Israel Defense Forces calls up 1,500 reservists as southern towns declare a state of emergency.  

More than 85 rockets fired on Monday; Hamas claims responsibility for some of launches; IDF to call up 1,500 reserve soldiers.


### Source:

1. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/news/diplomacy-defense/1.603472?utm_source=dlvr.it&utm_medium=twitter)
2. [Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Middle-East/Hamas-claims-responsibility-for-rocket-fire-on-Israel-361830)

### Related:

1. [The Israel Defense Forces Advocate General has announced criminal investigations into three more incidents from Operation Protective Edge.  Of the 190 incidents reported to the IDF, investigations have been completed on 105, with seven leading to criminal investigations. ](/news/2015/06/12/the-israel-defense-forces-advocate-general-has-announced-criminal-investigations-into-three-more-incidents-from-operation-protective-edge.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Operation Protective Edge_
2. [Israel agrees to a two hour ceasefire in Shuja'iyya neighbourhood in the Gaza Strip at the request of the Red Cross iafter a heavy firefight caused the death of more than 74 Palestinians and 13 Israel Defense Forces soldiers. ](/news/2014/07/20/israel-agrees-to-a-two-hour-ceasefire-in-shuja-iyya-neighbourhood-in-the-gaza-strip-at-the-request-of-the-red-cross-uafter-a-heavy-firefigh.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Operation Protective Edge_
3. [Operation Protective Edge:Israel Defense Forces special forces raid a missile launch site in the Gaza Strip and destroy it. ](/news/2014/07/13/operation-protective-edge-pisrael-defense-forces-special-forces-raid-a-missile-launch-site-in-the-gaza-strip-and-destroy-it.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Operation Protective Edge_
4. [Operation Protective Edge:The death toll in the Gaza Strip since the beginning of Israeli air strikes reaches 120. The IAF has performed over 1,300 airstrikes since the beginning of the operation. ](/news/2014/07/12/operation-protective-edge-pthe-death-toll-in-the-gaza-strip-since-the-beginning-of-israeli-air-strikes-reaches-120-the-iaf-has-performed-ov.md) _Context: Israeli Air Force, Operation Protective Edge_
5. [The Israeli Air Force attacks a training site of the Palestinian militant group Al Qassam brigades in the southern part of Gaza City in response to a rocket launched from the Gaza Strip at the Israeli southern communities in the Sdot Negev Regional Council in the southern district of Israel. Palestinians reported that three people were killed in the attack and three were wounded. ](/news/2011/03/16/the-israeli-air-force-attacks-a-training-site-of-the-palestinian-militant-group-al-qassam-brigades-in-the-southern-part-of-gaza-city-in-resp.md) _Context: Israeli Air Force, Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades_
6. [Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu cancels a visit with the foreign minister of Germany Sigmar Gabriel after the latter's refusal to cancel a meeting with the Israel Defense Forces veterans NGO Breaking the Silence saying the group "slanders IDF soldiers as war criminals"](/news/2017/04/25/prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-cancels-a-visit-with-the-foreign-minister-of-germany-sigmar-gabriel-after-the-latter-s-refusal-t.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces_
7. [The Israeli Air Force resumes bombing against suspected Hezbollah-related targets in Syria, with a fourth round of bombings occurring near military sites near Damascus. ](/news/2017/03/22/the-israeli-air-force-resumes-bombing-against-suspected-hezbollah-related-targets-in-syria-with-a-fourth-round-of-bombings-occurring-near-m.md) _Context: Israeli Air Force_
8. [An Israeli Army tank kills a Palestinian teenager and wounds two others near the Gaza border. ](/news/2017/03/22/an-israeli-army-tank-kills-a-palestinian-teenager-and-wounds-two-others-near-the-gaza-border.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces_
9. [The Syrian Army shoots down an Israel Defense Forces (IDF) Skylark drone over Syria's Quneitra Governorate. ](/news/2017/03/20/the-syrian-army-shoots-down-an-israel-defense-forces-idf-skylark-drone-over-syria-s-quneitra-governorate.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces_
10. [The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-israeli-air-force-launches-several-airstrikes-on-targets-inside-syria-and-for-the-first-time-publicly-claims-responsibility-syrian-ai.md) _Context: Israeli Air Force_
