### [2014-07-7](/news/2014/07/7/index.md)

# The alliance between the Israel's right-wing parties Likud and Yisrael Beiteinu is dissolved, reducing the ruling party's share of seats in the Knesset to just 20 out of 120. 

FM says &#8216;essential&#8217; differences with Netanyahu behind decision; move shrinks PM&#8217;s Knesset faction from 31 seats to just 20


### Source:

1. [Times of Israel](http://www.timesofisrael.com/likud-yisrael-beytenu-to-sever-joint-knesset-list/)

### Related:

1. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu asks Yisrael Beiteinu party leader and former Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman to be Defense Minister. Current defense minister and former army chief of staff Moshe Ya'alon's role in the future government is unclear. Leiberman is known for his hawkish and uncompromising views. ](/news/2016/05/19/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-asks-yisrael-beiteinu-party-leader-and-former-foreign-minister-avigdor-lieberman-to-be-defense-min.md) _Context: Israel, Yisrael Beiteinu_
2. [Israel's Supreme Court blocks the government's plan, signed last December by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu with the U.S. Noble Energy and the Israeli Delek Group companies, to develop Israel's offshore gas deposits. The court found the so-called "stability clause," that would prevent Israel from making significant regulatory changes for the next 10 years, undemocratically restricts the Knesset's power. The government has one year to come up with an alternative arrangement or the plan will be canceled. ](/news/2016/03/27/israel-s-supreme-court-blocks-the-government-s-plan-signed-last-december-by-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-with-the-u-s-noble-energy-an.md) _Context: Israel, parliament in Israel_
3. [Israeli Vice Prime Minister Silvan Shalom (Likud party) resigns because of allegations he sexually harassed several women during his career. Israel's attorney general has started an investigation of Shalom, who also resigned his Interior Minister position and Knesset seat. ](/news/2015/12/21/israeli-vice-prime-minister-silvan-shalom-likud-party-resigns-because-of-allegations-he-sexually-harassed-several-women-during-his-career.md) _Context: Israel, Likud_
4. [The Likud party, led by incumbent Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, wins the most seats in the Knesset, winning 30 out of 120 seats. If asked by the President to form a government, Netanyahu will become the first Prime Minister to serve a fourth term. ](/news/2015/03/17/the-likud-party-led-by-incumbent-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-wins-the-most-seats-in-the-knesset-winning-30-out-of-120-seats-if-ask.md) _Context: Likud, parliament in Israel_
5. [The Israeli Knesset votes to dissolve itself with new elections called for March 17. ](/news/2014/12/8/the-israeli-knesset-votes-to-dissolve-itself-with-new-elections-called-for-march-17.md) _Context: Israel, parliament in Israel_
6. [The Israeli parliament- the Knesset votes to dissolve the government and hold early election on March 17. ](/news/2014/12/3/the-israeli-parliament-the-knesset-votes-to-dissolve-the-government-and-hold-early-election-on-march-17.md) _Context: Israel, parliament in Israel_
7. [Former Prime Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, is buried on his ranch in southern Israel following a state funeral at the Knesset attended by foreign dignitaries and Israelis. ](/news/2014/01/14/former-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-is-buried-on-his-ranch-in-southern-israel-following-a-state-funeral-at-the-knesset-attended-b.md) _Context: Israel, parliament in Israel_
8. [The Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu forms a coalition between his Likud party and the Centrist Yesh Atid, rightist Jewish Home and leftist Hatnuah parties. ](/news/2013/03/15/the-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-forms-a-coalition-between-his-likud-party-and-the-centrist-yesh-atid-rightist-jewish-home-a.md) _Context: Israel, Likud_
9. [Israeli Prime Minister and Likud chairman Benjamin Netanyahu and the Israeli Foreign Minister and Yisrael Beiteinu chairman Avigdor Lieberman announce the unification of their two parties which will run as a single bloc for the upcoming election to be held in January 2013; the joint party will be called "Likud Beiteinu" ("The Likud Is Our Home") and Netanyahu will be number 1 on the list, followed by Liberman who will be number 2 on the list. ](/news/2012/10/25/israeli-prime-minister-and-likud-chairman-benjamin-netanyahu-and-the-israeli-foreign-minister-and-yisrael-beiteinu-chairman-avigdor-lieberma.md) _Context: Likud, Yisrael Beiteinu_
10. [In anticipation of upcoming elections, the Israeli Knesset has been unanimously dissolved. ](/news/2012/10/16/in-anticipation-of-upcoming-elections-the-israeli-knesset-has-been-unanimously-dissolved.md) _Context: Israel, parliament in Israel_
