### [2009-10-18](/news/2009/10/18/index.md)

#  Jenson Button wins the 2009 Formula One World Championship in Interlagos, SGBPo Paulo, Brazil, by finishing fifth in the 2009 Brazilian Grand Prix.




### Related:

1. [2015-16 protests in Brazil. Clashes erupt outside the presidential palace in Brazil's capital Brasilia between anti-Workers' Party protesters and supporters of ex-president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva, where he was due to be sworn in as President of Brazil Dilma Rousseff's chief of staff. Hundreds of anti-government protesters calling for Rousseff's impeachment and Lula's arrest also blocked the central Paulista Avenue in SGBPo Paulo, Brazil's largest city and economic hub. ](/news/2016/03/17/2015-16-protests-in-brazil-clashes-erupt-outside-the-presidential-palace-in-brazil-s-capital-brasalia-between-anti-workers-party-protes.md) _Context: Brazil, SGBPo Paulo_
2. [2016 SGBPo Paulo flood and mudslide. At least 15 people are killed by flooding and mudslides in and around SGBPo Paulo, Brazil, following heavy rain. ](/news/2016/03/11/2016-sagbpo-paulo-flood-and-mudslide-at-least-15-people-are-killed-by-flooding-and-mudslides-in-and-around-sagbpo-paulo-brazil-following.md) _Context: Brazil, SGBPo Paulo_
3. [Two people die after a crane collapses in the Arena Corinthians in the Brazilian city SGBPo Paulo which is due to host the opening ceremony of the 2014 World Cup. Parts of the grandstands also collapse. ](/news/2013/11/27/two-people-die-after-a-crane-collapses-in-the-arena-corinthians-in-the-brazilian-city-sagbpo-paulo-which-is-due-to-host-the-opening-ceremony.md) _Context: Brazil, SGBPo Paulo_
4. [Fernando Haddad is elected mayor of SGBPo Paulo, giving the governing Workers' Party control of Brazil's financial capital and biggest city. ](/news/2012/10/29/fernando-haddad-is-elected-mayor-of-sagbpo-paulo-giving-the-governing-workers-party-control-of-brazil-s-financial-capital-and-biggest-city.md) _Context: Brazil, SGBPo Paulo_
5. [Armed attackers attempt to carjack Formula One World Champion Jensen Button in SGBPo Paulo as he was returning from practice for the Brazilian Grand Prix at Interlagos. ](/news/2010/11/6/armed-attackers-attempt-to-carjack-formula-one-world-champion-jensen-button-in-sagbpo-paulo-as-he-was-returning-from-practice-for-the-brazil.md) _Context: Formula One, SGBPo Paulo_
6. [A fire at the Butantan Institute in SGBPo Paulo, Brazil, destroys its entire collection of preserved snakes-the world's largest-and nearly half a million arachnid specimens, including many novel and yet-unclassified species. ](/news/2010/05/15/a-fire-at-the-butantan-institute-in-sagbpo-paulo-brazil-destroys-its-entire-collection-of-preserved-snakes-the-world-s-largest-and-nea.md) _Context: Brazil, SGBPo Paulo_
7. [Spaniard Fernando Alonso wins the 2010 Bahrain Grand Prix Formula One race; Brazilian Felipe Massa comes in second. ](/news/2010/03/14/spaniard-fernando-alonso-wins-the-2010-bahrain-grand-prix-formula-one-race-brazilian-felipe-massa-comes-in-second.md) _Context: Brazil, Formula One_
8. [ Jenson Button of Brawn GP wins Formula One's 2009 Australian Grand Prix. ](/news/2009/03/29/jenson-button-of-brawn-gp-wins-formula-one-s-2009-australian-grand-prix.md) _Context: Formula One, Jenson Button_
9. [ The roof of the Born Again in Christ Church in SGBPo Paulo, Brazil, collapses, killing nine worshippers and injuring more than one hundred others. ](/news/2009/01/18/the-roof-of-the-born-again-in-christ-church-in-sagbpo-paulo-brazil-collapses-killing-nine-worshippers-and-injuring-more-than-one-hundred.md) _Context: Brazil, SGBPo Paulo_
10. [ TAM Linhas Aereas Flight 3054 carrying 186 people crashes in Congonhas International Airport, SGBPo Paulo, Brazil. The death toll is estimated to be at least 200 people. ](/news/2007/07/17/tam-linhas-aa-c-reas-flight-3054-carrying-186-people-crashes-in-congonhas-international-airport-sagbpo-paulo-brazil-the-death-toll-is-esti.md) _Context: Brazil, SGBPo Paulo_
