### [2009-10-18](/news/2009/10/18/index.md)

#  Jenson Button wins the 2009 Formula One World Championship in Interlagos, Sao Paulo, Brazil, by finishing fifth in the 2009 Brazilian Grand Prix.




### Related:

1. [Clashes erupt outside the presidential palace in Brazil's capital Brasilia between anti-Workers' Party protesters and supporters of ex-president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva, where he was due to be sworn in as President of Brazil Dilma Rousseff's chief of staff. Hundreds of anti-government protesters calling for Rousseff's impeachment and Lula's arrest also blocked the central Paulista Avenue in Sao Paulo, Brazil's largest city and economic hub. ](/news/2016/03/17/clashes-erupt-outside-the-presidential-palace-in-brazil-s-capital-brasalia-between-anti-workers-party-protesters-and-supporters-of-ex-pres.md) _Context: Brazil, Sao Paulo_
2. [At least 15 people are killed by flooding and mudslides in and around Sao Paulo, Brazil, following heavy rain. ](/news/2016/03/11/at-least-15-people-are-killed-by-flooding-and-mudslides-in-and-around-sapso-paulo-brazil-following-heavy-rain.md) _Context: Brazil, Sao Paulo_
3. [Two people die after a crane collapses in the Arena Corinthians in the Brazilian city Sao Paulo which is due to host the opening ceremony of the 2014 World Cup. Parts of the grandstands also collapse. ](/news/2013/11/27/two-people-die-after-a-crane-collapses-in-the-arena-corinthians-in-the-brazilian-city-sapso-paulo-which-is-due-to-host-the-opening-ceremony-o.md) _Context: Brazil, Sao Paulo_
4. [The draw for the 2013 FIFA Confederations Cup is held at the Anhembi Convention Center in Sao Paulo, Brazil. Title holders Brazil will face Japan, Mexico, Italy in Group A while World Champions Spain will play Uruguay, Tahiti and the 2013 African Champion in Group B. ](/news/2012/12/1/the-draw-for-the-2013-fifa-confederations-cup-is-held-at-the-anhembi-convention-center-in-sapso-paulo-brazil-title-holders-brazil-will-face.md) _Context: Brazil, Sao Paulo_
5. [In Formula One, Sebastian Vettel wins the 2012 Championship for the third consecutive year with sixth place in the Brazilian GP, which was won by Jenson Button. ](/news/2012/11/25/in-formula-one-sebastian-vettel-wins-the-2012-championship-for-the-third-consecutive-year-with-sixth-place-in-the-brazilian-gp-which-was-w.md) _Context: Formula One, Jenson Button_
6. [Fernando Haddad is elected mayor of Sao Paulo, giving the governing Workers' Party control of Brazil's financial capital and biggest city. ](/news/2012/10/29/fernando-haddad-is-elected-mayor-of-sapso-paulo-giving-the-governing-workers-party-control-of-brazil-s-financial-capital-and-biggest-city.md) _Context: Brazil, Sao Paulo_
7. [Armed attackers attempt to carjack Formula One World Champion Jensen Button in Sao Paulo as he was returning from practice for the Brazilian Grand Prix at Interlagos. ](/news/2010/11/6/armed-attackers-attempt-to-carjack-formula-one-world-champion-jensen-button-in-sapso-paulo-as-he-was-returning-from-practice-for-the-brazilia.md) _Context: Formula One, Sao Paulo_
8. [A fire at the Butantan Institute in Sao Paulo, Brazil, destroys its entire collection of preserved snakes--the world's largest--and nearly half a million arachnid specimens, including many novel and yet-unclassified species. ](/news/2010/05/15/a-fire-at-the-butantan-institute-in-sapso-paulo-brazil-destroys-its-entire-collection-of-preserved-snakesathe-world-s-largestaand-nearl.md) _Context: Brazil, Sao Paulo_
9. [Spaniard Fernando Alonso wins the 2010 Bahrain Grand Prix Formula One race; Brazilian Felipe Massa comes in second.  ](/news/2010/03/14/spaniard-fernando-alonso-wins-the-2010-bahrain-grand-prix-formula-one-race-brazilian-felipe-massa-comes-in-second.md) _Context: Brazil, Formula One_
10. [ Jenson Button of Brawn GP wins Formula One's 2009 Australian Grand Prix. ](/news/2009/03/29/jenson-button-of-brawn-gp-wins-formula-one-s-2009-australian-grand-prix.md) _Context: Formula One, Jenson Button_
