### [2001-01-28](/news/2001/01/28/index.md)

#  Super Bowl XXXV at Raymond James Stadium in Tampa, Florida: Baltimore Ravens defeats the New York Giants, 34-7.




### Related:

1. [The National Hurricane Center declares a hurricane watch and tropical storm warning from the Anclote River, north of Tampa, to Destin, Florida, near the Georgia border.  Hermine, now at 45 mph (75 km), is expected to reach hurricane strength when it makes landfall Thursday afternoon. Florida Governor Rick Scott, with life-threatening flooding forecast, declares a state of emergency.  ](/news/2016/08/31/the-national-hurricane-center-declares-a-hurricane-watch-and-tropical-storm-warning-from-the-anclote-river-north-of-tampa-to-destin-flori.md) _Context: Tampa_
2. [A group of United States mayors forms ''"Mayors Against Discrimination"'' in the wake of  recent discriminatory laws enacted  in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminatory-laws-enacted-in-north-carol.md) _Context: Tampa_
3. [In Tampa, Florida, former University of South Florida football player Elkino Watson is killed and Desmon Watson, another former player, is injured after an early morning stabbing after an argument broke out outside a nightclub in Ybor City. ](/news/2015/09/6/in-tampa-florida-former-university-of-south-florida-football-player-elkino-watson-is-killed-and-desmon-watson-another-former-player-is-i.md) _Context: Tampa_
4. [A retired police officer shoots a man dead and minorly wounds his wife after an argument about the victim texting in a Tampa, Florida cinema.  ](/news/2014/01/13/a-retired-police-officer-shoots-a-man-dead-and-minorly-wounds-his-wife-after-an-argument-about-the-victim-texting-in-a-tampa-florida-cinema.md) _Context: Tampa_
5. [In American football, the Baltimore Ravens defeat the San Francisco 49ers in Super Bowl XLVII 34-31 after a delay in the game's second half caused by a power outage. ](/news/2013/02/3/in-american-football-the-baltimore-ravens-defeat-the-san-francisco-49ers-in-super-bowl-xlvii-34a31-after-a-delay-in-the-game-s-second-hal.md) _Context: Baltimore Ravens_
6. [According to a report in ''Sports Illustrated'', Baltimore Ravens linebacker Ray Lewis used the supplement deer-antler spray (containing a dilute solution of IGF-1 which has been banned by the NFL) to aid his recovery from a torn triceps. Lewis has denied using the substance. The report also alleges that members of the Alabama Crimson Tide used the substance before the 2012 BCS National Championship Game against the LSU Tigers. ](/news/2013/01/29/according-to-a-report-in-sports-illustrated-baltimore-ravens-linebacker-ray-lewis-used-the-supplement-deer-antler-spray-containing-a-d.md) _Context: Baltimore Ravens_
7. [In American football, the NFL's San Francisco 49ers and the Baltimore Ravens win the NFC and AFC championship games, respectively, to advance to Super Bowl XLVII. The game will be the first time in NFL history that two brothers - Jim Harbaugh of the 49ers and John Harbaugh of the Ravens - have been opposing head coaches in the Super Bowl. ](/news/2013/01/20/in-american-football-the-nfl-s-san-francisco-49ers-and-the-baltimore-ravens-win-the-nfc-and-afc-championship-games-respectively-to-advanc.md) _Context: Baltimore Ravens_
8. [The United States Republican Party officially nominates Mitt Romney as its candidate in the 2012 presidential election at the National Convention in Tampa, Florida. ](/news/2012/08/28/the-united-states-republican-party-officially-nominates-mitt-romney-as-its-candidate-in-the-2012-presidential-election-at-the-national-conve.md) _Context: Tampa_
9. [Super Bowl XLVI:In American football, Super Bowl XLVI is played in Indianapolis with the New York Giants defeating the New England Patriots 21-17. ](/news/2012/02/5/super-bowl-xlvi-pin-american-football-super-bowl-xlvi-is-played-in-indianapolis-with-the-new-york-giants-defeating-the-new-england-patriots.md) _Context: New York Giants_
10. [A US Federal Court judge orders Tampa-based Odyssey Marine Exploration to return treasures from the shipwreck of the ''Nuestra Senora de las Mercedes'' to Spain. ](/news/2012/02/17/a-us-federal-court-judge-orders-tampa-based-odyssey-marine-exploration-to-return-treasures-from-the-shipwreck-of-the-nuestra-sea-ora-de-la.md) _Context: Tampa_
