### [2003-06-2](/news/2003/06/2/index.md)

#  Europe launches its first voyage to another planet, Mars. The European Space Agency's Mars Express probe launches from the Baikonur space centre in Kazakhstan.




### Related:

1. [ The British spacecraft Beagle 2 successfully separates from the ESA's Mars Express orbiter and is now less than 10 days away from its scheduled landing on the surface of Mars; it will attempt to parachute onto the surface on Christmas morning. ](/news/2003/12/19/the-british-spacecraft-beagle-2-successfully-separates-from-the-esa-s-mars-express-orbiter-and-is-now-less-than-10-days-away-from-its-sched.md) _Context: European Space Agency, Mars, Mars Express_
2. [The European Space Agency-Roscosmos operated Schiaparelli EDM lander successfully separates from the ExoMars Trace Gas Orbiter spacecraft, beginning a three-day descent to the surface of Mars. ](/news/2016/10/16/the-european-space-agency-roscosmos-operated-schiaparelli-edm-lander-successfully-separates-from-the-exomars-trace-gas-orbiter-spacecraft-b.md) _Context: European Space Agency, Mars_
3. [The joint European Space Agency and Russian Federal Space Agency ExoMars Trace Gas Orbiter blasts off from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan. ](/news/2016/03/14/the-joint-european-space-agency-and-russian-federal-space-agency-exomars-trace-gas-orbiter-blasts-off-from-the-baikonur-cosmodrome-in-kazakh.md) _Context: European Space Agency, Kazakhstan_
4. [The European Space Agency claims to have made contact with Russia's stranded Fobos-Grunt probe, two days after the closure of the spacecraft's window for launch to Mars. ](/news/2011/11/23/the-european-space-agency-claims-to-have-made-contact-with-russia-s-stranded-fobos-grunt-probe-two-days-after-the-closure-of-the-spacecraft.md) _Context: European Space Agency, Mars_
5. [ Soyuz TMA-9 has launched at 04:08 UTC from Baikonur in Kazakhstan onboard with two member of ISS Expedition 14 Mikhail Tyurin, Michael Lopez-Alegria and with Anousheh Ansari, the first female space tourist. ](/news/2006/09/18/soyuz-tma-9-has-launched-at-04-08-utc-from-baikonur-in-kazakhstan-onboard-with-two-member-of-iss-expedition-14-mikhail-tyurin-michael-lope.md) _Context: Baikonur, Kazakhstan_
6. [The European Space Agency (ESA) approves the PLATO space observatory which will seek out Earth-like exoplanets. ](/news/2017/06/21/the-european-space-agency-esa-approves-the-plato-space-observatory-which-will-seek-out-earth-like-exoplanets.md) _Context: European Space Agency_
7. [U.S. Congress passes a bill that mandates NASA send humans to Mars by 2033. ](/news/2017/03/8/u-s-congress-passes-a-bill-that-mandates-nasa-send-humans-to-mars-by-2033.md) _Context: Mars_
8. [The second day of peace negotiations in Astana, Kazakhstan, end with the sponsors of the talks, Russia, Turkey and Iran, agreeing to set up commission between the three to monitor and enforce the fragile ceasefire to the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2017/01/24/the-second-day-of-peace-negotiations-in-astana-kazakhstan-end-with-the-sponsors-of-the-talks-russia-turkey-and-iran-agreeing-to-set-up.md) _Context: Kazakhstan_
9. [Peace talks in Astana, Kazakhstan, between the Syrian opposition and the Syrian Government, meant to build on a fragile ceasefire currently in effect in the Syrian Civil War, end with no breakthrough reported. ](/news/2017/01/23/peace-talks-in-astana-kazakhstan-between-the-syrian-opposition-and-the-syrian-government-meant-to-build-on-a-fragile-ceasefire-currently.md) _Context: Kazakhstan_
10. [The Syrian Opposition agree to attend peace talks with the Syrian government in Astana, Kazakhstan, in order to press for a ceasefire to the conflict. ](/news/2017/01/16/the-syrian-opposition-agree-to-attend-peace-talks-with-the-syrian-government-in-astana-kazakhstan-in-order-to-press-for-a-ceasefire-to-the.md) _Context: Kazakhstan_
