### [2003-06-2](/news/2003/06/2/index.md)

#  In Zimbabwe, opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai is first arrested, then released. This coincides with the start of a week of protests against the government, who have put Tsvangirai on trial for treason. He is due to appear in court later today.




### Related:

1. [Zimbabwe's top court rules that the general election should be held on July 31 despite an appeal by President Robert Mugabe and his main rival Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai. ](/news/2013/07/5/zimbabwe-s-top-court-rules-that-the-general-election-should-be-held-on-july-31-despite-an-appeal-by-president-robert-mugabe-and-his-main-riv.md) _Context: Morgan Tsvangirai, Zimbabwe_
2. [The incumbent President of Zimbabwe, Robert Mugabe, determines that elections will be scheduled for 31 July 2013, however Mugabe's leading presidential contestant and primary political rival Morgan Tsvangirai rejects this as being "a unilateral and flagrant breach of the constitution". ](/news/2013/06/13/the-incumbent-president-of-zimbabwe-robert-mugabe-determines-that-elections-will-be-scheduled-for-31-july-2013-however-mugabe-s-leading-p.md) _Context: Morgan Tsvangirai, Zimbabwe_
3. [Zimbabwean Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai says the country is descending into a "police state" and urges regional intervention, at a rally banned by police. ](/news/2011/03/18/zimbabwean-prime-minister-morgan-tsvangirai-says-the-country-is-descending-into-a-police-state-and-urges-regional-intervention-at-a-rally.md) _Context: Morgan Tsvangirai, Zimbabwe_
4. [Zimbabwean Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai calls for an end to the country's unity government after one of his party members is arrested. ](/news/2011/03/11/zimbabwean-prime-minister-morgan-tsvangirai-calls-for-an-end-to-the-country-s-unity-government-after-one-of-his-party-members-is-arrested.md) _Context: Morgan Tsvangirai, Zimbabwe_
5. [Zimbabwean Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai charges his President Robert Mugabe with violating the constitution and unilateral decision-making. Mugabe and his party fail to respond in public. ](/news/2010/10/7/zimbabwean-prime-minister-morgan-tsvangirai-charges-his-president-robert-mugabe-with-violating-the-constitution-and-unilateral-decision-maki.md) _Context: Morgan Tsvangirai, Zimbabwe_
6. [Robert Mugabe, Morgan Tsvangirai and Arthur Mutambara, in a rare display of solidarity, call for an end to international sanctions on Zimbabwe and instead request investment. ](/news/2010/05/6/robert-mugabe-morgan-tsvangirai-and-arthur-mutambara-in-a-rare-display-of-solidarity-call-for-an-end-to-international-sanctions-on-zimbab.md) _Context: Morgan Tsvangirai, Zimbabwe_
7. [President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad arrives in Zimbabwe; Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai's Movement for Democratic Change - Tsvangirai objects, labelling Mr Ahmadinejad a "war-monger, a trampler of human rights [and] an executioner". ](/news/2010/04/22/president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-arrives-in-zimbabwe-prime-minister-morgan-tsvangirai-s-movement-for-democratic-change-a-tsvangirai.md) _Context: Morgan Tsvangirai, Zimbabwe_
8. [ Zimbabwean Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai ends his boycott of the unity government. ](/news/2009/11/5/zimbabwean-prime-minister-morgan-tsvangirai-ends-his-boycott-of-the-unity-government.md) _Context: Morgan Tsvangirai, Zimbabwe_
9. [ Zimbabwe's Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai insists the coalition government is tackling the country's dire humanitarian and economic crisis at a talk at Southwark Cathedral in London. ](/news/2009/06/22/zimbabwe-s-prime-minister-morgan-tsvangirai-insists-the-coalition-government-is-tackling-the-country-s-dire-humanitarian-and-economic-crisi.md) _Context: Morgan Tsvangirai, Zimbabwe_
10. [ Zimbabwean Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai rules out foul play in a car accident in Harare that killed his wife. ](/news/2009/03/9/zimbabwean-prime-minister-morgan-tsvangirai-rules-out-foul-play-in-a-car-accident-in-harare-that-killed-his-wife.md) _Context: Morgan Tsvangirai, Zimbabwe_
