### [2013-10-16](/news/2013/10/16/index.md)

# A Panamanian registered ship sinks off the coast of South Korea, killing 9 sailors and leaving 2 others missing. Coast Guard officials rescue another 8 crew members. 

(ATTN: RECASTS headline, lead; UPDATES with more information in 3, 5, 7-9 paras) POHANG, South Korea, Oct. 16 (Yonhap) -- Nine foreign crewmembers were killed and two others remain missing after a Panamanian-registered cargo ship sank off the eastern coast of South Korea, the coast guard said Wednesday.


### Source:

1. [Yonhap](http://english.yonhapnews.co.kr/news/2013/10/16/0200000000AEN20131016001952315.html)

### Related:

1. [Disasters in South Korea. An explosion at a South Korean shipyard owned by STX Offshore & Shipbuilding kills four workers. ](/news/2017/08/20/disasters-in-south-korea-an-explosion-at-a-south-korean-shipyard-owned-by-stx-offshore-shipbuilding-kills-four-workers.md) _Context: South Korea_
2. [Gene editing. Teams of United States-based researchers, composed of American, Chinese and South Korean scientists, successfully edit a piece of faulty DNA that causes a deadly form of heart disease from cells in human embryos. ](/news/2017/08/2/gene-editing-teams-of-united-states-based-researchers-composed-of-american-chinese-and-south-korean-scientists-successfully-edit-a-piece.md) _Context: South Korea_
3. [South Korea's National Police raid the headquarters of Korean Air as part of an investigation into embezzlement and breach of trust related to misappropriated funds alleged to have been used to fund construction at the residence of Korean Air Chairman Cho Yang-ho (father of Heather Cho, instigator of the "Nut rage incident" in 2014). The company's shares continue to drop. ](/news/2017/07/7/south-korea-s-national-police-raid-the-headquarters-of-korean-air-as-part-of-an-investigation-into-embezzlement-and-breach-of-trust-related.md) _Context: South Korea_
4. [Former president of Panama Ricardo Martinelli is denied bond by United States magistrate judge Edwin Torres. He is accused of charges that include illegally monitoring phone and other conversations of at least 150 people. Martinelli was arrested in Miami last month on an extradition warrant from Panama. ](/news/2017/07/7/former-president-of-panama-ricardo-martinelli-is-denied-bond-by-united-states-magistrate-judge-edwin-torres-he-is-accused-of-charges-that-i.md) _Context: Panama_
5. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. 2017 North Korean missile tests. North Korea launches an intercontinental ballistic missile that flies 620 miles horizontally in about 45 minutes, landing in the Sea of Japan, according to Japan, South Korea and the United States. ](/news/2017/07/28/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-2017-north-korean-missile-tests-north-korea-launches-an-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-tha.md) _Context: South Korea_
6. [Hezbollah. U.S. authorities charge two operatives, Samer El Debek, 37, of Dearborn, Michigan, and Ali Kourani, 32, of the Bronx, New York, belonging to the Lebanese Shiite militant group Hezbollah with terrorism offenses, accused of plotting to target American and Israeli targets in New York and Panama. ](/news/2017/06/8/hezbollah-u-s-authorities-charge-two-operatives-samer-el-debek-37-of-dearborn-michigan-and-ali-kourani-32-of-the-bronx-new-york-b.md) _Context: Panama_
7. [2017 North Korean missile tests. North Korea test fires several missiles, believed to be anti-ship weapons. The test comes immediately after South Korea suspends further deployment of the THAAD anti-missile system. ](/news/2017/06/8/2017-north-korean-missile-tests-north-korea-test-fires-several-missiles-believed-to-be-anti-ship-weapons-the-test-comes-immediately-after.md) _Context: South Korea_
8. [North Korean defectors. A North Korean soldier defects to South Korea after swimming across the Han River, the second North Korean defection in a week. ](/news/2017/06/18/north-korean-defectors-a-north-korean-soldier-defects-to-south-korea-after-swimming-across-the-han-river-the-second-north-korean-defection.md) _Context: South Korea_
9. [North Korean defectors. A North Korean soldier crosses the Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) and defects to South Korea, the first since September 2016. ](/news/2017/06/13/north-korean-defectors-a-north-korean-soldier-crosses-the-korean-demilitarized-zone-dmz-and-defects-to-south-korea-the-first-since-septe.md) _Context: South Korea_
10. [Foreign relations of Panama. Panama severs diplomatic ties with Taiwan and establishes formal relations with China. ](/news/2017/06/12/foreign-relations-of-panama-panama-severs-diplomatic-ties-with-taiwan-and-establishes-formal-relations-with-china.md) _Context: Panama_
