### [2013-10-16](/news/2013/10/16/index.md)

# Solberg's Cabinet is appointed as the 61st cabinet of Norway by the King following the parliamentary election on 9 September. {{citation needed|date=October 2013}} 




### Related:

1. [King Harald V of Norway successfully undergoes a 5-hour cancer operation in which his bladder is removed and a new one constructed, at Rikshospitalet University Hospital in Oslo. [http://www.aftenposten.no/english/local/article.jhtml?articleID=686979]](/news/2003/12/8/king-harald-v-of-norway-successfully-undergoes-a-51-2-hour-cancer-operation-in-which-his-bladder-is-removed-and-a-new-one-constructed-at-riks.md) _Context: King, Norway_
2. [Prime Minister of Norway Erna Solberg meets with Premier of the People's Republic of China Li Keqiang in Beijing to announce the end of a diplomatic freeze between the countries and the resumption of free trade negotiations between China and Norway. ](/news/2017/04/7/prime-minister-of-norway-erna-solberg-meets-with-premier-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-li-keqiang-in-beijing-to-announce-the-end-of-a-di.md) _Context: Norway_
3. [A Brazilian federal judge orders Petrobras to suspend the sale to Norway's Statoil of its stake in an  offshore prospect,  in response to the National Federation of Oil Workers petition there should have been an open bidding process for this transaction. ](/news/2017/04/17/a-brazilian-federal-judge-orders-petrobras-to-suspend-the-sale-to-norway-s-statoil-of-its-stake-in-an-offshore-prospect-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Norway_
4. [Three hundred U.S. marines arrive in Norway for a six-month deployment, becoming the first foreign troops in Norway since World War II. The marines will be stationed at Vaernes Air Station in Stjordal. ](/news/2017/01/16/three-hundred-u-s-marines-arrive-in-norway-for-a-six-month-deployment-becoming-the-first-foreign-troops-in-norway-since-world-war-ii-the.md) _Context: Norway_
5. [Norway becomes the first country to start a complete switch-off of national FM radio stations. The change, from the analogue FM system to digital audio broadcasting, is expected to be completed by the end of the year. Some, such as the Norwegian Local Radio Association, are concerned about the impact on motorists and the elderly. ](/news/2017/01/11/norway-becomes-the-first-country-to-start-a-complete-switch-off-of-national-fm-radio-stations-the-change-from-the-analogue-fm-system-to-di.md) _Context: Norway_
6. [The Church of Norway officially ceases to be the state church of Norway after almost 500 years. ](/news/2017/01/1/the-church-of-norway-officially-ceases-to-be-the-state-church-of-norway-after-almost-500-years.md) _Context: Norway_
7. [Colombian president Juan Manuel Santos receives his award in Oslo, Norway. ](/news/2016/12/10/colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-receives-his-award-in-oslo-norway.md) _Context: Norway_
8. [Norwegian chess grandmaster Magnus Carlsen defeats Russian challenger Sergey Karjakin to retain the World Chess Championship title. ](/news/2016/11/30/norwegian-chess-grandmaster-magnus-carlsen-defeats-russian-challenger-sergey-karjakin-to-retain-the-world-chess-championship-title.md) _Context: Norway_
9. [The Supreme Court of Norway rejects NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden's extradition lawsuit against the Norwegian government. ](/news/2016/11/25/the-supreme-court-of-norway-rejects-nsa-whistleblower-edward-snowden-s-extradition-lawsuit-against-the-norwegian-government.md) _Context: Norway_
10. [The Norwegian newspaper ''Aftenposten'' accuses Facebook of censorship because of the website's decision to remove the iconic Vietnam War-era photo "napalm girl" as child pornography. ](/news/2016/09/9/the-norwegian-newspaper-aftenposten-accuses-facebook-of-censorship-because-of-the-website-s-decision-to-remove-the-iconic-vietnam-wara.md) _Context: Norway_
