### [2005-04-1](/news/2005/04/1/index.md)

#  Hamas and Islamic Jihad have declared, in principle, their intention to join the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO). 




### Source:

1. [Al Ahram](http://weekly.ahram.org.eg/2005/736/fr3.htm)

### Related:

1. [Israeli police and Shin Bet arrest several suspects in relation to the bombing of a public bus in Tel Aviv. The suspects claim affiliation with Hamas and Islamic Jihad and reveal they planted the bomb on the bus and detonated it remotely using a cell phone. ](/news/2012/11/22/israeli-police-and-shin-bet-arrest-several-suspects-in-relation-to-the-bombing-of-a-public-bus-in-tel-aviv-the-suspects-claim-affiliation-w.md) _Context: Hamas, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine_
2. [Palestinian inmates held in Israeli jails from Hamas, Islamic Jihad, the PFLP and the DFLP go on hunger strike on the Palestinian "Prisoners' Day". Thousands of people rally in towns and cities in both the West Bank and the Gaza Strip in support of their action, waving Palestinian flags and displaying photos of imprisoned relatives. ](/news/2012/04/17/palestinian-inmates-held-in-israeli-jails-from-hamas-islamic-jihad-the-pflp-and-the-dflp-go-on-hunger-strike-on-the-palestinian-prisoners.md) _Context: Hamas, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine_
3. [ Israeli Defense Forces and Hamas and Islamic Jihad militants battle in Sheikh Ajleen, a suburb of Gaza City. ](/news/2009/01/11/israeli-defense-forces-and-hamas-and-islamic-jihad-militants-battle-in-sheikh-ajleen-a-suburb-of-gaza-city.md) _Context: Hamas, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine_
4. [ Israeli troops and airstrike kill four militants in an incursion into the Gaza Strip including three members of Islamic Jihad and one Hamas member. ](/news/2007/07/26/israeli-troops-and-airstrike-kill-four-militants-in-an-incursion-into-the-gaza-strip-including-three-members-of-islamic-jihad-and-one-hamas.md) _Context: Hamas, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine_
5. [ Islamist party Hamas' landslide victory in Palestinian elections ends four decades of rule by the Fatah party. Hamas secures 76 seats in the 132-member legislature through parliamentary elections. Prime Minister Ahmed Qurei announces he will resign and Fatah declares it will not join a Hamas-led coalition, although Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas plans to continue negotiations with Israel through the Palestine Liberation Organization.](/news/2006/01/26/islamist-party-hamas-landslide-victory-in-palestinian-elections-ends-four-decades-of-rule-by-the-fatah-party-hamas-secures-76-seats-in-th.md) _Context: Hamas, Palestine Liberation Organization's_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Six Israeli soldiers are killed in the Gaza Strip during an incursion when their armored personnel carrier triggered an explosive device. Hamas and Islamic Jihad claim to hold a portion of the remains of the soldiers: "We possess the remains of your bodies that were thrown into the streets of Gaza. We have our demands to hand them over to the Zionist occupier" ](/news/2004/05/11/israeli-palestinian-conflict-six-israeli-soldiers-are-killed-in-the-gaza-strip-during-an-incursion-when-their-armored-personnel-carrier-tr.md) _Context: Hamas, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel kills senior Hamas official, Ismail Abu Shanab, by a missile strike in the Gaza Strip and sent tanks into the West Bank towns of Nablus, Jenin and Tulkarem in response to a deadly suicide bombing of a bus in Jerusalem. In Hebron, troops destroy the terrorist bomber's home. Hamas and Islamic Jihad end their participation in the cease fire (in response to Israel's action from the two groups' bombing), declaring themselves as enemies to the peace plan, and vow further terrorist acts. The militants demand that Palestinian prime minister, Mahmoud Abbas, leave their area of control.](/news/2003/08/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-kills-senior-hamas-official-ismail-abu-shanab-by-a-missile-strike-in-the-gaza-strip-and-sent-tanks-i.md) _Context: Hamas, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Palestinian prime minister, Mahmoud Abbas, breaks negotiations with the Islamic militant groups Hamas and Islamic Jihad in response to the bombing in Jerusalem. Israel notifies the public that it will retaliate with military strikes for bus bombing. There are conflicting reports that Israel will hold off on the attacks to see if the Palestinian administration takes action against terrorist groups.](/news/2003/08/20/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-prime-minister-mahmoud-abbas-breaks-negotiations-with-the-islamic-militant-groups-hamas-and-isl.md) _Context: Hamas, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine_
9. [Hamas, through Egyptian-mediated talks, agrees to dissolve its Gaza administration, hold talks with the Fatah West Bank government, and hold elections for a Palestinian unity government. ](/news/2017/09/17/hamas-through-egyptian-mediated-talks-agrees-to-dissolve-its-gaza-administration-hold-talks-with-the-fatah-west-bank-government-and-hold.md) _Context: Hamas_
10. [In two simultaneous attacks near the Damascus Gate in Jerusalem, an Israeli policewoman is fatally stabbed; the three Palestinian assailants are shot dead. ISIL claims were questioned by Israeli authorities. As well, the PFLP and Hamas claim it was their members who did it. ](/news/2017/06/16/in-two-simultaneous-attacks-near-the-damascus-gate-in-jerusalem-an-israeli-policewoman-is-fatally-stabbed-the-three-palestinian-assailants.md) _Context: Hamas_
