### [2005-04-1](/news/2005/04/1/index.md)

#  The United Nations Security Council votes to refer those suspected of war crimes in Darfur to the International Criminal Court. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/4399487.stm)
2. [Sudan Tribune](http://www.sudantribune.com/article.php3?id_article=8815)
3. [Reuters AlertNet](http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/HRW/d683f36699bb29b8486d9f7dc488dd17.htm)

### Related:

1. [Sudanese president Omar al-Bashir, the subject of an International Criminal Court arrest warrant for genocide, war crimes and crimes against humanity in the region of Darfur, unexpectedly delays his visit to China without official explanation, after he had already departed for an anti-terrorism conference hosted by Iran. ](/news/2011/06/27/sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-the-subject-of-an-international-criminal-court-arrest-warrant-for-genocide-war-crimes-and-crimes-against.md) _Context: Darfur, International Criminal Court, war crime_
2. [The International Criminal Court asks the United Nations Security Council to take action over Djibouti's failure to arrest Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir, who was indicted by the court on charges of war crimes. ](/news/2011/05/12/the-international-criminal-court-asks-the-united-nations-security-council-to-take-action-over-djibouti-s-failure-to-arrest-sudanese-presiden.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, United Nations Security Council, war crime_
3. [ Luis Moreno-Ocampo, the Prosecutor for the International Criminal Court, accuses Sudanese president Omar al-Bashir of genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes in Darfur. ](/news/2008/07/14/luis-moreno-ocampo-the-prosecutor-for-the-international-criminal-court-accuses-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-of-genocide-crimes-agai.md) _Context: Darfur, International Criminal Court, war crime_
4. [ France presents a draft resolution to vote at the United Nations. It would give war crime cases in Darfur region of Sudan to the International Criminal Court in the Hague. US resists the idea. ](/news/2005/03/24/france-presents-a-draft-resolution-to-vote-at-the-united-nations-it-would-give-war-crime-cases-in-darfur-region-of-sudan-to-the-internatio.md) _Context: Darfur, International Criminal Court, war crime_
5. [ The government of Sudan rejects the United Nations' demand that the suspects of war crimes in the violence ridden western Sudanese region of Darfur would be put before the International Criminal Court in The Hague. ](/news/2005/02/17/the-government-of-sudan-rejects-the-united-nations-demand-that-the-suspects-of-war-crimes-in-the-violence-ridden-western-sudanese-region-o.md) _Context: Darfur, International Criminal Court, war crime_
6. [Former Congolese Vice President and warlord Jean-Pierre Bemba, sentenced last year by the International Criminal Court (ICC) to 18 years in prison for war crimes, is given an additional 12 months and fined 300,000 euros for bribing witnesses during an earlier ICC trial. The court also handed jail terms and fines for alleged interference in his trial to members of his legal team. ](/news/2017/03/22/former-congolese-vice-president-and-warlord-jean-pierre-bemba-sentenced-last-year-by-the-international-criminal-court-icc-to-18-years-in.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, war crime_
7. [The International Criminal Court finds ex-Vice President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo Jean-Pierre Bemba guilty of war crimes. Bemba is accused of not taking steps to stop his militia from committing mass murder, rape and pillage in neighbouring Central African Republic. ](/news/2016/03/21/the-international-criminal-court-finds-ex-vice-president-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-jean-pierre-bemba-guilty-of-war-crimes-bem.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, war crime_
8. [The United Nations General Assembly passes a resolution condemning North Korea's human rights abuses and calls on the Security Council to refer  violations  to the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2015/12/17/the-united-nations-general-assembly-passes-a-resolution-condemning-north-korea-s-human-rights-abuses-and-calls-on-the-security-council-to-re.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, United Nations Security Council_
9. [Ahmad al-Faqi is transferred to the International Criminal Court to face trial for the war crime of directing the destruction of cultural sites in Timbuktu, Mali when the city was under the control of Islamist groups in 2012. ](/news/2015/09/26/ahmad-al-faqi-is-transferred-to-the-international-criminal-court-to-face-trial-for-the-war-crime-of-directing-the-destruction-of-cultural-si.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, war crime_
10. [The High Court in Pretoria rules that the President of Sudan Omar Al-Bashir should be arrested in South Africa and detained pending a formal request from the International Criminal Court. However, immediately after the ruling, the South African Government announces that Al-Bashir has already departed. He is wanted in connection with the war in Darfur. ](/news/2015/06/15/the-high-court-in-pretoria-rules-that-the-president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-should-be-arrested-in-south-africa-and-detained-pending-a-formal.md) _Context: Darfur, International Criminal Court_
