### [2005-04-1](/news/2005/04/1/index.md)

#  The government of Argentina delays the restructuring of its debt by the exchange of old bonds for new because of a decision by a federal court judge in the United States that froze the processing of the old bonds in the possession of the Bank of New York pending a hearing before the appeals court. 




### Source:

1. [Financial Times](http://news.ft.com/cms/s/b5a61d88-a302-11d9-b4e8-00000e2511c8.html)

### Related:

1. [A United States district court judge orders documents turned over to hedge fund NML Capital with regard to the flow of funds in a February 9 issuance of Argentina dollar denominated sovereign bonds. ](/news/2015/02/25/a-united-states-district-court-judge-orders-documents-turned-over-to-hedge-fund-nml-capital-with-regard-to-the-flow-of-funds-in-a-february-9.md) _Context: Argentina, United States_
2. [On the 30th anniversary of the Falklands War between the United Kingdom and Argentina, Argentina threatens action against United States and United Kingdom banks, while UK Prime Minister David Cameron calls Argentina's 1982 invasion "a profound wrong". ](/news/2012/04/2/on-the-30th-anniversary-of-the-falklands-war-between-the-united-kingdom-and-argentina-argentina-threatens-action-against-united-states-and.md) _Context: Argentina, United States_
3. [Argentina lodges an official complaint against the United States after America's landing of a military plane loaded with undeclared "sensitive material", including guns, drugs and satellite phones, leading the Argentinian government to express concerns that the U.S. was attempting to sneak its cargo into the country. ](/news/2011/02/15/argentina-lodges-an-official-complaint-against-the-united-states-after-america-s-landing-of-a-military-plane-loaded-with-undeclared-sensiti.md) _Context: Argentina, United States_
4. [ Argentina, Brazil and Bolivia express concerns whilst Peru supports a planned accord by Colombian President Alvaro Uribe to allow United States troops to use several bases. Venezuela announces trade measures against Colombia. ](/news/2009/08/6/argentina-brazil-and-bolivia-express-concerns-whilst-peru-supports-a-planned-accord-by-colombian-president-alvaro-uribe-to-allow-united-s.md) _Context: Argentina, United States_
5. [ Massive demonstrations against U.S. President George W. Bush continue to grow at the Fourth Summit of the Americas in Mar del Plata, Argentina. ](/news/2005/11/4/massive-demonstrations-against-u-s-president-george-w-bush-continue-to-grow-at-the-fourth-summit-of-the-americas-in-mar-del-plata-argent.md) _Context: Argentina, United States_
6. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: United States_
7. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: United States_
8. [The United States stops giving out visas to high ranking officials of Cambodia, Eritrea, Guinea and Sierra Leone for failing to accept deportations. ](/news/2017/09/13/the-united-states-stops-giving-out-visas-to-high-ranking-officials-of-cambodia-eritrea-guinea-and-sierra-leone-for-failing-to-accept-depor.md) _Context: United States_
9. [In an official dinner hosted by the United States President, Donald Trump and leaders of the Democratic party Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi agree to fix DACA but disagree with the details, with Trump denying on Twitter the following day that a deal had been made which excluded funding for his proposed wall on the Mexico-United States border. ](/news/2017/09/13/in-an-official-dinner-hosted-by-the-united-states-president-donald-trump-and-leaders-of-the-democratic-party-chuck-schumer-and-nancy-pelosi.md) _Context: United States_
10. [The United States Department of Justice has requested Moscow-based Russian media channel RT America to register as a foreign lobbying firm in the United States. ](/news/2017/09/12/the-united-states-department-of-justice-has-requested-moscow-based-russian-media-channel-rt-america-to-register-as-a-foreign-lobbying-firm-i.md) _Context: United States_
