
Formats: [HTML](/news/2018/03/20/the-department-for-work-and-pensions-wins-a-court-case-case-holding-that-benefits-claimants-cannot-raise-arguments-based-on-the-european-con.html)  [JSON](/news/2018/03/20/the-department-for-work-and-pensions-wins-a-court-case-case-holding-that-benefits-claimants-cannot-raise-arguments-based-on-the-european-con.json)  [XML](/news/2018/03/20/the-department-for-work-and-pensions-wins-a-court-case-case-holding-that-benefits-claimants-cannot-raise-arguments-based-on-the-european-con.xml)  

### [2018-03-20](/news/2018/03/20/index.md)

##### Human rights in the United Kingdom
# The Department for Work and Pensions wins a court case case holding that benefits claimants cannot raise arguments based on the European Convention on Human Rights at tribunals, and must instead go via the High Court. [https:--www.thecanary.co-uk-2018-03-20-dwp-just-won-court-case-literally-allowing-ignore-disabled-peoples-human-rights- (The Canary)]Legal status of cryptocurrencies




### Related:

1. [U.S. President Donald Trump issues an executive order banning U.S. entities from trading in the Venezuelan Petro cryptocurrency. Trump calls the digital currency, launched last month, an "attempt to circumvent U.S. sanctions". ](/news/2018/03/20/u-s-president-donald-trump-issues-an-executive-order-banning-u-s-entities-from-trading-in-the-venezuelan-petro-cryptocurrency-trump-calls.md) _Context: Legal status of cryptocurrencies_
2. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that powers contained in the UK Terrorism Act 2000 violate the European Convention on Human Rights. ](/news/2010/01/12/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-powers-contained-in-the-uk-terrorism-act-2000-violate-the-european-convention-on-human-rights.md) _Context: European Convention on Human Rights_
3. [ Secretary of State for Transport Geoff Hoon announces his resignation. [http:--www.telegraph.co.uk-news-newstopics-politics-gordon-brown-5453348-Geoff-Hoon-resigns-as-pressure-mounts-on-Gordon-Brown.html ("Daily Telegraph")] Minister of State for Europe Caroline Flint announces her resignation. [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-uk_news-politics-8084501.stm (BBC)] Minister of State for Housing and Planning Margaret Beckett announces her resignation. [http:--abcnews.go.com-International-wireStory?id=7762196 (ABC)] Minister of State for Employment and Welfare Reform Tony McNulty announces his resignation. [http:--news.sky.com-skynews-Home-Politics-Gordon-Browns-Reshuffle-Defence-Secretary-Quits-Andy-Burnham-Heads-To-Health-Article-200906115296531?lpos=Politics_First_UK_News_Article_Teaser_Region_1&lid=ARTICLE_15296531_Gordon_Browns_Reshuffle%3A_Defence_Secretary_Quits%2C_Andy_Burnham_Heads_To_Health (Sky News)] Bob Ainsworth replaces John Hutton as Secretary of State for Defence. [http:--www.timesonline.co.uk-tol-news-politics-article6436610.ece ("Times")] Chief Secretary to the Treasury Yvette Cooper replaces James Purnell as Secretary of State for Work and Pensions. [http:--www.guardian.co.uk-politics-2009-jun-05-yvette-cooper-profile ("Guardian")] Alan Sugar becomes "Enterprise Tsar" and receives a position in the House of Lords. [http:--www.telegraph.co.uk-news-newstopics-politics-gordon-brown-5451354-Sir-Alan-Sugar-to-become-Enterprise-Tsar.html ("Daily Telegraph")] John Denham replaces Hazel Blears as Secretary of State for Communities and Local Government. [http:--www.google.com-hostednews-ukpress-article-ALeqM5hjLbfpu2UBV6VxgNSl58quyI5Tow (PA via Google News)] Secretary of State for Health Alan Johnson replaces Jacqui Smith as Home Secretary. [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-uk_news-politics-8084501.stm (BBC)] av](/news/2009/06/5/secretary-of-state-for-transport-geoff-hoon-announces-his-resignation-http-www-telegraph-co-uk-news-newstopics-politics-gordon-brown-54.md) _Context: Department for Work and Pensions_
4. [ The British final court of appeal, the Law Lords, rule that the suspension of "habeas corpus" for foreign nationals detained under the Anti-terrorism, Crime and Security Act 2001 is illegal, being incompatible with the European Convention on Human Rights. ](/news/2004/12/16/the-british-final-court-of-appeal-the-law-lords-rule-that-the-suspension-of-habeas-corpus-for-foreign-nationals-detained-under-the-anti.md) _Context: European Convention on Human Rights_
5. [ A British court rejects a request by the Russian government for extradition of Akhmed Zakayev, an envoy of the Chechen rebels, who is accused of being a terrorist and having committed a number of crimes including kidnapping, murdering Russian soldiers, and levying war. The request was denied on the grounds that Mr. Zakayev was considered likely to be tortured if he was extradited, which would make such deportation illegal under article 3 of the European Convention on Human Rights. The prosecution's evidence was described as a "farce" by one BBC reporter, and reminiscent of Soviet-era show trials.](/news/2003/11/13/a-british-court-rejects-a-request-by-the-russian-government-for-extradition-of-akhmed-zakayev-an-envoy-of-the-chechen-rebels-who-is-accus.md) _Context: European Convention on Human Rights_
