### [2004-03-18](/news/2004/03/18/index.md)

#  Cleanup work at Love Canal has been completed, federal officials said. The EPA says it should be taken off the Superfund list. Environmental activist Lois Gibbs said the Bush administration was seeking to deflect criticism from a March 11 Senate vote against reauthorizing an expired user fee on corporations to fund environmental cleanup. 

Federal officials say Love Canal section of Niagara Falls, NY, is clean enough to be removed from Superfund list of toxic waste sites; hundreds of families were evacuated from neighborhood in 1978 after deadly chemicals started oozing through ground into basements and a school, burning children and pets and, according to experts, causing birth defects and miscarriages; neighborhood was built on 19th-century canal where toxic mix of more than 80 industrial chemicals had been buried; Superfund delisting will be mostly symbolic since most of work on cleanup, which took 21 years and cost close to $400 million, was completed a few years ago; photos; map (L)


### Source:

1. [NYT](http://www.nytimes.com/2004/03/18/nyregion/18LOVE.html?ex=1080190800&en=851eb845fc5a4ab3&ei=5062&partner=GOOGLE)
1. [Cover Image](https://static01.nyt.com/images/icons/t_logo_291_black.png)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency announces, effective in 2019, it will no longer sponsor the Climate Leadership Awards program that honors voluntary corporate actions to combat global warming. ](/news/2017/08/25/the-u-s-environmental-protection-agency-announces-effective-in-2019-it-will-no-longer-sponsor-the-climate-leadership-awards-program-that.md) _Context: U.S. Environmental Protection Agency_
2. [U.S. Representative Matt Gaetz proposes a bill to eliminate the United States Environmental Protection Agency. ](/news/2017/02/6/u-s-representative-matt-gaetz-proposes-a-bill-to-eliminate-the-united-states-environmental-protection-agency.md) _Context: U.S. Environmental Protection Agency_
3. [With a 52-46 vote, the U.S. Senate confirms Attorney General of Oklahoma Scott Pruitt as the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. Breaking with party lines, Republican Susan Collins opposed the nomination, while Democrats Heidi Heitkamp and Joe Manchin supported Pruitt, who has been described as a climate change denier with a history of criticizing the agency he now leads. ](/news/2017/02/17/with-a-52a46-vote-the-u-s-senate-confirms-attorney-general-of-oklahoma-scott-pruitt-as-the-administrator-of-the-environmental-protection.md) _Context: U.S. Environmental Protection Agency_
4. [Terminix, in the U.S. District Court in St. Thomas, Virgin Islands, admits it "knowingly" applied fumigants including methyl bromide, which the EPA banned for residential use in 1984, at a resort in St. John that seriously sickened a family of four, and agrees to pay $10 million in fines and restitution. ](/news/2016/03/29/terminix-in-the-u-s-district-court-in-st-thomas-virgin-islands-admits-it-knowingly-applied-fumigants-including-methyl-bromide-which.md) _Context: U.S. Environmental Protection Agency_
5. [The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and California's CARB are widening the Volkswagen investigation into several more expensive VW, Porsche, and Audi automobiles with 3.0-liter diesel engines in model years 2014 through 2016. Volkswagen says it installed no defeat device software on its 3.0 litre V6 diesel cars and is cooperating with the agency to fully investigate the matter. ](/news/2015/11/2/the-u-s-environmental-protection-agency-epa-and-california-s-carb-are-widening-the-volkswagen-investigation-into-several-more-expensive-v.md) _Context: U.S. Environmental Protection Agency_
6. [Volkswagen halts sales of its 4-cylinder diesel vehicles in the United States following a U.S. Environmental Protection Agency citation that their cars violated U.S. emissions standards. ](/news/2015/09/20/volkswagen-halts-sales-of-its-4-cylinder-diesel-vehicles-in-the-united-states-following-a-u-s-environmental-protection-agency-citation-that.md) _Context: U.S. Environmental Protection Agency_
7. [The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency orders Volkswagen to fix nearly 500,000 VW and Audi diesel cars from model years 2009-2015 that include software that circumvents EPA emissions standards. The company's illegal use of so-called "defeat devices" threaten public health, in some cases releasing 40 times the pollution standard of nitrogen oxide emissions. The company faces possible U.S. fines of up to $37,500 per vehicle for the violations which could total more than $18 billion. ](/news/2015/09/18/the-u-s-environmental-protection-agency-orders-volkswagen-to-fix-nearly-500-000-vw-and-audi-diesel-cars-from-model-years-2009-2015-that-inc.md) _Context: U.S. Environmental Protection Agency_
8. [The Obama administration, through the United States Environmental Protection Agency announces new regulations on emissions of the greenhouse gas methane. ](/news/2015/08/18/the-obama-administration-through-the-united-states-environmental-protection-agency-announces-new-regulations-on-emissions-of-the-greenhouse.md) _Context: U.S. Environmental Protection Agency_
9. [Minnesota sues 3M claiming they pumped PFCs, a very toxic chemical according to the United States Environmental Protection Agency, into local waterways.](/news/2010/12/30/minnesota-sues-3m-claiming-they-pumped-pfcs-a-very-toxic-chemical-according-to-the-united-states-environmental-protection-agency-into-loca.md) _Context: U.S. Environmental Protection Agency_
10. [ The United States Environmental Protection Agency vetoes plans by the Army Corps of Engineers to build the world's largest water pump on the Mississippi River Delta raising concerns about the impact on wetlands. ](/news/2008/09/2/the-united-states-environmental-protection-agency-vetoes-plans-by-the-army-corps-of-engineers-to-build-the-world-s-largest-water-pump-on-th.md) _Context: U.S. Environmental Protection Agency_
