### [2004-03-18](/news/2004/03/18/index.md)

#  Howard Dean announces plans to form Democracy for America, a political organization intended to help progressive candidates holding similar views. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2004/ALLPOLITICS/03/18/dean.advocacy.ap/index.html)

### Related:

1. [ The Liberal Party of Canada opens its leadership convention, expected to be the most contentious in decades, with a keynote speech by Howard Dean. ](/news/2006/11/29/the-liberal-party-of-canada-opens-its-leadership-convention-expected-to-be-the-most-contentious-in-decades-with-a-keynote-speech-by-howar.md) _Context: Howard Dean_
2. [ Howard Dean, a former governor of Vermont and a 2004 U.S. presidential candidate, is elected chairman of the Democratic National Committee. ](/news/2005/02/12/howard-dean-a-former-governor-of-vermont-and-a-2004-u-s-presidential-candidate-is-elected-chairman-of-the-democratic-national-committee.md) _Context: Howard Dean_
3. [ John Kerry wins the Super Tuesday primaries in California, Connecticut, Georgia, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, Ohio, and Rhode Island and caucus in Minnesota, effectively clinching the nomination. Howard Dean wins in his home state of Vermont even though he is no longer actively campaigning. John Edwards is reported to be withdrawing from the race three hours before polls close in California and just as the caucuses begin in Minnesota.](/news/2004/03/2/john-kerry-wins-the-super-tuesday-primaries-in-california-connecticut-georgia-maryland-massachusetts-new-york-ohio-and-rhode-island.md) _Context: Howard Dean_
4. [ 2004 Democratic presidential primaries: John Kerry wins the Democratic caucus in Maine with 45 percent of the vote. Howard Dean comes in second place with 27 percent, with Dennis Kucinich (16 percent), John Edwards (8 percent), and Wesley Clark (4 percent) trailing.](/news/2004/02/8/2004-democratic-presidential-primaries-john-kerry-wins-the-democratic-caucus-in-maine-with-45-percent-of-the-vote-howard-dean-comes-in-se.md) _Context: Howard Dean_
5. [ Democratic Presidential Primaries: Howard Dean tells his supporters that he must win the Wisconsin Democratic primary in order to stay in the Democratic presidential race.](/news/2004/02/6/democratic-presidential-primaries-howard-dean-tells-his-supporters-that-he-must-win-the-wisconsin-democratic-primary-in-order-to-stay-in-t.md) _Context: Howard Dean_
6. [ Mini-Tuesday: Five states hold primaries and two states hold caucuses for the Democratic presidential nomination. U.S. Senator John Kerry of Massachusetts wins primary elections in Arizona, Delaware, New Mexico, Missouri and North Dakota, which a best result is 51 percent in Missouri. Senator John Edwards of North Carolina wins in South Carolina. Retired U.S. Army General Wesley Clark narrowly wins in Oklahoma. Former Vermont Governor Howard Dean, who opted to focus on the Michigan and Washington primaries the following Saturday, polls poorly in all these primaries, with a best result is third with 18% in New Mexico. For the first time, Kerry obtains a majority of elected delegates to the 2004 Democratic National Convention, with 244 delegates to Dean's 121, Edwards' 102 and Clark's 79. Senator Joseph Lieberman of Connecticut, having earlier announced "Joementum", comes in second in Delaware and announces his withdrawal from the race.](/news/2004/02/3/mini-tuesday-five-states-hold-primaries-and-two-states-hold-caucuses-for-the-democratic-presidential-nomination-u-s-senator-john-kerry-o.md) _Context: Howard Dean_
7. [ Howard Dean officially ends his campaign for President of the United States, after placing a distant third in the Wisconsin primary elections of February 17, 2004. ""I am no longer actively pursuing the presidency,"" he announced.](/news/2004/02/18/howard-dean-officially-ends-his-campaign-for-president-of-the-united-states-after-placing-a-distant-third-in-the-wisconsin-primary-electio.md) _Context: Howard Dean_
8. [ Democratic presidential nomination: Wisconsin held its primary election. John Kerry got 40% of the vote, followed by John Edwards with 34%, and Howard Dean with 18%.](/news/2004/02/17/democratic-presidential-nomination-wisconsin-held-its-primary-election-john-kerry-got-40-of-the-vote-followed-by-john-edwards-with-34.md) _Context: Howard Dean_
9. [ U.S. presidential election, 2004: Senator John Kerry wins the New Hampshire primary. Howard Dean comes second.](/news/2004/01/27/u-s-presidential-election-2004-senator-john-kerry-wins-the-new-hampshire-primary-howard-dean-comes-second.md) _Context: Howard Dean_
10. [ U.S. presidential election, 2004: The Iowa caucuses yield unexpectedly strong results for Democratic candidates John Kerry, who earns 38% of the state's delegates and John Edwards, who takes 32%. Former front-runner Howard Dean slips to 18%, and Richard A. "Dick" Gephardt's fourth-place (11%) finish prompts him to end his presidential bid.](/news/2004/01/19/u-s-presidential-election-2004-the-iowa-caucuses-yield-unexpectedly-strong-results-for-democratic-candidates-john-kerry-who-earns-38-o.md) _Context: Howard Dean_
