### [2004-03-18](/news/2004/03/18/index.md)

#  Unrest in Kosovo: NATO announces that it will reinforce its Kosovo Force, following ethnic unrest there that has killed at least 31 people over the past two days. More Serbian Orthodox Churches have been set ablaze by Albanians and violence has continued in and around Kosovo Serb enclaves. Russia and Serbia and Montenegro call for an urgent meeting of the UN Security Council. United Nations officials attempt to restore order in the province and blame the unrest on nationalist extremists on both sides. More demonstrations have taken place across Serbia, so far without the violence seen the previous day. 




### Source:

1. [B92](http://www.b92.net/english/news/index.php?order=priority)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/3525168.stm)
3. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/A3832-2004Mar18.html)

### Related:

1. [ Unrest in Kosovo: After two Albanian children are found drowned in the Ibar river in Kosovo, with a third still missing, riots erupt in the town of Kosovska Mitrovica and later spread to the entire province. Mitrovica Serbs are blamed by Albanian media for forcing the children into the river, but this is later denied by United Nations officials. At least 22 people are killed by the end of the day with hundreds injured in clashes between Serbs and Albanians; enclaves of Kosovo Serbs elsewhere in the province experience attacks by Kosovo Albanians as well as offices of UN officials which were abandoned. In reaction to the violence in Kosovo, demonstrators in Serbia march in Belgrade and set ablaze mosques in Belgrade and Nish. ](/news/2004/03/17/unrest-in-kosovo-after-two-albanian-children-are-found-drowned-in-the-ibar-river-in-kosovo-with-a-third-still-missing-riots-erupt-in-the.md) _Context: Albanians, Kosovo Serb enclaves, Serbia, UNMIK, Unrest in Kosovo_
2. [ Ivan Jovovic and Bogdan Bukomiric, both 16 years old, from Gorazdevac near Pec die after two attackers fired AK-47s on a group of children from Gorazdevac who were bathing in the river Bistrica. Four children were injured in the attack, two of which are in critical condition. UNMIK and KFOR claimed that they transferred one of them, Marko Bogicevic, to Belgrade, but he is actually in a German military hospital at Prizren, against his parents' wishes. An Italian KFOR patrol refused to lend fuel for the car which was transporting wounded children to hospital in Pec, when it ran out of fuel, and took no action when car was stoned by local Albanians. After finally arriving at Pec, doctors there refused to treat the children. KFOR claims that it is researching the location of the incident with 300 men.date=February 2010](/news/2003/08/13/ivan-jovovic-and-bogdan-bukomiric-both-16-years-old-from-goraa3-4devac-near-pec-die-after-two-attackers-fired-ak-47s-on-a-group-of-children.md) _Context: Albanians, Kosovo Force, UNMIK_
3. [NATO intervenes in the border clashes between Kosovo and Serbia. ](/news/2011/07/27/nato-intervenes-in-the-border-clashes-between-kosovo-and-serbia.md) _Context: NATO, Serbia_
4. [A mass grave containing the bodies of 250 ethnic Albanians from the Kosovo War is discovered in Serbia. ](/news/2010/05/10/a-mass-grave-containing-the-bodies-of-250-ethnic-albanians-from-the-kosovo-war-is-discovered-in-serbia.md) _Context: Albanians, Serbia_
5. [ Serbian Minister on Kosovo Slobodan Samardzic submits to UNMIK a plan suggesting Kosovo's division into cantons along ethnic lines. ](/news/2008/04/3/serbian-minister-on-kosovo-slobodan-samarda3-4ia-submits-to-unmik-a-plan-suggesting-kosovo-s-division-into-cantons-along-ethnic-lines.md) _Context: Serbia, UNMIK_
6. [ UNMIK and NATO KFOR forces clashed with Serb protesters in North Kosovo resulting in over 150 wounded after arresting Serb lawyers and court officials who had taken control of a UN court. The clashes are part of ongoing unrest following Kosovo's declaration of independence. ](/news/2008/03/17/unmik-and-nato-kfor-forces-clashed-with-serb-protesters-in-north-kosovo-resulting-in-over-150-wounded-after-arresting-serb-lawyers-and-cour.md) _Context: Kosovo Force, UNMIK_
7. [ United Nations police are forced to retreat from Serb areas of Mitrovica after clashes with Serb protesters. At least 22 UN policemen and two Kosovo Force soldiers are injured. ](/news/2008/03/17/united-nations-police-are-forced-to-retreat-from-serb-areas-of-mitrovica-after-clashes-with-serb-protesters-at-least-22-un-policemen-and-t.md) _Context: Kosovo Force, Serbia_
8. [ The Serbian minister for Kosovo claims that his government has information that the province's Albanian leadership will declare independence on February 17. ](/news/2008/02/8/the-serbian-minister-for-kosovo-claims-that-his-government-has-information-that-the-province-s-albanian-leadership-will-declare-independenc.md) _Context: Albanians, Serbia_
9. [ Serbia confirms the dissolution of the State Union of Serbia and Montenegro and declares independence. ](/news/2006/06/5/serbia-confirms-the-dissolution-of-the-state-union-of-serbia-and-montenegro-and-declares-independence.md) _Context: Serbia, Serbia and Montenegro_
10. [ Unrest in Kosovo: an UNMIK police patrol is attacked on the Pristina-Podujevo road. A UN police officer from Ghana is killed, a local police officer later dies of his wounds, and their translator is also wounded but in stable condition. ](/news/2004/03/23/unrest-in-kosovo-an-unmik-police-patrol-is-attacked-on-the-pristinaapodujevo-road-a-un-police-officer-from-ghana-is-killed-a-local-pol.md) _Context: UNMIK, Unrest in Kosovo_
