### [2004-03-18](/news/2004/03/18/index.md)

#  US Supreme Court Associate Justice Antonin Scalia refuses to recuse himself from a case&nbsp;- involving his friend Dick Cheney&nbsp;- considering whether the White House must release information about private meetings of Cheney's energy task force stating that duck hunting and fishing trip "was not an intimate setting" and that the energy case was never discussed. 




### Source:

1. [SC](http://a257.g.akamaitech.net/7/257/2422/18mar20041000/www.supremecourtus.gov/opinions/03pdf/03-475.pdf)

### Related:

1. [ President Barack Obama nominates Merrick Garland to replace Antonin Scalia on the Supreme Court of the United States. ](/news/2016/03/16/president-barack-obama-nominates-merrick-garland-to-replace-antonin-scalia-on-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: Antonin Scalia, United States Supreme Court_
2. [United States Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia dies at age 79. ](/news/2016/02/13/united-states-supreme-court-justice-antonin-scalia-dies-at-age-79.md) _Context: Antonin Scalia, United States Supreme Court_
3. [ A fire breaks out at the Old Executive Office Building in Washington, D.C., which houses ceremonial offices of Vice President Dick Cheney and the majority of White House staff. No injuries are reported. ](/news/2007/12/19/a-fire-breaks-out-at-the-old-executive-office-building-in-washington-d-c-which-houses-ceremonial-offices-of-vice-president-dick-cheney-a.md) _Context: Dick Cheney, White House_
4. [ United States Supreme Court: Before a conservative legal organization, Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia ridicules the recent Supreme Court decision overturning anti-sodomy laws in Texas, saying that the Court had "held to be a constitutional right what had been a criminal offense at the time of the founding and for nearly 200 years thereafter." According to news reports, Scalia adopted a mocking tone to read from the court's ruling.](/news/2003/10/23/united-states-supreme-court-before-a-conservative-legal-organization-supreme-court-justice-antonin-scalia-ridicules-the-recent-supreme-co.md) _Context: Antonin Scalia, United States Supreme Court_
5. [The United States Supreme Court confirms (5-4) a temporary stay of a lower court ruling which would have required Texas to undergo new redistricting of congressional districts with large Hispanic and African American populations. The ruling was made in advance of a formal hearing on the gerrymandering case, "Abbott v. Perez", which has no scheduled hearing date yet. ](/news/2017/09/13/the-united-states-supreme-court-confirms-5a4-a-temporary-stay-of-a-lower-court-ruling-which-would-have-required-texas-to-undergo-new-red.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
6. [Kurt Volker, U.S. special representative for Ukraine, says in a BBC News interview that the White House is considering arming Ukrainian government forces fighting Pro-Russian militants with defensive weapons. ](/news/2017/07/25/kurt-volker-u-s-special-representative-for-ukraine-says-in-a-bbc-news-interview-that-the-white-house-is-considering-arming-ukrainian-gove.md) _Context: White House_
7. [The White House releases unredacted emails of people concerned about the Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity. Sensitive information revealed in the emails prompts immediate backlash and privacy concerns. ](/news/2017/07/14/the-white-house-releases-unredacted-emails-of-people-concerned-about-the-presidential-advisory-commission-on-election-integrity-sensitive-i.md) _Context: White House_
8. [The Trump Administration asks the U.S. Supreme Court to stop implementation of yesterday's ruling by Hawaii District Judge Derrick Watson that expanded the State Department's definition of "close family" used to implement the Supreme Court's June order that permits admission to the U.S. of those with a bona fide relationship. ](/news/2017/07/14/the-trump-administration-asks-the-u-s-supreme-court-to-stop-implementation-of-yesterday-s-ruling-by-hawaii-district-judge-derrick-watson-th.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
9. [The Supreme Court of the United States partially reinstates President Donald Trump's travel ban and invalidates certain injunctions that were put on the order by two federal appeals courts earlier. Final oral hearings concerning the legality of the Executive Order 13780 will be held in October 2017 at the Supreme Court. ](/news/2017/06/26/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-partially-reinstates-president-donald-trump-s-travel-ban-and-invalidates-certain-injunctions-that-wer.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
10. [The Slants win their case with the Supreme Court of the United States that the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office's rejection of their trademark under the Lanham Act due to their name being "disparaging" is an unconstitutional violation of their free speech rights under the First Amendment. ](/news/2017/06/19/the-slants-win-their-case-with-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-that-the-u-s-patent-and-trademark-office-s-rejection-of-their-tradema.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
