### [2016-08-31](/news/2016/08/31/index.md)

# Impeachment of Dilma Rousseff: President of Brazil Dilma Rousseff is removed from office by a vote of 61-20 in the Senate. Current Acting President Michel Temer will serve out the remainder of her term, which ends January 1, 2019. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-latin-america-37237513)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/08/31/americas/brazil-rousseff-impeachment-vote)

### Related:

1. [Corruption in Brazil: Brazil's Superior Electoral Court reopens the illegal campaign funding case against President Michel Temer, who was the vice presidential candidate on former President Dilma Rousseff's ticket in 2014. Temer became president in August 2016 when Rousseff was impeached, and could be unseated if the court annuls the Rousseff-Temer election victory. ](/news/2017/06/6/corruption-in-brazil-brazil-s-superior-electoral-court-reopens-the-illegal-campaign-funding-case-against-president-michel-temer-who-was-th.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff, Michel Temer, impeached_
2. [Corruption in Brazil: The Brazilian Supreme Federal Court releases a plea bargain testimony from JBS S.A., revealing that the company paid 500 million reais in bribes to politicians, including current President Michel Temer and his predecessors Dilma and Lula. ](/news/2017/05/19/corruption-in-brazil-the-brazilian-supreme-federal-court-releases-a-plea-bargain-testimony-from-jbs-s-a-revealing-that-the-company-paid-5.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff, Michel Temer_
3. [Impeachment of Dilma Rousseff: The Senate postpones the impeachment vote on suspended President Dilma Rousseff to Wednesday. ](/news/2016/08/30/impeachment-of-dilma-rousseff-the-senate-postpones-the-impeachment-vote-on-suspended-president-dilma-rousseff-to-wednesday.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff, impeached_
4. [ Impeachment of Dilma Rousseff: Vice President of Brazil, Michel Temer, assumes the presidential powers and duties as Acting President of Brazil. ](/news/2016/05/13/impeachment-of-dilma-rousseff-vice-president-of-brazil-michel-temer-assumes-the-presidential-powers-and-duties-as-acting-president-of-br.md) _Context: Michel Temer, impeached_
5. [2015-16 protests in Brazil: Marco Aurelio Mello, a Supreme Federal Court judge orders Brazil's Chamber of Deputies to start impeachment proceedings against Vice President Michel Temer over charges he helped doctor budget accounting as part of President Dilma Rousseff's administration. ](/news/2016/04/5/2015-16-protests-in-brazil-marco-aura-c-lio-mello-a-supreme-federal-court-judge-orders-brazil-s-chamber-of-deputies-to-start-impeachment-p.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff, Michel Temer_
6. [ Brazil impeachment process, 2016: President Dilma Rousseff, speaking with teachers and students, says Vice President Michel Temer and Chamber of Deputies Speaker Eduardo Cunha are jointly plotting her downfall. The two men are in line to succeed her if she is impeached. ](/news/2016/04/12/brazil-impeachment-process-2016-president-dilma-rousseff-speaking-with-teachers-and-students-says-vice-president-michel-temer-and-chamb.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff, Michel Temer_
7. [Environment of Brazil: Brazilian President Michel Temer abolishes the 46,000 sq km National Reserve of Copper and Associates (Renca) ecological reserve, which spans the borders of Amapa and Para states in northern Brazil. More than 20 domestic and multinational firms have expressed an interest in accessing the area's deposits of gold, copper, tantalum, iron ore, nickel and manganese. ](/news/2017/08/25/environment-of-brazil-brazilian-president-michel-temer-abolishes-the-46-000-sq-km-national-reserve-of-copper-and-associates-renca-ecologi.md) _Context: Michel Temer_
8. [Corruption in Brazil: Brazilian President Michel Temer is charged with corruption by Prosecutor General Rodrigo Janot. The case will now go to the Supreme Federal Court. ](/news/2017/06/27/corruption-in-brazil-brazilian-president-michel-temer-is-charged-with-corruption-by-prosecutor-general-rodrigo-janot-the-case-will-now-go.md) _Context: Michel Temer_
9. [Protestors set fire to the Ministry of Agriculture headquarters in Brasilia amid calls for the impeachment or resignation of Michel Temer as President of Brazil over allegations of corruption. ](/news/2017/05/24/protestors-set-fire-to-the-ministry-of-agriculture-headquarters-in-brasalia-amid-calls-for-the-impeachment-or-resignation-of-michel-temer-a.md) _Context: Michel Temer_
10. [Brazilian President Michel Temer deploys the Brazilian Army to the southeastern state of Espirito Santo, where a police strike has led to a wave of violence and looting, including dozens of murders in the state capital, Vitoria. ](/news/2017/02/6/brazilian-president-michel-temer-deploys-the-brazilian-army-to-the-southeastern-state-of-esparito-santo-where-a-police-strike-has-led-to-a.md) _Context: Michel Temer_
