### [2016-08-31](/news/2016/08/31/index.md)

# Myanmar's Aung San Suu Kyi holds historic peace talks to end decades of ethnic conflict in the country. 

Myanmar begins a historic peace conference on Wednesday, with the aim of ending decades of violence between the Myanmar Army and ethnic armed groups that has claimed thousands of lives.


### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/news/world/myanmar-peace-conference-1.3740494)

### Related:

1. [The Holy See and Myanmar establish full diplomatic relations following a meeting between Pope Francis and Myanmar's State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-holy-see-and-myanmar-establish-full-diplomatic-relations-following-a-meeting-between-pope-francis-and-myanmar-s-state-counsellor-aung-sa.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Burmese_
2. [Tens of thousands of people, including politicians and activists, gather for the funeral of Ko Ni, Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi's longtime adviser, who was assassinated yesterday as he walked out of the Yangon International Airport. ](/news/2017/01/30/tens-of-thousands-of-people-including-politicians-and-activists-gather-for-the-funeral-of-ko-ni-myanmar-leader-aung-san-suu-kyi-s-longtim.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Burmese_
3. [Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak leads a protest rally against the persecution of Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority in the predominately Buddhist country, and calls on Myanmar State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi and the United Nations to address the Rohingya's plight and end the violence. Myanmar's president's office said the rally is timed for Malaysian political purposes, and that Malaysia should respect the Association of Southeast Asian Nations's principle on sovereignty. ](/news/2016/12/4/malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-leads-a-protest-rally-against-the-persecution-of-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority-in-the-predominatel.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Burmese_
4. [Burmese State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi asks U.S. businesses to invest in Myanmar after Barack Obama agrees to lift U.S. sanctions. ](/news/2016/09/15/burmese-state-counsellor-aung-san-suu-kyi-asks-u-s-businesses-to-invest-in-myanmar-after-barack-obama-agrees-to-lift-u-s-sanctions.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Burmese_
5. [A Myanmar court releases 69 jailed student activists in the first wave of amnesty for the country's political prisoners, with more releases expected. This comes after State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi vowed to push for the release of all the political prisoners in Myanmar. ](/news/2016/04/8/a-myanmar-court-releases-69-jailed-student-activists-in-the-first-wave-of-amnesty-for-the-country-s-political-prisoners-with-more-releases.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Burmese_
6. [Aung San Suu Kyi, now the State Counsellor of Myanmar, says she will press for the release of political prisoners and student activists in the country, hinting that a mass amnesty may be imminent, a week after her government took power. ](/news/2016/04/7/aung-san-suu-kyi-now-the-state-counsellor-of-myanmar-says-she-will-press-for-the-release-of-political-prisoners-and-student-activists-in-t.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Burmese_
7. [In Myanmar's capital Naypyidaw, Htin Kyaw is sworn in by House Speaker Mahn Win Khaing Than as the first civilian president in 54 years. Htin Kyaw, a close aide to Aung San Suu Kyi, takes power from former general Thein Sein. ](/news/2016/03/30/in-myanmar-s-capital-naypyidaw-htin-kyaw-is-sworn-in-by-house-speaker-mahn-win-khaing-than-as-the-first-civilian-president-in-54-years-hti.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Burmese_
8. [Myanmar's parliament approves Nobel Peace Prize laureate Aung San Suu Kyi and 17 other nominees to positions in the incoming government's cabinet. Which ministry each will head was not announced. ](/news/2016/03/24/myanmar-s-parliament-approves-nobel-peace-prize-laureate-aung-san-suu-kyi-and-17-other-nominees-to-positions-in-the-incoming-government-s-ca.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Burmese_
9. [The Myanmar Assembly of the Union, or parliament, selects Htin Kyaw as the new President. Kyaw, a confidant of Aung San Suu Kyi, will be the first civilian president in decades. Suu Kyi, a Nobel Peace Prize recipient, is constitutionally barred from the office. ](/news/2016/03/15/the-myanmar-assembly-of-the-union-or-parliament-selects-htin-kyaw-as-the-new-president-kyaw-a-confidant-of-aung-san-suu-kyi-will-be-the.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Burmese_
10. [The Assembly of the Union for Myanmar meets with Aung San Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy having the majority for the first time. ](/news/2016/02/1/the-assembly-of-the-union-for-myanmar-meets-with-aung-san-suu-kyi-s-national-league-for-democracy-having-the-majority-for-the-first-time.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Burmese_
