### [2016-08-31](/news/2016/08/31/index.md)

# Turkish Interior Minister Efkan Ala resigns amid criticism over his handling of a string of ISIL and PKK terror attacks, and is replaced by Suleyman Soylu. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-turkey-security-minister-idUSKCN1162J1?il=0)

### Related:

1. [January 2016 Istanbul bombing: Turkish Interior Minister Efkan Ala says yesterday's ISIS suicide bomber had registered with Turkish immigration authorities but was not on any known militant suspects list. ](/news/2016/01/13/january-2016-istanbul-bombing-turkish-interior-minister-efkan-ala-says-yesterday-s-isis-suicide-bomber-had-registered-with-turkish-immigrat.md) _Context: Efkan Ala, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Turkish interior ministry_
2. [PKK rebellion: Turkey-ISIL conflict: A car bomb, targeting an armored vehicle transporting police personnel, explodes close to a bus terminal in the Baglar district of Diyarbakir, Turkey, killing at least seven police officers and wounding 27 more people, including 13 officers, according to a joint statement by Turkish officials and the police. The attack comes one day before Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu's scheduled visit to the city. There has been no claim of responsibility. CNN points out both Kurdish rebels and ISIL militants have claimed similar recent incidents. ](/news/2016/03/31/pkk-rebellion-turkey-isil-conflict-a-car-bomb-targeting-an-armored-vehicle-transporting-police-personnel-explodes-close-to-a-bus-termi.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Kurdistan Workers' Party_
3. [Iraqi Civil War: Battle of Tal Afar (2017): Iraqi security forces, along with Shi'ite volunteers and Kurdish Peshmerga fighters, launch a ground offensive to take the city of Tal Afar back from Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. The city has been isolated from the rest of the ISIL-held territory since the recent Mosul liberation. ](/news/2017/08/20/iraqi-civil-war-battle-of-tal-afar-2017-iraqi-security-forces-along-with-shi-ite-volunteers-and-kurdish-peshmerga-fighters-launch-a-gr.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
4. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon: The Lebanese Armed Forces launches operation "Fajr al-Joroud", and on the first day recaptures 30 km of territory near the Lebanon-Syria border formerly occupied by ISIS militants. Twenty ISIS militants were killed and 10 Lebanese soldiers were wounded. ](/news/2017/08/19/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-the-lebanese-armed-forces-launches-operation-fajr-al-joroud-and-on-the-first-day-recaptures-30-km.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [2017 Barcelona attack: A van drives into crowds of people in La Rambla, Barcelona, in what Spanish police are calling a terrorist attack, killing at least 12 people. Two suspects are taken into custody, and ISIL claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/08/17/2017-barcelona-attack-a-van-drives-into-crowds-of-people-in-la-rambla-barcelona-in-what-spanish-police-are-calling-a-terrorist-attack-ki.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [Syrian Civil War: ISIL forces raid an Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps base in vast desert spaces of eastern Homs Governorate, Syria, manned by between 12 to 18 fighters, all but one of which are killed. ](/news/2017/08/11/syrian-civil-war-isil-forces-raid-an-iranian-islamic-revolutionary-guard-corps-base-in-vast-desert-spaces-of-eastern-homs-governorate-syri.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [Battle of Mosul: Three female ISIL suicide bombers kill 15 people and injure five in three separate incidents over the last two days as the fight for Mosul winds down. ](/news/2017/07/3/battle-of-mosul-three-female-isil-suicide-bombers-kill-15-people-and-injure-five-in-three-separate-incidents-over-the-last-two-days-as-the.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian army seizes oil wells in south-west Raqqa Governorate from ISIL. ](/news/2017/07/17/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-army-seizes-oil-wells-in-south-west-raqqa-governorate-from-isil.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says ISIL leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is confirmed dead, according to information from tribal leaders close to ISIL in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. In June, Russia said it had "most likely" killed al-Baghdadi and several other high profile ISIL leaders in an airstrike but provided no evidence. ](/news/2017/07/11/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-isil-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-is-confirmed-dead-according-to-information.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [Kurdish-Turkish conflict (2015-present): According to the Turkish Army, its overnight air strike in Dargecit killed eleven militants from the Kurdistan Workers' Party. ](/news/2017/07/11/kurdish-turkish-conflict-2015-present-according-to-the-turkish-army-its-overnight-air-strike-in-dargeassit-killed-eleven-militants-fr.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party_
