### [2016-08-31](/news/2016/08/31/index.md)

# United Airlines Flight 880 makes an emergency landing at Shannon Airport in the Republic of Ireland due to "severe and unexpected turbulence". At least 12 people are hospitalized. 

Twelve people are taken to hospital after transatlantic turbulence prompts an emergency landing at Shannon Airport.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-37228479)

### Related:

1. [Ten rhinoceros horns seized in recent weeks at Shannon Airport in Ireland are said to be "rare" and "of international significance". ](/news/2010/01/22/ten-rhinoceros-horns-seized-in-recent-weeks-at-shannon-airport-in-ireland-are-said-to-be-rare-and-of-international-significance.md) _Context: Irish, Shannon Airport_
2. [A man is held in custody in Ireland after threatening that there was a bomb on board a transatlantic flight which had to land in an emergency at Shannon Airport. ](/news/2010/01/14/a-man-is-held-in-custody-in-ireland-after-threatening-that-there-was-a-bomb-on-board-a-transatlantic-flight-which-had-to-land-in-an-emergenc.md) _Context: Irish, Shannon Airport_
3. [ Irish minister Frank Fahy accuses US Immigration authorities at Shannon Airport of acting 'disgracefully' in turning back a group of 13 Irish musicians travelling to attend New York benefit concert to raise money for an Irish cancer victim in the United States for treatment. Ireland's 2003 Eurovision Song Contest singer Mickey Joe Harte, one of the singers refused entry, said they were told they needed no visas in their case. However, at Shannon, the musicians were suddenly told they needed work visas, though the event was for charity and they were providing their services 'free of charge'. Irish people travelling to the United States do not normally need visas except to get paid employment. The concert is scheduled for Friday.](/news/2003/09/3/irish-minister-frank-fahy-accuses-us-immigration-authorities-at-shannon-airport-of-acting-disgracefully-in-turning-back-a-group-of-13-iri.md) _Context: Irish, Shannon Airport_
4. [Irish low-cost airline Ryanair cancels 82 Sunday flights as the first step in a six-week program that will eliminate 40 to 50 flights daily to wipe out its crew vacation backlog in order to meet Irish Aviation Authority requirements by the end of this year. ](/news/2017/09/16/irish-low-cost-airline-ryanair-cancels-82-sunday-flights-as-the-first-step-in-a-six-week-program-that-will-eliminate-40-to-50-flights-daily.md) _Context: Irish_
5. [A 3 year-old boy is stabbed to death in an incident in the Poddle Park area of Kimmage in Dublin, Ireland. The child's mother, believed to be an Iranian national, is being treated for knife wounds in hospital. ](/news/2017/07/10/a-3-year-old-boy-is-stabbed-to-death-in-an-incident-in-the-poddle-park-area-of-kimmage-in-dublin-ireland-the-child-s-mother-believed-to-b.md) _Context: Irish_
6. [Leo Varadkar becomes the new party leader of Fine Gael, after winning 51 of 73 votes in the parliamentary party, and is expected to become Taoiseach (Prime Minister) of Ireland, which would make him the youngest and first openly gay man to be Taoiseach, as well as being the first of half-Indian descent. ](/news/2017/06/2/leo-varadkar-becomes-the-new-party-leader-of-fine-gael-after-winning-51-of-73-votes-in-the-parliamentary-party-and-is-expected-to-become-t.md) _Context: Irish_
7. [Leo Varadkar becomes the first gay Taoiseach of the Republic of Ireland. ](/news/2017/06/14/leo-varadkar-becomes-the-first-gay-taoiseach-of-the-republic-of-ireland.md) _Context: Irish_
8. [Newark Liberty International Airport in northern New Jersey is closed for almost two hours after flames are spotted coming from a United Airlines Boeing 757 jet engine. All 124 passengers and seven crew members safely evacuate the plane. ](/news/2017/05/23/newark-liberty-international-airport-in-northern-new-jersey-is-closed-for-almost-two-hours-after-flames-are-spotted-coming-from-a-united-air.md) _Context: United Airlines_
9. [A United Airlines passenger is dragged off a flight at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago. The airline company is under fire because of the mistreatment of the passenger. ](/news/2017/04/9/a-united-airlines-passenger-is-dragged-off-a-flight-at-o-hare-international-airport-in-chicago-the-airline-company-is-under-fire-because-of.md) _Context: United Airlines_
10. [European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expatriates.md) _Context: Irish_
