### [2007-04-11](/news/2007/04/11/index.md)

#  Football: The semi-finals of Copa del Rey begin in Nou Camp. Argentinian Lionel Messi scored a spectacular goal against Getafe CF.That goal is very similar to a Diego Maradona's goal against England in Mexico World Cup 1986.Both of them passed six defenders including goalkeeper and scored.




### Related:

1. [Four police forces in England say they are actively investigating allegations of child sexual abuse in association football. Several ex-players have gone public with allegations against former Crewe Alexandra and Manchester City coach Barry Bennell. ](/news/2016/11/25/four-police-forces-in-england-say-they-are-actively-investigating-allegations-of-child-sexual-abuse-in-association-football-several-ex-play.md) _Context: England, association football_
2. [According to reports in Catalonia, Argentine football star Lionel Messi has paid EUR10 million in Spanish back taxes for 2010 and 2011, and is looking to settle a claimed tax liability of EUR4.1 million for the 2007-2009 period that is the subject of a current investigation. ](/news/2013/06/24/according-to-reports-in-catalonia-argentine-football-star-lionel-messi-has-paid-a-10-million-in-spanish-back-taxes-for-2010-and-2011-and.md) _Context: Lionel Messi, association football_
3. [Argentinian football star Lionel Messi and his father are summoned to appear before a Spanish court on tax charges in September. ](/news/2013/06/20/argentinian-football-star-lionel-messi-and-his-father-are-summoned-to-appear-before-a-spanish-court-on-tax-charges-in-september.md) _Context: Lionel Messi, association football_
4. [FC Barcelona's Lionel Messi is widely hailed as the best footballer in the world after scoring four goals for the first time in his career in one UEFA Champions League game, including his fourth hat-trick of 2010. ](/news/2010/04/7/fc-barcelona-s-lionel-messi-is-widely-hailed-as-the-best-footballer-in-the-world-after-scoring-four-goals-for-the-first-time-in-his-career-i.md) _Context: Lionel Messi, association football_
5. [ English Premier League footballer Marlon King is convicted of sexual assault, imprisoned and sacked by his club Wigan Athletic F.C. ](/news/2009/10/29/english-premier-league-footballer-marlon-king-is-convicted-of-sexual-assault-imprisoned-and-sacked-by-his-club-wigan-athletic-f-c.md) _Context: England, association football_
6. [ English Premier League football club Chelsea F.C. are barred from purchasing players on transfer until January 2011 by FIFA for inducing Gal Kakuta to illegally break his contract with French Ligue 1 club RC Lens in 2007. ](/news/2009/09/3/english-premier-league-football-club-chelsea-f-c-are-barred-from-purchasing-players-on-transfer-until-january-2011-by-fifa-for-inducing-ga.md) _Context: England, association football_
7. [ Manchester United win the UEFA Champions League at the Nou Camp stadium, Barcelona, beating Bayern Munich to lift their third major trophy in their unprecedented Treble, after winning the English Premier League and FA Cup.](/news/1999/05/26/manchester-united-win-the-uefa-champions-league-at-the-nou-camp-stadium-barcelona-beating-bayern-munich-to-lift-their-third-major-trophy.md) _Context: England, Nou Camp_
8. [The charity concert organized by Ariana Grande in the wake of the 2017 Manchester Arena bombing is held in Manchester, England. ](/news/2017/06/4/the-charity-concert-organized-by-ariana-grande-in-the-wake-of-the-2017-manchester-arena-bombing-is-held-in-manchester-england.md) _Context: England_
9. [After six days of debate, the House of Commons of the United Kingdom votes to approve, with 323 votes for and 309 against, the policies set out in the Queen's Speech. In order to avoid a 'regret' amendment, Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond says that England's National Health Service is to provide free abortions to women from Northern Ireland with funds from the Government Equalities Office. ](/news/2017/06/29/after-six-days-of-debate-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-votes-to-approve-with-323-votes-for-and-309-against-the-policies-set.md) _Context: England_
10. [Six people are injured after a car ploughs into Eid al-Fitr worshippers in Newcastle upon Tyne, England. Police do not believe terrorism is involved. ](/news/2017/06/25/six-people-are-injured-after-a-car-ploughs-into-eid-al-fitr-worshippers-in-newcastle-upon-tyne-england-police-do-not-believe-terrorism-is.md) _Context: England_
