### [2007-04-11](/news/2007/04/11/index.md)

#  Football: The semi-finals of Copa del Rey begin in Nou Camp.  Argentinian Lionel Messi scored a spectacular goal against Getafe CF.That goal is very similar to a Diego Maradona's goal against England in Mexico World Cup 1986.Both of them passed six defenders including goalkeeper and scored.




### Related:

1. [Four police forces in England say they are actively investigating allegations of child sexual abuse in association football. Several ex-players have gone public with allegations against former Crewe Alexandra and Manchester City coach Barry Bennell. ](/news/2016/11/25/four-police-forces-in-england-say-they-are-actively-investigating-allegations-of-child-sexual-abuse-in-association-football-several-ex-play.md) _Context: England, association football_
2. [According to reports in Catalonia, Argentine football star Lionel Messi has paid EUR10 million in Spanish back taxes for 2010 and 2011, and is looking to settle a claimed tax liability of EUR4.1 million for the 2007-2009 period that is the subject of a current investigation. ](/news/2013/06/24/according-to-reports-in-catalonia-argentine-football-star-lionel-messi-has-paid-a-10-million-in-spanish-back-taxes-for-2010-and-2011-and.md) _Context: Lionel Messi, association football_
3. [Argentinian football star Lionel Messi and his father are summoned to appear before a Spanish court on tax charges in September. ](/news/2013/06/20/argentinian-football-star-lionel-messi-and-his-father-are-summoned-to-appear-before-a-spanish-court-on-tax-charges-in-september.md) _Context: Lionel Messi, association football_
4. [FC Barcelona's Lionel Messi is widely hailed as the best footballer in the world after scoring four goals for the first time in his career in one UEFA Champions League game, including his fourth hat-trick of 2010. ](/news/2010/04/7/fc-barcelona-s-lionel-messi-is-widely-hailed-as-the-best-footballer-in-the-world-after-scoring-four-goals-for-the-first-time-in-his-career-i.md) _Context: Lionel Messi, association football_
5. [ English Premier League footballer Marlon King is convicted of sexual assault, imprisoned and sacked by his club Wigan Athletic F.C. ](/news/2009/10/29/english-premier-league-footballer-marlon-king-is-convicted-of-sexual-assault-imprisoned-and-sacked-by-his-club-wigan-athletic-f-c.md) _Context: England, association football_
6. [ English Premier League football club Chelsea F.C. are barred from purchasing players on transfer until January 2011 by FIFA for inducing Gal Kakuta to illegally break his contract with French Ligue 1 club RC Lens in 2007. ](/news/2009/09/3/english-premier-league-football-club-chelsea-f-c-are-barred-from-purchasing-players-on-transfer-until-january-2011-by-fifa-for-inducing-ga.md) _Context: England, association football_
7. [ Manchester United win the UEFA Champions League at the Nou Camp stadium, Barcelona, beating Bayern Munich to lift their third major trophy in their unprecedented Treble, after winning the English Premier League and FA Cup.](/news/1999/05/26/manchester-united-win-the-uefa-champions-league-at-the-nou-camp-stadium-barcelona-beating-bayern-munich-to-lift-their-third-major-trophy.md) _Context: England, Nou Camp_
8. [A large scale international cyber-attack using the WannaCry ransomware package disrupts computer and telephone systems in thousands of cases across 99 countries. Affected organisations include: England's NHS, with doctors reporting messages demanding money; MegaFon and Sberbank in Russia; Telefonica, Iberdrola, and Gas Natural in Spain; and FedEx. ](/news/2017/05/12/a-large-scale-international-cyber-attack-using-the-wannacry-ransomware-package-disrupts-computer-and-telephone-systems-in-thousands-of-cases.md) _Context: England_
9. [The Met Office issues travel warnings for parts of Wales, Scotland and England as Storm Doris, described as a "weather bomb", brings gales, heavy rain and snow to the United Kingdom. At least one person is killed. ](/news/2017/02/23/the-met-office-issues-travel-warnings-for-parts-of-wales-scotland-and-england-as-storm-doris-described-as-a-aweather-bomba-brings-gal.md) _Context: England_
10. [The United Kingdom posthumously pardons around 49,000 gay and bisexual men found guilty of decades-old sodomy laws in England and Wales.  Those still living can apply for a statutory pardon.  ](/news/2017/01/31/the-united-kingdom-posthumously-pardons-around-49-000-gay-and-bisexual-men-found-guilty-of-decades-old-sodomy-laws-in-england-and-wales-th.md) _Context: England_
