### [2007-04-11](/news/2007/04/11/index.md)

#  There will be a runoff election to select the next President of East Timor after no candidate achieves a majority of votes in the first round of voting. There are three candidates in contention for the runoff; the Prime Minister of East Timor Dr Jos Ramos-Horta, the Fretilin candidate Francisco Guterres and Fernando de Arajo of the Democratic Party. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via News Limited](http://www.news.com.au/story/0,10117,21538800-401,00.html)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/6543685.stm)
3. [ABC News Online](http://www.abc.net.au/news/newsitems/200704/s1894346.htm)

### Related:

1. [ An appeals court decides that the two candidates in the runoff election to decide the next President of East Timor will be current Prime Minister of East Timor Jos Ramos-Horta and Francisco Guterres of Fretilin. Two of the unsuccessful candidates have announced that they will support Dr Ramos-Horta. ](/news/2007/04/21/an-appeals-court-decides-that-the-two-candidates-in-the-runoff-election-to-decide-the-next-president-of-east-timor-will-be-current-prime-mi.md) _Context: Francisco Guterres, Fretilin, Jose Ramos-Horta, President, Prime Minister of East Timor, second round_
2. [ East Timorese presidential election, 2007: it is announced that Prime Minister Jos Ramos-Horta won the election against Francisco Guterres of Fretilin by 69% to 31%. ](/news/2007/05/11/east-timorese-presidential-election-2007-it-is-announced-that-prime-minister-jose-ramos-horta-won-the-election-against-francisco-guterres.md) _Context: 2007, Francisco Guterres, Fretilin, Jose Ramos-Horta, Prime Minister of East Timor_
3. [Elections are held in East Timor to vote for the nation's 4th President. Francisco Guterres, runner-up in the 2007 and 2012 elections, is expected to win due to the support of Xanana Gusmao. ](/news/2017/03/20/elections-are-held-in-east-timor-to-vote-for-the-nation-s-4th-president-francisco-guterres-runner-up-in-the-2007-and-2012-elections-is-ex.md) _Context: 2007, Francisco Guterres, President_
4. [ 2008 East Timor assassination attempts:  President of East Timor Jos Ramos-Horta is shot and wounded in an attack at his home. Rebel leader Alfredo Reinhado, who led the attack, is killed. [http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2008/02/11/2159179.htm (ABC News Australia)] [http://news.theage.com.au/ramoshorta-critical-on-arrival-in-nt/20080211-1rgx.html (''Melbourne Age'')] Prime Minister of East Timor Xanana Gusmo escapes unhurt from an attack on his motorcade.](/news/2008/02/11/2008-east-timor-assassination-attempts-p-president-of-east-timor-jose-ramos-horta-is-shot-and-wounded-in-an-attack-at-his-home-rebel-lead.md) _Context: Jose Ramos-Horta, President, Prime Minister of East Timor_
5. [ Prime Minister of East Timor Jos Ramos-Horta announces he is running for president. ](/news/2007/02/25/prime-minister-of-east-timor-jose-ramos-horta-announces-he-is-running-for-president.md) _Context: Jose Ramos-Horta, President, Prime Minister of East Timor_
6. [The President of East Timor Jose Ramos-Horta concedes defeat in the East Timorese presidential election with Taur Matan Ruak and Francisco Guterres likely to contest a runoff in April. ](/news/2012/03/19/the-president-of-east-timor-josa-c-ramos-horta-concedes-defeat-in-the-east-timorese-presidential-election-with-taur-matan-ruak-and-francisco.md) _Context: Francisco Guterres, President_
7. [Voters in East Timor go to the polls for a presidential election with incumbent President Jose Ramos-Horta standing against 11 other candidates. ](/news/2012/03/17/voters-in-east-timor-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-with-incumbent-president-jose-ramos-horta-standing-against-11-other-candida.md) _Context: Jose Ramos-Horta, President_
8. [  A standoff occurs at Dili Airport as to whether jailed former Government Minister Rogerio Lobato can leave East Timor for medical treatment in Malaysia. [http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2007/08/09/2000939.htm (ABC News Australia)] Mobs burn hundreds of houses in pro-Fretilin areas between Viqueque and Baucau in protest at the appointment of Xanana Gusmao as the Prime Minister of East Timor with 60 people arrested in Baucau](/news/2007/08/9/a-standoff-occurs-at-dili-airport-as-to-whether-jailed-former-government-minister-rogerio-lobato-can-leave-east-timor-for-medical-treatmen.md) _Context: Fretilin, Prime Minister of East Timor_
9. [ East Timorese voters go to the polls to elect a new President of East Timor to replace Xanana Gusmo.](/news/2007/04/9/east-timorese-voters-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-a-new-president-of-east-timor-to-replace-xanana-gusmao.md) _Context: 2007, President_
10. [ Several candidates in the first round of the East Timor presidential elections, including the Prime Minister Jos Ramos-Horta, have called for a recount amid allegations of voting irregularities. ](/news/2007/04/12/several-candidates-in-the-first-round-of-the-east-timor-presidential-elections-including-the-prime-minister-jose-ramos-horta-have-called.md) _Context: Jose Ramos-Horta, Prime Minister of East Timor_
