### [2007-04-11](/news/2007/04/11/index.md)

#  Trade officials from the United States, European Union, India and Brazil meet in New Delhi, India, to revive the World Trade Organization's Doha round of negotiations. 




### Source:

1. [BusinessWeek](http://www.businessweek.com/ap/financialnews/D8OER8300.htm)
2. [Forbes](http://www.forbes.com/feeds/ap/2007/04/12/ap3604798.html)

### Related:

1. [The capitals of the world's two most populous nations, China and India, are blanketed in hazardous, choking smog. Beijing, on the second-highest pollution alert, is closing highways, halting or suspending construction while warning residents to stay indoors. The U.S. New Delhi embassy's monitoring station recorded an air quality index of 372,  putting air pollution levels into "hazardous" territory. No action by the New Delhi government. ](/news/2015/11/30/the-capitals-of-the-worldas-two-most-populous-nations-china-and-india-are-blanketed-in-hazardous-choking-smog-beijing-on-the-second-h.md) _Context: India, New Delhi, United States_
2. [India-United States relations:The United States files a complaint with the World Trade Organization, accusing Indian laws of discriminating against US solar panel manufacturers. ](/news/2014/02/10/india-united-states-relations-pthe-united-states-files-a-complaint-with-the-world-trade-organization-accusing-indian-laws-of-discriminating.md) _Context: India, United States, World Trade Organization_
3. [The leaders of Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa meet in New Delhi, India, for the 2012 BRICS summit. ](/news/2012/03/29/the-leaders-of-brazil-russia-india-china-and-south-africa-meet-in-new-delhi-india-for-the-2012-brics-summit.md) _Context: Brazil, India, New Delhi_
4. [Brazil announces the continuation of a "currency war" with the European Union and the United States with the extension of a financial transaction tax on foreign borrowings. ](/news/2012/03/1/brazil-announces-the-continuation-of-a-currency-war-with-the-european-union-and-the-united-states-with-the-extension-of-a-financial-transa.md) _Context: Brazil, EU, United States_
5. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: EU, United States_
6. [Following diplomatic mediation by the European Union and the United States, minority Serbs tear down a concrete wall in Mitrovica. The city's majority Albanians regarded the wall as a provocation. ](/news/2017/02/5/following-diplomatic-mediation-by-the-european-union-and-the-united-states-minority-serbs-tear-down-a-concrete-wall-in-mitrovica-the-city.md) _Context: EU, United States_
7. [An Austrian court grants a United States request to extradite Ukrainian businessman Dmytro Firtash. U.S. officials accuse Firtash of being involved in a scandal where he allegedly paid US$18.5 million in bribes for a permit to mine titanium in India, something Firtash denies. ](/news/2017/02/21/an-austrian-court-grants-a-united-states-request-to-extradite-ukrainian-businessman-dmytro-firtash-u-s-officials-accuse-firtash-of-being-i.md) _Context: India, United States_
8. [At least 13 are killed in a fire in New Delhi, India. ](/news/2016/11/11/at-least-13-are-killed-in-a-fire-in-new-delhi-india.md) _Context: India, New Delhi_
9. [Judge Keyla Blanc, of Brazil's Special Tribunal for Fans and Major Events, orders Brazil police to question U.S. swimmer Ryan Lochte over inconsistencies describing the armed robbery of himself and three other American Olympians. Gunnar Bentz and Jack Conger are later removed from a plane returning to the United States.  ](/news/2016/08/17/judge-keyla-blanc-of-brazil-s-special-tribunal-for-fans-and-major-events-orders-brazil-police-to-question-u-s-swimmer-ryan-lochte-over-in.md) _Context: Brazil, United States_
10. [The  report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council -- the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union -- calls on Israel to end  settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on  Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, "The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-a-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-a.md) _Context: EU, United States_
