### [2006-04-6](/news/2006/04/6/index.md)

#  The World Meteorological Organization has announced the retirement of a record five storm names from the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season. Retired names include Dennis, Katrina, Rita, Stan and Wilma. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2006/WEATHER/04/06/hurricane.names/index.html?section=cnn_latest)

### Related:

1. [ Hurricane Wilma goes through one of the fastest and most amazing rapid intensification processes in hurricane history to become the third Category 5 storm of 2005. Its central pressure falls to 882 mb (hPa), becoming the most intense hurricane ever recorded in the Atlantic. To date, the 2005 Atlantic Basin Hurricane Season has seen 21 storms of tropical storm strength or greater and 12 hurricanes, both of which tie the records set in 1933 and 1969, respectively. ](/news/2005/10/19/hurricane-wilma-goes-through-one-of-the-fastest-and-most-amazing-rapid-intensification-processes-in-hurricane-history-to-become-the-third-c.md) _Context: 2005 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Wilma_
2. [ Hurricane Dennis, the first hurricane of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season, approaches Cuba. It is heading towards the Gulf Coast of the United States, with landfall expected on Sunday or Monday. [http://www.nhc.noaa.gov/text/refresh/MIATCPAT4+shtml/ (NOAA)] (Wikinews)](/news/2005/07/8/hurricane-dennis-the-first-hurricane-of-the-2005-atlantic-hurricane-season-approaches-cuba-it-is-heading-towards-the-gulf-coast-of-the-u.md) _Context: 2005 Atlantic hurricane season, Dennis_
3. [Hurricane Irma strengthens to a maximum Category 5 hurricane, becoming the strongest Atlantic hurricane since 2005's Hurricane Wilma in terms of maximum sustained winds, described as "extremely dangerous." The National Hurricane Center (NHC) predicts that Irma could strengthen even more due to favorable conditions. ](/news/2017/09/5/hurricane-irma-strengthens-to-a-maximum-category-5-hurricane-becoming-the-strongest-atlantic-hurricane-since-2005-s-hurricane-wilma-in-term.md) _Context: Hurricane Wilma_
4. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina_
5. [The World Meteorological Organization (WMO) confirms a 19-meter wave (62.4 feet) recorded on 4 February 2013 in the Atlantic Ocean between Iceland and the United Kingdom is the largest ever on record. ](/news/2016/12/13/the-world-meteorological-organization-wmo-confirms-a-19-meter-wave-62-4-feet-recorded-on-4-february-2013-in-the-atlantic-ocean-between-i.md) _Context: World Meteorological Organization_
6. [The World Meteorological Organization (WMO) says greenhouse gas levels in the atmosphere reached a record high in 2014 and the relentless fueling of climate change is endangering the planet for future generations. ](/news/2015/11/9/the-world-meteorological-organization-wmo-says-greenhouse-gas-levels-in-the-atmosphere-reached-a-record-high-in-2014-and-the-relentless-fu.md) _Context: World Meteorological Organization_
7. [The United Nations' World Meteorological Organization (WMO) announces that, earlier this month, the Antarctic ozone hole widened to one of its largest sizes on record. A colder than usual stratosphere widened the hole to a peak of 28.2 million square km (10.9 million square miles). ](/news/2015/10/29/the-united-nations-world-meteorological-organization-wmo-announces-that-earlier-this-month-the-antarctic-ozone-hole-widened-to-one-of-i.md) _Context: World Meteorological Organization_
8. [The old 'Earth's highest temp' has been discredited by the WMO. ](/news/2012/09/13/the-old-earth-s-highest-temp-has-been-discredited-by-the-wmo.md) _Context: World Meteorological Organization_
9. [Hurricane Isaac arrives in the US city of New Orleans on the seventh anniversary of Hurricane Katrina hitting the city. Damage is limited. ](/news/2012/08/29/hurricane-isaac-arrives-in-the-us-city-of-new-orleans-on-the-seventh-anniversary-of-hurricane-katrina-hitting-the-city-damage-is-limited.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina_
10. [Former New Orleans Police Department officers are sentenced to decades in jail for shooting civilians after Hurricane Katrina, and a subsequent coverup. ](/news/2012/04/4/former-new-orleans-police-department-officers-are-sentenced-to-decades-in-jail-for-shooting-civilians-after-hurricane-katrina-and-a-subsequ.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina_
