### [2014-08-4](/news/2014/08/4/index.md)

# 2014 Ludian earthquake. China dispatches 2,500 People's Liberation Army soldiers to Yunnan province to search for hundreds of people missing after the earthquake. 

China sends 2,500 soldiers to boost rescue efforts in Yunnan province, after an earthquake killed hundreds of people on Sunday.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-china-28635027#)

### Related:

1. [2014 Ludian earthquake. The death toll from the earthquake in China's Yunnan province rises to 589 with nine people still missing. ](/news/2014/08/6/2014-ludian-earthquake-the-death-toll-from-the-earthquake-in-china-s-yunnan-province-rises-to-589-with-nine-people-still-missing.md) _Context: 2014 Ludian earthquake, China, Yunnan_
2. [A magnitude 6.1 earthquake kills at least 367 people and injures more than 1,700 in Yunnan, China. ](/news/2014/08/3/a-magnitude-6-1-earthquake-kills-at-least-367-people-and-injures-more-than-1-700-in-yunnan-china.md) _Context: 2014 Ludian earthquake, China, Yunnan_
3. [2017 China-India border standoff. India increases its military alert amid a border standoff with the People's Liberation Army of China at Doklam. ](/news/2017/08/12/2017-china-india-border-standoff-india-increases-its-military-alert-amid-a-border-standoff-with-the-people-s-liberation-army-of-china-at.md) _Context: China, People's Liberation Army_
4. [Authorities in China sentence Huang Yu, a computer technician from Sichuan who worked for a government department which handled state secrets, to death for leaking more than 150,000 classified documents to an unidentified foreign power. The documents in question covered secrets ranging from the ruling Communist Party to military and financial issues. ](/news/2016/04/19/authorities-in-china-sentence-huang-yu-a-computer-technician-from-sichuan-who-worked-for-a-government-department-which-handled-state-secret.md) _Context: China, People's Liberation Army_
5. [China-Pakistan relations. China's People's Liberation Army (PLA) will be deployed in Pakistan to protect the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor that connects the Chinese-operated Gwadar Port in Balochistan, Pakistan to China's Xinjiang region. Neighboring India has voiced concern about the planned move. ](/news/2016/03/13/china-pakistan-relations-china-s-people-s-liberation-army-pla-will-be-deployed-in-pakistan-to-protect-the-china-pakistan-economic-cor.md) _Context: China, People's Liberation Army_
6. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Liu Zhenmin says the United States was making political provocations with its patrols in the disputed South China Sea. He also says China is building military facilities on islands and reefs in the South China Sea as part of its national defense policy. Yesterday, U.S. President Barack Obama said, for the sake of regional stability, countries should stop building artificial islands and militarizing their claims in this sea. ](/news/2015/11/22/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-chinese-vice-foreign-minister-liu-zhenmin-says-the-united-states-was-making-political-provocati.md) _Context: China, People's Liberation Army_
7. [One person is dead and fourteen missing after floods hit Huaping County in China's Yunnan province. ](/news/2015/09/16/one-person-is-dead-and-fourteen-missing-after-floods-hit-huaping-county-in-china-s-yunnan-province.md) _Context: China, Yunnan_
8. [Cross-Strait relations. The People's Liberation Army of China holds three days of live-fire drills in the Taiwan Strait, while Taiwan holds exercises simulating Chinese submarines attacking Kinmen and being repelled by Taiwanese amphibious forces. ](/news/2015/09/11/cross-strait-relations-the-people-s-liberation-army-of-china-holds-three-days-of-live-fire-drills-in-the-taiwan-strait-while-taiwan-holds.md) _Context: China, People's Liberation Army_
9. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa. China sends an additional 232 People's Liberation Army medical workers to West Africa to combat the outbreak (in addition to the 78 that had previously been stationed). ](/news/2015/01/13/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-china-sends-an-additional-232-people-s-liberation-army-medical-workers-to-west-africa-to-combat-the-out.md) _Context: China, People's Liberation Army_
10. ["Philippines v. China". China condemns the Philippines over the latter's "pressure" over the South China Sea despite the disadvantage of the Armed Forces of the Philippines against China's People's Liberation Army. ](/news/2014/12/7/philippines-v-china-china-condemns-the-philippines-over-the-latter-s-pressure-over-the-south-china-sea-despite-the-disadvantage-of-the.md) _Context: China, People's Liberation Army_
