### [2014-08-4](/news/2014/08/4/index.md)

# 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: War in Donbass:: Ukrainian government forces recapture control of Yasynuvata from pro-Russian insurgents; government troops have now all but encircled the rebels' second-largest stronghold of Luhansk, and rebels declared a "state of siege" in Donetsk. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://ca.reuters.com/article/topNews/idCAKBN0G40YI20140804)
2. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/europe/ukrainian-military-urges-donetsk-residents-to-evacuate-clearing-way-for-advance/2014/08/04/4d060f6c-1bcb-11e4-82f9-2cd6fa8da5c4_story.html)

### Related:

1. [War in Donbass: At the Munich Security Conference, a truce between Russian-backed separatists and the Ukrainian army, per the Minsk Protocol, takes effect Monday. Pending a permanent political agreement, Russian President Vladimir Putin orders that civil registration documents issued in separatist-held areas of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine be temporarily recognized. Ukrainian authorities say this violates provisions in the Minsk agreement. This is the third such agreement because the previous two in 2014 and 2015 were violated. Low-level fighting and artillery fire never fully stopped. ](/news/2017/02/18/war-in-donbass-at-the-munich-security-conference-a-truce-between-russian-backed-separatists-and-the-ukrainian-army-per-the-minsk-protocol.md) _Context: Donetsk, Luhansk, War in Donbass_
2. [War in Donbass: Luhansk People's Republic officials in Donetsk tell U.N. agencies and several other international NGOs to leave the Luhansk region in eastern Ukraine. Despite the Minsk Protocol and Minsk II peace agreements low intensity fighting and shelling have continued non-stop in the region for over a year. ](/news/2015/09/24/war-in-donbass-luhansk-people-s-republic-officials-in-donetsk-tell-u-n-agencies-and-several-other-international-ngos-to-leave-the-luhansk.md) _Context: Donetsk, Luhansk, War in Donbass_
3. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:: Voters in break away "people's republics" (Donetsk People's Republic and Lugansk People's Republic respectively) in Donetsk and Luhansk go to the polls for parliamentary and presidential elections. Rebel leaders Alexander Zakharchenko (Donetsk) and Igor Plotnisky (Luhansk) appear set for victory in early counting in elections which will be recognised in Russia but not elsewhere. International observers noted a very high turnout. ](/news/2014/11/2/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-voters-in-break-away-people-s-republics-donetsk-people-s-republic-and-lugansk-people-s-republic-resp.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Donetsk, Luhansk_
4. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: War in Donbass:: Ukrainian government forces recapture control of Marinka on the western edge of the pro-Russian rebel-held city of Donetsk. ](/news/2014/08/5/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-war-in-donbass-ukrainian-government-forces-recapture-control-of-marinka-on-the-western-edge-of-the-pro.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Donetsk, War in Donbass_
5. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: War in Donbass:: The pro-Russian separatists in Donetsk, who are now in great danger of being encircled by the Ukraine government forces, renew their calls for Russia to send troops and arms to their aid. ](/news/2014/08/3/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-war-in-donbass-the-pro-russian-separatists-in-donetsk-who-are-now-in-great-danger-of-being-encircled.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Donetsk, War in Donbass_
6. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: War in Donbass:: Ukrainian forces retake control of the towns of Krasnohorivka and Staromykhailivka, outside the pro-Russian rebels' stronghold of Donetsk. ](/news/2014/08/2/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-war-in-donbass-ukrainian-forces-retake-control-of-the-towns-of-krasnohorivka-and-staromykhailivka-out.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Donetsk, War in Donbass_
7. [War in Donbass: A U.S. member of the OSCE monitoring mission is killed and two others injured after their vehicle drives over a land mine near Luhansk. ](/news/2017/04/23/war-in-donbass-a-u-s-member-of-the-osce-monitoring-mission-is-killed-and-two-others-injured-after-their-vehicle-drives-over-a-land-mine-ne.md) _Context: Luhansk, War in Donbass_
8. [War in Donbass: A bomb placed in an elevator shaft kills Pro-Russian, high-ranking officer of the Donetsk People's Republic's special forces, Arseny Pavlov, also known as "Motorola", in Donetsk. ](/news/2016/10/16/war-in-donbass-a-bomb-placed-in-an-elevator-shaft-kills-pro-russian-high-ranking-officer-of-the-donetsk-people-s-republic-s-special-forces.md) _Context: Donetsk, War in Donbass_
9. [War in Donbass: Three Ukrainian Army soldiers are killed and eight more are injured around separatist-controlled Donetsk and government-controlled Mariupol by Russian-backed separatists. ](/news/2016/05/30/war-in-donbass-three-ukrainian-army-soldiers-are-killed-and-eight-more-are-injured-around-separatist-controlled-donetsk-and-government-cont.md) _Context: Donetsk, War in Donbass_
10. [War in Donbass: International monitors from the OSCE report that fighting has intensified in Eastern Ukraine as a second year of a shaky truce begins. The worst of the fighting is located between government-controlled Avdiivka and separatist-controlled Yasynuvata. ](/news/2016/04/1/war-in-donbass-international-monitors-from-the-osce-report-that-fighting-has-intensified-in-eastern-ukraine-as-a-second-year-of-a-shaky-tru.md) _Context: War in Donbass, Yasynuvata_
