### [2014-08-4](/news/2014/08/4/index.md)

# China dispatches 2,500 People's Liberation Army soldiers to Yunnan province to search for hundreds of people missing after the earthquake. 

China sends 2,500 soldiers to boost rescue efforts in Yunnan province, after an earthquake killed hundreds of people on Sunday.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-china-28635027#)

### Related:

1. [The death toll from the earthquake in China's Yunnan province rises to 589 with nine people still missing. ](/news/2014/08/6/the-death-toll-from-the-earthquake-in-china-s-yunnan-province-rises-to-589-with-nine-people-still-missing.md) _Context: 2014 Ludian earthquake, People's Republic of China, Yunnan_
2. [A magnitude 6.1 earthquake kills at least 367 people and injures more than 1,700 in Yunnan, China. ](/news/2014/08/3/a-magnitude-6-1-earthquake-kills-at-least-367-people-and-injures-more-than-1-700-in-yunnan-china.md) _Context: 2014 Ludian earthquake, People's Republic of China, Yunnan_
3. [Authorities in China sentence Huang Yu, a computer technician from Sichuan who worked for a government department which handled state secrets, to death for leaking more than 150,000 classified documents to an unidentified foreign power. The documents in question covered secrets ranging from the ruling Communist Party to military and financial issues. ](/news/2016/04/19/authorities-in-china-sentence-huang-yu-a-computer-technician-from-sichuan-who-worked-for-a-government-department-which-handled-state-secret.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, military_
4. [China's People's Liberation Army (PLA) will be deployed in Pakistan to protect the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor that connects the Chinese-operated Gwadar Port in Balochistan, Pakistan to China's Xinjiang region. Neighboring India has voiced concern about the planned move. ](/news/2016/03/13/china-s-people-s-liberation-army-pla-will-be-deployed-in-pakistan-to-protect-the-chinaapakistan-economic-corridor-that-connects-the-chin.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, military_
5. [Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Liu Zhenmin says the United States was making political provocations with its patrols in the disputed South China Sea. He also says China is building military facilities on islands and reefs in the South China Sea as part of its national defense policy. Yesterday, U.S. President Barack Obama said, for the sake of regional stability,  countries should stop building artificial islands and militarizing their claims in this sea. ](/news/2015/11/22/chinese-vice-foreign-minister-liu-zhenmin-says-the-united-states-was-making-political-provocations-with-its-patrols-in-the-disputed-south-ch.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, military_
6. [One person is dead and fourteen missing after floods hit Huaping County in China's Yunnan province. ](/news/2015/09/16/one-person-is-dead-and-fourteen-missing-after-floods-hit-huaping-county-in-china-s-yunnan-province.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, Yunnan_
7. [The People's Liberation Army of China holds three days of live-fire drills in the Taiwan Strait, while Taiwan holds exercises simulating Chinese submarines attacking Kinmen and being repelled by Taiwanese amphibious forces. ](/news/2015/09/11/the-people-s-liberation-army-of-china-holds-three-days-of-live-fire-drills-in-the-taiwan-strait-while-taiwan-holds-exercises-simulating-chi.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, military_
8. [China sends an additional 232 People's Liberation Army medical workers to West Africa to combat the outbreak (in addition to the 78 that had previously been stationed). ](/news/2015/01/13/china-sends-an-additional-232-people-s-liberation-army-medical-workers-to-west-africa-to-combat-the-outbreak-in-addition-to-the-78-that-had.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, military_
9. [''Philippines v. China''China condemns the Philippines over the latter's "pressure" over the South China Sea despite the disadvantage of the Armed Forces of the Philippines against China's People's Liberation Army. ](/news/2014/12/7/philippines-v-china-pchina-condemns-the-philippines-over-the-latter-s-pressure-over-the-south-china-sea-despite-the-disadvantage-of-th.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, military_
10. [A group of knife-wielding terrorist suspects attacks people at the Kunming Railway Station in the city of Kunming in Yunnan province, south-western China. At least 29 people are killed and 130 others injured. ](/news/2014/03/1/a-group-of-knife-wielding-terrorist-suspects-attacks-people-at-the-kunming-railway-station-in-the-city-of-kunming-in-yunnan-province-south.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, Yunnan_
