### [2016-01-5](/news/2016/01/5/index.md)

# China says Chinese passengers flying from the Chinese cities of  Nanchang, Kunming, and Chongqing, will be allowed to stop at Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport before flying to a third destination. Taiwan President Ma Ying-jeou applauded  this step toward normalizing relations between the two states. Taiwan's opposition party expressed concern that Beijing is trying to interfere with the country's January 16, 2016, presidential and legislative elections. 

TAIPEI • China will allow transit stops in Taiwan for flights from three Chinese cities, China&#039;s Taiwan Affairs Office said yesterday, allowing people from the mainland to travel on from the island for the first time.. Read more at straitstimes.com.


### Source:

1. [Central News Agency](http://focustaiwan.tw/news/aipl/201601050033.aspx)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-china-taiwan-idUSKBN0UJ0LA20160106)
3. [The Straits Times](http://www.straitstimes.com/asia/asia-briefschina-allows-transit-flights-through-taiwan)

### Related:

1. [Tsai Ing-wen of the Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) is elected the first female President of Taiwan. Eric Chu, the ruling Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party) candidate concedes defeat and announced his resignation as party leader.  Ms. Tsai vowed to preserve the status quo in relations with China. The DPP supports independence for the island. ](/news/2016/01/16/tsai-ing-wen-of-the-democratic-progressive-party-dpp-is-elected-the-first-female-president-of-taiwan-eric-chu-the-ruling-kuomintang-chi.md) _Context: Chinese, Democratic Progressive Party, President of Taiwan, Taiwanese general election, 2016_
2. [  China threatens to cut off regular communication with Taiwan unless it acknowledges the "One China principle". ](/news/2016/05/22/china-threatens-to-cut-off-regular-communication-with-taiwan-unless-it-acknowledges-the-one-china-principle.md) _Context: China-Taiwan Relations, Chinese, Taiwan_
3. [China and Taiwan sign a trade deal in the southern mainland city of Chongqing. ](/news/2010/06/29/china-and-taiwan-sign-a-trade-deal-in-the-southern-mainland-city-of-chongqing.md) _Context: Chinese, Chongqing, Taiwan_
4. [ Taiwan's President Ma Ying-jeou calls on China to remove missiles targeting the island. ](/news/2009/10/30/taiwan-s-president-ma-ying-jeou-calls-on-china-to-remove-missiles-targeting-the-island.md) _Context: Ma Ying-jeou, President of Taiwan, Taiwan_
5. [ Ma Ying-jeou is elected President of the Republic of China with more than 58% of the votes in the 2008 presidential election, handing the presidency back to the Kuomintang (KMT) after eight years under the Democratic Progressive Party. ](/news/2008/03/22/ma-ying-jeou-is-elected-president-of-the-republic-of-china-with-more-than-58-of-the-votes-in-the-2008-presidential-election-handing-the-p.md) _Context: Democratic Progressive Party, Ma Ying-jeou, President of Taiwan_
6. [ A Taiwanese court clears Ma Ying-jeou, the Kuomintang Party candidate for President of the Republic of China, of charges of corruption dating from when he was the mayor of Taipei. ](/news/2007/08/14/a-taiwanese-court-clears-ma-ying-jeou-the-kuomintang-party-candidate-for-president-of-the-republic-of-china-of-charges-of-corruption-dati.md) _Context: Ma Ying-jeou, President of Taiwan, Taiwan_
7. [ Four state-owned enterprises of the Republic of China (Taiwan)--Chunghwa Post, the Chinese Petroleum Corporation, the China Shipbuilding Corporation, and the Central Bank of China--change their names to remove "China" from their titles at the request of President Chen Shui-bian. The decision is condemned by the Pan-Blue Coalition, the United States and People's Republic of China as a move towards Taiwan independence. ](/news/2007/02/12/four-state-owned-enterprises-of-the-republic-of-china-taiwan-achunghwa-post-the-chinese-petroleum-corporation-the-china-shipbuilding-c.md) _Context: Chinese, President of Taiwan, Taiwan_
8. [A spokesman for the Taiwan Affairs Office of People's Republic of China says Taiwan is barred from observing this year's World Health Assembly because current President Tsai Ing-wen has not endorsed the Beijing view that both sides belong to a single China under the One-China policy; the spokesman further said that the health of people in Taiwan is not being put at risk by Taiwan's inability to attend. ](/news/2017/05/10/a-spokesman-for-the-taiwan-affairs-office-of-people-s-republic-of-china-says-taiwan-is-barred-from-observing-this-yearas-world-health-asse.md) _Context: Taiwan, Taiwan Affairs Office_
9. [Burkina Faso and Swaziland refuse to break relations with Taiwan and recognize the One-China policy despite being offered aid from China. ](/news/2017/01/25/burkina-faso-and-swaziland-refuse-to-break-relations-with-taiwan-and-recognize-the-one-china-policy-despite-being-offered-aid-from-china.md) _Context: Chinese, Taiwan_
10. [Taiwan scrambles navy ships and jets as Chinese warships, led by the aircraft carrier ''Liaoning'', sail through the Taiwan Strait following exercises in the South China Sea. ](/news/2017/01/11/taiwan-scrambles-navy-ships-and-jets-as-chinese-warships-led-by-the-aircraft-carrier-liaoning-sail-through-the-taiwan-strait-following.md) _Context: Chinese, Taiwan_
