### [2016-01-5](/news/2016/01/5/index.md)

# The Islamic State, following Saudi Arabia's  execution of 47 people on Saturday,  threatens to destroy Saudi Arabia's Tarfiya  and al-Ha'ir Prisons holding Al-Qaeda and ISIL supporters. 




### Source:

1. [Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/reuters/article-3386562/Islamic-State-vows-destroy-Saudi-prisons-executions.html)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-saudi-security-idUSKBN0UK0V520160106)

### Related:

1. [Saudi security forces shoot dead two alleged Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants while two others blew themselves up  near Mecca, Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2016/05/5/saudi-security-forces-shoot-dead-two-alleged-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-militants-while-two-others-blew-themselves-up-near-mecca.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Saudi Arabia_
2. [United States  President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Saudi Arabia_
3. [A gunman from the Islamic State opens fire on a Shiite meeting hall in Saudi Arabia, killing five people. ](/news/2015/10/17/a-gunman-from-the-islamic-state-opens-fire-on-a-shiite-meeting-hall-in-saudi-arabia-killing-five-people.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Saudi Arabia_
4. [A U.S. special forces service member is killed while taking part in an operation against ISIL militants in Afghanistan's eastern Nangarhar Province. ](/news/2017/04/8/a-u-s-special-forces-service-member-is-killed-while-taking-part-in-an-operation-against-isil-militants-in-afghanistan-s-eastern-nangarhar-p.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [According to security sources, dozens of people are killed in an overnight attack in Tikrit by suspected ISIL militants. 31 bodies were taken to a hospital, according to a local doctor, while more continued to be found by morning. ](/news/2017/04/5/according-to-security-sources-dozens-of-people-are-killed-in-an-overnight-attack-in-tikrit-by-suspected-isil-militants-31-bodies-were-take.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [The United Nations announces expansion of civilian camps for people fleeing Mosul, following resumption of airstrikes  on ISIL-held portions of the Iraqi city. ](/news/2017/04/4/the-united-nations-announces-expansion-of-civilian-camps-for-people-fleeing-mosul-following-resumption-of-airstrikes-on-isil-held-portions.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [Saudi Arabia is among twelve countries newly elected to the United Nations Commission on the Status of Women, despite of the nation's conflicts with women's rights. ](/news/2017/04/25/saudi-arabia-is-among-twelve-countries-newly-elected-to-the-united-nations-commission-on-the-status-of-women-despite-of-the-nation-s-confli.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
8. [Two people are killed in an attack in a Federal Security Service office in the Russian city of Khabarovsk. The gunman is also killed. The US-Israeli SITE Intelligence Group says Amaq News Agency claims the attack for Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. The Russian Federal Security Service says the native 18-year-old perpetrator was a known member of a neo-nazi group. ](/news/2017/04/21/two-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-in-a-federal-security-service-office-in-the-russian-city-of-khabarovsk-the-gunman-is-also-killed-the-us.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [Twelve Saudi Arabian military officers die after their Sikorsky UH-60 Black Hawk crashes in Yemen's Ma'rib Governorate. ](/news/2017/04/18/twelve-saudi-arabian-military-officers-die-after-their-sikorsky-uh-60-black-hawk-crashes-in-yemen-s-ma-rib-governorate.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
10. [The Afghan Ministry of Defense reports as many as 36 suspected ISIL militants were killed while no civilians were harmed in yesterday's bombing in Nangarhar Province using the so-called "mother of all bombs" (GBU-43). The ministry spokesman added these deaths have not been independently verified. ](/news/2017/04/14/the-afghan-ministry-of-defense-reports-as-many-as-36-suspected-isil-militants-were-killed-while-no-civilians-were-harmed-in-yesterday-s-bomb.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
