### [2016-01-5](/news/2016/01/5/index.md)

# War in Afghanistan (2015-present). A United States Army soldier is killed and two others wounded in a joint operation with Afghan National Security Forces in Afghanistan's southern Helmand Province. 

The death occurred near the town of Marja.


### Source:

1. [Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/checkpoint/wp/2016/01/05/one-u-s-soldier-killed-two-wounded-in-helmand-province-afghanistan/)

### Related:

1. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). Taliban insurgents seize control of the strategic town of Sangin in the southern Helmand Province after a year-long battle with Afghan security forces. ](/news/2017/03/23/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-taliban-insurgents-seize-control-of-the-strategic-town-of-sangin-in-the-southern-helmand-province-after.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Helmand Province, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
2. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). A suicide bombing kills at least 14 people, mostly police officers, in Lashkargah, Helmand Province, as Taliban insurgents advance upon the Afghan city. ](/news/2016/10/10/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-suicide-bombing-kills-at-least-14-people-mostly-police-officers-in-lashkargah-helmand-province-as.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Helmand Province, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
3. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). A U.S. service member becomes the first U.S. military combat casualty in Afghanistan since January 2016 when he is killed by an improvised explosive device (IED) while on patrol near the city of Lashkar Gah in Afghanistan's southern Helmand Province. Another American service member and six Afghan soldiers were also injured in the blast. ](/news/2016/08/23/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-u-s-service-member-becomes-the-first-u-s-military-combat-casualty-in-afghanistan-since-january-2016.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Helmand Province, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
4. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). Taliban militants attack government offices in the southern Helmand Province of Afghanistan, with at least 10 killed, including seven of the attackers. ](/news/2016/03/9/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-taliban-militants-attack-government-offices-in-the-southern-helmand-province-of-afghanistan-with-at-le.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Helmand Province, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
5. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). The United States sends more troops to Afghanistan's southern Helmand province to shore up security forces who are facing sustained attacks from the Taliban. ](/news/2016/02/9/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-the-united-states-sends-more-troops-to-afghanistan-s-southern-helmand-province-to-shore-up-security-for.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Helmand Province, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
6. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). At least ten Afghan police officers are killed in a Taliban attack on checkpoints in Helmand Province. ](/news/2015/05/24/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-at-least-ten-afghan-police-officers-are-killed-in-a-taliban-attack-on-checkpoints-in-helmand-province.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Helmand Province, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
7. [ Conflict in Afghanistan: U.S. Troops kill four Afghan police, after mistaking them for militants in the Girishk district of the Helmand Province. ](/news/2005/10/7/conflict-in-afghanistan-u-s-troops-kill-four-afghan-police-after-mistaking-them-for-militants-in-the-girishk-district-of-the-helmand-pro.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Helmand Province, United States Army_
8. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). A suicide bomber attacks a convoy in Afghanistan's Kabul province, killing a Georgian soldier and three civilians and wounding 13 others, including six Resolute Support personnel. ](/news/2017/08/3/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-suicide-bomber-attacks-a-convoy-in-afghanistan-s-kabul-province-killing-a-georgian-soldier-and-three.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
9. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). An explosion kills at least 29 people and injures dozens more at a Shia mosque in Herat, Afghanistan. ](/news/2017/08/1/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-an-explosion-kills-at-least-29-people-and-injures-dozens-more-at-a-shia-mosque-in-herat-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
10. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). An Afghan soldier kills 3 U.S. troops and injures 1 other in Achin, Nangarhar Province. The Taliban claims responsibility, saying the Afghan soldier was one of several Taliban infiltrators in the Afghan Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/06/10/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-an-afghan-soldier-kills-3-u-s-troops-and-injures-1-other-in-achin-nangarhar-province-the-taliban-cla.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
