### [2006-01-26](/news/2006/01/26/index.md)

#  Liberal Democrat MEP for London, Sarah Ludford, who is leading a European Parliament investigation into the U.S. policy of "extraordinary rendition", says she may invite Vice President of the United States Dick Cheney, United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld or United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice to testify. 




### Source:

1. [Irish Independent Newspaper](http://www.unison.ie/breakingnews/index.php3?ca=27&si=86003&breakingnews=1)

### Related:

1. [ The United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and the United States Secretary of Defense Robert Gates travel to the Middle East to offer increased aid to allies of the United States and to seek advice on Iraq. ](/news/2007/07/30/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-and-the-united-states-secretary-of-defense-robert-gates-travel-to-the-middle-east-to.md) _Context: Condoleezza Rice, Defense Secretary, United States Secretary of State_
2. [ United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld and Secretary of State Colin Powell defend their pre-September 11 actions, saying that even if Osama bin Laden had been killed, the attacks on the World Trade Center and The Pentagon would have still occurred. Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright and former Secretary of Defense William Cohen also testify before the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States. ](/news/2004/03/23/united-states-secretary-of-defense-donald-rumsfeld-and-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-defend-their-pre-september-11-actions-saying-that-e.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld, United States Secretary of State_
3. [ Spanish Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar personally asks United States President George W. Bush to silence Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld, indicating that Rumsfeld's numerous public remarks on European countries' Iraq policies are generally viewed as inflammatory and overwhelmingly counterproductive within the European diplomatic community. Aznar indicated a preference for Secretary of State Colin Powell.](/news/2003/02/27/spanish-prime-minister-josa-c-maraa-aznar-personally-asks-united-states-president-george-w-bush-to-silence-secretary-of-defense-donald-rum.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld, United States Secretary of State_
4. [An altercation with a fellow UKIP MEP inside the European Parliament leaves UK Independence Party, Member of the European Parliament, and current UKIP party leadership favorite Steven Woolfe hospitalized. ](/news/2016/10/6/an-altercation-with-a-fellow-ukip-mep-inside-the-european-parliament-leaves-uk-independence-party-member-of-the-european-parliament-and-cu.md) _Context: European Parliament, Member of the European Parliament_
5. [Former United Kingdom Independence Party Member of the European Parliament Ashley Mote is jailed for 5 years for fraudulently claiming almost GBP500k in European Parliament expenses. ](/news/2015/07/13/former-united-kingdom-independence-party-member-of-the-european-parliament-ashley-mote-is-jailed-for-5-years-for-fraudulently-claiming-almos.md) _Context: European Parliament, Member of the European Parliament_
6. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry and Russian Foreign Affairs Minister Sergey Lavrov meet in London, United Kingdom, to discuss the current Crimean crisis. ](/news/2014/03/14/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-and-russian-foreign-affairs-minister-sergey-lavrov-meet-in-london-united-kingdom-to-discuss-th.md) _Context: London, United States Secretary of State_
7. [There is a row in the European Parliament as French and German MEPs attack Ireland's 12.5% corporate tax rate. ](/news/2010/11/30/there-is-a-row-in-the-european-parliament-as-french-and-german-meps-attack-ireland-s-12-5-corporate-tax-rate.md) _Context: European Parliament, Member of the European Parliament_
8. [Former Vice President of the United States Dick Cheney admits he has received a small heart pump to combat "increasing congestive heart failure". ](/news/2010/07/15/former-vice-president-of-the-united-states-dick-cheney-admits-he-has-received-a-small-heart-pump-to-combat-increasing-congestive-heart-fail.md) _Context: Dick Cheney, U.S. Vice President_
9. [Former Vice President of the United States Dick Cheney, who has a long history of heart problems, is hospitalized. ](/news/2010/06/26/former-vice-president-of-the-united-states-dick-cheney-who-has-a-long-history-of-heart-problems-is-hospitalized.md) _Context: Dick Cheney, U.S. Vice President_
10. [ Head of the CIA Leon Panetta accuses former United States Vice President Dick Cheney of hiding an intelligence program from Congress. ](/news/2009/07/12/head-of-the-cia-leon-panetta-accuses-former-united-states-vice-president-dick-cheney-of-hiding-an-intelligence-program-from-congress.md) _Context: Dick Cheney, U.S. Vice President_
