### [2009-09-27](/news/2009/09/27/index.md)

#  Italian Premier Silvio Berlusconi tells a rally in Milan about his encounters with President of the United States Barack Obama, saying: "What's his name? Some tanned guy... Ah, Barack Obama!", also commenting on his wife Michelle: "You won't believe it, but two of them went to the beach because the wife is also tanned". 

Silvio Berlusconi, Italy&#039;s gaffe-prone prime minister, has again referred to US President Barack Obama as &#034;suntanned&#034;, days after being snubbed by Michelle Obama at the G20 meeting in Pittsburgh.


### Source:

1. [IOL](http://www.int.iol.co.za/index.php?set_id=1&click_id=3&art_id=nw20090927223141133C260445)
2. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/italy/6237409/Silvio-Berlusconi-calls-Barack-Obama-tanned---again.html)

### Related:

1. [ Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi repeats a comment that United States President-elect Barack Obama is "young, handsome and also tanned," refusing to apologize for remarks he insisted are "flattering". ](/news/2008/11/10/italian-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-repeats-a-comment-that-united-states-president-elect-barack-obama-is-young-handsome-and-also-tan.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Italian, Italian Prime Minister, President, Silvio Berlusconi_
2. [Silvio Berlusconi prostitute trial: An Italian court orders former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi to stand trial on April 4 on charges of allegedly bribing witnesses with -10 million (US$11 million) in order to silence them over accusations he paid for sex with young women. ](/news/2017/01/28/silvio-berlusconi-prostitute-trial-an-italian-court-orders-former-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-to-stand-trial-on-april-4-on-charges-of.md) _Context: Italian, Italian Prime Minister, Silvio Berlusconi_
3. [Italy's top court confirms that former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi will serve a prison sentence for a tax fraud conviction. ](/news/2013/08/1/italy-s-top-court-confirms-that-former-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-will-serve-a-prison-sentence-for-a-tax-fraud-conviction.md) _Context: Italian, Italian Prime Minister, Silvio Berlusconi_
4. [An Italian appeals court upholds the conviction of former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi on tax fraud and sentences him to four years in prison. ](/news/2013/05/8/an-italian-appeals-court-upholds-the-conviction-of-former-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-on-tax-fraud-and-sentences-him-to-four-years-in-p.md) _Context: Italian, Italian Prime Minister, Silvio Berlusconi_
5. [Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi is convicted of arranging an illegal wiretap and is sentenced to a year in jail. ](/news/2013/03/7/former-italian-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-is-convicted-of-arranging-an-illegal-wiretap-and-is-sentenced-to-a-year-in-jail.md) _Context: Italian, Italian Prime Minister, Silvio Berlusconi_
6. [An Idaho man, Oscar Ramiro Ortega-Hernandez, is charged with the attempted assassination of U.S. President Barack Obama, after two bullets are found embedded in the exterior of the White House. The President and First Lady were not present at the time of the alleged attack. ](/news/2011/11/17/an-idaho-man-oscar-ramiro-ortega-hernandez-is-charged-with-the-attempted-assassination-of-u-s-president-barack-obama-after-two-bullets-a.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Michelle Obama, President_
7. [A Milan court orders Fininvest, Prime Minister of Italy Silvio Berlusconi's family company, to pay 560 million euros in damages to Compagnie Industriali Riunite in a long running legal dispute. ](/news/2011/07/9/a-milan-court-orders-fininvest-prime-minister-of-italy-silvio-berlusconi-s-family-company-to-pay-560-million-euros-in-damages-to-compagnie.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister, Milan, Silvio Berlusconi_
8. [Voters in Italian cities including Milan and Naples go to the polls for the second round of local government elections with candidates supported by Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi losing in both cities. ](/news/2011/05/30/voters-in-italian-cities-including-milan-and-naples-go-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-local-government-elections-with-candidates-suppo.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister, Milan, Silvio Berlusconi_
9. [President of France Nicolas Sarkozy and Prime Minister of Italy Silvio Berlusconi meet to discuss what to do about migrants from North Africa who want to join relatives, with reports that the Schengen Agreement is to be amended so the two can deal with the issue. ](/news/2011/04/26/president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-and-prime-minister-of-italy-silvio-berlusconi-meet-to-discuss-what-to-do-about-migrants-from-north-afric.md) _Context: Italian, Italian Prime Minister, Silvio Berlusconi_
10. [Prime Minister of Italy Silvio Berlusconi brands "disgusting" a request by prosecutors in Milan to have him put on trial immediately in relation to sexual relations with underage prostitutes which allegedly occurred at one of his house parties. ](/news/2011/02/9/prime-minister-of-italy-silvio-berlusconi-brands-disgusting-a-request-by-prosecutors-in-milan-to-have-him-put-on-trial-immediately-in-rela.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister, Milan, Silvio Berlusconi_
