### [2009-09-27](/news/2009/09/27/index.md)

#  Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Gordon Brown denies rumours concerning his health as the British Labour Party gathers for its conference in Brighton, expressing his amazement with Andrew Marr of the BBC for questioning him live on television. 

Downing Street was involved in a heated row with the BBC last night over the corporation&rsquo;s &ldquo;astonishing&rdquo; questioning of Gordon Brown&#039;s health.


### Source:

1. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/politics/gordon-brown/6237419/BBC-stuns-Gordon-Brown-with-question-on-pill-taking.html)
2. [The Times](http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/politics/article6851283.ece)

### Related:

1. [ Labour Party Members of the United Kingdom's Parliament circulate an e-mail that requests Prime Minister Gordon Brown's resignation. ](/news/2009/06/3/labour-party-members-of-the-united-kingdom-s-parliament-circulate-an-e-mail-that-requests-prime-minister-gordon-brown-s-resignation.md) _Context: Britain, Gordon Brown, Labour, Prime Minister_
2. [Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-conservatives-battling-in-a-tight-race.md) _Context: Britain, Labour, Prime Minister_
3. [British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held-on-the-8th-of-june-a-two-thirds-major.md) _Context: Britain, Labour, Prime Minister_
4. [A report about the United Kingdom's involvement in the Iraq War is released. The chairman of the inquiry, Sir John Chilcot, said that the invasion was not a "last resort" and was based on "flawed intelligence and assessments". The inquiry was announced on 15 June 2009 by then-Prime Minister Gordon Brown. The final hearing was held on 2 February 2011. ](/news/2016/07/6/a-report-about-the-united-kingdom-s-involvement-in-the-iraq-war-is-released-the-chairman-of-the-inquiry-sir-john-chilcot-said-that-the-in.md) _Context: Britain, Gordon Brown, Prime Minister_
5. [The Conservative Party's David Cameron kisses the hands of Queen Elizabeth II to become Prime Minister of the United Kingdom after Gordon Brown resigns as Prime Minister and as Leader of the British Labour Party. ](/news/2010/05/11/the-conservative-party-s-david-cameron-kisses-the-hands-of-queen-elizabeth-ii-to-become-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-after-gordon-br.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Labour, Prime Minister_
6. [Ex-Cabinet Ministers Geoff Hoon and Patricia Hewitt call for a secret ballot to settle the debate over the leadership of the Labour Party of British Prime Minister Gordon Brown. ](/news/2010/01/6/ex-cabinet-ministers-geoff-hoon-and-patricia-hewitt-call-for-a-secret-ballot-to-settle-the-debate-over-the-leadership-of-the-labour-party-of.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Labour, Prime Minister_
7. [ British Prime Minister Gordon Brown travels to Cumbria to meet victims of the floods that have affected the area. ](/news/2009/11/21/british-prime-minister-gordon-brown-travels-to-cumbria-to-meet-victims-of-the-floods-that-have-affected-the-area.md) _Context: Britain, Gordon Brown, Prime Minister_
8. [ British Prime Minister Gordon Brown apologises for the post-war treatment of celebrated WWII code-breaker Alan Turing, who was chemically castrated for having homosexual relations. ](/news/2009/09/10/british-prime-minister-gordon-brown-apologises-for-the-post-war-treatment-of-celebrated-wwii-code-breaker-alan-turing-who-was-chemically-c.md) _Context: Britain, Gordon Brown, Prime Minister_
9. [ Former United Kingdom Cabinet Ministers Hazel Blears, James Purnell, John Hutton, and Caroline Flint coordinated their resignations to compel Prime Minister Gordon Brown to also resign. ](/news/2009/06/7/former-united-kingdom-cabinet-ministers-hazel-blears-james-purnell-john-hutton-and-caroline-flint-coordinated-their-resignations-to-comp.md) _Context: Britain, Gordon Brown, Prime Minister_
10. [ United Kingdom Secretary of State for Work and Pensions James Purnell announces his resignation and requests that Prime Minister Gordon Brown also resign. [http://www.guardian.co.uk/politics/2009/jun/04/james-purnell-resigns-gordon-brown-cabinet "(Guardian)"]](/news/2009/06/4/united-kingdom-secretary-of-state-for-work-and-pensions-james-purnell-announces-his-resignation-and-requests-that-prime-minister-gordon-bro.md) _Context: Britain, Gordon Brown, Prime Minister_
