### [2009-09-27](/news/2009/09/27/index.md)

#  Second South America-Africa Summit (ASA) on Isla Margarita:: The leaders of Libya and Venezuela, Muammar al-Gaddafi and Hugo Chavez, call on the continents of Africa and South America to unite to secure prosperity for future generations. 

South America-Africa summit aims to increase co-operation and trade between continents.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/americas/2009/09/20099271133771129.html)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/8277016.stm)
3. [Reuters](http://af.reuters.com/article/topNews/idAFJOE58Q00A20090927)
4. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/2009-09/27/content_12116296.htm)

### Related:

1. [ Libyan leader Muammar al-Gaddafi and Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez sign eight accords in Caracas following the weekend's second ASA summit. ](/news/2009/09/28/libyan-leader-muammar-al-gaddafi-and-venezuelan-president-hugo-cha-vez-sign-eight-accords-in-caracas-following-the-weekend-s-second-asa-sum.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Libya, Muammar al-Gaddafi, Venezuela_
2. [Due to recent floods in Venezuela, President Hugo Chavez announces the erection in his garden of a Bedouin tent given as a gift by Muammar al-Gaddafi from which he is to live and govern to make room for more homeless families in his presidential palace at Miraflores. 25 families made homeless by the disaster had already sought shelter there and Chavez has been personally supervising the provision of relief in the country. ](/news/2010/12/11/due-to-recent-floods-in-venezuela-president-hugo-cha-vez-announces-the-erection-in-his-garden-of-a-bedouin-tent-given-as-a-gift-by-muammar.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Muammar al-Gaddafi, Venezuela_
3. [ Libyan leader Muammar al-Gaddafi says he will demand a permanent place in the United Nations Security Council for Africa and compensation worth 777 trillion dollars for years of colonialism in New York later this month. ](/news/2009/09/10/libyan-leader-muammar-al-gaddafi-says-he-will-demand-a-permanent-place-in-the-united-nations-security-council-for-africa-and-compensation-w.md) _Context: Africa, Libya, Muammar al-Gaddafi_
4. [United States-Venezuela relations: The U.S. imposes new sanctions on eight Venezuelan officials, including Secretary of the 2017 Constituent Assembly Adan Chavez - the late President Hugo Chavez's brother, to "deter further democratic backsliding" in the South American country. ](/news/2017/08/9/united-states-venezuela-relations-the-u-s-imposes-new-sanctions-on-eight-venezuelan-officials-including-secretary-of-the-2017-constitue.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Venezuela_
5. [2017 Venezuelan protests: The birthplace of late President Hugo Chavez is burned by protesters as violence and looting spreads through Barinas, Venezuela following the death of a protester. ](/news/2017/05/22/2017-venezuelan-protests-the-birthplace-of-late-president-hugo-cha-vez-is-burned-by-protesters-as-violence-and-looting-spreads-through-bari.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Venezuela_
6. [Mercosur suspends Venezuela from the South American trading bloc for failing to meet membership requirements on trade and human rights. ](/news/2016/12/2/mercosur-suspends-venezuela-from-the-south-american-trading-bloc-for-failing-to-meet-membership-requirements-on-trade-and-human-rights.md) _Context: South America, Venezuela_
7. [Non-aligned Movement: Around ten heads of state attend the 17th Non-aligned Movement summit in Isla Margarita, Venezuela, including Evo Morales of Bolivia, Raul Castro of Cuba, Rafael Correa of Ecuador, Hassan Rouhani of Iran, Mahmoud Abbas of the State of Palestine, Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe, and Venezuela's president Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/09/17/non-aligned-movement-around-ten-heads-of-state-attend-the-17th-non-aligned-movement-summit-in-isla-margarita-venezuela-including-evo-mora.md) _Context: Isla Margarita, Venezuela_
8. [Human rights in Venezuela: The South American trading bloc Mercosur threatens to suspend Venezuela if it does not protect human rights and enact a law guaranteeing the free movement of Mercosur citizens. The bloc sets a deadline of December 1, 2016, for Venezuela to comply with their requirements. ](/news/2016/09/14/human-rights-in-venezuela-the-south-american-trading-bloc-mercosur-threatens-to-suspend-venezuela-if-it-does-not-protect-human-rights-and-e.md) _Context: South America, Venezuela_
9. [Venezuelan parliamentary election, 2015: Venezuelan opposition leaders say their Democratic Unity Roundtable has won control of the 167-seat legislature from the ruling Socialists for the first time since 1998. There is no confirmation on Sunday's election from the national electoral board. An opposition victory would be a major setback for the socialist revolution started 17 years ago by the late Hugo Chavez. ](/news/2015/12/6/venezuelan-parliamentary-election-2015-venezuelan-opposition-leaders-say-their-democratic-unity-roundtable-has-won-control-of-the-167-seat.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Venezuela_
10. [A boat carrying 250 people from Africa to Europe sinks off the coast off Tajoura in Libya with most people feared drowned. ](/news/2014/09/14/a-boat-carrying-250-people-from-africa-to-europe-sinks-off-the-coast-off-tajoura-in-libya-with-most-people-feared-drowned.md) _Context: Africa, Libya_
