### [2007-03-14](/news/2007/03/14/index.md)

#  The United Kingdom Government wins the support of the House of Commons to update the Trident nuclear missile system. There was a significant revolt within the Labour Party, with two PPSs, Stephen Pound and Chris Ruane, resigning. 

Latest breaking news, including politics, crime and celebrity. Find stories, updates and expert opinion.


### Source:

1. [UK Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml?xml=/news/2007/03/14/ntrident614.xml)

### Related:

1. [ The British House of Commons considers anti-terrorism legislation extending the period of preventive detention to 42 days with a close vote expected due to a backbench revolt in the Labour Party. The House eventually passes the bill by 315 votes to 306. ](/news/2008/06/11/the-british-house-of-commons-considers-anti-terrorism-legislation-extending-the-period-of-preventive-detention-to-42-days-with-a-close-vote.md) _Context: British House of Commons, Labour Party_
2. [ Nigel Griffiths resigns as the Deputy Leader of the British House of Commons  over the proposed expansion of the Trident missile system. ](/news/2007/03/12/nigel-griffiths-resigns-as-the-deputy-leader-of-the-british-house-of-commons-over-the-proposed-expansion-of-the-trident-missile-system.md) _Context: British House of Commons, Trident nuclear missile system_
3. [ United Kingdom: The House of Commons votes to approve an education reform bill. The Prime minister, Tony Blair's authority is called into question for his relying on the opposition Conservative party to secure the vote, due to revolt within his own Labour party. ](/news/2006/03/15/united-kingdom-the-house-of-commons-votes-to-approve-an-education-reform-bill-the-prime-minister-tony-blair-s-authority-is-called-into-q.md) _Context: British House of Commons, Labour Party_
4. [ British polls open in the 2005 general election. Voters will elect 645 of the 646 members of the House of Commons. Most expect Tony Blair and his Labour Party to win, but both Michael Howard and the Conservative Party along with Charles Kennedy and the Liberal Democrats are expected to make major gains in Parliament. (Wikinews) ](/news/2005/05/5/british-polls-open-in-the-2005-general-election-voters-will-elect-645-of-the-646-members-of-the-house-of-commons-most-expect-tony-blair-a.md) _Context: British House of Commons, Labour Party_
5. [Early results from yesterday's elections indicate that the Conservative Party has gained ground, while the Labour Party and the UK Independence Party have lost ground. ](/news/2017/05/5/early-results-from-yesterday-s-elections-indicate-that-the-conservative-party-has-gained-ground-while-the-labour-party-and-the-uk-independe.md) _Context: Labour Party_
6. [The Communist Party of Britain announces it will not field any candidates in the upcoming general election for the first time since its formation in 1920, and endorses Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, saying victory for Mr Corbyn at the general election in June would be "the first step towards a formation of left-led government at Westminster". ](/news/2017/04/24/the-communist-party-of-britain-announces-it-will-not-field-any-candidates-in-the-upcoming-general-election-for-the-first-time-since-its-form.md) _Context: Labour Party_
7. [British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held-on-the-8th-of-june-a-two-thirds-major.md) _Context: Labour Party_
8. [Labour's Gareth Snell holds off UKIP's leader Paul Nuttall to win the Stoke-on-Trent Central by-election, while Conservative Party candidate Trudy Harrison wins the Copeland by-election,  the first gain for a governing party since 1982. ](/news/2017/02/23/labour-s-gareth-snell-holds-off-ukip-s-leader-paul-nuttall-to-win-the-stoke-on-trent-central-by-election-while-conservative-party-candidate.md) _Context: Labour Party_
9. [London Mayor Sadiq Khan calls on fellow Labour Party members to remove Jeremy Corbyn in the  upcoming party leadership election. ](/news/2016/08/21/london-mayor-sadiq-khan-calls-on-fellow-labour-party-members-to-remove-jeremy-corbyn-in-the-upcoming-party-leadership-election.md) _Context: Labour Party_
10. [Britain's Court of Appeal, reversing Monday's High Court decision, rules the  Labour Party has the right to prevent up to 130,000 new members who joined less than six months ago from voting in the party's leadership contest between incumbent Jeremy Corbyn and legislator Owen Smith. An appeal to the United Kingdom Supreme Court is possible. ](/news/2016/08/12/britain-s-court-of-appeal-reversing-monday-s-high-court-decision-rules-the-labour-party-has-the-right-to-prevent-up-to-130-000-new-member.md) _Context: Labour Party_
