### [2006-10-15](/news/2006/10/15/index.md)

#  Israeli police recommend charging President Moshe Katsav with rape, sexual assault and fraud. The final decision on bringing charges is up to Attorney General Meni Mazuz. ([http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2006/10/15/AR2006101500301.html The Washington Post])




### Related:

1. [Israel's Supreme Court upholds a seven-year rape sentence against former President Moshe Katsav. ](/news/2011/11/10/israel-s-supreme-court-upholds-a-seven-year-rape-sentence-against-former-president-moshe-katsav.md) _Context: Israel, Moshe Katsav, President, rape_
2. [Former Israeli President Moshe Katsav is convicted of two counts of rape and other sexual offences by a court in Tel Aviv. ](/news/2010/12/30/former-israeli-president-moshe-katsav-is-convicted-of-two-counts-of-rape-and-other-sexual-offences-by-a-court-in-tel-aviv.md) _Context: Israel, Moshe Katsav, President, rape_
3. [ Former Israeli President Moshe Katsav will be charged with rape and indecent assault. ](/news/2009/03/8/former-israeli-president-moshe-katsav-will-be-charged-with-rape-and-indecent-assault.md) _Context: Israel, Moshe Katsav, President, rape_
4. [ The Attorney-General of Israel delivers a brief to the Supreme Court of Israel arguing that the President of Israel Moshe Katsav should stand aside pending a possible indictment for rape. ](/news/2006/10/29/the-attorney-general-of-israel-delivers-a-brief-to-the-supreme-court-of-israel-arguing-that-the-president-of-israel-moshe-katsav-should-sta.md) _Context: Israel, Moshe Katsav, President, rape_
5. [The former President of Israel Moshe Katsav arrives at a prison outside Tel Aviv to start a seven year term for rape. ](/news/2011/12/7/the-former-president-of-israel-moshe-katsav-arrives-at-a-prison-outside-tel-aviv-to-start-a-seven-year-term-for-rape.md) _Context: Moshe Katsav, President, rape_
6. [The former President of Israel, Moshe Katsav, is sentenced to seven years in prison, two years probation and payment of compensation to his victims on charges of rape, indecent assault, sexual harassment and obstruction of justice. Current President Shimon Peres says that "this is a sad day but everyone is equal before the law." ](/news/2011/03/22/the-former-president-of-israel-moshe-katsav-is-sentenced-to-seven-years-in-prison-two-years-probation-and-payment-of-compensation-to-his.md) _Context: Moshe Katsav, President, rape_
7. [Pope Francis urges President Shimon Peres of Israel and President Mahmoud Abbas of Palestine to work for peace at an historic joint prayer meeting at the Vatican. ](/news/2014/06/8/pope-francis-urges-president-shimon-peres-of-israel-and-president-mahmoud-abbas-of-palestine-to-work-for-peace-at-an-historic-joint-prayer-m.md) _Context: Israel, President_
8. [Israeli lawmakers choose Reuven Rivlin to be the next President of Israel. ](/news/2014/06/10/israeli-lawmakers-choose-reuven-rivlin-to-be-the-next-president-of-israel.md) _Context: Israel, President_
9. [Avigdor Lieberman resigns as the Israeli Foreign Affairs Minister and as Deputy Prime Minister following an indictment for fraud. ](/news/2012/12/14/avigdor-lieberman-resigns-as-the-israeli-foreign-affairs-minister-and-as-deputy-prime-minister-following-an-indictment-for-fraud.md) _Context: Israel, fraud_
10. [Israel's Justice Ministry announces that Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman, while he will not face more serious money laundering and witness tampering corruption charges, will be charged with breach of trust and fraud in connection with illegally obtaining funds from shell companies which occurred prior to his Ministry service. ](/news/2012/12/13/israel-s-justice-ministry-announces-that-foreign-minister-avigdor-lieberman-while-he-will-not-face-more-serious-money-laundering-and-witnes.md) _Context: Israel, fraud_
