### [2016-01-18](/news/2016/01/18/index.md)

# A rocket fired from ISIL-controlled territory in Syria's Aleppo Governorate, kills at least one person and injures another in the Turkish city of Kilis, close to the Syria-Turkey border. The Turkish military responded with artillery fire on ISIL positions. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/afp/article-3404723/One-killed-shelling-near-Turkish-school-Syrian-border.html)

### Related:

1. [  Turkish shelling kills 55 Islamic State of Iraq and Syria insurgents in northern Syria in retaliation for rocket attacks on Kilis, a Turkish border town. [http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-turkey-idUSKCN0XZ05R (Reuters)] [http://www.dailyprogress.com/news/world/wire/report-turkey-attacks-is-in-syria-militants-killed/article_4b13cd44-6a6b-5be8-91ba-5d4b5cf3af2b.html (Daily Progress)] Three Spanish journalists were released after being abducted around Aleppo, Syria, and held hostage by the Al-Nusra Front since 13 July 2015. [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/05/07/three-spanish-journalists-released-in-syria-by-al-qaeda-group-af/ (The Telegraph (UK))]](/news/2016/05/8/turkish-shelling-kills-55-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-syria-insurgents-in-northern-syria-in-retaliation-for-rocket-attacks-on-kilis-a-turki.md) _Context: Kilis, Spillover of the Syrian Civil War, Syria, Turkey_
2. [Turkey claims that its artillery fire together with U.S. air strikes killed more than 104 ISIL militants after rockets fired from northern Syria killed several people in the Turkish town of Kilis. ](/news/2016/05/28/turkey-claims-that-its-artillery-fire-together-with-u-s-air-strikes-killed-more-than-104-isil-militants-after-rockets-fired-from-northern-s.md) _Context: Kilis, Spillover of the Syrian Civil War, Syria, Turkey_
3. [Rockets fired by ISIL from northern Syria hit a poor neighborhood and a mosque in the Turkish city of Kilis, killing one person and injuring 26 others. Turkish security forces responded by returning fire into Syria. ](/news/2016/04/24/rockets-fired-by-isil-from-northern-syria-hit-a-poor-neighborhood-and-a-mosque-in-the-turkish-city-of-kilis-killing-one-person-and-injuring.md) _Context: Islamic State, Kilis, Syria, Turkey_
4. [Mortar shells fired from Syria kill at least one person and injure another in the Turkish border town of Kilis. ](/news/2016/03/8/mortar-shells-fired-from-syria-kill-at-least-one-person-and-injure-another-in-the-turkish-border-town-of-kilis.md) _Context: Kilis, Spillover of the Syrian Civil War, Syria, Turkey_
5. [Turkey scrambles fighter jets and Turkish tanks open fire on ISIS positions along the Syrian border following an exchange of fire which left one Turkish soldier dead and two injured. The clashes are the first direct combat between the Turkish military and ISIS forces. There are multiple reports of Turkish ground forces crossing the official border into Syria. ](/news/2015/07/23/turkey-scrambles-fighter-jets-and-turkish-tanks-open-fire-on-isis-positions-along-the-syrian-border-following-an-exchange-of-fire-which-left.md) _Context: Islamic State, Spillover of the Syrian Civil War, Syria, Turkey_
6. [At least 47 ISIL militants have been killed by Turkish and U.S.-led bombing raids by fighter jets on the town of al-Bab in the last 24 hours, with the Turkish Armed Forces attacking 135 other ISIL targets in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/02/3/at-least-47-isil-militants-have-been-killed-by-turkish-and-u-s-led-bombing-raids-by-fighter-jets-on-the-town-of-al-bab-in-the-last-24-hours.md) _Context: Islamic State, Turkey, Turkish troops_
7. [Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ceasefire-is-said-to.md) _Context: Islamic State, Syria, Turkey_
8. [Turkish Armed Forces claim that an Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant rocket attack on Turkish-backed Syrian rebel forces caused symptoms of chemical weapons in 22 soldiers. ](/news/2016/11/27/turkish-armed-forces-claim-that-an-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-rocket-attack-on-turkish-backed-syrian-rebel-forces-caused-symptoms.md) _Context: Islamic State, Syria, Turkish troops_
9. [Turkish-backed Free Syrian Army rebels seize control of the symbolic town of Dabiq, Aleppo Governorate, following clashes with ISIL militants. ](/news/2016/10/16/turkish-backed-free-syrian-army-rebels-seize-control-of-the-symbolic-town-of-dabiq-aleppo-governorate-following-clashes-with-isil-militant.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Islamic State, Turkish troops_
10. [Turkish-backed rebels advance on the symbolic ISIL-controlled town of Dabiq, in northern Syria. ISIL believes Dabiq is the location where an apocalyptic battle will take place shortly before the end of the world. ](/news/2016/10/15/turkish-backed-rebels-advance-on-the-symbolic-isil-controlled-town-of-dabiq-in-northern-syria-isil-believes-dabiq-is-the-location-where-an.md) _Context: Islamic State, Syria, Turkish troops_
