### [2016-01-18](/news/2016/01/18/index.md)

# Tata Steel is to cut 1,050 jobs in the United Kingdom, with the majority going in South Wales. The Indian multinational steel-making company announced there will be 750 job losses at its Port Talbot Steelworks in Port Talbot, Wales while another 300 jobs will go at its plants in Corby and Hartlepool in England. 

Tata Steel Ltd. will cut another 1,050 jobs in the U.K. in the latest blow to the country’s rapidly shrinking industry.


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-01-18/tata-steel-cuts-more-jobs-in-blow-to-u-k-s-shrinking-industry)

### Related:

1. [The Met Office issues travel warnings for parts of Wales, Scotland and England as Storm Doris, described as a "weather bomb", brings gales, heavy rain and snow to the United Kingdom. At least one person is killed. ](/news/2017/02/23/the-met-office-issues-travel-warnings-for-parts-of-wales-scotland-and-england-as-storm-doris-described-as-a-aweather-bomba-brings-gal.md) _Context: England, UK, Wales_
2. [The United Kingdom posthumously pardons around 49,000 gay and bisexual men found guilty of decades-old sodomy laws in England and Wales.  Those still living can apply for a statutory pardon.  ](/news/2017/01/31/the-united-kingdom-posthumously-pardons-around-49-000-gay-and-bisexual-men-found-guilty-of-decades-old-sodomy-laws-in-england-and-wales-th.md) _Context: England, UK, Wales_
3. [Thirteen areas of south-west England and Wales have been warned of possible floods as the United Kingdom prepares for heavy rain. ](/news/2012/12/14/thirteen-areas-of-south-west-england-and-wales-have-been-warned-of-possible-floods-as-the-united-kingdom-prepares-for-heavy-rain.md) _Context: England, UK, Wales_
4. [United Kingdom - Sarah's Law, a scheme which allows parents to check if someone with access to their children is a sex offender, will be extended to cover the whole of England and Wales by Spring 2011 after proving successful in four pilot areas. ](/news/2010/08/1/united-kingdom-sarah-s-law-a-scheme-which-allows-parents-to-check-if-someone-with-access-to-their-children-is-a-sex-offender-will-be-ext.md) _Context: England, UK, Wales_
5. [Pakistani Chief of Air Staff Sohail Aman warns India not to escalate tensions in the disputed territory of Kashmir under the threat of a full-scale war. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson urges both sides to restrain themselves while on a diplomatic mission to Islamabad. ](/news/2016/11/24/pakistani-chief-of-air-staff-sohail-aman-warns-india-not-to-escalate-tensions-in-the-disputed-territory-of-kashmir-under-the-threat-of-a-ful.md) _Context: India, UK_
6. [In response to an ongoing Supreme Court case regarding the ownership of the Koh-i-Noor diamond, the government of India said it should not try to reclaim it from the United Kingdom. The government argues that the diamond was given to the British as a gift and was not stolen. However, the Supreme Court says it will continue with the case. ](/news/2016/04/19/in-response-to-an-ongoing-supreme-court-case-regarding-the-ownership-of-the-koh-i-noor-diamond-the-government-of-india-said-it-should-not-t.md) _Context: India, UK_
7. [Storm Imogen is set to impact the British Isles with 80mph winds and heavy rain. The United Kingdom's Met Office issues warnings for South West England, particularly the Cornish coast due to large waves, and South Wales. ](/news/2016/02/8/storm-imogen-is-set-to-impact-the-british-isles-with-80mph-winds-and-heavy-rain-the-united-kingdom-s-met-office-issues-warnings-for-south-w.md) _Context: South Wales, UK_
8. [Thousands, including some  from Australia, protest in London, England, against the  renewal of the United Kingdom's Trident nuclear deterrent system, the largest anti-nuclear rally since 1983. Leader of the Labour Party Jeremy Corbyn, Scottish National Party leader and First Minister of Scotland Nicola Sturgeon, the Welsh Plaid Cymru Party, and the Green Party participated in the march. A parliamentary vote on renewing Trident is expected this year. ](/news/2016/02/27/thousands-including-some-from-australia-protest-in-london-england-against-the-renewal-of-the-united-kingdom-s-trident-nuclear-deterren.md) _Context: England, Wales_
9. [American, British-based telecommunications and television company Liberty Global announces a PS3.5bn (US$5.3bn) deal to buy British multinational telecommunications company Cable and Wireless Communications (CWC). ](/news/2015/11/16/american-british-based-telecommunications-and-television-company-liberty-global-announces-a-aps3-5bn-us-5-3bn-deal-to-buy-british-multinat.md) _Context: UK, multinational_
10. [Vodafone Group Plc announces criminals accessed customer account details, including phone numbers and some bank details. The British multinational telecommunications company of over 400 million subscribers says it is contacting about 1,800 affected customers. This is the second recent hacking of a U.K. phone carrier. Last week, TalkTalk Telecom Group Plc said its systems had been attacked. ](/news/2015/10/31/vodafone-group-plc-announces-criminals-accessed-customer-account-details-including-phone-numbers-and-some-bank-details-the-british-multina.md) _Context: UK, multinational_
