
Formats: [HTML](/news/2016/01/18/the-british-parliament-debates-a-petition-signed-by-more-than-560-000-people-calling-for-the-home-secretary-to-ban-because-of-hate-speec.html)  [JSON](/news/2016/01/18/the-british-parliament-debates-a-petition-signed-by-more-than-560-000-people-calling-for-the-home-secretary-to-ban-because-of-hate-speec.json)  [XML](/news/2016/01/18/the-british-parliament-debates-a-petition-signed-by-more-than-560-000-people-calling-for-the-home-secretary-to-ban-because-of-hate-speec.xml)  

### [2016-01-18](/news/2016/01/18/index.md)

##### 2016 U.S. presidential election
# The British Parliament debates a petition, signed by more than 560,000 people, calling for the Home Secretary to ban, because of 'hate speech,' United States Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump from entering the United Kingdom. Almost all of the 50 MPs (member of parliament), of the 650-member legislative body, present criticized Trump -- especially his comments on Muslims -- but few supported an entry ban. 

British MPs debate proposal to ban ‘poisonous, corrosive’ Republican presidential candidate from the country


### Sources:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/01/19/politics/uk-parliament-trump-debate/)
2. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2016/jan/18/donald-trump-should-be-banned-from-uk-for-inflaming-hate-mp-says)
2. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/e7be8fe8642c18174bed914f0a40e7cc70c1c142/613_418_2382_1429/master/2382.jpg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxNi8wNS8yNS9vdmVybGF5LWxvZ28tMTIwMC05MF9vcHQucG5n&amp;s=47256fc8b094f23a8a290b4cbab38436)

### Changes:

1. [The British Parliament debates a petition, signed by more than 560,000 people, calling for the Home Secretary to ban, because of 'hate speech,' United States Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump from entering the United Kingdom. Almost all of the 50 MPs (member of parliament), of the 650-member legislative body, present criticized Trump -- especially his comments on Muslims -- but few supported an entry ban. ](/news/2016/01/18/the-british-parliament-debates-a-petition-signed-by-more-than-560-000-people-calling-for-the-home-secretary-to-ban-because-of-hate-spee.md) _2017-08-25 03:44:21 (First version)_
2. [United States presidential election, 2016: The British Parliament debates a petition, signed by more than 560,000 people, calling for the Home Secretary to ban, because of 'hate speech,' United States Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump from entering the United Kingdom. Almost all of the 50 MPs (member of parliament), of the 650-member legislative body, present criticized Trump -- especially his comments on Muslims -- but few supported an entry ban. ](/news/2016/01/18/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-british-parliament-debates-a-petition-signed-by-more-than-560-000-people-calling-for-the-ho.md) _2017-08-27 03:44:43 (Update)_
2. [The British Parliament debates a petition, signed by more than 560,000 people, calling for the Home Secretary to ban, because of 'hate speech,' United States Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump from entering the United Kingdom. Almost all of the 50 MPs (member of parliament), of the 650-member legislative body, present criticized Trump -- especially his comments on Muslims -- but few supported an entry ban. ](/news/2016/01/18/the-british-parliament-debates-a-petition-signed-by-more-than-560-000-people-calling-for-the-home-secretary-to-ban-because-of-hate-speec.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [On January 18, 2016, the British Parliament will debate a petition, signed by more than 560,000 people, calling for the Home Secretary to ban United States Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump from entering the United Kingdom because of 'hate speech' that is unacceptable behavior, non-conducive to the public good. The conclusion reached by the lawmakers will not be binding on the UK government. ](/news/2016/01/5/on-january-18-2016-the-british-parliament-will-debate-a-petition-signed-by-more-than-560-000-people-calling-for-the-home-secretary-to-ba.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, British, Donald Trump, Home Secretary, Parliament, Republican Party presidential candidate, U.S., hate speech_
2. [A petition, launched Sunday to cancel U.S. President Donald Trump's state visit to the United Kingdom later this year, tops 1 million signatures, passing the threshold for British Parliament debate. A British government spokesman says the state visit is going ahead as planned. ](/news/2017/01/30/a-petition-launched-sunday-to-cancel-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-state-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-later-this-year-tops-1-million-signat.md) _Context: British, Donald Trump, Parliament_
3. [Voters in the United States go to the polls for a range of federal, state and local elections, including the highly publicized presidential election between major party nominees Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/11/8/voters-in-the-united-states-go-to-the-polls-for-a-range-of-federal-state-and-local-elections-including-the-highly-publicized-presidential.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Donald Trump, U.S._
4. [Voters in the U.S. state of New York go to the polls for a primary election with Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump expected to win the respective contests for their parties in that state. ](/news/2016/04/19/voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-new-york-go-to-the-polls-for-a-primary-election-with-hillary-clinton-and-donald-trump-expected-to-win-the-respec.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Donald Trump, U.S._
5. [ Member of Parliament Peter Archer's report into the United Kingdom's tainted blood scandal chiefly blames United States pharmaceutical companies that provided contaminated blood plasma, thus infecting approximately 5,700 hemophiliacs with HIV or hepatitis C. ](/news/2009/02/23/member-of-parliament-peter-archer-s-report-into-the-united-kingdom-s-tainted-blood-scandal-chiefly-blames-united-states-pharmaceutical-comp.md) _Context: British, Parliament, U.S._
