### [2016-01-18](/news/2016/01/18/index.md)

# Ukraine says that a cyberattack on Boryspil International Airport near Kiev came from Russian computers. 

Malware which infected the airport&#039;s network has been compared a virus that plunged parts of Ukraine into darkness in December.


### Source:

1. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/story/1624871/kiev-airport-cyberattack-originated-in-russia)
1. [Cover Image](http://e3.365dm.com/16/01/1600x900/rtr3m3g7-1-2048x1536_3401934.jpg?20160118111049)

### Related:

1. [The body of Ukrainian lawyer Yurij Grabovsky, who defended two ex-Russian soldiers charged in Eastern Ukraine with terrorism and waging an aggressive war against the country, is found on the grounds of a former farming collective in Zhashkiv, Ukraine. Grabovsky went missing from Kiev on March 9. Information from one of two men being held in this case led police to the remains. ](/news/2016/03/25/the-body-of-ukrainian-lawyer-yurij-grabovsky-who-defended-two-ex-russian-soldiers-charged-in-eastern-ukraine-with-terrorism-and-waging-an-a.md) _Context: Kiev, Russia, Ukraine_
2. [ A rally of war veterans in Kiev calls for Ukraine to abandon the Minsk II ceasefire agreement and to declare war on pro-Russian separatists in the Donbass region. Despite two ceasefire agreements since September, combat operations, including the use of heavy artillery and ballistic missiles, never stopped. ](/news/2015/07/4/a-rally-of-war-veterans-in-kiev-calls-for-ukraine-to-abandon-the-minsk-ii-ceasefire-agreement-and-to-declare-war-on-pro-russian-separatists.md) _Context: Kiev, Russia, Ukraine_
3. [More than 100,000 people protest in Kiev, Ukraine, against the decision of Viktor Yanukovych's government to suspend preparations for signing of the association agreement with the European Union under pressure from Russia. ](/news/2013/11/24/more-than-100-000-people-protest-in-kiev-ukraine-against-the-decision-of-viktor-yanukovych-s-government-to-suspend-preparations-for-signin.md) _Context: Kiev, Russia, Ukraine_
4. [Viktor Yanukovych and Dmitry Medvedev agree to extend the lease between Kiev and Moscow that allows Russia's Black Sea Fleet to be stationed in Ukraine in return for cheaper gas until 2042. ](/news/2010/04/21/viktor-yanukovych-and-dmitry-medvedev-agree-to-extend-the-lease-between-kiev-and-moscow-that-allows-russia-s-black-sea-fleet-to-be-stationed.md) _Context: Kiev, Russia, Ukraine_
5. [Thirty thousand people are evacuated in Ukraine following an explosion in an ammunition dump 180 km southwest of Kiev. The Government of Ukraine blames sabotage. ](/news/2017/09/27/thirty-thousand-people-are-evacuated-in-ukraine-following-an-explosion-in-an-ammunition-dump-180-km-southwest-of-kiev-the-government-of-ukr.md) _Context: Kiev, Ukraine_
6. [DPR leader Alexander Zakharchenko announced that the self-declared Donetsk People's Republic (DPR) and Luhansk People's Republic (LPR) would form a new state called Malorossiya (Little Russia) as an official successor to what he called the "failed state" of Ukraine, with Donetsk replacing Kiev as the country's capital. Ukrainian president Petro Poroshenko and LPR leader Igor Plotnitsky denounced the plans. ](/news/2017/07/18/dpr-leader-alexander-zakharchenko-announced-that-the-self-declared-donetsk-people-s-republic-dpr-and-luhansk-people-s-republic-lpr-would.md) _Context: Kiev, Ukraine_
7. [Ukrainian intelligence officer and head of a special forces unit, Maksym Shapoval, is assassinated in Kiev by car bomb. ](/news/2017/06/27/ukrainian-intelligence-officer-and-head-of-a-special-forces-unit-maksym-shapoval-is-assassinated-in-kiev-by-car-bomb.md) _Context: Kiev, Ukraine_
8. [A former Ukrainian soldier assassinates former Russian Duma deputy Denis Voronenkov in the Ukrainian capital Kiev. In December 2016, he received Ukrainian citizenship. Ilya Ponomarev says Voronenkov was heading to a meeting with him. ](/news/2017/03/23/a-former-ukrainian-soldier-assassinates-former-russian-duma-deputy-denis-voronenkov-in-the-ukrainian-capital-kiev-in-december-2016-he-rece.md) _Context: Kiev, Ukraine_
9. [At the Munich Security Conference, a truce between Russian-backed separatists and the Ukrainian army, per the Minsk Protocol, takes effect Monday. Pending a permanent political agreement, Russian President Vladimir Putin orders that civil registration documents issued in separatist-held areas of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine be temporarily recognized. Ukrainian authorities say this violates provisions in the Minsk agreement. This is the third such agreement because the previous two in 2014 and 2015 were violated. Low-level fighting and artillery fire never fully stopped. ](/news/2017/02/18/at-the-munich-security-conference-a-truce-between-russian-backed-separatists-and-the-ukrainian-army-per-the-minsk-protocol-takes-effect-m.md) _Context: Russia, Ukraine_
10. [Twenty-one organizers for the Eurovision Song Contest in Kiev, Ukraine, resign en masse after claiming they were completely blocked from making decisions about the show. Despite the setback, the European Broadcasting Union insists that the event must go on. ](/news/2017/02/15/twenty-one-organizers-for-the-eurovision-song-contest-in-kiev-ukraine-resign-en-masse-after-claiming-they-were-completely-blocked-from-mak.md) _Context: Kiev, Ukraine_
