### [2005-01-26](/news/2005/01/26/index.md)

#  Conflict in Iraq: 36 U.S. soldiers have died in a single day in Iraq. A helicopter crash in western Iraq has claimed the lives of 30 U.S. marines and a sailor. It is the single worst loss of life for US forces since they invaded Iraq in March 2003. Elsewhere insurgents killed 4 US troops in Anbar, and another soldier was killed in Baghdad following an RPG attack. 

Get the latest breaking news and top news headlines at Reuters.com


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4209269.stm)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=7437344)
2. [Cover Image](http://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png)

### Related:

1. [At least 35 people killed, 70 injured in bomb attacks in Baghdad and Anbar Province of Iraq. ](/news/2014/05/27/at-least-35-people-killed-70-injured-in-bomb-attacks-in-baghdad-and-anbar-province-of-iraq.md) _Context: Anbar province, Baghdad, Iraq_
2. [ Conflict in Iraq: Five Iraqis, including three members of the Iraqi Turkmen Front, die following a bomb on minibus in the capital Baghdad. ](/news/2005/09/23/conflict-in-iraq-five-iraqis-including-three-members-of-the-iraqi-turkmen-front-die-following-a-bomb-on-minibus-in-the-capital-baghdad.md) _Context: Baghdad, Conflict in Iraq, Iraq_
3. [ Conflict in Iraq: At least 42 people have died following a series of co-ordinated car bombings in the Iraqi capital of Baghdad. ](/news/2005/08/17/conflict-in-iraq-at-least-42-people-have-died-following-a-series-of-co-ordinated-car-bombings-in-the-iraqi-capital-of-baghdad.md) _Context: Baghdad, Conflict in Iraq, Iraq_
4. [ Conflict in Iraq: At least 39 people, mostly civilians, have been killed when a Suicide Truck Bomb exploded at a police station in the Iraqi Capital of Baghdad. ](/news/2005/07/24/conflict-in-iraq-at-least-39-people-mostly-civilians-have-been-killed-when-a-suicide-truck-bomb-exploded-at-a-police-station-in-the-iraq.md) _Context: Baghdad, Conflict in Iraq, Iraq_
5. [ Conflict in Iraq: A group of at least 40 Iraqi insurgents attacks Baghdad's Abu Ghraib prison, using car bombs, grenades, and small arms. At least 20 American soldiers and 12 Iraqi prisoners are injured, but the US Army says it has put down the assault. ](/news/2005/04/3/conflict-in-iraq-a-group-of-at-least-40-iraqi-insurgents-attacks-baghdad-s-abu-ghraib-prison-using-car-bombs-grenades-and-small-arms-a.md) _Context: Baghdad, Conflict in Iraq, Iraq_
6. [ Conflict in Iraq: At least 11 people have been killed following a double suicide bombing in the Iraqi capital of Baghdad. ](/news/2005/04/14/conflict-in-iraq-at-least-11-people-have-been-killed-following-a-double-suicide-bombing-in-the-iraqi-capital-of-baghdad.md) _Context: Baghdad, Conflict in Iraq, Iraq_
7. [ A car bomb explodes outside a Shi'a mosque in a Baghdad Sunni district, killing 14 worshippers and wounding 19. Mortars land on a police station in Baghdad, followed by an assault which kills 12 people and results in the freeing of 50 prisoners. A website allegedly tied to Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, claims responsibility for the police station attack. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4064609.stm (BBC)] [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6992586&section=news (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 04:01, 15 January 2007 (UTC)) The United States Agency for International Development states they aim to boost the availability of electricity throughout Iraq to 18 hours a day by the end of next year from 11 to 15 hours now, estimably higher than before the 2003 U.S. invasion. [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6992294 (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 04:01, 15 January 2007 (UTC)) The Ukrainian parliament, embroiled in the presidential election controversy, votes to ask outgoing president Leonid Kuchma to withdraw Ukraine's 1,600 troops in Iraq. [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6987012 (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 04:01, 15 January 2007 (UTC)) German security forces arrest three alleged members of Ansar al-Islam who are suspected of planning the assassination of Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi while he was on a state visit to Germany. [http://www.cnn.com/2004/WORLD/europe/12/03/german.arrests/index.html (CNN)][http://www.spiegel.de/politik/deutschland/0,1518,330808,00.html ("Der Spiegel"] {{de icon}}](/news/2004/12/3/a-car-bomb-explodes-outside-a-shi-a-mosque-in-a-baghdad-sunni-district-killing-14-worshippers-and-wounding-19-mortars-land-on-a-police-st.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Baghdad, Iraq_
8. [ Conflict in Iraq: In Baghdad, an American civilian contractor is shot near the Green Zone. The largest Sunni political party, Iraqi Islamic Party, calls for elections to be postponed for six months to allow better security and threatens a boycott. British troops join the operation to pacify the insurgency in the "Sunni Triangle." Iraqi police state they have arrested five suspected foreign fighters in the south. The Iraqi Minister of State says Iraqi National Guard discovered a small chemical and explosive lab in Falluja. ](/news/2004/11/26/conflict-in-iraq-in-baghdad-an-american-civilian-contractor-is-shot-near-the-green-zone-the-largest-sunni-political-party-iraqi-islamic.md) _Context: Baghdad, Conflict in Iraq, Iraq_
9. [ Conflict in Iraq: A roadside bomb kills a U.S. soldier and wounds five others in western Baghdad. Hospital officials say five civilians are killed from U.S. snipers in the western city of Ramadi. In Kirkuk, a roadside bomb kills an Iraqi civilian. An Estonian soldier is killed and five wounded in a bomb blast in Baghdad. A mortar lands on an Iraqi National Guard checkpoint north of Baghdad, killing an Iraqi civilian. In Mosul, a car bomb kills a tribal leader and two civilians. ](/news/2004/10/25/conflict-in-iraq-a-roadside-bomb-kills-a-u-s-soldier-and-wounds-five-others-in-western-baghdad-hospital-officials-say-five-civilians-are.md) _Context: Baghdad, Conflict in Iraq, Iraq_
10. [ U.S.-led occupation of Iraq: Three US soldiers are killed while guarding a Baquouba children's hospital northeast of Baghdad, Iraq bringing the number of US troops killed in combat to 161, 14 more than the 1991 Gulf War total.](/news/2003/07/26/u-s-led-occupation-of-iraq-three-us-soldiers-are-killed-while-guarding-a-baquouba-children-s-hospital-northeast-of-baghdad-iraq-bringing.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Baghdad, Iraq_
