### [2008-06-2](/news/2008/06/2/index.md)

#  In "United States v. Santos", by a 5-4 decision, the United States Supreme Court takes a narrow interpretation of federal laws regarding money laundering, and uses the decision in "Cuellar v. United States" to unanimously overturn the money laundering conviction of Humberto Cuellar. 

The Supreme Court on Monday ruled against the government in two money laundering cases, making it more difficult for prosecutors to use an important weapon in the war on drugs and organized crime.


### Source:

1. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,361561,00.html)
2. [Sports Illustrated](http://sportsillustrated.cnn.com/2008/baseball/mlb/06/02/scouts.fantasy.ap/index.html?eref=si_mlb)
2. [Cover Image](http://www.foxnews.com/content/dam/fox-news/logo/og-fn-foxnews.jpg)

### Related:

1. [A court of Lima orders 18 months of pre-trial imprisonment for former president Ollanta Humala and his wife Nadine Heredia for alleged money laundering. Both have turned themselves in. ](/news/2017/07/14/a-court-of-lima-orders-18-months-of-pre-trial-imprisonment-for-former-president-ollanta-humala-and-his-wife-nadine-heredia-for-alleged-money.md) _Context: money laundering_
2. [United States Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg apologizes for remarks she made earlier in the week to a number of news outlets criticizing presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/07/14/united-states-supreme-court-justice-ruth-bader-ginsburg-apologizes-for-remarks-she-made-earlier-in-the-week-to-a-number-of-news-outlets-crit.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
3. [ The United States Supreme Court strikes down a Puerto Rican law that would have allowed it to restructure the debts of its public utilities over the objections of creditors. Puerto Rico's agencies have a $2 billion debt payment due July 1 and has already defaulted on a $370 million debt payment for its Government Development Bank back on May 1. ](/news/2016/06/13/the-united-states-supreme-court-strikes-down-a-puerto-rican-law-that-would-have-allowed-it-to-restructure-the-debts-of-its-public-utilities.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
4. [A Spanish judge issues an arrest warrant for various individuals with links to organized crime from Russia. The list also includes former and current officials of the Russian government with close links to Russian President Vladimir Putin. Prominent officials include former Defense Minister Anatoliy Serdyukov and former Prime Minister Viktor Zubkov. The charges range from money laundering to assassination. ](/news/2016/05/3/a-spanish-judge-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-various-individuals-with-links-to-organized-crime-from-russia-the-list-also-includes-former-an.md) _Context: money laundering_
5. [Former President of Brazil Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva is charged with money laundering. ](/news/2016/03/9/former-president-of-brazil-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-is-charged-with-money-laundering.md) _Context: money laundering_
6. [The United States Supreme Court ruled in "Montgomery v. Louisiana" (2016) that its prohibition of mandatory life sentences for juveniles convicted of murder (under "Miller v. Alabama" (2012)), had to be applied retroactively, potentially affecting 1300 to 2300 cases nationally.](/news/2016/01/25/the-united-states-supreme-court-ruled-in-montgomery-v-louisiana-2016-that-its-prohibition-of-mandatory-life-sentences-for-juveniles-con.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
7. [The United States Justice Department launches an investigation of money laundering associated with the 1Malaysia Development Berhad sovereign wealth fund, as well as the purchase of luxury properties in New York involving shell companies linked to Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak's step-son Riza Aziz and businessman Jho Low. ](/news/2015/09/22/the-united-states-justice-department-launches-an-investigation-of-money-laundering-associated-with-the-1malaysia-development-berhad-sovereig.md) _Context: money laundering_
8. [The Federal Bureau of Investigation launches an investigation of money laundering associated with the 1Malaysia Development Berhad sovereign wealth fund. ](/news/2015/09/19/the-federal-bureau-of-investigation-launches-an-investigation-of-money-laundering-associated-with-the-1malaysia-development-berhad-sovereign.md) _Context: money laundering_
9. [Authorities charge New Mexico Secretary of State Dianna Duran with 64 counts including fraud, embezzlement, and money laundering. ](/news/2015/08/28/authorities-charge-new-mexico-secretary-of-state-dianna-duran-with-64-counts-including-fraud-embezzlement-and-money-laundering.md) _Context: money laundering_
10. [In a 5-4 decision, the United States Supreme Court declares state bans on same-sex marriage unconstitutional and effectively legalizes it across the United States. ](/news/2015/06/26/in-a-5-4-decision-the-united-states-supreme-court-declares-state-bans-on-same-sex-marriage-unconstitutional-and-effectively-legalizes-it-ac.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
