### [2008-06-2](/news/2008/06/2/index.md)

#  The United Nations Security Council unanimously passes a declaration allowing foreign naval vessels to enter Somali territorial waters to deal with pirates. 




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/7432612.stm)

### Related:

1. [The United Nations says child soldiers continue to be recruited to fight and engage in piracy in Somalia. ](/news/2010/11/4/the-united-nations-says-child-soldiers-continue-to-be-recruited-to-fight-and-engage-in-piracy-in-somalia.md) _Context: Somali pirates, Somalia, United Nations_
2. [The United Nations says pirates off the coast of Somalia are "outperforming" an international effort to stop them. ](/news/2010/11/10/the-united-nations-says-pirates-off-the-coast-of-somalia-are-outperforming-an-international-effort-to-stop-them.md) _Context: Somali pirates, Somalia, United Nations_
3. [The African Union calls on the United Nations Security Council to impose an air and naval blockade of Somalia to counter an Islamist Al-Shabaab militant insurgency and piracy. ](/news/2010/10/21/the-african-union-calls-on-the-united-nations-security-council-to-impose-an-air-and-naval-blockade-of-somalia-to-counter-an-islamist-al-shab.md) _Context: Somali pirates, Somalia, United Nations Security Council_
4. [ The United Nations passes a resolution authorizing foreign countries to conduct military raids on land or by sea in pursuit of Somali pirates. ](/news/2008/12/17/the-united-nations-passes-a-resolution-authorizing-foreign-countries-to-conduct-military-raids-on-land-or-by-sea-in-pursuit-of-somali-pirat.md) _Context: Somali pirates, Somalia, United Nations_
5. [At least 110 people have died of starvation in the drought-hit region of Bay, Somalia, in the past 48 hours, according to Prime Minister Hassan Ali Khayre. This comes as the United Nations and various non-governmental organizations are warning of potential famine in the country. ](/news/2017/03/4/at-least-110-people-have-died-of-starvation-in-the-drought-hit-region-of-bay-somalia-in-the-past-48-hours-according-to-prime-minister-has.md) _Context: Somalia, United Nations_
6. [The United Nations and various humanitarian groups call on the international community to help prevent a possible famine in Somalia as rising food prices and drought have left over six million people at risk of starvation. ](/news/2017/02/3/the-united-nations-and-various-humanitarian-groups-call-on-the-international-community-to-help-prevent-a-possible-famine-in-somalia-as-risin.md) _Context: Somalia, United Nations_
7. [The  report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council -- the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union -- calls on Israel to end  settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on  Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, "The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-a-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-a.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Security Council_
8. [In response to the U.N.-backed Government of National Accord's plea, the United Nations Security Council blacklists the tanker shipping crude oil by the unrecognized rival House of Representatives government in eastern Libya. ](/news/2016/04/28/in-response-to-the-u-n-backed-government-of-national-accord-s-plea-the-united-nations-security-council-blacklists-the-tanker-shipping-crud.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Security Council_
9. [The unrecognized House of Representatives, one of the rival governments based in eastern Libya, ships its first cargo of crude oil in defiance of the U.N.-backed authorities in the capital Tripoli in a move that could deepen divisions within the country. The Tripoli-based government asked the United Nations Security Council yesterday to blacklist the tanker. ](/news/2016/04/27/the-unrecognized-house-of-representatives-one-of-the-rival-governments-based-in-eastern-libya-ships-its-first-cargo-of-crude-oil-in-defian.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Security Council_
10. [The United Nations Security Council  expressed "deep concern"  at the number of violations of Yemen's  ceasefire. U.N. envoys warned that a fledgling peace process was hanging by a thread, and that Yemen faces permanent fragmentation if the conflict is not ended soon. ](/news/2015/12/23/the-united-nations-security-council-expressed-adeep-concerna-at-the-number-of-violations-of-yemenas-ceasefire-u-n-envoys-warned-t.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Security Council_
