### [2008-06-2](/news/2008/06/2/index.md)

#  The United Nations Security Council goes on a mission to Africa with the first leg of the mission to Djibouti to discuss the Somali Civil War. 




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/7430661.stm)

### Related:

1. [The International Criminal Court asks the United Nations Security Council to take action over Djibouti's failure to arrest Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir, who was indicted by the court on charges of war crimes. ](/news/2011/05/12/the-international-criminal-court-asks-the-united-nations-security-council-to-take-action-over-djibouti-s-failure-to-arrest-sudanese-presiden.md) _Context: Djibouti, United Nations Security Council_
2. [African leaders meet in Chad to discuss the Great Green Wall tree belt from Senegal to Djibouti in the battle against the Sahara. ](/news/2010/06/17/african-leaders-meet-in-chad-to-discuss-the-great-green-wall-tree-belt-from-senegal-to-djibouti-in-the-battle-against-the-sahara.md) _Context: Africa, Djibouti_
3. [French President Nicolas Sarkozy, speaking at the launch of the 25th Africa-France summit in Nice, calls for Africa to be represented on the United Nations Security Council, and promises to back changes when France chairs the G8 and G-20 major economies groups in 2011. ](/news/2010/05/31/french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-speaking-at-the-launch-of-the-25th-africa-france-summit-in-nice-calls-for-africa-to-be-represented-on-the.md) _Context: Africa, United Nations Security Council_
4. [ A six-nation east African regional bloc consisting of Djibouti, Ethiopia, Kenya, Somalia, Sudan and Uganda urges global sanctions on Eritrea for backing Islamist rebels in neighbouring war-torn Somalia. ](/news/2009/09/19/a-six-nation-east-african-regional-bloc-consisting-of-djibouti-ethiopia-kenya-somalia-sudan-and-uganda-urges-global-sanctions-on-eritre.md) _Context: Africa, Djibouti_
5. [North Korea and the United Nations: The United Nations Security Council votes 15-0 to impose sanctions on North Korea for its intercontinental ballistic missile tests. ](/news/2017/08/5/north-korea-and-the-united-nations-the-united-nations-security-council-votes-15-0-to-impose-sanctions-on-north-korea-for-its-intercontine.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
6. [American involvement in the Somali Civil War: United States-supported Somali forces shoot and kill 10 Somalis, including three children, in Lower Shebelle's Bariire village near Mogadishu. While the Somalia government reports the other dead were members of the al Shabaab militia, Lower Shabelle deputy governor Ali Nur Mohamed says the victims were all civilians, farm owners, workers and their children. The U.S. Africa Command says they are investigating these civilian casualties reports. ](/news/2017/08/25/american-involvement-in-the-somali-civil-war-united-states-supported-somali-forces-shoot-and-kill-10-somalis-including-three-children-in.md) _Context: Somali Civil War_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: A United Nations Security Council session is to be held to address the escalating violence in Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/07/22/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-a-united-nations-security-council-session-is-to-be-held-to-address-the-escalating.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
8. [United Nations Security Council election, 2017: Equatorial Guinea, Ivory Coast, Kuwait, Peru and Poland are elected to the United Nations Security Council for a two-year term beginning on January 1, 2018. ](/news/2017/06/2/united-nations-security-council-election-2017-equatorial-guinea-ivory-coast-kuwait-peru-and-poland-are-elected-to-the-united-nations-se.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
9. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: As a result of North Korea's repeated missile tests, the United Nations Security Council expands its targeted sanctions against the country, adding to the U.N. blacklist four entities, including the Koryo Bank and the Army's Strategic Rocket Force, and 14 people, including the North's head of intelligence operations. ](/news/2017/06/2/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-as-a-result-of-north-korea-s-repeated-missile-tests-the-united-nations-security-council-expand.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
10. [Djibouti-Eritrea relations: Djiboutian foreign minister Mahamoud Ali Youssouf accuses Eritrea of occupying the disputed Doumeira Islands and Ras Doumeira peninsula after Qatari peacekeepers withdrew from the area. ](/news/2017/06/16/djibouti-eritrea-relations-djiboutian-foreign-minister-mahamoud-ali-youssouf-accuses-eritrea-of-occupying-the-disputed-doumeira-islands-a.md) _Context: Djibouti_
