### [2012-09-21](/news/2012/09/21/index.md)

# Pastafarian "Elder Pastitsios" arrested for blasphemy in Greece. 




### Related:

1. [A TrainOSE passenger train derails near the Greek village of Adendro, leaving at least four people dead and five seriously injured. ](/news/2017/05/13/a-trainose-passenger-train-derails-near-the-greek-village-of-adendro-leaving-at-least-four-people-dead-and-five-seriously-injured.md) _Context: Greek_
2. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: Greek_
3. [Four Hellenic Army officers are killed and one is injured when their Bell UH-1 Iroquois border patrol helicopter crashes near Elassona in northern Greece. ](/news/2017/04/19/four-hellenic-army-officers-are-killed-and-one-is-injured-when-their-bell-uh-1-iroquois-border-patrol-helicopter-crashes-near-elassona-in-no.md) _Context: Greek_
4. [Over 70,000 people are evacuated from Thessaloniki, Greece, as authorities attempt to defuse a World War II-era unexploded ordnance, which was discovered last week. ](/news/2017/02/11/over-70-000-people-are-evacuated-from-thessaloniki-greece-as-authorities-attempt-to-defuse-a-world-war-ii-era-unexploded-ordnance-which-w.md) _Context: Greek_
5. [Germany announces plans to start deporting newly-arrived migrants to Greece starting in March. According to EU's Dublin Regulation, asylum seekers must file for asylum in the member state they arrived in. ](/news/2017/01/12/germany-announces-plans-to-start-deporting-newly-arrived-migrants-to-greece-starting-in-march-according-to-eu-s-dublin-regulation-asylum-s.md) _Context: Greek_
6. [Thousands of Indonesians protest in Jakarta for tolerance after a large protest rally against blasphemy on Friday. ](/news/2016/12/4/thousands-of-indonesians-protest-in-jakarta-for-tolerance-after-a-large-protest-rally-against-blasphemy-on-friday.md) _Context: blasphemy_
7. [A body found in a burnt-out vehicle north of the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro is confirmed to be that of missing Greek Ambassador Kyriakos Amiridis. A military police officer who had an affair with the ambassador's wife confesses to the murder. The wife and a second man are also detained. ](/news/2016/12/30/a-body-found-in-a-burnt-out-vehicle-north-of-the-brazilian-city-of-rio-de-janeiro-is-confirmed-to-be-that-of-missing-greek-ambassador-kyriak.md) _Context: Greek_
8. [Basuki Tjahaja Purnama, the Christian Governor of the Indonesian capital Jakarta, will face prosecution for blasphemy. ](/news/2016/12/27/basuki-tjahaja-purnama-the-christian-governor-of-the-indonesian-capital-jakarta-will-face-prosecution-for-blasphemy.md) _Context: blasphemy_
9. [Approximately 200,000 Muslims protest in the Indonesian capital Jakarta against the Governor Basuki Tjahaja Purnama for alleged blasphemy. This is the second mass protest in a month against the minority Christian governor. ](/news/2016/12/2/approximately-200-000-muslims-protest-in-the-indonesian-capital-jakarta-against-the-governor-basuki-tjahaja-purnama-for-alleged-blasphemy-t.md) _Context: blasphemy_
10. [Two people are killed and two others injured after a fire breaks out in a migrant camp on the Greek island of Lesbos. The cause is currently under investigation, although some believe the fire was deliberately started in protest of poor living conditions, after a 66-year-old woman and a six-year-old child were killed in a gas explosion. ](/news/2016/11/25/two-people-are-killed-and-two-others-injured-after-a-fire-breaks-out-in-a-migrant-camp-on-the-greek-island-of-lesbos-the-cause-is-currently.md) _Context: Greek_
