### [2004-06-21](/news/2004/06/21/index.md)

#  48 Nobel laureates endorse John Kerry as they think that he would increase the prosperity, health, environment, and security of Americans. They criticize the Bush administration for reducing funding for scientific research, setting restrictions on stem cell research, ignoring scientific consensus on critical issues such as global warming, and hampering cooperation with foreign scientists by using deterrent immigration and visa practices. 

From newly charted astronomical anomalies at the far reaches of the universe to the rise of nanotechnology, nobody covers science and the latest discoveries like Reuters.com.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=scienceNews&storyID=5476374)
1. [Cover Image](https://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png)

### Related:

1. [ U.S. President George W. Bush's hometown newspaper, the Crawford, Texas, "Lone Star Iconoclast", endorses Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry. The editorial column asked Texan voters "not to rate the candidate by his hometown.&nbsp;.&nbsp;. but instead by where he intends to take the country." In the last election, the paper endorsed Bush. ](/news/2004/09/28/u-s-president-george-w-bush-s-hometown-newspaper-the-crawford-texas-lone-star-iconoclast-endorses-democratic-presidential-candidate.md) _Context: George W. Bush, John Kerry, presidential candidate_
2. [ Ceremonies in Topeka, Kansas, commemorate the 50th anniversary of "Brown v. Board of Education". Both President George W. Bush and presidential candidate John Kerry attend separate ceremonies. ](/news/2004/05/17/ceremonies-in-topeka-kansas-commemorate-the-50th-anniversary-of-brown-v-board-of-education-both-president-george-w-bush-and-presiden.md) _Context: George W. Bush, John Kerry, presidential candidate_
3. [ The United States Senate votes to ease funding restrictions on stem-cell research but President Bush threatens to veto the bill. ](/news/2007/04/11/the-united-states-senate-votes-to-ease-funding-restrictions-on-stem-cell-research-but-president-bush-threatens-to-veto-the-bill.md) _Context: George W. Bush, stem-cell research_
4. [ Tony Blair and Arnold Schwarzenegger have announced their intention to collaborate to decrease carbon emissions and fight global warming. Their plan includes incentives for companies which limit their carbon emissions, among other carbon-limiting measures. Schwarzenegger has shown interest in a ban on excessive carbon emissions, which is directly in opposition to statements made by President George W. Bush. ](/news/2006/07/31/tony-blair-and-arnold-schwarzenegger-have-announced-their-intention-to-collaborate-to-decrease-carbon-emissions-and-fight-global-warming-t.md) _Context: George W. Bush, global warming_
5. [ An electronic voting machine in 1B in Franklin County, Ohio, recorded 260 votes for John Kerry and 4258 votes for George W. Bush though only 638 people voted there, one of several alleged problems. ](/news/2004/11/7/an-electronic-voting-machine-in-1b-in-franklin-county-ohio-recorded-260-votes-for-john-kerry-and-4258-votes-for-george-w-bush-though-onl.md) _Context: George W. Bush, John Kerry_
6. [ Senator John Kerry concedes to President George W. Bush "The outcome should be decided by voters, not a protracted legal process", Kerry said. "I would not give up if there was a chance we could prevail." [http://reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6703896 (Reuters)] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/3980533.stm (BBC)] Republican President George W. Bush wins the popular vote, receiving 3.58 million more votes than Democratic Senator John Kerry. (51.6% to 48.4%, 59.0 million to 55.4 million) Claiming victory in the swing state of Ohio, Bush will probably have more than the 270 votes needed when the U.S. Electoral College meets on December 13. [http://www.cnn.com/ELECTION/2004/ (CNN)] The Republican Party widens its majority in the Senate and House of Representatives. Democratic Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle concedes defeat to Republican challenger John Thune, thus becoming the first Senate leader in 52 years to lose a re-election bid and leaving the leadership of the Democratic Party in the Senate open. [http://www.cnn.com/2004/ALLPOLITICS/11/02/senate.main/index.html (CNN)] The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) reports that on November 2, touch-screen electronic voting machines in at least six U.S. states had incorrectly recorded their choices, including for the presidential election. Incorrectly recorded votes make up roughly 20 percent of the e-voting problems. [http://www.eff.org/news/archives/2004_11.php#002062 (EFF)] Same-sex marriage in the United States: Gay rights activists suffer a severe setback when state constitutional amendments prohibiting same-sex marriage are passed in eleven states: Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, Michigan, Mississippi, Montana, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, Oregon, and Utah. The measures in Oregon, Mississippi, and Montana ban same-sex marriage only, while Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, and Utah ban both same-sex marriage and civil unions and Michigan bans granting any benefits whatsoever to same-sex couples. ](/news/2004/11/3/senator-john-kerry-concedes-to-president-george-w-bush-the-outcome-should-be-decided-by-voters-not-a-protracted-legal-process-kerry-sa.md) _Context: George W. Bush, John Kerry_
7. [ U.S. civil rights organizations report on a number of misleading voter fliers and phone calls aimed at African-American voters, alleging that these are an attempt to suppress the African-American vote in today's U.S. presidential election. [http://www.reuters.co.uk/newsPackageArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=613416&section=news (Reuters)] U.S. presidential election, 2004 timeline: Voting begins for the 2004 U.S. presidential election, as well as for elections to the U.S. Congress and many state and local offices. The incumbent, Republican George W. Bush, and the challenger, Democrat John Kerry, are statistically tied in the latest opinion polls.](/news/2004/11/2/u-s-civil-rights-organizations-report-on-a-number-of-misleading-voter-fliers-and-phone-calls-aimed-at-african-american-voters-alleging-th.md) _Context: George W. Bush, John Kerry_
8. [ US President George W. Bush and challenger Senator John Kerry meet at Washington University in St. Louis, Missouri, for the second of three U.S. presidential debates. ](/news/2004/10/8/us-president-george-w-bush-and-challenger-senator-john-kerry-meet-at-washington-university-in-st-louis-missouri-for-the-second-of-three.md) _Context: George W. Bush, John Kerry_
9. [ Two days before the 2004 United States presidential elections, President George W. Bush and challenger John Kerry tour the swing states of Ohio, New Hampshire and Florida. ](/news/2004/10/31/two-days-before-the-2004-united-states-presidential-elections-president-george-w-bush-and-challenger-john-kerry-tour-the-swing-states-of.md) _Context: George W. Bush, John Kerry_
10. [ Arab television network Al Jazeera broadcasts a new video tape of Osama bin Laden, addressing citizens of the United States, acknowledging his responsibility for the September 11, 2001 attacks, threatening further action against the U.S., and criticizing U.S. President George W. Bush. He said that the security of the American people depended neither on Mr. Bush nor on John Kerry, but on US policy. ](/news/2004/10/29/arab-television-network-al-jazeera-broadcasts-a-new-video-tape-of-osama-bin-laden-addressing-citizens-of-the-united-states-acknowledging.md) _Context: George W. Bush, John Kerry_
