### [2004-06-21](/news/2004/06/21/index.md)

#  A report by the "New York Times" alleges that the United States administration overstated the intelligence value and importance of the prisoners held at the controversial prisoner camp at Guantanamo Bay. The report, based on interviews with government officials, concludes that only a relatively small percentage of the prisoners were sworn members of Al Qaeda, and that most were relatively unimportant, low-level people. 




### Source:

1. [IHT](http://www.iht.com/articles/525871.html)
2. [NYT](http://www.nytimes.com/2004/06/21/politics/21GITM.html?hp=&pagewanted=print&position=)
2. [Cover Image](https://static01.nyt.com/images/icons/t_logo_291_black.png)

### Related:

1. [ Camp X-Ray: The US has confirmed that 23 prisoners held in the Guantanamo Bay military base attempted a mass suicide two years ago. ](/news/2005/01/25/camp-x-ray-the-us-has-confirmed-that-23-prisoners-held-in-the-guantanamo-bay-military-base-attempted-a-mass-suicide-two-years-ago.md) _Context: Camp X-Ray, Guantnamo Bay detainment camp_
2. [ Camp X-Ray: Archbishop Desmond Tutu has called for the release of the remaining inmates at Guantanamo Bay and terror suspects detained without trial in the UK referring to the detentions without trial as ""unacceptable"" and ""distressing"". ](/news/2005/01/12/camp-x-ray-archbishop-desmond-tutu-has-called-for-the-release-of-the-remaining-inmates-at-guantanamo-bay-and-terror-suspects-detained-with.md) _Context: Camp X-Ray, Guantnamo Bay detainment camp_
3. [ A report from the International Committee of the Red Cross, recently leaked to the "New York Times", describes the treatment of prisoners at the U.S. base in Guantnamo Bay, Cuba as being "tantamount to torture". The U.S. military disputes this. ](/news/2004/11/30/a-report-from-the-international-committee-of-the-red-cross-recently-leaked-to-the-new-york-times-describes-the-treatment-of-prisoners-a.md) _Context: Camp X-Ray, New York Times_
4. [ In the trial of Zacarias Moussaoui, the only person yet tried in the U.S. in relation to the 9/11 attacks, the court refuses to allow Moussaoui to call Camp X-Ray detainees as witnesses, but does allow him to use written evidence from some of the detainees. Prosecutors are seeking the death penalty against Moussaoui, who admits to being a member of al-Qaeda but denies involvement in the 9/11 plot. ](/news/2004/09/14/in-the-trial-of-zacarias-moussaoui-the-only-person-yet-tried-in-the-u-s-in-relation-to-the-9-11-attacks-the-court-refuses-to-allow-mouss.md) _Context: Camp X-Ray, al-Qaeda_
5. [ Teenagers released from Guantanamo Bay's Camp X-Ray recall the place fondly. ](/news/2004/03/6/teenagers-released-from-guantanamo-bay-s-camp-x-ray-recall-the-place-fondly.md) _Context: Camp X-Ray, Guantnamo Bay detainment camp_
6. [ Guantanamo Bay: Recently released British Camp X-Ray inmate Jamal al-Harith is interviewed by the Daily Mirror, alleging physical assaults and psychological torture. ](/news/2004/03/12/guantanamo-bay-recently-released-british-camp-x-ray-inmate-jamal-al-harith-is-interviewed-by-the-daily-mirror-alleging-physical-assaults.md) _Context: Camp X-Ray, Guantnamo Bay detainment camp_
7. [ Guantanamo Bay: The Pentagon announces that the first charges are to be filed against two of the six hundred detainees of the detention camp, but human rights groups have had their request to observe the military tribunals turned down. The defendants are named as Ali Hamza Ahmad Sulayman al-Bahlul and Ibrahim Ahmed Mahmoud al Qosi, both alleged to be Al-Qaeda members and charged with "conspiracy to commit war crimes". ](/news/2004/02/25/guantanamo-bay-the-pentagon-announces-that-the-first-charges-are-to-be-filed-against-two-of-the-six-hundred-detainees-of-the-detention-cam.md) _Context: Guantnamo Bay detainment camp, al-Qaeda_
8. [ Seventeen people are killed and more than 120 are injured, many of them children, in a midnight car bomb attack in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Suspicions immediately fall on the terrorist movement al-Qaeda. The victims included Saudis as well as Sudanese, Lebanese, and Egyptian residents of the compound, which was less rigorously protected than similar facilities inhabited by westerners. The Venice Commission: (The European Commission for Democracy through Law) criticizes the regime under which men are held in Guantanamo Bay. It concludes that it is wrong to ignore the Geneva Conventions and basic human rights law. British special forces commanders criticise the quality of the intelligence given to them before and during the conflict with Iraq. The UK Secretary of Defence Geoff Hoon is accused of providing misleading figures about the true cost of conflict in Iraq. U.S. troops shoot and kill Mohannad Ghazi al Kaabi, the appointed interim mayor of Sadr City (formerly Saddam City), Baghdad. The incident reportedly occurs from a confrontation following Mohannad's refusal to follow instructions from the on-site security official. The security official was enforcing security procedures stemming from recent car bombing incidents in accordance with standard rules of engagement.](/news/2003/11/9/seventeen-people-are-killed-and-more-than-120-are-injured-many-of-them-children-in-a-midnight-car-bomb-attack-in-riyadh-saudi-arabia-su.md) _Context: Guantnamo Bay detainment camp, al-Qaeda_
9. [ Camp X-ray: The United States' policy of detaining up to 600 people in Guantanamo Bay comes under fierce attack from the Red Cross and a group of American former judges, diplomats and military officers who are asking the Supreme Court of the United States to review the situation. The Red Cross criticises the policy of holding detainees without legal representation and in contravention of legal conventions; it reports a worrying deterioration in the mental health of detainees.](/news/2003/10/10/camp-x-ray-the-united-states-policy-of-detaining-up-to-600-people-in-guantanamo-bay-comes-under-fierce-attack-from-the-red-cross-and-a-gr.md) _Context: Camp X-Ray, Guantnamo Bay detainment camp_
10. [Tahrir al-Sham, al-Qaeda's branch in Syria, claims responsibility for yesterday's twin bomb attacks in Damascus which left dozens dead. ](/news/2017/03/12/tahrir-al-sham-al-qaeda-s-branch-in-syria-claims-responsibility-for-yesterday-s-twin-bomb-attacks-in-damascus-which-left-dozens-dead.md) _Context: al-Qaeda_
