### [2017-08-11](/news/2017/08/11/index.md)

# At least 56 African migrants drown in the Red Sea while traveling from the Horn of Africa to Yemen. Human traffickers had forced 300 people aboard two boats into the sea. 

At least 56 people have drowned over the past 24 hours, and dozens remain missing, after human traffickers forced 300 African migrants off two Yemen-bound boats and into the sea. Survivors -- all Ethiopian and Somali migrants -- managed to make their way to Shabwa, a southern province along Yemen&#x27;


### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo](https://www.yahoo.com/news/least-56-dead-smugglers-throw-300-african-migrants-153712561.html)

### Related:

1. [The United Nations International Organization for Migration reports, over the last two days in two incidents, smugglers have thrown 280 migrants from Ethiopia and other Horn of Africa countries into the sea off the coast of Yemen. More than 50 refugees have drowned with over 30 people still missing. ](/news/2017/08/10/the-united-nations-international-organization-for-migration-reports-over-the-last-two-days-in-two-incidents-smugglers-have-thrown-280-migr.md) _Context: Horn of Africa, Migrant crisis, Yemen_
2. [The United States Navy's destroyer USS "Mason" comes under missile attack in the Red Sea, off the coast of Yemen. The two missiles, fired from Yemeni territory controlled by Iranian-backed Houthis, impacted the water well before reaching the ship, according to Pentagon spokesman Captain Jeff Davis. ](/news/2016/10/9/the-united-states-navy-s-destroyer-uss-mason-comes-under-missile-attack-in-the-red-sea-off-the-coast-of-yemen-the-two-missiles-fired-fr.md) _Context: Red Sea, Yemen_
3. [The United States Navy's USS "Mason" is fired on for the third time in a week from territory controlled by Houthi forces in Yemen, while in international waters of the Red Sea. The ship deployed countermeasures and was not struck, according to U.S. officials. ](/news/2016/10/15/the-united-states-navy-s-uss-mason-is-fired-on-for-the-third-time-in-a-week-from-territory-controlled-by-houthi-forces-in-yemen-while-in.md) _Context: Red Sea, Yemen_
4. [The U.S. military launches Tomahawk cruise missiles from the USS "Nitze" against Houthi-controlled radar sites in Yemen following two incidents in which, according to U.S. military, missiles were fired on United States Navy vessels in the Red Sea. ](/news/2016/10/13/the-u-s-military-launches-tomahawk-cruise-missiles-from-the-uss-nitze-against-houthi-controlled-radar-sites-in-yemen-following-two-incide.md) _Context: Red Sea, Yemen_
5. [Houthi forces launch rockets that hit and reportedly destroy HSV-2 "Swift", a military vessel belonging to the United Arab Emirates Navy, off the coast of Yemen, near the strategic Red Sea port of Mokha. ](/news/2016/10/1/houthi-forces-launch-rockets-that-hit-and-reportedly-destroy-hsv-2-swift-a-military-vessel-belonging-to-the-united-arab-emirates-navy-of.md) _Context: Red Sea, Yemen_
6. [At least 40 people, including several fishermen, are reportedly killed following Saudi-led coalition airstrikes on two islands off Yemen's Red Sea coast. Local fisherman reported coalition aircraft and warships struck the Aqban and Kadman islands targeting Houthi forces but also destroyed several boats killing local fishermen. ](/news/2015/10/24/at-least-40-people-including-several-fishermen-are-reportedly-killed-following-saudi-led-coalition-airstrikes-on-two-islands-off-yemen-s-r.md) _Context: Red Sea, Yemen_
7. [An Arab coalition air-strike on a wedding party in Wahijah, a village near the Red Sea port city of Mocha in southern Yemen, reportedly leaves as many as 131 people dead, making it the deadliest coalition attack on Yemeni civilians in the conflict so far. The UN general secretary condemns the attack. ](/news/2015/09/28/an-arab-coalition-air-strike-on-a-wedding-party-in-wahijah-a-village-near-the-red-sea-port-city-of-mocha-in-southern-yemen-reportedly-leav.md) _Context: Red Sea, Yemen_
8. [Air-strikes by Saudi helicopter gunships on the Yemeni village of Bani Zela in Yemen's Red Sea border area with Saudi Arabia kill at least 25 people. ](/news/2015/09/27/air-strikes-by-saudi-helicopter-gunships-on-the-yemeni-village-of-bani-zela-in-yemen-s-red-sea-border-area-with-saudi-arabia-kill-at-least-2.md) _Context: Red Sea, Yemen_
9. [At least 70 drown when a migrant boat from Ethiopia sinks off the Red Sea coast of Yemen. ](/news/2014/12/6/at-least-70-drown-when-a-migrant-boat-from-ethiopia-sinks-off-the-red-sea-coast-of-yemen.md) _Context: Red Sea, Yemen_
10. [At least 42 migrants from the Horn of Africa drown when their boat overturns off the coast of Shabwah Governorate, Yemen. ](/news/2014/03/9/at-least-42-migrants-from-the-horn-of-africa-drown-when-their-boat-overturns-off-the-coast-of-shabwah-governorate-yemen.md) _Context: Horn of Africa, Yemen_
