### [2017-08-11](/news/2017/08/11/index.md)

# Shortly after Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski called Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro a "dictator" in response to the Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Peru expels Venezuela's ambassador to Peru to protest Venezuela's recent formation of an all-powerful constituent assembly that has been widely condemned as a power grab by Maduro. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-venezuela-politics-peru-idUSKBN1AR2B7)
1. [Cover Image](https://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20170811&t=2&i=1196767773&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXMPED7A1HR)

### Related:

1. [Armed men dressed as soldiers, apparently led by former National Guard captain Juan Carlos Caguaripano, attack a Venezuelan Army base near Valencia, Carabobo, declaring themselves in rebellion against the National Constituent Assembly and President Nicolas Maduro. At least two people are killed. ](/news/2017/08/6/armed-men-dressed-as-soldiers-apparently-led-by-former-national-guard-captain-juan-carlos-caguaripano-attack-a-venezuelan-army-base-near-v.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis, National Constituent Assembly, Nicolas Maduro_
2. [The new Constituent Assembly votes to remove Attorney General Luisa Ortega Diaz, a prominent critic of President Nicolas Maduro, from her post. The move comes hours after troops from the National Guard surrounded her home in Caracas. ](/news/2017/08/5/the-new-constituent-assembly-votes-to-remove-attorney-general-luisa-ortega-daaz-a-prominent-critic-of-president-nicola-s-maduro-from-her.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Nicolas Maduro_
3. [The controversial National Constituent Assembly votes unanimously to assume the powers of the opposition-led National Assembly of Venezuela. ](/news/2017/08/18/the-controversial-national-constituent-assembly-votes-unanimously-to-assume-the-powers-of-the-opposition-led-national-assembly-of-venezuela.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis, National Constituent Assembly_
4. [The United States sanctions Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro over the controversial Constitutional Assembly election which critics say is an attempt to establish a dictatorship. ](/news/2017/07/31/the-united-states-sanctions-venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-over-the-controversial-constitutional-assembly-election-which-critics-say-i.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Nicolas Maduro_
5. [Voters in Venezuela participate in an election for members of a new Constitutional Assembly, devised by President Nicolas Maduro to amend the constitution following a legislative takeover in March. Many Venezuelans question the election's legitimacy, resulting in boycotts and ongoing protests. ](/news/2017/07/30/voters-in-venezuela-participate-in-an-election-for-members-of-a-new-constitutional-assembly-devised-by-president-nicola-s-maduro-to-amend-t.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Nicolas Maduro_

### Changes:

1. [Shortly after Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski called Maduro a "dictator", Peru expels Venezuela's ambassador to Peru to protest Venezuela's recent formation of an all-powerful constituent assembly that has been widely condemned as a power grab by socialist President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2017/08/11/shortly-after-peruvian-president-pedro-pablo-kuczynski-called-maduro-a-dictator-peru-expels-venezuela-s-ambassador-to-peru-to-protest-ven.md) _2017-08-12 15:30:05 (First version)_
2. [Shortly after Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski called Venezuelan President Nicols Maduro a "dictator", Peru expels Venezuela's ambassador to Peru to protest Venezuela's recent formation of an all-powerful constituent assembly that has been widely condemned as a power grab by Maduro. ](/news/2017/08/11/shortly-after-peruvian-president-pedro-pablo-kuczynski-called-venezuelan-president-nicolas-maduro-a-dictator-peru-expels-venezuela-s-amba.md) _2017-08-12 23:30:04 (Update)_
3. [Peru-Venezuela relationsShortly after Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski called Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro a "dictator", Peru expels Venezuela's ambassador to Peru to protest Venezuela's recent formation of an all-powerful constituent assembly that has been widely condemned as a power grab by Maduro. ](/news/2017/08/11/peruavenezuela-relationspshortly-after-peruvian-president-pedro-pablo-kuczynski-called-venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-a-dictator.md) _2017-08-14 03:48:53 (Update)_
4. [Peru-Venezuela relationsShortly after Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski called Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro a "dictator" in response to the Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Peru expels Venezuela's ambassador to Peru to protest Venezuela's recent formation of an all-powerful constituent assembly that has been widely condemned as a power grab by Maduro. ](/news/2017/08/11/peruavenezuela-relationspshortly-after-peruvian-president-pedro-pablo-kuczynski-called-venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-a-dictator-i.md) _2017-08-25 03:48:20 (Update)_
5. [Peru-Venezuela relations: Shortly after Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski called Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro a "dictator" in response to the Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Peru expels Venezuela's ambassador to Peru to protest Venezuela's recent formation of an all-powerful constituent assembly that has been widely condemned as a power grab by Maduro. ](/news/2017/08/11/peru-venezuela-relations-shortly-after-peruvian-president-pedro-pablo-kuczynski-called-venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-a-dictator.md) _2017-08-27 03:48:47 (Update)_
5. [Shortly after Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski called Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro a "dictator" in response to the Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Peru expels Venezuela's ambassador to Peru to protest Venezuela's recent formation of an all-powerful constituent assembly that has been widely condemned as a power grab by Maduro. ](/news/2017/08/11/shortly-after-peruvian-president-pedro-pablo-kuczynski-called-venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-a-dictator-in-response-to-the-venezuela.md) _(Current version)_
