### [2004-10-26](/news/2004/10/26/index.md)

#  Iraq's appointed Prime Minister Iyad Allawi tells the interim national council that yesterday's killing of 49 unarmed army recruits "was the outcome of major neglect by some parts of the multinational (forces)." 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2004/WORLD/meast/10/26/iraq.main/index.html)
2. [Reuters](http://reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6609619&section=news)
3. [Reuters](http://reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6617482&section=news)

### Related:

1. [ Iraqi President Jalal Talabani has called the former prime minister Iyad Allawi's comments ""nonsense"". Allawi claimed that the human rights abuses in Iraq were as bad now as they were under Saddam Hussein. Talabani stated that the government was against any form of torture or harming of Prisoners. ](/news/2005/11/28/iraqi-president-jalal-talabani-has-called-the-former-prime-minister-iyad-allawi-s-comments-nonsense-allawi-claimed-that-the-human-righ.md) _Context: Iyad Allawi, Prime Minister_
2. [ Ibrahim Jaafari, a Shia, has replaced Iyad Allawi as the interim prime minister of Iraq. ](/news/2005/04/7/ibrahim-jaafari-a-shia-has-replaced-iyad-allawi-as-the-interim-prime-minister-of-iraq.md) _Context: Iyad Allawi, Prime Minister_
3. [The parliament of Papua New Guinea re-elects Peter O'Neill as Prime Minister, ending a chaotic election campaign marred by violence, which analysts fear may continue amid widespread voter unrest. ](/news/2017/08/2/the-parliament-of-papua-new-guinea-re-elects-peter-o-neill-as-prime-minister-ending-a-chaotic-election-campaign-marred-by-violence-which-a.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
4. [British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to "The New York Times". British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connection-with-monday-s-manchester-bombing-attack-for-most-of-the-day.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
5. [Following the Obama Administration's pledge of additional Special Operations troops to Iraq, several members of Iraq's ruling alliance state that only the Iraqi Parliament can authorize the action, and political associates of Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi report such a troop expansion would be unacceptable. Several members of Iraqi militias have also decried a deployment of more U.S. troops. During the pull out from Iraq, president Obama promised there would be no more "boots on the ground" in Iraq again. ](/news/2015/12/3/following-the-obama-administration-s-pledge-of-additional-special-operations-troops-to-iraq-several-members-of-iraqas-ruling-alliance-sta.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
6. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met today in Berlin with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu regarding the recent spate of violence between Palestinians and Israelis. Kerry will meet on Saturday with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and King Abdullah of Jordan in Amman. ](/news/2015/10/22/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-met-today-in-berlin-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-regarding-the-recent-spate-of-violence.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
7. [Thousands of protesters defy curfew and march in Tunis, camping outside the government's main office complex and demanding that the Prime Minister and the old guard that served under former President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, step down. ](/news/2011/01/25/thousands-of-protesters-defy-curfew-and-march-in-tunis-camping-outside-the-government-s-main-office-complex-and-demanding-that-the-prime-mi.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
8. [Daniel Skahan, a 29-year-old from Ottawa, is charged 5,000 $ for mischief and possession of incendiary materials, for his role in setting a fire just outside of Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper's home. ](/news/2010/08/15/daniel-skahan-a-29-year-old-from-ottawa-is-charged-5-000-for-mischief-and-possession-of-incendiary-materials-for-his-role-in-setting-a.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
9. [Turkey's Prime Minister, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, describes Israel as the "main threat to peace" in the Middle East. ](/news/2010/04/7/turkey-s-prime-minister-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-describes-israel-as-the-main-threat-to-peace-in-the-middle-east.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
10. [ The People's Alliance for Democracy claims to be in complete control of Suvarnabhumi Airport, Bangkok's international airport. [http://www.smh.com.au/news/travel/protesters-we-control-bangkok-airport/2008/11/26/1227491584334.html?page=fullpage#contentSwap1 (Sydney Morning Herald)] Thai authorities evacuate thousands of passengers from Suvarnabhumi Airport. [http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2008/11/26/2430615.htm (ABC News Australia)] Thai Prime Minister Somchai Wongsawat rejects calls for election. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/7750737.stm BBC News] adde](/news/2008/11/26/the-people-s-alliance-for-democracy-claims-to-be-in-complete-control-of-suvarnabhumi-airport-bangkok-s-international-airport-http-www.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
