
Formats: [HTML](/news/2004/10/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-knesset-approves-israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-s-plan-to-withdraw-21-settlements-from-the-gaza-stri.html)  [JSON](/news/2004/10/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-knesset-approves-israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-s-plan-to-withdraw-21-settlements-from-the-gaza-stri.json)  [XML](/news/2004/10/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-knesset-approves-israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-s-plan-to-withdraw-21-settlements-from-the-gaza-stri.xml)  

### [2004-10-26](/news/2004/10/26/index.md)

##### Israeli-Palestinian conflict
#  Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The Knesset approves Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's plan to withdraw 21 settlements from the Gaza Strip and 4 from the West Bank by next year. Israeli Finance Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and three other cabinet ministers from Sharon's ruling Likud government threaten to resign if a referendum over the plan will not be held. 




### Sources:

1. [Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/israel/Story/0,2763,1336610,00.html)
2. [Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6618004)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon accepts an Israeli Defence Force plan to begin withdrawing troops from Jabalia, Beit Lahiya, and Beit Hanoun in the northern Gaza Strip this weekend. [http:--www.haaretz.com-hasen-spages-489056.html (Haaretz)] About 100,000 Israelis in 100 cities march in a series of demonstrations across Israel opposing their government's proposal to withdraw Israeli settlers from the Gaza Strip and parts of the West Bank.](/news/2004/10/14/israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-accepts-an-israeli-defence-force-plan-to-begin-withdrawing-troops-from-jabalia-beit-lahiya-and-beit-h.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Gaza Strip, Israel's unilateral disengagement plan of 2004, West Bank_
2. [The Likud party, led by incumbent Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, wins the most seats in the Knesset, winning 30 out of 120 seats. If asked by the President to form a government, Netanyahu will become the first Prime Minister to serve a fourth term. ](/news/2015/03/17/the-likud-party-led-by-incumbent-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-wins-the-most-seats-in-the-knesset-winning-30-out-of-120-seats-if-ask.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Likud, parliament in Israel_
3. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu mulls withdrawing IDF forces from parts of the West Bank and handing over full security control to the Palestinian Authority to demonstrate an Israeli diplomatic initiative that would block a possible "diplomatic tsunami" that could follow international recognition of a Palestinian state. ](/news/2011/04/12/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-mulls-withdrawing-idf-forces-from-parts-of-the-west-bank-and-handing-over-full-security-control-to.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
4. [ Israeli army radio reports Ariel Sharon, the current Prime Minister of Israel, will leave Likud and create a new centrist party positioned between it and Israeli Labor Party. This move ends more than a year of Likud infighting between Sharon and hard-right members led by Benjamin Netanyahu who opposed withdrawal from Gaza, and closely follows Labour's departure from the present grand coalition government. Early elections are now a near-certainty. ](/news/2005/11/20/israeli-army-radio-reports-ariel-sharon-the-current-prime-minister-of-israel-will-leave-likud-and-create-a-new-centrist-party-positioned.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Benjamin Netanyahu, Likud_
5. [ Israeli troops, who are still in the process of withdrawing from Gaza, shoot dead a Palestinian teenager as he and about 50 others breach a fence around the evacuated Israeli settlement of Gush Katif and climbed atop of IDF tanks. [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-middle_east-4220914.stm (BBC)] [http:--www.haaretz.com-hasen-spages-621804.html (Haaretz)] The Israeli Minister for Education, Limor Livnat, has called on her government to expand Israeli settlements in the West Bank as "dividend" of the pullout of the Gaza Strip. [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-middle_east-4220300.stm (BBC)], [http:--www.imemc.org-index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13718&Itemid=1 (IMEMC)] The Israeli Housing Minister, Isaac Herzog, told Israel Radio that Israel does not intend to construct in E1 the area between the Maale Adumim Israeli settlement and Jerusalem in the coming years, adding that Israeli government statements to the contrary were part of the "internal conflict" at the Likud party. ([http:--www.imemc.org-index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13724&Itemid=1 IMEMC])](/news/2005/09/6/israeli-troops-who-are-still-in-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-gaza-shoot-dead-a-palestinian-teenager-as-he-and-about-50-others-breach-a.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Likud, West Bank_
