### [2004-03-24](/news/2004/03/24/index.md)

#  The leader of Hamas states that the group has no plans to attack U.S. targets, retreating from earlier threats by its armed wing. However, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is announced as a new target, instead. [http://www.news.com.au/common/story_page/0,4057,9069472%255E2,00.html (News Limited)] Sharon states that Israel has a "natural right" to pursue those who would destroy it. [http://www.thejewishpress.com/news_article.asp?article=3547 (Jewish Press)] Hussam Abdo, a 14-year-old Palestinian suicide bomber fails to detonate his bomb-vest at an Israeli checkpoint outside Nablus. The child was paid $23 and promised sex in heaven as his reward. An armed wing of Fatah takes responsibility for sending the boy.




### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel kills senior Hamas official, Ismail Abu Shanab, by a missile strike in the Gaza Strip and sent tanks into the West Bank towns of Nablus, Jenin and Tulkarem in response to a deadly suicide bombing of a bus in Jerusalem. In Hebron, troops destroy the terrorist bomber's home. Hamas and Islamic Jihad end their participation in the cease fire (in response to Israel's action from the two groups' bombing), declaring themselves as enemies to the peace plan, and vow further terrorist acts. The militants demand that Palestinian prime minister, Mahmoud Abbas, leave their area of control.](/news/2003/08/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-kills-senior-hamas-official-ismail-abu-shanab-by-a-missile-strike-in-the-gaza-strip-and-sent-tanks-i.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Nablus, Palestinian, Prime Minister_
2. [ The Israeli Shin Bet (SHABAK) states that one month ago it arrested an alleged eight-member Palestinian militant cell in Nablus that included four teenage would-be suicide bombers. It claimed that the cell was part of Fatah (the ruling party of the Palestinian Authority), and that the Lebanese group Hezbollah was behind it. ](/news/2005/06/15/the-israeli-shin-bet-shabak-states-that-one-month-ago-it-arrested-an-alleged-eight-member-palestinian-militant-cell-in-nablus-that-includ.md) _Context: Fatah, Israel, Nablus, suicide bomber_
3. [ Israel arrests a 15-year-old Palestinian at a Hawara checkpoint, near Nablus, wearing a suicide bomb belt. ](/news/2005/05/22/israel-arrests-a-15-year-old-palestinian-at-a-hawara-checkpoint-near-nablus-wearing-a-suicide-bomb-belt.md) _Context: Israel, Nablus, Palestinian, suicide bomber_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A truce is declared between Israel and the Palestinian Authority. Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian Authority, and Ariel Sharon, the Prime Minister of Israel, shook hands at a four-way summit at Sharm el-Sheikh that was also attended by Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and Jordan's King Abdullah. Palestinian organization Hamas says it is not bound by the ceasefire. ](/news/2005/02/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-truce-is-declared-between-israel-and-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palesti.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Hamas, Israel, Palestinian_
5. [ Reem El-Reyashi, a Palestinian suicide bomber, kills four border guards at the Erez Crossing. She is the first female suicide bomber used by Hamas. Four months before, Israel targeted Hamas leadership, including Ahmed Yassin, as a result Hamas halted all suicide bombing for four months. Jack Kelley, USA TODAY foreign correspondent and a finalist for a Pulitzer Prize just two years ago, was forced to resign after the newspaper determined he repeatedly misled editors during an internal investigation into stories he wrote. Among the stories that are being investigated is one published September 4, 2001, contains an account of an attack on Palestinians by 13 Jewish settlers in the West Bank. Mark Memmott, the reporter asked to investigate Kelley, said he could not find anyone with first-hand knowledge of the attack.](/news/2004/01/14/reem-el-reyashi-a-palestinian-suicide-bomber-kills-four-border-guards-at-the-erez-crossing-she-is-the-first-female-suicide-bomber-used-b.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Palestinian, suicide bomber_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Palestinian prime minister, Mahmoud Abbas, breaks negotiations with the Islamic militant groups Hamas and Islamic Jihad in response to the bombing in Jerusalem. Israel notifies the public that it will retaliate with military strikes for bus bombing. There are conflicting reports that Israel will hold off on the attacks to see if the Palestinian administration takes action against terrorist groups.](/news/2003/08/20/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-prime-minister-mahmoud-abbas-breaks-negotiations-with-the-islamic-militant-groups-hamas-and-isl.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Palestinian, Prime Minister_
7. [ 20 killed, 136 wounded by an explosion on board an Israeli bus in Jerusalem. Among the victims are several children. The explosion was caused by a Palestinian suicide bomber. The Palestinian Islamic Jihad in Hebron claims responsibility for the attack. There are conflicting reports that Hamas is responsible for the bombing. Israeli government reportedly freezes road map for peace negotiations. In the following days, two additional victims died of their wounds, raising the death toll to 22., see also: Jerusalem bus 2 massacre](/news/2003/08/19/20-killed-136-wounded-by-an-explosion-on-board-an-israeli-bus-in-jerusalem-among-the-victims-are-several-children-the-explosion-was-caus.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Palestinian, suicide bomber_
8. [Israel withholds 300 million NIS ($89 million) in tax and customs revenue collected on behalf of the Palestinians to the Palestinian Authority after Fatah and Hamas agree a unity deal intended to lead to a transitional government and fresh elections. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu expresses his disregard for the agreement. ](/news/2011/05/1/israel-withholds-300-million-nis-89-million-in-tax-and-customs-revenue-collected-on-behalf-of-the-palestinians-to-the-palestinian-authori.md) _Context: Fatah, Hamas, Israel_
9. [Hamas Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh calls on the PLO to withdraw its recognition of Israel's right to exist in response to Israel's opposition to the reconciliation deal between his movement and Fatah. ](/news/2011/04/29/hamas-prime-minister-ismail-haniyeh-calls-on-the-plo-to-withdraw-its-recognition-of-israelas-right-to-exist-in-response-to-israelas-oppo.md) _Context: Fatah, Hamas, Israel_
10. [Israeli officials say they will refuse to deal with the Palestinian unity government composed of Fatah and Hamas because Hamas has carried out bombings and rocket attacks against Israel for years and does not recognise its right to exist.](/news/2011/04/28/israeli-officials-say-they-will-refuse-to-deal-with-the-palestinian-unity-government-composed-of-fatah-and-hamas-because-hamas-has-carried-o.md) _Context: Fatah, Hamas, Israel_
