### [2016-08-13](/news/2016/08/13/index.md)

# Darya Klishina, Russia's sole track and field competitor at the Rio Olympics, has her exemption to Russia's blanket ban revoked. Reportedly, new evidence  emerged in relation to a World Anti-Doping Agency report. Klishina is appealing the decision to the Court of Arbitration for Sport. 

Three trips to the top of the podium on Saturday clinched the milestone. 


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-olympics-rio-russia-klishina-idUSKCN10O0QV)
2. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/sports/olympics/rio-2016/2016/08/13/usa-1000th-medal-medley-relay-swimming/88697594/)

### Related:

1. [Russian Sports Minister Vitaly Mutko says there will be no boycott of next year's Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, and that he is ready to own up to some of the charges leveled in the World Anti-Doping Agency commission's massive report on doping, the Associated Press reports. ](/news/2015/11/12/russian-sports-minister-vitaly-mutko-says-there-will-be-no-boycott-of-next-year-s-olympics-in-rio-de-janeiro-and-that-he-is-ready-to-own-up.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics, Russia, World Anti-Doping Agency_
2. [The Russian Olympic Committee appeals the ban of its track and field team from participating in the upcoming summer Olympics by the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF), because of large scale doping, with the Court of Arbitration for Sport. A hearing on the case will take place on July 19. ](/news/2016/07/3/the-russian-olympic-committee-appeals-the-ban-of-its-track-and-field-team-from-participating-in-the-upcoming-summer-olympics-by-the-internat.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics, Court of Arbitration for Sport_
3. [The International Olympic Committee states it considers all Russian athletes tainted by the country's state-run doping scheme but individual athletes can compete in 2016 Games if they are able to convince individual sports federations of their innocence. A daunting task for these organizations to handle hundreds of appeals just 12 days before the start of the Rio Games on 5 August. ](/news/2016/07/24/the-international-olympic-committee-states-it-considers-all-russian-athletes-tainted-by-the-countryas-state-run-doping-scheme-but-individu.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics, Russia_
4. [Russian Sports Minister Vitaly Mutko says they will not open up a formal investigation into the doping scandals that were reported by the World Anti-Doping Agency last November, where it documented Russian athletes systematically taking banned performance-enhancing drugs with state support. ](/news/2016/04/8/russian-sports-minister-vitaly-mutko-says-they-will-not-open-up-a-formal-investigation-into-the-doping-scandals-that-were-reported-by-the-wo.md) _Context: Russia, World Anti-Doping Agency_
5. [Russian tennis star Maria Sharapova tests positive for meldonium at the 2016 Australian Open tennis championship. She has taken the drug since 2006 on prescription for health issues. World Anti-Doping Agency President Craig Reedie says an athlete found guilty of using meldonium would normally face a one-year suspension. ](/news/2016/03/7/russian-tennis-star-maria-sharapova-tests-positive-for-meldonium-at-the-2016-australian-open-tennis-championship-she-has-taken-the-drug-sin.md) _Context: Russia, World Anti-Doping Agency_
6. [Six Russian athletes are to be stripped of the medals they won at World and European championships in 2010 and 2011 and the 2012 Summer Olympics following a ruling by the Court of Arbitration for Sport. The athletes affected are Sergei Balukin, Valeriy Borchin, Vladimir Kanaikin, Olga Kaniskina, Yulia Zaripova and Sergey Kirdyapkin. The ruling means Kirdyapkin is set to lose his gold medal won at the 2012 Olympics. ](/news/2016/03/24/six-russian-athletes-are-to-be-stripped-of-the-medals-they-won-at-world-and-european-championships-in-2010-and-2011-and-the-2012-summer-olym.md) _Context: Court of Arbitration for Sport, Russia_
7. [A World Anti-Doping Agency investigation into a Russian doping scandal recommends the suspension of Russian athletes from international competition and lifetime bans for five athletes, four coaches and an administrator. Among the athletes are London Olympic medalists Mariya Savinova-Farnosova and Ekaterina Poistogova. ](/news/2015/11/9/a-world-anti-doping-agency-investigation-into-a-russian-doping-scandal-recommends-the-suspension-of-russian-athletes-from-international-comp.md) _Context: Russia, World Anti-Doping Agency_
8. [Lamine Diack, who is provisionally suspended as an honorary member of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) in connection with  suspected involvement in the  Russian doping scandal cited in yesterday's World Anti-Doping Agency report, resigns as president of the Monaco-based International Athletics Foundation (IAF), according to the  International Association of Athletics Federations (IAFF). Diack  stepped down as president of the IAAF in August.   The 82-year-old native of Senegal is under investigation in France on suspicion of corruption and money-laundering. ](/news/2015/11/10/lamine-diack-who-is-provisionally-suspended-as-an-honorary-member-of-the-international-olympic-committee-ioc-in-connection-with-suspecte.md) _Context: Russia, World Anti-Doping Agency_
9. [In cycling, Team Katusha is granted a World Tour licence by the Union Cycliste Internationale (UCI) after the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) last week upheld the Russian team's appeal against the UCI's original decision to deny it a ProTeam licence. ](/news/2013/02/18/in-cycling-team-katusha-is-granted-a-world-tour-licence-by-the-union-cycliste-internationale-uci-after-the-court-of-arbitration-for-sport.md) _Context: Court of Arbitration for Sport, Russia_
10. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Russia_
