### [2016-08-13](/news/2016/08/13/index.md)

# The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says that at least 51 people have been killed in the Syrian city of Aleppo. 

Beirut (AFP) - At least 51 civilians, including four children, were killed in air raids and shelling attacks on Saturday in Syria&#x27;s battleground city Aleppo and the neighbouring countryside, a monitoring group said.


### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo! News](https://www.yahoo.com/news/51-civilians-killed-aleppo-raids-shelling-monitor-215411715.html)

### Related:

1. [A rocket attack hits a hospital in the Syrian city of Aleppo, killing three civilians. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the attack was part of a bigger shelling that killed 19 more people. ](/news/2016/05/3/a-rocket-attack-hits-a-hospital-in-the-syrian-city-of-aleppo-killing-three-civilians-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-said-the-atta.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
2. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
3. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a large explosion near Damascus International Airport followed by a fire. The Syrian government says Israel struck the military site with several missiles. Israeli Intelligence Minister Yisrael Katz states that the strike "corresponds completely with Israel's policy". ](/news/2017/04/27/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-large-explosion-near-damascus-international-airport-followed-by-a-fire-the-syrian-governm.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
4. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, multiple suspected U.S.-led coalition air raids kill at least 23 civilians in the village of al-Matab in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/03/9/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-multiple-suspected-u-s-led-coalition-air-raids-kill-at-least-23-civilians-in-the-vill.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
5. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, the total number of people killed and missing in Syria's war is now 465,000. ](/news/2017/03/13/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-the-total-number-of-people-killed-and-missing-in-syria-s-war-is-now-465-000.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
6. [Rival fighters between Tahrir al-Sham and Jund al-Aqsa clash in Syria's northern Idlib Governorate, killing "dozens" according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2017/02/14/rival-fighters-between-tahrir-al-sham-and-jund-al-aqsa-clash-in-syria-s-northern-idlib-governorate-killing-dozens-according-to-the-syrian.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
7. [ISIL recaptures the Syrian city of Palmyra despite heavy Russian airstrikes, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and Palmyra Coordination Committee (PCC). ](/news/2016/12/11/isil-recaptures-the-syrian-city-of-palmyra-despite-heavy-russian-airstrikes-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-and-palmyr.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
8. [Six people are killed in a suspected chlorine gas attack in Aleppo, Syria. ](/news/2016/11/20/six-people-are-killed-in-a-suspected-chlorine-gas-attack-in-aleppo-syria.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Between four and 20 people are reported killed by government and Russian  airstrikes that hit rebel held areas, five hospitals, and a mobile clinic in Aleppo,  says U.S. State Department spokeswoman Elizabeth Trudeau. Syria and Russia deny targeting Aleppo. ](/news/2016/11/15/between-four-and-20-people-are-reported-killed-by-government-and-russian-airstrikes-that-hit-rebel-held-areas-five-hospitals-and-a-mobile.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
10. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and a rebel official report that Russian jets have resumed heavy bombing, and, in total, have now killed at least 50 civilians in villages surrounding rebel-held eastern Aleppo. ](/news/2016/10/11/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-and-a-rebel-official-report-that-russian-jets-have-resumed-heavy-bombing-and-in-total-have-now-ki.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
