### [2014-05-20](/news/2014/05/20/index.md)

# 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:. Ukrainian billionaire Rinat Akhmetov asks workers to stage a peace rally in the Donetsk region in protest against the self-proclaimed Donetsk People's Republic. 

Ukrainian businessman Rinat Akhmetov has called for workers of all enterprises in Donetsk region to start at noon on Tuesday a peace rally against the self-proclaimed &#39;Donetsk People&#39;s Republic.&#39;


### Source:

1. [Interfax](http://en.interfax.com.ua/news/general/205526.html)
2. [The Moscow Times](http://www.themoscowtimes.com/news/article/akhmetov-asks-donetsk-workforce-to-protest-against-separatists/500480.html)

### Related:

1. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:. Voters in break away "people's republics" (Donetsk People's Republic and Lugansk People's Republic respectively) in Donetsk and Luhansk go to the polls for parliamentary and presidential elections. Rebel leaders Alexander Zakharchenko (Donetsk) and Igor Plotnisky (Luhansk) appear set for victory in early counting in elections which will be recognised in Russia but not elsewhere. International observers noted a very high turnout. ](/news/2014/11/2/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-voters-in-break-away-people-s-republics-donetsk-people-s-republic-and-lugansk-people-s-republic-resp.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Donetsk, Donetsk People's Republic_
2. [Ukrainian crisis. DPR leader Alexander Zakharchenko announced that the self-declared Donetsk People's Republic (DPR) and Luhansk People's Republic (LPR) would form a new state called Malorossiya (Little Russia) as an official successor to what he called the "failed state" of Ukraine, with Donetsk replacing Kiev as the country's capital. Ukrainian president Petro Poroshenko and LPR leader Igor Plotnitsky denounced the plans. ](/news/2017/07/18/ukrainian-crisis-dpr-leader-alexander-zakharchenko-announced-that-the-self-declared-donetsk-people-s-republic-dpr-and-luhansk-people-s-re.md) _Context: Donetsk, Donetsk People's Republic_
3. [War in Donbass. A bomb placed in an elevator shaft kills Pro-Russian, high-ranking officer of the Donetsk People's Republic's special forces, Arseny Pavlov, also known as "Motorola", in Donetsk. ](/news/2016/10/16/war-in-donbass-a-bomb-placed-in-an-elevator-shaft-kills-pro-russian-high-ranking-officer-of-the-donetsk-people-s-republic-s-special-forces.md) _Context: Donetsk, Donetsk People's Republic_
4. [War in Donbass. Portraits of former dictator Joseph Stalin go up in the city of Donetsk as the Donetsk People's Republic adopts more Soviet era policies. ](/news/2015/10/19/war-in-donbass-portraits-of-former-dictator-joseph-stalin-go-up-in-the-city-of-donetsk-as-the-donetsk-people-s-republic-adopts-more-soviet.md) _Context: Donetsk, Donetsk People's Republic_
5. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: War in Donbass:. Ukrainian government forces recapture control of Marinka on the western edge of the pro-Russian rebel-held city of Donetsk. ](/news/2014/08/5/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-war-in-donbass-ukrainian-government-forces-recapture-control-of-marinka-on-the-western-edge-of-the-pro.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Donetsk_
6. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: War in Donbass:. Ukrainian government forces recapture control of Yasynuvata from pro-Russian insurgents; government troops have now all but encircled the rebels' second-largest stronghold of Luhansk, and rebels declared a "state of siege" in Donetsk. ](/news/2014/08/4/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-war-in-donbass-ukrainian-government-forces-recapture-control-of-yasynuvata-from-pro-russian-insurgents.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Donetsk_
7. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: War in Donbass:. The pro-Russian separatists in Donetsk, who are now in great danger of being encircled by the Ukraine government forces, renew their calls for Russia to send troops and arms to their aid. ](/news/2014/08/3/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-war-in-donbass-the-pro-russian-separatists-in-donetsk-who-are-now-in-great-danger-of-being-encircled.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Donetsk_
8. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: War in Donbass:. Ukrainian forces retake control of the towns of Krasnohorivka and Staromykhailivka, outside the pro-Russian rebels' stronghold of Donetsk. ](/news/2014/08/2/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-war-in-donbass-ukrainian-forces-retake-control-of-the-towns-of-krasnohorivka-and-staromykhailivka-out.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Donetsk_
9. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: War in Donbass:. Vladimir Antyufeyev, a Russian citizen and veteran of the pro-Russian separatist rebellion in Moldova, takes over as head of Donetsk People's Republic rebellion after self-labeled "prime minister" Alexander Borodai reportedly disappeared for Russia. ](/news/2014/08/1/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-war-in-donbass-vladimir-antyufeyev-a-russian-citizen-and-veteran-of-the-pro-russian-separatist-rebell.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Donetsk People's Republic_
10. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine. Fighting restarts near Donetsk as international investigators arrive to examine the crash of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17. ](/news/2014/07/21/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-fighting-restarts-near-donetsk-as-international-investigators-arrive-to-examine-the-crash-of-malaysia-ai.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Donetsk_
