### [2013-08-2](/news/2013/08/2/index.md)

# The United States Food and Drug Administration names Taylor Farms as the source of cyclospora parasite tainted salads that sickened 223 diners in the US states of Nebraska and Iowa. 

Taylor Farms of Mexico, a division of a California-based produce supplier whose greens go to national restaurants including Red Lobster and Olive Garden, shipped parasite-tainted salad mix that has sickened hundreds in Nebraska and Iowa, U.S. health officials said Friday.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/health/fda-names-taylor-farms-source-parasite-outbreak-6C10833090)
1. [Cover Image](https://media4.s-nbcnews.com/j/streams/2013/august/130802/6c8499532-6c8352781-130722-parasite-4p.nbcnews-fp-1200-800.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The United States Food and Drug Administration approves marketing of a cooling cap system to reduce hair loss in female breast cancer patients during chemotherapy. The DigniCap scalp cooling system, a product first available in Sweden in the 1990s, produces near-freezing temperatures that make it harder for cancer-fighting drugs to reach and harm hair follicles. ](/news/2015/12/8/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-approves-marketing-of-a-cooling-cap-system-to-reduce-hair-loss-in-female-breast-cancer-patien.md) _Context: Food and Drug Administration, United States_
2. [The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) lifts the 32-year-old, lifetime ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men. Men can donate if they haven't had sex with another man in the previous year. The FDA stance is in line with other countries, such as Australia, Brazil, Canada, New Zealand, and the U.K., and is consistent with rules on recent blood transfusion or accidental exposure to another individual's blood. ](/news/2015/12/21/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-fda-lifts-the-32-year-old-lifetime-ban-on-blood-donations-from-gay-and-bisexual-men-men-c.md) _Context: Food and Drug Administration, United States_
3. [The United States Food and Drug Administration approves the Merck & Co. drug, Bridion, that reverses the effects of muscle relaxants used during surgery. ](/news/2015/12/15/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-approves-the-merck-co-drug-bridion-that-reverses-the-effects-of-muscle-relaxants-used-du.md) _Context: Food and Drug Administration, United States_
4. [In the United States, the National Weather Service issues a blizzard warning for northeastern Colorado and western Kansas with an expected snowfall by midday of 12 inches in Denver, Colorado. Denver International Airport cancels 143 arriving and departing flighits. Several tornadoes occur overnight in northern Texas, western Kansas, and southern Nebraska. ](/news/2015/11/17/in-the-united-states-the-national-weather-service-issues-a-blizzard-warning-for-northeastern-colorado-and-western-kansas-with-an-expected-s.md) _Context: Nebraska, United States_
5. [The U.S. Food and Drug Administration orders R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company to stop further U.S. sale and distribution of four cigarette products because they may be more dangerous than similar older cigarettes. ](/news/2015/09/15/the-u-s-food-and-drug-administration-orders-r-j-reynolds-tobacco-company-to-stop-further-u-s-sale-and-distribution-of-four-cigarette-pro.md) _Context: Food and Drug Administration, United States_
6. [The United States Food and Drug Administration approves genetically modified potatoes and apples. ](/news/2015/03/20/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-approves-genetically-modified-potatoes-and-apples.md) _Context: Food and Drug Administration, United States_
7. [260 miles (420 km) of the Missouri River are closed to boaters as residents of the US states of Iowa, Nebraska and Missouri continue to prepare for heavy flooding, with rain in Montana making the situation worse. ](/news/2011/06/8/260-miles-420-km-of-the-missouri-river-are-closed-to-boaters-as-residents-of-the-us-states-of-iowa-nebraska-and-missouri-continue-to-prep.md) _Context: Iowa, Nebraska_
8. [The United States Food and Drug Administration approves the use of the drug Belimumab (Benlysta) to treat lupus, the first drug to be approved for this purpose in 56 years. ](/news/2011/03/9/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-approves-the-use-of-the-drug-belimumab-benlysta-to-treat-lupus-the-first-drug-to-be-approv.md) _Context: Food and Drug Administration, United States_
9. [A heavy blizzard in the midwestern US states of Minnesota, Wisconsin, Iowa, Illinois and Michigan dropping about three feet of snow results in two deaths, road closures, flight cancellations and the inflatable roof of the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome in Minneapolis, Minnesota, collapsing. ](/news/2010/12/12/a-heavy-blizzard-in-the-midwestern-us-states-of-minnesota-wisconsin-iowa-illinois-and-michigan-dropping-about-three-feet-of-snow-results.md) _Context: Iowa, United States_
10. [Surgeons at the Shepherd Center in Atlanta, Georgia inject a spinal cord injury patient with embryonic stem cells in an experiment approved by United States Food and Drug Administration. ](/news/2010/10/11/surgeons-at-the-shepherd-center-in-atlanta-georgia-inject-a-spinal-cord-injury-patient-with-embryonic-stem-cells-in-an-experiment-approved.md) _Context: Food and Drug Administration, United States_
