### [2013-08-2](/news/2013/08/2/index.md)

# The Zimbabwe Electoral Commission says that Robert Mugabe's ZANU-PF party has won 142 seats of 210 seats in the general election. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-23554443#)

### Related:

1. [Zimbabwe's Movement for Democratic Change files papers with the Constitutional Court in Harare arguing that the recent elections be annulled because of widespread allegations of illegalities and intimidation of voters by Robert Mugabe's ZANU-PF party. ](/news/2013/08/9/zimbabwe-s-movement-for-democratic-change-files-papers-with-the-constitutional-court-in-harare-arguing-that-the-recent-elections-be-annulled.md) _Context: Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe, recent elections_
2. [Zimbabwean general election, 2013:: Robert Mugabe is declared the run-away winner of Zimbabwe's controversial presidential election by a 61% majority, extending his 33-year rule. ](/news/2013/08/3/zimbabwean-general-election-2013-robert-mugabe-is-declared-the-run-away-winner-of-zimbabwe-s-controversial-presidential-election-by-a-61.md) _Context: Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe, recent elections_
3. [Zimbabwe's top court rules that the general election should be held on July 31 despite an appeal by President Robert Mugabe and his main rival Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai. ](/news/2013/07/5/zimbabwe-s-top-court-rules-that-the-general-election-should-be-held-on-july-31-despite-an-appeal-by-president-robert-mugabe-and-his-main-riv.md) _Context: Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe, recent elections_
4. [The incumbent President of Zimbabwe, Robert Mugabe, determines that elections will be scheduled for 31 July 2013, however Mugabe's leading presidential contestant and primary political rival Morgan Tsvangirai rejects this as being "a unilateral and flagrant breach of the constitution". ](/news/2013/06/13/the-incumbent-president-of-zimbabwe-robert-mugabe-determines-that-elections-will-be-scheduled-for-31-july-2013-however-mugabe-s-leading-p.md) _Context: Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe, recent elections_
5. [ Zimbabwe:: The ZANU-PF political party in Zimbabwe declares its support for making President Robert Mugabe, head of state since 1979, president-for-life. ](/news/2007/07/31/zimbabwe-the-zanu-pf-political-party-in-zimbabwe-declares-its-support-for-making-president-robert-mugabe-head-of-state-since-1979-presi.md) _Context: Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe, ruling party_
6. [ The elections in Zimbabwe have proceeded with large queues seen at many polling stations. No violence has been reported, and Incumbent president Robert Mugabe of the ZANU-PF party has declared the elections to be free and fair. Opposition leader, Morgan Tsvangirai of the party MDC, disputes this, but still believes his party will win. The election has already been branded unfair by both the U.S. and the EU and their observers have been barred from monitoring the poll. Results are expected in two days.](/news/2005/03/31/the-elections-in-zimbabwe-have-proceeded-with-large-queues-seen-at-many-polling-stations-no-violence-has-been-reported-and-incumbent-pres.md) _Context: Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe, ruling party_
7. [Politics of Zimbabwe: Zimbabwe president Robert Mugabe fires prosecutor Johannes Tomana. ](/news/2017/06/10/politics-of-zimbabwe-zimbabwe-president-robert-mugabe-fires-prosecutor-johannes-tomana.md) _Context: Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
8. [Non-aligned Movement: Around ten heads of state attend the 17th Non-aligned Movement summit in Isla Margarita, Venezuela, including Evo Morales of Bolivia, Raul Castro of Cuba, Rafael Correa of Ecuador, Hassan Rouhani of Iran, Mahmoud Abbas of the State of Palestine, Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe, and Venezuela's president Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/09/17/non-aligned-movement-around-ten-heads-of-state-attend-the-17th-non-aligned-movement-summit-in-isla-margarita-venezuela-including-evo-mora.md) _Context: Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
9. [2016 Zimbabwe protests: National "Stay Away" protests, organized over the Internet via the WhatsApp social messaging platform, take place in Zimbabwe, following fears of an economic collapse amid calls for President Robert Mugabe's resignation.](/news/2016/07/6/2016-zimbabwe-protests-national-stay-away-protests-organized-over-the-internet-via-the-whatsapp-social-messaging-platform-take-place-in.md) _Context: Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
10. [Thousands of opposition supporters rally in Harare, Zimbabwe, against President Robert Mugabe and the deteriorating economy. The rally was banned by the police, however, it went ahead after a ruling by the High Court sanctioned the protest. ](/news/2016/04/14/thousands-of-opposition-supporters-rally-in-harare-zimbabwe-against-president-robert-mugabe-and-the-deteriorating-economy-the-rally-was-b.md) _Context: Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
