### [2015-11-1](/news/2015/11/1/index.md)

# One Palestinian is killed and three Israeli soldiers injured in two attacks in the West Bank. According to the Israeli army, the  Palestinian was shot dead after attempting to stab soldiers at a military checkpoint near the Beit Einun village in Hebron. In a second incident in the same area,  a driver rammed and injured three Israeli paramilitary border policemen with his car before fleeing the scene.  None of the  three were injured seriously. 

Three Israeli border police were injured when they were hit by a car in the occupied West Bank Sunday, police said


### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo News](http://news.yahoo.com/3-israeli-police-reported-hurt-west-bank-car-180154542.html)
2. [Al Jazeera](http://america.aljazeera.com/articles/2015/10/31/israeli-forces-shoot-palestinian-who-allegedly-wielding-knife.html)
3. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/.premium-1.683193)
4. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/11/01/us-israel-palestinians-idUSKCN0SQ21H20151101)
5. [The Daily Star](http://www.dailystar.com.lb/Article.aspx?id=321129&link=News/Middle-East/2015/Nov-01/321129-3-israelis-police-hurt-in-west-bank-car-ramming-attack-police.ashx)

### Related:

1. [Following last month's manslaughter conviction, Israeli soldier Elor Azaria is sentenced to 18 months in prison by a military court for, during a violent incident, his deadly shooting of the wounded, unarmed, prone Palestinian Abdel Fattah al-Sharif, who had stabbed a soldier last March in Hebron. ](/news/2017/02/21/following-last-month-s-manslaughter-conviction-israeli-soldier-elor-azaria-is-sentenced-to-18-months-in-prison-by-a-military-court-for-dur.md) _Context: Hebron, Israel Defense Forces, Palestinians_
2. [Faulty readings from a  GPS system apparently resulted in two Israeli soldiers driving into the Qalandiya refugee camp in the occupied West Bank. Israeli forces sent in on a rescue mission, engaged armed Palestinians. One 22-year-old Palestinian man was killed with 10 others wounded, one seriously, in the ensuing gun battle.  At least 10 Israeli soldiers were wounded. ](/news/2016/03/1/faulty-readings-from-a-gps-system-apparently-resulted-in-two-israeli-soldiers-driving-into-the-qalandiya-refugee-camp-in-the-occupied-west.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Palestinians, West Bank_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015),Three Palestinians are killed by  Israeli forces, two in Hebron, one of whom reportedly tried to ram his car into soldiers and the other  during a violent demonstration in the West Bank city. A third Palestinian died in clashes with Israeli troops at the border fence between the Gaza Strip and Israel. ](/news/2015/12/11/israeliapalestinian-conflict-2015-pthree-palestinians-are-killed-by-israeli-forces-two-in-hebron-one-of-whom-reportedly-tried-to-ram.md) _Context: Hebron, Israel Defense Forces, Palestinians_
4. [Three Palestinians are shot dead after attacking Israeli soldiers with knives in the occupied West Bank.  Jerusalem's Hadassah Hospital reports that 76-year old American-Israeli Richard Lakin, who was critically injured in a bus attack on October 13, 2015, died of his injuries. ](/news/2015/10/27/three-palestinians-are-shot-dead-after-attacking-israeli-soldiers-with-knives-in-the-occupied-west-bank-jerusalem-s-hadassah-hospital-repo.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015), Palestinians, West Bank_
5. [Israeli border police shoot dead a 17-year-old girl after she approached them with a knife in the southern West Bank city of Hebron. ](/news/2015/10/25/israeli-border-police-shoot-dead-a-17-year-old-girl-after-she-approached-them-with-a-knife-in-the-southern-west-bank-city-of-hebron.md) _Context: Hebron, Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015), West Bank_
6. [Violence continues while talks persist looking for a peaceful resolution. A 16-year old Palestinian is shot dead after he tried to stab an Israeli security guard at a West Bank border crossing. A 25-year old Palestinian protester died of wounds suffered last week when he was shot by  Israeli troops during a border clash near the Gazan town of Khan Yunis. ](/news/2015/10/24/violence-continues-while-talks-persist-looking-for-a-peaceful-resolution-a-16-year-old-palestinian-is-shot-dead-after-he-tried-to-stab-an-i.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Palestinians, West Bank_
7. [Two Palestinians who attempt to rob an Israeli truck driver are shot dead in self defense near Hebron in the West Bank. ](/news/2012/06/17/two-palestinians-who-attempt-to-rob-an-israeli-truck-driver-are-shot-dead-in-self-defense-near-hebron-in-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Hebron, Palestinians, West Bank_
8. [Israeli troops and settlers open fire upon Palestinians in the West Bank while they repaired orchards previously attacked by settlers, injuring 8 Palestinians. ](/news/2011/03/8/israeli-troops-and-settlers-open-fire-upon-palestinians-in-the-west-bank-while-they-repaired-orchards-previously-attacked-by-settlers-injur.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Palestinians, West Bank_
9. [UNESCO declares the old city of Hebron and the Cave of the Patriarchs, both  in the West Bank, as world heritage sites. ](/news/2017/07/7/unesco-declares-the-old-city-of-hebron-and-the-cave-of-the-patriarchs-both-in-the-west-bank-as-world-heritage-sites.md) _Context: Hebron, West Bank_
10. [A rock throwing 19-year old Palestinian is killed by IDF troops amid clashes in the West Bank village of Beit Rima. ](/news/2016/12/18/a-rock-throwing-19-year-old-palestinian-is-killed-by-idf-troops-amid-clashes-in-the-west-bank-village-of-beit-rima.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, West Bank_
