
Formats: [HTML](/news/2015/11/1/one-palestinian-is-killed-and-three-israeli-soldiers-injured-in-two-attacks-in-the-west-bank-according-to-the-israeli-army-the-palestinian.html)  [JSON](/news/2015/11/1/one-palestinian-is-killed-and-three-israeli-soldiers-injured-in-two-attacks-in-the-west-bank-according-to-the-israeli-army-the-palestinian.json)  [XML](/news/2015/11/1/one-palestinian-is-killed-and-three-israeli-soldiers-injured-in-two-attacks-in-the-west-bank-according-to-the-israeli-army-the-palestinian.xml)  

### [2015-11-1](/news/2015/11/1/index.md)

##### Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015)
# One Palestinian is killed and three Israeli soldiers injured in two attacks in the West Bank. According to the Israeli army, the Palestinian was shot dead after attempting to stab soldiers at a military checkpoint near the Beit Einun village in Hebron. In a second incident in the same area, a driver rammed and injured three Israeli paramilitary border policemen with his car before fleeing the scene. None of the three were injured seriously. 

Three Israeli border police were injured when they were hit by a car in the occupied West Bank Sunday, police said


### Sources:

1. [AFP via Yahoo News](https://news.yahoo.com/3-israeli-police-reported-hurt-west-bank-car-180154542.html)
2. [Al Jazeera](http://america.aljazeera.com/articles/2015/10/31/israeli-forces-shoot-palestinian-who-allegedly-wielding-knife.html)
3. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/.premium-1.683193)
4. [Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/2015/11/01/us-israel-palestinians-idUSKCN0SQ21H20151101)
5. [The Daily Star](http://www.dailystar.com.lb/Article.aspx?id=321129&link=News/Middle-East/2015/Nov-01/321129-3-israelis-police-hurt-in-west-bank-car-ramming-attack-police.ashx)
5. [Cover Image](http://www.dailystar.com.lb//dailystar/Pictures/2015/11/02/466067_img650x420_img650x420_crop.jpg)

### Changes:

1. [One Palestinian is killed and three Israeli soldiers injured in two attacks in the West Bank. According to the Israeli army, the Palestinian was shot dead after attempting to stab soldiers at a military checkpoint near the Beit Einun village in Hebron. In a second incident in the same area, a driver rammed and injured three Israeli paramilitary border policemen with his car before fleeing the scene. None of the three were injured seriously. ](/news/2015/11/1/one-palestinian-is-killed-and-three-israeli-soldiers-injured-in-two-attacks-in-the-west-bank-according-to-the-israeli-army-the-palestinia.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:28 (First version)_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015): One Palestinian is killed and three Israeli soldiers injured in two attacks in the West Bank. According to the Israeli army, the Palestinian was shot dead after attempting to stab soldiers at a military checkpoint near the Beit Einun village in Hebron. In a second incident in the same area, a driver rammed and injured three Israeli paramilitary border policemen with his car before fleeing the scene. None of the three were injured seriously. ](/news/2015/11/1/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-one-palestinian-is-killed-and-three-israeli-soldiers-injured-in-two-attacks-in-the-west-bank-according.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:28 (Update)_
2. [One Palestinian is killed and three Israeli soldiers injured in two attacks in the West Bank. According to the Israeli army, the Palestinian was shot dead after attempting to stab soldiers at a military checkpoint near the Beit Einun village in Hebron. In a second incident in the same area, a driver rammed and injured three Israeli paramilitary border policemen with his car before fleeing the scene. None of the three were injured seriously. ](/news/2015/11/1/one-palestinian-is-killed-and-three-israeli-soldiers-injured-in-two-attacks-in-the-west-bank-according-to-the-israeli-army-the-palestinian.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [Palestinians and the Israeli army scuffle in Jerusalem, Bethlehem and at the Qalandia border crossing over the status of Jerusalem. Clashes are also reported in Gaza, Ramallah, Hebron and Qalqilya. In conflicts where Israeli law enforcement used live ammunition and Palestinians threw rocks, two Palestinians died in Gaza while 150 were wounded and two more were killed in the West Bank while a further 10 were wounded. ](/news/2017/12/15/palestinians-and-the-israeli-army-scuffle-in-jerusalem-bethlehem-and-at-the-qalandia-border-crossing-over-the-status-of-jerusalem-clashes.md) _Context: Hebron, Israel Defense Forces, Palestinians, West Bank_
2. [Two Palestinians are shot dead and about 60 others are wounded by Israeli troops gunfire as thousands protest along the Gaza border fence, in all seven West Bank cities and in East Jerusalem, against the U.S. declaration. ](/news/2017/12/22/two-palestinians-are-shot-dead-and-about-60-others-are-wounded-by-israeli-troops-gunfire-as-thousands-protest-along-the-gaza-border-fence-i.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Palestinians, West Bank_
3. [Following last month's manslaughter conviction, Israeli soldier Elor Azaria is sentenced to 18 months in prison by a military court for, during a violent incident, his deadly shooting of the wounded, unarmed, prone Palestinian Abdel Fattah al-Sharif, who had stabbed a soldier last March in Hebron. ](/news/2017/02/21/following-last-month-s-manslaughter-conviction-israeli-soldier-elor-azaria-is-sentenced-to-18-months-in-prison-by-a-military-court-for-dur.md) _Context: Hebron, Israel Defense Forces, Palestinians_
4. [Faulty readings from a GPS system apparently resulted in two Israeli soldiers driving into the Qalandiya refugee camp in the occupied West Bank. Israeli forces sent in on a rescue mission, engaged armed Palestinians. One 22-year-old Palestinian man was killed with 10 others wounded, one seriously, in the ensuing gun battle. At least 10 Israeli soldiers were wounded. ](/news/2016/03/1/faulty-readings-from-a-gps-system-apparently-resulted-in-two-israeli-soldiers-driving-into-the-qalandiya-refugee-camp-in-the-occupied-west-b.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Palestinians, West Bank_
5. [Three Palestinians are killed by Israeli forces, two in Hebron, one of whom reportedly tried to ram his car into soldiers and the other during a violent demonstration in the West Bank city. A third Palestinian died in clashes with Israeli troops at the border fence between the Gaza Strip and Israel. ](/news/2015/12/11/three-palestinians-are-killed-by-israeli-forces-two-in-hebron-one-of-whom-reportedly-tried-to-ram-his-car-into-soldiers-and-the-other-duri.md) _Context: Hebron, Israel Defense Forces, Palestinians_
