### [2015-11-1](/news/2015/11/1/index.md)

# "Smart Sheriff", the most widely used child surveillance mobile app in South Korea, is pulled from the market after specialists raised serious concerns about the program's safety. Security experts say its programming left the door wide open to hackers and put the personal information of some 380,000 users at risk. The country's April 2015 law requires all new smartphones sold to those 18 and under have software parents can use to monitor their kids' social media activity. 




### Source:

1. [AP via U.S. News & World Report](http://www.usnews.com/news/business/articles/2015/11/01/apnewsbreak-south-korea-pulls-plug-on-child-monitoring-app)

### Related:

1. [Apple pulls hundreds of iOS mobile applications from its App Store which, the company discovered, includes software that was secretly sending users' personal information to an advertising firm in China. ](/news/2015/10/19/apple-pulls-hundreds-of-ios-mobile-applications-from-its-app-store-which-the-company-discovered-includes-software-that-was-secretly-sendin.md) _Context: mobile app, personal information_
2. [South Korea issues a cyber alert after a hacking attack on a number of Government websites including the presidential Blue House site. ](/news/2013/06/25/south-korea-issues-a-cyber-alert-after-a-hacking-attack-on-a-number-of-government-websites-including-the-presidential-blue-house-site.md) _Context: South Korea, hackers_
3. [Amid tensions from South Korea, U.S. President Donald Trump announces that he is "allowing Japan and South Korea to buy a substantially increased amount of highly sophisticated military equipment from the United States." ](/news/2017/09/5/amid-tensions-from-south-korea-u-s-president-donald-trump-announces-that-he-is-allowing-japan-and-south-korea-to-buy-a-substantially-incr.md) _Context: South Korea_
4. [The United States Department of Homeland Security plans to collect the social media information - such as those in Facebook, Reddit, Twitter and Youtube - of all immigrants, including green card holders and naturalized citizens, beginning on October 18, 2017. ](/news/2017/09/26/the-united-states-department-of-homeland-security-plans-to-collect-the-social-media-information-a-such-as-those-in-facebook-reddit-twitt.md) _Context: social media_
5. [South Korean President Moon Jae-in and U.S. President Donald Trump agree to revise the South Korea Ballistic Missile Range Guidelines which caps South Korea's missile development. ](/news/2017/09/1/south-korean-president-moon-jae-in-and-u-s-president-donald-trump-agree-to-revise-the-south-korea-ballistic-missile-range-guidelines-which.md) _Context: South Korea_
6. [An explosion at a South Korean shipyard owned by STX Offshore & Shipbuilding kills four workers. ](/news/2017/08/20/an-explosion-at-a-south-korean-shipyard-owned-by-stx-offshore-shipbuilding-kills-four-workers.md) _Context: South Korea_
7. [Teams of United States-based researchers, composed of American, Chinese and South Korean scientists, successfully edit a piece of faulty DNA that causes a deadly form of heart disease from cells in human embryos. ](/news/2017/08/2/teams-of-united-states-based-researchers-composed-of-american-chinese-and-south-korean-scientists-successfully-edit-a-piece-of-faulty-dna.md) _Context: South Korea_
8. [South Korea's National Police raid the headquarters of Korean Air as part of an investigation into embezzlement and breach of trust related to misappropriated funds alleged to have been used to fund construction at the residence of Korean Air Chairman Cho Yang-ho (father of Heather Cho, instigator of the "Nut rage incident" in 2014). The company's shares continue to drop. ](/news/2017/07/7/south-korea-s-national-police-raid-the-headquarters-of-korean-air-as-part-of-an-investigation-into-embezzlement-and-breach-of-trust-related.md) _Context: South Korea_
9. [North Korea launches an intercontinental ballistic missile that flies 620 miles horizontally in about 45 minutes, landing in the Sea of Japan, according to Japan, South Korea and the United States. ](/news/2017/07/28/north-korea-launches-an-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-that-flies-620-miles-horizontally-in-about-45-minutes-landing-in-the-sea-of-japa.md) _Context: South Korea_
10. [North Korea test fires several missiles, believed to be anti-ship weapons. The test comes immediately after South Korea suspends further deployment of the THAAD anti-missile system. ](/news/2017/06/8/north-korea-test-fires-several-missiles-believed-to-be-anti-ship-weapons-the-test-comes-immediately-after-south-korea-suspends-further-dep.md) _Context: South Korea_
