### [2015-11-1](/news/2015/11/1/index.md)

# The United States Navy sends a remotely operated underwater craft to investigate a wreck which they believe is the remains of the El Faro which disappeared on October 1 near the Bahamas during Hurricane Joaquin with 33 people on board. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2015/10/31/us/el-faro-search/index.html)

### Related:

1. [U.S. Coast Guard searchers, looking for the 790-foot El Faro cargo ship missing since Thursday, locate multiple objects, including life jackets, life rings, containers, and an oil sheen in the waters off The Bahamas. Connection to El Faro is not immediately confirmed. ](/news/2015/10/4/u-s-coast-guard-searchers-looking-for-the-790-foot-el-faro-cargo-ship-missing-since-thursday-locate-multiple-objects-including-life-jack.md) _Context: Hurricane Joaquin, the Bahamas_
2. [The U.S. Coast Guard is searching for a 735-foot (224-meter) cargo ship named 'El Faro,' with 33 people on board, that went missing near Crooked Island in the Bahamas during Hurricane Joaquin. Five Poles and 28 Americans make up the crew. [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/northamerica/usa/11909023/Hurricane-Joaquin-cargo-ship-with-33-crew-on-board-missing-near-the-eye-of-the-storm.html (The Telegraph)] [http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/03/us-storm-joaquin-idUSKCN0RV3NW20151003 (Reuters)]Hurricane Joaquin attacked The Bahamas as a Category 4 hurricane and destroyed houses, cut communications and electric power, uprooted trees, and unleashed heavy flooding. So far, there are no reports of fatalities or injuries. The storm, which weakened to Category 3 status with 125 mph sustained winds, is expected to dump up to 25 inches (63.5 centimeters) of rain in some location before it moves away from the islands. [http://www.sacbee.com/news/nation-world/article37293927.html (AP via Sacramento Bee)] [http://news.yahoo.com/hurricane-joaquin-upgraded-category-four-us-forecasters-181105118.html (AFP via Yahoo News)]Joaquin is slowly moving on a east/northeast trek lowering the possibility of  a direct hit to the U.S. East Coast. However, unrelated storms have already drenched the eastern seaboard this week. Streets were underwater up and down the coast at this afternoon's high tide. Adding Joaquin's wind and rain could create deadly, unprecedented downpours, flooding, wind damage, and power outages. [http://www.wnd.com/2015/10/joaquin-shifting-eastward-but-stay-on-guard/ (WorldNetDaily)] [http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/03/us-storm-joaquin-idUSKCN0RV3NW20151003 (Reuters)] [http://www.pressherald.com/2015/10/02/east-coast-braces-for-more-heavy-rain-potential-for-hurricane/ (AP via Portland Press-Herald)].](/news/2015/10/2/the-u-s-coast-guard-is-searching-for-a-735-foot-224-meter-cargo-ship-named-el-faro-with-33-people-on-board-that-went-missing-near-cro.md) _Context: Hurricane Joaquin, the Bahamas_
3. [Hurricane Joaquin becomes a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph. Some additional strengthening is possible tomorrow. The storm, moving at just 6 mph, is predicted to drop 10 to 15 inches of rain in the central Bahamas with up to five inches expected for the rest of the archipelago. ](/news/2015/10/1/hurricane-joaquin-becomes-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph-some-additional-strengthening-is-possible-tomorrow.md) _Context: Hurricane Joaquin, the Bahamas_
4. [A U.S. Navy F/A-18 Hornet crashes in the Celebes Sea off the Philippines during an attempted landing on the USS ''Carl Vinson''. The pilot ejected and was recovered safely. ](/news/2017/04/21/a-u-s-navy-f-a-18-hornet-crashes-in-the-celebes-sea-off-the-philippines-during-an-attempted-landing-on-the-uss-carl-vinson-the-pilot-e.md) _Context: U.S. Navy_
5. [The United States Navy's destroyer USS ''Mason'' comes under missile attack in the Red Sea, off the coast of Yemen. The two missiles, fired from Yemeni territory controlled by Iranian-backed Houthis, impacted the water well before reaching the ship, according to Pentagon spokesman Captain Jeff Davis. ](/news/2016/10/9/the-united-states-navy-s-destroyer-uss-mason-comes-under-missile-attack-in-the-red-sea-off-the-coast-of-yemen-the-two-missiles-fired.md) _Context: U.S. Navy_
6. [Weather forecasters track Hurricane Matthew as it makes landfall in Haiti and issue hurricane warnings for Cuba and the Bahamas. ](/news/2016/10/4/weather-forecasters-track-hurricane-matthew-as-it-makes-landfall-in-haiti-and-issue-hurricane-warnings-for-cuba-and-the-bahamas.md) _Context: the Bahamas_
7. [Yemeni Crisis (2011-present)	The United States Navy's USS ''Mason'' is fired on for the third time in a week from territory controlled by Houthi forces in Yemen, while in international waters of the Red Sea. The ship deployed countermeasures and was not struck, according to U.S. officials. ](/news/2016/10/15/yemeni-crisis-2011apresent-pthe-united-states-navy-s-uss-mason-is-fired-on-for-the-third-time-in-a-week-from-territory-controlled-by.md) _Context: U.S. Navy_
8. [The U.S. military launches Tomahawk cruise missiles from the USS ''Nitze'' against Houthi-controlled radar sites in Yemen following two incidents in which, according to U.S. military, missiles were fired on United States Navy vessels in the Red Sea. ](/news/2016/10/13/the-u-s-military-launches-tomahawk-cruise-missiles-from-the-uss-nitze-against-houthi-controlled-radar-sites-in-yemen-following-two-inci.md) _Context: U.S. Navy_
9. [A Russian Sukhoi Su-27 fighter jet makes an "unsafe close-range intercept" of a United States Navy P-8A Poseidon over the Black Sea in international airspace, coming within 10 feet (3.3 m) of the U.S. aircraft. ](/news/2016/09/7/a-russian-sukhoi-su-27-fighter-jet-makes-an-unsafe-close-range-intercept-of-a-united-states-navy-p-8a-poseidon-over-the-black-sea-in-inter.md) _Context: U.S. Navy_
10. [Following the death of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile and the shooting of white police officers in Dallas, Texas, The Bahamas issues a rare travel warning for its citizens traveling to the United States. ](/news/2016/07/9/following-the-death-of-alton-sterling-and-philando-castile-and-the-shooting-of-white-police-officers-in-dallas-texas-the-bahamas-issues-a.md) _Context: the Bahamas_
