### [2014-01-8](/news/2014/01/8/index.md)

# A Canadian National Railway train from Toronto carrying crude oil and propane derails and catches fire in Plaster Rock, New Brunswick,  in the northwest part of the province, causing 45 homes to be evacuated in a rural area. No one has yet been injured, and the fire has diminished, so far without the propane exploding. 




### Source:

1. [MSN](http://news.msn.com/world/canadian-oil-train-derails-catches-fire)

### Related:

1. [ 2008 Toronto explosions: Massive explosions at a propane facility just before 4 a.m. erupt in the Toronto, Canada community of Downsview, resulting in the evacuation of thousands of people.  The explosions also caused the closure of Highway 401, Canada's busiest highway, through that area of Toronto. At least 18 people are reported injured, one missing, and one firefighter has died in connection with the incident. ](/news/2008/08/10/2008-toronto-explosions-p-massive-explosions-at-a-propane-facility-just-before-4-a-m-erupt-in-the-toronto-canada-community-of-downsview.md) _Context: Toronto, propane_
2. [As new Libyan production comes on line, the world price of crude oil falls below $55 a barrel. ](/news/2016/12/23/as-new-libyan-production-comes-on-line-the-world-price-of-crude-oil-falls-below-55-a-barrel.md) _Context: crude oil_
3. [At least seven people have been killed and 25 others are injured after an explosion caused by the derailment of a train carrying propane and butane in the Bulgarian village of Hitrino, near Shumen. ](/news/2016/12/10/at-least-seven-people-have-been-killed-and-25-others-are-injured-after-an-explosion-caused-by-the-derailment-of-a-train-carrying-propane-and.md) _Context: propane_
4. [Three people are killed and two are injured after a crossbow attack in Scarborough, Toronto. A suspicious package was also found in another linked event.](/news/2016/08/25/three-people-are-killed-and-two-are-injured-after-a-crossbow-attack-in-scarborough-toronto-a-suspicious-package-was-also-found-in-another.md) _Context: Toronto_
5. [Residents from more than 50 homes in Ripley, New York, are evacuated following the derailment of a  34-car Norfolk Southern train carrying hazardous materials in the southwestern part of the state. Ethanol leaked from the two of the 16 derailed cars. A third car carrying propane crashed but did not leak. ](/news/2016/03/1/residents-from-more-than-50-homes-in-ripley-new-york-are-evacuated-following-the-derailment-of-a-34-car-norfolk-southern-train-carrying-h.md) _Context: propane_
6. [The U.S. President Barack Obama announces a plan to tax crude oil $10 a barrel in order to fund infrastructure spending, according to a White House statement. ](/news/2016/02/4/the-u-s-president-barack-obama-announces-a-plan-to-tax-crude-oil-10-a-barrel-in-order-to-fund-infrastructure-spending-according-to-a-whit.md) _Context: crude oil_
7. [Iran says that it plans to increase its crude oil output until it achieves pre-sanction levels, although that contravenes OPEC efforts to restrain output. ](/news/2016/02/17/iran-says-that-it-plans-to-increase-its-crude-oil-output-until-it-achieves-pre-sanction-levels-although-that-contravenes-opec-efforts-to-re.md) _Context: crude oil_
8. [Air Canada Flight 88, a scheduled flight from Shanghai to Toronto, diverts to Calgary International Airport after the aircraft, a Boeing 777, encountered violent turbulence. Twenty-one passengers, including three children, were taken to hospital. ](/news/2015/12/31/air-canada-flight-88-a-scheduled-flight-from-shanghai-to-toronto-diverts-to-calgary-international-airport-after-the-aircraft-a-boeing-777.md) _Context: Toronto_
9. [The North Korean (DPRK) supreme court convicts and sentences South Korea-born Canadian pastor Hyeon Soo Lim to hard labor for life  for  trying to overthrow the  DPRK  and undermine the country's social system. Lim's relatives said he's traveled to North Korea more than 100 times since 1997, to help people, but not for any particular political purpose. Lim, from the Light Korean Presbyterian Church in Toronto, has been in custody since February. ](/news/2015/12/16/the-north-korean-dprk-supreme-court-convicts-and-sentences-south-korea-born-canadian-pastor-hyeon-soo-lim-to-hard-labor-for-life-for-try.md) _Context: Toronto_
10. [A series of explosions involving propane triggering nearby illegally stored mining detonators in the Indian town of Petlawad in the state of Madhya Pradesh kills at least 104 people with over 150 missing. ](/news/2015/09/12/a-series-of-explosions-involving-propane-triggering-nearby-illegally-stored-mining-detonators-in-the-indian-town-of-petlawad-in-the-state-of.md) _Context: propane_
