### [2016-11-25](/news/2016/11/25/index.md)

# English football sexual abuse scandal: Four police forces in England say they are actively investigating allegations of child sexual abuse in association football. Several ex-players have gone public with allegations against former Crewe Alexandra and Manchester City coach Barry Bennell. 

Four police forces say they are looking into allegations of historical child sex abuse within football.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-38107910?ocid=socialflow_twitter&ns_mchannel=social&ns_campaign=bbcnews&ns_source=twitter)

### Related:

1. [ English Premier League footballer Marlon King is convicted of sexual assault, imprisoned and sacked by his club Wigan Athletic F.C. ](/news/2009/10/29/english-premier-league-footballer-marlon-king-is-convicted-of-sexual-assault-imprisoned-and-sacked-by-his-club-wigan-athletic-f-c.md) _Context: England, association football_
2. [ English Premier League football club Chelsea F.C. are barred from purchasing players on transfer until January 2011 by FIFA for inducing Gal Kakuta to illegally break his contract with French Ligue 1 club RC Lens in 2007. ](/news/2009/09/3/english-premier-league-football-club-chelsea-f-c-are-barred-from-purchasing-players-on-transfer-until-january-2011-by-fifa-for-inducing-ga.md) _Context: England, association football_
3. [ Football: The semi-finals of Copa del Rey begin in Nou Camp. Argentinian Lionel Messi scored a spectacular goal against Getafe CF.That goal is very similar to a Diego Maradona's goal against England in Mexico World Cup 1986.Both of them passed six defenders including goalkeeper and scored.](/news/2007/04/11/football-the-semi-finals-of-copa-del-rey-begin-in-nou-camp-argentinian-lionel-messi-scored-a-spectacular-goal-against-getafe-cf-that-goal.md) _Context: England, association football_
4. [One Love Manchester: The charity concert organized by Ariana Grande in the wake of the 2017 Manchester Arena bombing is held in Manchester, England. ](/news/2017/06/4/one-love-manchester-the-charity-concert-organized-by-ariana-grande-in-the-wake-of-the-2017-manchester-arena-bombing-is-held-in-manchester.md) _Context: England_
5. [Politics of the United Kingdom: After six days of debate, the House of Commons of the United Kingdom votes to approve, with 323 votes for and 309 against, the policies set out in the Queen's Speech. In order to avoid a 'regret' amendment, Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond says that England's National Health Service is to provide free abortions to women from Northern Ireland with funds from the Government Equalities Office. ](/news/2017/06/29/politics-of-the-united-kingdom-after-six-days-of-debate-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-votes-to-approve-with-323-votes-for-an.md) _Context: England_
6. [2017 Newcastle incident: Six people are injured after a car ploughs into Eid al-Fitr worshippers in Newcastle upon Tyne, England. Police do not believe terrorism is involved. ](/news/2017/06/25/2017-newcastle-incident-six-people-are-injured-after-a-car-ploughs-into-eid-al-fitr-worshippers-in-newcastle-upon-tyne-england-police-do.md) _Context: England_
7. [WannaCry ransomware attack: A large scale international cyber-attack using the WannaCry ransomware package disrupts computer and telephone systems in thousands of cases across 99 countries. Affected organisations include: England's NHS, with doctors reporting messages demanding money; MegaFon and Sberbank in Russia; Telefonica, Iberdrola, and Gas Natural in Spain; and FedEx. ](/news/2017/05/12/wannacry-ransomware-attack-a-large-scale-international-cyber-attack-using-the-wannacry-ransomware-package-disrupts-computer-and-telephone-s.md) _Context: England_
8. [2016-17 UK and Ireland windstorm season: The Met Office issues travel warnings for parts of Wales, Scotland and England as Storm Doris, described as a -weather bomb-, brings gales, heavy rain and snow to the United Kingdom. At least one person is killed. ](/news/2017/02/23/2016-17-uk-and-ireland-windstorm-season-the-met-office-issues-travel-warnings-for-parts-of-wales-scotland-and-england-as-storm-doris-de.md) _Context: England_
9. [Alan Turing law: The United Kingdom posthumously pardons around 49,000 gay and bisexual men found guilty of decades-old sodomy laws in England and Wales. Those still living can apply for a statutory pardon. ](/news/2017/01/31/alan-turing-law-the-united-kingdom-posthumously-pardons-around-49-000-gay-and-bisexual-men-found-guilty-of-decades-old-sodomy-laws-in-engla.md) _Context: England_
10. [At least 11 people are killed and 16 others are injured after a gunman opens fire on football fans watching an English Premier League game near Juba, South Sudan. ](/news/2016/11/6/at-least-11-people-are-killed-and-16-others-are-injured-after-a-gunman-opens-fire-on-football-fans-watching-an-english-premier-league-game-n.md) _Context: association football_
