### [2017-03-4](/news/2017/03/4/index.md)

# CJTFOIR deploys U.S. forces near Manbij to "reassure Coalition" members and to "deter aggression." This comes days after the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces' Manbij Military Council agreed to hand over territory west of Manbij to the Syrian Army to create a buffer zone between the SDF and Turkish-backed rebels. 

Moments ago, several Islamist factions claimed to have shot down a MiG-21 MiG-23 fighter jet in the northern countryside of Idlib. Ahrar al-Sham said one o


### Source:

1. [Al Masdar News](https://www.almasdarnews.com/article/breaking-engine-failure-forces-syrian-pilot-crash-turkish-territory/)
2. [Daily Sabah](https://www.dailysabah.com/syrian-crisis/2017/03/04/plane-reportedly-shot-down-by-syrian-opposition-crashes-in-southeastern-turkey)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-airplane-idUSKBN16B0KB?il=0)
4. [Rudaw](http://www.rudaw.net/english/middleeast/syria/040320171)

### Related:

1. [The Syrian Government's Tiger Forces reaches the front lines with the Syrian Democratic Forces south of Manbij after capturing territory from ISIL, east of al-Bab. ](/news/2017/02/27/the-syrian-government-s-tiger-forces-reaches-the-front-lines-with-the-syrian-democratic-forces-south-of-manbij-after-capturing-territory-fro.md) _Context: Manbij, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces_
2. [U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) say they have seized full control of Manbij in Syria's northern Aleppo Governorate after ISIL militants withdrew from their last remaining strongholds in the city. ](/news/2016/08/12/u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-say-they-have-seized-full-control-of-manbij-in-syria-s-northern-aleppo-governorate-after-isil-mil.md) _Context: Manbij, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces_
3. [The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports ISIL militants have kidnapped about 900 Syrian Kurdish civilians from Aleppo over the past three weeks in retaliation for the Kurdish and US-backed Syrian Democratic Forces attack on Manbij. The captives are being forced to build fortifications for the extremists. At least 26 of those abducted reportedly have been killed for refusing to follow ISIL orders. ](/news/2016/06/24/the-britain-based-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-isil-militants-have-kidnapped-about-900-syrian-kurdish-civilians-from-aleppo-o.md) _Context: Manbij, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces_
4. [United States-backed Syrian Democratic Forces begin an offensive to regain control of the city of Manbij in the Aleppo Governorate from ISIL. ](/news/2016/06/1/united-states-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-begin-an-offensive-to-regain-control-of-the-city-of-manbij-in-the-aleppo-governorate-from-isil.md) _Context: Manbij, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces_
5. [The Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) backed by U.S.-led coalition airstrikes, seize control of the strategic Tishrin Dam on the Euphrates in eastern Aleppo from Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant forces. ](/news/2015/12/27/the-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-backed-by-u-s-led-coalition-airstrikes-seize-control-of-the-strategic-tishrin-dam-on-the-euphrates-in-e.md) _Context: CJTFOIR, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces_
6. [Violent clashes break out between the Syrian rebels and Syrian Democratic Forces on the outskirts of al-Muhsenli Village, in the northeastern countryside of Aleppo, but no casualties are reported. ](/news/2017/07/21/violent-clashes-break-out-between-the-syrian-rebels-and-syrian-democratic-forces-on-the-outskirts-of-al-muhsenli-village-in-the-northeaster.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces_
7. [The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) take control of the Baath Dam on the Euphrates, near the ISIL stronghold of Raqqa, and upon doing so, rename it "Freedom Dam".  ](/news/2017/06/4/the-u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-take-control-of-the-baath-dam-on-the-euphrates-near-the-isil-stronghold-of-raqqa-and-upon-d.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces_
8. [The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) says they will counter Iraq's mostly Iran-backed Popular Mobilization Forces (PMU) militants if the latter enters areas under SDF control, insisting that SDF will never accept the presence of Iran and SDF will never under any circumstances act as a bridge between PMU and the Syria's Assad regime. ](/news/2017/05/31/the-u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-says-they-will-counter-iraqas-mostly-iran-backed-popular-mobilization-forces-pmu-militant.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces_
9. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces_
10. [The United States Marine Corps' 11th Marine Expeditionary Unit arrives in Syria ahead of a Syrian Democratic Forces operation to take control of ISIL's de facto capital of Raqqa. ](/news/2017/03/8/the-united-states-marine-corps-11th-marine-expeditionary-unit-arrives-in-syria-ahead-of-a-syrian-democratic-forces-operation-to-take-contro.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces_
