
Formats: [HTML](/news/2017/03/4/mexico-opens-legal-aide-centers-in-its-50-u-s-consulates-to-defend-its-citizens-rights-amid-the-united-states-crackdown-on-illegal-immig.html)  [JSON](/news/2017/03/4/mexico-opens-legal-aide-centers-in-its-50-u-s-consulates-to-defend-its-citizens-rights-amid-the-united-states-crackdown-on-illegal-immig.json)  [XML](/news/2017/03/4/mexico-opens-legal-aide-centers-in-its-50-u-s-consulates-to-defend-its-citizens-rights-amid-the-united-states-crackdown-on-illegal-immig.xml)  

### [2017-03-4](/news/2017/03/4/index.md)

##### Mexico-United States relations
# Mexico opens legal aide centers in its 50 U.S. consulates to defend its citizens' rights amid the United States "crackdown" on illegal immigration. In a video, Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray Caso said Mexico supports following the law but notes that current circumstances highlight the need for immigration reform. 

MIAMI — Not only is the Mexican government not building a wall; it’s spending $50 million to beef up its legal aid to migrants who fear deportation, a response to President Donald Trump’s crackdown on illegal immigration. All 50 Mexican consulates in the U.S. on launched legal assistance centers to form partnerships with nonprofit groups and tap lawyers to help those fearing Trump’s policies. The diplomatic effort comes as the two countries are in a rift over Trump’s plans for a border wall. While Trump says Mexico will pay for it one way or another, Mexico says it won’t. It was also unveiled less than two weeks after new guidelines came out aimed at aggressively detaining and deporting immigrants by increasing the number of federal agents and strengthening cooperation with local law


### Sources:

1. [AP via ''The Toledo Blade](http://www.toledoblade.com/Nation/2017/03/03/Mexico-consulates-launch-effort-to-help-migrants.html)
1. [Cover Image](/image/2017/03/03/Mexican-Immigrant-Centers.jpg)

### Changes:

1. [Mexico-United States relations: Mexico opens legal aide centers in its 50 U.S. consulates to defend its citizens' rights amid the United States "crackdown" on illegal immigration. In a video, Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray Caso said Mexico supports following the law but notes that current circumstances highlight the need for immigration reform. ](/news/2017/03/4/mexico-united-states-relations-mexico-opens-legal-aide-centers-in-its-50-u-s-consulates-to-defend-its-citizens-rights-amid-the-united-s.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:30 (First version)_
2. [Mexico opens legal aide centers in its 50 U.S. consulates to defend its citizens' rights amid the United States "crackdown" on illegal immigration. In a video, Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray Caso said Mexico supports following the law but notes that current circumstances highlight the need for immigration reform. ](/news/2017/03/4/mexico-opens-legal-aide-centers-in-its-50-u-s-consulates-to-defend-its-citizens-rights-amid-the-united-states-crackdown-on-illegal-immi.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:30 (Update)_
2. [Mexico opens legal aide centers in its 50 U.S. consulates to defend its citizens' rights amid the United States "crackdown" on illegal immigration. In a video, Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray Caso said Mexico supports following the law but notes that current circumstances highlight the need for immigration reform. ](/news/2017/03/4/mexico-opens-legal-aide-centers-in-its-50-u-s-consulates-to-defend-its-citizens-rights-amid-the-united-states-crackdown-on-illegal-immig.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [Mexico's Secretary of Foreign Affairs Luis Videgaray Caso, flanked by visiting United States Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Canadian counterpart Chrystia Freeland, rejects "any option that would imply the use of violence" on the subject of Venezuela. On the eve of his visit, Tillerson had defended the 19th-century United States policy in Latin America and suggested that the Venezuelan Army could manage a "peaceful transition" from President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2018/02/2/mexico-s-secretary-of-foreign-affairs-luis-videgaray-caso-flanked-by-visiting-united-states-secretary-of-state-rex-tillerson-and-canadian-c.md) _Context: Luis Videgaray Caso, Mexico-United States relations_
2. [Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray Caso rejects and condemns the United States's new plan on deporting undocumented immigrants, stating that Mexico cannot "accept unilateral decisions imposed by one government on another." ](/news/2017/02/22/mexican-foreign-minister-luis-videgaray-caso-rejects-and-condemns-the-united-states-s-new-plan-on-deporting-undocumented-immigrants-stating.md) _Context: Foreign Minister, Luis Videgaray Caso_
3. [Due to concerns about an increasingly anti-Mexican climate across the border, Mexico unexpectedly changes two of its top officials responsible for U.S. relations. Foreign Minister Claudia Ruiz Massieu told local media, "We have been warning that our citizens have begun to feel a more hostile climate. This (anti-Mexican) rhetoric has made it clear that we have to act in a different way so that this tendency being generated doesn't damage the bilateral relationship." ](/news/2016/04/5/due-to-concerns-about-an-increasingly-anti-mexican-climate-across-the-border-mexico-unexpectedly-changes-two-of-its-top-officials-responsib.md) _Context: Foreign Minister, Mexico-United States relations_
4. [Luis Videgaray Caso resigns as Mexico's finance minister amid fallout over President Enrique Pena Nieto's controversial meeting with U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump in Mexico City. Videgaray is revealed to have been the main advocate of arranging the meeting. ](/news/2016/09/7/luis-videgaray-caso-resigns-as-mexico-s-finance-minister-amid-fallout-over-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-s-controversial-meeting-with-u-s-p.md) _Context: Luis Videgaray Caso_
5. [U.S. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump meets with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto in Mexico City after accepting an invitation from him. ](/news/2016/08/31/u-s-republican-presidential-nominee-donald-trump-meets-with-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-in-mexico-city-after-accepting-an-invitat.md) _Context: Mexico-United States relations_
