### [2017-03-4](/news/2017/03/4/index.md)

# U.S. President Donald Trump accuses former President Barack Obama of wiretapping Trump Tower the month before the 2016 presidential election but offers no evidence to support his claim. A spokesman for President Obama rejects these claims. 

Barack Obama has rejected claims by Donald Trump that he wiretapped him during the late stages of the US presidential election campaign.


### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/trump-accuses-obama-of-nixonwatergate-wiretap--but-offers-no-evidence/2017/03/04/1ddc35e6-0114-11e7-8ebe-6e0dbe4f2bca_story.html?utm_term=.5f60f2f79b8c)
2. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/03/04/us/politics/trump-obama-tap-phones.html?_r=0)
3. [AAP via SBS](http://www.sbs.com.au/news/article/2017/03/05/obama-denies-trumps-claim-he-wiretapped-him)

### Related:

1. [The Hofstra Arena in Hempstead, New York opens. The arena hosted the final Presidential Debate of the 2008 United States presidential election between John McCain and Barack Obama, as well as, the second debate of the 2012 presidential election between Mitt Romney and Barack Obama, and the first debate of Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump of the 2016 election.](/news/2000/01/2/the-hofstra-arena-in-hempstead-new-york-opens-the-arena-hosted-the-final-presidential-debate-of-the-2008-united-states-presidential-electi.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Barack Obama, Donald Trump_
2. [U.S. President Trump signs an executive order undoing former President Obama's climate change policies. ](/news/2017/03/28/u-s-president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-undoing-former-president-obama-s-climate-change-policies.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Donald Trump_
3. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Donald Trump_
4. [United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions requests the resignations of 46 Barack Obama-era chief federal prosecutors, including United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York Preet Bharara, who was previously told to stay on by then President-elect Donald Trump in November. ](/news/2017/03/10/united-states-attorney-general-jeff-sessions-requests-the-resignations-of-46-barack-obama-era-chief-federal-prosecutors-including-united-st.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Donald Trump_
5. [United States President Donald Trump announces that he intends to seek an investigation into possible voter fraud from last year's election. ](/news/2017/01/25/united-states-president-donald-trump-announces-that-he-intends-to-seek-an-investigation-into-possible-voter-fraud-from-last-year-s-election.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Donald Trump_
6. [U.S. President Donald Trump issues executive orders to withdraw the United States from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, and reinstates the Mexico City Policy, a policy banning  U.S. aid to foreign organizations that use funds from other sources to perform or discuss abortions, which Barack Obama scrapped in 2009. ](/news/2017/01/23/u-s-president-donald-trump-issues-executive-orders-to-withdraw-the-united-states-from-the-trans-pacific-partnership-and-reinstates-the-mex.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Donald Trump_
7. [The CIA has concluded that Russia actively tried to help Donald Trump win the 2016 U.S. presidential election. ](/news/2016/12/9/the-cia-has-concluded-that-russia-actively-tried-to-help-donald-trump-win-the-2016-u-s-presidential-election.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Donald Trump_
8. [Amidst a concerted effort to persuade electors to choose another candidate, Donald Trump earns the required Electoral College votes to be selected as the next President of the United States. ](/news/2016/12/19/amidst-a-concerted-effort-to-persuade-electors-to-choose-another-candidate-donald-trump-earns-the-required-electoral-college-votes-to-be-se.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Donald Trump_
9. [United States presidential election and general elections, 2016Although he narrowly lost the popular vote, Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for the 2016 presidential election, becomes the president-elect of the United States after defeating Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee in the electoral college. It is the fifth time in United States history where the winning candidate lost the popular vote, the last such defeat occurring in 2000.The Republican Party retains control of the House and Senate. ](/news/2016/11/9/united-states-presidential-election-and-general-elections-2016palthough-he-narrowly-lost-the-popular-vote-donald-trump-the-republican-nom.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Donald Trump_
10. [United States elections, 2016 Voters in the United States go to the polls for a range of federal, state and local elections, including the highly publicized presidential election between major party nominees Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/11/8/united-states-elections-2016-pvoters-in-the-united-states-go-to-the-polls-for-a-range-of-federal-state-and-local-elections-including-the.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Donald Trump_
