### [2004-06-17](/news/2004/06/17/index.md)

#  The Pentagon confirms a report in "The New York Times" that CIA chief George Tenet&nbsp;- who steps down from the post next month&nbsp;- was allowed by U.S. Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld to have an Iraqi prisoner secretly detained in alleged violation of the Geneva Convention. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/3815311.stm)
2. [NYT](http://www.nytimes.com/2004/06/17/politics/17abuse.html)

### Related:

1. [ United States District Court Judge Thomas Hogan dismisses a case of alleged torture against former United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld brought by nine former prisoners in Iraq and Afghanistan. ](/news/2007/03/27/united-states-district-court-judge-thomas-hogan-dismisses-a-case-of-alleged-torture-against-former-united-states-secretary-of-defense-donal.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld, Iraq_
2. [ United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld and Secretary of State Colin Powell defend their pre-September 11 actions, saying that even if Osama bin Laden had been killed, the attacks on the World Trade Center and The Pentagon would have still occurred. Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright and former Secretary of Defense William Cohen also testify before the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States. ](/news/2004/03/23/united-states-secretary-of-defense-donald-rumsfeld-and-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-defend-their-pre-september-11-actions-saying-that-e.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld, United States military_
3. [ The intelligence service of the United States says that the CIA's head, George Tenet, accepted President George W. Bush's speech in January, which included wrong information of Iraq's plans to buy uranium from Africa. The office of Prime Minister Tony Blair responded that it stands by its belief that Saddam Hussein attempted to buy African uranium, claiming that it cannot share its information with the United States because it comes from "foreign intelligence sources."](/news/2003/07/12/the-intelligence-service-of-the-united-states-says-that-the-cia-s-head-george-tenet-accepted-president-george-w-bush-s-speech-in-january.md) _Context: CIA, George Tenet, Iraq_
4. [ United States Army secretary Thomas E. White resigns amidst tensions with Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld over the direction future Army weapons development programs should take, and controversy surrounding White's previous employer, Enron. The Pentagon declines to provide specifics on the circumstances of his resignation.](/news/2003/04/25/united-states-army-secretary-thomas-e-white-resigns-amidst-tensions-with-secretary-of-defense-donald-rumsfeld-over-the-direction-future-ar.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld, United States military_
5. [ Spanish Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar personally asks United States President George W. Bush to silence Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld, indicating that Rumsfeld's numerous public remarks on European countries' Iraq policies are generally viewed as inflammatory and overwhelmingly counterproductive within the European diplomatic community. Aznar indicated a preference for Secretary of State Colin Powell.](/news/2003/02/27/spanish-prime-minister-josa-c-maraa-aznar-personally-asks-united-states-president-george-w-bush-to-silence-secretary-of-defense-donald-rum.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld, Iraq_
6. [United States Defense Secretary Ashton Carter says the U.S. will begin "direct action on the ground" against the ISIL forces in Iraq and Syria, aiming to intensify pressure on the militants as progress against the militants remains elusive. The U.S. has done some special operations raids in Syria, e.g., last week's rescue operation with Kurdish forces in northern Iraq to free hostages held by ISIL. Carter also said the U.S. would intensify the air campaign against ISIL with heavier airstrikes and will focus on Raqqa, the group's declared capital in Syria. ](/news/2015/10/27/united-states-defense-secretary-ashton-carter-says-the-u-s-will-begin-direct-action-on-the-ground-against-the-isil-forces-in-iraq-and-syr.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Iraq_
7. [Newly declassified CIA documents show that top officials in the Reagan administration agreed to give Iraq information on the location of Iranian troops during the Iran-Iraq War despite awareness of Saddam Hussein's intention to use chemical weapons. ](/news/2013/08/26/newly-declassified-cia-documents-show-that-top-officials-in-the-reagan-administration-agreed-to-give-iraq-information-on-the-location-of-ira.md) _Context: CIA, Iraq_
8. [ Former United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld is accused of quoting the Bible while briefing then-President George W. Bush. ](/news/2009/05/18/former-united-states-secretary-of-defense-donald-rumsfeld-is-accused-of-quoting-the-bible-while-briefing-then-president-george-w-bush.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld_
9. [ The United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and the United States Secretary of Defense Robert Gates travel to the Middle East to offer increased aid to allies of the United States and to seek advice on Iraq. ](/news/2007/07/30/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-and-the-united-states-secretary-of-defense-robert-gates-travel-to-the-middle-east-to.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Iraq_
10. [ United States Secretary of Defense Robert Gates meets with Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri Kamal Al-Maliki and U.S. military leaders in Iraq to discuss the effectiveness of the current military campaign. ](/news/2007/06/15/united-states-secretary-of-defense-robert-gates-meets-with-iraqi-prime-minister-nuri-kamal-al-maliki-and-u-s-military-leaders-in-iraq-to-d.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Iraq_
