### [2007-03-1](/news/2007/03/1/index.md)

#  India requests the extradition of Italian businessman Ottavio Quattrocchi from Argentina in relation to the Bofors scandal. 

NDTV.com: India, Business, Bollywood, Cricket, Video and Breaking News


### Source:

1. [NDTV](http://www.ndtv.com/template/template.asp?category=National&template=Bofors&id=101580&callid=1)

### Related:

1. [Eritrean Mered Medhanie, aka ''The General'', leader of  one of the largest criminal operations unsafely smuggling migrants from Africa to Europe for up to EUR5,000 (PS3,900; $5,680), is extradited to Italy. Police say in one attempt at least 359 migrants died when their boat sank near the Italian island of Lampedusa in October 2013. ](/news/2016/06/8/eritrean-mered-medhanie-aka-the-general-leader-of-one-of-the-largest-criminal-operations-unsafely-smuggling-migrants-from-africa-to-e.md) _Context: Italy, extradited_
2. [Two Italian marines accused of murdering Indian fishermen in international waters return to India to face legal charges, defusing a standoff between the two countries. ](/news/2013/03/22/two-italian-marines-accused-of-murdering-indian-fishermen-in-international-waters-return-to-india-to-face-legal-charges-defusing-a-standoff.md) _Context: India, Italy_
3. [Extradition of Cesare Battisti:Italian communist militant Cesare Battisti is freed from jail in Brazil after the Brazilian Constitutional Court rules against extraditing him to face charges in Italy. ](/news/2011/06/9/extradition-of-cesare-battisti-pitalian-communist-militant-cesare-battisti-is-freed-from-jail-in-brazil-after-the-brazilian-constitutional-c.md) _Context: Italy, extradited_
4. [Egyptian prosecutors begin investigating yesterday's incident where an Italian cruise liner smashed into a dock at Sharm el-Sheikh during severe weather conditions, killing sailors from Brazil, Honduras and India and injuring several passengers. ](/news/2010/02/27/egyptian-prosecutors-begin-investigating-yesterday-s-incident-where-an-italian-cruise-liner-smashed-into-a-dock-at-sharm-el-sheikh-during-se.md) _Context: India, Italy_
5. [ The Serbian special war crimes tribunal asks the government to ask Argentina for extradition of Nebojsa Minic, suspected of crimes against humanity in Kosovo in 1999 ](/news/2005/06/15/the-serbian-special-war-crimes-tribunal-asks-the-government-to-ask-argentina-for-extradition-of-neboja-a-minia-suspected-of-crimes-agains.md) _Context: Argentina, extradited_
6. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
7. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
8. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: India_
9. [Italian rock singer Vasco Rossi broke the world record of biggest ticketed concert with 220,000 paying guests hosted at Enzo Ferrari Park in Modena, Italy. (Previous record belonged to a-Ha with 198,000 paying guests, set in 1991 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) ](/news/2017/07/1/italian-rock-singer-vasco-rossi-broke-the-world-record-of-biggest-ticketed-concert-with-220-000-paying-guests-hosted-at-enzo-ferrari-park-in.md) _Context: Italy_
10. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan, China releases a map detailing pieces of land claimed by Bhutan and India as belonging to China. China claims, via the map, that territory up until Gipmochi belongs to China and claims it's supported by the 1890 Convention of Calcutta. ](/news/2017/07/1/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-china-releases-a-map-detailing-pieces-of-land-claimed-by-bhutan-and-india-as-belon.md) _Context: India_
