### [2014-06-7](/news/2014/06/7/index.md)

# UK Education Secretary Michael Gove apologises to Prime Minister David Cameron over a row with Home Secretary Theresa May about how to tackle Islamic extremism following recent revelations about a Muslim plot to take over schools in Birmingham. 

Education Secretary Michael Gove apologises after his row with the home secretary over claims of a hardline Muslim plot in some Birmingham schools.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-27750921)

### Related:

1. [Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 2016: Conservative Party members of parliament vote in a second ballot to choose the next leader of the party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron. The Home Secretary Theresa May secured the highest number votes with 199, while Department of Energy and Climate Change minister Andrea Leadsom received the second highest amount, with 84. The Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove received just 46 votes and is eliminated from the race, meaning a run-off contest will now take place between May and Leadsom, with the result to be announced on September 9. ](/news/2016/07/7/conservative-party-uk-leadership-election-2016-conservative-party-members-of-parliament-vote-in-a-second-ballot-to-choose-the-next-leade.md) _Context: David Cameron, Michael Gove, Theresa May_
2. [Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 2016: Home Secretary Theresa May gets 165 votes after the first ballot of Conservative members of parliament to select a new Leader and the next Prime Minister. Her nearest rival, Minister of State for Energy Andrea Leadsom, picked up 66 votes. Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove won 48 votes, and Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Stephen Crabb got 34 votes. Former Secretary of State for Defence Liam Fox is eliminated from consideration as he received just 16. Later, Crabb pulled out of the race and endorsed front-runner Theresa May. Fox also endorsed May. ](/news/2016/07/5/conservative-party-uk-leadership-election-2016-home-secretary-theresa-may-gets-165-votes-after-the-first-ballot-of-conservative-members.md) _Context: Michael Gove, Theresa May_
3. [British Prime Minister David Cameron announces that two engineers - Briton Chris McManus and Italian Franco Lamolinara - who were abducted by Islamic extremists in Nigeria in May 2011 were killed during a rescue attempt by British and Nigerian forces. ](/news/2012/03/8/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-announces-that-two-engineers-briton-chris-mcmanus-and-italian-franco-lamolinara-who-were-abduct.md) _Context: David Cameron, Islamic extremist group_
4. [Death and funeral of Helmut Kohl: World leaders such as Bill Clinton, Emmanuel Macron, Theresa May, Dmitry Medvedev and Angela Merkel attend the memorial service for the former West German leader Helmut Kohl. ](/news/2017/07/1/death-and-funeral-of-helmut-kohl-world-leaders-such-as-bill-clinton-emmanuel-macron-theresa-may-dmitry-medvedev-and-angela-merkel-attend.md) _Context: Theresa May_
5. [United Kingdom general election, 2017: Results of yesterday's snap election are counted, revealing a hung parliament as the Conservative Party fails to retain its parliamentary majority, despite remaining the party with the most seats. Prime Minister Theresa May announced that she will form a minority government with the support of the Northern Irish Democratic Unionist Party. ](/news/2017/06/9/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-results-of-yesterday-s-snap-election-are-counted-revealing-a-hung-parliament-as-the-conservative-par.md) _Context: Theresa May_
6. [United Kingdom general election, 2017: Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-c.md) _Context: Theresa May_
7. [Brexit negotiations: UK Prime Minister Theresa May announces that citizens of the European Union living in the United Kingdom will be able to acquire a "UK settled status" after the UK leaves the EU. ](/news/2017/06/22/brexit-negotiations-uk-prime-minister-theresa-may-announces-that-citizens-of-the-european-union-living-in-the-united-kingdom-will-be-able-t.md) _Context: Theresa May_
8. [United Kingdom-United States relations: "The Guardian" reports that U.S. President Donald Trump has postponed his visit to the United Kingdom, according to a U.K. adviser who said Mr. Trump recently telephoned 10 Downing Street with this information. Both Prime Minister Theresa May's office and the White House deny this report. ](/news/2017/06/11/united-kingdom-united-states-relations-the-guardian-reports-that-u-s-president-donald-trump-has-postponed-his-visit-to-the-united-king.md) _Context: Theresa May_
9. [Aftermath of the United Kingdom general election, 2017: Prime Minister Theresa May's closest advisers, Fiona Hill and Nick Timothy, resign as her Chiefs of Staff amid criticism over their role in the Conservative Party's election campaign. ](/news/2017/06/10/aftermath-of-the-united-kingdom-general-election-2017-prime-minister-theresa-may-s-closest-advisers-fiona-hill-and-nick-timothy-resign-a.md) _Context: Theresa May_
10. [United Kingdom general election, 2017: Conservative politician Theresa May accuses European Union officials of trying to influence the upcoming elections. ](/news/2017/05/3/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-conservative-politician-theresa-may-accuses-european-union-officials-of-trying-to-influence-the-upcom.md) _Context: Theresa May_
