### [2013-05-10](/news/2013/05/10/index.md)

# A paramedic in West, Texas, United States is arrested for possession of an explosive device, but authorities do not elaborate as to whether there is a connection to the deadly explosion last month at the town's fertilizer plant. 

A paramedic in West, Texas, has been arrested for possession of an explosive device, but it was not immediately clear whether it was linked to the explosion at a fertiliser plant in the town.


### Source:

1. [Reuters via News24](http://www.news24.com/news24/World/News/Texas-man-found-with-explosive-device-20130510)

### Related:

1. [West Fertilizer Company explosion:15 people are confirmed dead after the Texas fertilizer plant explosion in West, Texas, United States. ](/news/2013/04/18/west-fertilizer-company-explosion-p15-people-are-confirmed-dead-after-the-texas-fertilizer-plant-explosion-in-west-texas-united-states.md) _Context: United States, West Fertilizer Company explosion, West, Texas_
2. [West Fertilizer Company explosion:An explosion at a fertilizer plant in the city of West, Texas, United States, kills 15 and injures more than 100 people and damages many nearby buildings, including residences, a nursing home, and a middle school. ](/news/2013/04/17/west-fertilizer-company-explosion-pan-explosion-at-a-fertilizer-plant-in-the-city-of-west-texas-united-states-kills-15-and-injures-more-t.md) _Context: United States, West Fertilizer Company explosion, West, Texas_
3. [The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives  finds that a 2013 fire at a fertilizer plant in the American town of West, Texas, that killed 15 people was arson and begins the search for suspects. ](/news/2016/05/11/the-bureau-of-alcohol-tobacco-firearms-and-explosives-finds-that-a-2013-fire-at-a-fertilizer-plant-in-the-american-town-of-west-texas-t.md) _Context: West Fertilizer Company explosion, West, Texas_
4. [According to the U.S. ATF, no evidence has yet been found that a bomb blast was responsible for the April West Fertilizer Company explosion that killed fifteen people in West, Texas. ](/news/2013/05/15/according-to-the-u-s-atf-no-evidence-has-yet-been-found-that-a-bomb-blast-was-responsible-for-the-april-west-fertilizer-company-explosion.md) _Context: West Fertilizer Company explosion, West, Texas_
5. [The United States shoots down a pro-Syrian government drone that was flying toward U.S.-led coalition forces in southern Syria. There were no injuries or damage. An American official said this was first time forces supporting Damascus had attacked coalition troops, and that it came shortly after the U.S. bombed Syrian government and allied troops near the  town of Al-Tanf. ](/news/2017/06/8/the-united-states-shoots-down-a-pro-syrian-government-drone-that-was-flying-toward-u-s-led-coalition-forces-in-southern-syria-there-were-n.md) _Context: United States_
6. [An explosive device is hurled at the United States embassy in Kiev. ](/news/2017/06/8/an-explosive-device-is-hurled-at-the-united-states-embassy-in-kiev.md) _Context: United States_
7. [A discharged 45-year-old former employee shoots and kills five people at a manufacturing business in Orlando, Florida, United States. The shooter took his own life afterwards. Eight others inside the workplace survived. ](/news/2017/06/5/a-discharged-45-year-old-former-employee-shoots-and-kills-five-people-at-a-manufacturing-business-in-orlando-florida-united-states-the-sh.md) _Context: United States_
8. [The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) take control of the Baath Dam on the Euphrates, near the ISIL stronghold of Raqqa, and upon doing so, rename it "Freedom Dam".  ](/news/2017/06/4/the-u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-take-control-of-the-baath-dam-on-the-euphrates-near-the-isil-stronghold-of-raqqa-and-upon-d.md) _Context: United States_
9. [The election between Democrat Jon Ossoff and Republican Karen Handel to replace the seat vacated by Tom Price becomes the most expensive congressional race in United States history. ](/news/2017/05/9/the-election-between-democrat-jon-ossoff-and-republican-karen-handel-to-replace-the-seat-vacated-by-tom-price-becomes-the-most-expensive-con.md) _Context: United States_
10. [The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) says they will counter Iraq's mostly Iran-backed Popular Mobilization Forces (PMU) militants if the latter enters areas under SDF control, insisting that SDF will never accept the presence of Iran and SDF will never under any circumstances act as a bridge between PMU and the Syria's Assad regime. ](/news/2017/05/31/the-u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-says-they-will-counter-iraqas-mostly-iran-backed-popular-mobilization-forces-pmu-militant.md) _Context: United States_
