### [2013-05-10](/news/2013/05/10/index.md)

# Albert del Rosario, the Philippines Secretary of Foreign Affairs, wants to withdraw Filipino peacekeepers from the Golan Heights subsequent to Syrian rebels kidnapping four troops. 




### Source:

1. [Straits Times](http://www.straitstimes.com/breaking-news/se-asia/story/philippines-may-pull-peacekeepers-golan-foreign-minister-20130510)

### Related:

1. [Philippines senator Leila de Lima requests the foreign affairs department to invite the United Nations for an investigation on alleged human rights violations in Marawi. ](/news/2017/08/6/philippines-senator-leila-de-lima-requests-the-foreign-affairs-department-to-invite-the-united-nations-for-an-investigation-on-alleged-human.md) _Context: Philippines, foreign affairs department_
2. [Israel strikes two Syrian Army artillery positions and an ammunition truck in Quneitra Governorate, after stray shells from Syria land in the northern Golan Heights for a second day in a row. ](/news/2017/06/25/israel-strikes-two-syrian-army-artillery-positions-and-an-ammunition-truck-in-quneitra-governorate-after-stray-shells-from-syria-land-in-th.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Syria_
3. [Israel and Syria exchange weapons fire in the disputed Golan Heights, with Israel destroying several targets, including two Syrian tanks. Although there were deaths on the ground in Syria, the number of casualties among Syrian forces is unknown. No Israeli troops were injured. ](/news/2017/06/24/israel-and-syria-exchange-weapons-fire-in-the-disputed-golan-heights-with-israel-destroying-several-targets-including-two-syrian-tanks-al.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Syria_
4. [An Israeli Army patrol kills four ISIL-affiliated militants after they open fire from positions in Syria near the Golan Heights. ](/news/2016/11/27/an-israeli-army-patrol-kills-four-isil-affiliated-militants-after-they-open-fire-from-positions-in-syria-near-the-golan-heights.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Syria_
5. [Syria reports its air defense shot down an Israeli warplane that attacked a Syrian army position in  al-Quneitra, near the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights. The Israel Defense Forces say that missiles were fired at their aircraft but none hit. ](/news/2016/09/13/syria-reports-its-air-defense-shot-down-an-israeli-warplane-that-attacked-a-syrian-army-position-in-al-quneitra-near-the-israeli-occupied.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Syria_
6. [The Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu vows that the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights, recognized as part of Syria, will forever stay in the country's hands and called on the international community to recognize Israeli sovereignty over the area. ](/news/2016/04/17/the-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-vows-that-the-israeli-occupied-golan-heights-recognized-as-part-of-syria-will-forever-stay.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Syria_
7. [Philippines Foreign Secretary Albert del Rosario says Chinese coast guard ships that were sighted two weeks ago near the disputed Jackson Atoll in the northeast Dangerous Ground are no longer there today.  Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hong Lei said ships were dispatched to the area in late 2015 to salvage a fishing vessel that posed a risk to navigation. Chinese ships, "... persuaded fishing boats to leave the waters in an effort to ensure safety conditions for normal navigation," Hong said.  In addition to  China and the Philippines, Vietnam, Malaysia, Taiwan, and Brunei also lay claim to the Spratly Islands waters. ](/news/2016/03/2/philippines-foreign-secretary-albert-del-rosario-says-chinese-coast-guard-ships-that-were-sighted-two-weeks-ago-near-the-disputed-jackson-at.md) _Context: Albert del Rosario, foreign affairs department_
8. [Indonesia and the Philippines discuss their borders after the Indonesian Navy sinks four Filipino fishing vessels off the coast of the Philippines triggering a diplomatic dispute. ](/news/2015/11/6/indonesia-and-the-philippines-discuss-their-borders-after-the-indonesian-navy-sinks-four-filipino-fishing-vessels-off-the-coast-of-the-phili.md) _Context: Filipino, Philippines_
9. [Gunmen abduct a Norwegian resort manager, two Canadians, and a Filipino from a resort in the southern Philippines. ](/news/2015/09/21/gunmen-abduct-a-norwegian-resort-manager-two-canadians-and-a-filipino-from-a-resort-in-the-southern-philippines.md) _Context: Filipino, Philippines_
10. [Israeli security forces claim that Hezbollah and forces loyal to the President of Syria Bashar al-Assad are responsible for firing rockets from Syrian territory onto the Golan Heights into the mount Hermon sky resort. ](/news/2015/01/27/israeli-security-forces-claim-that-hezbollah-and-forces-loyal-to-the-president-of-syria-bashar-al-assad-are-responsible-for-firing-rockets-f.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Syria_
