### [2010-05-1](/news/2010/05/1/index.md)

# Two retired generals tell ''The Washington Post'' that, with more than 25 per cent of young Americans being "too fat to fight", obesity is threatening the future of the United States military. 

Rising rates of obesity among young Americans could pose a risk to the future of the military, two retired generals are warning. - New Zealand Herald


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/8655651.stm)
2. [Radio New Zealand](http://www.radionz.co.nz/news/stories/2010/05/01/1248033b7e2b)
3. [The New Zealand Herald](http://www.nzherald.co.nz/world/news/article.cfm?c_id=2&objectid=10642108)

### Related:

1. [A two-year "Top Secret America" investigation by ''The Washington Post'' concludes that United States intelligence gathering has grown so much since the September 11 attacks that neither its true cost, size nor effectiveness in keeping the country safe is actually known. ](/news/2010/07/19/a-two-year-top-secret-america-investigation-by-the-washington-post-concludes-that-united-states-intelligence-gathering-has-grown-so-mu.md) _Context: United States, Washington Post_
2. [''The Washington Post'' reports that Gizab villagers in Afghanistan overturned their local Taliban movement during April, with some members putting down their weapons and being welcomed back into their local community. The United States did not hear of this before now as it happened in a remote part of the country ignored by the military. ](/news/2010/06/21/the-washington-post-reports-that-gizab-villagers-in-afghanistan-overturned-their-local-taliban-movement-during-april-with-some-members.md) _Context: United States, Washington Post_
3. [ ''The Washington Post'' newspaper in the United States reports that officials are considering a plan to move Guantnamo Bay detainees to a prison camp. ](/news/2009/08/3/the-washington-post-newspaper-in-the-united-states-reports-that-officials-are-considering-a-plan-to-move-guantanamo-bay-detainees-to-a.md) _Context: United States, Washington Post_
4. [The summit announces it is unable to gain agreement on climate change between the United States and the other 19 members of this international forum. ](/news/2017/07/8/the-summit-announces-it-is-unable-to-gain-agreement-on-climate-change-between-the-united-states-and-the-other-19-members-of-this-internation.md) _Context: United States_
5. [The United States extends the restrictions deadline for refugees. ](/news/2017/07/5/the-united-states-extends-the-restrictions-deadline-for-refugees.md) _Context: United States_
6. [History of the Philippines (1898-1946), During the annual State of the Nation Address through the Congress of the Philippines, President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte has outright demanded that the United States return the controversial Balangiga bells, taken during one of the campaigns of the Philippine-American War as spoils of war. Previous attempts to recover the bells have all failed so far. ](/news/2017/07/24/history-of-the-philippines-1898a1946-during-the-annual-state-of-the-nation-address-through-the-congress-of-the-philippines-president-o.md) _Context: United States_
7. [Nine men are found dead inside a tractor-trailer parked outside a Walmart store in the American city of San Antonio, Texas, in what authorities call a case of "ruthless" human trafficking. Thirty people,  many in critical condition and suffering from heat stroke and exhaustion, were removed from the non-air conditioned trailer which also lacked a water supply. ](/news/2017/07/23/nine-men-are-found-dead-inside-a-tractor-trailer-parked-outside-a-walmart-store-in-the-american-city-of-san-antonio-texas-in-what-authorit.md) _Context: United States_
8. [Russian Ambassador to the United States Sergey Kislyak, who was cited in ''Washington Post'' reports yesterday that American intelligence overheard him telling Moscow about his election-related discussions with a Trump campaign official, ends his nine-year assignment and leaves the United States. In May 2017, Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Anatoly Antonov was approved as the next ambassador. ](/news/2017/07/22/russian-ambassador-to-the-united-states-sergey-kislyak-who-was-cited-in-washington-post-reports-yesterday-that-american-intelligence-ov.md) _Context: Washington Post_
9. [Six teenagers, four males and two females, from a Burundi robotics team are reported missing after competing in the FIRST Global Robotics Competition in Washington, D.C.  A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year old girl reportedly crossed the United States border into Canada. There is no indication of foul play. ](/news/2017/07/20/six-teenagers-four-males-and-two-females-from-a-burundi-robotics-team-are-reported-missing-after-competing-in-the-first-global-robotics-co.md) _Context: United States_
10. [A hearing in the U.S. Senate is held about alleged human rights violations in the Philippines's war against illegal drugs. ](/news/2017/07/20/a-hearing-in-the-u-s-senate-is-held-about-alleged-human-rights-violations-in-the-philippines-s-war-against-illegal-drugs.md) _Context: United States_
