### [2009-08-1](/news/2009/08/1/index.md)

#  Former President of the Philippines Corazon Aquino dies at the age of 76 of cardiopulmonary arrest after complications of colon cancer. A memorial service and funeral is scheduled for August 5. 




### Source:

1. [Philippine Daily Inquirer](http://newsinfo.inquirer.net/breakingnews/nation/view/20090801-218235/Cory-Aquino-dies)

### Related:

1. [ Former President of the Philippines Corazon Aquino, the leader of the 1986 People Power Revolution, is diagnosed with colon cancer. ](/news/2008/03/24/former-president-of-the-philippines-corazon-aquino-the-leader-of-the-1986-people-power-revolution-is-diagnosed-with-colon-cancer.md) _Context: Corazon Aquino, President of the Philippines, colon cancer_
2. [Celebrations are held to commemorate the 30th anniversary of the People Power Revolution in the Philippines that led to the downfall of dictator  Ferdinand Marcos' 21-year reign, and the rise of President Corazon Aquino. ](/news/2016/02/25/celebrations-are-held-to-commemorate-the-30th-anniversary-of-the-people-power-revolution-in-the-philippines-that-led-to-the-downfall-of-dict.md) _Context: Corazon Aquino, President of the Philippines_
3. [The son of Corazon Aquino, Benigno Aquino III, appears set to win the presidency in the Philippine elections, which have been marred by deadly violence and malfunctioning voting machines.  ](/news/2010/05/11/the-son-of-corazon-aquino-benigno-aquino-iii-appears-set-to-win-the-presidency-in-the-philippine-elections-which-have-been-marred-by-dead.md) _Context: Corazon Aquino, President of the Philippines_
4. [ The son of former Filipino President Corazon Aquino, Benigno Aquino III, announces his intention to run for the presidency. ](/news/2009/09/9/the-son-of-former-filipino-president-corazon-aquino-benigno-aquino-iii-announces-his-intention-to-run-for-the-presidency.md) _Context: Corazon Aquino, President of the Philippines_
5. [ The funeral of Corazon Aquino, the first female President of an Asian country and the Philippines, takes place in the Philippines. ](/news/2009/08/5/the-funeral-of-corazon-aquino-the-first-female-president-of-an-asian-country-and-the-philippines-takes-place-in-the-philippines.md) _Context: Corazon Aquino, President of the Philippines_
6. [The Supreme Court of the Philippines says President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte can declare martial law in the whole Philippines. Two days prior, the Supreme Court had ](/news/2017/07/6/the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-says-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-can-declare-martial-law-in-the-whole-philippines-two.md) _Context: President of the Philippines_
7. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte indefinitely freezes the peace talks with the Communist Party of the Philippines after numerous attacks by the communist rebels on government forces. The President also vowed to re-orient anew the offensive against the Party's armed wing the New People's Army. ](/news/2017/07/21/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-indefinitely-freezes-the-peace-talks-with-the-communist-party-of-the-philippines-after-numerous.md) _Context: President of the Philippines_
8. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte plans to appeal to the Congress of the Philippines to extend Proclamation No. 216 (martial law on the whole of Mindanao, which will end on 22 July 10 PM PST) until the end of 2017, due to constitutional constraints as well as the ongoing Marawi crisis. ](/news/2017/07/17/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-plans-to-appeal-to-the-congress-of-the-philippines-to-extend-proclamation-no-216-martial-law.md) _Context: President of the Philippines_
9. [Former President of the Philippines Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III is indicted (among others) by the Office of the Ombudsman for his failure in handling the 2015 Mamasapano clash, which resulted in the deaths of 44 members of the Special Action Forces of the Philippine National Police. Aquino's legal team has vowed to appeal for a motion for reconsideration; as well as the group Volunteers Against Crime and Corruption (representing the victims' families), against what they call a "weak case" (citing Aquino's charges of "graft" & "usurpation of authority", instead of "reckless imprudence resulting in multiple homicide") ](/news/2017/07/14/former-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-noynoy-aquino-iii-is-indicted-among-others-by-the-office-of-the-ombudsman-for-his-failure-in.md) _Context: President of the Philippines_
10. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte threatens the ''Philippine Daily Inquirer'' with an expose. The newspaper has been a long-time ally of the politically prominent Aquino family (ever since the 1986 EDSA People Power Revolution), as well as the minority opposition Liberal Party (of which the Vice President of the Philippines Leni Robredo is its prominent member); both have been consistent in their criticisms of the Duterty presidency and its policies since its inauguration in 2016. ](/news/2017/07/1/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-threatens-the-philippine-daily-inquirer-with-an-exposa-c-the-newspaper-has-been-a-long-time.md) _Context: President of the Philippines_
