### [2007-07-16](/news/2007/07/16/index.md)

#  Britain expels four Russian diplomats and suspends visa negotiations over Russia's failure to extradite Andrei Lugovoy in connection with the murder of Alexander Litvinenko. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters via News Limited](http://www.news.com.au/story/0,10117,22085874-401,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ Russia says that it will launch a criminal case against Andrei Lugovoi if the United Kingdom provides it with convincing evidence of Lugovoi's involvement in the murder of Alexander Litvinenko. ](/news/2007/08/3/russia-says-that-it-will-launch-a-criminal-case-against-andrei-lugovoi-if-the-united-kingdom-provides-it-with-convincing-evidence-of-lugovo.md) _Context: Alexander Litvinenko, Britain, Russia_
2. [ Russia has officially declined a request by the UK to extradite Andrei Lugovoi for the murder of Alexander Litvinenko. Russia's constitution bars extradition of its citizens. ](/news/2007/07/5/russia-has-officially-declined-a-request-by-the-uk-to-extradite-andrei-lugovoi-for-the-murder-of-alexander-litvinenko-russia-s-constitutio.md) _Context: Alexander Litvinenko, Russia, extradite_
3. [ Suspected assassination plot: Alexander Litvinenko, a former Russian spy who defected to Britain six years ago, is fighting for his life in a London hospital after being poisoned with polonium-210 in a sushi bar. ](/news/2006/11/19/suspected-assassination-plot-alexander-litvinenko-a-former-russian-spy-who-defected-to-britain-six-years-ago-is-fighting-for-his-life-in.md) _Context: Alexander Litvinenko, Britain, Russia_
4. [Syrian Civil War: Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/syrian-civil-war-russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-u.md) _Context: Britain, Russia_
5. [ British cosmologist Stephen Hawking and Russian venture capitalist and physicist Yuri Milner announce " Breaktrough Starshot," a $100 million effort to plan a trip to the sun's closest stellar neighbor, Alpha Centauri, via developing nanotechnology that would put the craft within the star system roughly 20 years after leaving Earth. ](/news/2016/04/12/british-cosmologist-stephen-hawking-and-russian-venture-capitalist-and-physicist-yuri-milner-announce-breaktrough-starshot-a-100-milli.md) _Context: Britain, Russia_
6. [Vienna Conference on Syria: Syrian Civil War: Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/vienna-conference-on-syria-syrian-civil-war-iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-represen.md) _Context: Britain, Russia_
7. [Iran, the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, People's Republic of China, Germany, and the European Union (the P5+1) reach a breakthrough agreement on the general framework for an agreement on Iran's nuclear program, but sign no verbal agreement or official document. The deadline for a full deal is June 30, 2015. ](/news/2015/04/2/iran-the-united-states-the-united-kingdom-france-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-germany-and-the-european-union-the-p5-1-reach-a.md) _Context: Britain, Russia_
8. [War in Donbass: The United States and United Kingdom discuss imposing additional sanctions on Russia over the breach of the ceasefire. ](/news/2015/02/21/war-in-donbass-the-united-states-and-united-kingdom-discuss-imposing-additional-sanctions-on-russia-over-the-breach-of-the-ceasefire.md) _Context: Britain, Russia_
9. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:: Graham Phillips, a British national and reporter for the Russian TV network RT, is detained in Mariupol by the SBU. ](/news/2014/05/21/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-graham-phillips-a-british-national-and-reporter-for-the-russian-tv-network-rt-is-detained-in-mariupol.md) _Context: Britain, Russia_
10. [Russia bans 18 American diplomats from entering the country, in retaliation for similar restrictions placed on 18 Russian officials by the Magnitsky Act. ](/news/2013/04/13/russia-bans-18-american-diplomats-from-entering-the-country-in-retaliation-for-similar-restrictions-placed-on-18-russian-officials-by-the-m.md) _Context: Russia, diplomat_
