### [2007-07-16](/news/2007/07/16/index.md)

#  The President of the United States George W. Bush and the President of Poland Lech Kaczynski agree to proceed with building a missile defense system in Europe despite Russian concerns. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/topNews/idUSN1637250020070716)

### Related:

1. [A Polish report into the 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash that killed President Lech Kaczynski blames the Polish crew and Russian air traffic controllers for the accident. ](/news/2011/07/29/a-polish-report-into-the-2010-polish-air-force-tu-154-crash-that-killed-president-lech-kaczyaski-blames-the-polish-crew-and-russian-air-tra.md) _Context: Lech Kaczynski, President, Russia_
2. [Aftermath of 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash:. Polish President Lech Kaczynski lies in state in Warsaw as Russia marks a day of mourning and Poland appoints an acting head of the central bank to replace the one killed in Saturday's air disaster near Smolensk. ](/news/2010/04/12/aftermath-of-2010-polish-air-force-tu-154-crash-polish-president-lech-kaczyaski-lies-in-state-in-warsaw-as-russia-marks-a-day-of-mourning.md) _Context: Lech Kaczynski, President, Russia_
3. [Aftermath of 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash:. The body of President Lech Kaczynski, who was killed in yesterday's plane crash just north of Smolensk, Russia, is flown back to Poland. ](/news/2010/04/11/aftermath-of-2010-polish-air-force-tu-154-crash-the-body-of-president-lech-kaczyaski-who-was-killed-in-yesterday-s-plane-crash-just-nort.md) _Context: Lech Kaczynski, President, Russia_
4. [ U.S. President George W. Bush begins his tour of Europe in Prague before the G8 summit in Germany. During his visit, he intends to address the deployment of interceptor rockets, the establishment of radar bases in Poland and the Czech Republic, and the related tension that has arisen between the United States and Russia. ](/news/2007/06/5/u-s-president-george-w-bush-begins-his-tour-of-europe-in-prague-before-the-g8-summit-in-germany-during-his-visit-he-intends-to-address.md) _Context: Europe, George W. Bush, Russia_
5. [The President of Russia, Vladimir Putin, warns Romania and Poland against hosting parts of the U.S. missile defense shield. ](/news/2016/05/28/the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-warns-romania-and-poland-against-hosting-parts-of-the-u-s-missile-defense-shield.md) _Context: Russia, missile defense shield_
6. [NATO-Russia relations. Cold War II. U.S. General Curtis Scaparrotti, the incoming head of the United States military forces in Europe, says he supports a permanent brigade-sized presence of U.S. combat troops in Eastern Europe to deter Russia-s expanded and assertive actions. ](/news/2016/04/22/nato-russia-relations-cold-war-ii-u-s-general-curtis-scaparrotti-the-incoming-head-of-the-united-states-military-forces-in-europe-say.md) _Context: Europe, Russia_
7. [NATO-Russia relations. The United States Air Force sends 12 F-15C Eagles and 350 personnel to Iceland and the Netherlands to deter further Russian aggression in Europe. ](/news/2016/04/2/nato-russia-relations-the-united-states-air-force-sends-12-f-15c-eagles-and-350-personnel-to-iceland-and-the-netherlands-to-deter-further.md) _Context: Europe, Russia_
8. [Moldova-Romania relations. Romania offers neighboring Moldova a $65 million (60 million euros) loan to help stave off economic collapse and keep the former Soviet Republic on a pro-European course, provided the Moldovan government implements major reforms. Government funds were needed to cover more than $1 billion that "disappeared" from three Moldovan banks in November 2014. In the frigid capital Chisinau, 15,000 people from both the pro-European and pro-Russian sides of the political divide, protested on Sunday against the current government and demanded new elections. Prime Minister Pavel Filip, who took office last week, is the country's sixth PM in a year. ](/news/2016/01/26/moldova-romania-relations-romania-offers-neighboring-moldova-a-65-million-60-million-euros-loan-to-help-stave-off-economic-collapse-an.md) _Context: Europe, Russia_
9. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:. Pro-Russian rebels in Ukraine free a Swedish observer, but not the other seven European monitors they have been holding for three days.](/news/2014/04/27/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-pro-russian-rebels-in-ukraine-free-a-swedish-observer-but-not-the-other-seven-european-monitors-they-h.md) _Context: Europe, Russia_
10. [Dmitry Medvedev, the President of Russia, warns of a potential new Cold War if the United States does not listen to Russia's concerns about its proposed missile defense system. ](/news/2011/05/18/dmitry-medvedev-the-president-of-russia-warns-of-a-potential-new-cold-war-if-the-united-states-does-not-listen-to-russia-s-concerns-about.md) _Context: Russia, missile defense shield_
