### [2003-11-5](/news/2003/11/5/index.md)

#  An article in the November issue of J. Climate argues that global warming will bring more snow to the Eastern Great Lakes region.




### Related:

1. [Researchers report, in the "Environmental Science & Technology" journal, the discovery of antidepressant concentrations in 10 kinds of fish in the Niagara River, which links to the Great Lakes via Lakes Erie and Ontario. Speculated causes include inadequate treatment of water re-introduced into said bodies of water. ](/news/2017/09/1/researchers-report-in-the-environmental-science-technology-journal-the-discovery-of-antidepressant-concentrations-in-10-kinds-of-fish.md) _Context: Great Lakes_
2. [The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency announces, effective in 2019, it will no longer sponsor the Climate Leadership Awards program that honors voluntary corporate actions to combat global warming. ](/news/2017/08/25/the-u-s-environmental-protection-agency-announces-effective-in-2019-it-will-no-longer-sponsor-the-climate-leadership-awards-program-that.md) _Context: global warming_
3. [A temperature of 53.7degC (128.7degF) is recorded during the 2017 heat wave in Ahvaz, Khuzestan Province, breaking Iran's previous record and becoming one of the highest temperatures ever recorded on Earth. ](/news/2017/06/30/a-temperature-of-53-7adegc-128-7adegf-is-recorded-during-the-2017-heat-wave-in-ahvaz-khuzestan-province-breaking-iran-s-previous-record-and.md) _Context: global warming_
4. [A report from the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine states climate science progress makes it possible to accurately detect global warming's fingerprints on certain extreme weather events. There is "high confidence" in studies looking for climate change connections between extreme hot and cold temperatures, while efforts trying to attribute droughts and extreme rainfall has medium confidence. ](/news/2016/03/11/a-report-from-the-national-academies-of-sciences-engineering-and-medicine-states-climate-science-progress-makes-it-possible-to-accurately.md) _Context: global warming_
5. [French national public television broadcaster France Televisions fires France 2 TV channel's weatherman Philippe Verdier, who has been suspended since mid-October. Verdier, known as "Monsieur Meteo" (Mr Weather), has been promoting his recently published book, "Climat Investigation" (Climate Investigation), in which he throws doubt on the global warning findings of leading climate scientists and political leaders. France Televisions said its rules, "prevent anyone using their professional status ... to push forward their personal opinions." ](/news/2015/11/2/french-national-public-television-broadcaster-france-ta-c-la-c-visions-fires-france-2-tv-channel-s-weatherman-philippe-verdier-who-has-been-sus.md) _Context: global warming_
