### [2003-11-5](/news/2003/11/5/index.md)

#  Arizona officials believe two rival immigrant smuggling rings are responsible for a shootout in Arizona that killed four people, and wounded several others.<ref name="feedroom.com"/>




### Related:

1. [A heat wave strikes the Western U.S. states of Arizona, California, and Nevada. It is predicted to last until June 23. ](/news/2017/06/20/a-heat-wave-strikes-the-western-u-s-states-of-arizona-california-and-nevada-it-is-predicted-to-last-until-june-23.md) _Context: Arizona_
2. [Four state Democratic Parties sue the Donald Trump presidential campaign, the state Republican Parties, and "Stop the Steal" group founder Roger Stone for voter intimidation in the states of Ohio, Pennsylvania, Nevada, and Arizona. ](/news/2016/11/1/four-state-democratic-parties-sue-the-donald-trump-presidential-campaign-the-state-republican-parties-and-stop-the-steal-group-founder-r.md) _Context: Arizona_
3. [U.S. officials are investigating the hacking of election system databases in Illinois and Arizona. The FBI alerted all election officials nationwide about this issue earlier this month. ](/news/2016/08/29/u-s-officials-are-investigating-the-hacking-of-election-system-databases-in-illinois-and-arizona-the-fbi-alerted-all-election-officials-na.md) _Context: Arizona_
4. [Lake Mead in Mohave County, Arizona, the largest reservoir in the United States, drops to its lowest level in history, declining to its lowest level since it was filled in the 1930s. The reservoir serves water to the states of Arizona, Nevada and California. ](/news/2016/05/21/lake-mead-in-mohave-county-arizona-the-largest-reservoir-in-the-united-states-drops-to-its-lowest-level-in-history-declining-to-its-lowe.md) _Context: Arizona_
5. [ U.S. federal authorities arrest militia leader Ammon Bundy and several of his followers following an exchange of gunfire at a traffic stop on U.S. Route 395 in Harney County, Oregon. One person, LaVoy Finicum, a rancher from Arizona and spokesman for the militia, was killed in the shootout. ](/news/2016/01/26/u-s-federal-authorities-arrest-militia-leader-ammon-bundy-and-several-of-his-followers-following-an-exchange-of-gunfire-at-a-traffic-stop.md) _Context: Arizona_
6. [Mysterious lights from an unidentified flying object spook people in Arizona, California, and Nevada. It was later confirmed as a test flight of a UGM-133 Trident II missile. ](/news/2015/11/8/mysterious-lights-from-an-unidentified-flying-object-spook-people-in-arizona-california-and-nevada-it-was-later-confirmed-as-a-test-fligh.md) _Context: Arizona_
7. [U.S. Border Patrol agents apprehend five Pakistani nationals and one Afghan national trying to sneak into Arizona through the Mexico-U.S. border. ](/news/2015/11/19/u-s-border-patrol-agents-apprehend-five-pakistani-nationals-and-one-afghan-national-trying-to-sneak-into-arizona-through-the-mexico-u-s-bo.md) _Context: Arizona_
8. [The death toll rises to 16 from this week's flash flood along the Utah - Arizona border in the United States. ](/news/2015/09/16/the-death-toll-rises-to-16-from-this-week-s-flash-flood-along-the-utah-a-arizona-border-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: Arizona_
9. [Health authorities in the United States say that 53 people in nine states have been sickened in a salmonella outbreak. California is the worst affected state with 31 cases with the other states with cases include Arizona, Illinois, Mississippi, New Mexico, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin. ](/news/2015/05/21/health-authorities-in-the-united-states-say-that-53-people-in-nine-states-have-been-sickened-in-a-salmonella-outbreak-california-is-the-wor.md) _Context: Arizona_
10. [In Arizona, dashcam video showed a police officer intentionally running over an armed suspect. The suspect had stolen a rifle from a nearby Walmart, and had discharged the weapon in a neighborhood. ](/news/2015/04/15/in-arizona-dashcam-video-showed-a-police-officer-intentionally-running-over-an-armed-suspect-the-suspect-had-stolen-a-rifle-from-a-nearby.md) _Context: Arizona_
