### [2003-11-5](/news/2003/11/5/index.md)

#  In Portland, Oregon, a local election to establish a PUD that would investigate public ownership of Portland General Electric failed when 69% of the voters voted against the measure. Both Portland General Electric, an Enron subsidiary, and PacifiCorp, a subsidiary of Scottish Power contributed $1.9 million to fight the measure.




### Related:

1. [Two men are stabbed to death in a train in Portland, Oregon, after they attempt to intervene while a man shouts racial slurs at two teenage girls, one of them wearing a hijab. ](/news/2017/05/26/two-men-are-stabbed-to-death-in-a-train-in-portland-oregon-after-they-attempt-to-intervene-while-a-man-shouts-racial-slurs-at-two-teenage.md) _Context: Portland, Oregon_
2. [Protests and riots against president-elect Donald Trump take place in Portland, Los Angeles, New York City, and Atlanta, leading to the arrests of over 225 people. ](/news/2016/11/11/protests-and-riots-against-president-elect-donald-trump-take-place-in-portland-los-angeles-new-york-city-and-atlanta-leading-to-the-arre.md) _Context: Portland, Oregon_
3. [A natural gas explosion damages several buildings and injures eight people in downtown Portland, Oregon. ](/news/2016/10/19/a-natural-gas-explosion-damages-several-buildings-and-injures-eight-people-in-downtown-portland-oregon.md) _Context: Portland, Oregon_
4. [A group of United States mayors forms ""Mayors Against Discrimination"" in the wake of recent discriminatory laws enacted in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminatory-laws-enacted-in-north-carolina.md) _Context: Portland, Oregon_
5. [The Obama Administration through the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development reports more than 500,000 people. a quarter of them children, were homeless this year amid scarce affordable housing across much of the nation. Los Angeles, Seattle, Portland, Oregon, and Hawaii all recently declared emergencies over the rise of homelessness. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-obama-administration-through-the-u-s-department-of-housing-and-urban-development-reports-more-than-500-000-people-a-quarter-of-them-ch.md) _Context: Portland, Oregon_
6. [An unknown person shoots four people outside of Rosemary Anderson High School, an alternative high school in Portland, Oregon. Police later question a 22-year-old man. ](/news/2014/12/12/an-unknown-person-shoots-four-people-outside-of-rosemary-anderson-high-school-an-alternative-high-school-in-portland-oregon-police-later.md) _Context: Portland, Oregon_
7. [Ex-CEO of Enron Jeffrey Skilling is in talks with federal prosecutors to discuss a reduction in his sentence. ](/news/2013/04/4/ex-ceo-of-enron-jeffrey-skilling-is-in-talks-with-federal-prosecutors-to-discuss-a-reduction-in-his-sentence.md) _Context: Enron_
8. [The remains of a missing young Oregon woman, Whitney Heichel, 21, a Starbucks barista from the Portland, Oregon suburb of Gresham, Oregon, are found on Larch Mountain, Multnomah County, Oregon; after DNA testing and fingerprint analysis, Gresham Police arrested a neighbor who lived nearby in her Gresham apartment complex, Jonathan Holt, 24, on suspicion of aggravated first-degree murder. ](/news/2012/10/19/the-remains-of-a-missing-young-oregon-woman-whitney-heichel-21-a-starbucks-barista-from-the-portland-oregon-suburb-of-gresham-oregon-a.md) _Context: Portland, Oregon_
9. [The police in the US city of Portland, Oregon close down the Occupy Portland site resulting in 50 arrests. ](/news/2011/11/13/the-police-in-the-us-city-of-portland-oregon-close-down-the-occupy-portland-site-resulting-in-50-arrests.md) _Context: Portland, Oregon_
10. [Two trains collide near US Highway 30 near the US city of Portland, Oregon, causing a fire and necessitating the evacuation of nearby residents. ](/news/2011/05/4/two-trains-collide-near-us-highway-30-near-the-us-city-of-portland-oregon-causing-a-fire-and-necessitating-the-evacuation-of-nearby-reside.md) _Context: Portland, Oregon_
