### [2003-11-5](/news/2003/11/5/index.md)

#  In Seattle, Washington, Gary Ridgway confesses to the murder of 48 women, who were the victims of the Green River Killer. In return, he will not be subject to capital punishment, but serve life imprisonment for his crimes.




### Related:

1. [ In Seattle, Washington, the text of Gary Ridgway's ("Green River Killer") confession is released.](/news/2003/11/6/in-seattle-washington-the-text-of-gary-ridgway-s-green-river-killer-confession-is-released.md) _Context: Gary Ridgway, Seattle, Washington_
2. [Alaska Airlines removes 11 passengers from a Juneau, Alaska to Seattle, Washington flight, due to alleged unruly and uncooperative behavior. There were no arrests. ](/news/2017/06/26/alaska-airlines-removes-11-passengers-from-a-juneau-alaska-to-seattle-washington-flight-due-to-alleged-unruly-and-uncooperative-behavior.md) _Context: Seattle, Washington_
3. [A Guantanamo military commission charges detainee Riduan Isamuddin for his roles in the 2002 Bali bombings and the 2003 Marriott Hotel bombing. The Pentagon is yet to decide whether to threaten capital punishment. ](/news/2017/06/23/a-guantanamo-military-commission-charges-detainee-riduan-isamuddin-for-his-roles-in-the-2002-bali-bombings-and-the-2003-marriott-hotel-bombi.md) _Context: capital punishment_
4. [A court in the Indian city of Mumbai convicts and sentences Ankur Panwar to the death penalty for a fatal acid-throwing attack. ](/news/2016/09/8/a-court-in-the-indian-city-of-mumbai-convicts-and-sentences-ankur-panwar-to-the-death-penalty-for-a-fatal-acid-throwing-attack.md) _Context: capital punishment_
5. [Pope Francis calls for a worldwide ban on the death penalty and urges Christian leaders to work to stop executions as part of the church's Holy Year of Mercy. ](/news/2016/02/21/pope-francis-calls-for-a-worldwide-ban-on-the-death-penalty-and-urges-christian-leaders-to-work-to-stop-executions-as-part-of-the-church-s-h.md) _Context: capital punishment_
6. [Pope Francis becomes the first Pope ever to address a Joint Session of the United States Congress. Afterwards, he greets onlookers at the National Mall. He addresses many issues: abortion and the sanctity of life, the importance of the family and of marriage, climate change, immigration and the refugee crises caused by global unrest, proper business conduct, and worldwide abolition of capital punishment. ](/news/2015/09/24/pope-francis-becomes-the-first-pope-ever-to-address-a-joint-session-of-the-united-states-congress-afterwards-he-greets-onlookers-at-the-na.md) _Context: capital punishment_
7. [At least four people are killed and 12 critically injured after a charter bus, a Ride the Ducks tour vehicle, and two smaller vehicles crash on the Aurora Bridge in the U.S. city of Seattle, Washington. ](/news/2015/09/24/at-least-four-people-are-killed-and-12-critically-injured-after-a-charter-bus-a-ride-the-ducks-tour-vehicle-and-two-smaller-vehicles-crash.md) _Context: Seattle, Washington_
8. [The Tunisian parliament approves a new anti-terror law that allows the death penalty for terrorists. ](/news/2015/07/25/the-tunisian-parliament-approves-a-new-anti-terror-law-that-allows-the-death-penalty-for-terrorists.md) _Context: capital punishment_
9. [The Supreme Court of the United States upholds the use of capital punishment by lethal injection involving midazolam. ](/news/2015/06/29/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-upholds-the-use-of-capital-punishment-by-lethal-injection-involving-midazolam.md) _Context: capital punishment_
10. [Following the December 17 announcement that it would lift its moratorium on terror-related death penalty cases, Pakistan announces that it will execute 500 militants in the coming weeks. ](/news/2014/12/22/following-the-december-17-announcement-that-it-would-lift-its-moratorium-on-terror-related-death-penalty-cases-pakistan-announces-that-it-w.md) _Context: capital punishment_
