### [2003-11-5](/news/2003/11/5/index.md)

#  Microsoft contributes $500,000 to fund the search of computer viruses and other malicious code writers, starting with the MSBlast computer worm and the Sobig virus originators. Microsoft will be working with law enforcement agencies (FBI, the Secret Service, and Interpol) in the search. The initiative marks the latest move by Microsoft and law enforcement to curtail attacks that plague the Internet.




### Related:

1. [ Microsoft places a US$250,000 bounty on the Conficker computer worm's creator. ](/news/2009/02/12/microsoft-places-a-us-250-000-bounty-on-the-conficker-computer-worm-s-creator.md) _Context: Microsoft, computer worm_
2. [ Email virus: Email users are swamped by a new fast-spreading computer virus circulating through email that purports to be security software from Microsoft, but actually tries to disable security programs that are already running. The worm, dubbed "Swen" or "Gibe", takes advantage of a two-year-old hole in Internet Explorer and affects systems that have not installed a patch for that security hole.](/news/2003/09/19/email-virus-email-users-are-swamped-by-a-new-fast-spreading-computer-virus-circulating-through-email-that-purports-to-be-security-software.md) _Context: Microsoft, computer virus_
3. [ Computer virus Bugbear.b spreads worldwide on computer systems running Microsoft Windows by infecting email attachments.](/news/2003/06/5/computer-virus-bugbear-b-spreads-worldwide-on-computer-systems-running-microsoft-windows-by-infecting-email-attachments.md) _Context: Microsoft, computer virus_
4. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: Microsoft_
5. [An improvised explosive device goes off at a mosque in Bloomington, Minnesota. No injuries were reported, and the FBI is investigating the case. ](/news/2017/08/5/an-improvised-explosive-device-goes-off-at-a-mosque-in-bloomington-minnesota-no-injuries-were-reported-and-the-fbi-is-investigating-the-c.md) _Context: FBI_
6. [Amid a public backlash, Microsoft reneges on its decision to end its Paint program and states that it will be placed on its app store rather than bundled with future editions of Windows. ](/news/2017/07/25/amid-a-public-backlash-microsoft-reneges-on-its-decision-to-end-its-paint-program-and-states-that-it-will-be-placed-on-its-app-store-rather.md) _Context: Microsoft_
7. [Microsoft announces that Paint will cease to be updated after the Windows 10 Fall Creators Update because its functionality was "integrated into Paint 3D". Paint was first released 32 years ago. ](/news/2017/07/24/microsoft-announces-that-paint-will-cease-to-be-updated-after-the-windows-10-fall-creators-update-because-its-functionality-was-integrated.md) _Context: Microsoft_
8. [Following a joint police operation by Europol and Interpol last October and November across much of Europe, dubbed "Operation Pandora", more than 3,500 stolen artwork and artifacts are recovered, with 75 people arrested and 48,588 more being investigated. ](/news/2017/01/23/following-a-joint-police-operation-by-europol-and-interpol-last-october-and-november-across-much-of-europe-dubbed-operation-pandora-more.md) _Context: Interpol_
9. [ A false alarm leads to Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump being rushed off stage by United States Secret Service agents at a campaign rally in Reno, Nevada. A man, reportedly carrying a gun, was escorted out of the venue by security officers shortly following the incident; however, further inspection revealed no weapons on his person. The man was brandishing a "Republicans against Trump" sign.](/news/2016/11/5/a-false-alarm-leads-to-republican-presidential-nominee-donald-trump-being-rushed-off-stage-by-united-states-secret-service-agents-at-a-camp.md) _Context: United States Secret Service_
10. [Microsoft acknowledges that a Windows 10 update has stopped millions of webcams from working. ](/news/2016/08/22/microsoft-acknowledges-that-a-windows-10-update-has-stopped-millions-of-webcams-from-working.md) _Context: Microsoft_
