### [2003-11-5](/news/2003/11/5/index.md)

#  The European Union says it will press ahead with retaliation against US steel tariffs if the WTO rules in its favour next week.




### Related:

1. [ Canada challenges the seal ban of the European Union at the World Trade Organization. ](/news/2009/07/27/canada-challenges-the-seal-ban-of-the-european-union-at-the-world-trade-organization.md) _Context: EU, World Trade Organization_
2. [ Trade officials from the United States, European Union, India and Brazil meet in New Delhi, India, to revive the World Trade Organization's Doha round of negotiations. ](/news/2007/04/11/trade-officials-from-the-united-states-european-union-india-and-brazil-meet-in-new-delhi-india-to-revive-the-world-trade-organization-s.md) _Context: EU, World Trade Organization_
3. [ The Sixth Ministerial Conference of the World Trade Organization opened in Hong Kong. European Union Trade Commissioner Peter Mandelson said that he expected little progress on resolving disagreements between ministers. Meanwhile, some protesters from South Korea unsuccessfully attempted to bypass the cordon to reach the location of the conference by swimming across Victoria Harbour. ](/news/2005/12/13/the-sixth-ministerial-conference-of-the-world-trade-organization-opened-in-hong-kong-european-union-trade-commissioner-peter-mandelson-sai.md) _Context: EU, World Trade Organization_
4. [ The 148 members of the World Trade Organization officially appoint the former European Union Trade Commissioner, Pascal Lamy, as its 5th Director-General. ](/news/2005/05/27/the-148-members-of-the-world-trade-organization-officially-appoint-the-former-european-union-trade-commissioner-pascal-lamy-as-its-5th-di.md) _Context: EU, World Trade Organization_
5. [ Canada and European Union plan to impose a 15% tariff on some US exports because Washington has not repealed anti-dumping law the Byrd Amendment. World Trade Organization declared the law illegal last August. The products include paper, cigarettes, oysters and live swine ](/news/2005/03/31/canada-and-european-union-plan-to-impose-a-15-tariff-on-some-us-exports-because-washington-has-not-repealed-anti-dumping-law-the-byrd-amen.md) _Context: EU, World Trade Organization_
6. [ The European Union imposes additional 5% tariffs on a wide range of goods imported from the United States, such as honey, paper, and nuclear reactors. The tariffs were sanctioned by the World Trade Organization in 2002 as punitive measures after a ruling declaring that United States tax law unfairly favors U.S.-based companies. ](/news/2004/03/2/the-european-union-imposes-additional-5-tariffs-on-a-wide-range-of-goods-imported-from-the-united-states-such-as-honey-paper-and-nuclea.md) _Context: EU, World Trade Organization_
7. [ The European Union asks the World Trade Organization for authorization to impose trade sanctions against the United States in response to the U.S.'s anti-dumping scheme, which has been ruled illegal by the WTO.](/news/2004/01/15/the-european-union-asks-the-world-trade-organization-for-authorization-to-impose-trade-sanctions-against-the-united-states-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: EU, World Trade Organization_
8. [Facing the threat of a trade war, U.S. President George W. Bush lifts 20-month-old tariffs on foreign steel. Within minutes of the announcement, the European Union announces that it is lifting its threat of sanctions on $2.2 billion of U.S. products that would have taken effect in mid-December based on a ruling from the World Trade Organization that the tariffs were in violation of global trade rules. [http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&cid=544&e=1&u=/ap/20031204/ap_on_go_pr_wh/bush_steel]](/news/2003/12/4/facing-the-threat-of-a-trade-war-u-s-president-george-w-bush-lifts-20-month-old-tariffs-on-foreign-steel-within-minutes-of-the-announcem.md) _Context: EU, World Trade Organization_
9. [ The World Trade Organization declares United States tariffs on steel imports inconsistent with free trade, opening the way for the European Union to impose punitive tariffs on goods of US origin.](/news/2003/11/10/the-world-trade-organization-declares-united-states-tariffs-on-steel-imports-inconsistent-with-free-trade-opening-the-way-for-the-european.md) _Context: EU, World Trade Organization_
10. [ European Union: United States draft legislation which urges The Pentagon to buy defence parts from American manufacturers has turned heads in Brussels, with some warning of yet another trade dispute at the WTO.](/news/2003/10/2/european-union-united-states-draft-legislation-which-urges-the-pentagon-to-buy-defence-parts-from-american-manufacturers-has-turned-heads.md) _Context: EU, World Trade Organization_
