### [2015-05-23](/news/2015/05/23/index.md)

#   Julie Bishop, the Foreign Minister of Australia, says that Indonesia has advised that most of the people who have traveled to South East Asia by boat are from Bangladesh, not Rohingya from Myanmar. 

SYDNEY (AFP) - Indonesia has told Australia that most of the migrants stranded at sea in South-east Asia are illegal labourers from Bangladesh, not oppressed Muslim Rohingya, Foreign Minister Julie Bishop said in comments published on Saturday.. Read more at straitstimes.com.


### Source:

1. [Sky News Asia](http://www.skynews.com.au/news/top-stories/2015/05/23/myanmar-to-deport-rescued-migrants.html)
2. [Straits Times](http://www.straitstimes.com/news/asia/south-east-asia/story/indonesia-believes-most-migrants-stranded-sea-are-not-rohingya-austr)

### Related:

1. [Two boats carrying 500 members of Myanmar's Rohingya Muslim people arrive in western Indonesia. ](/news/2015/05/10/two-boats-carrying-500-members-of-myanmar-s-rohingya-muslim-people-arrive-in-western-indonesia.md) _Context: Indonesia, Myanmar, Rohingya minority_
2. [The United Nations Human Rights Council releases a report detailing mass atrocities by the military and police forces against Myanmar's Rohingya minority, including gang-rapes, mass killings, and possible ethnic cleansing, which could amount to crimes against humanity. ](/news/2017/02/3/the-united-nations-human-rights-council-releases-a-report-detailing-mass-atrocities-by-the-military-and-police-forces-against-myanmar-s-rohi.md) _Context: Myanmar, Rohingya minority_
3. [Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak leads a protest rally against the persecution of Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority in the predominately Buddhist country,  and calls on Myanmar State Counsellor   Aung San Suu Kyi and the United Nations to address the Rohingya's plight  and end the violence.   Myanmar's president's office said the rally is timed for Malaysian political purposes, and that Malaysia should respect the  Association of Southeast Asian Nations's principle on  sovereignty. ](/news/2016/12/4/malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-leads-a-protest-rally-against-the-persecution-of-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority-in-the-predominatel.md) _Context: Myanmar, Rohingya minority_
4. [A United Nations official accuses Myanmar of committing genocide against the Rohingya. ](/news/2016/11/24/a-united-nations-official-accuses-myanmar-of-committing-genocide-against-the-rohingya.md) _Context: Myanmar, Rohingya minority_
5. [A 6.8 magnitude earthquake hits central Myanmar, 25km west of the town of Chauk, and was also felt in Thailand, Bangladesh and India, according to reports. At least three people are killed. ](/news/2016/08/24/a-6-8-magnitude-earthquake-hits-central-myanmar-25km-west-of-the-town-of-chauk-and-was-also-felt-in-thailand-bangladesh-and-india-accord.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Myanmar_
6. [Yanghee Lee, the United Nations special human rights envoy to overwhelmingly Buddhist Myanmar, says more than 100,000 of the Muslim Rohingya minority remain in squalid camps they were forced to four years ago by violence. The government does not recognize most of these people as citizens, and has treated even long-term residents as illegal immigrants. Lee is encouraged by last March's peaceful transition to a democratically elected and civilian-led government. ](/news/2016/07/1/yanghee-lee-the-united-nations-special-human-rights-envoy-to-overwhelmingly-buddhist-myanmar-says-more-than-100-000-of-the-muslim-rohingya.md) _Context: Myanmar, Rohingya minority_
7. [A total solar eclipse occurs in Indonesia, and later, east of the international date line, in the northern Pacific Ocean. A partial eclipse occurs in northern Australia, South-East Asia, and the Pacific. ](/news/2016/03/9/a-total-solar-eclipse-occurs-in-indonesia-and-later-east-of-the-international-date-line-in-the-northern-pacific-ocean-a-partial-eclipse.md) _Context: Indonesia, South-East Asia_
8. [The Philippines says that it is willing to accept 3,000 Rohingya refugees after an accusation by a newspaper was made. Last week Indonesia turned away boats carrying over 1,000 Rohingya refugees. ](/news/2015/05/18/the-philippines-says-that-it-is-willing-to-accept-3-000-rohingya-refugees-after-an-accusation-by-a-newspaper-was-made-last-week-indonesia-t.md) _Context: Indonesia, Rohingya minority_
9. [Malaysia turns away two boats with more than 800 Rohingya and Bangladesh migrants abandoned at sea by human traffickers. ](/news/2015/05/14/malaysia-turns-away-two-boats-with-more-than-800-rohingya-and-bangladesh-migrants-abandoned-at-sea-by-human-traffickers.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Rohingya minority_
10. [Malaysia detains over a thousand Bangladeshi and Rohingya people asylum seekers who arrived by boat on Monday. The Indonesian Navy confirms that it had turned the boats away. ](/news/2015/05/11/malaysia-detains-over-a-thousand-bangladeshi-and-rohingya-people-asylum-seekers-who-arrived-by-boat-on-monday-the-indonesian-navy-confirms.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Rohingya minority_
