### [2015-05-23](/news/2015/05/23/index.md)

#  Rohingya refugee crisis. Julie Bishop, the Foreign Minister of Australia, says that Indonesia has advised that most of the people who have traveled to South East Asia by boat are from Bangladesh, not Rohingya from Myanmar. 

SYDNEY (AFP) - Indonesia has told Australia that most of the migrants stranded at sea in South-east Asia are illegal labourers from Bangladesh, not oppressed Muslim Rohingya, Foreign Minister Julie Bishop said in comments published on Saturday.. Read more at straitstimes.com.


### Source:

1. [Sky News Asia](http://www.skynews.com.au/news/top-stories/2015/05/23/myanmar-to-deport-rescued-migrants.html)
2. [Straits Times](http://www.straitstimes.com/news/asia/south-east-asia/story/indonesia-believes-most-migrants-stranded-sea-are-not-rohingya-austr)

### Related:

1. [Two boats carrying 500 members of Myanmar's Rohingya Muslim people arrive in western Indonesia. ](/news/2015/05/10/two-boats-carrying-500-members-of-myanmar-s-rohingya-muslim-people-arrive-in-western-indonesia.md) _Context: Indonesia, Myanmar, Rohingya_
2. [Rohingya insurgency in Western Myanmar. 2016-17 Northern Rakhine State clashes. Myanmar officials report eight policemen and one immigration officer, and 16 Rohingya insurgents were killed overnight during coordinated attacks by insurgents on at least 26 police posts and an army base in Rakhine State. ](/news/2017/08/25/rohingya-insurgency-in-western-myanmar-2016-17-northern-rakhine-state-clashes-myanmar-officials-report-eight-policemen-and-one-immigrati.md) _Context: Myanmar, Rohingya_
3. [2016-17 Rohingya persecution in Myanmar. A mob of at least a hundred Rakhine Buddhists in Sittwe, Rakhine State, Myanmar, attack seven Rohingya men from Dapaing Camp for internally displaced persons, killing one and severely injuring another. The Rohingya men were being escorted by police to Sittwe's docks to purchase boats, but were attacked despite armed guards being present. ](/news/2017/07/4/2016-17-rohingya-persecution-in-myanmar-a-mob-of-at-least-a-hundred-rakhine-buddhists-in-sittwe-rakhine-state-myanmar-attack-seven-roh.md) _Context: Myanmar, Rohingya_
4. [2016-17 Rohingya persecution in Myanmar. The United Nations Human Rights Council releases a report detailing mass atrocities by the military and police forces against Myanmar's Rohingya minority, including gang-rapes, mass killings, and possible ethnic cleansing, which could amount to crimes against humanity. ](/news/2017/02/3/2016-17-rohingya-persecution-in-myanmar-the-united-nations-human-rights-council-releases-a-report-detailing-mass-atrocities-by-the-milita.md) _Context: Myanmar, Rohingya_
5. [Rohingya protests. Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak leads a protest rally against the persecution of Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority in the predominately Buddhist country, and calls on Myanmar State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi and the United Nations to address the Rohingya's plight and end the violence. Myanmar's president's office said the rally is timed for Malaysian political purposes, and that Malaysia should respect the Association of Southeast Asian Nations's principle on sovereignty. ](/news/2016/12/4/rohingya-protests-malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-leads-a-protest-rally-against-the-persecution-of-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority.md) _Context: Myanmar, Rohingya_
6. [Rohingya conflict. A United Nations official accuses Myanmar of committing genocide against the Rohingya. ](/news/2016/11/24/rohingya-conflict-a-united-nations-official-accuses-myanmar-of-committing-genocide-against-the-rohingya.md) _Context: Myanmar, Rohingya_
7. [August 2016 Myanmar earthquake. A 6.8 magnitude earthquake hits central Myanmar, 25km west of the town of Chauk, and was also felt in Thailand, Bangladesh and India, according to reports. At least three people are killed. ](/news/2016/08/24/august-2016-myanmar-earthquake-a-6-8-magnitude-earthquake-hits-central-myanmar-25km-west-of-the-town-of-chauk-and-was-also-felt-in-thaila.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Myanmar_
8. [Yanghee Lee, the United Nations special human rights envoy to overwhelmingly Buddhist Myanmar, says more than 100,000 of the Muslim Rohingya minority remain in squalid camps they were forced to four years ago by violence. The government does not recognize most of these people as citizens, and has treated even long-term residents as illegal immigrants. Lee is encouraged by last March's peaceful transition to a democratically elected and civilian-led government. ](/news/2016/07/1/yanghee-lee-the-united-nations-special-human-rights-envoy-to-overwhelmingly-buddhist-myanmar-says-more-than-100-000-of-the-muslim-rohingya.md) _Context: Myanmar, Rohingya_
9. [Solar eclipse of March 9, 2016. A total solar eclipse occurs in Indonesia, and later, east of the international date line, in the northern Pacific Ocean. A partial eclipse occurs in northern Australia, South-East Asia, and the Pacific. ](/news/2016/03/9/solar-eclipse-of-march-9-2016-a-total-solar-eclipse-occurs-in-indonesia-and-later-east-of-the-international-date-line-in-the-northern-p.md) _Context: Indonesia, South-East Asia_
10. [The Philippines says that it is willing to accept 3,000 Rohingya refugees after an accusation by a newspaper was made. Last week Indonesia turned away boats carrying over 1,000 Rohingya refugees. ](/news/2015/05/18/the-philippines-says-that-it-is-willing-to-accept-3-000-rohingya-refugees-after-an-accusation-by-a-newspaper-was-made-last-week-indonesia-t.md) _Context: Indonesia, Rohingya_
