### [2015-05-23](/news/2015/05/23/index.md)

# The President of Myanmar, Thein Sein, signs the Population Control Health Care Bill requiring some parents to space each child three years apart. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/ap/article-3093899/Myanmar-president-signs-controversial-population-law.html#ixzz3b0s5f8s3)

### Related:

1. [Myanmar general election, 2015. Myanmar's democracy icon Aung San Suu Kyi discusses the smooth transfer of power to her National League for Democracy (NLD) party with President Thein Sein, their first public meeting since the November election. The new administration will be sworn in early next year. ](/news/2015/12/2/myanmar-general-election-2015-myanmar-s-democracy-icon-aung-san-suu-kyi-discusses-the-smooth-transfer-of-power-to-her-national-league-for.md) _Context: Myanmar's president's office, Thein Sein_
2. [Myanmar general election, 2015. Myanmar president Thein Sein says his government and the military, which gave up power only five years ago, will respect the results of Sunday's historic elections that are expected to be won by opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi's NLD party. ](/news/2015/11/7/myanmar-general-election-2015-myanmar-president-thein-sein-says-his-government-and-the-military-which-gave-up-power-only-five-years-ago.md) _Context: Myanmar's president's office, Thein Sein_
3. [The President of Myanmar Thein Sein declares a state of emergency in four regions, Chin State, Magwe Region, Sagaing Region and Rakhine State, after floods kill at least 27 people. ](/news/2015/08/1/the-president-of-myanmar-thein-sein-declares-a-state-of-emergency-in-four-regions-chin-state-magwe-region-sagaing-region-and-rakhine-stat.md) _Context: Myanmar's president's office, Thein Sein_
4. [The President of Myanmar Thein Sein visits the White House as part of his visit to the United States, the first by a Burmese head of state in 47 years. ](/news/2013/05/20/the-president-of-myanmar-thein-sein-visits-the-white-house-as-part-of-his-visit-to-the-united-states-the-first-by-a-burmese-head-of-state-i.md) _Context: Myanmar's president's office, Thein Sein_
5. [Myanmar state television announces that President Thein Sein will make the first official visit to the United States, the first by a leader of that country in nearly fifty years. ](/news/2013/05/13/myanmar-state-television-announces-that-president-thein-sein-will-make-the-first-official-visit-to-the-united-states-the-first-by-a-leader.md) _Context: Myanmar's president's office, Thein Sein_
6. [President of Myanmar Thein Sein grants amnesty to 93 prisoners. Some prisoners are reported as prisoners of conscience and political prisoners. ](/news/2013/04/23/president-of-myanmar-thein-sein-grants-amnesty-to-93-prisoners-some-prisoners-are-reported-as-prisoners-of-conscience-and-political-prisone.md) _Context: Myanmar's president's office, Thein Sein_
7. [Rohingya protests. Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak leads a protest rally against the persecution of Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority in the predominately Buddhist country, and calls on Myanmar State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi and the United Nations to address the Rohingya's plight and end the violence. Myanmar's president's office said the rally is timed for Malaysian political purposes, and that Malaysia should respect the Association of Southeast Asian Nations's principle on sovereignty. ](/news/2016/12/4/rohingya-protests-malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-leads-a-protest-rally-against-the-persecution-of-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority.md) _Context: Myanmar's president's office_
8. [Human rights in Myanmar. The President of Myanmar Htin Kyaw pardons 83 political prisoners. A total of 282 people accused of political crimes have been released or had charges dropped since the new National League for Democracy government gained power on April 1. ](/news/2016/04/17/human-rights-in-myanmar-the-president-of-myanmar-htin-kyaw-pardons-83-political-prisoners-a-total-of-282-people-accused-of-political-crime.md) _Context: Myanmar's president's office_
9. [Myanmar general election, 2015. In Myanmar's capital Naypyidaw, Htin Kyaw is sworn in by House Speaker Mahn Win Khaing Than as the first civilian president in 54 years. Htin Kyaw, a close aide to Aung San Suu Kyi, takes power from former general Thein Sein. ](/news/2016/03/30/myanmar-general-election-2015-in-myanmar-s-capital-naypyidaw-htin-kyaw-is-sworn-in-by-house-speaker-mahn-win-khaing-than-as-the-first-civ.md) _Context: Thein Sein_
10. [The Myanmar Assembly of the Union, or parliament, selects Htin Kyaw as the new President. Kyaw, a confidant of Aung San Suu Kyi, will be the first civilian president in decades. Suu Kyi, a Nobel Peace Prize recipient, is constitutionally barred from the office. ](/news/2016/03/15/the-myanmar-assembly-of-the-union-or-parliament-selects-htin-kyaw-as-the-new-president-kyaw-a-confidant-of-aung-san-suu-kyi-will-be-the.md) _Context: Myanmar's president's office_
