### [2016-04-2](/news/2016/04/2/index.md)

# A bombing kills at least five Turkish soldiers and one special forces police officer in the southeastern city of Nusaybin, near the Syria-Turkey border. 

Five soldiers and one special forces police officer have been killed in a bomb attack in south-eastern Turkey blamed on Kurdish rebels, reports say.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-35951793)

### Related:

1. [Two Turkish police officers are killed and at least 14 others including several civilians are injured by a car bomb attack on a police station in the town of Nusaybin, near the Syria-Turkey border. The Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) are blamed for the attack. ](/news/2016/03/4/two-turkish-police-officers-are-killed-and-at-least-14-others-including-several-civilians-are-injured-by-a-car-bomb-attack-on-a-police-stati.md) _Context: Nusaybin, PKK rebellion (2015-present), Syria-Turkey border_
2. [  Three Turkish soldiers are killed and 14 others wounded in an armed attack by Kurdish militants during a military operation in the town of Nusaybin, Turkey. ](/news/2016/05/1/three-turkish-soldiers-are-killed-and-14-others-wounded-in-an-armed-attack-by-kurdish-militants-during-a-military-operation-in-the-town-of.md) _Context: Nusaybin, Turkish_
3. [  Authorities in Turkey arrest three academics on charges of "terrorist propaganda" after they called for an end to security operations in the country's Kurdish-majority southeast. ](/news/2016/03/16/authorities-in-turkey-arrest-three-academics-on-charges-of-terrorist-propaganda-after-they-called-for-an-end-to-security-operations-in-t.md) _Context: PKK rebellion (2015-present), Turkish_
4. [New refugee camps go up near the Syria-Turkey border after Turkey blocks thousands of refugees from entering the country. ](/news/2016/02/8/new-refugee-camps-go-up-near-the-syriaaturkey-border-after-turkey-blocks-thousands-of-refugees-from-entering-the-country.md) _Context: Syria-Turkey border, Turkish_
5. [A Turkish soldier is killed following a clash on the Syria-Turkey border with an armed group trying to enter Turkey illegally. The Turkish military says the clash occurred in the Yayladagi district of the Hatay Province. ](/news/2016/02/15/a-turkish-soldier-is-killed-following-a-clash-on-the-syriaaturkey-border-with-an-armed-group-trying-to-enter-turkey-illegally-the-turkish.md) _Context: Syria-Turkey border, Turkish_
6. [Saudi Arabia is sending troops and fighter jets to Turkey's Incirlik Air Base ahead of a planned ground invasion of Syria. Turkey's Minister of Foreign Affairs Mevlut Cavusoglu confirmed the deployment in Adana near the Syria-Turkey border, but said the numbers had not been confirmed. ](/news/2016/02/13/saudi-arabia-is-sending-troops-and-fighter-jets-to-turkey-s-incirlik-air-base-ahead-of-a-planned-ground-invasion-of-syria-turkey-s-minister.md) _Context: Syria-Turkey border, Turkish_
7. [A rocket fired from ISIL-controlled territory in Syria's Aleppo Governorate, kills at least one person and injures another in the Turkish city of Kilis, close to the Syria-Turkey border. The Turkish military responded with artillery fire on ISIL positions. ](/news/2016/01/18/a-rocket-fired-from-isil-controlled-territory-in-syria-s-aleppo-governorate-kills-at-least-one-person-and-injures-another-in-the-turkish-ci.md) _Context: Syria-Turkey border, Turkish_
8. [Twelve Turkish  academics are detained for signing a declaration opposing military action against Kurdistan Workers Party forces in southeast Turkey. ](/news/2016/01/15/twelve-turkish-academics-are-detained-for-signing-a-declaration-opposing-military-action-against-kurdistan-workers-party-forces-in-southeas.md) _Context: PKK rebellion (2015-present), Turkish_
9. [Turkish security forces kill at least 32 Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) militants over the weekend, in military operations across the embattled Kurdish-majority southeast. ](/news/2016/01/10/turkish-security-forces-kill-at-least-32-kurdistan-workers-party-pkk-militants-over-the-weekend-in-military-operations-across-the-embatt.md) _Context: PKK rebellion (2015-present), Turkish_
10. [Turkey's president Recep Tayyip Erdogan warns Russia not to "play with fire" and says Russia is supporting the "state terrorism" of the Bashar al-Assad regime in Syria that has "killed 380,000 people". Relations between the former Cold War antagonists have been severely damaged after Turkey shot down a Russian Sukhoi Su-24 near the Syria-Turkey border on November 24, 2015. ](/news/2015/11/27/turkey-s-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-warns-russia-not-to-play-with-fire-and-says-russia-is-supporting-the-state-terrorism-of-the-bas.md) _Context: Syria-Turkey border, Turkish_
