### [2016-04-2](/news/2016/04/2/index.md)

# Aftermath of the 2016 Brussels bombings. Police in Brussels, Belgium arrest multiple right-wing and anti-racist protesters, with riot squads engaged in a tense confrontation with local youths in the district of Sint-Jans-Molenbeek. A standoff grew when far-right protesters faced a counter-demonstration, despite protests being banned by local authorities who were fearful of last Sunday's event, in which police forcefully dispersed a right-wing protest with water cannons. 

Belgian police made a series of arrests of right-wing and anti-racist protesters in Brussels on Saturday, and riot squads engaged in a tense confrontation with local youths in the district of Molenbeek.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-belgium-blast-protests-idUSKCN0WZ0MJ)

### Related:

1. [Aftermath of the 2016 Brussels bombings. Police in Brussels, Belgium, forcibly break up an apparent far-right demonstration with water cannons after they joined a crowd of people paying tribute to the victims of the bombings. The demonstrators claim to have marched against terrorism but police intervened when the demonstrators confronted Muslim women and made Nazi salutes. ](/news/2016/03/27/aftermath-of-the-2016-brussels-bombings-police-in-brussels-belgium-forcibly-break-up-an-apparent-far-right-demonstration-with-water-canno.md) _Context: 2016 Brussels bombings, Belgium, Brussels, Police_
2. [Aftermath of the 2016 Brussels bombings. At least 7,000 people take to the streets of Brussels, Belgium, in a march "against terror and hate." However, turnout was less than half of what was hoped for by organizers. ](/news/2016/04/17/aftermath-of-the-2016-brussels-bombings-at-least-7-000-people-take-to-the-streets-of-brussels-belgium-in-a-march-against-terror-and-hate.md) _Context: 2016 Brussels bombings, Belgium, Brussels_
3. [Aftermath of the 2016 Brussels bombings. Belgian Minister of Transportation Jacqueline Galant resigns in the wake of the recent bombings that shook Brussels last March. Galant resigned amid accusations her ministry ignored EU criticism of security at Belgium's airports. ](/news/2016/04/15/aftermath-of-the-2016-brussels-bombings-belgian-minister-of-transportation-jacqueline-galant-resigns-in-the-wake-of-the-recent-bombings-tha.md) _Context: 2016 Brussels bombings, Belgium, Brussels_
4. [ 2016 Brussels bombings. Belgium federal prosecutors say two more men have been charged with terrorist offenses linked to last month's Brussels bombing. Also, three people connected to the last year's Paris attacks are in custody. ](/news/2016/04/12/2016-brussels-bombings-belgium-federal-prosecutors-say-two-more-men-have-been-charged-with-terrorist-offenses-linked-to-last-month-s-bruss.md) _Context: 2016 Brussels bombings, Belgium, Brussels_
5. [Human trafficking in Belgium. A Belgian court condemns a United Arab Emirates princess and her seven daughters to a fine and a suspended sentence, for human trafficking and mistreatment of their servants at a Brussels luxury hotel in 2008. ](/news/2017/06/23/human-trafficking-in-belgium-a-belgian-court-condemns-a-united-arab-emirates-princess-and-her-seven-daughters-to-a-fine-and-a-suspended-sen.md) _Context: Belgium, Brussels_
6. [A power outage plunges the Belgian capital of Brussels into darkness. ](/news/2017/02/9/a-power-outage-plunges-the-belgian-capital-of-brussels-into-darkness.md) _Context: Belgium, Brussels_
7. [Terrorism in the European Union. Twelve people are arrested and three men are subsequently charged with terrorism offences in Belgium after dozens of raids were carried out mainly in the Brussels region. ](/news/2016/06/18/terrorism-in-the-european-union-twelve-people-are-arrested-and-three-men-are-subsequently-charged-with-terrorism-offences-in-belgium-after.md) _Context: Belgium, Brussels_
8. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). NATO foreign ministers, meeting at NATO headquarters in Brussels, Belgium, agree to extend the alliance's Resolute Support Mission, that trains, advises and assists Afghanistan's military beyond 2016. ](/news/2016/05/20/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-nato-foreign-ministers-meeting-at-nato-headquarters-in-brussels-belgium-agree-to-extend-the-alliance.md) _Context: Belgium, Brussels_
9. [2016 Brussels bombings. Mohamed Abrini has reportedly admitted to being the "man in the hat" sought after the Brussels bombings. He is also being charged with involvement in the November 2015 Paris attacks. ](/news/2016/04/9/2016-brussels-bombings-mohamed-abrini-has-reportedly-admitted-to-being-the-man-in-the-hat-sought-after-the-brussels-bombings-he-is-also.md) _Context: 2016 Brussels bombings, Brussels_
10. [European migrant crisis. Enlargement of the European Union. The European Union and Turkey agree on broad principles for a plan to ease the migration crisis which includes returning thousands of migrants to Turkey. For this, the EU will swiftly ease visa requirements for Turks and speed up Ankara's EU accession talks. A final agreement is to be ready for next week's two-day EU summit in Brussels, Belgium. ](/news/2016/03/8/european-migrant-crisis-enlargement-of-the-european-union-the-european-union-and-turkey-agree-on-broad-principles-for-a-plan-to-ease-the-m.md) _Context: Belgium, Brussels_
