### [2016-04-2](/news/2016/04/2/index.md)

# Greece demands an explanation from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) after an apparent leaked transcript suggested the IMF may threaten to pull out of the country's bailout as a tactic to force European lenders to offer more debt relief. Whistleblowing site WikiLeaks published what it said was the transcript of a March 19 conference call of three senior IMF officials discussing tactics to apply pressure on Greece, Germany and the EU to reach a deal in April. 

International Monetary Fund Managing Director Christine Lagarde denied on Sunday that IMF staff would push Greece closer to default as a negotiating tactic on a new Greek bailout deal, which she said was &quot;still a good distance away.&quot;


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-eurozone-greece-idUSKCN0WZ0J6)

### Related:

1. [The Greek bailout program by the European Union ends today with Greece failing to make a payment to the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2015/06/30/the-greek-bailout-program-by-the-european-union-ends-today-with-greece-failing-to-make-a-payment-to-the-international-monetary-fund.md) _Context: European Union, Greece, Greek government-debt crisis, International Monetary Fund_
2. [Germany announces plans to start deporting newly-arrived migrants to Greece starting in March. According to EU's Dublin Regulation, asylum seekers must file for asylum in the member state they arrived in. ](/news/2017/01/12/germany-announces-plans-to-start-deporting-newly-arrived-migrants-to-greece-starting-in-march-according-to-eu-s-dublin-regulation-asylum-s.md) _Context: European Union, Germany, Greece_
3. [Greek voters solidly reject (61.3 percent) the latest austerity proposal of the European Union, the International Monetary Fund and the European Central Bank. ](/news/2015/07/5/greek-voters-solidly-reject-61-3-percent-the-latest-austerity-proposal-of-the-european-union-the-international-monetary-fund-and-the-euro.md) _Context: European Union, Greece, International Monetary Fund_
4. [Greece becomes the first advanced economy to miss a payment to the International Monetary Fund  in the 71-year history of the IMF, unwinding decades of precedent and affecting consequences for the fund's future rescues. ](/news/2015/07/1/greece-becomes-the-first-advanced-economy-to-miss-a-payment-to-the-international-monetary-fund-in-the-71-year-history-of-the-imf-unwinding.md) _Context: Greece, Greek government-debt crisis, International Monetary Fund_
5. [Dominique Strauss-Kahn sex, rape and imprisonment charges:New York City police question International Monetary Fund head Dominique Strauss-Kahn, arrested yesterday, over allegations that he sexually attacked a hotel maid near Times Square. Strauss-Kahn's schedule is threatened with interruption, with a meeting over the bailouts of Portugal and Greece with European Union finance ministers due in Brussels tomorrow. ](/news/2011/05/15/dominique-strauss-kahn-sex-rape-and-imprisonment-charges-pnew-york-city-police-question-international-monetary-fund-head-dominique-strauss.md) _Context: European Union, Greece, International Monetary Fund_
6. [Austerity measures of pay cuts and pension freeze supported by the European Union and  International Monetary Fund (IMF) cause civil servants to stage a 24-hour strike in Greece. ](/news/2010/10/7/austerity-measures-of-pay-cuts-and-pension-freeze-supported-by-the-european-union-and-international-monetary-fund-imf-cause-civil-servant.md) _Context: European Union, Greece, International Monetary Fund_
7. [The European Union and the International Monetary Fund agree to a bailout package for Greece that will provide approximately EUR120 billion to end the sovereign debt crisis in that country. ](/news/2010/05/2/the-european-union-and-the-international-monetary-fund-agree-to-a-bailout-package-for-greece-that-will-provide-approximately-a-120-billion.md) _Context: European Union, Greece, International Monetary Fund_
8. [Standard & Poor's downgrades Greece's sovereign credit rating to junk, four days after the country's government requests the activation of a EUR45-billion EU-IMF bailout. ](/news/2010/04/27/standard-poor-s-downgrades-greece-s-sovereign-credit-rating-to-junk-four-days-after-the-country-s-government-requests-the-activation-of-a.md) _Context: European Union, Greece, International Monetary Fund_
9. [The European Union and Germany deny a report of a 20-25 billion euro (PS22 billion) aid plan for Greece, and Athens pledge again to take new steps if needed to keep tough deficit-cutting plans on target. ](/news/2010/02/22/the-european-union-and-germany-deny-a-report-of-a-20-25-billion-euro-aps22-billion-aid-plan-for-greece-and-athens-pledge-again-to-take-new.md) _Context: European Union, Germany, Greece_
10. [Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-berlin-to-discuss-the-consequences-of-the-united-kin.md) _Context: European Union, Germany_
