### [2016-04-2](/news/2016/04/2/index.md)

# In the United States, a Lancair IV plane crashes into a car stopped along a highway, 50 miles north of San Diego, California, killing car passenger Antoinette "Toni" Frances Isbelle, a member of the WFTDA's San Diego Starlettes roller derby team. Five others, including the pilot, are hospitalized. 

A small plane landed on northbound Interstate 15 in Fallbrook Saturday morning and slammed into the back of a car, killing a woman in the car’s backseat and injuring five others, including the pilot, officials said.


### Source:

1. [New York Daily News](http://www.nydailynews.com/news/national/1-dead-small-plane-crashes-car-calif-freeway-article-1.2586351)
2. [The San Diego Union Tribune](http://www.sandiegouniontribune.com/news/2016/apr/02/crash-airplane-car-interstae-fallbrook/)
2. [Cover Image](http://www.trbimg.com/img-57bb45f7/turbine/sdut-crash-airplane-car-interstae-fallbrook-2016apr02)

### Related:

1. [California and San Francisco sue the United States Federal government over its opposition towards sanctuary cities. ](/news/2017/08/14/california-and-san-francisco-sue-the-united-states-federal-government-over-its-opposition-towards-sanctuary-cities.md) _Context: California, United States_
2. [One person is killed and seven are injured in a shooting at a pool party in San Diego, California. The suspect is killed by police. ](/news/2017/04/30/one-person-is-killed-and-seven-are-injured-in-a-shooting-at-a-pool-party-in-san-diego-california-the-suspect-is-killed-by-police.md) _Context: California, San Diego_
3. [The United States test launch a Minuteman III missile from California to the Marshall Islands. ](/news/2017/04/26/the-united-states-test-launch-a-minuteman-iii-missile-from-california-to-the-marshall-islands.md) _Context: California, United States_
4. [A pickup truck hurls off San Diego, California's Coronado Bridge, plummets some 60 feet, and crashes onto a park where hundreds of people had gathered for a motorcycle rally, killing four people in a vendor's booth and injuring eight others. ](/news/2016/10/15/a-pickup-truck-hurls-off-san-diego-california-s-coronado-bridge-plummets-some-60-feet-and-crashes-onto-a-park-where-hundreds-of-people-ha.md) _Context: California, San Diego_
5. [Lake Mead in Mohave County, Arizona, the largest reservoir in the United States, drops to its lowest level in history, declining to its lowest level since it was filled in the 1930s. The reservoir serves water to the states of Arizona, Nevada and California. ](/news/2016/05/21/lake-mead-in-mohave-county-arizona-the-largest-reservoir-in-the-united-states-drops-to-its-lowest-level-in-history-declining-to-its-lowe.md) _Context: California, United States_
6. [Cross Border Xpress, a privately owned and operated airport terminal located in the Otay Mesa suburb of San Diego, California, United States, will open tomorrow with a connecting walkway to Tijuana International Airport in Tijuana, Baja California, Mexico. This facility, the final step of a project first proposed in the early 1990s, will be just the second cross-border airport in the world. U.S. Customs will operate a checkpoint on the bridge for those entering the country. ](/news/2015/12/8/cross-border-xpress-a-privately-owned-and-operated-airport-terminal-located-in-the-otay-mesa-suburb-of-san-diego-california-united-states.md) _Context: California, San Diego_
7. [U.S. federal health officials are investigating an outbreak of deadly E. coli bacteria that has sickened 19 people in California, Colorado, Missouri, Montana, Utah, Virginia, and Washington. Preliminary evidence suggests that rotisserie chicken salad made and sold in Costco Wholesale stores is the likely source. This follows a totally unrelated outbreak earlier this month connected to Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants. Those restaurants have been cleaned, new ingredients ordered, and have been reopened. The Costco E. coli 157 strain, which has caused five people to be hospitalized- two of which developed hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS; which can readily lead to acute renal failure and sepsis), is more dangerous than the Chipotle E. coli 026 strain, though there have been no deaths yet. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-federal-health-officials-are-investigating-an-outbreak-of-deadly-e-coli-bacteria-that-has-sickened-19-people-in-california-colorado.md) _Context: California, United States_
8. [In the United States, the California Labor Commission ruled that a San Francisco Uber driver is a company employee, not a contractor. Uber is appealing this ruling, that would increase the company's costs and liabilities, to the state's court system. A hearing for a class certification of a similar lawsuit against Uber is scheduled for August 2015. ](/news/2015/06/17/in-the-united-states-the-california-labor-commission-ruled-that-a-san-francisco-uber-driver-is-a-company-employee-not-a-contractor-uber-i.md) _Context: California, United States_
9. [Health authorities in the United States say that 53 people in nine states have been sickened in a salmonella outbreak. California is the worst affected state with 31 cases with the other states with cases include Arizona, Illinois, Mississippi, New Mexico, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin. ](/news/2015/05/21/health-authorities-in-the-united-states-say-that-53-people-in-nine-states-have-been-sickened-in-a-salmonella-outbreak-california-is-the-wor.md) _Context: California, United States_
10. [Kevin Faulconer is elected as Mayor of San Diego, California. ](/news/2014/02/11/kevin-faulconer-is-elected-as-mayor-of-san-diego-california.md) _Context: California, San Diego_
