### [2016-04-2](/news/2016/04/2/index.md)

# Iraqi security forces free a large number of prisoners from an underground ISIL-operated jail in the city of Hit. Malallah al-Obeidi, a local official in the Al Anbar Governorate, put the number of freed prisoners at around 1,500, saying most of them were civilians. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Al Arabiya](http://english.alarabiya.net/en/News/middle-east/2016/04/03/Iraq-forces-free-prisoners-from-underground-ISIS-jail-officials.html)

### Related:

1. [The Iraqi Army recaptures the western town of Hit, Al Anbar Governorate, after driving out hundreds of ISIL militants. ](/news/2016/04/8/the-iraqi-army-recaptures-the-western-town-of-ha-t-al-anbar-governorate-after-driving-out-hundreds-of-isil-militants.md) _Context: Anbar province, Hit, Hit offensive (2016), Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
2. [Iraq's military reports bombing a convoy possibly carrying Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant leader, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi. The group was headed to a meeting in the western Al Anbar Governorate, close to the Syrian border. Eight senior ISIS figures were killed, but al-Baghdadi did not appear to be among them according to Iraqi officials. ](/news/2015/10/11/iraq-s-military-reports-bombing-a-convoy-possibly-carrying-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-the-group-was.md) _Context: Anbar province, Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
3. [The pro-government Popular Mobilization Forces militia takes control of the mostly destroyed ancient city of Hatra in Iraq's Nineveh Governorate, following clashes with ISIL, who seized the ruins in 2014. ](/news/2017/04/26/the-pro-government-popular-mobilization-forces-militia-takes-control-of-the-mostly-destroyed-ancient-city-of-hatra-in-iraq-s-nineveh-governo.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
4. [An Iraqi airstrike near Al Qaim, Anbar province, Iraq, kills Ayad al-Jumaili, believed to be ISIL's second-in-command. ](/news/2017/04/1/an-iraqi-airstrike-near-al-qaim-anbar-province-iraq-kills-ayad-al-jumaili-believed-to-be-isil-s-second-in-command.md) _Context: Anbar province, Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [At least 80 Shia pilgrims are killed in a truck bomb attack in Iraq. Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/11/24/at-least-80-shia-pilgrims-are-killed-in-a-truck-bomb-attack-in-iraq-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [Attacks targeting a Shi'ite Muslim gathering, a police check-point, and the family of an anti-Islamic State Sunni paramilitary leader, kill at least 55 people in Iraq. ](/news/2016/10/15/attacks-targeting-a-shi-ite-muslim-gathering-a-police-check-point-and-the-family-of-an-anti-islamic-state-sunni-paramilitary-leader-kill.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [Islamic State militants attack two gas facilities northwest of Kirkuk in northern Iraq, killing at least five people and wounding six policemen. Three assailants detonated their explosive vests and a fourth was killed in clash with security forces. ](/news/2016/07/31/islamic-state-militants-attack-two-gas-facilities-northwest-of-kirkuk-in-northern-iraq-killing-at-least-five-people-and-wounding-six-police.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [A suicide bomber kills at least 60 people and wounds 70 others after ramming his explosives-laden truck into a security checkpoint at one of the entrances to the Iraqi city of Hillah, south of Baghdad. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/03/6/a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-60-people-and-wounds-70-others-after-ramming-his-explosives-laden-truck-into-a-security-checkpoint-at-one-of.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [At least 30 people are killed in a suicide attack on a football stadium south of Baghdad, Iraq. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for attack. ](/news/2016/03/25/at-least-30-people-are-killed-in-a-suicide-attack-on-a-football-stadium-south-of-baghdad-iraq-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-cla.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant fire mortars containing an unidentified chemical agent killing one and injuring 600 in Taza Khurmatu, Iraq. ](/news/2016/03/12/the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-fire-mortars-containing-an-unidentified-chemical-agent-killing-one-and-injuring-600-in-taza-khurmat.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
