### [2016-04-2](/news/2016/04/2/index.md)

# The United States Air Force sends 12 F-15C Eagles and 350 personnel to Iceland and the Netherlands to deter further Russian aggression in Europe. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2016/04/02/politics/f-15s-deployed-to-iceland-and-netherlands/index.html)

### Related:

1. [U.S. General Curtis Scaparrotti, the incoming head of the United States military forces in Europe, says he supports a permanent brigade-sized presence of U.S. combat troops in Eastern Europe to deter Russia's expanded and assertive actions. ](/news/2016/04/22/u-s-general-curtis-scaparrotti-the-incoming-head-of-the-united-states-military-forces-in-europe-says-he-supports-a-permanent-brigade-size.md) _Context: Europe, NATO-Russia relations, Russia_
2. [Avian flu virus H5N8 outbreaks are reported in birds in India, Germany, Finland, Ireland, the Netherlands, and several other European nations. The World Health Organization advised on 17 November that human infection is possible, but unlikely, based on information available. ](/news/2016/11/26/avian-flu-virus-h5n8-outbreaks-are-reported-in-birds-in-india-germany-finland-ireland-the-netherlands-and-several-other-european-nation.md) _Context: Europe, Netherlands_
3. [Russia deploys its S-400 missile system in Kaliningrad, an exclave between Poland and Lithuania, in response to "NATO expansion" near its borders. The United States criticizes the move as "destabilizing" to Europe. Russia announced the planned deployment over a decade ago. ](/news/2016/11/21/russia-deploys-its-s-400-missile-system-in-kaliningrad-an-exclave-between-poland-and-lithuania-in-response-to-nato-expansion-near-its-bo.md) _Context: NATO-Russia relations, Russia_
4. [Russia withdraws a request to refuel three of its warships, including the flagship of the Russian Navy, "Admiral Kuznetsov", en route to Syria, at the Spanish port of Ceuta following NATO pressure on the Spanish government to not allow the warships to dock. ](/news/2016/10/26/russia-withdraws-a-request-to-refuel-three-of-its-warships-including-the-flagship-of-the-russian-navy-admiral-kuznetsov-en-route-to-syr.md) _Context: NATO-Russia relations, Russia_
5. [NATO announces it will hold a meeting of the NATO-Russia Council at the ambassadorial level at NATO headquarters in Brussels in the next two weeks after a two-year break since NATO cut all practical cooperation with Russia in 2014. ](/news/2016/04/8/nato-announces-it-will-hold-a-meeting-of-the-natoarussia-council-at-the-ambassadorial-level-at-nato-headquarters-in-brussels-in-the-next-t.md) _Context: NATO-Russia relations, Russia_
6. [Russia says it intercepted a U.S. Air Force plane approaching its border over the Baltic Sea on Friday because the aircraft had turned off its transponder which is needed for identification. The Pentagon says the U.S. RC-135 was flying a routine route in international airspace when the Russian SU-27 fighter intercepted it in an "unsafe and unprofessional" way. ](/news/2016/04/30/russia-says-it-intercepted-a-u-s-air-force-plane-approaching-its-border-over-the-baltic-sea-on-friday-because-the-aircraft-had-turned-off-i.md) _Context: Air Force, Russia_
7. [The United States Air Force lands two of its most advanced fighter jets in Lithuania for the first time in a show of support for the Baltic states which have become worried about Russia's actions in Ukraine. ](/news/2016/04/29/the-united-states-air-force-lands-two-of-its-most-advanced-fighter-jets-in-lithuania-for-the-first-time-in-a-show-of-support-for-the-baltic.md) _Context: Air Force, Russia_
8. [NATO reopens informal talks with Russia for the first time in nearly two years. According to the Secretary General of NATO Jens Stoltenberg "NATO and Russia have profound and persistent disagreements, today's meeting did not change that." ](/news/2016/04/20/nato-reopens-informal-talks-with-russia-for-the-first-time-in-nearly-two-years-according-to-the-secretary-general-of-nato-jens-stoltenberg.md) _Context: NATO-Russia relations, Russia_
9. [A Russian Su-27 jet intercepts a United States Air Force RC-135 reconnaissance plane while in international airspace over the Baltic Sea. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry says, "We condemn this kind of behavior. It is reckless. It is provocative. It is dangerous." ](/news/2016/04/17/a-russian-su-27-jet-intercepts-a-united-states-air-force-rc-135-reconnaissance-plane-while-in-international-airspace-over-the-baltic-sea-u.md) _Context: Air Force, Russia_
10. [A United States Air Force Boeing RC-135 reconnaissance aircraft was intercepted and threatened by a Russian Sukhoi Su-27 fighter jet in international airspace over the Baltic Sea on Thursday (April 14), according to the United States European Command (EUCOM). ](/news/2016/04/16/a-united-states-air-force-boeing-rc-135-reconnaissance-aircraft-was-intercepted-and-threatened-by-a-russian-sukhoi-su-27-fighter-jet-in-inte.md) _Context: Air Force, Russia_
