### [2016-04-2](/news/2016/04/2/index.md)

# The Republican National Committeeman for North Dakota, Curly Haugland, says that the likelihood for outsiders such as Donald Trump to get state electoral votes are slim as the party honor its own elders. 




### Source:

1. [Politico](http://www.politico.com/story/2016/04/donald-trump-delegates-north-dakota-gop-221480#ixzz44cAleGHk)

### Related:

1. [Candidate Donald Trump says he will no longer honor his pledge to support the eventual Republican Party pick for president because, "I have been treated very unfairly." ](/news/2016/03/29/candidate-donald-trump-says-he-will-no-longer-honor-his-pledge-to-support-the-eventual-republican-party-pick-for-president-because-i-have.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Donald Trump's, Republican Party presidential candidates, 2016_
2. [U.S. President Donald Trump accuses former President Barack Obama of wiretapping Trump Tower the month before the 2016 presidential election but offers no evidence to support his claim. A spokesman for President Obama rejects these claims. ](/news/2017/03/4/u-s-president-donald-trump-accuses-former-president-barack-obama-of-wiretapping-trump-tower-the-month-before-the-2016-presidential-election.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Donald Trump's_
3. [United States President Donald Trump announces that he intends to seek an investigation into possible voter fraud from last year's election. ](/news/2017/01/25/united-states-president-donald-trump-announces-that-he-intends-to-seek-an-investigation-into-possible-voter-fraud-from-last-year-s-election.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Donald Trump's_
4. [The CIA has concluded that Russia actively tried to help Donald Trump win the 2016 U.S. presidential election. ](/news/2016/12/9/the-cia-has-concluded-that-russia-actively-tried-to-help-donald-trump-win-the-2016-u-s-presidential-election.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Donald Trump's_
5. [Amidst a concerted effort to persuade electors to choose another candidate, Donald Trump earns the required Electoral College votes to be selected as the next President of the United States. ](/news/2016/12/19/amidst-a-concerted-effort-to-persuade-electors-to-choose-another-candidate-donald-trump-earns-the-required-electoral-college-votes-to-be-se.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Donald Trump's_
6. [United States presidential election and general elections, 2016Although he lost the popular vote, Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for the 2016 presidential election, becomes the president-elect of the United States after defeating Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee in the electoral college. It is the fifth time in United States history where the winning candidate lost the popular vote, the last such defeat occurring in 2000.The Republican Party retains control of the House and Senate. ](/news/2016/11/9/united-states-presidential-election-and-general-elections-2016palthough-he-lost-the-popular-vote-donald-trump-the-republican-nominee-for.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Donald Trump's_
7. [Voters in the United States go to the polls for a range of federal, state and local elections, including the highly publicized presidential election between major party nominees Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/11/8/voters-in-the-united-states-go-to-the-polls-for-a-range-of-federal-state-and-local-elections-including-the-highly-publicized-presidential.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Donald Trump's_
8. [President-elect Donald Trump is declared as the winner in Michigan, causing his electoral college vote to rise to 306. Hillary Clinton's margin in the popular vote rises to over two million. ](/news/2016/11/28/president-elect-donald-trump-is-declared-as-the-winner-in-michigan-causing-his-electoral-college-vote-to-rise-to-306-hillary-clinton-s-mar.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Donald Trump's_
9. [Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe becomes the first foreign head of government to meet President-elect of the United States Donald Trump since his election as President on November 8.  ](/news/2016/11/17/japanese-prime-minister-shinza-abe-becomes-the-first-foreign-head-of-government-to-meet-president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-s.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Donald Trump's_
10. [Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump hold the second presidential debate of the 2016 U.S. presidential election at Washington University in St. Louis, Missouri, in a "town meeting" format. ](/news/2016/10/9/hillary-clinton-and-donald-trump-hold-the-second-presidential-debate-of-the-2016-u-s-presidential-election-at-washington-university-in-st.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Donald Trump's_
