### [2016-04-2](/news/2016/04/2/index.md)

# The Saudi-owned news channel Al Arabiya shuts its offices in Beirut, Lebanon and dismisses 27 employees in a sudden move reflecting tensions between Saudi Arabia and Lebanon-based Hezbollah, which is backed by Iran. Saudi Arabia interpreted Lebanon's lack of public solidarity as a sign that it had become beholden to Hezbollah. 




### Source:

1. [Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty](http://www.rferl.org/content/saudi-owned-al-arabiya-television-shuts-beirut-office-reflecting-saudi-iran-tensions/27649781.html)

### Related:

1. [The United Arab Emirates (UAE) bans its citizens from traveling to Lebanon, just hours after Saudi Arabia issued a warning to its citizens to leave Lebanon in retaliation for Lebanon choosing to side with Iran in the Iran-Saudi Arabia proxy conflict and Hezbollah's influence on the Lebanese government. ](/news/2016/02/23/the-united-arab-emirates-uae-bans-its-citizens-from-traveling-to-lebanon-just-hours-after-saudi-arabia-issued-a-warning-to-its-citizens-t.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Iran, Lebanon, Saudi Arabia_
2. [ The Kuwaiti newspaper "A-Siasa" reports that Palestinian and international terrorist organizations have decided at a recent Beirut conference to launch a wave of terror attacks against Israeli and Jewish interests worldwide. According to the report, there will also be similar attacks against coalition troops in Iraq and Afghanistan. The conference, which took place at the start of February, was also said to have been attended by senior members of the Syrian, Lebanese and Iranian intelligence services who presented a list of Israeli intelligence officials to be assassinated. Organizations in attendance included: Al-Qaeda, Ansar al-Islam, Hezbollah, Hamas, Islamic Jihad. ](/news/2004/02/19/the-kuwaiti-newspaper-a-siasa-reports-that-palestinian-and-international-terrorist-organizations-have-decided-at-a-recent-beirut-conferen.md) _Context: Beirut, Hezbollah, Iran, Lebanon_
3. [The United States Supreme Court rules that almost $2 billion in frozen Iranian assets must be turned over to American families of people killed in attacks blamed on Iran, including the 1983 bombing of a U.S. Marine Corps barracks in Beirut, Lebanon. ](/news/2016/04/20/the-united-states-supreme-court-rules-that-almost-2-billion-in-frozen-iranian-assets-must-be-turned-over-to-american-families-of-people-kil.md) _Context: Beirut, Iran, Lebanon_
4. [The Gulf Cooperation Council formally designates Lebanon's Hezbollah militia a terrorist organization. The GCC member states are Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates. ](/news/2016/03/2/the-gulf-cooperation-council-formally-designates-lebanon-s-hezbollah-militia-a-terrorist-organization-the-gcc-member-states-are-bahrain-ku.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Saudi Arabia_
5. [Bahrain says it has dismantled a terrorist cell allegedly linked to Iran's Revolutionary Guard and Lebanon's Hezbollah. ](/news/2016/01/6/bahrain-says-it-has-dismantled-a-terrorist-cell-allegedly-linked-to-iran-s-revolutionary-guard-and-lebanon-s-hezbollah.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Iran, Lebanon_
6. [Lebanese Interior Minister Nouhad Machnouk reports at least 43 people were killed and more than 239 wounded as two, simultaneous suicide bomb blasts hit a Shi'ite community center and a nearby bakery in the Beirut suburb of Bourj el-Barajneh, a section of the Lebanese capital controlled by Hezbollah. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. Machnouk said a third suicide bomber had been killed by one of the explosions before he could detonate his own bomb. The bombers struck as Lebanese lawmakers held a legislative session for the first time in over a year. ](/news/2015/11/12/lebanese-interior-minister-nouhad-machnouk-reports-at-least-43-people-were-killed-and-more-than-239-wounded-as-two-simultaneous-suicide-bom.md) _Context: Beirut, Hezbollah, Lebanon_
7. [A bomb detonates at a Hezbollah building in Beirut, Lebanon killing 4 people and wounding 35. ](/news/2014/01/21/a-bomb-detonates-at-a-hezbollah-building-in-beirut-lebanon-killing-4-people-and-wounding-35.md) _Context: Beirut, Hezbollah, Lebanon_
8. [Two suicide bombers target the Iranian embassy in the Lebanese capital Beirut killing at least 23 people. ](/news/2013/11/19/two-suicide-bombers-target-the-iranian-embassy-in-the-lebanese-capital-beirut-killing-at-least-23-people.md) _Context: Beirut, Iran, Lebanon_
9. [A Lebanese man protesting against Hezbollah's role in the Syrian civil war is shot dead outside the Iranian embassy in Beirut. ](/news/2013/06/9/a-lebanese-man-protesting-against-hezbollah-s-role-in-the-syrian-civil-war-is-shot-dead-outside-the-iranian-embassy-in-beirut.md) _Context: Beirut, Hezbollah, Lebanon_
10. [Friends of Syria calls on Iran and its Lebanese ally Hezbollah to withdraw from Syrian territory. ](/news/2013/05/23/friends-of-syria-calls-on-iran-and-its-lebanese-ally-hezbollah-to-withdraw-from-syrian-territory.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Iran, Lebanon_
