### [2008-03-19](/news/2008/03/19/index.md)

#  Foreign Minister of Russia Sergey Lavrov states that "the Albanians in Macedonia have already made demands that they be granted such autonomy...which could be seen as a move towards independence." The Foreign Ministry also linked the events in Tibet with the declaration of independence by Kosovo, showing a growing movement of groups seeking independence. 




### Source:

1. [Makfax](http://makfax.com.mk/look/novina/article.tpl?IdLanguage=1&IdPublication=2&NrArticle=105436&NrIssue=611&NrSection=10&search_x=10&search_y=2)
2. [Ria Novosti](http://en.rian.ru/russia/20080318/101564953.html)

### Related:

1. [Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War: Sergey Lavrov, the Foreign Minister of Russia, says that Russia's bombing campaign will continue until terrorist organisations like ISIL and Jabhat al-Nusra are defeated; the Syrian opposition's High Negotiations Committee has voiced outrage at an ongoing government offensive backed by Russian air power and called for a halt to air strikes against civilians, among other demands. ](/news/2016/02/3/russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-sergey-lavrov-the-foreign-minister-of-russia-says-that-russia-s-bombing-campaign-wi.md) _Context: Foreign Minister of Russia, Sergey Lavrov_
2. [2014 Crimean crisis:: Sergey Lavrov, the Foreign Minister of Russia, says that Russia has no intention of invading Ukraine. ](/news/2014/03/29/2014-crimean-crisis-sergey-lavrov-the-foreign-minister-of-russia-says-that-russia-has-no-intention-of-invading-ukraine.md) _Context: Foreign Minister of Russia, Sergey Lavrov_
3. [2011-2012 Syrian uprising: Sergey Lavrov, the Foreign Minister of Russia, visits Damascus to hold discussions with the President of Syria Bashar al-Assad about the current violence. ](/news/2012/02/7/2011-2012-syrian-uprising-sergey-lavrov-the-foreign-minister-of-russia-visits-damascus-to-hold-discussions-with-the-president-of-syria-ba.md) _Context: Foreign Minister of Russia, Sergey Lavrov_
4. [2017 storming of Macedonian Parliament: The Macedonian Parliament is stormed by protesters opposing the election of Talat Xhaferi, an ethnic Albanian, as Speaker of the Assembly. ](/news/2017/04/27/2017-storming-of-macedonian-parliament-the-macedonian-parliament-is-stormed-by-protesters-opposing-the-election-of-talat-xhaferi-an-ethnic.md) _Context: ethnic Albanian_
5. [Battle of Aleppo: Aleppo offensive (November-December 2016): Russia and the United States will continue talks on Aleppo after talks between the U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov. ](/news/2016/12/9/battle-of-aleppo-aleppo-offensive-november-december-2016-russia-and-the-united-states-will-continue-talks-on-aleppo-after-talks-betwee.md) _Context: Sergey Lavrov_
6. [Russia-United States relations: After 35 Russian diplomats are expelled from the United States, Russia's foreign minister Sergey Lavrov recommends expelling 35 American diplomats. Russian President Vladimir Putin rejects Lavrov's recommendation and expresses a desire to restore relations between the two countries. ](/news/2016/12/30/russia-united-states-relations-after-35-russian-diplomats-are-expelled-from-the-united-states-russia-s-foreign-minister-sergey-lavrov-re.md) _Context: Sergey Lavrov_
7. [Russia-United States relations, Syrian peace process: War in Donbass: U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry leaves for Moscow for talks on Syria and Ukraine with Russian President Vladimir Putin and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on Wednesday. Kerry is also expected to discuss the case of Ukrainian pilot Nadiya Savchenko, who today was sentenced to 22 years in prison in the city of Donetsk. ](/news/2016/03/22/russia-united-states-relations-syrian-peace-process-war-in-donbass-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-leaves-for-moscow-for-talks-on-sy.md) _Context: Sergey Lavrov_
8. [Syrian Civil War peace process: U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry says a tentative ceasefire agreement reached with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov is now being presented to the opposing forces. ](/news/2016/02/21/syrian-civil-war-peace-process-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-says-a-tentative-ceasefire-agreement-reached-with-russian-foreign-ministe.md) _Context: Sergey Lavrov_
9. [Syrian Civil War: Russian involvement in the Syrian Civil War: Two shells hit the Russian embassy in Syria's capital Damascus, as hundreds of pro-government supporters rallied outside in support of Russian airstrikes. Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov described the shelling as "a terrorist act." ](/news/2015/10/13/syrian-civil-war-russian-involvement-in-the-syrian-civil-war-two-shells-hit-the-russian-embassy-in-syria-s-capital-damascus-as-hundreds-o.md) _Context: Sergey Lavrov_
10. [Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov says that Russia now formally recognizes Petro Poroshenko as the legitimate President of Ukraine in the hope that Poroshenko will "live up to Russia's trust." ](/news/2014/08/25/russian-foreign-minister-sergey-lavrov-says-that-russia-now-formally-recognizes-petro-poroshenko-as-the-legitimate-president-of-ukraine-in-t.md) _Context: Sergey Lavrov_
