### [2013-07-26](/news/2013/07/26/index.md)

# Ariel Castro, a 53-year-old man charged with the kidnappings of three women from Cleveland, Ohio, between 2002 and 2004, is sentenced to life imprisonment without the possibility of parole after accepting a plea deal with prosecutors. 

Ariel Castro agrees to plead guilty to raping and holding three women captive for about a decade in his Ohio home and will serve life in prison.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-23468222)

### Related:

1. [Ariel Castro is sentenced to life plus a thousand years for kidnapping three women and holding them hostage for a decade in Cleveland, Ohio. ](/news/2013/08/1/ariel-castro-is-sentenced-to-life-plus-a-thousand-years-for-kidnapping-three-women-and-holding-them-hostage-for-a-decade-in-cleveland-ohio.md) _Context: Cleveland, Cleveland, Ohio kidnapper, Ohio_
2. [Shooting of Robert Godwin: The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/shooting-of-robert-godwin-the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-ex.md) _Context: Cleveland, Ohio_
3. [United States presidential election, 2016: The 2016 Republican National Convention gets underway in Cleveland, Ohio. With the day's theme being national and local security, notable speakers include reality television star Willie Robertson, actor Scott Baio, former Governor of Texas Rick Perry, former Mayor of New York City Rudy Giuliani, Milwaukee County sheriff David Clarke, retired United States Army lieutenant general Michael T. Flynn and Melania Trump, wife of presumptive Republican nominee for President of the United States Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/07/18/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-2016-republican-national-convention-gets-underway-in-cleveland-ohio-with-the-day-s-theme-be.md) _Context: Cleveland, Ohio_
4. [Shooting of Tamir Rice: The U.S. city of Cleveland, Ohio, agrees to pay $6 million to settle a wrongful death civil rights lawsuit brought by the family of Tamir Rice. Rice was a 12-year-old boy who was walking outside a recreation center holding an air pellet gun when he was shot and killed by a Cleveland Police officer on November 22, 2014. Prosecutor Tim McGinty reported in December 2015 that an Ohio grand jury decided not to indict the police officers. ](/news/2016/04/25/shooting-of-tamir-rice-the-u-s-city-of-cleveland-ohio-agrees-to-pay-6-million-to-settle-a-wrongful-death-civil-rights-lawsuit-brought-b.md) _Context: Cleveland, Ohio_
5. [The United States Secret Service says only law enforcement officers will be allowed to have guns inside the Republican National Convention to be held in the Cleveland, Ohio, arena on July 18-21, 2016; responding to an online petition demanding Quicken Loans Arena revoke its ban on open carrying of firearms. ](/news/2016/03/28/the-united-states-secret-service-says-only-law-enforcement-officers-will-be-allowed-to-have-guns-inside-the-republican-national-convention-t.md) _Context: Cleveland, Ohio_
6. [Three women missing for more than a decade are found alive in the U.S. city of Cleveland, Ohio, while a 52-year-old man, Ariel Castro, is taken into custody. ](/news/2013/05/6/three-women-missing-for-more-than-a-decade-are-found-alive-in-the-u-s-city-of-cleveland-ohio-while-a-52-year-old-man-ariel-castro-is-ta.md) _Context: Cleveland, Ohio_
7. [Four people are shot and one killed after a George Clinton concert in the US city of Cleveland, Ohio. ](/news/2011/07/30/four-people-are-shot-and-one-killed-after-a-george-clinton-concert-in-the-us-city-of-cleveland-ohio.md) _Context: Cleveland, Ohio_
8. [ A 14-year-old high school student goes on a shooting rampage in Cleveland, Ohio, wounding two teachers and two students before his death. ](/news/2007/10/10/a-14-year-old-high-school-student-goes-on-a-shooting-rampage-in-cleveland-ohio-wounding-two-teachers-and-two-students-before-his-death.md) _Context: Cleveland, Ohio_
9. [Terrorism in the United States: ISIL supporter, Terrence J. McNeil, of Akron, Ohio, pleads guilty to five counts of soliciting to commit criminal violence and communicating interstate threats in calls to kill U.S. military personnel. He is scheduled to be sentenced in August and faces up to 20 years in prison.](/news/2017/04/20/terrorism-in-the-united-states-isil-supporter-terrence-j-mcneil-of-akron-ohio-pleads-guilty-to-five-counts-of-soliciting-to-commit-cri.md) _Context: Ohio_
10. [Shooting of Robert Godwin: Cleveland police search for a suspect identified in a Facebook video showing one man shooting an elderly man. ](/news/2017/04/16/shooting-of-robert-godwin-cleveland-police-search-for-a-suspect-identified-in-a-facebook-video-showing-one-man-shooting-an-elderly-man.md) _Context: Cleveland_
