### [2012-11-19](/news/2012/11/19/index.md)

# Barack Obama becomes the first sitting US President to visit Burma, meeting both Burmese President Thein Sein and National League for Democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi. 

Burma is on a &quot;remarkable journey&quot; of reform that has further to go, Barack Obama says as he makes the first visit by a serving US president.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-20386066)

### Related:

1. [ U.S. President Barack Obama becomes the first U.S. President to meet with Burma's military government, calling for the release of Aung San Suu Kyi and other political prisoners. ](/news/2009/11/15/u-s-president-barack-obama-becomes-the-first-u-s-president-to-meet-with-burma-s-military-government-calling-for-the-release-of-aung-san.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Barack Obama, Burma, president_
2. [ Burma's Prime Minister Thein Sein tells the 15th ASEAN summit his government is prepared to relax the house arrest on National League for Democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi. ](/news/2009/10/24/burma-s-prime-minister-thein-sein-tells-the-15th-asean-summit-his-government-is-prepared-to-relax-the-house-arrest-on-national-league-for-d.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Burma, National League for Democracy, Thein Sein_
3. [Myanmar general election, 2015. Myanmar's democracy icon Aung San Suu Kyi discusses the smooth transfer of power to her National League for Democracy (NLD) party with President Thein Sein, their first public meeting since the November election. The new administration will be sworn in early next year. ](/news/2015/12/2/myanmar-general-election-2015-myanmar-s-democracy-icon-aung-san-suu-kyi-discusses-the-smooth-transfer-of-power-to-her-national-league-for.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, National League for Democracy, Thein Sein_
4. [Myanmar general election, 2015. Myanmar president Thein Sein says his government and the military, which gave up power only five years ago, will respect the results of Sunday's historic elections that are expected to be won by opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi's NLD party. ](/news/2015/11/7/myanmar-general-election-2015-myanmar-president-thein-sein-says-his-government-and-the-military-which-gave-up-power-only-five-years-ago.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, National League for Democracy, Thein Sein_
5. [Major political parties in Myanmar hold a meeting about the upcoming Burmese general election, 2015 which included Thein Sein's Union Solidarity and Development Party and Aung San Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy. ](/news/2014/10/31/major-political-parties-in-myanmar-hold-a-meeting-about-the-upcoming-burmese-general-election-2015-which-included-thein-sein-s-union-solida.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, National League for Democracy, Thein Sein_
6. [The Burmese National League for Democracy reelects Aung San Suu Kyi as its leader. ](/news/2013/03/10/the-burmese-national-league-for-democracy-reelects-aung-san-suu-kyi-as-its-leader.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Burma, National League for Democracy_
7. [ U.S. President Barack Obama announces his intention to visit Burma later this month, which would make him the first U.S. President to visit the country. ](/news/2012/11/8/u-s-president-barack-obama-announces-his-intention-to-visit-burma-later-this-month-which-would-make-him-the-first-u-s-president-to-visit.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Burma, president_
8. [Aung San Suu Kyi and Thein Sein are ranked first on Foreign Policy-s 2012 Top 100 Global Thinkers list ahead of Moncef Marzouki, Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton. Also, Malala Yousafzai is ranked sixth behind Bill Gates and Melinda Gates, but ahead of Barack Obama. ](/news/2012/11/27/aung-san-suu-kyi-and-thein-sein-are-ranked-first-on-foreign-policy-s-2012-top-100-global-thinkers-list-ahead-of-moncef-marzouki-bill-clin.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Barack Obama, Thein Sein_
9. [Aung San Suu Kyi, the leader of the National League for Democracy opposition party in Burma and MP for Kawhmu, leaves Yangon for Bangkok, Thailand on her first overseas trip in 22 years. ](/news/2012/05/29/aung-san-suu-kyi-the-leader-of-the-national-league-for-democracy-opposition-party-in-burma-and-mp-for-kawhmu-leaves-yangon-for-bangkok-th.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Burma, National League for Democracy_
10. [Aung San Suu Kyi, leader of the National League for Democracy, is sworn in as a member of the Pyithu Hluttaw, the lower house of the parliament of Burma. ](/news/2012/05/2/aung-san-suu-kyi-leader-of-the-national-league-for-democracy-is-sworn-in-as-a-member-of-the-pyithu-hluttaw-the-lower-house-of-the-parliam.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Burma, National League for Democracy_
