### [2012-11-19](/news/2012/11/19/index.md)

# Indianapolis and Indiana state homeland security and police authorities now say that the $4.4 million explosion in Richmond Hill neighborhood may not be due to gas or a faulty furnace, but may somehow have been an intentional criminal homicide; they are seeking a white van that was seen in that subdivision the day of the blast with a $10,000 reward. 




### Source:

1. [MSN](http://news.msn.com/us/ind-home-explosion-now-homicide-investigation)
2. [The Indianapolis Star](http://www.indystar.com/article/20121119/NEWS/121119040/Authorities-call-Richmond-Hill-explosion-homicide-case-seek-details-white-van?odyssey=tab%7Ctopnews%7Ctext%7CIndyStar.com&nclick_check=1)

### Related:

1. [The American Civil Liberties Union of Indiana sues Indiana Governor Mike Pence over his decision to block Syrian refugees from resettling in the state. The ACLU, on behalf of Indianapolis-based nonprofit Exodus Refugee Immigration, accuses Pence of violating the Equal Protection Clause of the Constitution by accepting refugees from other countries but not those from Syria.  ](/news/2015/11/24/the-american-civil-liberties-union-of-indiana-sues-indiana-governor-mike-pence-over-his-decision-to-block-syrian-refugees-from-resettling-in.md) _Context: Indiana, Indianapolis_
2. [The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-expands-beyond-ohio-with-the.md) _Context: Indiana_
3. [United States President-elect Donald Trump indicates that he will nominate former Indiana senator Dan Coats as Director of National Intelligence. ](/news/2017/01/7/united-states-president-elect-donald-trump-indicates-that-he-will-nominate-former-indiana-senator-dan-coats-as-director-of-national-intellig.md) _Context: Indiana_
4. [President-elect Donald Trump announces that his team has made a deal with Carrier Corporation that would save around 1,000 jobs at an Indiana factory. Carrier had planned to move production from a key factory in that state to Nuevo Leon, Mexico. ](/news/2016/11/30/president-elect-donald-trump-announces-that-his-team-has-made-a-deal-with-carrier-corporation-that-would-save-around-1-000-jobs-at-an-indian.md) _Context: Indiana_
5. [Donald Trump chooses Indiana governor Mike Pence as his vice presidential running mate. ](/news/2016/07/15/donald-trump-chooses-indiana-governor-mike-pence-as-his-vice-presidential-running-mate.md) _Context: Indiana_
6. [Voters in the U.S. state of Indiana head to the polls to vote in Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. ](/news/2016/05/3/voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-indiana-head-to-the-polls-to-vote-in-democratic-and-republican-presidential-primaries.md) _Context: Indiana_
7. [Planned Parenthood and the American Civil Liberties Union sue Indiana stating the U.S. state's new abortion law is unconstitutional because it bans the procedure if sought because of genetic abnormalities. ](/news/2016/04/7/planned-parenthood-and-the-american-civil-liberties-union-sue-indiana-stating-the-u-s-state-s-new-abortion-law-is-unconstitutional-because.md) _Context: Indiana_
8. [The presidential campaigns of Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Governor of Ohio John Kasich announce they will now coordinate strategies to stop fellow Republican Donald Trump from becoming the party's nominee. Cruz's campaign will cut campaigning in Oregon and New Mexico to help Kasich, while the Kasich campaign will give Cruz a "clear path" in Indiana. ](/news/2016/04/25/the-presidential-campaigns-of-texas-senator-ted-cruz-and-governor-of-ohio-john-kasich-announce-they-will-now-coordinate-strategies-to-stop-f.md) _Context: Indiana_
9. [Former Subway pitchman Jared Fogle reaches a plea deal with U.S. federal prosecutors in Indianapolis. Fogle will plead guilty to possessing and distributing child pornography and traveling across state lines to have sex with at least two teenage girls. Under the deal, he will serve from 5 to 121/2 years in prison, and will also pay $1.4 million in restitution to 14 victims. ](/news/2015/08/20/former-subway-pitchman-jared-fogle-reaches-a-plea-deal-with-u-s-federal-prosecutors-in-indianapolis-fogle-will-plead-guilty-to-possessing.md) _Context: Indianapolis_
10. [Following the issuance of a rare High Risk for severe weather (only the fifth documented such case in November and also extending to areas further north than any previous known high risk issued in the November through February timeframe), several midwestern states in the United States are placed under multiple tornado watches, with multiple tornadoes touching down, causing at least four deaths and up to 50 injured in the area; one leveled parts of a suburb of Peoria, Illinois. Around six dozen tornadoes occur in total with activity most concentrated in Illinois and Indiana but extending from Tennessee to Michigan. ''](/news/2013/11/17/following-the-issuance-of-a-rare-high-risk-for-severe-weather-only-the-fifth-documented-such-case-in-november-and-also-extending-to-areas-f.md) _Context: Indiana_
