### [2016-02-6](/news/2016/02/6/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War: Northern Aleppo offensive (2016): The Syrian Army, backed by the Russian Air Force, takes control of the town of Ratyan in the Aleppo Governorate, after defeating Al-Nusra Front and Ahrar ash-Sham fighters. 




### Source:

1. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/2016-02/06/c_135081523.htm)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Army, backed by Russian airstrikes, recaptures the town of Khanasir from ISIL militants in the Aleppo Governorate. ](/news/2016/02/25/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-army-backed-by-russian-airstrikes-recaptures-the-town-of-khanasir-from-isil-militants-in-the-aleppo-governora.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Russian Air Force, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Syrian Civil War: Northern Aleppo offensive (2016): The Kurdish-led Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) reportedly take control of the Menagh Military Airbase in the northern Aleppo Governorate after Ahrar ash-Sham, Levant Front and Free Syrian Army fighters withdraw amid Russian airstrikes. ](/news/2016/02/10/syrian-civil-war-northern-aleppo-offensive-2016-the-kurdish-led-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-reportedly-take-control-of-the-menagh-mil.md) _Context: Ahrar ash-Sham, Aleppo Governorate, Syrian Civil War, government offensive_
3. [Syrian Civil War: Al-Nusra Front's (Al-Qaeda's branch in Syria) leader Abu Suleiman al-Masri is reportedly killed in the Aleppo province during clashes with the Syrian Army. ](/news/2015/10/24/syrian-civil-war-al-nusra-front-s-al-qaeda-s-branch-in-syria-leader-abu-suleiman-al-masri-is-reportedly-killed-in-the-aleppo-province-dur.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War, al-Nusra_
4. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Army captures at least 23 villages in North East Aleppo Governorate from ISIL in a matter of hours after an ISIL withdrawal caused by the SAA capturing Al-Khafsah. ](/news/2017/03/7/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-army-captures-at-least-23-villages-in-north-east-aleppo-governorate-from-isil-in-a-matter-of-hours-after-an-isi.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Army recaptures the strategic town of Tadef from ISIL, south of al-Bab, securing key transportation routes in eastern Aleppo Governorate. ](/news/2017/02/26/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-army-recaptures-the-strategic-town-of-tadef-from-isil-south-of-al-bab-securing-key-transportation-routes-in-e.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian Civil War: Al-Nusra Front militants shoot down a Syrian Arab Air Force Sukhoi Su-22 fighter jet and capture its pilot in the northern Aleppo Governorate. ](/news/2016/04/5/syrian-civil-war-al-nusra-front-militants-shoot-down-a-syrian-arab-air-force-sukhoi-su-22-fighter-jet-and-capture-its-pilot-in-the-northern.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Syrian Civil War, al-Nusra_
7. [Syrian Civil War: According to Russian ambassador to the United Nations Aleksi Borodavkin, the Syrian Army is preparing to launch an offensive against the ISIL strongholds of Al-Raqqah and the countryside around Deir ez-Zor and that the Russian Air Force will be providing the ground campaign with air support. ](/news/2016/04/29/syrian-civil-war-according-to-russian-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-aleksi-borodavkin-the-syrian-army-is-preparing-to-launch-an-offensi.md) _Context: Russian Air Force, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian Civil War: Palmyra offensive (March 2016): Airstrikes by Syrian or Russian warplanes on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah in northern Syria, leaves at least 39 people dead, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. Airstrikes on the city of Palmyra and nearby villages are said to have killed at least 18 ISIL militants, as the Syrian Army advance on the city. ](/news/2016/03/19/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-march-2016-airstrikes-by-syrian-or-russian-warplanes-on-isil-s-de-facto-capital-al-raqqah-in-northern.md) _Context: Russian Air Force, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Army, backed by the Russian Air Force, says it has captured the town of Kinsabba in the northwest Latakia Governorate. ](/news/2016/02/18/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-army-backed-by-the-russian-air-force-says-it-has-captured-the-town-of-kinsabba-in-the-northwest-latakia-gover.md) _Context: Russian Air Force, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian Civil War: Latakia offensive (2015-present): The Syrian Army, backed by Russian airstrikes, retakes control of the strategic town of Salma in the northern Latakia Governorate. The town had been mostly under rebel (FSA) and jihadist (Al-Nusra Front) control since 2012. ](/news/2016/01/12/syrian-civil-war-latakia-offensive-2015-present-the-syrian-army-backed-by-russian-airstrikes-retakes-control-of-the-strategic-town-of.md) _Context: Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War, al-Nusra_
