### [2014-07-14](/news/2014/07/14/index.md)

# 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:A Ukrainian Antonov An-26 military transport plane was shot down near Luhansk where there is currently heavy fighting between Ukrainian forces and separatist rebels. The Ukraine claims that it was shot down by a rocket fired from Russia. 

Contact has been lost with the crew of an An-26 military transport plane in Luhansk region, spokesman for the information and analytical center of the National Security and Defense Council (NSDC) Andriy Lysenko has said.


### Source:

1. [AP via CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/news/world/ukraine-says-plane-shot-down-by-rocket-from-russia-1.2706039)
2. [Interfax](http://en.interfax.com.ua/news/general/213460.html)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/07/14/us-ukraine-crisis-idUSKBN0FJ0R720140714?feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews)

### Related:

1. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:Voters in break away "people's republics" (Donetsk People's Republic and Lugansk People's Republic respectively) in Donetsk and Luhansk go to the polls for parliamentary and presidential elections. Rebel leaders Alexander Zakharchenko (Donetsk) and Igor Plotnisky (Luhansk) appear set for victory in early counting in elections which will be recognised in Russia but not elsewhere. International observers noted a very high turnout. ](/news/2014/11/2/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-pvoters-in-break-away-people-s-republics-donetsk-people-s-republic-and-lugansk-people-s-republic-respe.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Luhansk, Russia_
2. [At the Munich Security Conference, a truce between Russian-backed separatists and the Ukrainian army, per the Minsk Protocol, takes effect Monday. Pending a permanent political agreement, Russian President Vladimir Putin orders that   civil registration documents issued in separatist-held areas of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine be temporarily recognized.  Ukrainian authorities say this violates provisions in the Minsk agreement. This is the third such agreement because the previous two in 2014 and 2015 were violated. Low-level fighting and artillery fire never fully stopped. ](/news/2017/02/18/at-the-munich-security-conference-a-truce-between-russian-backed-separatists-and-the-ukrainian-army-per-the-minsk-protocol-takes-effect-m.md) _Context: Luhansk, Russia_
3. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 17; Dutch-led investigators say Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 was downed over eastern Ukraine in 2014 by a Buk missile that had come from Russia. ](/news/2016/09/28/malaysia-airlines-flight-17-dutch-led-investigators-say-malaysia-airlines-flight-mh17-was-downed-over-eastern-ukraine-in-2014-by-a-buk-miss.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Russia_
4. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: War in Donbass:Ukrainian government forces recapture control of Yasynuvata from pro-Russian insurgents; government troops have now all but encircled the rebels' second-largest stronghold of Luhansk, and rebels declared a "state of siege" in Donetsk. ](/news/2014/08/4/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-war-in-donbass-pukrainian-government-forces-recapture-control-of-yasynuvata-from-pro-russian-insurgents.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Luhansk_
5. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: War in Donbass:The pro-Russian separatists in Donetsk, who are now in great danger of being encircled by the Ukraine government forces, renew their calls for Russia to send troops and arms to their aid. ](/news/2014/08/3/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-war-in-donbass-pthe-pro-russian-separatists-in-donetsk-who-are-now-in-great-danger-of-being-encircled-b.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Russia_
6. [A large skirmish occurs in eastern Ukraine when pro-Russian separatists launch a massive attack on a border control centre near the city of Luhansk; five militants are killed and another eight are wounded, and seven Ukrainian border guards are wounded in the clash.  ](/news/2014/06/2/a-large-skirmish-occurs-in-eastern-ukraine-when-pro-russian-separatists-launch-a-massive-attack-on-a-border-control-centre-near-the-city-of.md) _Context: Luhansk, Russia_
7. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:At least thirty pro-Russian separatists have died in fighting over control of Donetsk International Airport; the Ukrainian government claims to have total control of the airport following the clashes with the separatists. ](/news/2014/05/27/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-pat-least-thirty-pro-russian-separatists-have-died-in-fighting-over-control-of-donetsk-international-airp.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Russia_
8. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:Graham Phillips, a British national and reporter for the Russian TV network RT, is detained in Mariupol by the SBU.  ](/news/2014/05/21/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-pgraham-phillips-a-british-national-and-reporter-for-the-russian-tv-network-rt-is-detained-in-mariupol.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Russia_
9. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:Valery Bolotov, a leader of the separatist movement in the eastern city of Luhansk, is wounded in an assassination attempt by an unknown assailant.  ](/news/2014/05/13/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-pvalery-bolotov-a-leader-of-the-separatist-movement-in-the-eastern-city-of-luhansk-is-wounded-in-an-ass.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Luhansk_
10. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:Pro-Russian insurgents in Donetsk and Luhansk declare the cities independent states whilst on choosing to join Russia after controversial hastily-arranged referendums. ](/news/2014/05/12/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-ppro-russian-insurgents-in-donetsk-and-luhansk-declare-the-cities-independent-states-whilst-on-choosing-t.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Russia_
