### [2014-07-14](/news/2014/07/14/index.md)

# A Ukrainian Antonov An-26 military transport plane was shot down near Luhansk where there is currently heavy fighting between Ukrainian forces and separatist rebels. The Ukraine claims that it was shot down by a rocket fired from Russia. 

Contact has been lost with the crew of an An-26 military transport plane in Luhansk region, spokesman for the information and analytical center of the National Security and Defense Council (NSDC) Andriy Lysenko has said.


### Source:

1. [AP via CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/news/world/ukraine-says-plane-shot-down-by-rocket-from-russia-1.2706039)
2. [Interfax](http://en.interfax.com.ua/news/general/213460.html)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/07/14/us-ukraine-crisis-idUSKBN0FJ0R720140714?feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews)
3. [Cover Image](http://images.interfax.com.ua/img/0207_182741.jpg)

### Related:

1. [At the Munich Security Conference, a truce between Russian-backed separatists and the Ukrainian army, per the Minsk Protocol, takes effect Monday. Pending a permanent political agreement, Russian President Vladimir Putin orders that civil registration documents issued in separatist-held areas of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine be temporarily recognized. Ukrainian authorities say this violates provisions in the Minsk agreement. This is the third such agreement because the previous two in 2014 and 2015 were violated. Low-level fighting and artillery fire never fully stopped. ](/news/2017/02/18/at-the-munich-security-conference-a-truce-between-russian-backed-separatists-and-the-ukrainian-army-per-the-minsk-protocol-takes-effect-m.md) _Context: Luhansk, Russia_
2. [Voters in break away "people's republics" (Donetsk People's Republic and Lugansk People's Republic respectively) in Donetsk and Luhansk go to the polls for parliamentary and presidential elections. Rebel leaders Alexander Zakharchenko (Donetsk) and Igor Plotnisky (Luhansk) appear set for victory in early counting in elections which will be recognised in Russia but not elsewhere. International observers noted a very high turnout. ](/news/2014/11/2/voters-in-break-away-people-s-republics-donetsk-people-s-republic-and-lugansk-people-s-republic-respectively-in-donetsk-and-luhansk-go-t.md) _Context: Luhansk, Russia_
3. [A large skirmish occurs in eastern Ukraine when pro-Russian separatists launch a massive attack on a border control centre near the city of Luhansk; five militants are killed and another eight are wounded, and seven Ukrainian border guards are wounded in the clash. ](/news/2014/06/2/a-large-skirmish-occurs-in-eastern-ukraine-when-pro-russian-separatists-launch-a-massive-attack-on-a-border-control-centre-near-the-city-of.md) _Context: Luhansk, Russia_
4. [Facebook tells congressional investigators an operation, traced to a Russian company seeking to target voters, spent $100,000 on thousands of U.S. ads promoting divisive social and political messages during the 2016 U.S. election. ](/news/2017/09/6/facebook-tells-congressional-investigators-an-operation-traced-to-a-russian-company-seeking-to-target-voters-spent-100-000-on-thousands-o.md) _Context: Russia_
5. [Russian aircraft carries out air strikes on the Christian-majority Qaina and Yaqobia villages, in the western countryside of Idlib, killing a child and injuring 5 others. ](/news/2017/09/27/russian-aircraft-carries-out-air-strikes-on-the-christian-majority-qaina-and-yaqobia-villages-in-the-western-countryside-of-idlib-killing.md) _Context: Russia_
6. [Russia announces it has completed the destruction of all of its chemical weapons under the terms of the Chemical Weapons Convention. ](/news/2017/09/27/russia-announces-it-has-completed-the-destruction-of-all-of-its-chemical-weapons-under-the-terms-of-the-chemical-weapons-convention.md) _Context: Russia_
7. [A Russian lieutenant general, Valery Asapov, is killed by mortar fire from ISIL militants near the city of Deir ez-Zor, according to the Russian Defence Ministry. Asapov has been described as one of the senior Russian military advisers in Syria. ](/news/2017/09/24/a-russian-lieutenant-general-valery-asapov-is-killed-by-mortar-fire-from-isil-militants-near-the-city-of-deir-ez-zor-according-to-the-rus.md) _Context: Russia_
8. [Russian and Syrian warplanes carry out airstrikes in southern Idlib, killing three civilians and wounding others. ](/news/2017/09/21/russian-and-syrian-warplanes-carry-out-airstrikes-in-southern-idlib-killing-three-civilians-and-wounding-others.md) _Context: Russia_
9. [Facebook agrees to disclose ads that ran in the U.S. in 2016 from accounts associated with a Russian entity known as the Internet Research Agency to United States Congressional investigators. Earlier, this information was provided to Special Counsel Robert Mueller. ](/news/2017/09/21/facebook-agrees-to-disclose-ads-that-ran-in-the-u-s-in-2016-from-accounts-associated-with-a-russian-entity-known-as-the-internet-research-a.md) _Context: Russia_
10. [Russia and Belarus begin a six-day joint strategic military exercise inside Belarus and Russia's Kaliningrad Oblast. The military exercise simulates war against the fictional state of Veyshnoria. According to the Defence Ministry of Belarus, fewer than 13,000 personnel will be taking part in the exercise; however, Western analysts believe the total number will range from 60,000 to 100,000. ](/news/2017/09/14/russia-and-belarus-begin-a-six-day-joint-strategic-military-exercise-inside-belarus-and-russia-s-kaliningrad-oblast-the-military-exercise-s.md) _Context: Russia_
