### [2014-12-9](/news/2014/12/9/index.md)

# A court in Lismore, Australia, convicts the former National Rugby League player Craig Field of the manslaughter of Kelvin Kane outside the Kingscliff Hotel in 2012. 

Former rugby league star Craig Field is found guilty of killing a man outside a hotel in northern New South Wales in 2012.


### Source:

1. [ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2014-12-09/ex-league-star-craig-field-guilty-of-manslaughter/5955040)

### Related:

1. [Former National Rugby League player Craig Field is charged with murder following the death of a man allegedly assaulted in the Australian town of Kingscliff, New South Wales. ](/news/2012/07/16/former-national-rugby-league-player-craig-field-is-charged-with-murder-following-the-death-of-a-man-allegedly-assaulted-in-the-australian-to.md) _Context: Craig Field, Kingscliff, National Rugby League_
2. [Aftermath of the Hillsborough disaster: Six people are charged with various offences including manslaughter by gross negligence following the Hillsborough disaster in 1989. ](/news/2017/06/28/aftermath-of-the-hillsborough-disaster-six-people-are-charged-with-various-offences-including-manslaughter-by-gross-negligence-following-th.md) _Context: manslaughter by gross negligence_
3. [Cyclone Debbie: Authorities of New South Wales issue a State Emergency Service for the towns of Murwillumbah and Lismore, and at least 12 flood rescues are underway as former Cyclone Debbie moves south from north Queensland. ](/news/2017/03/30/cyclone-debbie-authorities-of-new-south-wales-issue-a-state-emergency-service-for-the-towns-of-murwillumbah-and-lismore-and-at-least-12-fl.md) _Context: Lismore_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Hebron shooting incident: Following last month's manslaughter conviction, Israeli soldier Elor Azaria is sentenced to 18 months in prison by a military court for, during a violent incident, his deadly shooting of the wounded, unarmed, prone Palestinian Abdel Fattah al-Sharif, who had stabbed a soldier last March in Hebron. ](/news/2017/02/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hebron-shooting-incident-following-last-month-s-manslaughter-conviction-israeli-soldier-elor-azaria-is-sen.md) _Context: manslaughter by gross negligence_
5. [Jury selection begins for the trial of William Porter, a Baltimore, Maryland police officer charged with manslaughter and other charges surrounding the April 19 death of Freddie Gray. Porter is the first of six officers to be tried. ](/news/2015/11/30/jury-selection-begins-for-the-trial-of-william-porter-a-baltimore-maryland-police-officer-charged-with-manslaughter-and-other-charges-surr.md) _Context: manslaughter by gross negligence_
6. [The U.S. Justice Department files criminal charges against three individuals and three companies--Black Elk, Grand Isle Shipyard and oil field services company Wood Group--in connection with a 2012 oil platform incident in the Gulf of Mexico that left three workers dead. The charges range from manslaughter to violations of the federal Clean Water Act. ](/news/2015/11/20/the-u-s-justice-department-files-criminal-charges-against-three-individuals-and-three-companies-black-elk-grand-isle-shipyard-and-oil-fie.md) _Context: manslaughter by gross negligence_
7. [A volunteer police officer is charged with manslaughter in the shooting death of Eric Harris, an unarmed man who was shot while lying on his back in Tulsa, Oklahoma. ](/news/2015/04/13/a-volunteer-police-officer-is-charged-with-manslaughter-in-the-shooting-death-of-eric-harris-an-unarmed-man-who-was-shot-while-lying-on-his.md) _Context: manslaughter by gross negligence_
8. [In a five-day national dragnet last week, Operation Cross Check, the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) rounds up 2,059 people who had been convicted of crimes and had been living in the country illegally. Most were not violent criminals (none were implicated in terrorism; almost all the 912 misdemeanors were for driving under the influence, DWI; 476 of the felons were charged with an immigration violation, though some were convicted of manslaughter, robbery, rape, and child pornography). ](/news/2015/03/9/in-a-five-day-national-dragnet-last-week-operation-cross-check-the-u-s-immigration-and-customs-enforcement-ice-rounds-up-2-059-people-w.md) _Context: manslaughter by gross negligence_
9. [Six current and former Gold Coast Titans players are charged with supplying cocaine including Greg Bird, Dave Taylor, Beau Falloon, Jamie Dowling and Kalifa Faifai Loa with all players stood down for the coming Australian National Rugby League season. ](/news/2015/02/22/six-current-and-former-gold-coast-titans-players-are-charged-with-supplying-cocaine-including-greg-bird-dave-taylor-beau-falloon-jamie-do.md) _Context: National Rugby League_
10. [Prosecutors in the Australian state of Queensland drop manslaughter charges against American surgeon Jayant Patel, who pleads guilty to charges of fraud. ](/news/2013/11/15/prosecutors-in-the-australian-state-of-queensland-drop-manslaughter-charges-against-american-surgeon-jayant-patel-who-pleads-guilty-to-char.md) _Context: manslaughter by gross negligence_
