### [2014-12-9](/news/2014/12/9/index.md)

# Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb release Serge Lazarevic, a French hostage seized three years ago in Mali. 




### Source:

1. [NYTimes](http://www.nytimes.com/2014/12/10/world/europe/french-hostage-serge-lazarevic-released.html?_r=0)

### Related:

1. [Northern Mali conflict: Ansar Dine, a militant Islamist group linked to Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb claims responsibility for yesterday's attack on a United Nations base in Kidal, northern Mali, that killed six UN peacekeepers, all from neighboring Guinea. ](/news/2016/02/13/northern-mali-conflict-ansar-dine-a-militant-islamist-group-linked-to-al-qaeda-in-the-islamic-maghreb-claims-responsibility-for-yesterday.md) _Context: Mali, al-Qaeda_
2. [Two French journalists working for RFI are kidnapped and killed in the town of Kidal in northern Mali. ](/news/2013/11/2/two-french-journalists-working-for-rfi-are-kidnapped-and-killed-in-the-town-of-kidal-in-northern-mali.md) _Context: French-born, Mali_
3. [In Amenas hostage crisis:: Suspected Islamic militants take over a BP facility in In Amenas, Algeria, killing at least 2 workers and taking up to 40 others hostage, including 13 Norwegians, a number of Americans, as well as nationals from Ireland, Japan, France and the United Kingdom. A previously unknown group allied to al-Qaeda's regional branch says the attack is in revenge for Algeria's support of the French operation against Islamic rebels in Mali. ](/news/2013/01/16/in-ama-c-nas-hostage-crisis-suspected-islamic-militants-take-over-a-bp-facility-in-in-ama-c-nas-algeria-killing-at-least-2-workers-and-takin.md) _Context: Mali, al-Qaeda_
4. [French authorities seek to make contact with Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb over the kidnapping of five French nationals and two others in Niger, now believed to have been taken to northern Mali. ](/news/2010/09/23/french-authorities-seek-to-make-contact-with-al-qaeda-in-the-islamic-maghreb-over-the-kidnapping-of-five-french-nationals-and-two-others-in.md) _Context: Mali, al-Qaeda_
5. [Danish royal consorts: Denmark's Prince Henrik announces he won't be buried next to Queen Margrethe II in the Roskilde Cathedral where Danish royals have been buried since 1559. The 83-year-old, French-born Henrik has been dissatisfied with his non-equal role as Prince consort. The 77-year old Margrethe, who had a specially designed sarcophagus made for the couple, accepts Henrik's decision, according to a royal house spokeswoman. ](/news/2017/08/4/danish-royal-consorts-denmark-s-prince-henrik-announces-he-won-t-be-buried-next-to-queen-margrethe-ii-in-the-roskilde-cathedral-where-danis.md) _Context: French-born_
6. [International Criminal Court investigation in Mali: The International Criminal Court has ruled that Ahmad al-Faqi al-Mahdi is liable for about - 2.7 million in personal damages for the destruction of Timbuktu's heritage sites, and that the victims (including Mali itself and the international community) be paid "individual, collective, and symbolic" reparations. The Trust Fund for Victims is to decide until 16 February 2018 how the amount will be paid (the Court has also recognized that the penniless al-Mahdi would be unable to pay). ](/news/2017/08/17/international-criminal-court-investigation-in-mali-the-international-criminal-court-has-ruled-that-ahmad-al-faqi-al-mahdi-is-liable-for-abo.md) _Context: Mali_
7. [Northern Mali conflict: A U.N. peacekeeping helicopter crashes during a mission in northern Mali, resulting in the death of two German pilots within. ](/news/2017/07/26/northern-mali-conflict-a-u-n-peacekeeping-helicopter-crashes-during-a-mission-in-northern-mali-resulting-in-the-death-of-two-german-pilot.md) _Context: Mali_
8. [June 2017 Bamako attack: Gunmen storm a popular tourist resort near the Malian capital, Bamako. At least two people are reportedly killed. Malian troops and France's Operation Barkhane counter-terrorist force are at the site. ](/news/2017/06/18/june-2017-bamako-attack-gunmen-storm-a-popular-tourist-resort-near-the-malian-capital-bamako-at-least-two-people-are-reportedly-killed-m.md) _Context: Mali_
9. [Northern Mali conflict: A suicide bomber detonates a vehicle full of explosives at a military camp in Gao, Mali, killing at least 76 people and wounding scores more in Mali's deadliest terrorist attack in history. ](/news/2017/01/18/northern-mali-conflict-a-suicide-bomber-detonates-a-vehicle-full-of-explosives-at-a-military-camp-in-gao-mali-killing-at-least-76-people.md) _Context: Mali_
10. [Aftermath of the Gambian presidential election, 2016: President-elect Adama Barrow travels to the Malian capital of Bamako to meet with world leaders after yesterday's failed attempts at persuading incumbent president Yahya Jammeh to step down at the end of his term. ](/news/2017/01/14/aftermath-of-the-gambian-presidential-election-2016-president-elect-adama-barrow-travels-to-the-malian-capital-of-bamako-to-meet-with-worl.md) _Context: Mali_
