### [2014-12-9](/news/2014/12/9/index.md)

# The Democrat-controlled United States Senate Select Committee on Intelligence releases a report critical of the post-September 11 Bush Administration-era CIA interrogation techniques used to extract intelligence from captured Al-Qaeda operatives. The Obama Administration places US embassies around the world on high alert. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-30383924)
1. [Cover Image](http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/79605000/jpg/_79605252_79605251.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The Obama Administration and Bush Administration had failed to publicly disclose up to thousands of lethal airstrikes the U.S. made in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria against ISIL, Al-Qaeda, and the Taliban via U.S. Army helicopters and drones. ](/news/2017/02/5/the-obama-administration-and-bush-administration-had-failed-to-publicly-disclose-up-to-thousands-of-lethal-airstrikes-the-u-s-made-in-afgha.md) _Context: Bush Administration, Obama Administration, al-Qaeda_
2. [The Obama administration formally accuses the Russian government of cyber attacks against the U.S. Democratic Party in influencing presidential election. ](/news/2016/10/7/the-obama-administration-formally-accuses-the-russian-government-of-cyber-attacks-against-the-u-s-democratic-party-in-influencing-president.md) _Context: Democratic, Obama Administration_
3. [Hillary Clinton's doctor says she is being treated for pneumonia and dehydration after the Democratic Party presidential candidate fell ill and abruptly left a ceremony in New York City honoring the 15th anniversary of the September 11 attacks. ](/news/2016/09/11/hillary-clinton-s-doctor-says-she-is-being-treated-for-pneumonia-and-dehydration-after-the-democratic-party-presidential-candidate-fell-ill.md) _Context: Democratic, September 11 attacks_
4. [The Obama Administration, through its appointment of a majority of board members on the Democratic-controlled U.S. National Labor Relations Board's 3&ndash;2 ruling in the Browning-Ferris case uses an expanded definition of joint employer when determining if a parent company shares responsibility for workers hired by a subcontractor or franchisee. The Republican-controlled US Congress responded to arguments from businesses such as the International Franchise Association by adding another NLRB-related rider to the budget to block implementation of this latest ruling. Browning-Ferris can appeal the decision to a federal appeals court. The ruling could affect current unionization and pay efforts at McDonald's franchises. ](/news/2015/08/27/the-obama-administration-through-its-appointment-of-a-majority-of-board-members-on-the-democratic-controlled-u-s-national-labor-relations.md) _Context: Democratic, Obama Administration_
5. [In Peshawar, an unknown assailant shoots and kills Pakistani lawyer Samiullah Afridi, who had defended Dr. Shakil Afridi (in regards to assisting CIA agents hunt al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden), with two Pakistan militant groups, Jundullah and Jamaatul Ahrar, both claiming responsibility. ](/news/2015/03/17/in-peshawar-an-unknown-assailant-shoots-and-kills-pakistani-lawyer-samiullah-afridi-who-had-defended-dr-shakil-afridi-in-regards-to-assi.md) _Context: CIA, al-Qaeda_
6. [United States Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid orders an investigation into the breach by the CIA into the United States Senate Select Committee on Intelligence's computer systems. ](/news/2014/03/20/united-states-senate-majority-leader-harry-reid-orders-an-investigation-into-the-breach-by-the-cia-into-the-united-states-senate-select-comm.md) _Context: CIA, Senate Intelligence Committee_
7. [The Guardian obtains a copy of a court order signed on April 25 by Judge Roger Vinson of the secret Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (FISC). The order permits the FBI, and thereby the Obama administration, to indiscriminately collect phone records of millions of Verizon Communications customers on an "ongoing, daily basis", with all domestic and international calls affected. The permit is similar to one issued to the Bush administration. The Guardian's report does not state from whom they obtained the document. ](/news/2013/06/6/the-guardian-obtains-a-copy-of-a-court-order-signed-on-april-25-by-judge-roger-vinson-of-the-secret-foreign-intelligence-surveillance-court.md) _Context: Bush Administration, Obama Administration_
8. [The suicide bomber from Jordan, Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al-Balawi, who killed seven CIA agents in Afghanistan, is reported to be an al-Qaeda triple agent. ](/news/2010/01/5/the-suicide-bomber-from-jordan-humam-khalil-abu-mulal-al-balawi-who-killed-seven-cia-agents-in-afghanistan-is-reported-to-be-an-al-qaeda.md) _Context: CIA, al-Qaeda_
9. [ Lithuania launches an inquiry into allegations that it hosted a secret CIA prison for al-Qaeda suspects. ](/news/2009/08/26/lithuania-launches-an-inquiry-into-allegations-that-it-hosted-a-secret-cia-prison-for-al-qaeda-suspects.md) _Context: CIA, al-Qaeda_
10. [ United States District Judge Henry Kennedy orders a hearing on whether the Bush administration violated a court order by destroying CIA interrogation videos of two Al-Qaeda suspects. ](/news/2007/12/18/united-states-district-judge-henry-kennedy-orders-a-hearing-on-whether-the-bush-administration-violated-a-court-order-by-destroying-cia-int.md) _Context: Bush Administration, al-Qaeda_
