### [2014-12-9](/news/2014/12/9/index.md)

# Three Turkish Army soldiers die by gunfire in the town of Ceylanpinar. The local Turkish governor begins an investigation of whether the gunfire came from the Syrian side of the border. 

Three Turkish soldiers are killed by gunfire in the town of Ceylanpinar on the border with Syria, Turkish news agencies report.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-30389859)

### Related:

1. [Three Turkish Army soldiers are killed and 10 others wounded in an attack in Syria's al-Bab District; however, there are conflicting reports on who carried out the attack. The Turkish military says the soldiers were targeted in a airstrike by a Syrian warplane, while the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports an ISIL suicide bomber was responsible. ](/news/2016/11/24/three-turkish-army-soldiers-are-killed-and-10-others-wounded-in-an-attack-in-syria-s-al-bab-district-however-there-are-conflicting-reports.md) _Context: Syria, Turkish Army_
2. [A Turkish Army soldier is killed and two others injured in an ISIL bombing near the Syrian city of al-Bab. ](/news/2016/11/20/a-turkish-army-soldier-is-killed-and-two-others-injured-in-an-isil-bombing-near-the-syrian-city-of-al-bab.md) _Context: Syria, Turkish Army_
3. [The Turkish media reports that the Turkish Army has sent troops into Syria to evacuate troops and artefacts from the Tomb of Suleyman Shah in the Aleppo Governorate which has been under threat from Islamic State for several months. One soldier has reportedly been killed. ](/news/2015/02/21/the-turkish-media-reports-that-the-turkish-army-has-sent-troops-into-syria-to-evacuate-troops-and-artefacts-from-the-tomb-of-suleyman-shah-i.md) _Context: Syria, Turkish Army_
4. [The Anatolian Agency reports that two Turkish Army soldiers were killed in a roadside bomb explosion in Mardin Province near the Turkish border with Syria. ](/news/2010/08/8/the-anatolian-agency-reports-that-two-turkish-army-soldiers-were-killed-in-a-roadside-bomb-explosion-in-mardin-province-near-the-turkish-bor.md) _Context: Syria, Turkish Army_
5. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Syria_
6. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: Syria_
7. [Israeli Minister of Construction Yoav Galant states that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should be assassinated.  Yesterday, the United States Department of State accused the al-Assad government of using a crematory at Sednaya Prison to cover up the mass murders of thousands of political prisoners. The Syrian government denied the accusations. ](/news/2017/05/16/israeli-minister-of-construction-yoav-galant-states-that-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-should-be-assassinated-yesterday-the-united-sta.md) _Context: Syria_
8. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a large explosion near Damascus International Airport followed by a fire. The Syrian government says Israel struck the military site with several missiles. Israeli Intelligence Minister Yisrael Katz states that the strike "corresponds completely with Israel's policy". ](/news/2017/04/27/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-large-explosion-near-damascus-international-airport-followed-by-a-fire-the-syrian-governm.md) _Context: Syria_
9. [Turkish air strikes kill 18 Kurdish YPG fighters and media officials in northeastern Syria. Also five Peshmerga fighters are killed during a Turkish attack on Sinjar in Iraq. Turkey also claims to have destroyed "terror hubs". Iraq denounces the strike as a violation of its sovereignty. ](/news/2017/04/25/turkish-air-strikes-kill-18-kurdish-ypg-fighters-and-media-officials-in-northeastern-syria-also-five-peshmerga-fighters-are-killed-during-a.md) _Context: Syria_
10. [According to the Russian Defence Ministry, two of its soldiers have been killed by a mortar attack in Syria while another was wounded. The ministry did not specify when or where the attack occurred. ](/news/2017/04/11/according-to-the-russian-defence-ministry-two-of-its-soldiers-have-been-killed-by-a-mortar-attack-in-syria-while-another-was-wounded-the-m.md) _Context: Syria_
