### [2009-11-17](/news/2009/11/17/index.md)

#  U.S. President Barack Obama continues his first trip to China and meets with Chinese President Hu Jintao and Premier Wen Jiabao. 

U.S. President Barack Obama was set to continue his effort to court China while cajoling it on economic strains on Wednesday, with the final day of his visit featuring talks with Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao.


### Source:

1. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/2009-11/17/content_12478330.htm)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/newsOne/idUSTRE5AE15L20091117)
3. [Asia Times Online](http://www.atimes.com/atimes/China/KK19Ad02.html)

### Related:

1. [Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper goes on an official visit to China, meeting with President Hu Jintao, Premier Wen Jiabao, and Vice-Premier Li Keqiang. The two countries sign trade deals worth over $3 billion. ](/news/2012/02/9/canadian-prime-minister-stephen-harper-goes-on-an-official-visit-to-china-meeting-with-president-hu-jintao-premier-wen-jiabao-and-vice-pr.md) _Context: Hu Jintao, Wen Jiabao_
2. [President Hu Jintao of China is welcomed at an official ceremony at the White House by U.S. President Barack Obama. ](/news/2011/01/19/president-hu-jintao-of-china-is-welcomed-at-an-official-ceremony-at-the-white-house-by-u-s-president-barack-obama.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Hu Jintao_
3. [The President of the United States Barack Obama meets with the Premier of China Wen Jiabao, with the value of the renminbi the top issue for discussion. ](/news/2010/09/23/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-meets-with-the-premier-of-china-wen-jiabao-with-the-value-of-the-renminbi-the-top-issue-for.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Wen Jiabao_
4. [ Four new members join the Politburo Standing Committee of the Communist Party of China, China's ''de facto'' top power organ. They are Xi Jinping, Li Keqiang, He Guoqiang and Zhou Yongkang. President Hu Jintao and Premier Wen Jiabao retain their seats. ](/news/2007/10/22/four-new-members-join-the-politburo-standing-committee-of-the-communist-party-of-china-china-s-de-facto-top-power-organ-they-are-xi-j.md) _Context: Hu Jintao, Wen Jiabao_
5. [ US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice arrives in Beijing for the last leg of her six-country Asian trip. Rice met with President Hu Jintao and Premier Wen Jiabao; talks about North Korea nuclear missiles program and Taiwan are on the top of the agenda. ](/news/2005/03/20/us-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-arrives-in-beijing-for-the-last-leg-of-her-six-country-asian-trip-rice-met-with-president-hu-jintao.md) _Context: Hu Jintao, Wen Jiabao_
6. [U.S. President Donald Trump accuses former President Barack Obama of wiretapping Trump Tower the month before the 2016 presidential election but offers no evidence to support his claim. A spokesman for President Obama rejects these claims. ](/news/2017/03/4/u-s-president-donald-trump-accuses-former-president-barack-obama-of-wiretapping-trump-tower-the-month-before-the-2016-presidential-election.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
7. [United States Secretary of State Rex Tillerson says he thinks the longer term status of president Bashar al-Assad is to be "decided by the Syrian people". This appears as a policy shift, since under president Barack Obama's administration, the United States made the departure of Assad a key policy aim. ](/news/2017/03/30/united-states-secretary-of-state-rex-tillerson-says-he-thinks-the-longer-term-status-of-president-bashar-al-assad-is-to-be-decided-by-the-s.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
8. [U.S. President Trump signs an executive order undoing former President Obama's climate change policies. ](/news/2017/03/28/u-s-president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-undoing-former-president-obama-s-climate-change-policies.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
9. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
10. [United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions requests the resignations of 46 Barack Obama-era chief federal prosecutors, including United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York Preet Bharara, who was previously told to stay on by then President-elect Donald Trump in November. ](/news/2017/03/10/united-states-attorney-general-jeff-sessions-requests-the-resignations-of-46-barack-obama-era-chief-federal-prosecutors-including-united-st.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
