### [2008-11-26](/news/2008/11/26/index.md)

#  The United Nations Security Council gave the green light to a plan by UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon on the deployment of an EU civilian police and justice mission in Kosovo.

The U.N. Security Council cleared the way on Wednesday for a European Union police and justice mission to deploy in Kosovo, in a statement welcoming agreement by Serbia and Kosovo to the move.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/worldNews/idUKTRE4AP9JU20081127?sp=true)

### Related:

1. [The United States vetoes a United Nations Security Council resolution aimed at stopping Israeli airstrikes against Gaza. UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and the United Kingdom, European Union, Russia, France, and China all call for a ceasefire. ](/news/2008/12/28/the-united-states-vetoes-a-united-nations-security-council-resolution-aimed-at-stopping-israeli-airstrikes-against-gaza-un-secretary-genera.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, United Nations, United Nations Security Council_
2. [ South Korean Ban Ki-moon is nominated to succeed Kofi Annan as the United Nations Secretary-General in an affirmation vote by the Security Council. A confirmation vote by the General Assembly is expected within the next fortnight. ](/news/2006/10/9/south-korean-ban-ki-moon-is-nominated-to-succeed-kofi-annan-as-the-united-nations-secretary-general-in-an-affirmation-vote-by-the-security.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, United Nations, United Nations Security Council_
3. [South Korean presidential election, 2017. United Nations secretary-general Ban Ki-moon and liberal candidate Moon Jae-in plan to contest the position vacated by Park Geun-hye. ](/news/2016/12/22/south-korean-presidential-election-2017-united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-and-liberal-candidate-moon-jae-in-plan-to-contest-the.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, United Nations_
4. [Israel-Palestine relations. The report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council - the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union - calls on Israel to end settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, -The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/israel-palestine-relations-the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Security Council_
5. [Libyan Civil War. In response to the U.N.-backed Government of National Accord's plea, the United Nations Security Council blacklists the tanker shipping crude oil by the unrecognized rival House of Representatives government in eastern Libya. ](/news/2016/04/28/libyan-civil-war-in-response-to-the-u-n-backed-government-of-national-accord-s-plea-the-united-nations-security-council-blacklists-the-ta.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Security Council_
6. [Libyan Civil War. The unrecognized House of Representatives, one of the rival governments based in eastern Libya, ships its first cargo of crude oil in defiance of the U.N.-backed authorities in the capital Tripoli in a move that could deepen divisions within the country. The Tripoli-based government asked the United Nations Security Council yesterday to blacklist the tanker. ](/news/2016/04/27/libyan-civil-war-the-unrecognized-house-of-representatives-one-of-the-rival-governments-based-in-eastern-libya-ships-its-first-cargo-of-c.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Security Council_
7. [Burundian unrest (2015-present). The United Nations Security Council unanimously adopts a resolution setting the stage for the deployment of UN Police to Burundi, where political unrest that has lasted nearly a year killed over 400 people and displaced tens of thousands. The resolution asks Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon to present options within 15 days for the deployment of UN police in order to monitor the security situation, promote respect for human rights and advance the rule of law. ](/news/2016/04/2/burundian-unrest-2015-present-the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-adopts-a-resolution-setting-the-stage-for-the-deployment.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, United Nations Security Council_
8. [Yemeni Crisis. The United Nations Security Council expressed -deep concern- at the number of violations of Yemen-s ceasefire. U.N. envoys warned that a fledgling peace process was hanging by a thread, and that Yemen faces permanent fragmentation if the conflict is not ended soon. ](/news/2015/12/23/yemeni-crisis-the-united-nations-security-council-expressed-deep-concern-at-the-number-of-violations-of-yemen-s-ceasefire-u-n-env.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Security Council_
9. [Nuclear program of Iran. The United Nations finds Iran's firing of a medium-range ballistic missile in October violated a June 2010 resolution banning the Islamic Republic from launches capable of delivering nuclear weapons. The test was not technically a violation of the July nuclear deal between Iran and six world powers. It's not known if the Security Council will take any action. ](/news/2015/12/15/nuclear-program-of-iran-the-united-nations-finds-iran-s-firing-of-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-in-october-violated-a-june-2010-resoluti.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Security Council_
10. [U.S. diplomats, amid growing international concern the violence could spiral into an ethnic conflict, push for peace talks in Burundi. The European Union advises non-essential staff to evacuate the Central African nation amid rising violence and an uptick in political rhetoric. The head of the opposition UPRONA group urges the United Nations to send peacekeepers quickly. Yesterday, the UN Security Council called on the Burundi Government to protect human rights and cooperate with regional African mediators to immediately convene -an inclusive and genuine inter-Burundian dialogue- to find a peaceful resolution of the crisis. ](/news/2015/11/13/u-s-diplomats-amid-growing-international-concern-the-violence-could-spiral-into-an-ethnic-conflict-push-for-peace-talks-in-burundi-the-e.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Security Council_
