### [2006-06-6](/news/2006/06/6/index.md)

#  Australia's Howard government commissions Ziggy Switkowski to lead a commission on the introduction of nuclear energy in Australia. 




### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=10000081&sid=a8FWypVoSMzQ&refer=australia)

### Related:

1. [ Australian federal election, 2007:: The national election in Australia results in a change of government, with the Australian Labor Party securing an electoral swing of more than 5%. Kevin Rudd will take office as 26th Prime Minister of Australia and the outgoing Prime Minister John Howard is also likely to lose his seat in parliament. [http://www.theaustralian.news.com.au/story/0,25197,22814923-601,00.html (The Australian)]: John Howard calls the leader of the Australian Labor Party, Kevin Rudd, on the phone and concedes defeat. ](/news/2007/11/24/australian-federal-election-2007-the-national-election-in-australia-results-in-a-change-of-government-with-the-australian-labor-party-s.md) _Context: Australia, John Howard_
2. [ APEC: The Prime Minister of Australia John Howard and the President of the United States George W. Bush agree to discuss upgrading the defense relationship with Australia to enjoy the same access to US military technology as the United Kingdom. ](/news/2007/09/5/apec-the-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-and-the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-agree-to-discuss-upgrading-the-defe.md) _Context: Australia, John Howard_
3. [ Australian Prime Minister John Howard says the country has decided to export Uranium to India.](/news/2007/08/17/australian-prime-minister-john-howard-says-the-country-has-decided-to-export-uranium-to-india.md) _Context: Australia, John Howard_
4. [ The Prime Minister of Australia John Howard makes a commitment to keep Australian troops in Iraq until Iraq is able to control its own security. ](/news/2007/03/17/the-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-makes-a-commitment-to-keep-australian-troops-in-iraq-until-iraq-is-able-to-control-its-own-secu.md) _Context: Australia, John Howard_
5. [ Australian Prime Minister John Howard criticizes U.S. Senator Barack Obama (D-IL) for his stance on Iraq, saying that al-Qaeda in Iraq should be praying for Obama to win the election. The opposition Australian Labor Party says that Howard's statement imperiled the relationship Australia might have with the United States under a Democratic administration. ](/news/2007/02/12/australian-prime-minister-john-howard-criticizes-u-s-senator-barack-obama-d-il-for-his-stance-on-iraq-saying-that-al-qaeda-in-iraq-shou.md) _Context: Australia, John Howard_
6. [ Australian telecommunication company Telstra's share price tumbles to a two year low of $4.32AU as Prime Minister John Howard condemns their new management team as disgraceful and the Australian Securities and Investment Commission launches a criminal probe of Telstra's leaked and negative statements. ](/news/2005/09/6/australian-telecommunication-company-telstra-s-share-price-tumbles-to-a-two-year-low-of-4-32au-as-prime-minister-john-howard-condemns-thei.md) _Context: Australia, John Howard_
7. [The Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting (CHOGM) is opened in Abuja, Nigeria, by Queen Elizabeth II. The future of Zimbabwe's membership is threatening to dominate the gathering. The debate has been marked by bitter personal polemics between Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe and Australian Prime Minister John Howard, whom Mugabe accuses of leading an "Anglo-Saxon conspiracy" against Zimbabwe. Mugabe himself is barred from entering the European Union. Zimbabwe was suspended from the Commonwealth last year on charges that Mugabe had rigged his re-election in 2002. [http://news.independent.co.uk/world/politics/story.jsp?story=470202][http://news.com.au/common/story_page/0,4057,8088518%5E401,00.html]](/news/2003/12/5/the-commonwealth-heads-of-government-meeting-chogm-is-opened-in-abuja-nigeria-by-queen-elizabeth-ii-the-future-of-zimbabwe-s-membership.md) _Context: Australia, John Howard_
8. [2017 V-22 Osprey crash: The search for three members of the United States Marines Corps lost in a MV-22 Osprey crash in Shoalwater Bay in the Australian state of Queensland is called off. ](/news/2017/08/6/2017-v-22-osprey-crash-the-search-for-three-members-of-the-united-states-marines-corps-lost-in-a-mv-22-osprey-crash-in-shoalwater-bay-in-th.md) _Context: Australia_
9. [2017 V-22 Osprey crash: Searches are underway for three members of the United States Marine Corps missing after a MV-22 Osprey crashed off the coast of the Australian state of Queensland. Twenty three of the twenty six people on board have been rescued. ](/news/2017/08/5/2017-v-22-osprey-crash-searches-are-underway-for-three-members-of-the-united-states-marine-corps-missing-after-a-mv-22-osprey-crashed-off-t.md) _Context: Australia_
10. [Child marriage in Australia: An Imam in Australia who married a 14 year old to a 34 year old will not face jail time despite conviction. [http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/world-news/imam-marries-14-year-old-10661681 ("Daily Mirror") ]](/news/2017/06/21/child-marriage-in-australia-an-imam-in-australia-who-married-a-14-year-old-to-a-34-year-old-will-not-face-jail-time-despite-conviction-ht.md) _Context: Australia_
