### [2006-06-6](/news/2006/06/6/index.md)

#  BAA plc, the owners of London's Heathrow, Gatwick and Stansted Airports, accept a 10 billion takeover bid from a consortium led by Spain's' Grupo Ferrovial and including the Quebec public employees' pension fund. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/business/5050626.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Heavy snow across England closes London City Airport and one runway of Heathrow Airport and shuts down all public transport in London. ](/news/2009/02/2/heavy-snow-across-england-closes-london-city-airport-and-one-runway-of-heathrow-airport-and-shuts-down-all-public-transport-in-london.md) _Context: London, London Heathrow Airport_
2. [ The United Kingdom Competition Commission recommends that BAA Limited should sell two out of its three airports in South East England (Heathrow, Gatwick, and Stansted) and one of its Scottish airports (either Edinburgh Airport or Glasgow International Airport) due to competition concerns. ](/news/2008/08/20/the-united-kingdom-competition-commission-recommends-that-baa-limited-should-sell-two-out-of-its-three-airports-in-south-east-england-heat.md) _Context: London Gatwick Airport, London Heathrow Airport_
3. [A vehicle mounts the pavement and runs into pedestrians in Islington, London, injuring 4. The teenage perpetrators are found carrying offensive weapons, but are not assumed to be terrorists. ](/news/2017/03/25/a-vehicle-mounts-the-pavement-and-runs-into-pedestrians-in-islington-london-injuring-4-the-teenage-perpetrators-are-found-carrying-offens.md) _Context: London_
4. [Scientists announce the finding of microfossils up to almost 4.3 billion years old, within rocks from the Hudson Bay shoreline in northern Quebec, Canada, that may represent the oldest-known evidence of life on Earth. ](/news/2017/03/1/scientists-announce-the-finding-of-microfossils-up-to-almost-4-3-billion-years-old-within-rocks-from-the-hudson-bay-shoreline-in-northern-q.md) _Context: Quebec_
5. [Former HBOS manager Lynden Scourfield and other bankers and consultants are found guilty of corruption and abuse of power in stealing PS245 million from the bank and small businesses in a loans scam, which was spent on personal luxuries. Scourfield was sentenced to 11 years in prison. ](/news/2017/02/2/former-hbos-manager-lynden-scourfield-and-other-bankers-and-consultants-are-found-guilty-of-corruption-and-abuse-of-power-in-stealing-aps245.md) _Context: £_
6. [Several British MPs demand an investigation into a recent scandal in which an Israeli embassy official in London had conspired to damage the reputation of several British politicians in response to the recent United Nations Security Council resolution. ](/news/2017/01/8/several-british-mps-demand-an-investigation-into-a-recent-scandal-in-which-an-israeli-embassy-official-in-london-had-conspired-to-damage-the.md) _Context: London_
7. [UK Prime Minister Theresa May and Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan sign a PS100 million defense deal to build new fighter jets. Under the deal, BAE Systems will collaborate with Turkish companies to build the TAI TFX. ](/news/2017/01/28/uk-prime-minister-theresa-may-and-turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-sign-a-aps100-million-defense-deal-to-build-new-fighter-jets-under.md) _Context: £_
8. [London Mayor Sadiq Khan declares a public health emergency for at least the next three days because of high levels of air pollution in the London area. The Department for Environment says this pollution episode could last until at least Sunday. ](/news/2017/01/18/london-mayor-sadiq-khan-declares-a-public-health-emergency-for-at-least-the-next-three-days-because-of-high-levels-of-air-pollution-in-the-l.md) _Context: London_
9. [The pound sterling sustains a flash crash, dropping from an exchange rate of $1.23 per pound to $1.13 in a few minutes of trading today, then gaining much of it back. Observers blame this development on algorithmic trading. ](/news/2016/10/7/the-pound-sterling-sustains-a-flash-crash-dropping-from-an-exchange-rate-of-1-23-per-pound-to-1-13-in-a-few-minutes-of-trading-today-the.md) _Context: £_
10. [A London-based trader who traded on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Navinder Singh Sarao, accused of contributing to the 2010 Wall Street "flash crash" by placing bogus orders to spoof the market, fails in his legal bid to stop extradition and will now be sent to the United States to face trial where he is wanted by U.S. authorities on 22 criminal counts of wire fraud, commodities fraud, and market manipulation. A judge initially approved his extradition in March, and today his bid to launch an appeal against that decision was rejected, ending his 18-month legal fight. He will now be extradited within 28 days. ](/news/2016/10/14/a-london-based-trader-who-traded-on-the-chicago-mercantile-exchange-navinder-singh-sarao-accused-of-contributing-to-the-2010-wall-street.md) _Context: London_
