### [2011-03-4](/news/2011/03/4/index.md)

# The marketing chief at Research in Motion, the Canadian company best known for the BlackBerry smart phone, is leaving. This surprise announcement concerning Keith Pardy may have an impact on the launch of a new product, the PlayBook tablet. 

* Keith Pardy to oversee 6-month transition * BlackBerry brand has lost ground under Pardy * Announcement comes weeks before expected Play


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/03/05/rim-idUSN0422751820110305)
1. [Cover Image](http://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png)

### Related:

1. [The stock price of Research in Motion, the maker of BlackBerry smart phones, falls after the release of disappointing quarterly numbers and news of the delay of expected product upgrades. ](/news/2011/12/16/the-stock-price-of-research-in-motion-the-maker-of-blackberry-smart-phones-falls-after-the-release-of-disappointing-quarterly-numbers-and.md) _Context: BlackBerry, Research in Motion_
2. [Jaguar Financial Corp. claims that it has the support of 8% of the shareholders of Research in Motion in its campaign for corporate-governance changes at the Canada-based manufacturer of the BlackBerry. ](/news/2011/10/11/jaguar-financial-corp-claims-that-it-has-the-support-of-8-of-the-shareholders-of-research-in-motion-in-its-campaign-for-corporate-governan.md) _Context: BlackBerry, Research in Motion_
3. [The U.S. International Trade Commission rules against Kodak's contention that Apple's iPhone and Research in Motion's BlackBerry violate Kodak's intellectual property rights. ](/news/2011/01/24/the-u-s-international-trade-commission-rules-against-kodak-s-contention-that-apple-s-iphone-and-research-in-motion-s-blackberry-violate-kod.md) _Context: BlackBerry, Research in Motion_
4. [Saudi Arabia delays shutting off Research in Motion's BlackBerry instant messaging system allowing for test of a system allowing the Government of Saudi Arabia to monitor user data. ](/news/2010/08/8/saudi-arabia-delays-shutting-off-research-in-motion-s-blackberry-instant-messaging-system-allowing-for-test-of-a-system-allowing-the-governm.md) _Context: BlackBerry, Research in Motion_
5. [Saudi Arabia announces it is to commence a ban on the "messenger function" on BlackBerry handsets from Friday due to security concerns over the Research In Motion (RIM) technological device. ](/news/2010/08/3/saudi-arabia-announces-it-is-to-commence-a-ban-on-the-messenger-function-on-blackberry-handsets-from-friday-due-to-security-concerns-over.md) _Context: BlackBerry, Research in Motion_
6. [ Research In Motion, a Waterloo, Ontario, Canadian based company, agrees to pay NTP Inc. $612.5 million to settle NTP's patent-infringement suit against RIM. NTP had argued RIM's BlackBerry wireless-communication devices use technology patented by NTP. ](/news/2006/03/3/research-in-motion-a-waterloo-ontario-canadian-based-company-agrees-to-pay-ntp-inc-612-5-million-to-settle-ntp-s-patent-infringement.md) _Context: BlackBerry, Research in Motion_
7. [ The U.S. Supreme Court rejects an appeal from Research In Motion Ltd. which had asked it to reverse a lower-court ruling that found its BlackBerry wireless email device in violation of patents held by NTP, Inc., a Virginia patent-holding firm. The case now moves to a federal district court in Virginia, which will decide whether to reinstate an injunction against the U.S. sale of the popular BlackBerrys. ](/news/2006/01/23/the-u-s-supreme-court-rejects-an-appeal-from-research-in-motion-ltd-which-had-asked-it-to-reverse-a-lower-court-ruling-that-found-its-bla.md) _Context: BlackBerry, Research in Motion_
8. [BlackBerry, the company formally known as Research in Motion, launches its BlackBerry Z10 smartphone in India, where it costs 43,490 rupees, or roughly US$800. ](/news/2013/02/25/blackberry-the-company-formally-known-as-research-in-motion-launches-its-blackberry-z10-smartphone-in-india-where-it-costs-43-490-rupees.md) _Context: Research in Motion_
9. [Canadian wireless device manufacturer Research In Motion officially unveils BlackBerry 10, the newest version of the operating system for its BlackBerry devices, and announces the first two phones that will run on the new platform. The company also announces it will begin doing business as BlackBerry effective immediately. ](/news/2013/01/30/canadian-wireless-device-manufacturer-research-in-motion-officially-unveils-blackberry-10-the-newest-version-of-the-operating-system-for-it.md) _Context: BlackBerry_
10. [Smart phone pioneer Research in Motion announces major shake-ups in executive ranks and a strategic review in its earnings report. ](/news/2012/03/29/smart-phone-pioneer-research-in-motion-announces-major-shake-ups-in-executive-ranks-and-a-strategic-review-in-its-earnings-report.md) _Context: Research in Motion_
