### [2011-03-4](/news/2011/03/4/index.md)

# The British Labour Party retains the seat of Barnsley Central following a by-election. The Lib Dems, who had come second at the 2010 general election slump to sixth place behind the British National Party and UKIP. 

Nick Clegg says people should not &quot;write off&quot; the Lib Dems despite the party slumping to sixth place in the Barnsley Central by-election.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-12645090)

### Related:

1. [Results of the elections show gains for Labour and UKIP and losses for the Liberal Democrats and the Conservative Party.](/news/2013/05/3/results-of-the-elections-show-gains-for-labour-and-ukip-and-losses-for-the-liberal-democrats-and-the-conservative-party.md) _Context: Labour, Liberal Democrats, UKIP_
2. [British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held-on-the-8th-of-june-a-two-thirds-major.md) _Context: Labour, Liberal Democrats_
3. [The BBC is told that the UK's three main political parties, the Conservatives, Labour and the Liberal Democrats, will declare that whoever forms the government after the next general election will not agree to a currency union with an independent Scotland. ](/news/2014/02/12/the-bbc-is-told-that-the-uk-s-three-main-political-parties-the-conservatives-labour-and-the-liberal-democrats-will-declare-that-whoever-f.md) _Context: Labour, Liberal Democrats_
4. [The Labour Party wins the three by-elections held in the United Kingdom on Thursday. Steve Reed is elected in Croydon North, Andy McDonald in Middlesbrough and Sarah Champion in Rotherham. The UK Independence Party achieve second place in Middlesbrough and Rotherham, beating the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats. ](/news/2012/11/30/the-labour-party-wins-the-three-by-elections-held-in-the-united-kingdom-on-thursday-steve-reed-is-elected-in-croydon-north-andy-mcdonald-i.md) _Context: Labour, Liberal Democrats_
5. [The counting of votes in UK local elections continues with the Labour Party making gains and the Liberal Democrats losing seats. ](/news/2011/05/6/the-counting-of-votes-in-uk-local-elections-continues-with-the-labour-party-making-gains-and-the-liberal-democrats-losing-seats.md) _Context: Labour, Liberal Democrats_
6. [Voters in the English constituency of Barnsley Central go to the polls for a by-election with Dan Jarvis of the Labour Party being elected with a strong swing in his favour. ](/news/2011/03/3/voters-in-the-english-constituency-of-barnsley-central-go-to-the-polls-for-a-by-election-with-dan-jarvis-of-the-labour-party-being-elected-w.md) _Context: Barnsley Central, Labour_
7. [The award-winning hardcore porn director Anna Arrowsmith is selected as a Liberal Democrat candidate for Gravesham in Kent to fight the 2010 general election. ](/news/2010/03/12/the-award-winning-hardcore-porn-director-anna-arrowsmith-is-selected-as-a-liberal-democrat-candidate-for-gravesham-in-kent-to-fight-the-2010.md) _Context: 2010 general election, Liberal Democrats_
8. [ The Conservative Party gains seven county councils, the Liberal Democrats lose one, and the Labour Party loses four during the United Kingdom's local elections. ](/news/2009/06/6/the-conservative-party-gains-seven-county-councils-the-liberal-democrats-lose-one-and-the-labour-party-loses-four-during-the-united-kingd.md) _Context: Labour, Liberal Democrats_
9. [ British polls open in the 2005 general election. Voters will elect 645 of the 646 members of the House of Commons. Most expect Tony Blair and his Labour Party to win, but both Michael Howard and the Conservative Party along with Charles Kennedy and the Liberal Democrats are expected to make major gains in Parliament. (Wikinews) ](/news/2005/05/5/british-polls-open-in-the-2005-general-election-voters-will-elect-645-of-the-646-members-of-the-house-of-commons-most-expect-tony-blair-a.md) _Context: Labour, Liberal Democrats_
10. [ British Liberal Democrat leader Charles Kennedy calls for a reform of the UK voting system after Labour took the majority of the seats in the UK election with just 35% of the votes. ](/news/2005/05/26/british-liberal-democrat-leader-charles-kennedy-calls-for-a-reform-of-the-uk-voting-system-after-labour-took-the-majority-of-the-seats-in-t.md) _Context: Labour, Liberal Democrats_
