### [2010-04-3](/news/2010/04/3/index.md)

#  Apple released the iPad in the United States.




### Related:

1. [Apple Inc. announces that the technology generated over $127 billion in revenue during 2011. Apple sold over 37 million iPhones and over 15 million iPads during the fourth quarter of 2011. ](/news/2012/01/24/apple-inc-announces-that-the-technology-generated-over-127-billion-in-revenue-during-2011-apple-sold-over-37-million-iphones-and-over-15.md) _Context: Apple Inc., iPad_
2. [Apple / Google smartphone tracking:U.S. Congressman Ed Markey (D-Mass.) sends Apple chief executive Steve Jobs a letter asking him to explain the purpose of a file embedded on iPhones and iPads that keeps a detailed log of the devices' location. ](/news/2011/04/21/apple-google-smartphone-tracking-pu-s-congressman-ed-markey-d-mass-sends-apple-chief-executive-steve-jobs-a-letter-asking-him-to-expla.md) _Context: Apple Inc., iPad_
3. [Steve Jobs unveils the Apple iPad, a tablet PC at a press conference in San Francisco. ](/news/2010/01/27/steve-jobs-unveils-the-apple-ipad-a-tablet-pc-at-a-press-conference-in-san-francisco.md) _Context: Apple Inc., iPad_
4. [Apple Inc. and Nokia agree to increase their partnership after settling a patent dispute. ](/news/2017/05/23/apple-inc-and-nokia-agree-to-increase-their-partnership-after-settling-a-patent-dispute.md) _Context: Apple Inc._
5. [The U.S. Supreme Court hears arguments in a patent dispute between Apple Inc. and Samsung concerning both company's smart phone designs (Samsung Electronics v. Apple (15-777)). ](/news/2016/10/11/the-u-s-supreme-court-hears-arguments-in-a-patent-dispute-between-apple-inc-and-samsung-concerning-both-company-s-smart-phone-designs-sam.md) _Context: Apple Inc._
6. [Apple announces the release of the iPhone 7 along with the Apple Watch 2. ](/news/2016/09/7/apple-announces-the-release-of-the-iphone-7-along-with-the-apple-watch-2.md) _Context: Apple Inc._
7. [Cybersecurity software maker Check Point reports  ''HummingBad'' malware has infected at least 10 million Android devices, mostly in China and India. Check Point says a team of developers based in Beijing is behind ''HummingBad'' which gives hackers administrative-level access to infected devices.  Apple devices have been hit by similar malware.  ](/news/2016/07/5/cybersecurity-software-maker-check-point-reports-hummingbad-malware-has-infected-at-least-10-million-android-devices-mostly-in-china-a.md) _Context: Apple Inc._
8. [Apple Inc. notifies the GOP that this year it will not fund or provide other support for the party's 2016 presidential convention,  citing Donald Trump's controversial comments about women, immigrants and minorities. ](/news/2016/06/18/apple-inc-notifies-the-gop-that-this-year-it-will-not-fund-or-provide-other-support-for-the-partyas-2016-presidential-convention-citing.md) _Context: Apple Inc._
9. [Apple Inc. must pay the $450 million July 2014 settlement in a price fixing case since the U.S. Supreme Court will not hear its appeal of the June 2015 Court of Appeals ruling that it played a "central role" in a conspiracy with publishers to eliminate retail price competition and raise e-book prices. ](/news/2016/03/7/apple-inc-must-pay-the-450-million-july-2014-settlement-in-a-price-fixing-case-since-the-u-s-supreme-court-will-not-hear-its-appeal-of-th.md) _Context: Apple Inc._
10. [Federal prosecutors announce the case against Apple Inc., concerning encrypted data on an iPhone belonging to one of the San Bernardino shooters, has been dropped since the FBI has found a means to access the data without compromising any information on the phone. ](/news/2016/03/28/federal-prosecutors-announce-the-case-against-apple-inc-concerning-encrypted-data-on-an-iphone-belonging-to-one-of-the-san-bernardino-shoo.md) _Context: Apple Inc._
