### [2014-09-19](/news/2014/09/19/index.md)

# Australia raises security for its Parliament after conducting raids that arrest dozens of suspected terrorists. 

PM Tony Abbot forced to defend crackdown sweeping up 15 suspects in alleged beheading plot as most are released


### Source:

1. [CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/australia-alleged-isis-plot-bust-defended-by-pm-tony-abbott/)

### Related:

1. [  Prime Minister of Australia Malcolm Turnbull has called a historic double dissolution election with both houses of Parliament being dissolved and an election to be held on July 2. ](/news/2016/05/8/prime-minister-of-australia-malcolm-turnbull-has-called-a-historic-double-dissolution-election-with-both-houses-of-parliament-being-dissol.md) _Context: Australia, Parliament_
2. [Abdul Nacer Benbrika, serving a 15-year jail term in Australia after being found guilty on a number of terrorism-related charged, loses an appeal in the Court of Appeal against conviction of leading a terrorist group. ](/news/2010/10/25/abdul-nacer-benbrika-serving-a-15-year-jail-term-in-australia-after-being-found-guilty-on-a-number-of-terrorism-related-charged-loses-an-a.md) _Context: Australia, terrorism_
3. [ The Government of Australia announces that it will apologize to the "stolen generation" of indigenous Australians in the Parliament of Australia on February 13. ](/news/2008/01/30/the-government-of-australia-announces-that-it-will-apologize-to-the-stolen-generation-of-indigenous-australians-in-the-parliament-of-aust.md) _Context: Australia, Parliament_
4. [ Australian David Hicks is released from Yatala Labour Prison, South Australia, after his jail sentence for providing material support for terrorism ends, following his earlier detainment at Guantanamo Bay. ](/news/2007/12/29/australian-david-hicks-is-released-from-yatala-labour-prison-south-australia-after-his-jail-sentence-for-providing-material-support-for-t.md) _Context: Australia, terrorism_
5. [ Australian federal election, 2007: The national election in Australia results in a change of government, with the Australian Labor Party securing an electoral swing of more than 5%.  Kevin Rudd will take office as 26th Prime Minister of Australia and the outgoing Prime Minister John Howard is also likely to lose his seat in parliament.  [http://www.theaustralian.news.com.au/story/0,25197,22814923-601,00.html (The Australian)] John Howard calls the leader of the Australian Labor Party, Kevin Rudd, on the phone and concedes defeat. ](/news/2007/11/24/australian-federal-election-2007-p-the-national-election-in-australia-results-in-a-change-of-government-with-the-australian-labor-party-s.md) _Context: Australia, Parliament_
6. [ The Parliament of Australia passes the ''Northern Territory Indigenous Bill'' making changes to the Australian welfare system and land rights. ](/news/2007/08/17/the-parliament-of-australia-passes-the-northern-territory-indigenous-bill-making-changes-to-the-australian-welfare-system-and-land-righ.md) _Context: Australia, Parliament_
7. [ Dr Mohamed Haneef, the Indian doctor freed in Australia of supporting terrorism, indicates that he would like to return to India as soon as possible. He later received clearance from the Australian Government to leave tonight. ](/news/2007/07/28/dr-mohamed-haneef-the-indian-doctor-freed-in-australia-of-supporting-terrorism-indicates-that-he-would-like-to-return-to-india-as-soon-as.md) _Context: Australia, terrorism_
8. [ The Cole Inquiry delivers its report to the Australian Government to be tabled in the Parliament of Australia on Monday. It was inquiring whether Australian companies notably AWB Limited paid bribes to the Government of Saddam Hussein in order to sell wheat to Iraq. ](/news/2006/11/24/the-cole-inquiry-delivers-its-report-to-the-australian-government-to-be-tabled-in-the-parliament-of-australia-on-monday-it-was-inquiring-w.md) _Context: Australia, Parliament_
9. [ 2005 Sydney terrorism plot: Australian authorities arrest nine men, led by Abdul Nacer Benbrika, in a counterterrorism raid. Benbrika and six other men are later convicted of terrorism-related offenses. ](/news/2005/11/8/2005-sydney-terrorism-plot-australian-authorities-arrest-nine-men-led-by-abdul-nacer-benbrika-in-a-counterterrorism-raid-benbrika-and-s.md) _Context: Australia, terrorism_
10. [ Mark Latham, leader of Australia's opposition Labor Party, resigns from his position and from parliament due to ill health. Possible replacements include former deputy prime minister Kim Beazley, shadow foreign minister Kevin Rudd and shadow health minister Julia Gillard. ](/news/2005/01/18/mark-latham-leader-of-australia-s-opposition-labor-party-resigns-from-his-position-and-from-parliament-due-to-ill-health-possible-replac.md) _Context: Australia, Parliament_
