### [2014-09-19](/news/2014/09/19/index.md)

# Japan vows to continue its whaling program despite passage of an anti-whaling vote in the International Whaling Commission. 

Japan vowed on Friday to resumeits whaling programme in the Antarctic despite passage of aresolution opposing its hunt by the international body thatoversees whales, terming the negative vote regrettable.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/09/19/environment-japan-whaling-idUSL3N0RK1JL20140919)

### Related:

1. [Whaling in Japan: Japan advises the International Whaling Commission that it plans to resume hunting minke whales for scientific research in the Antarctic Ocean by the end of March 2016. The United Nations' International Court of Justice (ICJ) ruled in March 2014 that Japan's decades-old whale hunt in the Antarctic should stop, prompting Tokyo to cancel the bulk of its whaling for the 2014/2015 season. ICJ decisions were binding and cannot be appealed. ](/news/2015/11/28/whaling-in-japan-japan-advises-the-international-whaling-commission-that-it-plans-to-resume-hunting-minke-whales-for-scientific-research-in.md) _Context: International Whaling Commission , Japan, whaling_
2. [Whaling in Japan: Australia is threatening to take legal action against Japan over its resumption of its controversial whale hunt in the Antarctic Ocean. A whaling fleet set sail last week, ignoring international condemnation, and last year's ruling by the International Court of Justice (ICJ) prohibiting these hunts. ](/news/2015/12/7/whaling-in-japan-australia-is-threatening-to-take-legal-action-against-japan-over-its-resumption-of-its-controversial-whale-hunt-in-the-ant.md) _Context: Japan, whaling_
3. [Australia-Japan relations: In Tokyo, Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull says his country is -very disappointed- with Japan-s decision to resume whaling, but this dispute should not be allowed to hurt the two countries' special strategic ties. Malcolm Turnbull, who replaced Tony Abbott in September, is on his first visit to Japan which will include talks with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. ](/news/2015/12/18/australia-japan-relations-in-tokyo-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-says-his-country-is-very-disappointed-with-japan-s.md) _Context: Japan, whaling_
4. [Japan announces plans to resume whaling in the Antarctic during the southern hemisphere summer. Commercial whaling has been banned for over 30 years by the International Whaling Commission. ](/news/2015/06/22/japan-announces-plans-to-resume-whaling-in-the-antarctic-during-the-southern-hemisphere-summer-commercial-whaling-has-been-banned-for-over.md) _Context: International Whaling Commission , Japan_
5. [The United Nations International Court of Justice rules that Japan's Antarctic whaling program is not scientific but commercial and forbids grants of further permits. ](/news/2014/03/31/the-united-nations-international-court-of-justice-rules-that-japan-s-antarctic-whaling-program-is-not-scientific-but-commercial-and-forbids.md) _Context: Japan, whaling_
6. [Japan vows to continue its whale hunting despite pressure from environmentalist group Sea Shepherd. ](/news/2013/02/22/japan-vows-to-continue-its-whale-hunting-despite-pressure-from-environmentalist-group-sea-shepherd.md) _Context: Japan, whaling_
7. [Japan officially suspends its whaling program for the season due to interference by the Sea Shepherd conservation organisation. ](/news/2011/02/18/japan-officially-suspends-its-whaling-program-for-the-season-due-to-interference-by-the-sea-shepherd-conservation-organisation.md) _Context: Japan, whaling_
8. [The International Whaling Commission does not reach agreement on curbing whaling by Japan, Norway and Iceland in a meeting in Agadir, Morocco. ](/news/2010/06/23/the-international-whaling-commission-does-not-reach-agreement-on-curbing-whaling-by-japan-norway-and-iceland-in-a-meeting-in-agadir-morocc.md) _Context: International Whaling Commission , Japan_
9. [An investigation by "The Sunday Times" alleges that Japan has bribed smaller nations in exchange for their vote to resume whaling at the International Whaling Commission. ](/news/2010/06/13/an-investigation-by-the-sunday-times-alleges-that-japan-has-bribed-smaller-nations-in-exchange-for-their-vote-to-resume-whaling-at-the-int.md) _Context: International Whaling Commission , Japan_
10. [Japanese Foreign Minister Katsuya Okada dismisses Australia's threat to take the country to the International Court of Justice over Japan's whaling in the Antarctic. ](/news/2010/02/21/japanese-foreign-minister-katsuya-okada-dismisses-australia-s-threat-to-take-the-country-to-the-international-court-of-justice-over-japan-s.md) _Context: Japan, whaling_
