### [2010-05-25](/news/2010/05/25/index.md)

# Iran releases film director Jafar Panahi after more than two months in custody, including a hunger strike, following an international campaign led by the actress Juliette Binoche. 

Acclaimed Iranian film director Jafar Panahi has been released from detention in a Tehran prison, reports say.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/10155119.stm)
2. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/middleeast/iran/7764504/Iranian-director-Jafar-Panahi-released-from-prison-on-200000-bail.html)
3. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/film/2010/may/25/jafar-pahani-released-iran-prison)

### Related:

1. [International filmmakers condemn the  sentencing of Iranian director Jafar Panahi and a colleague to six-year sentences in jail and their being barred from writing-directing and producing films for 20-year, for opposition to the government. ](/news/2010/12/25/international-filmmakers-condemn-the-sentencing-of-iranian-director-jafar-panahi-and-a-colleague-to-six-year-sentences-in-jail-and-their-be.md) _Context: Iran, Jafar Panahi_
2. [Notable Hollywood personalities, including Steven Spielberg, Martin Scorsese, Robert De Niro, Robert Redford and Francis Ford Coppola, sign a petition asking the Iranian government to release director Jafar Panahi, who was arrested alongside his wife, daughter and 15 other guests at his home on 1 March. ](/news/2010/05/2/notable-hollywood-personalities-including-steven-spielberg-martin-scorsese-robert-de-niro-robert-redford-and-francis-ford-coppola-sign.md) _Context: Iran, Jafar Panahi_
3. [ There is major outcry in Iran following the death of democracy activist Akbar Mohammadi in Evin Prison. Mohammadi was condemned to death for his role in the 1999 student protests at Tehran University. He had been on a hunger strike for more than a week, protesting the refusal by the Islamic Regime to allow him to seek proper medical treatment for life threatening injuries suffered as a result of torture. Reportedly he was beaten severely by prison guards the night of his death.](/news/2006/08/1/there-is-major-outcry-in-iran-following-the-death-of-democracy-activist-akbar-mohammadi-in-evin-prison-mohammadi-was-condemned-to-death-fo.md) _Context: Iran, hunger strike_
4. [ In Iran former president Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani appeals for the release of an imprisoned dissident writer Akbar Ganji. Ganji has been in a hunger strike for more than 50 days and is possibly near death ](/news/2005/07/31/in-iran-former-president-akbar-hashemi-rafsanjani-appeals-for-the-release-of-an-imprisoned-dissident-writer-akbar-ganji-ganji-has-been-in.md) _Context: Iran, hunger strike_
5. [ISIS forces raid an Iranian Revolutionary Guards Corps base in vast desert spaces of eastern Homs Governorate, Syria, manned by between 12 to 18 fighters, all but one of which are killed. ](/news/2017/08/11/isis-forces-raid-an-iranian-revolutionary-guards-corps-base-in-vast-desert-spaces-of-eastern-homs-governorate-syria-manned-by-between-12-t.md) _Context: Iran_
6. [The United States Navy says the USS ''Thunderbolt'' fired a warning shot at an Iranian patrol boat after it came within 150 yards of the U.S. ship. ](/news/2017/07/25/the-united-states-navy-says-the-uss-thunderbolt-fired-a-warning-shot-at-an-iranian-patrol-boat-after-it-came-within-150-yards-of-the-u-s.md) _Context: Iran_
7. [Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and  North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea-both-chambers-of-the-u.md) _Context: Iran_
8. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Iran_
9. [A temperature of 53.7degC (128.7degF) is recorded during the 2017 heat wave in Ahvaz, Khuzestan Province, breaking Iran's previous record and becoming one of the highest temperatures ever recorded on Earth. ](/news/2017/06/30/a-temperature-of-53-7adegc-128-7adegf-is-recorded-during-the-2017-heat-wave-in-ahvaz-khuzestan-province-breaking-iran-s-previous-record-and.md) _Context: Iran_
10. [Iran fires medium range ballistic missiles from western Iran to ISIL targets in Deir ez-Zor Governorate, eastern Syria, in retaliation for the June 7 Tehran attacks. ](/news/2017/06/18/iran-fires-medium-range-ballistic-missiles-from-western-iran-to-isil-targets-in-deir-ez-zor-governorate-eastern-syria-in-retaliation-for-t.md) _Context: Iran_
