### [2010-05-25](/news/2010/05/25/index.md)

# Sicilians react with outrage to an advert for a clothing shop in Palermo featuring Adolf Hitler dressed in pink and a heart instead of a swastika. 

A clothing advert showing Adolf Hitler dressed in pink causes outrage in Sicily.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/world/europe/10159789.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Italian police arrest Sicilian mafia boss Salvatore Lo Piccolo, his son Sandro and two other mafiosi in Carini, Palermo. ](/news/2007/11/5/italian-police-arrest-sicilian-mafia-boss-salvatore-lo-piccolo-his-son-sandro-and-two-other-mafiosi-in-carini-palermo.md) _Context: Palermo, Sicily_
2. [An eruption at Mount Etna on the Italian island of Sicily injures at least ten people, including several in a BBC News crew. ](/news/2017/03/16/an-eruption-at-mount-etna-on-the-italian-island-of-sicily-injures-at-least-ten-people-including-several-in-a-bbc-news-crew.md) _Context: Sicily_
3. [German police detain two suspects with over 150kg of pyrotechnic explosives and an IED inscribed with a swastika and SS runes, stating the two may have a connection to a neo-Nazi terrorist group. ](/news/2017/01/14/german-police-detain-two-suspects-with-over-150kg-of-pyrotechnic-explosives-and-an-ied-inscribed-with-a-swastika-and-ss-runes-stating-the-t.md) _Context: swastika_
4. [Philippines and the United Nations. President Rodrigo Duterte likens himself to Adolf Hitler saying he would "be happy" to kill 3 million drug users and dealers in the country. United Nations adviser Adama Dieng cautions Duterte that his use of language could lead to "crimes against humanity". ](/news/2016/09/30/philippines-and-the-united-nations-president-rodrigo-duterte-likens-himself-to-adolf-hitler-saying-he-would-be-happy-to-kill-3-million-dr.md) _Context: Adolf Hitler_
5. [European migrant crisis. A Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) ship rescues 209 people, including 50 children, from two dinghies in distress in the Mediterranean Sea but finds 22 dead bodies, 21 women and a child, lying in a pool of fuel in the bottom of one of the boats. The dinghies were 17 miles east of Tripoli, Libya. Cause of death is unknown, though an MSF official says it could be that fumes from mixed fuel and water rendered the people unconscious. The MSF ship is expected to arrive in the Sicilian port of Trapani on Friday.](/news/2016/07/20/european-migrant-crisis-a-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doctors-without-borders-ship-rescues-209-people-including-50-children-from-two-din.md) _Context: Sicily_
6. [Former Mayor of London Ken Livingstone is suspended by the Labour Party for claiming that Adolf Hitler was a Zionist. ](/news/2016/04/28/former-mayor-of-london-ken-livingstone-is-suspended-by-the-labour-party-for-claiming-that-adolf-hitler-was-a-zionist.md) _Context: Adolf Hitler_
7. [The Institute of Contemporary History in Munich announces a publication of a two-volume set of Adolf Hitler-s "Mein Kampf". The new edition, which contains 3,500 scholarly annotations, is intended, "The New York Times" reports, -To set the work in historical context, to show how Hitler wove truth with half-truth and outright lie, and thus to defang any propagandistic effect while revealing Nazism.- This is the first printing in Germany since the end of World War II. ](/news/2015/12/2/the-institute-of-contemporary-history-in-munich-announces-a-publication-of-a-two-volume-set-of-adolf-hitler-s-mein-kampf-the-new-editio.md) _Context: Adolf Hitler_
8. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu retracts controversial comments he made about Nazi policies during World War 2, saying he never meant to claim that an Islamic leader Amin al-Husseini persuaded Adolf Hitler to adopt a policy to kill European Jews. ](/news/2015/10/31/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-retracts-controversial-comments-he-made-about-nazi-policies-during-world-war-2-saying-he-never-me.md) _Context: Adolf Hitler_
9. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, in tonight's speech to the World Zionist Congress on "the 10 big lies" told by Palestinians and their backers, said Haj Amin al-Husseini, the Grand Mufti of Jerusalem from 1922-1937, convinced Adolf Hitler and the Nazis to change their original plan of expelling Jews to the so-called Final Solution, i.e., the extermination of Jews. "The Washington Post" states this reinforces Netanyahu's position that Palestinian violence is caused by their old and intractable hatred of Jews, not Israel's 1948 creation. ](/news/2015/10/20/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-in-tonight-s-speech-to-the-world-zionist-congress-on-the-10-big-lies-told-by-palestinians-and-t.md) _Context: Adolf Hitler_
10. [South of Sicily, Italy's Coast Guard saves 941 trafficked migrants aboard five motorized dinghies and two larger vessels near southern Italian ports. Authorities cannot account for ten people. ](/news/2015/03/4/south-of-sicily-italy-s-coast-guard-saves-941-trafficked-migrants-aboard-five-motorized-dinghies-and-two-larger-vessels-near-southern-itali.md) _Context: Sicily_
