### [2005-12-3](/news/2005/12/3/index.md)

#  Some 40,000 protest inaction on global warming in Montreal. The demonstration, held as part of the United Nations Climate Change Conference, is one of the largest environmental protests ever and is accompanied by marches worldwide, including one in hurricane-devastated New Orleans. 




### Source:

1. [Independent](http://news.independent.co.uk/environment/article331083.ece)
2. [CTV](http://www.ctv.ca/servlet/ArticleNews/story/CTVNews/20051203/climatechange_worldwide_051203/20051203?hub=SciTech)

### Related:

1. [ The United Nations Climate Change Conference opens in Montreal. - ](/news/2005/11/28/the-united-nations-climate-change-conference-opens-in-montreal.md) _Context: UN Climate Change Conference, city of Montreal_
2. [Multiple tornadoes tear through New Orleans, Baton Rouge, and other parts of  southeastern Louisiana, injuring at least 20 people; no deaths have been reported. The severe weather also delivers heavy rain and hail in Mississippi and Alabama.  ](/news/2017/02/7/multiple-tornadoes-tear-through-new-orleans-baton-rouge-and-other-parts-of-southeastern-louisiana-injuring-at-least-20-people-no-deaths.md) _Context: New Orleans_
3. [ A man is killed and two wounded in a triple shooting in Algiers neighborhood of New Orleans ](/news/2016/12/11/a-man-is-killed-and-two-wounded-in-a-triple-shooting-in-algiers-neighborhood-of-new-orleans.md) _Context: New Orleans_
4. [One person is killed, and nine others wounded in a mass shooting in the French Quarter section of New Orleans, following the Bayou Classic football game. Police arrest two men, one of whom was injured during the shooting. ](/news/2016/11/27/one-person-is-killed-and-nine-others-wounded-in-a-mass-shooting-in-the-french-quarter-section-of-new-orleans-following-the-bayou-classic-f.md) _Context: New Orleans_
5. [A bus carrying volunteers crashes into emergency vehicles responding to an earlier accident near New Orleans killing two, including the St. John the Baptist Fire District Chief, and injuring  43 more. ](/news/2016/08/28/a-bus-carrying-volunteers-crashes-into-emergency-vehicles-responding-to-an-earlier-accident-near-new-orleans-killing-two-including-the-st.md) _Context: New Orleans_
6. [A report from  the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine states climate science progress makes it possible to  accurately detect global warming's fingerprints on certain extreme weather events. There is "high confidence" in studies looking for climate change connections between extreme hot and cold temperatures,  while efforts trying to attribute droughts and extreme rainfall has medium confidence. ](/news/2016/03/11/a-report-from-the-national-academies-of-sciences-engineering-and-medicine-states-climate-science-progress-makes-it-possible-to-accuratel.md) _Context: global warming's_
7. [The U.S. Court of Appeals in New Orleans, Louisiana, in a 2-1 decision, upholds a lower court's injunction that blocks implementation of an Executive order to shield from deportation millions of undocumented immigrants  who entered the United States  as children. The White House is considering an appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court. ](/news/2015/11/9/the-u-s-court-of-appeals-in-new-orleans-louisiana-in-a-2-1-decision-upholds-a-lower-courtas-injunction-that-blocks-implementation-of-a.md) _Context: New Orleans_
8. [2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference (COP21)France is deploying more than 10,000 personnel to provide security for the two-week UN Climate Change Conference that opens in Le Bourget in Paris on Monday, November 30, 2015. Around 150 heads of state or government are expected to attend COP21's  opening day. ](/news/2015/11/26/2015-united-nations-climate-change-conference-cop21-pfrance-is-deploying-more-than-10-000-personnel-to-provide-security-for-the-two-week-un.md) _Context: UN Climate Change Conference_
9. [Sixteen (16) people are wounded in a gunfight between two groups that erupted in a New Orleans park's Bunny Friend playground where hundreds of people gathered for a block party and filming of a music video. No fatalities were reported. The fighters ran from the park immediately after the shooting. ](/news/2015/11/22/sixteen-16-people-are-wounded-in-a-gunfight-between-two-groups-that-erupted-in-a-new-orleans-park-s-bunny-friend-playground-where-hundreds.md) _Context: New Orleans_
10. [French  national public television broadcaster France Televisions fires France 2 TV channel's weatherman  Philippe Verdier, who has been  suspended since mid-October. Verdier, known as "Monsieur Meteo" (Mr Weather), has been promoting his recently published book, ''Climat Investigation'' (Climate Investigation), in which he throws doubt on the global warning findings of leading climate scientists and political leaders.  France Televisions said its rules, "prevent anyone using their professional status ... to push forward their personal opinions."   ](/news/2015/11/2/french-national-public-television-broadcaster-france-ta-c-la-c-visions-fires-france-2-tv-channel-s-weatherman-philippe-verdier-who-has-been.md) _Context: global warming's_
