### [2011-04-9](/news/2011/04/9/index.md)

# Australian army sex scandal:: Australia's Chief of the Defence Force, Air Chief Marshal Angus Houston, describes a broadcast of a young cadet engaging in sexual intercourse at the Australian Defence Force Academy as an "abhorrent" but "isolated" incident. 

THE broadcasting of a young cadet having sex at the Australian Defence Force Academy was an &#039;&#039;abhorrent&#039;&#039; but &#039;&#039;isolated&#039;&#039; incident, says the Chief of Defence Force, Air Chief Marshal Angus Houston.


### Source:

1. [The Sydney Morning Herald](http://media.smh.com.au/selections/adf-rocked-by-more-sex-abuse-claims-2294981.html)
2. [The Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/national/adf-no-school-for-scandal-houston-20110408-1d7ro.html)

### Related:

1. [Lieutenant General David Hurley of the Australian Army is announced as the successor to Air Chief Marshal Angus Houston as the Chief of the Australian Defence Force. ](/news/2011/06/1/lieutenant-general-david-hurley-of-the-australian-army-is-announced-as-the-successor-to-air-chief-marshal-angus-houston-as-the-chief-of-the.md) _Context: Angus Houston, Chief of the Australian Defence Force_
2. [2017 V-22 Osprey crash: The search for three members of the United States Marines Corps lost in a MV-22 Osprey crash in Shoalwater Bay in the Australian state of Queensland is called off. ](/news/2017/08/6/2017-v-22-osprey-crash-the-search-for-three-members-of-the-united-states-marines-corps-lost-in-a-mv-22-osprey-crash-in-shoalwater-bay-in-th.md) _Context: Australia_
3. [2017 V-22 Osprey crash: Searches are underway for three members of the United States Marine Corps missing after a MV-22 Osprey crashed off the coast of the Australian state of Queensland. Twenty three of the twenty six people on board have been rescued. ](/news/2017/08/5/2017-v-22-osprey-crash-searches-are-underway-for-three-members-of-the-united-states-marine-corps-missing-after-a-mv-22-osprey-crashed-off-t.md) _Context: Australia_
4. [Child marriage in Australia: An Imam in Australia who married a 14 year old to a 34 year old will not face jail time despite conviction. [http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/world-news/imam-marries-14-year-old-10661681 ("Daily Mirror") ]](/news/2017/06/21/child-marriage-in-australia-an-imam-in-australia-who-married-a-14-year-old-to-a-34-year-old-will-not-face-jail-time-despite-conviction-ht.md) _Context: Australia_
5. [Manus Regional Processing Centre: Australia agrees to pay AUS$70 million in compensation to 1,905 people who have been detained on Manus Island since 2012, so avoiding a public trial against the government and the Transfield and G4S private companies for the detainees' degrading and cruel treatment. ](/news/2017/06/14/manus-regional-processing-centre-australia-agrees-to-pay-aus-70-million-in-compensation-to-1-905-people-who-have-been-detained-on-manus-isl.md) _Context: Australia_
6. [Rare specimens of daisies from the 1850s originally held in the National Museum of Natural History in Paris were reportedly destroyed by Australia in March allegedly due to incomplete paperwork. ](/news/2017/05/8/rare-specimens-of-daisies-from-the-1850s-originally-held-in-the-national-museum-of-natural-history-in-paris-were-reportedly-destroyed-by-aus.md) _Context: Australia_
7. [The United Kingdom government agrees to sell the UK Green Investment Bank to a group led chiefly by Australian financial firm Macquarie Group for $3 billion, in a deal criticized as not securing the future of the bank. ](/news/2017/04/20/the-united-kingdom-government-agrees-to-sell-the-uk-green-investment-bank-to-a-group-led-chiefly-by-australian-financial-firm-macquarie-grou.md) _Context: Australia_
8. [Australian nationality law: Australia adds stricter requirements to its citizenship application process, including harder tests on English language skills and the requirement that a migrant be able to demonstrate "Australian values". ](/news/2017/04/20/australian-nationality-law-australia-adds-stricter-requirements-to-its-citizenship-application-process-including-harder-tests-on-english-l.md) _Context: Australia_
9. [Cyclone Debbie: The death toll from Cyclone Debbie and the associated flooding in the Australian states of New South Wales and Queensland rises to five people. ](/news/2017/04/2/cyclone-debbie-the-death-toll-from-cyclone-debbie-and-the-associated-flooding-in-the-australian-states-of-new-south-wales-and-queensland-ri.md) _Context: Australia_
10. [ United States Vice President Mike Pence visits Alaska, where he meets with Governor Bill Walker and discusses stationing F-35 squadrons in the state. Pence is beginning a 10-day trip to South Korea, Australia, Indonesia and Japan. ](/news/2017/04/15/united-states-vice-president-mike-pence-visits-alaska-where-he-meets-with-governor-bill-walker-and-discusses-stationing-f-35-squadrons-in.md) _Context: Australia_
