### [2011-04-9](/news/2011/04/9/index.md)

# Forces loyal to Laurent Gbagbo regain ground in Abidjan. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://af.reuters.com/article/topNews/idAFJOE73805Y20110409?sp=true)

### Related:

1. [Dozens of people are killed in fighting between the National Armed Forces of Cote d'Ivoire and forces loyal to former President of the Ivory Coast Laurent Gbagbo in Abidjan. ](/news/2011/05/3/dozens-of-people-are-killed-in-fighting-between-the-national-armed-forces-of-ca-te-d-ivoire-and-forces-loyal-to-former-president-of-the-ivor.md) _Context: Abidjan, Laurent Gbagbo_
2. [Forces loyal to Alassane Ouattara claim to have captured Laurent Gbagbo's Presidential Palace in Abidjan. ](/news/2011/04/5/forces-loyal-to-alassane-ouattara-claim-to-have-captured-laurent-gbagbo-s-presidential-palace-in-abidjan.md) _Context: Abidjan, Laurent Gbagbo_
3. [Laurent Gbagbo is captured and arrested in Abidjan. Gbagbo has been reportedly taken to the headquarters of Alassane Ouattara. French reports claim he was captured by Ouattara supporters while contradictory reports suggest he was captured by French special forces. ](/news/2011/04/11/laurent-gbagbo-is-captured-and-arrested-in-abidjan-gbagbo-has-been-reportedly-taken-to-the-headquarters-of-alassane-ouattara-french-report.md) _Context: Abidjan, Laurent Gbagbo_
4. [2010-2011 Ivorian crisis: Heavy fighting continues in Abidjan, the largest city in the Ivory Coast between forces loyal to current President of the Ivory Coast Laurent Gbagbo and internationally-recognised claimant Alassane Ouattara. ](/news/2011/04/1/2010a2011-ivorian-crisis-heavy-fighting-continues-in-abidjan-the-largest-city-in-the-ivory-coast-between-forces-loyal-to-current-preside.md) _Context: Abidjan, Laurent Gbagbo_
5. [Disputed President Laurent Gbagbo's army chief Phillippe Mangou seeks refuge in the South African ambassador's home in Abidjan. ](/news/2011/03/31/disputed-president-laurent-gbagbo-s-army-chief-phillippe-mangou-seeks-refuge-in-the-south-african-ambassador-s-home-in-abidjan.md) _Context: Abidjan, Laurent Gbagbo_
6. [State television is taken off air in the city of Abidjan, Ivory Coast, during clashes between forces loyal to incumbent President Laurent Gbagbo and rival groups. ](/news/2011/02/27/state-television-is-taken-off-air-in-the-city-of-abidjan-ivory-coast-during-clashes-between-forces-loyal-to-incumbent-president-laurent-gb.md) _Context: Abidjan, Laurent Gbagbo_
7. [State television in Cte d'Ivoire goes off the air outside the capital Abidjan amid a political crisis. The Economic Community of West African States threatens to remove incumbent President Laurent Gbagbo by "legitimate force". ](/news/2010/12/24/state-television-in-cote-d-ivoire-goes-off-the-air-outside-the-capital-abidjan-amid-a-political-crisis-the-economic-community-of-west-afric.md) _Context: Abidjan, Laurent Gbagbo_
8. [ In Abidjan, Cte d'Ivoire, police fire tear gas at hundreds of protesters who want France to withdraw its 3,800 peacekeepers so that the Christian and animist government of President Laurent Gbagbo in the south can march against Muslim rebel-held areas in the north. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/africa/3257264.stm][http://www.iht.com/articles/119994.html]](/news/2003/12/3/in-abidjan-cote-d-ivoire-police-fire-tear-gas-at-hundreds-of-protesters-who-want-france-to-withdraw-its-3-800-peacekeepers-so-that-the-ch.md) _Context: Abidjan, Laurent Gbagbo_
9. [France strongly advises its citizens to leave the Ivory Coast. 1,500 French nationals remain trapped in the airport of the commercial capital Abidjan, which is surrounded by a crowd of around 5,000 supporters of President Laurent Gbagbo. Last week, the French brokered a power-sharing deal between the Government and the Northern rebels.](/news/2003/01/31/france-strongly-advises-its-citizens-to-leave-the-ivory-coast-1-500-french-nationals-remain-trapped-in-the-airport-of-the-commercial-capita.md) _Context: Abidjan, Laurent Gbagbo_
10. [ The first 49 of a promised 1,264 West African peacekeepers arrive at Abidjan, Ivory Coast, to help supervise the cease-fire between the government of President Laurent Gbagbo and the main rebel group, the Patriotic Movement of the Ivory Coast. Rebellion against the Gbagbo government began September 19, 2002. The Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) agreed to send peacekeepers on September 29. The EECOWAS peacekeepers will join 2,500 French forces. Rebel groups occupy the northern half of Ivory Coast.](/news/2003/01/2/the-first-49-of-a-promised-1-264-west-african-peacekeepers-arrive-at-abidjan-ivory-coast-to-help-supervise-the-cease-fire-between-the-gov.md) _Context: Abidjan, Laurent Gbagbo_
