### [2011-04-9](/news/2011/04/9/index.md)

# Over 120 rockets are fired into southern Israel this weekend, wounding 5 people. The Iron Dome missile system intercepts 10 rockets. 

Iron Dome intercepts 10 rockets; Israel reviewing cease-fire proposal; Hamas figure involved in Schalit kidnapping killed.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-13014046)
2. [Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Defense/Article.aspx?id=215882)
3. [The Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/world/israel-plans-more-strikes-in-gaza-strip-20110408-1d7qz.html)

### Related:

1. [At least one rocket is intercepted over Ashdod by Israel's Iron Dome missile defense system, and is believed to have come from the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2015/09/29/at-least-one-rocket-is-intercepted-over-ashdod-by-israel-s-iron-dome-missile-defense-system-and-is-believed-to-have-come-from-the-gaza-stri.md) _Context: Iron Dome, Israel_
2. [Palestinian militants in the Gaza Strip fire rockets towards Hof Ashkelon region in southern Israel; the rockets are intercepted by Israel's Iron Dome defense system. ](/news/2014/02/6/palestinian-militants-in-the-gaza-strip-fire-rockets-towards-hof-ashkelon-region-in-southern-israel-the-rockets-are-intercepted-by-israel-s.md) _Context: Iron Dome, Israel_
3. [United States President Barack Obama is to ask the US Congress for an extra $200m in military aid to help Israel get a short-range rocket defence system called Iron Dome in place against mortar and rocket attacks from Gaza or Southern Lebanon. ](/news/2010/05/16/united-states-president-barack-obama-is-to-ask-the-us-congress-for-an-extra-200m-in-military-aid-to-help-israel-get-a-short-range-rocket-de.md) _Context: Iron Dome, Israel_
4. [It is suspected that Israeli jets bomb a military research facility near the city of Masyaf, Hama Governorate, killing at least two Syrian Army soldiers. The facility was rumoured to contain chemical weapons. ](/news/2017/09/7/it-is-suspected-that-israeli-jets-bomb-a-military-research-facility-near-the-city-of-masyaf-hama-governorate-killing-at-least-two-syrian-a.md) _Context: Israel_
5. [Israel plans to shut down all of Al Jazeera's operations in the country, alleging support of terrorism. ](/news/2017/08/6/israel-plans-to-shut-down-all-of-al-jazeera-s-operations-in-the-country-alleging-support-of-terrorism.md) _Context: Israel_
6. [The world's oldest man, Polish-Israeli Yisrael Kristal, who was also recognized as the oldest living Holocaust survivor, dies at age 113 years, 330 days, in Haifa, Israel. ](/news/2017/08/11/the-world-s-oldest-man-polishaisraeli-yisrael-kristal-who-was-also-recognized-as-the-oldest-living-holocaust-survivor-dies-at-age-113-y.md) _Context: Israel_
7. [The Israeli government says it will remove metal detectors and some cameras recently installed at the entrances to the Temple Mount in Jerusalem that resulted in a wave of protests and some deaths. Instead, less obtrusive surveillance means will be used. ](/news/2017/07/25/the-israeli-government-says-it-will-remove-metal-detectors-and-some-cameras-recently-installed-at-the-entrances-to-the-temple-mount-in-jerus.md) _Context: Israel_
8. [Israel's embassy staff in Jordan, including a security guard involved in a shooting incident in which two Jordanians were killed yesterday, return to Israel from Amman. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu thanked U.S. President Donald Trump and Jordan's King Abdullah for their help and cooperation. ](/news/2017/07/24/israel-s-embassy-staff-in-jordan-including-a-security-guard-involved-in-a-shooting-incident-in-which-two-jordanians-were-killed-yesterday.md) _Context: Israel_
9. [A shooting at the Israeli embassy in Amman, Jordan, leaves one person, a Jordanian, dead, and an Israeli and a Jordanian wounded. There is speculation the attack may be linked to recent events at Jerusalem's Al-Aqsa Mosque. Another Jordanian man was killed inadvertently. ](/news/2017/07/23/a-shooting-at-the-israeli-embassy-in-amman-jordan-leaves-one-person-a-jordanian-dead-and-an-israeli-and-a-jordanian-wounded-there-is-s.md) _Context: Israel_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Israel_
