### [2015-04-27](/news/2015/04/27/index.md)

# Death of Freddie Gray. 2015 Baltimore riots. Violent rioting and protests including looting occur near the Mondawmin Mall in Baltimore after the funeral of Freddie Gray with fifteen Baltimorean police officers being injured. 

Rioters hurled bricks, looted businesses and set fires in Baltimore on Monday in violence that injured at least seven police officers following the funeral of a 25-year-old black man who died after he was injured in police custody.


### Source:

1. [ABC News Baltimore](http://6abc.com/news/baltimore-mayor-imposes-curfew-governor-declares-state-of-emergency/683647/)
2. [AP via ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/maryland-governor-puts-national-guard-alert-respond-baltimore-30627594)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/27/us-usa-police-baltimore-idUSKBN0NI1N720150427)
4. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2015/04/27/baltimore-credible-threat/26454875/)

### Related:

1. [Death of Freddie Gray, 2015 Baltimore riots: About 200 people have been arrested in the American city of Baltimore for rioting; 20 Baltimore Police Department officers are injured and 144 cars set on fire. Schools in the city have been closed. ](/news/2015/04/28/death-of-freddie-gray-2015-baltimore-riots-about-200-people-have-been-arrested-in-the-american-city-of-baltimore-for-rioting-20-baltimore.md) _Context: 2015 Baltimore riots, Baltimore, Police Department, death of Freddie Gray_
2. [Death of Freddie Gray. A grand jury in the American city of Baltimore indicts six police officers relating to the death of Freddie Gray in police custody. All six officers will face charges of reckless endangerment. ](/news/2015/05/21/death-of-freddie-gray-a-grand-jury-in-the-american-city-of-baltimore-indicts-six-police-officers-relating-to-the-death-of-freddie-gray-in-p.md) _Context: Baltimore, Police Department, death of Freddie Gray_
3. [Death of Freddie Gray. Marilyn Mosby, the State Attorney for Baltimore, Maryland, rules that the death of Freddie Gray was a homicide and six officers of the Baltimore Police Department had been negligent in his death. ](/news/2015/05/1/death-of-freddie-gray-marilyn-mosby-the-state-attorney-for-baltimore-maryland-rules-that-the-death-of-freddie-gray-was-a-homicide-and-si.md) _Context: Baltimore, Police Department, death of Freddie Gray_
4. [Baltimore prosecutors drop all charges against the final three police officers with pending cases in the death of Freddie Gray. None of the six cases resulted in a conviction. ](/news/2016/07/27/baltimore-prosecutors-drop-all-charges-against-the-final-three-police-officers-with-pending-cases-in-the-death-of-freddie-gray-none-of-the.md) _Context: Baltimore, death of Freddie Gray_
5. [Death of Freddie Gray. Baltimore police officer Caesar Goodson is cleared of all charges for the murder of Freddie Gray, a black detainee, on April 19, 2015. ](/news/2016/06/23/death-of-freddie-gray-baltimore-police-officer-caesar-goodson-is-cleared-of-all-charges-for-the-murder-of-freddie-gray-a-black-detainee-o.md) _Context: Baltimore, death of Freddie Gray_
6. [Death of Freddie Gray. Judge Barry Williams finds Baltimore, Maryland, Police Officer Edward Nero not guilty of all charges. Nero was accused of second-degree intentional assault, two counts of misconduct in office, and reckless endangerment. Community leaders and elected officials appeal for calm. ](/news/2016/05/23/death-of-freddie-gray-judge-barry-williams-finds-baltimore-maryland-police-officer-edward-nero-not-guilty-of-all-charges-nero-was-accuse.md) _Context: Baltimore, death of Freddie Gray_
7. [After the jury fails to reach a unanimous decision, a Baltimore, Maryland, judge declares a mistrial in the trial of police officer William Porter, the first officer to be charged in the death of Freddie Gray. ](/news/2015/12/16/after-the-jury-fails-to-reach-a-unanimous-decision-a-baltimore-maryland-judge-declares-a-mistrial-in-the-trial-of-police-officer-william.md) _Context: Baltimore, death of Freddie Gray_
8. [A Baltimore, Maryland deadlocked jury was told by the trial judge to resume deliberations after closing arguments in the first trial of police officer William Porter, charged in the death of Freddie Gray. With demonstrations and unrest following the death, the city has cancelled leave for police officers and the mayor has called for calm when a verdict is announced. ](/news/2015/12/15/a-baltimore-maryland-deadlocked-jury-was-told-by-the-trial-judge-to-resume-deliberations-after-closing-arguments-in-the-first-trial-of-poli.md) _Context: Baltimore, death of Freddie Gray_
9. [Jury selection begins for the trial of William Porter, a Baltimore, Maryland police officer charged with manslaughter and other charges surrounding the April 19 death of Freddie Gray. Porter is the first of six officers to be tried. ](/news/2015/11/30/jury-selection-begins-for-the-trial-of-william-porter-a-baltimore-maryland-police-officer-charged-with-manslaughter-and-other-charges-surr.md) _Context: Baltimore, death of Freddie Gray_
10. [Death of Freddie Gray. The U.S. city of Baltimore, Maryland, agrees to a $6.4 million settlement with relatives over the death of Freddie Gray. ](/news/2015/09/8/death-of-freddie-gray-the-u-s-city-of-baltimore-maryland-agrees-to-a-6-4-million-settlement-with-relatives-over-the-death-of-freddie-gr.md) _Context: Baltimore, death of Freddie Gray_
