### [2015-04-27](/news/2015/04/27/index.md)

# Kazakhstani presidential election, 2015. The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe reports that the voters in the presidential elections in Kazakhstan had a limited choice due to the lack of opposition and restrictions on free political expression. Kazakhstan's freshly re-elected president has been ruling the country since the time of the Soviet Union. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters via ''Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/reuters/article-3057174/Kazakh-voters-limited-choice-election--OSCE.html?ITO=1490&ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490)

### Related:

1. [Kazakhstani presidential election, 2015. Voters in Kazakhstan go to the polls for a presidential election with incumbent President Nursultan Nazarbayev winning with 97.7 percent of the vote. He has been ruling the country since 1984 in one form or another. ](/news/2015/04/26/kazakhstani-presidential-election-2015-voters-in-kazakhstan-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-with-incumbent-president-nursultan.md) _Context: Kazakhstan, Kazakhstani presidential election, 2015_
2. [Kazakhstan hosts its first OSCE summit in a decade. ](/news/2010/12/1/kazakhstan-hosts-its-first-osce-summit-in-a-decade.md) _Context: Kazakhstan, OSCE_
3. [ It is now widely expected that Kazakhstan will head the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe in 2009 despite strong opposition from the United States. Kazakh President Nazarbayev is visiting Brussels, Belgium, which supports Kazakhstan's bid, and he recently visited London, meeting with Prime Minister Tony Blair, whose government also supports Kazakhstan. ](/news/2006/12/4/it-is-now-widely-expected-that-kazakhstan-will-head-the-organization-for-security-and-co-operation-in-europe-in-2009-despite-strong-opposit.md) _Context: Kazakhstan, OSCE_
4. [Armenian parliamentary election, 2017. Authorities declare that the Republican Party, led by President Serzh Sargsyan, wins the Armenia election amid accusations by opposition parties and the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe of voting irregularities. ](/news/2017/04/3/armenian-parliamentary-election-2017-authorities-declare-that-the-republican-party-led-by-president-serzh-sargsyan-wins-the-armenia-elec.md) _Context: OSCE_
5. [War in Donbass. A U.S. member of the OSCE monitoring mission is killed and two others injured after their vehicle drives over a land mine near Luhansk. ](/news/2017/04/23/war-in-donbass-a-u-s-member-of-the-osce-monitoring-mission-is-killed-and-two-others-injured-after-their-vehicle-drives-over-a-land-mine-ne.md) _Context: OSCE_
6. [Turkish constitutional referendum, 2017. The European Commission, based on the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe report, calls on Turkey to launch an investigation into allegations of referendum voting irregularities. ](/news/2017/04/18/turkish-constitutional-referendum-2017-the-european-commission-based-on-the-organization-for-security-and-co-operation-in-europe-report.md) _Context: OSCE_
7. [Syrian peace process. The second day of peace negotiations in Astana, Kazakhstan, end with the sponsors of the talks, Russia, Turkey and Iran, agreeing to set up commission between the three to monitor and enforce the fragile ceasefire to the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2017/01/24/syrian-peace-process-the-second-day-of-peace-negotiations-in-astana-kazakhstan-end-with-the-sponsors-of-the-talks-russia-turkey-and-ira.md) _Context: Kazakhstan_
8. [Syrian peace process. Peace talks in Astana, Kazakhstan, between the Syrian opposition and the Syrian Government, meant to build on a fragile ceasefire currently in effect in the Syrian Civil War, end with no breakthrough reported. ](/news/2017/01/23/syrian-peace-process-peace-talks-in-astana-kazakhstan-between-the-syrian-opposition-and-the-syrian-government-meant-to-build-on-a-fragil.md) _Context: Kazakhstan_
9. [Syrian Civil War. Syrian peace process. The Syrian Opposition agree to attend peace talks with the Syrian government in Astana, Kazakhstan, in order to press for a ceasefire to the conflict. ](/news/2017/01/16/syrian-civil-war-syrian-peace-process-the-syrian-opposition-agree-to-attend-peace-talks-with-the-syrian-government-in-astana-kazakhstan.md) _Context: Kazakhstan_
10. [United Nations Security Council election, 2016. Bolivia, Ethiopia, Italy, Kazakhstan, and Sweden begin their terms on the United Nations Security Council, replacing Angola, Malaysia, New Zealand, Spain, and Venezuela. ](/news/2017/01/1/united-nations-security-council-election-2016-bolivia-ethiopia-italy-kazakhstan-and-sweden-begin-their-terms-on-the-united-nations-sec.md) _Context: Kazakhstan_
