### [2015-04-27](/news/2015/04/27/index.md)

# Sudan's Electoral Commission declares that incumbent President of Sudan Omar al-Bashir won re-election with 94.4 per cent of the vote extending his 25 year rule. He has been indicted multiple times by the International Criminal Court for being personally responsible for war crimes committed in Darfur and elsewhere in Sudan. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/M/ML_SUDAN_ELECTION?SITE=AP&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT)

### Related:

1. [ Prosecutors at the International Criminal Court challenge a tribunal's decision not to indict Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir on charges of genocide in Darfur. ](/news/2009/07/7/prosecutors-at-the-international-criminal-court-challenge-a-tribunal-s-decision-not-to-indict-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-on-charges.md) _Context: Darfur, International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, President of Sudan, Sudan_
2. [The High Court in Pretoria rules that the President of Sudan Omar Al-Bashir should be arrested in South Africa and detained pending a formal request from the International Criminal Court. However, immediately after the ruling, the South African Government announces that Al-Bashir has already departed. He is wanted in connection with the war in Darfur. ](/news/2015/06/15/the-high-court-in-pretoria-rules-that-the-president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-should-be-arrested-in-south-africa-and-detained-pending-a-formal.md) _Context: Darfur, International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, President of Sudan_
3. [ The African Union stops cooperation with the International Criminal Court because it charged Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir with war crimes. ](/news/2009/07/3/the-african-union-stops-cooperation-with-the-international-criminal-court-because-it-charged-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-with-war-cri.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, President of Sudan, Sudan_
4. [ The International Criminal Court issues an arrest warrant for Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir for a five-year campaign of violence in Darfur. ](/news/2009/03/4/the-international-criminal-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-for-a-five-year-campaign-of-violence-in-dar.md) _Context: Darfur, International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, Sudan_
5. [ Luis Moreno-Ocampo, the Prosecutor for the International Criminal Court, accuses Sudanese president Omar al-Bashir of genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes in Darfur. ](/news/2008/07/14/luis-moreno-ocampo-the-prosecutor-for-the-international-criminal-court-accuses-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-of-genocide-crimes-agai.md) _Context: Darfur, International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, Sudan_
6. [South Africa formally begins the process of withdrawing from the International Criminal Court amid a dispute over the country's refusal to arrest Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir at last year's African Union summit in Johannesburg. ](/news/2016/10/21/south-africa-formally-begins-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-the-international-criminal-court-amid-a-dispute-over-the-country-s-refusal-to-a.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, Sudan_
7. [South Africa reviews its participation in the International Criminal Court following a failed attempt to arrest the President of Sudan, Omar al-Bashir, on South African soil. ](/news/2015/06/25/south-africa-reviews-its-participation-in-the-international-criminal-court-following-a-failed-attempt-to-arrest-the-president-of-sudan-omar.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, President of Sudan_
8. [The International Criminal Court asks South Africa to arrest the President of Sudan Omar al-Bashir for alleged war crimes when he arrives at the African Union summit. ](/news/2015/06/14/the-international-criminal-court-asks-south-africa-to-arrest-the-president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-for-alleged-war-crimes-when-he-arrives-at.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, President of Sudan_
9. [Sudan frees seven political prisoners, a day after President Omar al-Bashir orders the release of all such detainees. ](/news/2013/04/2/sudan-frees-seven-political-prisoners-a-day-after-president-omar-al-bashir-orders-the-release-of-all-such-detainees.md) _Context: Omar al-Bashir, President of Sudan, Sudan_
10. [Sudan's President Omar al-Bashir visits South Sudan for the first time since the country won its independence in 2011 to meet with President Salva Kiir. ](/news/2013/04/12/sudan-s-president-omar-al-bashir-visits-south-sudan-for-the-first-time-since-the-country-won-its-independence-in-2011-to-meet-with-president.md) _Context: Omar al-Bashir, President of Sudan, Sudan_
