### [2014-01-27](/news/2014/01/27/index.md)

# The governing body of the Egyptian military approves Field Marshal Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, who led the coup d'tat that overthrew President Mohamed Morsi in July 2013, to run for the presidency in the upcoming election. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-25917452)

### Related:

1. [Egyptian Field Marshal Abdel Fattah el-Sisi resigns from his position as Minister of Defense and announces his bid for the upcoming presidential election. ](/news/2014/03/26/egyptian-field-marshal-abdel-fattah-el-sisi-resigns-from-his-position-as-minister-of-defense-and-announces-his-bid-for-the-upcoming-presiden.md) _Context: Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, Egyptian military, Egyptian presidential election, 2014_
2. [Egypt-Saudi Arabia relations: An Egyptian court, while not final, reverses the decision by President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi to cede Tiran and Sanafir Island to Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2016/06/21/egypt-saudi-arabia-relations-an-egyptian-court-while-not-final-reverses-the-decision-by-president-abdel-fattah-el-sisi-to-cede-tiran-an.md) _Context: Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, Egyptian President_
3. [Mohamed Morsi, former President of Egypt, is sentenced to life imprisonment and another 15 years for his role in allegedly leaking government secrets to Qatar. Six people, including two Al-Jazeera employees, are sentenced to death. ](/news/2016/06/18/mohamed-morsi-former-president-of-egypt-is-sentenced-to-life-imprisonment-and-another-15-years-for-his-role-in-allegedly-leaking-governmen.md) _Context: Egyptian President, Mohamed Morsi_
4. [Egypt-Saudi Arabia relations: King of Saudi Arabia Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud announces, during his trip to Cairo, that a bridge crossing the Red Sea will be built, linking Egypt and Saudi Arabia. Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi says the bridge will be named after the Saudi monarch. A Saudi-Egypt Causeway project has been in the works for years. ](/news/2016/04/8/egypt-saudi-arabia-relations-king-of-saudi-arabia-salman-bin-abdulaziz-al-saud-announces-during-his-trip-to-cairo-that-a-bridge-crossin.md) _Context: Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, Egyptian President_
5. [Egypt tries 237 activists, who face jail terms of up to three years, arrested for protesting without permits against President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi. Thousands demonstrated this month following the Sisi government's decision to hand over two uninhabited islands in the Straits of Tiran to Saudi Arabia. Human Rights Watch says at least 382 had been arrested. ](/news/2016/04/30/egypt-tries-237-activists-who-face-jail-terms-of-up-to-three-years-arrested-for-protesting-without-permits-against-president-abdel-fattah.md) _Context: Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, Egyptian President_
6. [Riot police violently break up an anti-Sisi protest in Cairo, Egypt. In the first sign of public discontent with President Sisi's rule, hundreds of people gathered and shouted slogans calling for his overthrow. ](/news/2016/04/15/riot-police-violently-break-up-an-anti-sisi-protest-in-cairo-egypt-in-the-first-sign-of-public-discontent-with-president-sisi-s-rule-hund.md) _Context: Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, Egyptian President_
7. [Metrojet Flight 9268: Two months after Egypt's Civil Aviation Ministry ruled out terrorism in Flight 9268's crash, President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi admits an ISIS bomb downed the Russian passenger jet. The terrorist group's Sinai Peninsula Branch claimed responsibility shortly after the incident. ](/news/2016/02/24/metrojet-flight-9268-two-months-after-egypt-s-civil-aviation-ministry-ruled-out-terrorism-in-flight-9268-s-crash-president-abdel-fattah-el.md) _Context: Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, Egyptian President_
8. [Egyptian parliamentary election, 2015: Egyptians residing abroad begin casting votes in the country's first parliamentary election since the 2013 military overthrow of President Mohamed Morsi. Embassies and consulates in 139 countries will be open for two days of voting. ](/news/2015/10/17/egyptian-parliamentary-election-2015-egyptians-residing-abroad-begin-casting-votes-in-the-country-s-first-parliamentary-election-since-the.md) _Context: Egyptian President, Mohamed Morsi_
9. [An Egyptian court sentences former President Mohamed Morsi to life in prison for conspiring with foreign groups and upholds an earlier preliminary death sentence issued for a prison break. Muslim Brotherhood leader Khairat el-Shater and two others are given death sentences. ](/news/2015/06/16/an-egyptian-court-sentences-former-president-mohamed-morsi-to-life-in-prison-for-conspiring-with-foreign-groups-and-upholds-an-earlier-preli.md) _Context: Egyptian President, Mohamed Morsi_
10. [An Egyptian court sentences deposed President Mohamed Morsi to death for his part in the Egyptian Revolution of 2011. ](/news/2015/05/16/an-egyptian-court-sentences-deposed-president-mohamed-morsi-to-death-for-his-part-in-the-egyptian-revolution-of-2011.md) _Context: Egyptian President, Mohamed Morsi_
