### [2003-06-20](/news/2003/06/20/index.md)

#  The "Houston Chronicle" reports that Bill Sikora, who advised NASA in 1989 on how to evade Freedom of Information Act requests, is now working as legal counsel on the agency's Space Shuttle Columbia disaster investigation board.




### Related:

1. [ Documents revealed under Freedom of Information legislation reveals that NASA paid $26.6 million to families of the astronauts aboard the Space Shuttle "Columbia" when it disintegrated during re-entry in 2003. ](/news/2007/04/15/documents-revealed-under-freedom-of-information-legislation-reveals-that-nasa-paid-26-6-million-to-families-of-the-astronauts-aboard-the-s.md) _Context: NASA, disintegrated during re-entry_
2. [ NASA's planned launch of STS-114, Space Shuttle "Discovery" from pad 39B at the Kennedy Space Center at 3:51pm EDT (1951 UTC) is delayed due to a problem with the fuel level sensors. This would have been the first manned space launch by NASA since the loss of "Columbia" over 2 years ago. ](/news/2005/07/13/nasa-s-planned-launch-of-sts-114-space-shuttle-discovery-from-pad-39b-at-the-kennedy-space-center-at-3-51pm-edt-1951-utc-is-delayed-du.md) _Context: NASA, disintegrated during re-entry_
3. [ NASA investigators cracked a reinforced carbon fiber wing by shooting it with a piece of insulation, providing more evidence that falling insulation may have caused the Space Shuttle Columbia disaster.](/news/2003/06/6/nasa-investigators-cracked-a-reinforced-carbon-fiber-wing-by-shooting-it-with-a-piece-of-insulation-providing-more-evidence-that-falling-i.md) _Context: NASA, disintegrated during re-entry_
4. [ Space Shuttle Columbia disaster: NASA officials release experimental findings proving that the insulation known to have hit the leading edge of "Columbia"'s left wing could have created a gap in between protective heat panels.](/news/2003/05/29/space-shuttle-columbia-disaster-nasa-officials-release-experimental-findings-proving-that-the-insulation-known-to-have-hit-the-leading-edg.md) _Context: NASA, disintegrated during re-entry_
5. [Results of the Juno mission are announced by NASA researchers, revealing new and unexpected information concerning Jupiter's poles, meteorology, and magnetic and gravitational fields. ](/news/2017/05/25/results-of-the-juno-mission-are-announced-by-nasa-researchers-revealing-new-and-unexpected-information-concerning-jupiter-s-poles-meteorol.md) _Context: NASA_
6. [Peggy Whitson, commander of the International Space Station (ISS), breaks the record for most total days spent in space by any NASA astronaut, at more than 534 days. ](/news/2017/04/24/peggy-whitson-commander-of-the-international-space-station-iss-breaks-the-record-for-most-total-days-spent-in-space-by-any-nasa-astronau.md) _Context: NASA_
7. [NASA announces Saturn's moon Enceladus has the conditions in its global subsurface ocean to support life. ](/news/2017/04/13/nasa-announces-saturn-s-moon-enceladus-has-the-conditions-in-its-global-subsurface-ocean-to-support-life.md) _Context: NASA_
8. [U.S. Congress passes a bill that mandates NASA send humans to Mars by 2033. ](/news/2017/03/8/u-s-congress-passes-a-bill-that-mandates-nasa-send-humans-to-mars-by-2033.md) _Context: NASA_
9. [NASA astronaut Shane Kimbrough and ESA astronaut Thomas Pesquet take a spacewalk outside of the International Space Station to prepare the vessel for new arrivals. ](/news/2017/03/24/nasa-astronaut-shane-kimbrough-and-esa-astronaut-thomas-pesquet-take-a-spacewalk-outside-of-the-international-space-station-to-prepare-the-v.md) _Context: NASA_
10. [NASA and the European Southern Observatory announce the discovery of four new Earth-like planets in the Goldilocks zone of the star TRAPPIST-1, in addition to the three discovered there last year. ](/news/2017/02/22/nasa-and-the-european-southern-observatory-announce-the-discovery-of-four-new-earth-like-planets-in-the-goldilocks-zone-of-the-star-trappist.md) _Context: NASA_
