### [2003-06-20](/news/2003/06/20/index.md)

#  The "Christian Science Monitor" apologises to George Galloway for falsely alleging that he received ten million dollars from Saddam Hussein. Galloway refuses to accept the apology.




### Related:

1. [ George Galloway, British MP and anti-war campaigner, appears before the United States Senate to defend himself against charges that he profited from Saddam Hussein's regime, launching a tirade against the senators who had accused him and attacking the war in Iraq. ](/news/2005/05/17/george-galloway-british-mp-and-anti-war-campaigner-appears-before-the-united-states-senate-to-defend-himself-against-charges-that-he-prof.md) _Context: George Galloway, Saddam Hussein_
2. [ A United States Senate probe releases evidence showing two prominent British and French politicians received vouchers for millions of barrels of Iraqi oil in exchange for their support of Saddam Hussein's regime. George Galloway is accused of using the Mariam Appeal, the children's leukemia charity he founded, to conceal the transfer of 3 million barrels of oil, although he denies any wrongdoing. ](/news/2005/05/12/a-united-states-senate-probe-releases-evidence-showing-two-prominent-british-and-french-politicians-received-vouchers-for-millions-of-barre.md) _Context: George Galloway, Saddam Hussein_
3. [British Member of Parliament and anti-war activist George Galloway wins his libel case against the "Daily Telegraph", which during the invasion of Iraq had published a story suggesting that Galloway had been in the pay of Saddam Hussein. ](/news/2004/12/2/british-member-of-parliament-and-anti-war-activist-george-galloway-wins-his-libel-case-against-the-daily-telegraph-which-during-the-invas.md) _Context: George Galloway, Saddam Hussein_
4. [Newly declassified CIA documents show that top officials in the Reagan administration agreed to give Iraq information on the location of Iranian troops during the Iran-Iraq War despite awareness of Saddam Hussein's intention to use chemical weapons. ](/news/2013/08/26/newly-declassified-cia-documents-show-that-top-officials-in-the-reagan-administration-agreed-to-give-iraq-information-on-the-location-of-ira.md) _Context: Saddam Hussein_
5. [Respect MP George Galloway writes to British home secretary Theresa May and makes a complaint to the police about his secretary Aisha Ali-Khan, claiming that she was working as an "agent" for a Metropolitan police counterterrorism officer who was running a "dirty tricks" campaign against him. ](/news/2012/10/19/respect-mp-george-galloway-writes-to-british-home-secretary-theresa-may-and-makes-a-complaint-to-the-police-about-his-secretary-aisha-ali-kh.md) _Context: George Galloway_
6. [Bradford West by-election: Respect Party candidate George Galloway tours the City of Bradford on an open-top bus in celebration of his shock victory over Labour, a result which has been described as the "Bradford Spring". ](/news/2012/03/30/bradford-west-by-election-respect-party-candidate-george-galloway-tours-the-city-of-bradford-on-an-open-top-bus-in-celebration-of-his-shock.md) _Context: George Galloway_
7. [George Galloway of the Respect Party wins the United Kingdom House of Commons constituency of Bradford West in a by-election. ](/news/2012/03/29/george-galloway-of-the-respect-party-wins-the-united-kingdom-house-of-commons-constituency-of-bradford-west-in-a-by-election.md) _Context: George Galloway_
8. [The United Nations votes to lift sanctions imposed on Iraq during the Saddam Hussein era. ](/news/2010/12/15/the-united-nations-votes-to-lift-sanctions-imposed-on-iraq-during-the-saddam-hussein-era.md) _Context: Saddam Hussein_
9. [Former Foreign Minister of Iraq Tariq Aziz is sentenced to death for persecuting members of the Islamic Dawa Party during Saddam Hussein's regime. ](/news/2010/10/26/former-foreign-minister-of-iraq-tariq-aziz-is-sentenced-to-death-for-persecuting-members-of-the-islamic-dawa-party-during-saddam-hussein-s-r.md) _Context: Saddam Hussein_
10. [Saddam Hussein's former foreign minister Tariq Aziz and other senior members are summoned and appear in an Iraqi court charged with "squandering the public wealth". ](/news/2010/07/18/saddam-hussein-s-former-foreign-minister-tariq-aziz-and-other-senior-members-are-summoned-and-appear-in-an-iraqi-court-charged-with-squande.md) _Context: Saddam Hussein_
