### [2015-08-22](/news/2015/08/22/index.md)

# The Prime Minister of Russia Dmitry Medvedev visits the disputed Kuril Islands prompting a protest from Japan. 

TOKYO/ITURUP (Reuters) - Japan on Saturday lodged a protest over Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev&#x27;s visit to one of four disputed Pacific islands which have strained ties between the two countries since the end of World War Two. The decades-old argument over the territory, claimed by both


### Source:

1. [Reuters via Yahoo](http://news.yahoo.com/japan-protests-russian-pms-visit-disputed-island-051031101.html)

### Related:

1. [Japan temporarily recalls its ambassador to Russia amid a dispute over a visit by President Dmitry Medvedev to the Kuril Islands. ](/news/2010/11/2/japan-temporarily-recalls-its-ambassador-to-russia-amid-a-dispute-over-a-visit-by-president-dmitry-medvedev-to-the-kuril-islands.md) _Context: Dmitry Medvedev, Japan, Kuril Islands_
2. [Disputed islands:The President of Russia Dmitry Medvedev visits Kunashiri, one of the southern Kuril Islands that are the subject of the Kuril Islands dispute between Russia and Japan. ](/news/2010/11/1/disputed-islands-pthe-president-of-russia-dmitry-medvedev-visits-kunashiri-one-of-the-southern-kuril-islands-that-are-the-subject-of-the-ku.md) _Context: Dmitry Medvedev, Japan, Kuril Islands_
3. [Russia announces it will deploy state-of-the art missile defense systems to the far eastern Kuril Islands where they and Japan have rival territorial claims dating to the end of the Second World War. Russian Defence Minister Sergey Shoygu also says that Russia will form new defence units in the country's Western Military District in response to NATO's recent deployment of forces to member states near its border. ](/news/2016/03/25/russia-announces-it-will-deploy-state-of-the-art-missile-defense-systems-to-the-far-eastern-kuril-islands-where-they-and-japan-have-rival-te.md) _Context: Japan, Kuril Islands_
4. [At the 52nd Munich Security Conference in Germany, NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg says that NATO and Russia are "not in a cold-war situation but also not in the partnership that we established at the end of the Cold War" while the Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev says tensions between Russia and NATO have sent the world spiralling into a "new Cold War", blaming U.S. and European leaders for the souring of relations with Russia. He also rejected accusations that Russian warplanes have bombed civilians in Syria, saying it is "just not true". ](/news/2016/02/13/at-the-52nd-munich-security-conference-in-germany-nato-secretary-general-jens-stoltenberg-says-that-nato-and-russia-are-not-in-a-cold-war.md) _Context: Dmitry Medvedev, Prime Minister_
5. [Russian Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu announces Russia plans to build a new military base on the Kuril Islands, a group of Pacific islands it seized from Japan at the end of World War II. ](/news/2015/10/22/russian-defence-minister-sergei-shoigu-announces-russia-plans-to-build-a-new-military-base-on-the-kuril-islands-a-group-of-pacific-islands.md) _Context: Japan, Kuril Islands_
6. [Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev calls for Russian punk band Pussy Riot to be freed, saying that their further imprisonment is "unproductive". ](/news/2012/09/13/russian-prime-minister-dmitry-medvedev-calls-for-russian-punk-band-pussy-riot-to-be-freed-saying-that-their-further-imprisonment-is-unprod.md) _Context: Dmitry Medvedev, Prime Minister_
7. [At the United Russia Congress, Prime Minister Vladimir Putin accepts President Dmitry Medvedev's proposal to run in the 2012 Russian presidential election. ](/news/2011/09/24/at-the-united-russia-congress-prime-minister-vladimir-putin-accepts-president-dmitry-medvedev-s-proposal-to-run-in-the-2012-russian-preside.md) _Context: Dmitry Medvedev, Prime Minister_
8. [Russian President Dmitry Medvedev orders Prime Minister Vladimir Putin to remove his deputies on the boards of state companies by 1 July. ](/news/2011/04/3/russian-president-dmitry-medvedev-orders-prime-minister-vladimir-putin-to-remove-his-deputies-on-the-boards-of-state-companies-by-1-july.md) _Context: Dmitry Medvedev, Prime Minister_
9. [The leaders of Russia and Japan are to meet to discuss the disputed Kuril Islands. ](/news/2010/11/12/the-leaders-of-russia-and-japan-are-to-meet-to-discuss-the-disputed-kuril-islands.md) _Context: Japan, Kuril Islands_
10. [ Russian President Dmitry Medvedev criticizes Prime Minister Vladimir Putin's government for not acting quickly enough to deal with the current financial crisis. ](/news/2009/01/11/russian-president-dmitry-medvedev-criticizes-prime-minister-vladimir-putin-s-government-for-not-acting-quickly-enough-to-deal-with-the-curr.md) _Context: Dmitry Medvedev, Prime Minister_
