### [2004-03-4](/news/2004/03/4/index.md)

#  Israeli tanks (around 15 armoured vehicles escorted by several bulldozers) enter the town of Rafah in the southern Gaza Strip, exchanging gunfire with resistance and later demolishing a four-storey building, claiming "anti-terrorist operations". 




### Source:

1. [Australian](http://www.theaustralian.news.com.au/common/story_page/0,5744,8867267%255E1702,00.html)

### Related:

1. [Four Egyptian security personnel are killed and another four are injured by a roadside bomb near the border town Rafah in the Sinai Peninsula. Islamist militants are suspected to have remotely detonated the device as an armored vehicle drove by the town's center, near the border with the Gaza Strip and Israel, security sources told Ahram Online. ](/news/2015/12/8/four-egyptian-security-personnel-are-killed-and-another-four-are-injured-by-a-roadside-bomb-near-the-border-town-rafah-in-the-sinai-peninsul.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Rafah_
2. [In response to the mortars fired into Israel that hit a government building, Israeli warplanes bomb smuggling tunnels between Egypt and the Gaza Strip, with one person being wounded in an air attack in Rafah. ](/news/2010/06/25/in-response-to-the-mortars-fired-into-israel-that-hit-a-government-building-israeli-warplanes-bomb-smuggling-tunnels-between-egypt-and-the.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Rafah_
3. [ After Palestinians fire a Qassam rocket that explodes in an open area of the city of Ashkelon, Israeli planes launch air strikes on several targets in the Gaza Strip, in locations which include Gaza City, Khan Yunis and Rafah. ](/news/2010/04/1/after-palestinians-fire-a-qassam-rocket-that-explodes-in-an-open-area-of-the-city-of-ashkelon-israeli-planes-launch-air-strikes-on-several.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Rafah_
4. [Israeli warplanes bomb a smuggling tunnel east of Rafah in the southern Gaza Strip in an early morning raid close to the Egyptian border in response to a Palestinian rocket attack which landed in an open area south of the city of Ashkelon, causing no damage or casualties. ](/news/2010/03/22/israeli-warplanes-bomb-a-smuggling-tunnel-east-of-rafah-in-the-southern-gaza-strip-in-an-early-morning-raid-close-to-the-egyptian-border-in.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Rafah_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli Airstrikes on Palestinian targets continue, with the Israel Defense Forces firing missiles in Gaza, knocking out the power supply to the East of the city, the Khan Yunis refugee camp and Rafah. Hamas had earlier declared an end to rocket attacks following pressure from the Palestinian National Authority and Egypt. ](/news/2005/09/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-targets-continue-with-the-israel-defense-forces-firing-missiles-in-gaza-k.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Rafah_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli incursion leaves 1,240 Palestinians homeless, UN agency finds. The Israeli demolition of refugee shelters in Rafah camp on the southern Gaza Strip last week has left 1,240 people homeless, United Nations relief workers state.](/news/2003/10/13/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-incursion-leaves-1-240-palestinians-homeless-un-agency-finds-the-israeli-demolition-of-refugee-shel.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Rafah_
7. [Israel charges a UN administrative manager of being a Hamas-linked operative from Gaza. ](/news/2016/08/9/israel-charges-a-un-administrative-manager-of-being-a-hamas-linked-operative-from-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel_
8. [A Turkish ship carrying humanitarian aid for the Gaza Strip docks at the Israeli port city of Ashdod, the first warming move between the two countries since relations began to improve. Relations between Turkey and Israel were tense since the 2010 Gaza flotilla raid but ended last week when Turkey agreed to normalize ties in a diplomatic treaty. ](/news/2016/07/4/a-turkish-ship-carrying-humanitarian-aid-for-the-gaza-strip-docks-at-the-israeli-port-city-of-ashdod-the-first-warming-move-between-the-two.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel_
9. [A Palestinian woman is killed and another person is injured in the Gaza Strip by tank fire from Israel. Israel said it responded to mortar rounds and the discovery of another tunnel by Hamas. ](/news/2016/05/5/a-palestinian-woman-is-killed-and-another-person-is-injured-in-the-gaza-strip-by-tank-fire-from-israel-israel-said-it-responded-to-mortar-r.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel_
10. [Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israel-border-there-were-no-casualti.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel_
