### [2007-06-13](/news/2007/06/13/index.md)

#  Hamas militants kill at least 16 Palestinians, including 2 UNRWA workers and 13 Fatah members, as clashes intensify in the Gaza Strip. 




### Source:

1. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/870548.html)

### Related:

1. [ Palestinian civil skirmishes:  Five people have been killed and 12 injured after gun battles erupted between armed Palestinians loyal to Hamas and Fatah in the Gaza Strip.  ](/news/2006/12/19/palestinian-civil-skirmishes-p-five-people-have-been-killed-and-12-injured-after-gun-battles-erupted-between-armed-palestinians-loyal-to-h.md) _Context: Fatah, Gaza Strip, Hamas, Palestinian_
2. [ Interim Israeli Prime minister Ehud Olmert postpones until Sunday official discourse which would ban Palestinian movements between Gaza and the West Bank, bar Palestinians from working in Israel and stop transfer of {{Nowrap|$50 million}} tax receipts to the Palestinian Authority. All these measures, criticized by Israeli Labor Party leader Amir Peretz, follows the victory of Hamas over Fatah during the January 2006 legislative elections. [http://today.reuters.com/news/NewsArticle.aspx?type=topNews&storyID=uri:2006-02-17T153806Z_01_L17580155_RTRUKOC_0_US-MIDEAST.xml&pageNumber=0&summit= (Reuters)] [http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/I/ISRAEL_PALESTINIANS?SITE=WKHG&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT (AP)].](/news/2006/02/17/interim-israeli-prime-minister-ehud-olmert-postpones-until-sunday-official-discourse-which-would-ban-palestinian-movements-between-gaza-and.md) _Context: Fatah, Gaza Strip, Hamas, Palestinian_
3. [Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence.  ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapsed-a-nearby-house-killing-a-30-y.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Palestinian_
4. [Fatah and Hamas agree to form a unity government on the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2014/09/26/fatah-and-hamas-agree-to-form-a-unity-government-on-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Fatah, Gaza Strip, Hamas_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:Israel suspends peace talks with the Palestinian Authority following an announcement of a unity agreement between the ruling Palestinian faction Fatah and the militant Hamas rulers of Gaza. ](/news/2014/04/24/israeliapalestinian-conflict-pisrael-suspends-peace-talks-with-the-palestinian-authority-following-an-announcement-of-a-unity-agreement-be.md) _Context: Fatah, Gaza Strip, Hamas_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:Hundreds of thousands of people rally in Gaza in a show of unity between the governing Hamas, elected in 2006, and Fatah, in opposition since then. ](/news/2013/01/4/israeliapalestinian-conflict-phundreds-of-thousands-of-people-rally-in-gaza-in-a-show-of-unity-between-the-governing-hamas-elected-in-200.md) _Context: Fatah, Gaza Strip, Hamas_
7. [Hamas suspends voter registration in the Gaza Strip, stalling Palestinian plans for parliamentary and presidential elections and thwarting moves towards reconciliation with the rival Fatah party. ](/news/2012/07/2/hamas-suspends-voter-registration-in-the-gaza-strip-stalling-palestinian-plans-for-parliamentary-and-presidential-elections-and-thwarting-m.md) _Context: Fatah, Gaza Strip, Hamas_
8. [Hamas bans Fatah supporters from holding a rally in the Gaza Strip as representatives of the two parties prepare to meet in Syria to discuss ways of resolving the conflict between them. ](/news/2010/11/9/hamas-bans-fatah-supporters-from-holding-a-rally-in-the-gaza-strip-as-representatives-of-the-two-parties-prepare-to-meet-in-syria-to-discuss.md) _Context: Fatah, Gaza Strip, Hamas_
9. [Hamas' interior ministry executes three Palestinians in Gaza, without the approval of the President of the Palestinian National Authority, Mahmoud Abbas. ](/news/2010/05/18/hamas-interior-ministry-executes-three-palestinians-in-gaza-without-the-approval-of-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-m.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Palestinian_
10. [ Hamas accuses rival faction Fatah of spying for Israel during the recent conflict in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2009/01/23/hamas-accuses-rival-faction-fatah-of-spying-for-israel-during-the-recent-conflict-in-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Fatah, Gaza Strip, Hamas_
