### [2005-09-11](/news/2005/09/11/index.md)

#  According to exit polls, Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi's long-ruling Liberal Democratic Party has won a landslide victory in the Japan general election, 2005. Democratic Party leader Katsuya Okada concedes defeat and announces his resignation as party leader. 

Reuters.com brings you the latest news from around the world, covering breaking news in markets, business, politics, entertainment, technology, video and pictures.


### Source:

1. [Aljazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/8F7D3E44-79D4-40BF-B8C6-E93BBCE4F0E1.htm)
2. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.com/News/newsArticle.aspx?type=worldNews&storyID=2005-09-11T125348Z_01_SCH017657_RTRIDST_0_INTERNATIONAL-JAPAN-ELECTION-DC.XML)

### Related:

1. [Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda announces he will dissolve the House of Representatives of the Diet on Friday after the ruling DPJ government and opposition LDP come to an agreement regarding a reduction of seats in the House. A general election is scheduled for December 16. ](/news/2012/11/14/japanese-prime-minister-yoshihiko-noda-announces-he-will-dissolve-the-house-of-representatives-of-the-diet-on-friday-after-the-ruling-dpj-go.md) _Context: Democratic Party, Liberal Democratic Party, Prime Minister of Japan_
2. [Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda announces that the ruling Democratic Party of Japan has reached an agreement with the opposition Liberal Democratic and New Komeito parties to pass a bill that will raise Japan's consumption tax rate. This will "shortly" be followed by dissolution of the Diet and a snap election, although no timetable has been set. ](/news/2012/08/8/japanese-prime-minister-yoshihiko-noda-announces-that-the-ruling-democratic-party-of-japan-has-reached-an-agreement-with-the-opposition-libe.md) _Context: Democratic Party, Liberal Democratic Party, Prime Minister of Japan_
3. [ Shinzo Abe is elected as party leader of the Liberal Democratic Party in Japan, replacing the current Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi. He will likely be elected as the new prime minister on 30 September 2006. ](/news/2006/09/20/shinzo-abe-is-elected-as-party-leader-of-the-liberal-democratic-party-in-japan-replacing-the-current-prime-minister-junichiro-koizumi-he.md) _Context: Junichiro Koizumi, Liberal Democratic Party, Prime Minister of Japan_
4. [ Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi announces his fifth cabinet. Shinzo Abe, former Secretary General of the Liberal Democratic Party, becomes Chief Cabinet Secretary and is widely speculated to be Koizumi's chosen successor. Former Interior Minister Taro Aso becomes Foreign Minister, and is replaced by former economic advisor Heizo Takenaka. ](/news/2005/10/31/japanese-prime-minister-junichiro-koizumi-announces-his-fifth-cabinet-shinzo-abe-former-secretary-general-of-the-liberal-democratic-party.md) _Context: Junichiro Koizumi, Liberal Democratic Party, Prime Minister of Japan_
5. [ Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi has dissolved the Japanese House of Representatives and will call a snap election for September 11. The move came after rebel lawmakers from his own Liberal Democratic Party voted down postal reform legislation on which he had staked the party's mandate. The postal reform would have led to privatization of the country's postal service. It is thought that the move will plunge normally staid Japanese politics into great uncertainty.](/news/2005/08/8/japanese-prime-minister-junichiro-koizumi-has-dissolved-the-japanese-house-of-representatives-and-will-call-a-snap-election-for-september-1.md) _Context: Japan general election, 2005, Junichiro Koizumi, Liberal Democratic Party_
6. [Japanese citizens vote in a general election. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's Liberal Democratic Party and its junior coalition partner win 325 seats out of 475 and thus a new term. ](/news/2014/12/14/japanese-citizens-vote-in-a-general-election-prime-minister-shinzo-abe-s-liberal-democratic-party-and-its-junior-coalition-partner-win-325.md) _Context: Liberal Democratic Party, Prime Minister of Japan_
7. [The Prime Minister of Japan, Yoshihiko Noda, wins a leadership ballot held by the Democratic Party of Japan. ](/news/2012/09/21/the-prime-minister-of-japan-yoshihiko-noda-wins-a-leadership-ballot-held-by-the-democratic-party-of-japan.md) _Context: Democratic Party, Prime Minister of Japan_
8. [The Prime Minister of Japan Yoshihiko Noda announces a Cabinet reshuffle following a split in the ruling Democratic Party of Japan. ](/news/2012/06/4/the-prime-minister-of-japan-yoshihiko-noda-announces-a-cabinet-reshuffle-following-a-split-in-the-ruling-democratic-party-of-japan.md) _Context: Democratic Party, Prime Minister of Japan_
9. [The ruling Democratic Party of Japan selects a replacement for Naoto Kan as party leader and Prime Minister of Japan with current Minister of Finance Yoshihiko Noda winning the ballot. ](/news/2011/08/29/the-ruling-democratic-party-of-japan-selects-a-replacement-for-naoto-kan-as-party-leader-and-prime-minister-of-japan-with-current-minister-o.md) _Context: Democratic Party, Prime Minister of Japan_
10. [Naoto Kan is reelected as the leader of the Democratic Party of Japan and therefore as Prime Minister of Japan, defeating powerbroker Ichiro Ozawa. ](/news/2010/09/14/naoto-kan-is-reelected-as-the-leader-of-the-democratic-party-of-japan-and-therefore-as-prime-minister-of-japan-defeating-powerbroker-ichira.md) _Context: Democratic Party, Prime Minister of Japan_
