### [2005-09-11](/news/2005/09/11/index.md)

#  An eleven minute video tape purporting to be from Al Qaeda is delivered to American network ABC in Pakistan and shown on "Good Morning America", warns of future attacks on Los Angeles, California and Melbourne, Australia. Adam Yahiye Gadahn, an American convert to Islam, called the September 11, 2001 attacks "blessed events" and commenting on possible attacks in the future stated, "This time, don't count on us demonstrating restraint and compassion." 

Reuters.com brings you the latest news from around the world, covering breaking news in markets, business, politics, entertainment, technology, video and pictures.


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/GMA/Investigation/story?id=1115448&page=1)
2. [Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1126405205421)
3. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.com/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=topNews&storyID=2005-09-11T193328Z_01_EIC146603_RTRIDST_0_NEWS-SECURITY-THREAT-DC.XML&archived=False)

### Related:

1. [ War on Terrorism:. The Pakistani government announces that it has captured Abu Faraj al-Libbi. If verified, this is the most important Al-Qaeda suspect to have been arrested thus far. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/4512885.stm (BBC)]. A former Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) agent reveals the CIA sent a team to Afghanistan only days after the September 11, 2001 attacks with orders to ""Capture Bin Laden, kill him and bring his head back in a box on dry ice"" and to leave other Al-Qaeda leaders' ""heads up on pikes."" [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/4511943.stm (BBC)] (Wikinews)](/news/2005/05/4/war-on-terrorism-the-pakistani-government-announces-that-it-has-captured-abu-faraj-al-libbi-if-verified-this-is-the-most-important-al-q.md) _Context: Pakistan, September 11, 2001 attacks, al-Qaeda_
2. [Pakistan arrests 97 people allegedly involved in terrorist groups such as al-Qaeda and Lashkar-e-Jhangvi who were allegedly plotting a variety of attacks including a plan to get Daniel Pearl's killer out of prison. ](/news/2016/02/12/pakistan-arrests-97-people-allegedly-involved-in-terrorist-groups-such-as-al-qaeda-and-lashkar-e-jhangvi-who-were-allegedly-plotting-a-varie.md) _Context: Pakistan, al-Qaeda_
3. [In Peshawar, an unknown assailant shoots and kills Pakistani lawyer Samiullah Afridi, who had defended Dr. Shakil Afridi (in regards to assisting CIA agents hunt al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden), with two Pakistan militant groups, Jundullah and Jamaatul Ahrar, both claiming responsibility. ](/news/2015/03/17/in-peshawar-an-unknown-assailant-shoots-and-kills-pakistani-lawyer-samiullah-afridi-who-had-defended-dr-shakil-afridi-in-regards-to-assi.md) _Context: Pakistan, al-Qaeda_
4. [War in North-West Pakistan:. A U.S. drone strike kills eight Uzbek people claimed to be linked with al-Qaeda in Pakistan. ](/news/2015/01/4/war-in-north-west-pakistan-a-u-s-drone-strike-kills-eight-uzbek-people-claimed-to-be-linked-with-al-qaeda-in-pakistan.md) _Context: Pakistan, al-Qaeda_
5. [Drone attacks in Pakistan:. Pakistani officials claim that an American drone strike on an Islamic seminary has killed six people, including two Afghan Taliban leaders and a leader of the Haqqani network. ](/news/2013/11/21/drone-attacks-in-pakistan-pakistani-officials-claim-that-an-american-drone-strike-on-an-islamic-seminary-has-killed-six-people-including.md) _Context: Islam, Pakistan_
6. [A US drone attack kills at least 15 suspected militants in Pakistan's North Waziristan region. High ranked al-Qaeda official Abu Yahya al-Libi is killed in the attack. ](/news/2012/06/4/a-us-drone-attack-kills-at-least-15-suspected-militants-in-pakistan-s-north-waziristan-region-high-ranked-al-qaeda-official-abu-yahya-al-li.md) _Context: Pakistan, al-Qaeda_
7. [Former Al-Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden's wives and children are deported from Pakistan to Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2012/04/27/former-al-qaeda-chief-osama-bin-laden-s-wives-and-children-are-deported-from-pakistan-to-saudi-arabia.md) _Context: Pakistan, al-Qaeda_
8. [Death of Osama bin Laden:. President of the United States Barack Obama announces in a special TV broadcast that Osama bin Laden, the founder and leader of the militant Islamist group Al-Qaeda and the most-wanted fugitive on the FBI's Ten Most Wanted Fugitives, was killed on May 2 (Pakistan Standard Time) during an American military operation in Abbottabad, near Islamabad, Pakistan and that his body is in U.S. custody. ](/news/2011/05/1/death-of-osama-bin-laden-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-announces-in-a-special-tv-broadcast-that-osama-bin-laden-the-founder.md) _Context: Pakistan, al-Qaeda_
9. [Guantanamo Bay files leak:. Newly released cables document an alleged al-Qaeda "assassin" working for the British Secret Intelligence Service (MI6) while suspected of bombing Christian churches and a hotel in Pakistan. ](/news/2011/04/26/guantanamo-bay-files-leak-newly-released-cables-document-an-alleged-al-qaeda-assassin-working-for-the-british-secret-intelligence-servic.md) _Context: Pakistan, al-Qaeda_
10. [Aasia Bibi, a Christian woman sentenced to death in Pakistan on charges of blasphemy against Islam, appeals to President Asif Ali Zardari to pardon her. ](/news/2010/11/21/aasia-bibi-a-christian-woman-sentenced-to-death-in-pakistan-on-charges-of-blasphemy-against-islam-appeals-to-president-asif-ali-zardari-to.md) _Context: Islam, Pakistan_
