### [2013-01-19](/news/2013/01/19/index.md)

# In ice hockey, a shortened 48-game (per team) 2012-13 NHL season begins today with 13 Saturday games after the end of the 119-day lockout. 

The latest news, analysis and stories from NHL.com, the official site of the National Hockey League


### Source:

1. [NHL](http://www.nhl.com/ice/news.htm?id=651237)
2. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/sports/nhl/columnist/allen/2013/01/16/nhl-story-lines/1840493/)

### Related:

1. [In ice hockey, the National Hockey League and the National Hockey League Players' Association reach an agreement that ends the 2012-13 NHL lockout and averts the cancellation of the 2012-13 NHL season. ](/news/2013/01/6/in-ice-hockey-the-national-hockey-league-and-the-national-hockey-league-players-association-reach-an-agreement-that-ends-the-2012a13-nhl.md) _Context: 119-day lockout, 2012-13 NHL season, ice hockey_
2. [In ice hockey, the National Hockey League's Chicago Blackhawks defeat the Vancouver Canucks in a shooutout for the Blackhawks' sixteenth consecutive game without a regulation loss to start the 2012-13 NHL season, tying the 2006-07 Anaheim Ducks' record. Blackhawks forward Marian Hossa is forced to leave the game after being struck in the back of the head by Canucks forward Jannik Hansen. ](/news/2013/02/19/in-ice-hockey-the-national-hockey-league-s-chicago-blackhawks-defeat-the-vancouver-canucks-in-a-shooutout-for-the-blackhawks-sixteenth-con.md) _Context: 2012-13 NHL season, ice hockey_
3. [In ice hockey, the Board of Governors of the National Hockey League unanimously approves the new CBA between the league and the National Hockey League Players' Association. Pending approval of the CBA by the players' association, the league will play a shortened 48-game 2012-13 NHL season beginning January 19. ](/news/2013/01/9/in-ice-hockey-the-board-of-governors-of-the-national-hockey-league-unanimously-approves-the-new-cba-between-the-league-and-the-national-hoc.md) _Context: 2012-13 NHL season, ice hockey_
4. [In ice hockey, the National Hockey League Players' Association overwhelmingly votes to ratify a new collective bargaining agreement reached with the league. NHL training camps are scheduled to open on January 13, with a shortened 48-game regular season to begin on January 19. ](/news/2013/01/12/in-ice-hockey-the-national-hockey-league-players-association-overwhelmingly-votes-to-ratify-a-new-collective-bargaining-agreement-reached.md) _Context: 2012-13 NHL season, ice hockey_
5. [In ice hockey, the NHL awards Las Vegas an expansion team to begin play in the 2017-18 season. The Board of Governors defers Quebec City's bid with the league, citing factors such as conference imbalance, difficulty of bringing two teams at the same time, and the weakening Canadian dollar. ](/news/2016/06/22/in-ice-hockey-the-nhl-awards-las-vegas-an-expansion-team-to-begin-play-in-the-2017a18-season-the-board-of-governors-defers-quebec-city-s.md) _Context: ice hockey_
6. [ In ice hockey, ESPN reports that the NHL will place an expansion team in Las Vegas, provided the team's backers can pay a US$500 million expansion fee. The team, which would enter the league no earlier than the 2017-18 season, would be the first major professional sports team in Las Vegas. The league's board of governors is scheduled to hold a formal vote on the expansion on June 22. ](/news/2016/06/14/in-ice-hockey-espn-reports-that-the-nhl-will-place-an-expansion-team-in-las-vegas-provided-the-team-s-backers-can-pay-a-us-500-million-ex.md) _Context: ice hockey_
7. [In ice hockey, Sidney Crosby, captain of the Pittsburgh Penguins, wins both the Hart Memorial Trophy and the Ted Lindsay Award for most valuable player as voted by the media and National Hockey League Players' Association, respectively. ](/news/2014/06/24/in-ice-hockey-sidney-crosby-captain-of-the-pittsburgh-penguins-wins-both-the-hart-memorial-trophy-and-the-ted-lindsay-award-for-most-valu.md) _Context: ice hockey_
8. [In front of a crowd of 105,491 at Michigan Stadium in Ann Arbor, Michigan, potentially the largest ever to attend an ice hockey game, the Toronto Maple Leafs defeat the Detroit Red Wings 3-2 after a shootout in the 2014 NHL Winter Classic. ](/news/2014/01/1/in-front-of-a-crowd-of-105-491-at-michigan-stadium-in-ann-arbor-michigan-potentially-the-largest-ever-to-attend-an-ice-hockey-game-the-to.md) _Context: ice hockey_
9. [In ice hockey, Nathan MacKinnon, a Canadian centre with the Halifax Mooseheads of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League, is chosen by the Colorado Avalanche as the first pick in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft. ](/news/2013/06/30/in-ice-hockey-nathan-mackinnon-a-canadian-centre-with-the-halifax-mooseheads-of-the-quebec-major-junior-hockey-league-is-chosen-by-the-co.md) _Context: ice hockey_
10. [In ice hockey, the Halifax Mooseheads defeat the Portland Winterhawks to win the 2013 Memorial Cup [http://www.mastercardmemorialcup.ca/article/halifax-mooseheads-win-mastercard-memorial-cup/144418]](/news/2013/05/26/in-ice-hockey-the-halifax-mooseheads-defeat-the-portland-winterhawks-to-win-the-2013-memorial-cup-http-www-mastercardmemorialcup-ca-arti.md) _Context: ice hockey_
