### [2017-04-13](/news/2017/04/13/index.md)

# U.S.-based monitoring group 38 North says satellite imagery of North Korea's Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site indicates that preparation for a sixth nuclear weapons test is underway. 

North’s Punggye-ri site appears to be ready for what would be the country’s sixth nuclear test since 2006


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/apr/13/north-korea-preparing-for-nuclear-test-satellite-images-suggest)
1. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/adf5978bf904ed818ca152382394d1df4530bebe/0_0_4558_2735/master/4558.jpg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxNi8wNS8yNS9vdmVybGF5LWxvZ28tMTIwMC05MF9vcHQucG5n&amp;s=5270dc46588c1af25d0d5c7ac84f771b)

### Related:

1. [American student Otto Warmbier, who returned to the United States after serving 17 months in the North Korean prison system dies after returning from North Korea last week in a comatose state. His family has accused the Government of North Korea of torturing him. ](/news/2017/06/19/american-student-otto-warmbier-who-returned-to-the-united-states-after-serving-17-months-in-the-north-korean-prison-system-dies-after-retur.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-United States relations, United States_
2. [ North Korea vows to accelerate its nuclear weapons programme to "maximum pace" and test a nuclear device "at any time" in response to U.S. President Donald Trump's aggressive stance towards the regime. ](/news/2017/05/2/north-korea-vows-to-accelerate-its-nuclear-weapons-programme-to-amaximum-pacea-and-test-a-nuclear-device-aat-any-timea-in-response.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-United States relations, its nuclear weapons program_
3. [The United States Pacific Command deploys warships, including the USS "Carl Vinson", to move towards the Korean Peninsula following North Korea's recent tests with weapons of mass destruction and opposition to the Sharyat missile strike. North Korea is also reclassified as a state sponsor of terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/9/the-united-states-pacific-command-deploys-warships-including-the-uss-carl-vinson-to-move-towards-the-korean-peninsula-following-north-ko.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-United States relations, its nuclear weapons program_
4. [North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-eastern-waters-in-the-direction-of-japan-accordi.md) _Context: North Korea, United States, its nuclear weapons program_
5. [North Korea announces its readiness to declare war on the United States after the country previously stated that they felt threatened as U.S. military forces approach the Korean Peninsula. ](/news/2017/04/11/north-korea-announces-its-readiness-to-declare-war-on-the-united-states-after-the-country-previously-stated-that-they-felt-threatened-as-u-s.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-United States relations, United States_
6. [According to South Korean and United States officials, a missile test in North Korea ends in failure, with the missile exploding seconds after launch. ](/news/2017/03/22/according-to-south-korean-and-united-states-officials-a-missile-test-in-north-korea-ends-in-failure-with-the-missile-exploding-seconds-aft.md) _Context: North Korea, United States, its nuclear weapons program_
7. [New satellite imagery released by think tank 38 North indicates North Korea has resumed operations at its Yongbyon Nuclear Scientific Research Center in North Pyongan Province. ](/news/2017/01/27/new-satellite-imagery-released-by-think-tank-38-north-indicates-north-korea-has-resumed-operations-at-its-yongbyon-nuclear-scientific-resear.md) _Context: 38 North, North Korea, its nuclear weapons program_
8. [In response to the annual military drills, North Korea threatens to destroy Seoul and Washington, D.C. through nuclear weapons if provoked. Both South Korea and the United States insist the drills are for defense. ](/news/2016/08/23/in-response-to-the-annual-military-drills-north-korea-threatens-to-destroy-seoul-and-washington-d-c-through-nuclear-weapons-if-provoked.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-United States relations, United States_
9. [American and South Korean military officials agree to deploy a U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) missile defense system in the country to counter North Korea's growing threats and use of ballistic missile and nuclear tests. ](/news/2016/07/8/american-and-south-korean-military-officials-agree-to-deploy-a-u-s-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-thaad-missile-defense-system-in-th.md) _Context: North Korea, United States, its nuclear weapons program_
10. [North Korea says the United States has "crossed the red line in our showdown" after placing sanctions on its leader Kim Jong-un over human rights abuses, and considers the sanctions to be a "declaration of war" by the United States. ](/news/2016/07/28/north-korea-says-the-united-states-has-crossed-the-red-line-in-our-showdown-after-placing-sanctions-on-its-leader-kim-jong-un-over-human-r.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-United States relations, United States_
