### [2008-06-30](/news/2008/06/30/index.md)

#  An Ilyushin Il-76 crashes minutes after takeoff from Khartoum International Airport. All four Russian crew were killed. It is the second major air crash in the country this week. 




### Source:

1. [Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?cid=1214726157388&pagename=JPost%2FJPArticle%2FShowFull)

### Related:

1. [A wildfire destroys almost the entire town of Santa Olga in Chile's central Maule Region as a Russian firefighting Ilyushin Il-76 arrives to help fight the worst wildfire in Chile's modern history. ](/news/2017/01/27/a-wildfire-destroys-almost-the-entire-town-of-santa-olga-in-chile-s-central-maule-region-as-a-russian-firefighting-ilyushin-il-76-arrives-to.md) _Context: Ilyushin Il-76, Russia_
2. [Rescue workings in Russia's Irkutsk Oblast discover the remains of a Ilyushin Il-76 cargo plane which went missing last Friday after going on a firefighting mission. Six people have been killed in the crash. ](/news/2016/07/3/rescue-workings-in-russia-s-irkutsk-oblast-discover-the-remains-of-a-ilyushin-il-76-cargo-plane-which-went-missing-last-friday-after-going-o.md) _Context: Ilyushin Il-76, Russia_
3. [At least 8 people are killed when a Russian Ilyushin Il-76 cargo plane bound for Khartoum, Sudan, crashes minutes after take off in a residential area of Karachi, Pakistan. ](/news/2010/11/28/at-least-8-people-are-killed-when-a-russian-ilyushin-il-76-cargo-plane-bound-for-khartoum-sudan-crashes-minutes-after-take-off-in-a-reside.md) _Context: Ilyushin Il-76, Russia_
4. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Russia_
5. [In a series of tweets, President Donald Trump acknowledged that he shared classified information with Russian envoys, contradicting earlier White House denials. ](/news/2017/05/16/in-a-series-of-tweets-president-donald-trump-acknowledged-that-he-shared-classified-information-with-russian-envoys-contradicting-earlier.md) _Context: Russia_
6. [U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435|mi|km reaching an altitude of more than 1245|mi|km before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60|mi|km south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launched-a-test-missile-from-the-west-coast-city-of-kusong-the-projectile-travelle.md) _Context: Russia_
7. [A large scale international cyber-attack using the WannaCry ransomware package disrupts computer and telephone systems in thousands of cases across 99 countries. Affected organisations include: England's NHS, with doctors reporting messages demanding money; MegaFon and Sberbank in Russia; Telefonica, Iberdrola, and Gas Natural in Spain; and FedEx. ](/news/2017/05/12/a-large-scale-international-cyber-attack-using-the-wannacry-ransomware-package-disrupts-computer-and-telephone-systems-in-thousands-of-cases.md) _Context: Russia_
8. [The U.S. Attorney's Office in Alexandria, Virginia, through U.S. Attorney Dana Boente, issues subpoenas to former National Security Advisor Michael T. Flynn to assess the extent of his ties to Russia. ](/news/2017/05/10/the-u-s-attorney-s-office-in-alexandria-virginia-through-u-s-attorney-dana-boente-issues-subpoenas-to-former-national-security-advisor.md) _Context: Russia_
9. [Russian authorities discover and deactivate an explosive device in a Saint Petersburg flat, during ongoing raids occurring in response to the bombing. ](/news/2017/04/6/russian-authorities-discover-and-deactivate-an-explosive-device-in-a-saint-petersburg-flat-during-ongoing-raids-occurring-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Russia_
10. [Russian authorities arrest more than 100 gay men in Chechnya, including television personalities and religious figures, for "nontraditional sexual orientation." The ''Novaya Gazeta'' newspaper  reported that three of the arrested men have been killed, while others reportedly were released for family honor killing. Chechen Republic leader Ramzan Kadyrov's spokesperson said this report contains "absolute lies and disinformation" since there are no homosexuals in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/04/3/russian-authorities-arrest-more-than-100-gay-men-in-chechnya-including-television-personalities-and-religious-figures-for-nontraditional.md) _Context: Russia_
