### [2008-06-30](/news/2008/06/30/index.md)

#  The Court of Arbitration for Sport upholds a two year ban against cyclist Floyd Landis meaning that he will lose his 2006 Tour de France title. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Google News](http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5i48aukcOkGntU1MronjNKP31rvjAD91KHI0G0)

### Related:

1. [ American cyclist Floyd Landis is officially stripped of his win in the 2006 Tour de France and banned from competition for two years after an arbitration panel finds him guilty of doping during the 2006 Tour. He has 30 days to appeal to the Court of Arbitration for Sport. ](/news/2007/09/20/american-cyclist-floyd-landis-is-officially-stripped-of-his-win-in-the-2006-tour-de-france-and-banned-from-competition-for-two-years-after.md) _Context: Court of Arbitration for Sport, Floyd Landis, Tour de France_
2. [In cycling, Team Katusha is granted a World Tour licence by the Union Cycliste Internationale (UCI) after the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) last week upheld the Russian team's appeal against the UCI's original decision to deny it a ProTeam licence. ](/news/2013/02/18/in-cycling-team-katusha-is-granted-a-world-tour-licence-by-the-union-cycliste-internationale-uci-after-the-court-of-arbitration-for-sport.md) _Context: Court of Arbitration for Sport, cycling_
3. [In cycling, the Court of Arbitration for Sport bans Spanish rider Alberto Contador for two years for doping and strips him of championships including the 2010 Tour de France. ](/news/2012/02/6/in-cycling-the-court-of-arbitration-for-sport-bans-spanish-rider-alberto-contador-for-two-years-for-doping-and-strips-him-of-championships.md) _Context: Court of Arbitration for Sport, cycling_
4. [Cycling's world body Union Cycliste Internationale asks the Spanish federation to take action against Tour de France winner Alberto Contador who tested positive for a small amount of clenbuterol. ](/news/2010/11/8/cycling-s-world-body-union-cycliste-internationale-asks-the-spanish-federation-to-take-action-against-tour-de-france-winner-alberto-contador.md) _Context: Tour de France, cycling_
5. [Russian track and field athlete Mariya Savinova is banned by the Court of Arbitration for Sport from partaking in any sporting events for four years and is stripped of her gold medal that she won in the 800 metres at the 2012 Summer Olympics for doping between 2010 and 2013. ](/news/2017/02/10/russian-track-and-field-athlete-mariya-savinova-is-banned-by-the-court-of-arbitration-for-sport-from-partaking-in-any-sporting-events-for-fo.md) _Context: Court of Arbitration for Sport_
6. [Darya Klishina, Russia's sole track and field competitor at the Rio Olympics, has her exemption to Russia's blanket ban revoked. Reportedly, new evidence  emerged in relation to a World Anti-Doping Agency report. Klishina is appealing the decision to the Court of Arbitration for Sport. ](/news/2016/08/13/darya-klishina-russia-s-sole-track-and-field-competitor-at-the-rio-olympics-has-her-exemption-to-russia-s-blanket-ban-revoked-reportedly.md) _Context: Court of Arbitration for Sport_
7. [The Russian Olympic Committee appeals the ban of its track and field team from participating in the upcoming summer Olympics by the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF), because of large scale doping, with the Court of Arbitration for Sport. A hearing on the case will take place on July 19. ](/news/2016/07/3/the-russian-olympic-committee-appeals-the-ban-of-its-track-and-field-team-from-participating-in-the-upcoming-summer-olympics-by-the-internat.md) _Context: Court of Arbitration for Sport_
8. [A German federal court upholds the Court of Arbitration for Sport's  2009 blood doping ruling against  Olympic speed skating champion Claudia Pechstein who is seeking compensation from the International Skating Union for the two-year ban.  ](/news/2016/06/7/a-german-federal-court-upholds-the-court-of-arbitration-for-sport-s-2009-blood-doping-ruling-against-olympic-speed-skating-champion-claudi.md) _Context: Court of Arbitration for Sport_
9. [UEFA President Michel Platini, who had been suspended by the FIFA Ethics Committee last fall, announces his resignation following the Court of Arbitration for Sport decision  that let stand his ban, shortened to four years which corresponds to the duration of his remaining time in office. The court ruled that Platini was guilty of conflict of interest for taking a $2 million payment from FIFA approved by Sepp Blatter in 2011.  ](/news/2016/05/9/uefa-president-michel-platini-who-had-been-suspended-by-the-fifa-ethics-committee-last-fall-announces-his-resignation-following-the-court.md) _Context: Court of Arbitration for Sport_
10. [Six Russian athletes are to be stripped of the medals they won at World and European championships in 2010 and 2011 and the 2012 Summer Olympics following a ruling by the Court of Arbitration for Sport. The athletes affected are Sergei Balukin, Valeriy Borchin, Vladimir Kanaikin, Olga Kaniskina, Yulia Zaripova and Sergey Kirdyapkin. The ruling means Kirdyapkin is set to lose his gold medal won at the 2012 Olympics. ](/news/2016/03/24/six-russian-athletes-are-to-be-stripped-of-the-medals-they-won-at-world-and-european-championships-in-2010-and-2011-and-the-2012-summer-olym.md) _Context: Court of Arbitration for Sport_
