### [2015-12-16](/news/2015/12/16/index.md)

# A bank in Minnesota (U.S.) is robbed by the same person a second time while an Iowa television station was doing a live update on the first robbery. The robber was arrested shortly afterwards. 




### Source:

1. [Associated Press](http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/crime/tv-station-reporting-live-when-minnesota-bank-robbed-again/ar-BBnCNoh?li=BBnbfcL&ocid=iehp)

### Related:

1. [The United States Supreme Court,  in a 6-2 ruling written by Justice Anthony Kennedy, upholds the  8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals' $5.8 million class action judgment against Tyson Foods Incorporated filed by workers at an Iowa pork-processing facility who contended they were underpaid. ](/news/2016/03/22/the-united-states-supreme-court-in-a-6-2-ruling-written-by-justice-anthony-kennedy-upholds-the-8th-u-s-circuit-court-of-appeals-5-8-m.md) _Context: Iowa_
2. [Voters in Iowa go to Democratic and Republican Party caucuses in the first formal stage of the U.S. elections. ](/news/2016/02/1/voters-in-iowa-go-to-democratic-and-republican-party-caucuses-in-the-first-formal-stage-of-the-u-s-elections.md) _Context: Iowa_
3. [The seventh Republican Party presidential debate, the second hosted by Fox News, and the final debate before voting begins with the Iowa caucuses on February 1, is held in Des Moines, Iowa. The seven candidates featuring in the primetime debate were Jeb Bush, Ben Carson, Chris Christie, Ted Cruz, John Kasich, Rand Paul and Marco Rubio. Donald Trump, the current front-runner in the polls, was also invited to the primetime debate but opted to boycott the debate and instead hosted a town hall with charitable proceeds going to veterans groups. ](/news/2016/01/28/the-seventh-republican-party-presidential-debate-the-second-hosted-by-fox-news-and-the-final-debate-before-voting-begins-with-the-iowa-cau.md) _Context: Iowa_
4. [Authorities arrest two Iowa men in Saugus, Massachusetts after heavy firearms are discovered in their hotel room. The two men had made threats on social media stating their targeting of the 2015 Pokemon Video Game World Championships that are being held in Boston. ](/news/2015/08/23/authorities-arrest-two-iowa-men-in-saugus-massachusetts-after-heavy-firearms-are-discovered-in-their-hotel-room-the-two-men-had-made-threa.md) _Context: Iowa_
5. [According to former U.S. President Jimmy Carter, the flu causes his Vice President, Walter Mondale, 87, to be hospitalized at the famed Mayo Clinic, in Rochester, Minnesota. ](/news/2015/03/7/according-to-former-u-s-president-jimmy-carter-the-flu-causes-his-vice-president-walter-mondale-87-to-be-hospitalized-at-the-famed-mayo.md) _Context: Minnesota_
6. [United States Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell's campaign manager Jesse Benton resigns after being involved in an alleged bribery scandal involving Iowa state Senator Kent Sorenson switching his support from  Michele Bachmann to Ron Paul in the United States presidential election, 2012. ](/news/2014/08/30/united-states-senate-minority-leader-mitch-mcconnell-s-campaign-manager-jesse-benton-resigns-after-being-involved-in-an-alleged-bribery-scan.md) _Context: Iowa_
7. [The United States Food and Drug Administration names Taylor Farms as the source of cyclospora parasite tainted salads that sickened 223 diners in the US states of Nebraska and Iowa. ](/news/2013/08/2/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-names-taylor-farms-as-the-source-of-cyclospora-parasite-tainted-salads-that-sickened-223-dine.md) _Context: Iowa_
8. [At least one person is killed and a dozen injured after a series of tornadoes hits the US states of Oklahoma, Kansas, Iowa and Illinois. ](/news/2013/05/19/at-least-one-person-is-killed-and-a-dozen-injured-after-a-series-of-tornadoes-hits-the-us-states-of-oklahoma-kansas-iowa-and-illinois.md) _Context: Iowa_
9. [Kyle Dake of Cornell University defeats David Taylor of Penn State in the final of the 165-pound (75 kg) weight class at the NCAA Division I Wrestling Championships in Des Moines, Iowa, becoming the first wrestler to win four individual NCAA titles in four different weight classes. ](/news/2013/03/23/kyle-dake-of-cornell-university-defeats-david-taylor-of-penn-state-in-the-final-of-the-165-pound-75-kg-weight-class-at-the-ncaa-division-i.md) _Context: Iowa_
10. [More than $200 million in customer funds is reportedly missing from the accounts of U.S. futures broker PFGBest, after the firm's founder Russell Wasendorf attempted suicide outside the company's Iowa headquarters. ](/news/2012/07/9/more-than-200-million-in-customer-funds-is-reportedly-missing-from-the-accounts-of-u-s-futures-broker-pfgbest-after-the-firm-s-founder-ru.md) _Context: Iowa_
