### [2015-12-16](/news/2015/12/16/index.md)

# After the jury fails to reach a unanimous decision, a Baltimore, Maryland, judge declares a mistrial in the trial of police officer William Porter, the first officer to be charged in the death of Freddie Gray. 

The jury is hung and the judge declared a mistrial in the trial of Baltimore officer William Porter in the case of Freddie Gray&#x27;s death.


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/US/hung-jury-freddie-gray-trial/story?id=35795635)
2. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/hung-jury-trial-baltimore-cop-freddie-gray-case-n481296)

### Related:

1. [Death of Freddie Gray. Judge Barry Williams finds Baltimore, Maryland, Police Officer Edward Nero not guilty of all charges. Nero was accused of second-degree intentional assault, two counts of misconduct in office, and reckless endangerment. Community leaders and elected officials appeal for calm. ](/news/2016/05/23/death-of-freddie-gray-judge-barry-williams-finds-baltimore-maryland-police-officer-edward-nero-not-guilty-of-all-charges-nero-was-accuse.md) _Context: Baltimore, Maryland, death of Freddie Gray_
2. [A Baltimore, Maryland deadlocked jury was told by the trial judge to resume deliberations after closing arguments in the first trial of police officer William Porter, charged in the death of Freddie Gray. With demonstrations and unrest following the death, the city has cancelled leave for police officers and the mayor has called for calm when a verdict is announced. ](/news/2015/12/15/a-baltimore-maryland-deadlocked-jury-was-told-by-the-trial-judge-to-resume-deliberations-after-closing-arguments-in-the-first-trial-of-poli.md) _Context: Baltimore, Maryland, death of Freddie Gray_
3. [Jury selection begins for the trial of William Porter, a Baltimore, Maryland police officer charged with manslaughter and other charges surrounding the April 19 death of Freddie Gray. Porter is the first of six officers to be tried. ](/news/2015/11/30/jury-selection-begins-for-the-trial-of-william-porter-a-baltimore-maryland-police-officer-charged-with-manslaughter-and-other-charges-surr.md) _Context: Baltimore, Maryland, death of Freddie Gray_
4. [Removal of Confederate monuments and memorials. Several Confederate monuments are taken down overnight in the city of Baltimore, Maryland, including the Stonewall Jackson and Robert E. Lee Monument, Confederate Soldiers and Sailors Monument, Confederate Women's Monument and the Roger B. Taney sculpture. The Baltimore City Council unanimously voted to remove the monuments on August 14. ](/news/2017/08/16/removal-of-confederate-monuments-and-memorials-several-confederate-monuments-are-taken-down-overnight-in-the-city-of-baltimore-maryland-i.md) _Context: Baltimore, Maryland_
5. ["Wikimedia Foundation v. NSA". The United States Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals rules that Wikimedia Foundation has the legal right to challenge the National Security Agency Upstream program of mass online surveillance. This decision reinstates the suit that had been dismissed by a Federal district judge in Baltimore, Maryland. Eight other organizations, including Amnesty International USA and the Global Fund for Women, are also plaintiffs in this case. ](/news/2017/05/23/wikimedia-foundation-v-nsa-the-united-states-fourth-circuit-court-of-appeals-rules-that-wikimedia-foundation-has-the-legal-right-to-chal.md) _Context: Baltimore, Maryland_
6. [2016-17 North American winter. Two people are killed and at least 15 are hospitalized following a 55-vehicle accident, involving a gas tanker explosion, on Interstate 95 in Baltimore, Maryland, as cold air causes rain and wet roads to freeze across the Eastern U.S. Three other deaths are reported from other accidents in the Baltimore-Washington, D.C. area. At least six people have been killed in total on icy roads. ](/news/2016/12/17/2016-17-north-american-winter-two-people-are-killed-and-at-least-15-are-hospitalized-following-a-55-vehicle-accident-involving-a-gas-tan.md) _Context: Baltimore, Maryland_
7. [Baltimore prosecutors drop all charges against the final three police officers with pending cases in the death of Freddie Gray. None of the six cases resulted in a conviction. ](/news/2016/07/27/baltimore-prosecutors-drop-all-charges-against-the-final-three-police-officers-with-pending-cases-in-the-death-of-freddie-gray-none-of-the.md) _Context: Baltimore, death of Freddie Gray_
8. [Death of Freddie Gray. Baltimore police officer Caesar Goodson is cleared of all charges for the murder of Freddie Gray, a black detainee, on April 19, 2015. ](/news/2016/06/23/death-of-freddie-gray-baltimore-police-officer-caesar-goodson-is-cleared-of-all-charges-for-the-murder-of-freddie-gray-a-black-detainee-o.md) _Context: Baltimore, death of Freddie Gray_
9. [Baltimore, Maryland, primary election, 2016. Maryland state elections officials decertify the results of Baltimore-s April 26, 2016, primary election because, for example, the number of ballots cast was hundreds more than the number of voters who checked in at polling places. ](/news/2016/05/12/baltimore-maryland-primary-election-2016-maryland-state-elections-officials-decertify-the-results-of-baltimore-s-april-26-2016-prima.md) _Context: Baltimore, Maryland_
10. [A helicopter crashes near Baltimore-Washington International Airport in Baltimore, Maryland. However, no fatalities are reported. ](/news/2016/04/16/a-helicopter-crashes-near-baltimore-washington-international-airport-in-baltimore-maryland-however-no-fatalities-are-reported.md) _Context: Baltimore, Maryland_
