### [2015-12-16](/news/2015/12/16/index.md)

# Neither Syed Rizwan Farook nor his wife Tashfeen Malik made open posts on social media regarding radical Islamic jihad or martyrdom prior to the attack, according to FBI Director James B. Comey. There were, however, direct, private messages to each other that did reflect this commitment. 

Syed Rizwan Farook and his wife Tashfeen Malik did not make open posts on social media regarding radical Islamic jihad or martyrdom before the Dec. 2 terror


### Source:

1. [Los Angeles Times](http://www.latimes.com/nation/la-ln-fbi-san-bernardino-social-media-20151216-story.html)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.trbimg.com/img-5671e27d/turbine/la-ln-fbi-san-bernardino-social-media-20151216)

### Related:

1. [ Abu Hamza al-Muhajir, the new leader of al-Qaida in Iraq, urges Muslims to make the month of Ramadan a "month of holy war" in an audiotape posted on an Islamic web site. ](/news/2006/09/28/abu-hamza-al-muhajir-the-new-leader-of-al-qaida-in-iraq-urges-muslims-to-make-the-month-of-ramadan-a-month-of-holy-war-in-an-audiotape.md) _Context: Muslims, jihad_
2. [ Al-Qaeda's deputy leader, Ayman al-Zawahiri, openly supports Hezbollah attacks on Israel, Calling for Jihad until Islam reigns from "Spain to Iraq". ](/news/2006/07/27/al-qaeda-s-deputy-leader-ayman-al-zawahiri-openly-supports-hezbollah-attacks-on-israel-calling-for-jihad-until-islam-reigns-from-spain.md) _Context: Muslims, jihad_
3. [The United States Department of Homeland Security plans to collect the social media information of all immigrants, including green card holders and naturalized citizens, beginning on October 18, 2017. ](/news/2017/09/26/the-united-states-department-of-homeland-security-plans-to-collect-the-social-media-information-of-all-immigrants-including-green-card-hold.md) _Context: social media_
4. [The Venerable Rev. Father Stanley Rother, a priest of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Oklahoma City (born in Okarche, Oklahoma), is beatified at the Cox Convention Center in Oklahoma City by Cardinal Angelo Amato, head of the sainthood Congregation in the Roman Curia and Pope Francis's delegate. Rother, who became a missionary, was assassinated in July 1981 in the poor rural village of Santiago Atitlan, Guatemala, and is the first Catholic martyr born a citizen of the United States. ](/news/2017/09/23/the-venerable-rev-father-stanley-rother-a-priest-of-the-roman-catholic-archdiocese-of-oklahoma-city-born-in-okarche-oklahoma-is-beatif.md) _Context: martyr_
5. [Dozens of Rohingya Muslims fleeing renewed violence in Rakhine State are detained by Bangladeshi and Burmese authorities after they attempt to cross the border from Myanmar to Bangladesh. Many were en route to Kutupalong Refugee Camp, a refugee camp in Ukhia, Bangladesh, mostly inhabited by Rohingya refugees. ](/news/2017/08/27/dozens-of-rohingya-muslims-fleeing-renewed-violence-in-rakhine-state-are-detained-by-bangladeshi-and-burmese-authorities-after-they-attempt.md) _Context: Muslims_
6. [The United States Senate, in a 92-5 vote, confirms Christopher A. Wray as Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ](/news/2017/08/1/the-united-states-senate-in-a-92a5-vote-confirms-christopher-a-wray-as-director-of-the-federal-bureau-of-investigation.md) _Context: Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation_
7. [James Comey, the former FBI Director who was dismissed by President Donald Trump last month, appears before the United States Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. Comey says he believes he was fired because of the FBI investigation into the possible collusion between President Trump's campaign team and Russia's interference in the 2016 elections.](/news/2017/06/8/james-comey-the-former-fbi-director-who-was-dismissed-by-president-donald-trump-last-month-appears-before-the-united-states-senate-select.md) _Context: Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation_
8. [U.S. President Donald Trump removes James Comey as Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, with Andrew G. McCabe stepping in as acting director. ](/news/2017/05/9/u-s-president-donald-trump-removes-james-comey-as-director-of-the-federal-bureau-of-investigation-with-andrew-g-mccabe-stepping-in-as-act.md) _Context: Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation_
9. [ Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appoints former FBI Director Robert Mueller as special counsel to oversee the FBI's investigation of Russia's efforts to influence the 2016 election. ](/news/2017/05/17/deputy-attorney-general-rod-rosenstein-appoints-former-fbi-director-robert-mueller-as-special-counsel-to-oversee-the-fbias-investigation.md) _Context: Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation_
10. [The Supreme Court of India begins hearings on whether oral divorce is a fundamental right of Islam. ](/news/2017/05/11/the-supreme-court-of-india-begins-hearings-on-whether-oral-divorce-is-a-fundamental-right-of-islam.md) _Context: Muslims_
