### [2015-12-16](/news/2015/12/16/index.md)

# Pakistan says it was surprised to learn of the country's inclusion in Saudi Arabia's so-called "Islamic anti-terrorist alliance", and that Pakistan was not consulted before inclusion in the alliance by the Saudis. Pakistan's Foreign Secretary Aizaz Ahmad Chaudhry says he has asked the country's ambassador in Riyadh to get a clarification from Saudi Arabia on the matter. Malaysia has also denied any involvement in Saudi Arabia's military coalition to counter terrorism. 

FO asks the country&rsquo;s ambassador in Riyadh to get a clarification from Saudi Arabia on the matter.


### Source:

1. [DAWN](http://www.dawn.com/news/1226723/)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-35114060)

### Related:

1. [Saudi Arabia announces the formation of a 34-member Islamic Military Alliance against terrorism including Egypt, Qatar, the United Arab Emirates, Turkey, Malaysia and Pakistan with a joint operations centre based in Riyadh. ](/news/2015/12/15/saudi-arabia-announces-the-formation-of-a-34-member-islamic-military-alliance-against-terrorism-including-egypt-qatar-the-united-arab-emir.md) _Context: Islamic Military Alliance, Malaysia, Pakistan, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia_
2. [ Forty Pakistani Christians are arrested in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia for practicing their religion in violation of a Saudi law forbidding the practice of any religion but Islam.  [http://www.christiantoday.com/news/meast/289.htm (Christian Today)].](/news/2005/04/24/forty-pakistani-christians-are-arrested-in-riyadh-saudi-arabia-for-practicing-their-religion-in-violation-of-a-saudi-law-forbidding-the-pr.md) _Context: Pakistan, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia_
3. [At least 18 people are killed and 16 others injured in a multi-vehicle accident involving a bus   near Nahdah in northwestern Oman. Six of the dead were from Oman, four  from Saudi Arabia, two from Pakistan, and one from Yemen. Five others are unidentified. ](/news/2016/03/1/at-least-18-people-are-killed-and-16-others-injured-in-a-multi-vehicle-accident-involving-a-bus-near-nahdah-in-northwestern-oman-six-of-t.md) _Context: Pakistan, Saudi Arabia_
4. [Pakistani prime minister Nawaz Sharif and army chief General Raheel Sharif will visit Riyadh on Monday and Tehran on Tuesday to launch mediation efforts between Iran and Saudi Arabia for normalization of relations and to ease the tensions in the region after Saudi Arabia executed a prominent Shia cleric Sheikh Nimr and an attack on the Saudi Embassy in Tehran. ](/news/2016/01/17/pakistani-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-and-army-chief-general-raheel-sharif-will-visit-riyadh-on-monday-and-tehran-on-tuesday-to-launch-media.md) _Context: Riyadh, Saudi Arabia_
5. [Syrian opposition politicians and rebels, attending a two-day meeting hosted by Saudi Arabia in Riyadh, agree on a framework that would guide proposed talks to end  Syria's nearly five-year conflict: a civil, democratic Syria with  a transitional government that would respect human rights and the territorial integrity of the country; and, safeguard state institutions while restructuring security forces. Ahrar ash-Sham, a Saudi-backed ultraconservative group, withdrew from the talks at the end of the meeting. ](/news/2015/12/10/syrian-opposition-politicians-and-rebels-attending-a-two-day-meeting-hosted-by-saudi-arabia-in-riyadh-agree-on-a-framework-that-would-guid.md) _Context: Riyadh, Saudi Arabia_
6. [Pakistan sends a Boeing 747 to evacuate Pakistani nationals concerned about their security. The plane will be allowed into the country despite the no-fly zone declared by Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2015/03/29/pakistan-sends-a-boeing-747-to-evacuate-pakistani-nationals-concerned-about-their-security-the-plane-will-be-allowed-into-the-country-despi.md) _Context: Pakistan, Saudi Arabia_
7. [Saudi Arabia's official news agency reports that a hand grenade explosion at the King Abdulaziz military academy in Riyadh kills one cadet and injures nine. ](/news/2012/10/16/saudi-arabiaas-official-news-agency-reports-that-a-hand-grenade-explosion-at-the-king-abdulaziz-military-academy-in-riyadh-kills-one-cadet.md) _Context: Riyadh, Saudi Arabia_
8. [Former Al-Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden's wives and children are deported from Pakistan to Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2012/04/27/former-al-qaeda-chief-osama-bin-laden-s-wives-and-children-are-deported-from-pakistan-to-saudi-arabia.md) _Context: Pakistan, Saudi Arabia_
9. [Malaysia deports Saudi Arabian journalist Hamzar Kashgari, accused of insulting the prophet Muhammad in a tweet. ](/news/2012/02/12/malaysia-deports-saudi-arabian-journalist-hamzar-kashgari-accused-of-insulting-the-prophet-muhammad-in-a-tweet.md) _Context: Malaysia, Saudi Arabia_
10. [A Saudi blogger is detained by Malaysian police after fleeing Saudi Arabia for allegedly insulting the Prophet Muhammad. ](/news/2012/02/10/a-saudi-blogger-is-detained-by-malaysian-police-after-fleeing-saudi-arabia-for-allegedly-insulting-the-prophet-muhammad.md) _Context: Malaysia, Saudi Arabia_
