### [2015-12-16](/news/2015/12/16/index.md)

# Spanish general election, 2015. Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy is punched in the face by a teenager during a People's Party campaign event in the city of Pontevedra. 

TV footage shows young man hitting prime minister on side of head but a party spokesperson said he was not hurt in the incident


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/dec/16/spanish-pm-punched-during-election-walkabout)

### Related:

1. [Spanish general election, 2015. Pedro Sanchez, leader of Spain's Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) rejects a pact with the ruling People's Party (PP). "We say 'no' to Rajoy and his policies," Sanchez told a news conference after meeting with Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy. ](/news/2015/12/23/spanish-general-election-2015-pedro-sa-nchez-leader-of-spain-s-spanish-socialist-workers-party-psoe-rejects-a-pact-with-the-ruling-peo.md) _Context: Mariano Rajoy, People's Party, Prime Minister, Spain, election_
2. [2015-16 Spanish government formation. The Spanish Parliament votes to allow Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy to lead a People's Party minority government after a ten month interregnum. ](/news/2016/10/29/2015-16-spanish-government-formation-the-spanish-parliament-votes-to-allow-prime-minister-mariano-rajoy-to-lead-a-people-s-party-minority.md) _Context: Mariano Rajoy, People's Party, Prime Minister_
3. [2015-16 Spanish government formation. The Socialist Workers' Party, following the party's 139-96 vote approving this action, say they will abstain from voting against acting Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy when he puts his People's Party coalition government to parliament this week, thereby ending the 10-month deadlock. ](/news/2016/10/23/2015-16-spanish-government-formation-the-socialist-workers-party-following-the-party-s-139-96-vote-approving-this-action-say-they-wi.md) _Context: Mariano Rajoy, People's Party, Prime Minister_
4. [Spanish general election, 2015. In Sunday's elections, Spain's center-right ruling People's Party (PP) wins 123 seats (35.1%), and the center-left Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) takes 90 (25.7%) of the 350 seats in parliament, thereby ending Spain's two-party system since neither major party won an absolute majority. Turnout was 73 percent. Spain's new political forces, Podemos and Ciudadanos (C's), get 69 and 40 seats, respectively. Smaller parties split the remaining 28 seats, 17 to Catalonia parties which favor secession. It appears that a coalition government will be necessary. PSOE has declined to join the PP, which actually doesn't want that either. King Felipe, who ascended the throne in June 2014, is constitutionally empowered to mediate. ](/news/2015/12/21/spanish-general-election-2015-in-sunday-s-elections-spain-s-center-right-ruling-people-s-party-pp-wins-123-seats-35-1-and-the-cente.md) _Context: People's Party, Spain, election_
5. [Spanish general election, 2015. Today's parliamentary election is forecast to end Spain's two-party system as the traditional powers, the center-right People's Party (PP) and the center-left Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE), are facing real challenges from the anti-austerity Podemos Party and the liberal Ciudadanos party (C's). Analysts expect a high turnout. ](/news/2015/12/20/spanish-general-election-2015-today-s-parliamentary-election-is-forecast-to-end-spain-s-two-party-system-as-the-traditional-powers-the-ce.md) _Context: People's Party, Spain, election_
6. [The Catalan Parliament passes a resolution calling for the Catalonian region to secede from Spain. Spanish prime minister Mariano Rajoy says his government will seek to invalidate the motion with an appeal to the Constitutional Court in the coming days. ](/news/2015/11/9/the-catalan-parliament-passes-a-resolution-calling-for-the-catalonian-region-to-secede-from-spain-spanish-prime-minister-mariano-rajoy-says.md) _Context: Mariano Rajoy, Prime Minister, Spain_
7. [The Prime Minister of Spain Mariano Rajoy is reelected as head of the Popular Party at its conference in Seville. ](/news/2012/02/18/the-prime-minister-of-spain-mariano-rajoy-is-reelected-as-head-of-the-popular-party-at-its-conference-in-seville.md) _Context: Mariano Rajoy, People's Party, Prime Minister_
8. [Spanish general election, 2016. Spain's King Felipe VI announces an unprecedented, repeat parliamentary election for June 26, 2016, since none of the country's political parties has been able to form a government. The prior election, which was held on December 20, 2015, resulted in a hung parliament. Previously, Spain had been ruled via a two-party system. ](/news/2016/04/26/spanish-general-election-2016-spain-s-king-felipe-vi-announces-an-unprecedented-repeat-parliamentary-election-for-june-26-2016-since-no.md) _Context: Spain, election_
9. [Spanish general election, 2015. The conservative People's Party (PP) and the left-wing Podemos party, which together hold 192 seats in Spain-s 350-seat parliament following December's election, confirm they will vote against Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) leader Pedro Sanchez-s candidacy to form a new government. ](/news/2016/03/2/spanish-general-election-2015-the-conservative-people-s-party-pp-and-the-left-wing-podemos-party-which-together-hold-192-seats-in-spain.md) _Context: People's Party, election_
10. [Catalonian parliamentary election, 2015. Separatists won a clear majority of seats in Catalonia's parliament (72 out of 135) in this weekend's election that saw a record turnout of 78 percent. The winners will seek to unilaterally declare independence within 18 months. Spain's constitution does not allow any region to break away. Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy vows to fight the separatist plan. ](/news/2015/09/28/catalonian-parliamentary-election-2015-separatists-won-a-clear-majority-of-seats-in-catalonia-s-parliament-72-out-of-135-in-this-weekend.md) _Context: Mariano Rajoy, Prime Minister_
