### [2002-01-23](/news/2002/01/23/index.md)

# Kenneth Lay, CEO of the bankrupt Enron Corporation, resigns.




### Related:

1. [Addressing the death of Kenneth Lay, U.S. President George W. Bush states that he hopes Lay, one of the men convicted in the collapse of Enron, "was right with the Lord". ](/news/2006/07/6/addressing-the-death-of-kenneth-lay-u-s-president-george-w-bush-states-that-he-hopes-lay-one-of-the-men-convicted-in-the-collapse-of-enr.md) _Context: Kenneth Lay_
2. [ Former Enron executive Kenneth Lay has died of a heart attack at the age of 64. ](/news/2006/07/5/former-enron-executive-kenneth-lay-has-died-of-a-heart-attack-at-the-age-of-64.md) _Context: Kenneth Lay_
3. [ Former Enron executives Kenneth Lay and Jeffrey Skilling are found criminally guilty for their role in the demise of the now-defunct energy-trading firm. ](/news/2006/05/25/former-enron-executives-kenneth-lay-and-jeffrey-skilling-are-found-criminally-guilty-for-their-role-in-the-demise-of-the-now-defunct-energy.md) _Context: Kenneth Lay_
4. [ Ken Lay, former chairman of the board of defunct Enron Corporation, took the stand in his own defense in his criminal trial in Houston, Texas. ](/news/2006/04/24/ken-lay-former-chairman-of-the-board-of-defunct-enron-corporation-took-the-stand-in-his-own-defense-in-his-criminal-trial-in-houston-tex.md) _Context: Enron Corporation_
5. [ Kenneth Lay, the former Chairman of Enron, is indicted by a grand jury in Houston, Texas. Enron filed for bankruptcy on December 2, 2001, after investigators discovered that it had hidden more than $1 billion in debt and inflated profits. ](/news/2004/07/7/kenneth-lay-the-former-chairman-of-enron-is-indicted-by-a-grand-jury-in-houston-texas-enron-filed-for-bankruptcy-on-december-2-2001-a.md) _Context: Kenneth Lay_
6. [ Enron Corporation: Former Assistant Treasurer Lea Fastow and wife of Andrew Fastow, failed to respond to a plea agreement by the deadline. The offer would have allowed her to plead guilty in federal court to lesser charges and serve five months in return for her testimony. Her trial for conspiracy to commit wire fraud, money laundering, and tax evasion is scheduled to start February 10.](/news/2004/01/9/enron-corporation-former-assistant-treasurer-lea-fastow-and-wife-of-andrew-fastow-failed-to-respond-to-a-plea-agreement-by-the-deadline.md) _Context: Enron Corporation_
7. [ Enron Corporation: Richard Causey, former chief accounting officer was indicted in Houston, Texas, on federal charges of securities fraud and conspiracy for his role in masking Enron's faltering fiscal health in late 2001. He has pled not guilty.](/news/2004/01/22/enron-corporation-richard-causey-former-chief-accounting-officer-was-indicted-in-houston-texas-on-federal-charges-of-securities-fraud-a.md) _Context: Enron Corporation_
8. [ Enron Corporation: Former CFO Andrew Fastow and his wife Lea Fastow, former Assistant Treasurer, accept a plea agreement. Andrew Fastow will serve a ten-year prison sentence and forfeit $23.8 million. Lea Fastow will serve a five-month prison sentence and a year of supervised release, including five months of house arrest. Both will provide testimony against other Enron corporate officers.](/news/2004/01/14/enron-corporation-former-cfo-andrew-fastow-and-his-wife-lea-fastow-former-assistant-treasurer-accept-a-plea-agreement-andrew-fastow-wil.md) _Context: Enron Corporation_
9. [ Enron announces proposed sale of Portland General Electric for $2.35 billion, including assumption of debt. The sale is to a newly formed LLC backed by a private investment firm from Texas. This happens after Portland-area residents defeated a ballot measure to take over the utility on November 4. PGE had outspent supporters of the takeover 60-to-1.](/news/2003/11/18/enron-announces-proposed-sale-of-portland-general-electric-for-2-35-billion-including-assumption-of-debt-the-sale-is-to-a-newly-formed-l.md) _Context: Enron Corporation_
10. ["Time" announced that its "Persons of the Year" are three female whistleblowers - Coleen Rowley, FBI agent who wrote a memorandum to FBI Director Robert Mueller claiming that the Minneapolis office had been remiss in its investigation of suspected terrorist Zacarias Moussaoui; Cynthia Cooper, former WorldCom auditor, who alerted the company's Board of Directors of accounting irregularities; and Sherron Watkins, former Enron Vice President, who reported to the company's former Chairman Kenneth Lay in 2001 that the company was about to collapse as a result of false accounting.](/news/2002/12/22/time-announced-that-its-persons-of-the-year-are-three-female-whistleblowers-a-coleen-rowley-fbi-agent-who-wrote-a-memorandum-to-fbi-d.md) _Context: Kenneth Lay_
