### [2004-09-20](/news/2004/09/20/index.md)

#  2004 Atlantic hurricane season: Massive flooding in Haiti resulting from this weekend's passage of Hurricane Jeanne over the island of Hispaniola leaves large areas submerged and at least 556 people dead, with that number expected to increase. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/3674990.stm)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.co.uk/newsPackageArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=587483&section=news)

### Related:

1. [ 2004 Atlantic hurricane season: The death toll in Haiti from flooding caused by this weekend's passage of Hurricane Jeanne is now at 1,080 persons, and government officials say the final number is likely to be around 2,000. At least 175,000 Haitians have been affected by the flooding. [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6309716 (Reuters)] ayung======](/news/2004/09/23/2004-atlantic-hurricane-season-the-death-toll-in-haiti-from-flooding-caused-by-this-weekend-s-passage-of-hurricane-jeanne-is-now-at-1-080.md) _Context: 2004 Atlantic hurricane season, Haiti, Hurricane Jeanne_
2. [ 2004 Atlantic hurricane season: The number of people confirmed dead in Haiti from the effects of Hurricane Jeanne rises to at least 691, with the number of missing at more than 1,000. The city of Gonaves remains flooded, and thousands are homeless. ](/news/2004/09/21/2004-atlantic-hurricane-season-the-number-of-people-confirmed-dead-in-haiti-from-the-effects-of-hurricane-jeanne-rises-to-at-least-691-wi.md) _Context: 2004 Atlantic hurricane season, Haiti, Hurricane Jeanne_
3. [Hurricane Matthew kills at least 26 people on the island of Hispaniola; 22 in Haiti and four more in the Dominican Republic. The U.S. National Hurricane Center predicts the storm, currently a Category 3 with maximum sustained winds of 115 mph (185 km/h), will strengthen as it moves across the Bahamas tonight and tomorrow, and be near the east coast of Florida by tomorrow evening. ](/news/2016/10/5/hurricane-matthew-kills-at-least-26-people-on-the-island-of-hispaniola-22-in-haiti-and-four-more-in-the-dominican-republic-the-u-s-nation.md) _Context: Haiti, Hispaniola_
4. [Tropical Storm Isaac hits the island of Hispaniola containing Haiti and the Dominican Republic. A hurricane watch threat level is set for Haiti. ](/news/2012/08/24/tropical-storm-isaac-hits-the-island-of-hispaniola-containing-haiti-and-the-dominican-republic-a-hurricane-watch-threat-level-is-set-for-ha.md) _Context: Haiti, Hispaniola_
5. [Hurricane Irene reaches Category 2 strength as it hits the island of Hispaniola containing Haiti and the Dominican Republic. ](/news/2011/08/23/hurricane-irene-reaches-category-2-strength-as-it-hits-the-island-of-hispaniola-containing-haiti-and-the-dominican-republic.md) _Context: Haiti, Hispaniola_
6. [ Heavy flooding after several days of heavy rain in Hispaniola have resulted in 11 people dying and thousands of people being evacuated in Haiti and the Dominican Republic. ](/news/2007/03/27/heavy-flooding-after-several-days-of-heavy-rain-in-hispaniola-have-resulted-in-11-people-dying-and-thousands-of-people-being-evacuated-in-h.md) _Context: Haiti, Hispaniola_
7. [ 2004 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Jeanne strengthens slightly as it passes over the northern Bahamas and makes landfall at 11:50 p.m. local time at Hutchison Island, just east of Stuart, Florida, as a Category Three storm with maximum sustained winds of 120&nbsp;mph (195 km/h). About 3 million people are ordered to evacuate vulnerable areas in Florida. ](/news/2004/09/25/2004-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-jeanne-strengthens-slightly-as-it-passes-over-the-northern-bahamas-and-makes-landfall-at-11-50-p.md) _Context: 2004 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Jeanne_
8. [Irma has killed at least 14 people. The storm, still at Category 5 strength with maximum sustained winds of 175 mph (280 km/h), is moving west-northwest at 16 mph (26 km/h). It has reached the dual-country island of Hispaniola and is forecast to pass over the Turks and Caicos Islands as it heads towards The Bahamas and Cuba. The eye did not directly hit Puerto Rico; still casualties are reported and around two-thirds of its 3.4 million population are without electricity. ](/news/2017/09/7/irma-has-killed-at-least-14-people-the-storm-still-at-category-5-strength-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-175-mph-280-km-h-is-moving-we.md) _Context: Hispaniola_
9. [Haiti will reinstate its armed forces after 20 years of having none. ](/news/2017/07/11/haiti-will-reinstate-its-armed-forces-after-20-years-of-having-none.md) _Context: Haiti_
10. [A bus driver in the Haitian city of Gonaives ploughs into crowds of people celebrating Rara while speeding away from an earlier accident which left one person dead, killing at least 38 people, including a group of street musicians, and injures 17 others. ](/news/2017/03/12/a-bus-driver-in-the-haitian-city-of-gonaa-ves-ploughs-into-crowds-of-people-celebrating-rara-while-speeding-away-from-an-earlier-accident-wh.md) _Context: Haiti_
