### [2004-09-20](/news/2004/09/20/index.md)

#  Conflict in Iraq: Tawhid and Jihad, a militant group led by Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, beheads American hostage Eugene Armstrong. The group threatens to behead two additional hostages, American Jack Hensley and Briton Kenneth Bigley, within 24 hours unless the United States meets its demands. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6284093)

### Related:

1. [ Conflict in Iraq: Tawhid and Jihad, a militant group led by Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, beheads American hostage Jack Hensley. The group threatens to behead the remaining hostage, Briton Kenneth Bigley, within 24 hours unless the United States meets its demands. Eugene Armstrong was beheaded yesterday. ](/news/2004/09/21/conflict-in-iraq-tawhid-and-jihad-a-militant-group-led-by-abu-musab-al-zarqawi-beheads-american-hostage-jack-hensley-the-group-threaten.md) _Context: Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, Eugene Armstrong, Tawhid and Jihad, behead, rebel-held_
2. [ Reports confirm that British hostage Kenneth Bigley was beheaded yesterday by his captors, members of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi's Tawhid and Jihad militant group, despite last-minute exchanges between the group and the British government. ](/news/2004/10/8/reports-confirm-that-british-hostage-kenneth-bigley-was-beheaded-yesterday-by-his-captors-members-of-abu-musab-al-zarqawi-s-tawhid-and-jih.md) _Context: Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, Tawhid and Jihad, hostage_
3. [ Conflict in Iraq: The governments of the United Kingdom and Iraq announce that they will not comply with the demands of the militant group Tawhid and Jihad, which has threatened to behead its hostage, British citizen Kenneth Bigley. ](/news/2004/09/23/conflict-in-iraq-the-governments-of-the-united-kingdom-and-iraq-announce-that-they-will-not-comply-with-the-demands-of-the-militant-group.md) _Context: Tawhid and Jihad, hostage, rebel-held_
4. [ The British government orders the freezing of any assets that Abu Musab al-Zarqawi's militant group, Tawhid and Jihad&mdash;which has claimed responsibility for killing Kenneth Bigley&mdash;may hold in Britain. ](/news/2004/10/14/the-british-government-orders-the-freezing-of-any-assets-that-abu-musab-al-zarqawi-s-militant-group-tawhid-and-jihad-mdash-which-has-claim.md) _Context: Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, Tawhid and Jihad_
5. [ The "pre-election offensive" against the Iraqi resistance continues in the rebel-held city of Fallujah, with air-strikes killing at least 16, including women and children. Joint U.S.-Iraqi forces say that they are targeting Jordanian militant Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, who is linked to al-Qaeda. The U.S. military says it is investigating an incident that occurred September 12 in Baghdad in which five people, including an "al-Arabiya" journalist broadcasting live, were killed in a helicopter attack. ](/news/2004/09/13/the-pre-election-offensive-against-the-iraqi-resistance-continues-in-the-rebel-held-city-of-fallujah-with-air-strikes-killing-at-least-1.md) _Context: Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, rebel-held_
6. [ Al Jazeera television reports that a Bulgarian hostage held in Iraq by suspected al-Qaeda ally Abu Musab al-Zarqawi has been executed. A video tape of the murder was provided to Al Jazeera. The group vows to execute another hostage within 24 hours. ](/news/2004/07/13/al-jazeera-television-reports-that-a-bulgarian-hostage-held-in-iraq-by-suspected-al-qaeda-ally-abu-musab-al-zarqawi-has-been-executed-a-vi.md) _Context: Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, rebel-held_
7. [A Libyan spokesperson says two Italian hostages are freed by local fighters from Islamic State custody in Sabratha, Libya. He also confirms that two other Italian hostages were recently killed during local forces clashes with IS militants. ](/news/2016/03/4/a-libyan-spokesperson-says-two-italian-hostages-are-freed-by-local-fighters-from-islamic-state-custody-in-sabratha-libya-he-also-confirms.md) _Context: hostage_
8. [A man who took four firefighters hostage in Suwanee, Georgia, United States, is killed in a gun battle with police. ](/news/2013/04/10/a-man-who-took-four-firefighters-hostage-in-suwanee-georgia-united-states-is-killed-in-a-gun-battle-with-police.md) _Context: hostage_
9. [A gunman kills a school bus driver and holds a 6-year-old boy hostage in an underground bunker in Midland City, Alabama, United States. ](/news/2013/01/30/a-gunman-kills-a-school-bus-driver-and-holds-a-6-year-old-boy-hostage-in-an-underground-bunker-in-midland-city-alabama-united-states.md) _Context: hostage_
10. [Japanese police rescue four hostages from a Toyokawa Shinkin bank and arrest the knife-wielding man who had held them captive for more than 12 hours while demanding that Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda resign. ](/news/2012/11/22/japanese-police-rescue-four-hostages-from-a-toyokawa-shinkin-bank-and-arrest-the-knife-wielding-man-who-had-held-them-captive-for-more-than.md) _Context: hostage_
