### [2017-02-8](/news/2017/02/8/index.md)

# The U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia blocks health insurer Anthem Inc.'s proposed $54 billion merger with rival Cigna because it would have exacerbated an already highly concentrated market and likely raised prices. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/cigna-ma-anthem-idUSL1N1FU057)

### Related:

1. [Cigna announces that it has terminated its merger with Anthem, a deal that was blocked by a U.S. federal judge last week. In addition, Cigna sues Anthem for the $1.85 billion reverse termination fee, and for more than $13 billion in additional damages. Anthem says Cigna has no right to terminate the merger, a deal which in January was extended to April 30, 2017. ](/news/2017/02/14/cigna-announces-that-it-has-terminated-its-merger-with-anthem-a-deal-that-was-blocked-by-a-u-s-federal-judge-last-week-in-addition-cigna.md) _Context: Anthem, Cigna_
2. [Health insurance company Anthem Inc. agrees to buy Cigna in a deal worth $48 billion. ](/news/2015/07/24/health-insurance-company-anthem-inc-agrees-to-buy-cigna-in-a-deal-worth-48-billion.md) _Context: Anthem, Cigna_
3. [John D. Bates, United States federal judge for the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, blocks a proposed merger by health insurance companies Aetna and Humana. ](/news/2017/01/23/john-d-bates-united-states-federal-judge-for-the-united-states-district-court-for-the-district-of-columbia-blocks-a-proposed-merger-by-he.md) _Context: U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia_
4. [The District Court for the District of Columbia releases John Hinckley Jr, U.S. President Ronald Reagan's March 1981 would-be assassin, from a psychiatric hospital after 35 years. ](/news/2016/09/10/the-district-court-for-the-district-of-columbia-releases-john-hinckley-jr-u-s-president-ronald-reagan-s-march-1981-would-be-assassin-from.md) _Context: U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia_
5. [U.S. District Judge Emmet Sullivan blocks the $6.3 billion merger of major office supply companies Staples and Office Depot, finding it would result in reduced competition and higher prices. The companies announce they are abandoning the deal. ](/news/2016/05/10/u-s-district-judge-emmet-sullivan-blocks-the-6-3-billion-merger-of-major-office-supply-companies-staples-and-office-depot-finding-it-woul.md) _Context: U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia_
6. [Federal district court judge Richard Leon rules the National Security Agency-s bulk collection of U.S. phone records is unconstitutional. This ruling has limited impact since it applies to only one case, and the NSA is scheduled to replace this protocol with a more targeted system the end of this month. ](/news/2015/11/9/federal-district-court-judge-richard-leon-rules-the-national-security-agency-s-bulk-collection-of-u-s-phone-records-is-unconstitutional.md) _Context: U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia_
7. [Anthem Inc. discloses that criminal hackers have broken into its servers and potentially stolen over 80 million records that contain personally identifiable information from its servers. According to Anthem, the data breach extends into multiple brands Anthem uses to market its healthcare plans, including, Anthem Blue Cross, Anthem Blue Cross and Blue Shield, Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Georgia, Empire Blue Cross and Blue Shield, Amerigroup, Caremore, Unicare, Healthlink, and DeCare. Anthem says the medical information and financial data was not compromised. ](/news/2015/02/4/anthem-inc-discloses-that-criminal-hackers-have-broken-into-its-servers-and-potentially-stolen-over-80-million-records-that-contain-persona.md) _Context: Anthem_
8. [U.S. Chief Justice John G. Roberts announces he appointed Judge Richard C. Tallman of the Ninth Circuit to the United States Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court of Review for a six-year term beginning January 27, 2014, filling the vacancy that had existed since August, and Judge James E. Boasberg of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia to replace Reggie Walton in the United States Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court for a six-year term in May. ](/news/2014/02/7/u-s-chief-justice-john-g-roberts-announces-he-appointed-judge-richard-c-tallman-of-the-ninth-circuit-to-the-united-states-foreign-intelli.md) _Context: U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia_
9. [American judge Richard J. Leon of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia rules that the National Security Agency collecting domestic phone records was unconstitutional in "Klayman vs Obama". A stay has been placed on the ruling pending an appeal by the US Government. ](/news/2013/12/16/american-judge-richard-j-leon-of-the-united-states-district-court-for-the-district-of-columbia-rules-that-the-national-security-agency-coll.md) _Context: U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia_
10. [U.S. district court judge Reggie Walton declares a mistrial in the perjury trial of former baseball star Roger Clemens after prosecutors present evidence that Walton had previously ruled inadmissible. Walton will hold a hearing on September 2 to determine whether to hold a new trial. ](/news/2011/07/14/u-s-district-court-judge-reggie-walton-declares-a-mistrial-in-the-perjury-trial-of-former-baseball-star-roger-clemens-after-prosecutors-pre.md) _Context: U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia_
