### [2017-02-8](/news/2017/02/8/index.md)

# War in Donbass: Donetsk People's Republic commander Mikhail Tolstykh, better known by his "nom de guerre" "Givi", is killed in a bomb blast in Makiivka, Donetsk Oblast. DPR officials blame the Security Service of Ukraine for the attack. 

A second separatist commander is killed days after another pro-Russian rebel dies in a car bombing.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-38905110)

### Related:

1. [War in Donbass: Ukraine's domestic intelligence service, the SBU, reports that the March 2017 explosions at Balakliia military base in Eastern Ukraine were caused by a drone carrying a ZMG-1 thermite grenade. The explosions resulted in 1 death and 5 injuries. ](/news/2017/07/27/war-in-donbass-ukraine-s-domestic-intelligence-service-the-sbu-reports-that-the-march-2017-explosions-at-balakliia-military-base-in-easte.md) _Context: SBU, War in Donbass_
2. [War in Donbass: A bomb placed in an elevator shaft kills Pro-Russian, high-ranking officer of the Donetsk People's Republic's special forces, Arseny Pavlov, also known as "Motorola", in Donetsk. ](/news/2016/10/16/war-in-donbass-a-bomb-placed-in-an-elevator-shaft-kills-pro-russian-high-ranking-officer-of-the-donetsk-people-s-republic-s-special-forces.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic, War in Donbass_
3. [War in Donbass: Representatives of the Russian-backed Donetsk People's Republic in Eastern Ukraine say at least five civilians are killed by artillery fire at a checkpoint in the town of Olenivka, with another 10 injured. Kiev denies the accusation. A local border-guard spokesman says there was an explosion at the checkpoint but he saw no artillery fired from either side, suggesting the blast could have been a bomb. ](/news/2016/04/27/war-in-donbass-representatives-of-the-russian-backed-donetsk-people-s-republic-in-eastern-ukraine-say-at-least-five-civilians-are-killed-by.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic, War in Donbass_
4. [War in Donbass: Russia-Ukraine relations: A Ukrainian court sentences two Russian nationals to 14 years in prison each on charges of fighting alongside Russian-backed separatists in eastern Ukraine. Moscow contends that the two Russians were no longer employed by the state when they were captured. ](/news/2016/04/18/war-in-donbass-russia-ukraine-relations-a-ukrainian-court-sentences-two-russian-nationals-to-14-years-in-prison-each-on-charges-of-fight.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic, War in Donbass_
5. [War in Donbass: The Ukrainian Army says eight of its soldiers were wounded in fighting against Russian-backed separatists in the east of the country during the previous 24 hours. A military spokesman said there had been 29 shelling incidents around Mariupol. ](/news/2016/04/13/war-in-donbass-the-ukrainian-army-says-eight-of-its-soldiers-were-wounded-in-fighting-against-russian-backed-separatists-in-the-east-of-the.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic, War in Donbass_
6. [War in Donbass: Four people are killed after a minibus hit a landmine near a Ukrainian military checkpoint in the Donetsk Oblast. ](/news/2016/02/10/war-in-donbass-four-people-are-killed-after-a-minibus-hit-a-landmine-near-a-ukrainian-military-checkpoint-in-the-donetsk-oblast.md) _Context: Donetsk Oblast, War in Donbass_
7. [War in Donbass: Portraits of former dictator Joseph Stalin go up in the city of Donetsk as the Donetsk People's Republic adopts more Soviet era policies. ](/news/2015/10/19/war-in-donbass-portraits-of-former-dictator-joseph-stalin-go-up-in-the-city-of-donetsk-as-the-donetsk-people-s-republic-adopts-more-soviet.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic, War in Donbass_
8. [War in Donbass: Alexander Zakharchenko, leader of the rebel Donetsk People's Republic said the insurgents had released two American aid workers. ](/news/2015/05/9/war-in-donbass-alexander-zakharchenko-leader-of-the-rebel-donetsk-people-s-republic-said-the-insurgents-had-released-two-american-aid-work.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic, War in Donbass_
9. [War in Donbass: The office of the President of Ukraine calls on the European Union and NATO to condemn the Russian-backed rebels for military action in Debaltseve. The self-proclaimed rebel government officials claim the town was not part of the recently established ceasefire. ](/news/2015/02/17/war-in-donbass-the-office-of-the-president-of-ukraine-calls-on-the-european-union-and-nato-to-condemn-the-russian-backed-rebels-for-militar.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic, War in Donbass_
10. [War in Donbass: Ukraine and pro-Russia rebels exchange nearly 370 prisoners in the largest such exchange since hostilities began in April this year. ](/news/2014/12/26/war-in-donbass-ukraine-and-pro-russia-rebels-exchange-nearly-370-prisoners-in-the-largest-such-exchange-since-hostilities-began-in-april-th.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic, War in Donbass_
