### [2016-02-9](/news/2016/02/9/index.md)

# Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Iraqi Armed Forces announce the complete recapture of the city of Ramadi in western Iraq's Anbar Province from the Islamic State, along with the reopening of the Ramadi-Baghdad road. 

Iraq said its military completely recaptured the city of Ramadi, reopening a road to Baghdad after weeks of mop-up operations against Islamic State militants.


### Source:

1. [Iraqi News](http://www.iraqinews.com/iraq-war/iraqi-media-war-cell-declares-fully-liberation-of-ramadi-opening-ramadi-baghdad-road/)
2. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/World-News/2016/02/09/Iraqi-troops-fully-capture-Ramadi-reopen-road-to-Baghdad/1371455053155/)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Iraqi officials say the country's forces have managed to retake large parts of the key city of Ramadi from Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. ](/news/2015/12/8/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-iraqi-officials-say-the-country-s-forces-have-managed-to-retake-large-parts-of-the-key-city-of-ramadi-from.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Iraqi and allied forces, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Ramadi_
2. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): A car bomb explodes in a Shi'ite neighbourhood in Baghdad, killing at least 48 people. ISIL claimed responsibility for the bombing. ](/news/2017/02/16/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-a-car-bomb-explodes-in-a-shi-ite-neighbourhood-in-baghdad-killing-at-least-48-people-isil-claimed-respon.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
3. [Iraqi civil war (2014-present): Ar-Rutbah offensive (2016): Iraqi Army forces helped by U.S. airstrikes recapture the southwestern city of Ar-Rutbah from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant group. The victory will allow for the re-opening of the Baghdad-Amman highway. ](/news/2016/05/20/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-ar-rutbah-offensive-2016-iraqi-army-forces-helped-by-u-s-airstrikes-recapture-the-southwestern-city-of.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
4. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): 11 May 2016 Baghdad bombings: At least 64 people are killed and 87 injured in a bomb attack on a market in Sadr City, Baghdad. Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIS) claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/05/11/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-11-may-2016-baghdad-bombings-at-least-64-people-are-killed-and-87-injured-in-a-bomb-attack-on-a-market-in.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Hit offensive (2016): The Iraqi Army recaptures the western town of Hit, Al Anbar Governorate, after driving out hundreds of ISIL militants. ](/news/2016/04/8/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-ha-t-offensive-2016-the-iraqi-army-recaptures-the-western-town-of-ha-t-al-anbar-governorate-after-dri.md) _Context: Anbar province, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Hit offensive (2016): Iraqi security forces free a large number of prisoners from an underground ISIL-operated jail in the city of Hit. Malallah al-Obeidi, a local official in the Al Anbar Governorate, put the number of freed prisoners at around 1,500, saying most of them were civilians. ](/news/2016/04/2/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-ha-t-offensive-2016-iraqi-security-forces-free-a-large-number-of-prisoners-from-an-underground-isil-ope.md) _Context: Anbar province, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): During a visit to Baghdad, U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter announces that the United States will be sending more troops to the country to help in the fight against ISIL. The U.S. also plans to give Kurdish Peshmerga forces, which are fighting ISIL on the ground, more than $400m (GBP280m; -350m) in assistance. ](/news/2016/04/18/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-during-a-visit-to-baghdad-u-s-defense-secretary-ash-carter-announces-that-the-united-states-will-be-send.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): A suicide bomber kills at least 60 people and wounds 70 others after ramming his explosives-laden truck into a security checkpoint at one of the entrances to the Iraqi city of Hillah, south of Baghdad. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/03/6/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-60-people-and-wounds-70-others-after-ramming-his-explosives-laden-truck-in.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Iskandariya suicide bombing: At least 30 people are killed in a suicide attack on a football stadium south of Baghdad, Iraq. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for attack. ](/news/2016/03/25/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-iskandariya-suicide-bombing-at-least-30-people-are-killed-in-a-suicide-attack-on-a-football-stadium-south.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Two ISIL suicide bombers attack a Shiite mosque in Baghdad, killing at least 15 people. ](/news/2016/02/25/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-two-isil-suicide-bombers-attack-a-shiite-mosque-in-baghdad-killing-at-least-15-people.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
