### [2016-02-9](/news/2016/02/9/index.md)

# Philippine presidential election, 2016. The campaign period for the election begins in what international media dubs as a "cliffhanger" between five candidates: Jejomar Binay, Miriam Defensor Santiago, Rodrigo R. Duterte, Grace Poe, and Mar Roxas. 

As presidential candidates in the Philippines kick off their electoral campaigns, DW takes a look at the top contenders, and the issues likely to decide who will lead the Southeast Asian nation over the coming six years.


### Source:

1. [Deutsche Welle](http://www.dw.com/en/who-are-the-philippines-top-presidential-candidates/a-19035071)
2. [The Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/afp/article-3438423/Cliffhanger-Philippine-presidential-election-race-begins.html)

### Related:

1. [Philippine presidential election, 2016. The supporters of presidential candidates Grace Poe and Mar Roxas post petitions and counter-petitions on Change.org urging either candidate to drop-out and give way for the other. ](/news/2016/05/6/philippine-presidential-election-2016-the-supporters-of-presidential-candidates-grace-poe-and-mar-roxas-post-petitions-and-counter-petitio.md) _Context: Grace Poe, Mar Roxas, Philippine presidential election, 2016_
2. [Philippine presidential election, 2016. The Philippine Commission on Elections disqualifies presidential frontrunner Grace Poe, who is a rival of Mar Roxas, the candidate favored by President Benigno Aquino III. The move is widely believed to be politically motivated. ](/news/2015/12/22/philippine-presidential-election-2016-the-philippine-commission-on-elections-disqualifies-presidential-frontrunner-grace-poe-who-is-a-riv.md) _Context: Grace Poe, Mar Roxas, Philippine presidential election, 2016_
3. [Philippine general election, 2016. Philippine candidate Grace Poe denies she will give way in favor of administration bet Mar Roxas ](/news/2016/05/5/philippine-general-election-2016-philippine-candidate-grace-poe-denies-she-will-give-way-in-favor-of-administration-bet-mar-roxas.md) _Context: Grace Poe, Mar Roxas_
4. [Philippine presidential election, 2016. The influential Christian sect Iglesia ni Cristo endorses Grace Poe for president and Bongbong Marcos for vice president. ](/news/2016/04/30/philippine-presidential-election-2016-the-influential-christian-sect-iglesia-ni-cristo-endorses-grace-poe-for-president-and-bongbong-marco.md) _Context: Grace Poe, Philippine presidential election, 2016_
5. [Philippine presidential election, 2016. Presidential candidate Miriam Defensor Santiago, who lags in surveys, accuses pollsters of fabricating results by excluding her name in opinion polls. ](/news/2016/04/15/philippine-presidential-election-2016-presidential-candidate-miriam-defensor-santiago-who-lags-in-surveys-accuses-pollsters-of-fabricati.md) _Context: Miriam Defensor Santiago, Philippine presidential election, 2016_
6. [Philippine presidential election, 2016. The Supreme Court of the Philippines, in a 9-6 ruling, reverses the Commission on Elections order that had disqualified Senator Grace Poe from running in the May 9, 2016, presidential election. The petitioners plan to file a motion for reconsideration. ](/news/2016/03/8/philippine-presidential-election-2016-the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-in-a-9-6-ruling-reverses-the-commission-on-elections-order-th.md) _Context: Grace Poe, Philippine presidential election, 2016_
7. [Philippine presidential election, 2016:. President Benigno Aquino III endorses the presidential candidacy of Interior and Local Government Secretary Mar Roxas in 2016. ](/news/2015/07/31/philippine-presidential-election-2016-president-benigno-aquino-iii-endorses-the-presidential-candidacy-of-interior-and-local-government-s.md) _Context: Mar Roxas, Philippine presidential election, 2016_
8. [Philippine general election, 2010. Mayor Jejomar Binay and Senator Mar Roxas are still in a tight race for the vice-presidency. [http://newsinfo.inquirer.net/topstories/topstories/view/20100512-269597/Roxas-Binay-camps-trade-barbs-as-VP-race-heats-up "(Philippine Daily Inquirer)"]. Philippine President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo is elected as representative of Pampanga, the first outgoing president to be elected to the House of Representatives. [http://www.gmanews.tv/eleksyon2010/story/news/190811/arroyo-proclaimed-as-pampanga-congresswoman (GMA News)]. Former First Lady Imelda Marcos is elected as representative of Ilocos Norte. [http://newsinfo.inquirer.net/breakingnews/nation/view/20100511-269426/Imelda-Marcos-wins-big "(Philippine Daily Inquirer)"]. World-renowned boxer Manny Pacquiao is elected as representative of Sarangani. [http://www.philstar.com/Article.aspx?articleId=574540&publicationSubCategoryId=63 "(Philippine Star)"]](/news/2010/05/12/philippine-general-election-2010-mayor-jejomar-binay-and-senator-mar-roxas-are-still-in-a-tight-race-for-the-vice-presidency-http-news.md) _Context: Jejomar Binay, Mar Roxas_
9. [Philippine presidential election, 2016. Bongbong Marcos asks the Philippine Supreme Court to dismiss a counter-protest by current vice president Leni Robredo regarding her narrow victory in last year's national elections. ](/news/2017/04/20/philippine-presidential-election-2016-bongbong-marcos-asks-the-philippine-supreme-court-to-dismiss-a-counter-protest-by-current-vice-presi.md) _Context: Philippine presidential election, 2016_
10. [Philippine presidential election, 2016. Bongbong Marcos pays -36 million, half of the required amount to hold a recount against Philippine vice president Leni Robredo.](/news/2017/04/17/philippine-presidential-election-2016-bongbong-marcos-pays-36-million-half-of-the-required-amount-to-hold-a-recount-against-philippine.md) _Context: Philippine presidential election, 2016_
