### [2016-02-9](/news/2016/02/9/index.md)

# The campaign period for the election begins in what international media dubs as a "cliffhanger" between five candidates: Jejomar Binay, Miriam Defensor Santiago, Rodrigo R. Duterte, Grace Poe, and Mar Roxas. 

As presidential candidates in the Philippines kick off their electoral campaigns, DW takes a look at the top contenders, and the issues likely to decide who will lead the Southeast Asian nation over the coming six years.


### Source:

1. [Deutsche Welle](http://www.dw.com/en/who-are-the-philippines-top-presidential-candidates/a-19035071)
2. [The Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/afp/article-3438423/Cliffhanger-Philippine-presidential-election-race-begins.html)
2. [Cover Image](http://www.dw.com/image/19034969_304.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The supporters of presidential candidates Grace Poe and Mar Roxas post petitions and counter-petitions on Change.org urging either candidate to drop-out and give way for the other. ](/news/2016/05/6/the-supporters-of-presidential-candidates-grace-poe-and-mar-roxas-post-petitions-and-counter-petitions-on-change-org-urging-either-candidate.md) _Context: Grace Poe, Mar Roxas, Philippine presidential election, 2016_
2. [The Philippine Commission on Elections disqualifies presidential frontrunner Grace Poe, who is a rival of Mar Roxas, the candidate favored by President Benigno Aquino III. The move is widely believed to be politically motivated. ](/news/2015/12/22/the-philippine-commission-on-elections-disqualifies-presidential-frontrunner-grace-poe-who-is-a-rival-of-mar-roxas-the-candidate-favored-b.md) _Context: Grace Poe, Mar Roxas, Philippine presidential election, 2016_
3. [Philippine candidate Grace Poe denies she will give way in favor of administration bet Mar Roxas ](/news/2016/05/5/philippine-candidate-grace-poe-denies-she-will-give-way-in-favor-of-administration-bet-mar-roxas.md) _Context: Grace Poe, Mar Roxas_
4. [The influential Christian sect Iglesia ni Cristo endorses Grace Poe for president and Bongbong Marcos for vice president. ](/news/2016/04/30/the-influential-christian-sect-iglesia-ni-cristo-endorses-grace-poe-for-president-and-bongbong-marcos-for-vice-president.md) _Context: Grace Poe, Philippine presidential election, 2016_
5. [Presidential candidate Miriam Defensor Santiago, who lags in surveys, accuses pollsters of fabricating results by excluding her name in opinion polls. ](/news/2016/04/15/presidential-candidate-miriam-defensor-santiago-who-lags-in-surveys-accuses-pollsters-of-fabricating-results-by-excluding-her-name-in-opin.md) _Context: Miriam Defensor Santiago, Philippine presidential election, 2016_
6. [The Supreme Court of the Philippines, in a 9-6 ruling, reverses the Commission on Elections order that had disqualified Senator Grace Poe from running in the May 9, 2016, presidential election. The petitioners plan to file a motion for reconsideration. ](/news/2016/03/8/the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-in-a-9-6-ruling-reverses-the-commission-on-elections-order-that-had-disqualified-senator-grace-poe-fr.md) _Context: Grace Poe, Philippine presidential election, 2016_
7. [Mayor Jejomar Binay and Senator Mar Roxas are still in a tight race for the vice-presidency. [http://newsinfo.inquirer.net/topstories/topstories/view/20100512-269597/Roxas-Binay-camps-trade-barbs-as-VP-race-heats-up "(Philippine Daily Inquirer)"]Philippine President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo is elected as representative of Pampanga, the first outgoing president to be elected to the House of Representatives. [http://www.gmanews.tv/eleksyon2010/story/news/190811/arroyo-proclaimed-as-pampanga-congresswoman (GMA News)]Former First Lady Imelda Marcos is elected as representative of Ilocos Norte. [http://newsinfo.inquirer.net/breakingnews/nation/view/20100511-269426/Imelda-Marcos-wins-big "(Philippine Daily Inquirer)"]World-renowned boxer Manny Pacquiao is elected as representative of Sarangani. [http://www.philstar.com/Article.aspx?articleId=574540&publicationSubCategoryId=63 "(Philippine Star)"]](/news/2010/05/12/mayor-jejomar-binay-and-senator-mar-roxas-are-still-in-a-tight-race-for-the-vice-presidency-http-newsinfo-inquirer-net-topstories-topsto.md) _Context: Jejomar Binay, Mar Roxas_
8. [Bongbong Marcos asks the Philippine Supreme Court to dismiss a counter-protest by current vice president Leni Robredo regarding her narrow victory in last year's national elections. ](/news/2017/04/20/bongbong-marcos-asks-the-philippine-supreme-court-to-dismiss-a-counter-protest-by-current-vice-president-leni-robredo-regarding-her-narrow-v.md) _Context: Philippine presidential election, 2016_
9. [Bongbong Marcos pays [?]36 million, half of the required amount to hold a recount against Philippine vice president Leni Robredo.](/news/2017/04/17/bongbong-marcos-pays-a-36-million-half-of-the-required-amount-to-hold-a-recount-against-philippine-vice-president-leni-robredo.md) _Context: Philippine presidential election, 2016_
10. [The Supreme Court of the Philippines allows the electoral protest of defeated candidate Bongbong Marcos against Philippine vice president Leni Robredo to continue. ](/news/2017/02/16/the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-allows-the-electoral-protest-of-defeated-candidate-bongbong-marcos-against-philippine-vice-president-le.md) _Context: Philippine presidential election, 2016_
