### [2016-02-9](/news/2016/02/9/index.md)

# United States presidential election, 2016. New Hampshire primary. Voters in the state of New Hampshire go to the polls for the first primary election in this year's presidential cycle. 

The New Hampshire primaries will be crucial for both sides of the presidential race. The BBC’s Katty Kay talks about the three things she’ll be watching for on Tuesday night.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/election-us-2016-35526323)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/02/04/politics/bernie-sanders-jewish-new-hampshire-primary/)
3. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/02/04/politics/bernie-sanders-jewish-new-hampshire-primary/index.html)
4. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/2016-election/trump-sanders-sweep-victory-new-hampshire-primaries-nbc-news-n515191?cid=eml_nbn_20160209)
5. [The Huffington Post](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/bernie-sanders-wins-new-hampshire_us_56ba4d2ce4b08ffac122ff50)
6. [The Week](http://theweek.com/speedreads/604757/bernie-sanders-becomes-first-jewish-nonchristian-candidate-win-primary)

### Related:

1. [United States presidential election, 2016. Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders endorses Democratic Party rival Hillary Clinton for president at a rally in New Hampshire, effectively suspending his presidential campaign. ](/news/2016/07/12/united-states-presidential-election-2016-vermont-senator-bernie-sanders-endorses-democratic-party-rival-hillary-clinton-for-president-at-a.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, New Hampshire_
2. [United States presidential election, 2016. Voters in the U.S. state of Wisconsin go to the polls for a primary election with Ted Cruz winning the Republican Party contest and Bernie Sanders winning the Democratic Party primary. ](/news/2016/04/5/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-wisconsin-go-to-the-polls-for-a-primary-election-with-ted-cruz-winnin.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, primary election_
3. [ United States presidential election, 2008:. Voters in New Hampshire go to the polls for the first primary election to determine presidential nominees for the Democratic and Republican parties.. New York Senator Hillary Clinton wins the Democratic primary.. Arizona Senator John McCain wins the Republican primary. ](/news/2008/01/8/united-states-presidential-election-2008-voters-in-new-hampshire-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-primary-election-to-determine-presidentia.md) _Context: New Hampshire, primary election_
4. [ United States presidential election, 2008:. New Hampshire sets January 8, 2008 as the date for the presidential primary, maintaining the tradition of being the first state to vote. ](/news/2007/11/22/united-states-presidential-election-2008-new-hampshire-sets-january-8-2008-as-the-date-for-the-presidential-primary-maintaining-the-tr.md) _Context: New Hampshire, New Hampshire primary_
5. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections. Sally Yates testifies before the United States Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism concerning investigations into Russia's role in the 2016 U.S. presidential election and in the Trump administration. ](/news/2017/05/8/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-sally-yates-testifies-before-the-united-states-senate-judiciary-subcommittee-on-cr.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election_
6. [Democratic Party (Italy) leadership election, 2017. Former Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi regains the role of Secretary of the Democratic Party, after his resignation in February, in an open primary election. ](/news/2017/04/30/democratic-party-italy-leadership-election-2017-former-italian-prime-minister-matteo-renzi-regains-the-role-of-secretary-of-the-democrat.md) _Context: primary election_
7. [Trump Tower wiretapping allegations. U.S. President Donald Trump accuses former President Barack Obama of wiretapping Trump Tower the month before the 2016 presidential election but offers no evidence to support his claim. A spokesman for President Obama rejects these claims. ](/news/2017/03/4/trump-tower-wiretapping-allegations-u-s-president-donald-trump-accuses-former-president-barack-obama-of-wiretapping-trump-tower-the-month.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election_
8. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections. Michael T. Flynn is willing to testify under the condition of immunity in the ongoing congressional probe on Russia's role in the 2016 U.S. presidential election. ](/news/2017/03/30/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-michael-t-flynn-is-willing-to-testify-under-the-condition-of-immunity-in-the-ongo.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election_
9. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections. The United States House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence holds a hearing about Russian interference in the 2016 election and confirms that there is an ongoing investigation into ties between Trump's team and Russia. ](/news/2017/03/20/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-the-united-states-house-permanent-select-committee-on-intelligence-holds-a-hearing.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election_
10. [2016 United States election interference by Russia. A declassified U.S. intelligence report claims that Vladimir Putin ordered a campaign to influence the U.S. presidential election against Democratic Party candidate Hillary Clinton. ](/news/2017/01/6/2016-united-states-election-interference-by-russia-a-declassified-u-s-intelligence-report-claims-that-vladimir-putin-ordered-a-campaign-to.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election_
