### [2015-08-28](/news/2015/08/28/index.md)

# Hawaii Governor David Ige signs an emergency proclamation in anticipation of the arrival of Hurricane Ignacio on Monday. Ignacio is expected to strengthen to Category 2 this weekend. The state is still recovering from precipitation from Tropical Storm Kilo which skirted the islands earlier this week. In addition, Hurricane Jimena, which is expected to intensify to near category 5 strength on Saturday, is trailing Ignacio and also heading toward Hawaii. 

Gov. David Ige signed an emergency proclamation on Friday in anticipation of the arrival of Hurricane Ignacio. 


### Source:

1. [Hawaii News Now](http://www.hawaiinewsnow.com/story/29912019/gov-ige-signs-emergency-proclamation-as-hurricane-ignacio-tracks-toward-state)
2. [The Honolulu Star-Advertiser](http://www.staradvertiser.com/news/breaking/20150824_Kilo_Loke_moving_into_Northwest_Hawaiian_Islands.html?id=322716741)
3. [Maui Now](http://mauinow.com/2015/08/28/hurricanes-ignacio-jimena-expected-to-strengthen/)
4. [AP via ''The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/national/hawaii-awaits-hurricane-while-still-recovering-from-rain/2015/08/28/6ecb56b6-4df7-11e5-80c2-106ea7fb80d4_story.html)

### Related:

1. [Hawaii Governor David Ige declares a state of emergency as Tropical Storm Darby is on track to reach the U.S. state's Big Island today with maximum sustained winds approaching 50 mph (80 kph). The storm, which previously was a Category 3 hurricane, could produce up to 15 inches (40 cm) of rain. ](/news/2016/07/23/hawaii-governor-david-ige-declares-a-state-of-emergency-as-tropical-storm-darby-is-on-track-to-reach-the-u-s-state-s-big-island-today-with.md) _Context: David Ige, Hawaii Governor_
2. [Hawaii Governor David Ige declares a state of emergency to address homelessness as the state has seen an alarming increase in unsheltered individuals and families over the past two years, particularly on O'ahu. Hawaii has the  highest per capita rate of homelessness among the 50 states at about 465 people per 100,000 citizens. This act "frees up" money for this problem. ](/news/2015/10/16/hawaii-governor-david-ige-declares-a-state-of-emergency-to-address-homelessness-as-the-state-has-seen-an-alarming-increase-in-unsheltered-in.md) _Context: David Ige, Hawaii Governor_
3. [Tropical Storm Ignacio, currently headed north-northwest away from Hawaii, is anticipated  to turn northeast on Sunday, heading for the Alaskan panhandle and northwestern British Columbia. ](/news/2015/09/4/tropical-storm-ignacio-currently-headed-north-northwest-away-from-hawaii-is-anticipated-to-turn-northeast-on-sunday-heading-for-the-alas.md) _Context: 2015 Pacific hurricane season, Tropical Storm Ignacio_
4. [ Hurricane Ignacio, which has weakened to a Category 3 (115 mph) storm, is expected to side-step Hawaii this week though will still generate high surf, rain and powerful winds. The Big Island and Maui remain on a tropical storm watch. Ignacio may re-strengthen to a hurricane when he clears Oahu on Wednesday. ](/news/2015/08/30/hurricane-ignacio-which-has-weakened-to-a-category-3-115-mph-storm-is-expected-to-side-step-hawaii-this-week-though-will-still-generate.md) _Context: 2015 Pacific hurricane season, Tropical Storm Ignacio_
5. [Primary elections in Hawaii:Incumbent Governor Neil Abercrombie loses to challenger David Ige, becoming the first sitting Governor to be defeated in a primary election. Ige, a Democrat, will face Republican Duke Aiona and independent Mufi Hannemann in the gubernatorial general election. ](/news/2014/08/9/primary-elections-in-hawaii-pincumbent-governor-neil-abercrombie-loses-to-challenger-david-ige-becoming-the-first-sitting-governor-to-be-de.md) _Context: David Ige, Hawaii Governor_
6. [Hurricane Patricia, which hit the Mexican coast as a Category 5 storm, appeared to leave remarkably little damage as it moved rapidly inland over mountainous western Mexico and is now a tropical depression (35 mph/55 kph). The storm is currently centered northeast of Zacatecas, Mexico, moving  northeast at 24 mph/39 kph.   While there are no  reports of casualties or substantial widespread damage, authorities warn  deadly floods and mudslides remain possible. ](/news/2015/10/24/hurricane-patricia-which-hit-the-mexican-coast-as-a-category-5-storm-appeared-to-leave-remarkably-little-damage-as-it-moved-rapidly-inland.md) _Context: 2015 Pacific hurricane season_
7. [ Hurricane Patricia makes landfall at Playa Perula in Mexico's western Jalisco state . The storm strengthens into a powerful Category 5 hurricane with winds of 200 mph and gusts up to 245 mph. The NHC has called the storm "potentially catastrophic" for Mexico. Patricia is expected to produce total rainfall accumulations of 6 to 12 inches, with isolated maximum amounts of 20 inches, through Saturday. These rains could produce life-threatening flash floods and mud slides. ](/news/2015/10/23/hurricane-patricia-makes-landfall-at-playa-perula-in-mexico-s-western-jalisco-state-the-storm-strengthens-into-a-powerful-category-5-hurr.md) _Context: 2015 Pacific hurricane season_
8. [Hurricane Patricia strengthens to Category 4 ahead of making landfall in Mexico. ](/news/2015/10/22/hurricane-patricia-strengthens-to-category-4-ahead-of-making-landfall-in-mexico.md) _Context: 2015 Pacific hurricane season_
9. [Tropical Storm Niala forms off the coast of the Hawaiian islands with the likelihood of heavy rain on the island of Hawaii (''Big Island'') over the weekend. ](/news/2015/09/26/tropical-storm-niala-forms-off-the-coast-of-the-hawaiian-islands-with-the-likelihood-of-heavy-rain-on-the-island-of-hawaii-big-island.md) _Context: 2015 Pacific hurricane season_
10. [Hurricane Carlos hits southwestern Mexico with heavy rain ahead of making landfall as a tropical storm later in the week. ](/news/2015/06/15/hurricane-carlos-hits-southwestern-mexico-with-heavy-rain-ahead-of-making-landfall-as-a-tropical-storm-later-in-the-week.md) _Context: 2015 Pacific hurricane season_
