### [2015-08-28](/news/2015/08/28/index.md)

# Interim Prime Minister of Greece Vassiliki Thanou-Christophilou, the country's first female prime minister, was sworn in Thursday. The PM named her caretaker government cabinet that will oversee implementation of austerity measures required by the latest debt bailout with Eurogroup. Elections, required after Alexis Tsipras resigned last week, are scheduled for September 20, 2015, the third time Greeks will be going to the polls this year. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/aponline/2015/08/28/world/europe/ap-eu-greece-election.html)
2. [CTV News](http://www.ctvnews.ca/world/early-greek-polls-show-tsipras-popularity-tanked-1.2537374)
3. [The Irish Examiner](http://www.irishexaminer.com/world/greek-caretaker-government-sworn-in-ahead-of-elections-350874.html)
3. [Cover Image](https://www.ctvnews.ca/polopoly_fs/1.2523756.1440796759!/httpImage/image.jpg_gen/derivatives/landscape_620/image.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The Hellenic Parliament approves (with 222 yes votes) Prime Minister of Greece Alexis Tsipras's bailout package, despite opposition by almost one-third of his Syriza party. This third bailout plan is almost identical to the one rejected by the Greek people in the referendum. Tsipras will seek a vote of confidence following the country's August 20th payment to the European Central Bank. ](/news/2015/08/14/the-hellenic-parliament-approves-with-222-yes-votes-prime-minister-of-greece-alexis-tsipras-s-bailout-package-despite-opposition-by-almos.md) _Context: Alexis Tsipras, Greek Prime Minister, Greek government-debt crisis_
2. [Greek prime minister Alexis Tsipras lashes out at European "ineptness" in handling the continent's massive immigration crisis. The Associated Press reports 31 more people -- mostly children -- drowned in shipwrecks in the Mediterranean Sea near the islands of Kalymnos and Rhodes. Turkey's state-run agency says four children drowned and two others are missing after two new accidents with boats headed to Greece's Lesbos and Samos islands. The death toll in the Aegean Sea over the past three days is at least 50. The Greek coast guard says they rescued 600 people in the past 24 hours, while thousands more made it safely from Turkey to Greece's southeastern islands. ](/news/2015/10/30/greek-prime-minister-alexis-tsipras-lashes-out-at-european-ineptness-in-handling-the-continent-s-massive-immigration-crisis-the-associate.md) _Context: Alexis Tsipras, Greek Prime Minister_
3. [Vassiliki Thanou-Christophilou, the head of the Court of Cassation, is appointed as interim Prime Minister of Greece for the duration of the upcoming election. She is the first woman to hold the post. ](/news/2015/08/27/vassiliki-thanou-christophilou-the-head-of-the-court-of-cassation-is-appointed-as-interim-prime-minister-of-greece-for-the-duration-of-the.md) _Context: Greek Prime Minister, Vassiliki Thanou-Christophilou_
4. [The Prime Minister of Greece, Alexis Tsipras, announces his resignation and calls a new election for September 20. ](/news/2015/08/20/the-prime-minister-of-greece-alexis-tsipras-announces-his-resignation-and-calls-a-new-election-for-september-20.md) _Context: Alexis Tsipras, Greek Prime Minister_
5. [The Prime Minister of Greece Alexis Tsipras says that Greece will hold a referendum on a bailout deal with creditors on July 5. ](/news/2015/06/26/the-prime-minister-of-greece-alexis-tsipras-says-that-greece-will-hold-a-referendum-on-a-bailout-deal-with-creditors-on-july-5.md) _Context: Alexis Tsipras, Greek Prime Minister_
6. [The new Greek government, represented by finance minister Yanis Varoufakis, meets with Jeroen Dijsselbloem, the head of the Eurogroup, and declares that Greece now rejects any further cooperation with its main international lenders known as the troika (the Eurogroup, the IMF, and the ECB); instead, it wants to negotiate directly with other European countries. ](/news/2015/01/30/the-new-greek-government-represented-by-finance-minister-yanis-varoufakis-meets-with-jeroen-dijsselbloem-the-head-of-the-eurogroup-and-d.md) _Context: Eurogroup, Greek government-debt crisis_
7. [The new Greek prime minister, Lucas Papademos, wins a vote of confidence in Parliament, opening the way for his government of national unity to take the steps to restore financial stability in Greece. ](/news/2011/11/16/the-new-greek-prime-minister-lucas-papademos-wins-a-vote-of-confidence-in-parliament-opening-the-way-for-his-government-of-national-unity.md) _Context: Greek Prime Minister, Greek government-debt crisis_
8. [Lucas Papademos is appointed interim prime minister of Greece's new unity government, and pledges to implement a European bailout package to help resolve the Greek government debt crisis. ](/news/2011/11/10/lucas-papademos-is-appointed-interim-prime-minister-of-greece-s-new-unity-government-and-pledges-to-implement-a-european-bailout-package-to.md) _Context: Greek Prime Minister, Greek government-debt crisis_
9. [Police tear gas people in Thessaloniki as tens of thousands of people protest against Prime Minister George Papandreou's austerity plans. ](/news/2010/09/11/police-tear-gas-people-in-thessaloniki-as-tens-of-thousands-of-people-protest-against-prime-minister-george-papandreou-s-austerity-plans.md) _Context: Greek Prime Minister, austerity measures_
10. [Former Greek Prime Minister Lucas Papademos is injured when a booby-trapped package explodes inside his vehicle in Athens. Authorities report his injuries are not life threatening. ](/news/2017/05/25/former-greek-prime-minister-lucas-papademos-is-injured-when-a-booby-trapped-package-explodes-inside-his-vehicle-in-athens-authorities-repor.md) _Context: Greek Prime Minister_
