### [2015-08-28](/news/2015/08/28/index.md)

# The body count from a van found on an Austrian highway carrying migrants yesterday rises to at least 71. Three people are arrested in Hungary in relation to their deaths. 

The body of a &quot;one to two-year-old girl&quot; has been discovered in the back of an abandoned lorry in Austria. 


### Source:

1. [AP via ''The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/aponline/2015/08/28/world/europe/ap-eu-migrants-the-latest.html)
2. [ITV](http://www.itv.com/news/update/2015-08-28/toddlers-body-found-in-back-of-abandoned-lorry/)

### Related:

1. [Following Austria's and Germany's decision to waive their asylum system rules, approximately 6,500 migrants - mostly  from Syria, Iraq, and Afghanistan - arrive in Vienna. They traveled from Hungary by bus, train or on foot. The migrants were given the opportunity to register in Austria or move on to Germany. ](/news/2015/09/5/following-austria-s-and-germany-s-decision-to-waive-their-asylum-system-rules-approximately-6-500-migrants-a-mostly-from-syria-iraq-an.md) _Context: Austria, European migrant crisis, Hungary_
2. [Hungary makes a fifth arrest in relation to the death of seventy-one migrants in a truck in Austria. ](/news/2015/08/30/hungary-makes-a-fifth-arrest-in-relation-to-the-death-of-seventy-one-migrants-in-a-truck-in-austria.md) _Context: Austria, European migrant crisis, Hungary_
3. [The National Assembly of Hungary approves the automatic detention of all asylum seekers who enter the country. ](/news/2017/03/7/the-national-assembly-of-hungary-approves-the-automatic-detention-of-all-asylum-seekers-who-enter-the-country.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Hungary_
4. [The National Assembly rejects Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban's bill to block the settlement of refugees in Hungary. The far-right Jobbik party abstained from the vote, arguing the immigration ban should apply to all foreigners, and not just refugees. ](/news/2016/11/8/the-national-assembly-rejects-hungarian-prime-minister-viktor-orba-n-s-bill-to-block-the-settlement-of-refugees-in-hungary-the-far-right-jo.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Hungary_
5. [The government of Hungary announces it will hold a referendum regarding future European Union quotas for resettling refugees. The vote is expected to be held either in September or October of this year where a turnout of over 50 percent will render it to be valid. ](/news/2016/05/3/the-government-of-hungary-announces-it-will-hold-a-referendum-regarding-future-european-union-quotas-for-resettling-refugees-the-vote-is-ex.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Hungary_
6. [The government of Austria passes a new law that restricts the right of asylum in the country and allows claimants to be rejected directly at the border, a move criticized by rights groups. Officials say they are also considering building a fence at the main border crossing with Italy at the Brenner Pass. ](/news/2016/04/27/the-government-of-austria-passes-a-new-law-that-restricts-the-right-of-asylum-in-the-country-and-allows-claimants-to-be-rejected-directly-at.md) _Context: Austria, European migrant crisis_
7. [Austria plans to deploy soldiers on its border with Italy to stem an expected increase in migrants trying to get to northern Europe, according to Austrian Defence Minister Hans Peter Doskozil. "As the EU's external borders are not yet effectively protected, Austria will soon ramp up strict border controls. That means massive border controls on the Brenner Pass, and with soldiers," Doskozil told German daily newspaper ''Die Welt''. ](/news/2016/04/2/austria-plans-to-deploy-soldiers-on-its-border-with-italy-to-stem-an-expected-increase-in-migrants-trying-to-get-to-northern-europe-accordi.md) _Context: Austria, European migrant crisis_
8. [Greece recalls its ambassador to Austria in response to Austria's hosting of a meeting with Balkan states, to which Greece was not invited, about European migrant crisis policies that would make it harder for migrants to head north across Europe. Greece's foreign ministry called the move an "unfriendly act." More than 100,000 migrants have entered the EU illegally so far in 2016, nearly all of them arriving in Greece. ](/news/2016/02/25/greece-recalls-its-ambassador-to-austria-in-response-to-austria-s-hosting-of-a-meeting-with-balkan-states-to-which-greece-was-not-invited.md) _Context: Austria, European migrant crisis_
9. [Hungary is to hold a referendum on whether to accept mandatory EU quotas for relocating migrants. ](/news/2016/02/24/hungary-is-to-hold-a-referendum-on-whether-to-accept-mandatory-eu-quotas-for-relocating-migrants.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Hungary_
10. [German Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere strongly criticizes Austria's decision to put a daily cap on the number of refugees the country can accept. Austria has set a limit of dealing with 80 asylum applications a day, while letting thousands of others transit to Germany. Maiziere said this sends "the wrong signal" and is "unacceptable". ](/news/2016/02/22/german-interior-minister-thomas-de-maizia-re-strongly-criticizes-austria-s-decision-to-put-a-daily-cap-on-the-number-of-refugees-the-country.md) _Context: Austria, European migrant crisis_
