### [2015-08-28](/news/2015/08/28/index.md)

# Turkish police detain two British journalists from ''Vice News'' covering unrest in southeastern Turkey. 

Turkish police detain two British journalists from Vice News covering the unrest in the restive Kurdish dominated southeast.


### Source:

1. [ABC Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-08-29/turkish-police-detain-two-british-vice-news-journalists/6734288)

### Related:

1. [The United States Secretary of State John Kerry warns Turkey it could lose its NATO membership if it fails to uphold the principles of democracy. Around 8,000 police officers have been sacked in the country following the attempted coup, with more than 6,000 people in the army, the judiciary and other state bodies detained as part of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's crackdown. ](/news/2016/07/18/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-warns-turkey-it-could-lose-its-nato-membership-if-it-fails-to-uphold-the-principles-of-democ.md) _Context: Turkish, Turkish police_
2. [  Authorities in Turkey arrest three academics on charges of "terrorist propaganda" after they called for an end to security operations in the country's Kurdish-majority southeast. ](/news/2016/03/16/authorities-in-turkey-arrest-three-academics-on-charges-of-terrorist-propaganda-after-they-called-for-an-end-to-security-operations-in-t.md) _Context: Turkish, Turkish police_
3. [Turkish police headquarters in Midyat and Cinar, Diyarbakir, are hit by car bombs, killing six people and injuring 39. No group has claimed responsibility but the government accuses PKK rebels of carrying out the attack. ](/news/2016/01/14/turkish-police-headquarters-in-midyat-and-aa-nar-diyarbaka-r-are-hit-by-car-bombs-killing-six-people-and-injuring-39-no-group-has-claim.md) _Context: Turkey-PKK conflict, Turkish police_
4. [Turkish security forces backed up by tanks and combat helicopters launch a large-scale operation against PKK militants in the mainly Kurdish town of Silvan, which has been under a punishing curfew for nine days. At least five people are killed in the fighting, including a Turkish soldier. ](/news/2015/11/11/turkish-security-forces-backed-up-by-tanks-and-combat-helicopters-launch-a-large-scale-operation-against-pkk-militants-in-the-mainly-kurdish.md) _Context: Turkey-PKK conflict, Turkish_
5. [Turkey's air force launches a new wave of air-raids bombing PKK positions in northern Iraq and southeastern Turkey. Turkish warplanes destroy PKK fuel and ammunition depots in the Hakkari province on the border with Iraq, as well as, in the eastern Kars province, according to a military statement. ](/news/2015/10/4/turkey-s-air-force-launches-a-new-wave-of-air-raids-bombing-pkk-positions-in-northern-iraq-and-southeastern-turkey-turkish-warplanes-destro.md) _Context: Turkey-PKK conflict, Turkish_
6. [Turkish police storm and shut down both Kanalturk TV and Bugun, TV stations that have been critical of the ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP) ahead of a general election on November 1. Baris Yarkadas, a lawmaker with the main-opposition Republican People's Party (CHP), said "We are witnessing the police entering news organizations, delivering declarations and taking over journalists' seats--just like junta periods, this is called a police state". ](/news/2015/10/28/turkish-police-storm-and-shut-down-both-kanalta1-4rk-tv-and-buga1-4n-tv-stations-that-have-been-critical-of-the-ruling-justice-and-development.md) _Context: Turkish, Turkish police_
7. [The Turkish Air Force launches a wave of airstrikes against PKK targets in northern Iraq and southeastern Turkey. Turkish security officials have also rejected a PKK ceasefire declared on Saturday shortly after the bombings in Ankara, saying "The PKK ceasefire means nothing for us. The operations will continue without a break". ](/news/2015/10/11/the-turkish-air-force-launches-a-wave-of-airstrikes-against-pkk-targets-in-northern-iraq-and-southeastern-turkey-turkish-security-officials.md) _Context: Turkey-PKK conflict, Turkish_
8. [Twin bomb blasts in the Turkish capital Ankara near the main train station leave at least 97 people dead and over 400 wounded. The bombing occurred during a peace rally protesting the conflict between Turkey and the militant Kurdish PKK.  ](/news/2015/10/10/twin-bomb-blasts-in-the-turkish-capital-ankara-near-the-main-train-station-leave-at-least-97-people-dead-and-over-400-wounded-the-bombing-o.md) _Context: Turkey-PKK conflict, Turkish_
9. [Four Turkish soldiers are killed in PKK attacks across southeastern Turkey. Turkish authorities impose a curfew in the city of Mardin due to escalating violence. ](/news/2015/10/1/four-turkish-soldiers-are-killed-in-pkk-attacks-across-southeastern-turkey-turkish-authorities-impose-a-curfew-in-the-city-of-mardin-due-to.md) _Context: Turkey-PKK conflict, Turkish_
10. [Turkey bombs PKK sites in northern Iraq after a bombing yesterday in Hakkari Province that killed at least 16 soldiers. ](/news/2015/09/8/turkey-bombs-pkk-sites-in-northern-iraq-after-a-bombing-yesterday-in-hakkac-ri-province-that-killed-at-least-16-soldiers.md) _Context: Turkey-PKK conflict, Turkish_
