### [2014-05-21](/news/2014/05/21/index.md)

# Sino-Russian relations:: Xi Jinping and Vladimir Putin sign a massive 30-year natural gas export contract worth $400 billion. 

China and Russia signed off on a huge gas deal worth as much as $400 billion Wednesday that heralds a pivot east for Russian business amid ongoing tensions with the West over Ukraine, though few details of the deal were made public.


### Source:

1. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2014/05/21/china-russia-gas-deal/9365155/)

### Related:

1. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: Vladimir Putin, the President of Russia, and Petro Poroshenko, the President of Ukraine, will meet at the sidelines of the Asia-Europe Meeting in Milan, Italy to discuss the conflict and supplies of natural gas. ](/news/2014/10/17/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-vladimir-putin-the-president-of-russia-and-petro-poroshenko-the-president-of-ukraine-will-meet-at-th.md) _Context: Vladimir Putin, natural gas_
2. [ Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin questions the commitment of the European Union to the construction of the Nord Stream pipeline to establish a natural gas delivery network from his country to Europe. A European Commission spokesman responds, "The EU continues to strongly support the Nord Stream pipeline". ](/news/2008/11/13/russian-prime-minister-vladimir-putin-questions-the-commitment-of-the-european-union-to-the-construction-of-the-nord-stream-pipeline-to-est.md) _Context: Vladimir Putin, natural gas_
3. [ Russia-Ukraine gas dispute: Russian natural gas supplier Gazprom cuts gas supplies to Ukraine, following Ukraine's rejection of a 460% price increase. President Vladimir Putin had offered a three-month price freeze if Ukraine would agree to pay the higher price thereafter, but this was rejected. Ukraine pays US$50 per 1000 cubic metres, Russia claims the market rate is $230. ](/news/2006/01/1/russia-ukraine-gas-dispute-russian-natural-gas-supplier-gazprom-cuts-gas-supplies-to-ukraine-following-ukraine-s-rejection-of-a-460-pric.md) _Context: Vladimir Putin, natural gas_
4. [Russia-United States relations: U.S. President Donald Trump says he and Russian President Vladimir Putin "discussed forming an impenetrable cyber security unit so that election hacking, and many other negative things, will be guarded and safe." Trump later says he does not think this will happen. ](/news/2017/07/9/russia-united-states-relations-u-s-president-donald-trump-says-he-and-russian-president-vladimir-putin-discussed-forming-an-impenetrabl.md) _Context: Vladimir Putin_
5. [2017 G20 Hamburg summit: Leaders from the Group of Twenty come together at the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, including United States President Donald Trump who is set to meet with President of Russia Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2017/07/7/2017-g20-hamburg-summit-leaders-from-the-group-of-twenty-come-together-at-the-g20-summit-in-hamburg-germany-including-united-states-presi.md) _Context: Vladimir Putin_
6. [Russia and the United Nations: Russian President Vladimir Putin appoints Vasily Nebenzya to be the new Permanent Representative of Russia to the United Nations following the sudden death of Vitaly Churkin in February. ](/news/2017/07/27/russia-and-the-united-nations-russian-president-vladimir-putin-appoints-vasily-nebenzya-to-be-the-new-permanent-representative-of-russia-to.md) _Context: Vladimir Putin_
7. [Politics of Hong Kong: Carrie Lam is sworn in as the first female Chief Executive of Hong Kong by President Xi Jinping amid protests against the 20th anniversary of the transfer of sovereignty to China. ](/news/2017/07/1/politics-of-hong-kong-carrie-lam-is-sworn-in-as-the-first-female-chief-executive-of-hong-kong-by-president-xi-jinping-amid-protests-against.md) _Context: Xi Jinping_
8. [Politics of Hong Kong: Protests mark the 20th anniversary of the transfer of sovereignty over Hong Kong to China from the United Kingdom alongside the arrival of Chinese President Xi Jinping. ](/news/2017/06/29/politics-of-hong-kong-protests-mark-the-20th-anniversary-of-the-transfer-of-sovereignty-over-hong-kong-to-china-from-the-united-kingdom-alo.md) _Context: Xi Jinping_
9. [Philippines-Russia relations: Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, who later had to cut short his visit to Moscow because of terrorist attacks on the Philippine southern island of Mindanao, tells Russia President Vladimir Putin that the Philippines is looking to Russia for modern arms to fight ISIL. ](/news/2017/05/22/philippines-russia-relations-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-who-later-had-to-cut-short-his-visit-to-moscow-because-of-terrorist-at.md) _Context: Vladimir Putin_
10. [China-Finland relations: Chinese president Xi Jinping visits Finland on his way to the United States. ](/news/2017/04/5/china-finland-relations-chinese-president-xi-jinping-visits-finland-on-his-way-to-the-united-states.md) _Context: Xi Jinping_
