### [2014-05-21](/news/2014/05/21/index.md)

# The Taliban launch attacks in Badakhshan and Laghman provinces in Afghanistan, killing 10 policemen and 3 civilians. 

Get the latest international news and world events from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [AP via ABC](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/taliban-attack-afghanistan-kills-policemen-23805850)

### Related:

1. [An earthquake  measuring 7.5 on the Moment magnitude scale (MMS) strikes in the Hindu Kush mountain range in northeastern Afghanistan,  158 miles from Kabul, in the remote province of Badakhshan, one of Afghanistan's most inaccessible regions. Tremors reached as far as New Delhi, India. At least 263 are dead in Afghanistan and nearby northern Pakistan with more than 1,000 injured. The death toll will likely climb since communications in much of the affected areas are cut, and rescue teams had not yet reached districts closest to the epicenter, including some that are controlled by Taliban insurgents. ](/news/2015/10/26/an-earthquake-measuring-7-5-on-the-moment-magnitude-scale-mms-strikes-in-the-hindu-kush-mountain-range-in-northeastern-afghanistan-158.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Badakhshan, Taliban_
2. [Nine civilians are killed by a bomb explosion on a bus in Laghman province in eastern Afghanistan in a suspected Taliban attack. ](/news/2011/11/12/nine-civilians-are-killed-by-a-bomb-explosion-on-a-bus-in-laghman-province-in-eastern-afghanistan-in-a-suspected-taliban-attack.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Laghman Province, Taliban_
3. [ A Taliban blast kills Afghan deputy chief of intelligence Abdullah Laghmani. The blast shakes the city of Mihtarlam, 60 miles (100 kilometers) east of Kabul in Laghman Province; it kills several government officials and wounds several civilians. ](/news/2009/09/2/a-taliban-blast-kills-afghan-deputy-chief-of-intelligence-abdullah-laghmani-the-blast-shakes-the-city-of-mihtarlam-60-miles-100-kilomete.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Laghman Province, Taliban_
4. [A Taliban raid kills at least twenty Afghan police officers in southern Afghanistan. ](/news/2017/05/21/a-taliban-raid-kills-at-least-twenty-afghan-police-officers-in-southern-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Taliban_
5. [The Afghan Minister of Defense, Abdullah Habibi and the Chief of Staff of the Afghan National Army, Qadam Shah Shahim, resign after a Taliban attack on Camp Shaheen near Mazar-i-Sharif that claimed over 140 lives. ](/news/2017/04/24/the-afghan-minister-of-defense-abdullah-habibi-and-the-chief-of-staff-of-the-afghan-national-army-qadam-shah-shahim-resign-after-a-taliba.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Taliban_
6. [War in Afghanistan Taliban insurgents attack an Afghan military base in Mazar-e-Sharif, Balkh Province, killing more than 140 soldiers. It is said to be the deadliest attack of its kind ](/news/2017/04/21/war-in-afghanistan-ptaliban-insurgents-attack-an-afghan-military-base-in-mazar-e-sharif-balkh-province-killing-more-than-140-soldiers-it.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Taliban_
7. [Russian Special Envoy to Afghanistan Zamir Kabulov denies allegations by NATO Commander Gen. Curtis Scaparrotti that Russia was "perhaps" supplying the Taliban. ](/news/2017/03/24/russian-special-envoy-to-afghanistan-zamir-kabulov-denies-allegations-by-nato-commander-gen-curtis-scaparrotti-that-russia-was-perhaps-su.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Taliban_
8. [Taliban insurgents seize control of the strategic town of Sangin in the southern Helmand Province after a year-long battle with Afghan security forces. ](/news/2017/03/23/taliban-insurgents-seize-control-of-the-strategic-town-of-sangin-in-the-southern-helmand-province-after-a-year-long-battle-with-afghan-secur.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Taliban_
9. [The Obama Administration and Bush Administration had failed to publicly disclose up to thousands of lethal airstrikes the U.S. made in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria against ISIL, Al-Qaeda, and the Taliban via U.S. Army helicopters and drones. ](/news/2017/02/5/the-obama-administration-and-bush-administration-had-failed-to-publicly-disclose-up-to-thousands-of-lethal-airstrikes-the-u-s-made-in-afgha.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Taliban_
10. [The Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction releases a report on Afghanistan, saying that the Afghan Armed Forces are not capable of securing the country and have lost more territory to the Taliban, the most since the United States invasion of Afghanistan in 2001. ](/news/2017/01/11/the-special-inspector-general-for-afghanistan-reconstruction-releases-a-report-on-afghanistan-saying-that-the-afghan-armed-forces-are-not-c.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Taliban_
