### [2009-07-9](/news/2009/07/9/index.md)

#  British phone tapping controversy. David Cameron is asked to dismiss one of his most trusted advisers over allegations of illegal phone hacking by the Rupert Murdoch-owned "News of the World" tabloid. 

British police investigating whether a News Corporation subsidiary hacked into cellphone messages concluded that a report in The Guardian newspaper on Wednesday contained no new information.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/8142047.stm)
2. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601102&sid=a1_Ce1OkPe8A)
3. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2009/07/10/world/europe/10britain.html?hp)
4. [The Times](http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/politics/article6670747.ece)

### Related:

1. [David Cameron, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, makes a statement to the House of Commons in relation to the judicial inquiry into the "News of the World" phone hacking affair, hours before the announcement that Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation had withdrawn its bid to take full ownership of BSkyB. ](/news/2011/07/13/david-cameron-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-makes-a-statement-to-the-house-of-commons-in-relation-to-the-judicial-inquiry-into.md) _Context: David Cameron, News of the World, Rupert Murdoch_
2. [ "The Guardian" claims that rival English newspaper, the Rupert Murdoch-owned "News of the World" tabloid, paid GBP1 million in court costs after its journalists were accused of involvement in phone tapping celebrities and politicians. ](/news/2009/07/8/the-guardian-claims-that-rival-english-newspaper-the-rupert-murdoch-owned-news-of-the-world-tabloid-paid-agbp1-million-in-court-costs.md) _Context: News of the World, Rupert Murdoch, tabloid_
3. [British prime minister David Cameron allowed his former spokesman Andy Coulson, the ex-editor of the now-defunct "News of the World" tabloid, access to some of the British government's most sensitive secrets without full security clearance, the Leveson Inquiry is told. ](/news/2012/05/10/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-allowed-his-former-spokesman-andy-coulson-the-ex-editor-of-the-now-defunct-news-of-the-world-tabloid.md) _Context: David Cameron, News of the World_
4. [News International phone hacking scandal: The House of Commons Culture, Media and Sport Committee publishes its report into phone hacking at the "News of the World". The committee concludes that Rupert Murdoch "is not a fit person" to run a major international company and exhibited "wilful blindness" to phone-hacking and other practices going on in his media empire. The report also accuses three News Corporation executives of giving misleading evidence. ](/news/2012/05/1/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-the-house-of-commons-culture-media-and-sport-committee-publishes-its-report-into-phone-hacking-at.md) _Context: News of the World, Rupert Murdoch_
5. [In a second day of evidence, Rupert Murdoch tells the Leveson Inquiry there was a "cover-up" at the "News of the World", but that it was kept hidden from him. ](/news/2012/04/26/in-a-second-day-of-evidence-rupert-murdoch-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-there-was-a-cover-up-at-the-news-of-the-world-but-that-it-was-kep.md) _Context: News of the World, Rupert Murdoch_
6. [News International phone hacking scandal: Singer Charlotte Church and her parents agree damages and costs of GBP600,000 (US$950,000) with Rupert Murdoch's News Group, publishers of the defunct "News of the World". ](/news/2012/02/27/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-singer-charlotte-church-and-her-parents-agree-damages-and-costs-of-gbp600-000-us-950-000-with-ru.md) _Context: News of the World, Rupert Murdoch_
7. [Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation launches the "The Sun on Sunday" to replace the "News of the World", which closed due to a phone hacking controversy. ](/news/2012/02/26/rupert-murdoch-s-news-corporation-launches-the-the-sun-on-sunday-to-replace-the-news-of-the-world-which-closed-due-to-a-phone-hacking-c.md) _Context: News of the World, Rupert Murdoch_
8. [News International phone hacking scandal:. The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron faces questions in parliament over his decision to hire Andy Coulson, a former editor of the "News of the World" at the time of the phone hacking affair. ](/news/2011/07/20/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-faces-questions-in-parliament-over-his-dec.md) _Context: David Cameron, News of the World_
9. [News Corporation affair. News Corporation Chief Executive Rupert Murdoch and his son James Murdoch appear before a select committee of the United Kingdom parliament over the "News of the World" phone hacking affair. Murdoch Senior apologises for the scandal, but says he is not responsible for it. ](/news/2011/07/19/news-corporation-affair-news-corporation-chief-executive-rupert-murdoch-and-his-son-james-murdoch-appear-before-a-select-committee-of-the-u.md) _Context: News of the World, Rupert Murdoch_
10. [British prime minister David Cameron's communications chief Andy Coulson resigns after feeling pressure over coverage of the "News of the World" phone hacking scandal. ](/news/2011/01/21/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-s-communications-chief-andy-coulson-resigns-after-feeling-pressure-over-coverage-of-the-news-of-the-wo.md) _Context: David Cameron, News of the World_
