### [2008-12-30](/news/2008/12/30/index.md)

#  Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich appoints former Democratic Illinois Attorney General Roland Burris to President-elect Barack Obama's vacated United States Senate seat. Democratic Senate leaders and Secretary of State Jesse White say they will not accept the appointment. 




### Source:

1. [ABC7 Chicago](http://abclocal.go.com/wls/story?section=news/politics&id=6578377)
2. [Chicago Sun-Times](http://www.suntimes.com/news/metro/blagojevich/1354679,w-blagojevich-obama-senate-seat-burris-123008.article)

### Related:

1. [ Democratic Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich is arrested by Federal Bureau of Investigation agents at his Chicago home, amidst allegations of corruption and pay-to-play regarding the replacement for United States President-elect Barack Obama in the Senate. ](/news/2008/12/9/democratic-illinois-governor-rod-blagojevich-is-arrested-by-federal-bureau-of-investigation-agents-at-his-chicago-home-amidst-allegations.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Governor of Illinois, Illinois, President-elect, Rod Blagojevich, United States, United States Senate, seat_
2. [ Despite the corruption scandal surrounding Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich, the United States Senate confirms Roland Burris as a member. ](/news/2009/01/15/despite-the-corruption-scandal-surrounding-illinois-governor-rod-blagojevich-the-united-states-senate-confirms-roland-burris-as-a-member.md) _Context: Governor of Illinois, Illinois, Rod Blagojevich, Roland Burris, United States Senate_
3. [ Administration of United States President-elect Barack Obama:: Republican Party Representative Ray LaHood of Illinois is nominated as the next Secretary of Transportation. ](/news/2008/12/19/administration-of-united-states-president-elect-barack-obama-republican-party-representative-ray-lahood-of-illinois-is-nominated-as-the-n.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Illinois, President-elect, United States_
4. [ Australian Prime Minister John Howard criticizes U.S. Senator Barack Obama (D-IL) for his stance on Iraq, saying that al-Qaeda in Iraq should be praying for Obama to win the election. The opposition Australian Labor Party says that Howard's statement imperiled the relationship Australia might have with the United States under a Democratic administration. ](/news/2007/02/12/australian-prime-minister-john-howard-criticizes-u-s-senator-barack-obama-d-il-for-his-stance-on-iraq-saying-that-al-qaeda-in-iraq-shou.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Illinois, United States, United States Senate_
5. [The U.S. House of Representatives, defying a veto-threat by President Barack Obama, overwhelmingly passes legislation to suspend the Obama administration's program to admit 10,000 Syrian and Iraqi refugees into the country. The bill will now face a vote in the U.S. Senate. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-u-s-house-of-representatives-defying-a-veto-threat-by-president-barack-obama-overwhelmingly-passes-legislation-to-suspend-the-obama-a.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States, United States Senate_
6. [United States federal government shutdown of 2013:: U.S. President Barack Obama, the White House Office of Management and Budget, issues a partial shutdown of government agencies after the House and Senate fail to come to an agreement on a spending bill to keep government operations running. ](/news/2013/10/1/united-states-federal-government-shutdown-of-2013-u-s-president-barack-obama-the-white-house-office-of-management-and-budget-issues-a-p.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States, United States Senate_
7. [In the United States, Senator Rand Paul ends a 13-hour filibuster to block voting on the nomination of John O. Brennan as the Director of the CIA, questioning President Barack Obama and his administration's use of drones, and the stated legal justification for hypothetical lethal use within the United States targeting against noncombatants. Attorney General Eric Holder states that combat drones would not be used to target and kill, without due process, Americans not engaged in combat on American soil. ](/news/2013/03/7/in-the-united-states-senator-rand-paul-ends-a-13-hour-filibuster-to-block-voting-on-the-nomination-of-john-o-brennan-as-the-director-of-th.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States, United States Senate_
8. [The former Governor of the US state of Illinois Rod Blagojevich is sentenced to 14 years in jail for corruption. ](/news/2011/12/7/the-former-governor-of-the-us-state-of-illinois-rod-blagojevich-is-sentenced-to-14-years-in-jail-for-corruption.md) _Context: Governor of Illinois, Illinois, Rod Blagojevich_
9. [A jury convicts former Governor of the US state of Illinois Rod Blagojevich on seventeen charges of corruption. ](/news/2011/06/27/a-jury-convicts-former-governor-of-the-us-state-of-illinois-rod-blagojevich-on-seventeen-charges-of-corruption.md) _Context: Governor of Illinois, Illinois, Rod Blagojevich_
10. [A federal jury convicts former Governor of Illinois Rod Blagojevich on one count of lying to the United States Federal Bureau of Investigation. The jury is deadlocked on the other 23 charges. ](/news/2010/08/17/a-federal-jury-convicts-former-governor-of-illinois-rod-blagojevich-on-one-count-of-lying-to-the-united-states-federal-bureau-of-investigati.md) _Context: Governor of Illinois, Rod Blagojevich, United States_
