### [2015-09-7](/news/2015/09/7/index.md)

# During U.S. Labor Day holiday activities in Boston, President Barack Obama announces a new executive order requiring federal government contractors to offer workers seven days of paid sick leave per year. On July 1st, Massachusetts became the third state, Connecticut and California being the others, with similar requirements. 

The president sought to rally workers by announcing new policy ahead of a budget fight with Congress.


### Source:

1. [Huffington Post](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/11/04/massachusetts-sick-leave_n_6096580.html)
2. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-politics/wp/2015/09/07/in-boston-speech-obama-to-unveil-executive-order-for-more-paid-sick-leave/)

### Related:

1. [The President of the United States Barack Obama announces executive orders to defer the deportations of a certain group of illegal immigrants: parents whose children are already U.S. citizens and legal permanent residents who have lived in the United States for five years or more. ](/news/2014/11/20/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-announces-executive-orders-to-defer-the-deportations-of-a-certain-group-of-illegal-immigrant.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States, executive order_
2. [Boston Marathon bombings:U.S. President Barack Obama visits the city of Boston in the wake of the recent marathon bombings. ](/news/2013/04/18/boston-marathon-bombings-pu-s-president-barack-obama-visits-the-city-of-boston-in-the-wake-of-the-recent-marathon-bombings.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Boston, President of the United States_
3. [The President of the United States Barack Obama kicks off his re-election campaign with an appearance at the AFL-CIO Labor Day parade in the city of Detroit, Michigan. ](/news/2011/09/5/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-kicks-off-his-re-election-campaign-with-an-appearance-at-the-afl-cio-labor-day-parade-in-the.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States, U.S. Labor Day holiday_
4. [The President of the United States Barack Obama commutes the bulk of the sentence for Chelsea Manning for leaking documents to WikiLeaks. Manning will now be released in 2017 instead of 2045. ](/news/2017/01/17/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-commutes-the-bulk-of-the-sentence-for-chelsea-manning-for-leaking-documents-to-wikileaks-ma.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States_
5. [President of the United States Barack Obama signs an order to ease sanctions against Sudan, citing the country's efforts to "reduce internal conflict, improve humanitarian access to people requiring aid and curtail terrorism". ](/news/2017/01/13/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-signs-an-order-to-ease-sanctions-against-sudan-citing-the-country-s-efforts-to-reduce-internal.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States_
6. [The President of the United States Barack Obama awards his Vice President Joe Biden the Presidential Medal of Freedom with Distinction, the only time the president  has awarded this particular honor during his tenure. ](/news/2017/01/12/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-awards-his-vice-president-joe-biden-the-presidential-medal-of-freedom-with-distinction-the.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States_
7. [United States President Barack Obama blocks China's Fujian Grand Chip Investment Fund's acquisition of the U.S. semiconductor business of German-based Aixtron because of national security concerns. The German Economy Ministry withdrew its approval in October. ](/news/2016/12/2/united-states-president-barack-obama-blocks-china-s-fujian-grand-chip-investment-fund-s-acquisition-of-the-u-s-semiconductor-business-of-ge.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States_
8. [President-elect of the United States Donald Trump meets with President Barack Obama for the first time at the White House. ](/news/2016/11/10/president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-meets-with-president-barack-obama-for-the-first-time-at-the-white-house.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States_
9. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte tells U.S. President Barack Obama to "go to hell" after the United States refuses to sell some weapons to his country, while also acknowledging the cooperation of Russia and China. ](/news/2016/10/4/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-tells-u-s-president-barack-obama-to-go-to-hell-after-the-united-states-refuses-to-sell-some-weapons.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States_
10. [President Barack Obama issues an executive order on Cuba lifting monetary limits on the amount of Cuban products, including cigars and rum, which Americans can bring back for personal use, allowing Cubans and Americans to engage in joint medical research, and allowing Cubans to buy certain U.S. consumer goods online. ](/news/2016/10/14/president-barack-obama-issues-an-executive-order-on-cuba-lifting-monetary-limits-on-the-amount-of-cuban-products-including-cigars-and-rum.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States_
