### [2015-09-7](/news/2015/09/7/index.md)

# Five people are killed as a small plane crashes in western Colorado. 

A federal aviation investigator is expected to examine the scene of a plane crash that killed five people in the southwestern Colorado mountains.


### Source:

1. [USA Today](http://www.coloradoan.com/story/news/local/colorado/2015/09/07/plane-wreck-colorado-mountains/71840768/?hootPostID=641b61fcfc0935b2118fdeb5ddc9466d)

### Related:

1. [Five people are killed in the American state of Colorado after an Amtrak train collides with a minivan carrying six people near the town of Trinidad, Colorado. ](/news/2016/06/26/five-people-are-killed-in-the-american-state-of-colorado-after-an-amtrak-train-collides-with-a-minivan-carrying-six-people-near-the-town-of.md) _Context: Colorado_
2. [The Colorado Republican Party continues choosing its delegates to the 2016 Republican National Convention in Cleveland.  Ted Cruz has swept all of the delegates available so far.  The process which began last Saturday (April 2, 2016) will conclude tomorrow. ](/news/2016/04/8/the-colorado-republican-party-continues-choosing-its-delegates-to-the-2016-republican-national-convention-in-cleveland-ted-cruz-has-swept.md) _Context: Colorado_
3. [The states of Oklahoma and Nebraska, having recently suffered a loss in their frontal attack on Colorado's state-legal cannabis policy, launch another litigation strategy to the same end. ](/news/2016/04/29/the-states-of-oklahoma-and-nebraska-having-recently-suffered-a-loss-in-their-frontal-attack-on-colorado-s-state-legal-cannabis-policy-laun.md) _Context: Colorado_
4. [A powerful blizzard sweeping Denver, Colorado, forces authorities to close Denver International Airport, Interstate 70, Interstate 25 and leaves more than 100,000 people without power. The Colorado Army National Guard has been deployed to help rescue those stranded by the storm. ](/news/2016/03/23/a-powerful-blizzard-sweeping-denver-colorado-forces-authorities-to-close-denver-international-airport-interstate-70-interstate-25-and-le.md) _Context: Colorado_
5. [Voters in the U.S. states of Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Colorado, Georgia, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas, Vermont, Virginia, and the overseas territory of American Samoa go to the polls to vote on Super Tuesday. ](/news/2016/03/1/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-alabama-alaska-arkansas-colorado-georgia-massachusetts-minnesota-oklahoma-tennessee-texas-vermont-vi.md) _Context: Colorado_
6. [A snow storm in the United States is affecting multiple regions in Colorado, California and elsewhere, with more than 70,000 people in southern California losing power. ](/news/2016/02/1/a-snow-storm-in-the-united-states-is-affecting-multiple-regions-in-colorado-california-and-elsewhere-with-more-than-70-000-people-in-south.md) _Context: Colorado_
7. [U.S. federal health officials are investigating an outbreak of deadly E. coli bacteria that has sickened 19 people in California, Colorado, Missouri, Montana, Utah, Virginia, and Washington. Preliminary evidence suggests that rotisserie chicken salad made and sold in Costco Wholesale stores is the likely source. This follows a totally unrelated outbreak earlier this month connected to Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants. Those restaurants have been cleaned, new ingredients ordered, and have been reopened. The Costco E. coli 157 strain, which has caused five people to be hospitalized- two of which developed hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS; which can readily lead to acute renal failure and sepsis), is more dangerous than the Chipotle E. coli 026 strain, though there have been no deaths yet. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-federal-health-officials-are-investigating-an-outbreak-of-deadly-e-coli-bacteria-that-has-sickened-19-people-in-california-colorado.md) _Context: Colorado_
8. [In the United States, the National Weather Service issues a blizzard warning for northeastern Colorado and western Kansas with an expected snowfall by midday of 12 inches in Denver, Colorado. Denver International Airport cancels 143 arriving and departing flighits. Several tornadoes occur overnight in northern Texas, western Kansas, and southern Nebraska. ](/news/2015/11/17/in-the-united-states-the-national-weather-service-issues-a-blizzard-warning-for-northeastern-colorado-and-western-kansas-with-an-expected-s.md) _Context: Colorado_
9. [The Gold King Mine waste water spill releases 3 million gallons of heavy metal toxin tailings and waste water into the Animas River in Colorado. ](/news/2015/08/5/the-gold-king-mine-waste-water-spill-releases-3-million-gallons-of-heavy-metal-toxin-tailings-and-waste-water-into-the-animas-river-in-color.md) _Context: Colorado_
10. [On University Hill in Boulder, Colorado, police arrest James Hammack on suspicion of attempted murder. In an apparent attack on a group of four college-age men, witnesses say he yelled ""You trying to die tonight?," before rushing into the group and stabbed one man.](/news/2015/08/2/on-university-hill-in-boulder-colorado-police-arrest-james-hammack-on-suspicion-of-attempted-murder-in-an-apparent-attack-on-a-group-of-f.md) _Context: Colorado_
