### [2015-09-7](/news/2015/09/7/index.md)

# Turkish jets strike PKK militant positions across south-east Turkey and northern Iraq and deploy special forces to the Iraqi border following a deadly PKK attack which left at least 16 Turkish soldiers dead. 

Turkish warplanes bombed Kurdish insurgent targets overnight after the militants staged what appeared to be their deadliest attack since the collapse of a two-year-old ceasefire in July and killed 16 government soldiers.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/09/07/us-mideast-crisis-turkey-kurds-idUSKCN0R70BG20150907)

### Related:

1. [Turkish security forces backed up by tanks and combat helicopters launch a large-scale operation against PKK militants in the mainly Kurdish town of Silvan, which has been under a punishing curfew for nine days. At least five people are killed in the fighting, including a Turkish soldier. ](/news/2015/11/11/turkish-security-forces-backed-up-by-tanks-and-combat-helicopters-launch-a-large-scale-operation-against-pkk-militants-in-the-mainly-kurdish.md) _Context: PKK, Turkey–PKK conflict, Turkish_
2. [Turkey's air force launches a new wave of air-raids bombing PKK positions in northern Iraq and southeastern Turkey. Turkish warplanes destroy PKK fuel and ammunition depots in the Hakkari province on the border with Iraq, as well as, in the eastern Kars province, according to a military statement. ](/news/2015/10/4/turkey-s-air-force-launches-a-new-wave-of-air-raids-bombing-pkk-positions-in-northern-iraq-and-southeastern-turkey-turkish-warplanes-destro.md) _Context: PKK, Turkey–PKK conflict, Turkish_
3. [The Turkish Air Force launches a wave of airstrikes against PKK targets in northern Iraq and southeastern Turkey. Turkish security officials have also rejected a PKK ceasefire declared on Saturday shortly after the bombings in Ankara, saying "The PKK ceasefire means nothing for us. The operations will continue without a break". ](/news/2015/10/11/the-turkish-air-force-launches-a-wave-of-airstrikes-against-pkk-targets-in-northern-iraq-and-southeastern-turkey-turkish-security-officials.md) _Context: PKK, Turkey–PKK conflict, Turkish_
4. [Twin bomb blasts in the Turkish capital Ankara near the main train station leave at least 97 people dead and over 400 wounded. The bombing occurred during a peace rally protesting the conflict between Turkey and the militant Kurdish PKK.  ](/news/2015/10/10/twin-bomb-blasts-in-the-turkish-capital-ankara-near-the-main-train-station-leave-at-least-97-people-dead-and-over-400-wounded-the-bombing-o.md) _Context: PKK, Turkey–PKK conflict, Turkish_
5. [Four Turkish soldiers are killed in PKK attacks across southeastern Turkey. Turkish authorities impose a curfew in the city of Mardin due to escalating violence. ](/news/2015/10/1/four-turkish-soldiers-are-killed-in-pkk-attacks-across-southeastern-turkey-turkish-authorities-impose-a-curfew-in-the-city-of-mardin-due-to.md) _Context: PKK, Turkey–PKK conflict, Turkish_
6. [Fighting in the south-eastern Sirnak Province kills thirty-four PKK militants, four civilians, and two Turkish soldiers. Also, the Turkish military conducts airstrikes on PKK camps in Iraq's northern Dohuk Governorate. ](/news/2015/09/26/fighting-in-the-south-eastern-aa-rnak-province-kills-thirty-four-pkk-militants-four-civilians-and-two-turkish-soldiers-also-the-turkish.md) _Context: PKK, Turkey–PKK conflict, Turkish_
7. [Two Turkish police officers and two PKK militants are killed following a PKK raid on a police station in the south-eastern town of Pozanti. Also, in the eastern province of Kars, PKK militants bombed a railway line and then fired at repair workers, leaving one dead. ](/news/2015/07/31/two-turkish-police-officers-and-two-pkk-militants-are-killed-following-a-pkk-raid-on-a-police-station-in-the-south-eastern-town-of-pozanta.md) _Context: PKK, Turkey–PKK conflict, Turkish_
8. [An ambush on a Turkish military convoy in the south-eastern Sirnak Province by PKK militants kills 3 Turkish soldiers. ](/news/2015/07/30/an-ambush-on-a-turkish-military-convoy-in-the-south-eastern-aa-rnak-province-by-pkk-militants-kills-3-turkish-soldiers.md) _Context: PKK, Turkey–PKK conflict, Turkish_
9. [At least 17 PKK militants are reportedly killed following a Turkish military operation in the Kurdish-majority city of Silvan. ](/news/2015/10/2/at-least-17-pkk-militants-are-reportedly-killed-following-a-turkish-military-operation-in-the-kurdish-majority-city-of-silvan.md) _Context: PKK, Turkey–PKK conflict_
10. [Three Turkish troops, including a lieutenant colonel, are killed following clashes with PKK insurgents around Daglica vlliage, in the southeastern Hakkari Province. At least 17 PKK insurgents were also reportedly killed in the fighting. ](/news/2015/10/17/three-turkish-troops-including-a-lieutenant-colonel-are-killed-following-clashes-with-pkk-insurgents-around-daala-ca-vlliage-in-the-sout.md) _Context: PKK, Turkish_
