### [2016-06-3](/news/2016/06/3/index.md)

# 2016 European floods. The flood waters for the Seine River are expected to peak at six metres above its normal level. Flooding in France and Germany has so far claimed at least 11 lives. 

The city of Paris is on high alert, with floodwaters on the River Seine due to peak in the coming hours and heavy rain continuing to sweep across Europe.


### Source:

1. [AP](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/E/EU_EUROPE_FLOODS_THE_LATEST?SITE=AP&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-36441322)

### Related:

1. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union. Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-b.md) _Context: France, Germany_
2. [France-Germany relations. Germany wants France to shut down the Fessenheim Nuclear Power Plant near its border as soon as possible following media reports the April 9, 2014, incident was more serious than reported. ](/news/2016/03/4/france-germany-relations-germany-wants-france-to-shut-down-the-fessenheim-nuclear-power-plant-near-its-border-as-soon-as-possible-followi.md) _Context: France, Germany_
3. [Erasmus bus crash. Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/erasmus-bus-crash-thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-fall.md) _Context: France, Germany_
4. [Military intervention against ISIL. In an act of solidarity with France following the Paris massacre, Germany's parliament (the Bundestag) approves measures to move past the military's primary defensive role, to send six of its 29 operational, yet aged, Tornado reconnaissance aircraft, and as many as 1,200 soldiers to support the coalition missions against Islamic State militants in Syria. The airplanes will be limited to support activities; they will not fly combat missions. ](/news/2015/12/4/military-intervention-against-isil-in-an-act-of-solidarity-with-france-following-the-paris-massacre-germany-s-parliament-the-bundestag-a.md) _Context: France, Germany_
5. [Vienna Conference on Syria. Syrian Civil War. Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/vienna-conference-on-syria-syrian-civil-war-iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-represen.md) _Context: France, Germany_
6. [French farmers protesting low prices within the country turn back hundreds of trucks suspected of carrying foreign agricultural products at the country's border with Germany. ](/news/2015/07/27/french-farmers-protesting-low-prices-within-the-country-turn-back-hundreds-of-trucks-suspected-of-carrying-foreign-agricultural-products-at.md) _Context: France, Germany_
7. [Iran, the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, People's Republic of China, Germany, and the European Union (the P5+1) reach a breakthrough agreement on the general framework for an agreement on Iran's nuclear program, but sign no verbal agreement or official document. The deadline for a full deal is June 30, 2015. ](/news/2015/04/2/iran-the-united-states-the-united-kingdom-france-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-germany-and-the-european-union-the-p5-1-reach-a.md) _Context: France, Germany_
8. [War in Donbass. The leaders of France, Germany and Russia agree to work on a peace plan to be put to the President of Ukraine Petro Poroshenko on Sunday. ](/news/2015/02/7/war-in-donbass-the-leaders-of-france-germany-and-russia-agree-to-work-on-a-peace-plan-to-be-put-to-the-president-of-ukraine-petro-poroshen.md) _Context: France, Germany_
9. [War in Donbass. Leaders from Germany, France, Russia and Ukraine meet in the Belarusian capital Minsk for peace talks. ](/news/2015/02/11/war-in-donbass-leaders-from-germany-france-russia-and-ukraine-meet-in-the-belarusian-capital-minsk-for-peace-talks.md) _Context: France, Germany_
10. [In a joint ceremony at the Hartmannswillerkopf cemetery, French President Francois Hollande and his German counterpart, Joachim Gauck, commemorate the 100th anniversary of Germany's declaration of war on France in the beginning of World War I. ](/news/2014/08/3/in-a-joint-ceremony-at-the-hartmannswillerkopf-cemetery-french-president-franassois-hollande-and-his-german-counterpart-joachim-gauck-comm.md) _Context: France, Germany_
