### [2012-10-3](/news/2012/10/3/index.md)

# A few days later than initially planned, ATV-3 burns up; remaining parts plunge in the Pacific Ocean. The next mission docking with ISS, the first commercial resupply mission, with SpaceX Dragon is planned to launch on 8 October at 12:35 AM GMT. Unberthing and splashdown are targeted for 28 October. Orbital Sciences plans two Cygnus dockings to the ISS; in April 2013 follows ''Albert Einstein'' ATV (ATV-4). ATV-5 is planned April 2014. 

News and updates on Europe&#039;s Service Module for NASA&#039;s Orion spacecraft


### Source:

1. [Antares](http://www.orbital.com/Antares/)
2. [RIA Novosti](http://en.rian.ru/science/20121003/176373944.html)
3. [NASA](http://www.nasaspaceflight.com/2012/10/europes-atv-3-fiery-plunge-back-atmosphere/)
4. [ESA](http://blogs.esa.int/atv/)

### Related:

1. [Cygnus 1 (also known as Orbital Sciences COTS Demo Flight) launches the first planned flight of the Orbital Sciences' unmanned resupply spacecraft Cygnus, its first flight to the International Space Station and the second launch of the company's Antares launch vehicle. The flight is under contract to NASA as Cygnus' demonstration mission in the Commercial Orbital Transportation Services (COTS) program. The launch site is MARS on the Delmarva Peninsula in Virginia. ](/news/2013/09/18/cygnus-1-also-known-as-orbital-sciences-cots-demo-flight-launches-the-first-planned-flight-of-the-orbital-sciences-unmanned-resupply-spac.md) _Context: Commercial Orbital Transportation Services, Cygnus, International Space Station, Orbital Sciences'_
2. [SpaceX's unmanned Dragon capsule successfully returns to Earth following its demo mission to the International Space Station, landing intact in the Pacific Ocean. It is later recovered and shipped back to the United States. ](/news/2012/05/31/spacex-s-unmanned-dragon-capsule-successfully-returns-to-earth-following-its-demo-mission-to-the-international-space-station-landing-intact.md) _Context: Dragon, International Space Station, Pacific, SpaceX_
3. [SpaceX CRS-2: The cargo ship SpaceX Dragon docks at the International Space Station after a brief delay. ](/news/2013/03/3/spacex-crs-2-the-cargo-ship-spacex-dragon-docks-at-the-international-space-station-after-a-brief-delay.md) _Context: Dragon, International Space Station, SpaceX_
4. [A SpaceX Dragon becomes the first commercial spacecraft ever to dock with the International Space Station, completing docking at 12:02 pm EDT (16:02 UTC). ](/news/2012/05/25/a-spacex-dragon-becomes-the-first-commercial-spacecraft-ever-to-dock-with-the-international-space-station-completing-docking-at-12-02-pm-ed.md) _Context: Dragon, International Space Station, SpaceX_
5. [After months of delays, American company SpaceX successfully launches its unmanned Dragon spacecraft aboard a Falcon 9 rocket, beginning a test mission to the International Space Station (ISS). ](/news/2012/05/22/after-months-of-delays-american-company-spacex-successfully-launches-its-unmanned-dragon-spacecraft-aboard-a-falcon-9-rocket-beginning-a-t.md) _Context: Dragon, International Space Station, SpaceX_
6. [NASA clears SpaceX to launch Dragon COTS Demo Flight 2 toward the International Space Station in a window opening on February 7, 2012. ](/news/2011/12/10/nasa-clears-spacex-to-launch-dragon-cots-demo-flight-2-toward-the-international-space-station-in-a-window-opening-on-february-7-2012.md) _Context: Dragon, International Space Station, SpaceX_
7. [SpaceX successfully places the SES-10 telecommunications satellite on a geostationary transfer orbit. The event is notable because of the implied economic cost savings of reusing, for the first time, a used Falcon 9 first stage which had previously been recovered. That first stage had previously launched a Dragon spacecraft to the International Space Station and landed on an autonomous drone ship during the CRS-8 mission. ](/news/2017/03/30/spacex-successfully-places-the-ses-10-telecommunications-satellite-on-a-geostationary-transfer-orbit-the-event-is-notable-because-of-the-im.md) _Context: International Space Station, SpaceX_
8. [SpaceX successfully launches a Falcon 9 rocket from Kennedy Space Center, placing a Dragon spacecraft in orbit and recovering the launcher's first stage. The spacecraft will resupply the International Space Station.](/news/2017/02/19/spacex-successfully-launches-a-falcon-9-rocket-from-kennedy-space-center-placing-a-dragon-spacecraft-in-orbit-and-recovering-the-launcher-s.md) _Context: International Space Station, SpaceX_
9. [SpaceX delays the launch of a Falcon 9 rocket from Kennedy Space Center in Florida due to a technical issue. The Falcon 9 will resupply the International Space Station. ](/news/2017/02/18/spacex-delays-the-launch-of-a-falcon-9-rocket-from-kennedy-space-center-in-florida-due-to-a-technical-issue-the-falcon-9-will-resupply-the.md) _Context: International Space Station, SpaceX_
10. [SpaceX  launches a NASA cargo run to the International Space Station, and in a spaceflight first, successfully lands its reusable main-stage booster on an autonomous spaceport drone ship. ](/news/2016/04/8/spacex-launches-a-nasa-cargo-run-to-the-international-space-station-and-in-a-spaceflight-first-successfully-lands-its-reusable-main-stage.md) _Context: International Space Station, SpaceX_
