### [2012-10-3](/news/2012/10/3/index.md)

# Syrian civil war:Syrian refugees in rented houses say the Turkish police in Hatay Province faces them with the choice to either join a refugee camp or go back to Syria. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-19811829)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2012/10/02/world/meast/syria-refugee-crisis-turkey/index.html)
3. [Wall Street Journal](http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10000872396390443635404578035822373395226.html)
4. [Wall Street Journal](http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10000872396390443768804578034372539783626.html#printMode)

### Related:

1. [German Chancellor Angela Merkel,  European Council President Donald Tusk, and European Commission Vice-President Frans Timmermans meet with Syrian refugees at a camp in the southeastern Turkish town of Nizip prior to talks with a delegation led by Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu. Davutoglu stresses the importance of implementation of European Union visa liberalization for Turkish citizens in assuring the success of Europe's  migrant readmission agreement with his country. Tusk announces that the EU will spend 1 billion euros ($1.1 billion) this summer on projects to improve the lives of Syrian migrants. ](/news/2016/04/23/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-european-council-president-donald-tusk-and-european-commission-vice-president-frans-timmermans-meet-with.md) _Context: Syria, refugee camp, refugees from Syria_
2. [Syrian civil war:An explosion in a vehicle at the Cilvegozu border gate kills 14 civilians (eleven Syrians and three Turks), and injures more than 25 others in Reyhanli district of Hatay Province, Turkey. The gate is on the Turkish-Syrian border. ](/news/2013/02/11/syrian-civil-war-pan-explosion-in-a-vehicle-at-the-cilvegapza1-4-border-gate-kills-14-civilians-eleven-syrians-and-three-turks-and-injures.md) _Context: Hatay Province, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Iran fires ground-to-ground missiles from western Iran to militant targets in Deir ez-Zor Governorate, eastern Syria, in retaliation for the June 7 Tehran attacks. ](/news/2017/06/18/iran-fires-ground-to-ground-missiles-from-western-iran-to-militant-targets-in-deir-ez-zor-governorate-eastern-syria-in-retaliation-for-the.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
4. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
5. [United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid bin Ra'ad calls on all air forces in Syria to better distinguish between military targets and civilians. ](/news/2017/05/26/united-nations-high-commissioner-for-human-rights-zeid-bin-ra-ad-calls-on-all-air-forces-in-syria-to-better-distinguish-between-military-tar.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
6. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
7. [United States aircraft bomb a convoy belonging to the Syrian pro-government militia within a so-called "deconfliction zone" around Al-Tanf. ](/news/2017/05/18/united-states-aircraft-bomb-a-convoy-belonging-to-the-syrian-pro-government-militia-within-a-so-called-deconfliction-zone-around-al-tanf.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Israeli Minister of Construction Yoav Galant states that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should be assassinated.  Yesterday, the United States Department of State accused the al-Assad government of using a crematory at Sednaya Prison to cover up the mass murders of thousands of political prisoners. The Syrian government denies the accusations. ](/news/2017/05/16/israeli-minister-of-construction-yoav-galant-states-that-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-should-be-assassinated-yesterday-the-united-sta.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
9. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a large explosion near Damascus International Airport followed by a fire. The Syrian government says Israel struck the military site with several missiles. Israeli Intelligence Minister Yisrael Katz states that the strike "corresponds completely with Israel's policy". ](/news/2017/04/27/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-large-explosion-near-damascus-international-airport-followed-by-a-fire-the-syrian-governm.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
10. [According to the Russian Defence Ministry, two of its soldiers have been killed by a mortar attack in Syria while another was wounded. The ministry did not specify when or where the attack occurred. ](/news/2017/04/11/according-to-the-russian-defence-ministry-two-of-its-soldiers-have-been-killed-by-a-mortar-attack-in-syria-while-another-was-wounded-the-m.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
