### [2012-10-3](/news/2012/10/3/index.md)

# Syrian civil war:. Syrian refugees in rented houses say the Turkish police in Hatay Province faces them with the choice to either join a refugee camp or go back to Syria. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-19811829)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2012/10/02/world/meast/syria-refugee-crisis-turkey/index.html)
3. [Wall Street Journal](http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10000872396390443635404578035822373395226.html)
4. [Wall Street Journal](http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10000872396390443768804578034372539783626.html#printMode)

### Related:

1. [European migrant crisis. German Chancellor Angela Merkel, European Council President Donald Tusk, and European Commission Vice-President Frans Timmermans meet with Syrian refugees at a camp in the southeastern Turkish town of Nizip prior to talks with a delegation led by Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu. Davutoglu stresses the importance of implementation of European Union visa liberalization for Turkish citizens in assuring the success of Europe's migrant readmission agreement with his country. Tusk announces that the EU will spend 1 billion euros ($1.1 billion) this summer on projects to improve the lives of Syrian migrants. ](/news/2016/04/23/european-migrant-crisis-german-chancellor-angela-merkel-european-council-president-donald-tusk-and-european-commission-vice-president-fra.md) _Context: Syria, refugee camp, refugees from Syria_
2. [Syrian civil war:. An explosion in a vehicle at the Cilvegozu border gate kills 14 civilians (eleven Syrians and three Turks), and injures more than 25 others in Reyhanli district of Hatay Province, Turkey. The gate is on the Turkish-Syrian border. ](/news/2013/02/11/syrian-civil-war-an-explosion-in-a-vehicle-at-the-cilvegapza1-4-border-gate-kills-14-civilians-eleven-syrians-and-three-turks-and-injures.md) _Context: Hatay Province, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian Civil War. Seven members of the White Helmets are shot dead by unidentified gunmen who stormed their office in rebel-held Sarmin, in northwestern Syria. ](/news/2017/08/12/syrian-civil-war-seven-members-of-the-white-helmets-are-shot-dead-by-unidentified-gunmen-who-stormed-their-office-in-rebel-held-sarmin-in.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian Civil War. The Russian air force bombards the city of Madan and Zor Shamr Camp, south and east of Raqqa, Syria, with cluster bombs, killing six civilians and wounding 19 others. Nearby Alburamadan town was also struck; there are no reports of casualties. ](/news/2017/07/23/syrian-civil-war-the-russian-air-force-bombards-the-city-of-madan-and-zor-shamr-camp-south-and-east-of-raqqa-syria-with-cluster-bombs-k.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Syrian Civil War. Military intervention against ISIL. The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/syrian-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian Civil War. After yesterday's downing of a Syrian Su-22 jet, Russia shuts down a deconfliction channel and says it will follow any aircraft west of the Euphrates as a target. ](/news/2017/06/19/syrian-civil-war-after-yesterday-s-downing-of-a-syrian-su-22-jet-russia-shuts-down-a-deconfliction-channel-and-says-it-will-follow-any-air.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian Civil War. 2017 Deir ez-Zor missile strike. Iran fires medium range ballistic missiles from western Iran to ISIL targets in Deir ez-Zor Governorate, eastern Syria, in retaliation for the June 7 Tehran attacks. ](/news/2017/06/18/syrian-civil-war-2017-deir-ez-zor-missile-strike-iran-fires-medium-range-ballistic-missiles-from-western-iran-to-isil-targets-in-deir-ez-z.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
8. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian Civil War. United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid bin Ra'ad calls on all air forces in Syria to better distinguish between military targets and civilians. ](/news/2017/05/26/syrian-civil-war-united-nations-high-commissioner-for-human-rights-zeid-bin-ra-ad-calls-on-all-air-forces-in-syria-to-better-distinguish-be.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian Civil War. According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/syrian-civil-war-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democr.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
