### [2005-05-19](/news/2005/05/19/index.md)

#  A United Nations legal team meet Indonesian officials to begin an inquiry for human rights abuses and killings related to East Timor's independence in 1999. 

Find late breaking world news from every corner of the globe at Reuters.com, your online source for international news coverage.


### Source:

1. [Jakarta Post](http://www.thejakartapost.com/detailheadlines.asp?fileid=20050520.B11&irec=10)
2. [Laksamana](http://www.laksamana.net/vnews.cfm?ncat=45&news_id=8154)
3. [ReliefWeb](http://www.reliefweb.int/rw/RWB.NSF/db900SID/MHII-6CJ8ZX?OpenDocument)
4. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=8540771)

### Related:

1. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Indonesia, United Nations_
2. [A meeting is held in London on the issue of West Papuan independence. Independence leader Benny Wenda joined various humanitarians, parliamentarians and lawyers in urging the United Nations to secure a vote on the future status of the region, which is occupied by Indonesia. ](/news/2016/05/3/a-meeting-is-held-in-london-on-the-issue-of-west-papuan-independence-independence-leader-benny-wenda-joined-various-humanitarians-parliame.md) _Context: Indonesia, United Nations_
3. [ According to United Nations officials, as many as 4,000 people could be buried under the rubble in the aftermath of the devastating earthquakes in Indonesia. ](/news/2009/10/3/according-to-united-nations-officials-as-many-as-4-000-people-could-be-buried-under-the-rubble-in-the-aftermath-of-the-devastating-earthqu.md) _Context: Indonesia, United Nations_
4. [ The government in East Timor faces a motion of no confidence after releasing an Indonesian militia member, Martenus Bere, accused of crimes against humanity a decade ago. ](/news/2009/10/12/the-government-in-east-timor-faces-a-motion-of-no-confidence-after-releasing-an-indonesian-militia-member-martenus-bere-accused-of-crimes.md) _Context: East Timor, Indonesia_
5. [ A New South Wales coroner concludes that a group of five journalists, known as the Balibo Five, were deliberately killed by Indonesian forces in 1975 in order to prevent them exposing Indonesia's 1975 invasion of East Timor. ](/news/2007/11/15/a-new-south-wales-coroner-concludes-that-a-group-of-five-journalists-known-as-the-balibo-five-were-deliberately-killed-by-indonesian-forc.md) _Context: East Timor, Indonesia_
6. [ Youths in East Timor attack Australian Army forces and United Nations personnel following the announcement that Xanana Gusmo would be the next Prime Minister. ](/news/2007/08/7/youths-in-east-timor-attack-australian-army-forces-and-united-nations-personnel-following-the-announcement-that-xanana-gusmao-would-be-the.md) _Context: East Timor, United Nations_
7. [ People in East Timor finish voting in the second round of the country's first presidential election since it gained independence from Indonesia in 2002. ](/news/2007/05/9/people-in-east-timor-finish-voting-in-the-second-round-of-the-country-s-first-presidential-election-since-it-gained-independence-from-indon.md) _Context: East Timor, Indonesia_
8. [ Indonesia declares the deaths of the Balibo Five to be a closed case despite a New South Wales coronial inquest into their deaths in Balibo, East Timor in 1975. ](/news/2007/03/2/indonesia-declares-the-deaths-of-the-balibo-five-to-be-a-closed-case-despite-a-new-south-wales-coronial-inquest-into-their-deaths-in-balibo.md) _Context: East Timor, Indonesia_
9. [ A New South Wales coroner issues a warrant for the arrest of Indonesian politician Yunus Yosfiah for failure to appear to give evidence in the coronial inquest into the death of the Balibo Five in Balibo, East Timor in 1975. ](/news/2007/03/1/a-new-south-wales-coroner-issues-a-warrant-for-the-arrest-of-indonesian-politician-yunus-yosfiah-for-failure-to-appear-to-give-evidence-in.md) _Context: East Timor, Indonesia_
10. [ A truth commission is set up by East Timor and Indonesia to promote reconciliation after the violence surrounding the 1999 independence referendum. ](/news/2007/02/19/a-truth-commission-is-set-up-by-east-timor-and-indonesia-to-promote-reconciliation-after-the-violence-surrounding-the-1999-independence-ref.md) _Context: East Timor, Indonesia_
