### [2005-05-19](/news/2005/05/19/index.md)

#  Scientists discover that the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake was the longest ever recorded &mdash; lasting nearly ten minutes when most powerful earthquakes last no more than a few seconds &mdash; and shook the entire planet. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2005/TECH/science/05/19/sumatra.quake/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Officials in Haiti state that at least 230,000 people died in the 2010 Haiti earthquake, but that number may yet grow, approaching the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake as the deadliest natural disaster of the 21st century thus far. ](/news/2010/02/10/officials-in-haiti-state-that-at-least-230-000-people-died-in-the-2010-haiti-earthquake-but-that-number-may-yet-grow-approaching-the-2004.md) _Context: 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake_
2. [ Countries around the Indian Ocean hold commemorations on the fifth anniversary of the earthquake and tsunami that killed around 250,000 people. ](/news/2009/12/26/countries-around-the-indian-ocean-hold-commemorations-on-the-fifth-anniversary-of-the-earthquake-and-tsunami-that-killed-around-250-000-peo.md) _Context: 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake_
3. [ Memorial services around the world, including one in Banda Aceh, Indonesia, attended by President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, mark the first anniversary of the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami which saw 275,000 people killed or left missing. ](/news/2005/12/26/memorial-services-around-the-world-including-one-in-banda-aceh-indonesia-attended-by-president-susilo-bambang-yudhoyono-mark-the-first.md) _Context: 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake_
4. [ In the aftermath of '''Hurricane Katrina''': The death toll in Biloxi, Mississippi, may be as high as 80.  Mayor A.J. Holloway declares that Katrina "is our tsunami", comparing the catastrophe to the 2004 Indian Ocean Earthquake and Tsunami. ](/news/2005/08/30/in-the-aftermath-of-hurricane-katrina-p-the-death-toll-in-biloxi-mississippi-may-be-as-high-as-80-mayor-a-j-holloway-declares-th.md) _Context: 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake_
5. [ In Sri Lanka, investigators that investigate alleged misappropriation of funds of tsunami relief after 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake,  state that they have not found any evidence of wrongdoing. Opposition United National Party claims that prime minister Mahinda Rajapaksa had siphoned off 83 million rupees to his own constituency ](/news/2005/07/25/in-sri-lanka-investigators-that-investigate-alleged-misappropriation-of-funds-of-tsunami-relief-after-2004-indian-ocean-earthquake-state.md) _Context: 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake_
6. [ A magnitude 7.2 earthquake occurs off the Nicobar Islands at 1542 UTC, near the epicentre of the 26 December 2004 earthquake. ](/news/2005/07/24/a-magnitude-7-2-earthquake-occurs-off-the-nicobar-islands-at-1542-utc-near-the-epicentre-of-the-26-december-2004-earthquake.md) _Context: 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake_
7. [ 2005 Sumatran earthquake: An earthquake of moment magnitude 8.7 is reported off the west coast of North Sumatra, likely an aftershock of the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake. Concerned about the threat of a tsunami, emergency evacuations begin in Malaysia, Thailand, and Sri Lanka, although no significant tsunami activity is reported. Indonesia's vice-president reports up to 2,000 deaths ](/news/2005/03/28/2005-sumatran-earthquake-an-earthquake-of-moment-magnitude-8-7-is-reported-off-the-west-coast-of-north-sumatra-likely-an-aftershock-of-th.md) _Context: 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake_
8. [ British survey ship HMS ''Scott'' produces the first sonar survey of the seabed site of the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake. Some images appear to show a landslide 100 metres high and 2 kilometres long. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/science/nature/4247409.stm (BBC)].](/news/2005/02/9/british-survey-ship-hms-scott-produces-the-first-sonar-survey-of-the-seabed-site-of-the-2004-indian-ocean-earthquake-some-images-appea.md) _Context: 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake_
9. [ Indian divers have found more evidence of possible underwater ruins of a port city near the Tamil Nadu coast. The ruins were revealed after the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake. Archaeological Survey of India connects them to the legendary city of Mahabalipuram ](/news/2005/02/27/indian-divers-have-found-more-evidence-of-possible-underwater-ruins-of-a-port-city-near-the-tamil-nadu-coast-the-ruins-were-revealed-after.md) _Context: 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake_
10. [ The World Food Program states that it has only 70 000 tons of food left for Eritrea food aid until June. Reason given is the concentration of aid to areas that suffered from 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake ](/news/2005/02/22/the-world-food-program-states-that-it-has-only-70-000-tons-of-food-left-for-eritrea-food-aid-until-june-reason-given-is-the-concentration.md) _Context: 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake_
