### [2005-05-19](/news/2005/05/19/index.md)

#  The Canadian House of Commons votes on two crucial budget bills. Bill C-43 carries with a vote of 250 yea, 54 nay. Bill C-48 is tied with a vote of 152 yea, 152 nay, with the Speaker voting in favour, breaking the tie and carrying the bill. The Canadian government survives the Motion of no confidence. 




### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/canada/story/2005/05/19/second-confidence050519.html)

### Related:

1. [ Canada faces a parliamentary crisis as the opposition Liberals, NDP and Bloc Qubcois reject the policies in the Conservative minority government's "economic update." Following talks between the Liberals and NDP, plans are unveiled to hold a vote of no confidence and replace the Conservatives with a Liberal-NDP coalition. ](/news/2008/11/28/canada-faces-a-parliamentary-crisis-as-the-opposition-liberals-ndp-and-bloc-quebecois-reject-the-policies-in-the-conservative-minority-gov.md) _Context: Canada, Canadian House of Commons_
2. [ Incumbent parties lose two of three by-elections in Canadian federal parliamentary ridings in Quebec. Thomas Mulcair takes the Liberal stronghold of Outremont, bringing the New Democratic Party its second-ever victory in Quebec. Conservative Denis Lebel takes the Bloc-held riding of Roberval--Lac-Saint-Jean, while Eve-Mary Thai Thi Lac holds Saint-Hyacinthe--Bagot for the Bloc Quebecois. ](/news/2007/09/17/incumbent-parties-lose-two-of-three-by-elections-in-canadian-federal-parliamentary-ridings-in-quebec-thomas-mulcair-takes-the-liberal-stro.md) _Context: Canada, Canadian House of Commons_
3. [ Canada's House of Commons votes not to extend provisions of its anti-terrorism legislation that allows for preventative arrests and forced testimony. ](/news/2007/02/27/canada-s-house-of-commons-votes-not-to-extend-provisions-of-its-anti-terrorism-legislation-that-allows-for-preventative-arrests-and-forced.md) _Context: Canada, Canadian House of Commons_
4. [ Liberal MP Jean Lapierre resigns from the Canadian House of Commons. Justin Trudeau is likely to be the Liberals' candidate in the next election in the Outremont riding. ](/news/2007/01/11/liberal-mp-jean-lapierre-resigns-from-the-canadian-house-of-commons-justin-trudeau-is-likely-to-be-the-liberals-candidate-in-the-next-ele.md) _Context: Canada, Canadian House of Commons_
5. [ The Canadian House of Commons supports a motion recognising the people of Quebec as a separate nation within a united Canada. ](/news/2006/11/28/the-canadian-house-of-commons-supports-a-motion-recognising-the-people-of-quebec-as-a-separate-nation-within-a-united-canada.md) _Context: Canada, Canadian House of Commons_
6. [ Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper and the Canadian House of Commons endorse a motion to declare that the Qubcois form a nation within a unified Canada. ](/news/2006/11/27/canadian-prime-minister-stephen-harper-and-the-canadian-house-of-commons-endorse-a-motion-to-declare-that-the-quebecois-form-a-nation-withi.md) _Context: Canada, Canadian House of Commons_
7. [ Canadian federal election, 2006: Opposition leader Stephen Harper introduces a motion of no confidence in the Canadian House of Commons.  With the support of all opposition parties, it is expected to pass on Monday, toppling Prime Minister Paul Martin's minority Liberals and forcing a campaign spanning the holiday season. ](/news/2005/11/24/canadian-federal-election-2006-opposition-leader-stephen-harper-introduces-a-motion-of-no-confidence-in-the-canadian-house-of-commons-w.md) _Context: Canadian House of Commons, no confidence_
8. [ Bill C-38 passes through the Canadian House of Commons, placing Canada on track to become the third country in the world to legalize same-sex marriage, likely by July. ](/news/2005/06/28/bill-c-38-passes-through-the-canadian-house-of-commons-placing-canada-on-track-to-become-the-third-country-in-the-world-to-legalize-same-s.md) _Context: Canada, Canadian House of Commons_
9. [ Canadian Conservative MP Belinda Stronach crosses the floor of the House of Commons to sit with the Liberals, two days before a crucial budget vote that could determine whether the Liberal government falls or not. ](/news/2005/05/17/canadian-conservative-mp-belinda-stronach-crosses-the-floor-of-the-house-of-commons-to-sit-with-the-liberals-two-days-before-a-crucial-bud.md) _Context: Canada, Canadian House of Commons_
10. [ Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin has set May 19 for a vote in the House of Commons on the federal budget. He said if his government loses the vote of confidence, he will seek the dissolution of Parliament. This means an election could come as early as June 27. ](/news/2005/05/11/canadian-prime-minister-paul-martin-has-set-may-19-for-a-vote-in-the-house-of-commons-on-the-federal-budget-he-said-if-his-government-lose.md) _Context: Canada, Canadian House of Commons_
