### [2005-05-19](/news/2005/05/19/index.md)

#  Unrest in Uzbekistan: Various governments, including that of the United States, demand further investigation into the events. Uzbek government troops report that they have retaken the town of Qorasuv. President Islom Karimov rejects calls for international inquiry. Oppositions group fear that state will begin active oppression against them 

Get the latest breaking news and top news headlines at Reuters.com


### Source:

1. [Mosnews](http://www.mosnews.com/news/2005/05/19/korasuv.shtml)
2. [ReliefWeb](http://www.reliefweb.int/rw/RWB.NSF/db900SID/VBOL-6CJGLH?OpenDocument)
3. [Reuters Alertnet](http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/L19710494.htm)
4. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/4561279.stm)
5. [Moscow Times](http://www.moscowtimes.ru/stories/2005/05/19/006.html)
6. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=8550461)
7. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2005/WORLD/asiapcf/05/18/uzbekistan.unrest/)
8. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/4560953.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Three US senators visit Uzbekistan to demand investigation on the crackdown of unrest. ](/news/2005/05/29/three-us-senators-visit-uzbekistan-to-demand-investigation-on-the-crackdown-of-unrest.md) _Context: United States, Uzbekistan, unrest_
2. [ Unrest in Uzbekistan: 36 foreign diplomats visit Andijan in a government-sponsored trip and under heavy guard. The Uzbek government continues to deny that civilians were killed. The official death toll has risen to 169 but some human rights groups state that it can be as high as 750. A group of Islamic rebels led by a man called Baxtiyor Rahimov claim that they now control the border town of Qorasuv. ](/news/2005/05/18/unrest-in-uzbekistan-36-foreign-diplomats-visit-andijan-in-a-government-sponsored-trip-and-under-heavy-guard-the-uzbek-government-continu.md) _Context: Qorasuv, Uzbekistan, unrest_
3. [ Unrest in Uzbekistan: Uzbek soldiers seal off the town of Qorasuv after locals take over government buildings. The government denies giving an order to fire at protesters but they do not let journalists or the Red Cross visit the affected areas to evaluate the situation. Phone and internet access has been cut. There are varying reports of at least 700 people dead and continuing firefights in Andijan and other towns like Teshiktosh. Saidjahon Zaynabitdinov, head of the local human rights advocacy group ''Appeal'', says that government troops had killed 200 in Pakhtabad and expects mass arrests. Opposition supporters and human rights campaigners rally in the capital Tashkent. Hundreds of refugees have fled over the border of Kyrgyzstan; they believe that the death toll may be in thousands. ](/news/2005/05/16/unrest-in-uzbekistan-uzbek-soldiers-seal-off-the-town-of-qorasuv-after-locals-take-over-government-buildings-the-government-denies-giving.md) _Context: Qorasuv, Uzbekistan, unrest_
4. [The United States is reportedly blocking a $400 million plan by South Korea to sell KAI T-50 Golden Eagle trainer jets, co-developed in 2006 with Lockheed Martin, to Uzbekistan, according to ''The Korea Times''. The aircraft uses Lockheed Martin technologies -- including avionics -- and as such requires permission under the U.S. Arms Export Control Act for its sale to other countries. ](/news/2015/10/26/the-united-states-is-reportedly-blocking-a-400-million-plan-by-south-korea-to-sell-kai-t-50-golden-eagle-trainer-jets-co-developed-in-2006.md) _Context: United States, Uzbekistan_
5. [ Three detainees held by the United States at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba, are sent abroad to two countries. Ireland accepts two detainees of Uzbeki origin in a humanitarian gesture, with Minister for Justice, Equality and Law Reform Dermot Ahern saying Ireland was one of the first countries in Europe to call for the closure of Guantanamo Bay and that the two men would now be given time to rebuild their lives. ](/news/2009/09/26/three-detainees-held-by-the-united-states-at-guanta-namo-bay-in-cuba-are-sent-abroad-to-two-countries-ireland-accepts-two-detainees-of-uz.md) _Context: United States, Uzbekistan_
6. [ The Initiative Group of Independent Rights Defenders in Uzbekistan demands the Karimov administration release political opposition leader Sanjar Umarov, calling the case against him "entirely fabricated." Uzbek authorities arrested Umarov in 2005. ](/news/2006/10/23/the-initiative-group-of-independent-rights-defenders-in-uzbekistan-demands-the-karimov-administration-release-political-opposition-leader-s.md) _Context: Karimov administration, Uzbekistan_
7. [ Uzbekistan has reportedly given the United States six months to move out of a key base used for operations in Afghanistan.](/news/2005/07/30/uzbekistan-has-reportedly-given-the-united-states-six-months-to-move-out-of-a-key-base-used-for-operations-in-afghanistan.md) _Context: United States, Uzbekistan_
8. [ According to ''Washington Post'', US and Russian defense officials blocked NATO demand of investigation into crackdown of unrest in Uzbekistan ](/news/2005/06/14/according-to-washington-post-us-and-russian-defense-officials-blocked-nato-demand-of-investigation-into-crackdown-of-unrest-in-uzbekis.md) _Context: United States, Uzbekistan_
9. [ Reports emerge that the United States may be sending detainees to Uzbekistan, a regime notorious for torture. ](/news/2005/05/6/reports-emerge-that-the-united-states-may-be-sending-detainees-to-uzbekistan-a-regime-notorious-for-torture.md) _Context: United States, Uzbekistan_
10. [ Unrest in Uzbekistan: The Uzbek government says they will allow foreign diplomats to visit Andijan. Survivors from Andijan who have crossed the border to Kyrgyzstan say that government troops opened fire without warning and that they were shelled in the Kyrgyzstan border crossing. Opposition believes that as many as 745 may be dead. Official government death toll is 169. Government officials still deny that soldiers killed civilians ](/news/2005/05/17/unrest-in-uzbekistan-the-uzbek-government-says-they-will-allow-foreign-diplomats-to-visit-andijan-survivors-from-andijan-who-have-crossed.md) _Context: Uzbekistan, unrest_
