### [2006-09-30](/news/2006/09/30/index.md)

#  Eighteen-year-old TaCNYana Kucharova from the Czech Republic was crowned Miss World 2006 at the conclusion of a ceremony held at Sala Kongresowa in Warsaw, Poland. 1st Runner-Up was Ioana Boitor from Romania and 2nd Runner-Up was Sabrina Housammi from Australia. 104 nations competed for the title. 

Reuters.com brings you the latest news from around the world, covering breaking news in markets, business, politics, entertainment, technology, video and pictures.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.com/news/articlenews.aspx?type=entertainmentNews&storyID=2006-09-30T210132Z_01_L29892556_RTRUKOC_0_US-POLAND-MISSWORLD.xml)
1. [Cover Image](http://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png)

### Related:

1. [ The Miss World 2006 pageant officially starts with the arrival of 104 nations to Warsaw, Poland for a month of activities across the country prior to the pageant's final on September 30th, 2006. ](/news/2006/09/1/the-miss-world-2006-pageant-officially-starts-with-the-arrival-of-104-nations-to-warsaw-poland-for-a-month-of-activities-across-the-countr.md) _Context: Miss World 2006, Polish, Warsaw_
2. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: Polish, Romania_
3. [NATO members in Warsaw, Poland, agree to extend their mission in Afghanistan into 2017 and announced that they will continue to fund the Afghan Armed Forces to 2020. ](/news/2016/07/9/nato-members-in-warsaw-poland-agree-to-extend-their-mission-in-afghanistan-into-2017-and-announced-that-they-will-continue-to-fund-the-afg.md) _Context: Polish, Warsaw_
4. [NATO members gather in Warsaw, Poland, for a two-day summit. Much of the focus will be on Russia and NATO's commitments in bolstering its presence in Eastern Europe. Other issues to be discussed will include Europe's migrant crises, ISIL extremists, and the United Kingdom's withdrawal from the European Union. ](/news/2016/07/8/nato-members-gather-in-warsaw-poland-for-a-two-day-summit-much-of-the-focus-will-be-on-russia-and-nato-s-commitments-in-bolstering-its-pr.md) _Context: Polish, Warsaw_
5. [The President of Russia, Vladimir Putin, warns Romania and Poland against hosting parts of the U.S. missile defense shield. ](/news/2016/05/28/the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-warns-romania-and-poland-against-hosting-parts-of-the-u-s-missile-defense-shield.md) _Context: Polish, Romania_
6. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Czech Republic, Polish_
7. [Thousands of people take to the streets of Warsaw and other cities in Poland in protest against the government after it refused to publish the Constitutional Court's ruling that the government cannot change how the court works. ](/news/2016/03/12/thousands-of-people-take-to-the-streets-of-warsaw-and-other-cities-in-poland-in-protest-against-the-government-after-it-refused-to-publish-t.md) _Context: Polish, Warsaw_
8. [Poland summons the German ambassador in Warsaw over "anti-Polish" remarks made by German politicians. ](/news/2016/01/10/poland-summons-the-german-ambassador-in-warsaw-over-anti-polish-remarks-made-by-german-politicians.md) _Context: Polish, Warsaw_
9. [NATO's Aegis Ashore Ballistic Missile Defense System becomes partly operational at Romania's Deveselu airbase, as U.S. Navy personnel takes control of the site after years of construction. Aegis Ashore facilities in Romania form part of NATO's European missile defence system, with another site under construction in Poland expected to become operational by 2018. The United States Ambassador to Romania Hans G. Klemm says that they have explained to the Russians on numerous occasions that the missile system is, "not directed at Russia, nor does it have the capability to threaten Russia." The head of Russia's Strategic Missile Troops, Colonel General Sergei Karakayev, has dismissed the purported effectiveness of the missile defense system, saying Moscow develops "brand new and effective means and techniques to penetrate any missile defense system". ](/news/2015/12/18/nato-s-aegis-ashore-ballistic-missile-defense-system-becomes-partly-operational-at-romania-s-deveselu-airbase-as-u-s-navy-personnel-takes.md) _Context: Polish, Romania_
10. [Poland protests: Thousands march against the Law and Justice (PiS) party in Warsaw, with an estimated 50,000, and other cities protesting President Andrzej Duda and the country's new conservative government appointing new Constitutional Tribunal judges who are loyal to the PiS. ](/news/2015/12/12/poland-protests-thousands-march-against-the-law-and-justice-pis-party-in-warsaw-with-an-estimated-50-000-and-other-cities-protesting-pr.md) _Context: Polish, Warsaw_
