### [2006-09-30](/news/2006/09/30/index.md)

#  The ''Los Angeles Times'' has reported that Jason Grimsley, a former pitcher for several Major League Baseball teams who has been accused of supplying performance-enhancing drugs to several players, allegedly named stars Roger Clemens, Andy Pettitte, and Miguel Tejada in a sworn statement as users of performance-enhancers. 




### Source:

1. [LA Times](http://www.latimes.com/sports/la-sp-clemens1oct01,0,6499528.story?coll=la-home-headlines)

### Related:

1. [Former American Major League Baseball player Roger Clemens is acquitted on all charges in a perjury trial. ](/news/2012/06/18/former-american-major-league-baseball-player-roger-clemens-is-acquitted-on-all-charges-in-a-perjury-trial.md) _Context: Major League Baseball, Roger Clemens_
2. [A U.S. federal grand jury in Washington indicts former Major League Baseball superstar pitcher Roger Clemens on charges of making false statements to Congress about his alleged use of performance-enhancing drugs. ](/news/2010/08/19/a-u-s-federal-grand-jury-in-washington-indicts-former-major-league-baseball-superstar-pitcher-roger-clemens-on-charges-of-making-false-stat.md) _Context: Major League Baseball, Roger Clemens_
3. [ Former Major League Baseball pitcher Roger Clemens testifies to the United States House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform regarding performance enhancing drugs. ](/news/2008/02/13/former-major-league-baseball-pitcher-roger-clemens-testifies-to-the-united-states-house-committee-on-oversight-and-government-reform-regard.md) _Context: Major League Baseball, Roger Clemens_
4. [The Trump White House bars ''The New York Times'', CNN, the ''Los Angeles Times'', the ''New York Daily News'', ''The Hill'',  the ''Daily Mail'',  BBC,  Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as  Breitbart News, One America News Network, and ''The Washington Times''. Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News,  ''The Wall Street Journal'', Bloomberg News, and Fox News. ''Time'' magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to  in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-m.md) _Context: Los Angeles Times_
5. [ In American Major League Baseball, the Chicago Cubs defeat the Cleveland Indians 8-7 in 10 innings, winning the Series 4-3 and claiming their first MLB title since 1908. The Cubs' Ben Zobrist is named series MVP. Cubs win game 7 and the title in the early hours of November 3rd, 2016. ](/news/2016/11/2/in-american-major-league-baseball-the-chicago-cubs-defeat-the-cleveland-indians-8a7-in-10-innings-winning-the-series-4a3-and-claiming.md) _Context: Major League Baseball_
6. [ In baseball, the Miami Marlins' Ichiro Suzuki becomes the 30th Major League Baseball player with 3,000 career hits, reaching the milestone with a seventh-inning triple against the Colorado Rockies. ](/news/2016/08/7/in-baseball-the-miami-marlins-ichiro-suzuki-becomes-the-30th-major-league-baseball-player-with-3-000-career-hits-reaching-the-milestone.md) _Context: Major League Baseball_
7. [In baseball, Ichiro Suzuki reaches a combined total of career hits of 4,257 spanning Major League Baseball and Nippon Professional Baseball. It passes Pete Rose's career total encompassing Major League Baseball only of 4,256 but the MLB is considered to be a higher quality competition. ](/news/2016/06/15/in-baseball-ichiro-suzuki-reaches-a-combined-total-of-career-hits-of-4-257-spanning-major-league-baseball-and-nippon-professional-baseball.md) _Context: Major League Baseball_
8. [Major League Baseball Commissioner Rob Manfred says the decision whether the Miami Marlins and Pittsburgh Pirates two-game series scheduled for later this month will be moved from Puerto Rico  because of concerns about the Zika virus, will be announced Monday "at the latest." ](/news/2016/05/5/major-league-baseball-commissioner-rob-manfred-says-the-decision-whether-the-miami-marlins-and-pittsburgh-pirates-two-game-series-scheduled.md) _Context: Major League Baseball_
9. [In the United States, Gannett Company, Inc., announces that two weeks ago it  made an unsolicited, $815 million takeover bid for the Tribune Publishing Company, whose holdings include a number of major newspapers, such as the ''Chicago Tribune'' and the ''Los Angeles Times''. Gannett, the publisher of the national American daily ''USA Today'' as well as 107 daily newspapers, made the offer public since Tribune had not yet responded. Last month, Tribune Publishing's winning bid for the ''Orange County Register'' was blocked by the U.S. Justice Department because of an antitrust challenge. ](/news/2016/04/25/in-the-united-states-gannett-company-inc-announces-that-two-weeks-ago-it-made-an-unsolicited-815-million-takeover-bid-for-the-tribune.md) _Context: Los Angeles Times_
10. [The ''Los Angeles Times'' reports that close to 500,000 California voters, who wanted to register as an Independent but checked the American Independent Party box instead, may be ineligible to vote in the state's Democratic and Republican primaries. ](/news/2016/04/17/the-los-angeles-times-reports-that-close-to-500-000-california-voters-who-wanted-to-register-as-an-independent-but-checked-the-american.md) _Context: Los Angeles Times_
