### [2006-09-30](/news/2006/09/30/index.md)

#  The "Los Angeles Times" has reported that Jason Grimsley, a former pitcher for several Major League Baseball teams who has been accused of supplying performance-enhancing drugs to several players, allegedly named stars Roger Clemens, Andy Pettitte, and Miguel Tejada in a sworn statement as users of performance-enhancers. 




### Source:

1. [LA Times](http://www.latimes.com/sports/la-sp-clemens1oct01,0,6499528.story?coll=la-home-headlines)

### Related:

1. [Former American Major League Baseball player Roger Clemens is acquitted on all charges in a perjury trial. ](/news/2012/06/18/former-american-major-league-baseball-player-roger-clemens-is-acquitted-on-all-charges-in-a-perjury-trial.md) _Context: Major League Baseball, Roger Clemens_
2. [ Former Major League Baseball pitcher Roger Clemens testifies to the United States House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform regarding performance enhancing drugs. ](/news/2008/02/13/former-major-league-baseball-pitcher-roger-clemens-testifies-to-the-united-states-house-committee-on-oversight-and-government-reform-regard.md) _Context: Major League Baseball, Roger Clemens_
3. [The Trump White House bars "The New York Times", CNN, the "Los Angeles Times", the "New York Daily News", "The Hill", the "Daily Mail", BBC, Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as Breitbart News, One America News Network, and "The Washington Times". Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News, "The Wall Street Journal", Bloomberg News, and Fox News. "Time" magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-mail-bbc.md) _Context: Los Angeles Times_
4. [In the United States, Gannett Company, Inc., announces that two weeks ago it made an unsolicited, $815 million takeover bid for the Tribune Publishing Company, whose holdings include a number of major newspapers, such as the "Chicago Tribune" and the "Los Angeles Times". Gannett, the publisher of the national American daily "USA Today" as well as 107 daily newspapers, made the offer public since Tribune had not yet responded. Last month, Tribune Publishing's winning bid for the "Orange County Register" was blocked by the U.S. Justice Department because of an antitrust challenge. ](/news/2016/04/25/in-the-united-states-gannett-company-inc-announces-that-two-weeks-ago-it-made-an-unsolicited-815-million-takeover-bid-for-the-tribune.md) _Context: Los Angeles Times_
5. [The "Los Angeles Times" reports that close to 500,000 California voters, who wanted to register as an Independent but checked the American Independent Party box instead, may be ineligible to vote in the state's Democratic and Republican primaries. ](/news/2016/04/17/the-los-angeles-times-reports-that-close-to-500-000-california-voters-who-wanted-to-register-as-an-independent-but-checked-the-american-i.md) _Context: Los Angeles Times_
6. [ Tribune Publishing, an American company whose Southern California media holdings include the "Los Angeles Times" and "The San Diego Union-Tribune", wins an auction for bankrupt newspapers, "Orange County Register", published in Santa Ana, and "The Press-Enterprise", headquartered in Riverside, for $56 million, subject to judicial approval. A federal bankruptcy court hearing is scheduled for Monday. The U.S. Justice Department has warned that a Tribune purchase could violate antitrust laws. ](/news/2016/03/17/tribune-publishing-an-american-company-whose-southern-california-media-holdings-include-the-los-angeles-times-and-the-san-diego-union-t.md) _Context: Los Angeles Times_
7. [ An 11-judge panel of the U.S. Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals overturns the 2011 conviction of all-time Major League Baseball home run leader Barry Bonds on obstruction of justice charges stemming from the BALCO doping scandal. ](/news/2015/04/22/an-11-judge-panel-of-the-u-s-ninth-circuit-court-of-appeals-overturns-the-2011-conviction-of-all-time-major-league-baseball-home-run-leade.md) _Context: Major League Baseball_
8. [Senior U.S. officials condemn graphic photos depicting their troops posing with the mangled corpses of suspected Afghan suicide bombers on at least two separate occasions months apart. The "Los Angeles Times" defends its publication of the photos after being warned against the move by the U.S. military. ](/news/2012/04/18/senior-u-s-officials-condemn-graphic-photos-depicting-their-troops-posing-with-the-mangled-corpses-of-suspected-afghan-suicide-bombers-on-a.md) _Context: Los Angeles Times_
9. [The perjury trial of retired star baseball pitcher Roger Clemens commences in the U.S. over allegedly false statements made to a United States Congress Committee over use of performance-enhancing drugs. ](/news/2011/07/6/the-perjury-trial-of-retired-star-baseball-pitcher-roger-clemens-commences-in-the-u-s-over-allegedly-false-statements-made-to-a-united-stat.md) _Context: Roger Clemens_
10. [U.S. district court judge Reggie Walton declares a mistrial in the perjury trial of former baseball star Roger Clemens after prosecutors present evidence that Walton had previously ruled inadmissible. Walton will hold a hearing on September 2 to determine whether to hold a new trial. ](/news/2011/07/14/u-s-district-court-judge-reggie-walton-declares-a-mistrial-in-the-perjury-trial-of-former-baseball-star-roger-clemens-after-prosecutors-pre.md) _Context: Roger Clemens_
