### [2016-12-29](/news/2016/12/29/index.md)

# The Bank of Italy says in a statement that the country's treasury will have to put up around 6.6 billion euros to rescue Monte dei Paschi given the European Central Bank's estimate of Monte dei Paschi's capital shortfall. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-eurozone-banks-italy-montepaschi-idUSKBN14I17F)

### Related:

1. [Greek debt crisis: The European Central Bank reinstates the waiver that enables Greek banks to use the country's bonds as collateral for regular loans, for the first time in more than a year. ](/news/2016/06/22/greek-debt-crisis-the-european-central-bank-reinstates-the-waiver-that-enables-greek-banks-to-use-the-country-s-bonds-as-collateral-for-reg.md) _Context: European Central Bank_
2. [A member of the board of the Bundesbank in Germany says that the European Central Bank ought to crack down on the political practice, in EU's member states, by which banks that are no longer viable are nonetheless kept in business, as so-called Zombie banks. ](/news/2016/04/18/a-member-of-the-board-of-the-bundesbank-in-germany-says-that-the-european-central-bank-ought-to-crack-down-on-the-political-practice-in-eu.md) _Context: European Central Bank_
3. [The new 20 euro note, the third in the Europa series, enters into circulation today. The European Central Bank says the banknote has a -refreshed look and more vibrant colours,- and includes a new kind of security feature: a -portrait window- near the top of the hologram stripe which becomes transparent when seen against the light. ](/news/2015/11/25/the-new-20-euro-note-the-third-in-the-europa-series-enters-into-circulation-today-the-european-central-bank-says-the-banknote-has-a-re.md) _Context: European Central Bank_
4. [Mario Draghi, head of the European Central Bank, tells the European parliament in prepared testimony that the outlook for inflation is "weakening." The comment was taken to suggest the ECB will soon take a more stimulative stance on interest rates or money quantity. ](/news/2015/11/12/mario-draghi-head-of-the-european-central-bank-tells-the-european-parliament-in-prepared-testimony-that-the-outlook-for-inflation-is-weak.md) _Context: European Central Bank_
5. [Greek government-debt crisis: The Hellenic Parliament approves (with 222 yes votes) Prime Minister of Greece Alexis Tsipras's bailout package, despite opposition by almost one-third of his Syriza party. This third bailout plan is almost identical to the one rejected by the Greek people in the referendum. Tsipras will seek a vote of confidence following the country's August 20th payment to the European Central Bank. ](/news/2015/08/14/greek-government-debt-crisis-the-hellenic-parliament-approves-with-222-yes-votes-prime-minister-of-greece-alexis-tsipras-s-bailout-packag.md) _Context: European Central Bank_
6. [Greek bailout referendum, 2015: Greek voters solidly reject (61.3 percent) the latest austerity proposal of the European Union, the International Monetary Fund and the European Central Bank. ](/news/2015/07/5/greek-bailout-referendum-2015-greek-voters-solidly-reject-61-3-percent-the-latest-austerity-proposal-of-the-european-union-the-internat.md) _Context: European Central Bank_
7. [ The European Central Bank provides an extra 900 million euros to the Greek banks. ](/news/2015/07/22/the-european-central-bank-provides-an-extra-900-million-euros-to-the-greek-banks.md) _Context: European Central Bank_
8. [Greek government-debt crisis: The BBC reports that the European Central Bank will cap lending to Greece's struggling banks, causing the run on the nation's banks to become even worse. Next week a referendum will be held about leaving the Euro currency. ](/news/2015/06/28/greek-government-debt-crisis-the-bbc-reports-that-the-european-central-bank-will-cap-lending-to-greece-s-struggling-banks-causing-the-run.md) _Context: European Central Bank_
9. [The European Central Bank increased the cap on cash available to Greek banks through emergency liquidity assistance, as those banks continue to experience steady withdrawals. Greek citizens have withdrawn over 3 billion Euros in the last month. ](/news/2015/06/19/the-european-central-bank-increased-the-cap-on-cash-available-to-greek-banks-through-emergency-liquidity-assistance-as-those-banks-continue.md) _Context: European Central Bank_
10. [Greek government-debt crisis: The new Greek government, represented by finance minister Yanis Varoufakis, meets with Jeroen Dijsselbloem, the head of the Eurogroup, and declares that Greece now rejects any further cooperation with its main international lenders known as the troika (the Eurogroup, the IMF, and the ECB); instead, it wants to negotiate directly with other European countries. ](/news/2015/01/30/greek-government-debt-crisis-the-new-greek-government-represented-by-finance-minister-yanis-varoufakis-meets-with-jeroen-dijsselbloem-th.md) _Context: European Central Bank_
