### [2007-07-23](/news/2007/07/23/index.md)

#  The British MP George Galloway is thrown out of the House of Commons chamber and then suspended for 18 days after an inquiry into his Mariam Appeal campaign. 




### Source:

1. [The Independent](http://news.independent.co.uk/uk/politics/article2795660.ece)

### Related:

1. [ A United States Senate probe releases evidence showing two prominent British and French politicians received vouchers for millions of barrels of Iraqi oil in exchange for their support of Saddam Hussein's regime. George Galloway is accused of using the Mariam Appeal, the children's leukemia charity he founded, to conceal the transfer of 3 million barrels of oil, although he denies any wrongdoing. ](/news/2005/05/12/a-united-states-senate-probe-releases-evidence-showing-two-prominent-british-and-french-politicians-received-vouchers-for-millions-of-barre.md) _Context: Britain, George Galloway, Mariam Appeal_
2. [ United Kingdom Commons speaker John Bercow breaks with tradition by abandoning the traditional court dress worn by his predecessor Michael Martin. ](/news/2009/06/23/united-kingdom-commons-speaker-john-bercow-breaks-with-tradition-by-abandoning-the-traditional-court-dress-worn-by-his-predecessor-michael.md) _Context: Britain, British House of Commons_
3. [ Edward Leigh's attempt to outlaw the creation of human-animal hybrid embryos in the United Kingdom is defeated by 336 votes to 176 in the British House of Commons. ](/news/2008/05/19/edward-leigh-s-attempt-to-outlaw-the-creation-of-human-animal-hybrid-embryos-in-the-united-kingdom-is-defeated-by-336-votes-to-176-in-the-b.md) _Context: Britain, British House of Commons_
4. [ ''Prime Minister Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:'' Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions. Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister. Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy. Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government. Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/prime-minister-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-p-longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-pa.md) _Context: Britain, British House of Commons_
5. [ Nigel Griffiths resigns as the Deputy Leader of the British House of Commons  over the proposed expansion of the Trident missile system. ](/news/2007/03/12/nigel-griffiths-resigns-as-the-deputy-leader-of-the-british-house-of-commons-over-the-proposed-expansion-of-the-trident-missile-system.md) _Context: Britain, British House of Commons_
6. [ There are further calls in the media and Parliament of the United Kingdom for Prime Minister Tony Blair to publish a full account of his discussions with US President Bush on the bombing of Al Jazeera TV station headquarters in Doha. A memo on the conversation has been partly leaked to the ''Daily Mirror'' newspaper, before the Official Secrets Act was invoked. ](/news/2005/11/24/there-are-further-calls-in-the-media-and-parliament-of-the-united-kingdom-for-prime-minister-tony-blair-to-publish-a-full-account-of-his-di.md) _Context: Britain, British House of Commons_
7. [ British polls open in the 2005 general election. Voters will elect 645 of the 646 members of the House of Commons. Most expect Tony Blair and his Labour Party to win, but both Michael Howard and the Conservative Party along with Charles Kennedy and the Liberal Democrats are expected to make major gains in Parliament. (Wikinews) ](/news/2005/05/5/british-polls-open-in-the-2005-general-election-voters-will-elect-645-of-the-646-members-of-the-house-of-commons-most-expect-tony-blair-a.md) _Context: Britain, British House of Commons_
8. [ George Galloway, British MP and anti-war campaigner, appears before the United States Senate to defend himself against charges that he profited from Saddam Hussein's regime, launching a tirade against the senators who had accused him and attacking the war in Iraq. ](/news/2005/05/17/george-galloway-british-mp-and-anti-war-campaigner-appears-before-the-united-states-senate-to-defend-himself-against-charges-that-he-prof.md) _Context: Britain, George Galloway_
9. [The United Kingdom announces it is withdrawing from the 1964 London Fisheries Convention, which allows several European countries to fish within 6 to 12 nautical miles of each other's coastlines. ](/news/2017/07/2/the-united-kingdom-announces-it-is-withdrawing-from-the-1964-london-fisheries-convention-which-allows-several-european-countries-to-fish-wi.md) _Context: Britain_
10. [Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, Britain, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-charter-08-is-suffering-fr.md) _Context: Britain_
