### [2008-10-11](/news/2008/10/11/index.md)

#  European Union monitors in Georgia confirm that Russia has met the withdrawal deadline. 

EU MONITORS in Georgia have confirmed that Russian forces have dismantled 17 checkpoints, one signals post and one military base&hellip;


### Source:

1. [Irish Times](http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/world/2008/1011/1223676792628.html)

### Related:

1. [Georgia-European Union relations: Georgia's visa-free regime, which allows travel to most member states of the European Union, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom, enters into force. ](/news/2017/03/28/georgia-european-union-relations-georgia-s-visa-free-regime-which-allows-travel-to-most-member-states-of-the-european-union-with-the-ex.md) _Context: European Union, Georgian_
2. [France-Russia relations: French National Front presidential candidate Marine Le Pen meets with Russian president Vladimir Putin and afterwards urges that European Union sanctions on Russia be lifted. ](/news/2017/03/24/france-russia-relations-french-national-front-presidential-candidate-marine-le-pen-meets-with-russian-president-vladimir-putin-and-afterw.md) _Context: European Union, Russia_
3. [Georgia-European Union relations: The European Union formally grants Georgian citizens visa-free travel to its member states, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom. The signed documents will be published on March 8, and officially enter into force on March 28. ](/news/2017/03/1/georgia-european-union-relations-the-european-union-formally-grants-georgian-citizens-visa-free-travel-to-its-member-states-with-the-exc.md) _Context: European Union, Georgian_
4. [The European Union grants visa-free travel for Georgia and Ukraine. ](/news/2016/12/9/the-european-union-grants-visa-free-travel-for-georgia-and-ukraine.md) _Context: European Union, Georgian_
5. [War in Donbass: The European Union extends its main Ukraine-related economic sanctions against Russia for six months until mid-2017. ](/news/2016/12/15/war-in-donbass-the-european-union-extends-its-main-ukraine-related-economic-sanctions-against-russia-for-six-months-until-mid-2017.md) _Context: European Union, Russia_
6. [Russia-European Union relations: Ukrainian crisis: The European Union extends economic sanctions on Russia until 31 January 2017 over Moscow's continued support for separatist rebels in eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2016/07/1/russia-european-union-relations-ukrainian-crisis-the-european-union-extends-economic-sanctions-on-russia-until-31-january-2017-over-mosc.md) _Context: European Union, Russia_
7. [Israel-Palestine relations: The report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council - the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union - calls on Israel to end settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, -The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/israel-palestine-relations-the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states.md) _Context: European Union, Russia_
8. [France-Russia relations: International sanctions during the Ukrainian crisis: France's National Assembly votes to adopt a non-binding resolution to lift European Union sanctions against Russia, applied after Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014. Former President Nicolas Sarkozy's Republicans, as well as center-right and far-left groups voted in favor of lifting the sanctions, while the ruling Socialist Party and The Greens voted against the resolution. ](/news/2016/04/28/france-russia-relations-international-sanctions-during-the-ukrainian-crisis-france-s-national-assembly-votes-to-adopt-a-non-binding-reso.md) _Context: European Union, Russia_
9. [The President of the Georgian breakaway state of South Ossetia Leonid Tibilov announces his plan to hold a referendum on whether to become part of Russia or to keep its "de facto" independence before August of this year. This comes after South Ossetia signed various agreements further integrating the region with Russia. ](/news/2016/04/11/the-president-of-the-georgian-breakaway-state-of-south-ossetia-leonid-tibilov-announces-his-plan-to-hold-a-referendum-on-whether-to-become-p.md) _Context: Georgian, Russia_
10. [Thousands of people gather in the Georgian capital of Tbilisi to protest against their government's negotiations with Russian state-owned oil company Gazprom. ](/news/2016/03/6/thousands-of-people-gather-in-the-georgian-capital-of-tbilisi-to-protest-against-their-government-s-negotiations-with-russian-state-owned-oi.md) _Context: Georgian, Russia_
