### [2008-10-11](/news/2008/10/11/index.md)

#  Former South African President Thabo Mbeki will mediate between the Movement for Democratic Change and Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe's government after Mugabe takes control of ministries that command the military and the police, an action that allegedly violates the power-sharing agreement reached last month. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo News](http://news.yahoo.com/s/afp/20081011/wl_africa_afp/zimbabwepoliticssafricambeki;_ylt=Ai37LfO4CjtzSNFMujnhJAi96Q8F)

### Related:

1. [ Morgan Tsvangirai of Zimbabwe's Movement for Democratic Change states that power-sharing talks with President Robert Mugabe have failed to reach an agreement. ](/news/2008/10/17/morgan-tsvangirai-of-zimbabwe-s-movement-for-democratic-change-states-that-power-sharing-talks-with-president-robert-mugabe-have-failed-to.md) _Context: Movement for Democratic Change, President, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe, power-sharing talks_
2. [Thousands of opposition supporters rally in Harare, Zimbabwe, against President Robert Mugabe and the deteriorating economy. The rally was banned by the police, however, it went ahead after a ruling by the High Court sanctioned the protest. ](/news/2016/04/14/thousands-of-opposition-supporters-rally-in-harare-zimbabwe-against-president-robert-mugabe-and-the-deteriorating-economy-the-rally-was-b.md) _Context: President, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe, police_
3. [ Movement for Democratic Change President Morgan Tsvangirai agrees to become Zimbabwe's Prime Minister on February 11 in a deal with President Robert Mugabe. ](/news/2009/01/31/movement-for-democratic-change-president-morgan-tsvangirai-agrees-to-become-zimbabwe-s-prime-minister-on-february-11-in-a-deal-with-preside.md) _Context: Movement for Democratic Change, President, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
4. [ A power-sharing agreement between Zimbabwean president Robert Mugabe and opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai is officially signed, making Tsvangirai Prime Minister of Zimbabwe and chair of cabinet meetings. Mugabe maintains his position as president and remains in control of the country's army. ](/news/2008/09/15/a-power-sharing-agreement-between-zimbabwean-president-robert-mugabe-and-opposition-leader-morgan-tsvangirai-is-officially-signed-making-t.md) _Context: Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe, military, power-sharing talks_
5. [Politics of Zimbabwe. Zimbabwe president Robert Mugabe fires prosecutor Johannes Tomana. ](/news/2017/06/10/politics-of-zimbabwe-zimbabwe-president-robert-mugabe-fires-prosecutor-johannes-tomana.md) _Context: Politics of Zimbabwe, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
6. [2016 Zimbabwe protests. National "Stay Away" protests, organized over the Internet via the WhatsApp social messaging platform, take place in Zimbabwe, following fears of an economic collapse amid calls for President Robert Mugabe's resignation.](/news/2016/07/6/2016-zimbabwe-protests-national-stay-away-protests-organized-over-the-internet-via-the-whatsapp-social-messaging-platform-take-place-in.md) _Context: President, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
7. [Zimbabwe's Movement for Democratic Change files papers with the Constitutional Court in Harare arguing that the recent elections be annulled because of widespread allegations of illegalities and intimidation of voters by Robert Mugabe's ZANU-PF party. ](/news/2013/08/9/zimbabwe-s-movement-for-democratic-change-files-papers-with-the-constitutional-court-in-harare-arguing-that-the-recent-elections-be-annulled.md) _Context: Movement for Democratic Change, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
8. [A court in Zimbabwe frees 38 people detained for weeks on charges of attempting to overthrow President Robert Mugabe, after they watched videos of the Arab Spring. ](/news/2011/03/7/a-court-in-zimbabwe-frees-38-people-detained-for-weeks-on-charges-of-attempting-to-overthrow-president-robert-mugabe-after-they-watched-vid.md) _Context: President, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
9. [President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad opens a trade fair in Bulawayo on his tour of Zimbabwe as the country's President Robert Mugabe back's Iran's "just cause" for developing nuclear energy. ](/news/2010/04/23/president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-opens-a-trade-fair-in-bulawayo-on-his-tour-of-zimbabwe-as-the-country-s-president-robert-mugabe-back-s.md) _Context: President, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
10. [ The Swiss multinational Nestle is buying milk from a farm seized from its white owners and now owned by the wife of Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe, according to England's "The Sunday Telegraph". ](/news/2009/09/27/the-swiss-multinational-nestla-c-is-buying-milk-from-a-farm-seized-from-its-white-owners-and-now-owned-by-the-wife-of-zimbabwe-s-president-r.md) _Context: President, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
