### [2011-01-6](/news/2011/01/6/index.md)

# A U.S. soldier receives 90 days hard labour and must testify in the FOB Ramrod kill team case for keeping war souvenir photos, beating a platoon member and smoking hashish while involved with the FOB Ramrod kill team during the War in Afghanistan. 

A U.S. Army corporal was sentenced to 90 days of hard labor and a bad conduct discharge on Wednesday after pleading guilty to keeping war souvenir photos of Afghan civilians, beating a platoon member and smoking hashish.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSTRE7050X520110106)

### Related:

1. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):: A bombing in Qalat, capital of the southern Zabul Province, kills three U.S. soldiers and two U.S. civilians, along with an Afghan doctor. An American civilian dies in another attack in the east of the country. ](/news/2013/04/6/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-a-bombing-in-qalat-capital-of-the-southern-zabul-province-kills-three-u-s-soldiers-and-two-u-s-civ.md) _Context: U.S., War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
2. [The U.S. plans to send another 1,400 marines to Afghanistan, where approximately 100,000 U.S. troops are already engaged in the War in Afghanistan. ](/news/2011/01/6/the-u-s-plans-to-send-another-1-400-marines-to-afghanistan-where-approximately-100-000-u-s-troops-are-already-engaged-in-the-war-in-afgha.md) _Context: U.S., War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
3. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present): New Zealand announces the stationing of three more non-combat military personnel in Afghanistan, boosting its military commitment to 13. ](/news/2017/08/25/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-new-zealand-announces-the-stationing-of-three-more-non-combat-military-personnel-in-afghanistan-boosti.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
4. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present): Officials announce that Afghan security forces have retaken Nawa District from the Taliban. ](/news/2017/07/17/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-officials-announce-that-afghan-security-forces-have-retaken-nawa-district-from-the-taliban.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
5. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: 2017 North Korean missile tests: U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435|mi|km reaching an altitude of more than 1245|mi|km before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60|mi|km south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-2017-north-korean-missile-tests-u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launc.md) _Context: U.S._
6. [U.S. President Barack Obama expands the Papahanaumokuakea Marine National Monument off the coast of Hawai'i, making it the largest national park on the planet. ](/news/2016/08/26/u-s-president-barack-obama-expands-the-papahanaumokuakea-marine-national-monument-off-the-coast-of-hawai-i-making-it-the-largest-nationa.md) _Context: U.S._
7. [The President of Russia, Vladimir Putin, warns Romania and Poland against hosting parts of the U.S. missile defense shield. ](/news/2016/05/28/the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-warns-romania-and-poland-against-hosting-parts-of-the-u-s-missile-defense-shield.md) _Context: U.S._
8. [ War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Military intervention against ISIL: U.S. airstrikes in eastern Afghanistan hit an ISIS radio station and kill 29 militants. ](/news/2016/02/2/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-military-intervention-against-isil-u-s-airstrikes-in-eastern-afghanistan-hit-an-isis-radio-station-a.md) _Context: U.S._
9. [Cuba-United States relations: Government officials from Cuba and the U.S. met in Havana, beginning settlement discussions surrounding $1.9 billion worth of U.S. assets seized by Fidel Castro-s regime in the early 1960s. By law, the United States embargo against Cuba cannot cease until settlements are made. [https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/the_americas/in-major-breakthrough-cuba-and-us-discuss-19billion-in-property-claims/2015/12/08/9bc2ced0-9d23-11e5-9ad2-568d814bbf3b_story.html "(Washington Post)"]](/news/2015/12/9/cuba-united-states-relations-government-officials-from-cuba-and-the-u-s-met-in-havana-beginning-settlement-discussions-surrounding-1-9.md) _Context: U.S._
10. [Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter announces that his latest medical tests show he is cancer-free. Carter, 91, announced in August that a melanoma for which he had been treated had returned. ](/news/2015/12/6/former-u-s-president-jimmy-carter-announces-that-his-latest-medical-tests-show-he-is-cancer-free-carter-91-announced-in-august-that-a-me.md) _Context: U.S._
