### [2011-01-6](/news/2011/01/6/index.md)

# A U.S. plan to force gun dealers in states which border Mexico to report cases where individuals bought multiple high-powered rifles in under 5 days, is stalled due to opposition from gun lobbies. Approximately 90% of crime guns seized in Mexico originate in the U.S., and over 30,000 people have died in Mexico due to drug cartel violence since 2006. 

A planned Obama administration clampdown on Mexico border gun dealers which would require them to report multiple assault rifle sales has been delayed by the White House amid stiff opposition from the powerful gun lobby.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSTRE7055XA20110106)
1. [Cover Image](http://s1.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20110106&t=2&i=297823217&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=2011-01-06T214528Z_01_BTRE7051OFV00_RTROPTP_0_USA)

### Related:

1. [An unknown gunman shoots and kills veteran journalist Javier Valdez Crdenas, who is noted for his investigative reporting on Mexico's war on drugs, in Culiacn, Sinaloa. ](/news/2017/05/15/an-unknown-gunman-shoots-and-kills-veteran-journalist-javier-valdez-cardenas-who-is-noted-for-his-investigative-reporting-on-mexico-s-war-o.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Mexico_
2. [Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto proposes legalizing marijuana for medical purposes and easing limits for personal use of the drug. He said he would be sending a bill to the Congress to increase the amount users can legally carry from the current five grams to 28 (0.18-1oz). The news comes just two days after he addressed the United Nations General Assembly at a special session on drug policy and is seen as a chance to re-think the current strategy of fighting drug-trafficking, especially in Mexico where the fighting has killed tens of thousands of people. ](/news/2016/04/22/mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-proposes-legalizing-marijuana-for-medical-purposes-and-easing-limits-for-personal-use-of-the-drug-he.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Mexico_
3. [At least nine suspected cartel members are killed in gunfights with government forces during an anti-cartel operation in the city of Reynosa, Mexico. ](/news/2016/03/14/at-least-nine-suspected-cartel-members-are-killed-in-gunfights-with-government-forces-during-an-anti-cartel-operation-in-the-city-of-reynosa.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Mexico_
4. [Gisela Mota Ocampo, mayor of Temixco in Mexico's Morelos state is assassinated by gunmen at her home, less than a day after taking office. Morelos Governor, Graco Ramirez, attributed Mota's killing to organized crime, without citing a particular drug cartel or gang. ](/news/2016/01/2/gisela-mota-ocampo-mayor-of-temixco-in-mexico-s-morelos-state-is-assassinated-by-gunmen-at-her-home-less-than-a-day-after-taking-office-m.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Mexico_
5. [Fugitive drug kingpin Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman suffered injuries to his leg and face as he escaped Mexican authorities who were closing in on him in the mountains in Sinaloa in northwestern Mexico. ](/news/2015/10/17/fugitive-drug-kingpin-joaquan-el-chapo-guzma-n-suffered-injuries-to-his-leg-and-face-as-he-escaped-mexican-authorities-who-were-closing-i.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Mexico_
6. [Mexican Army soldiers kill 22 criminals in a shootout at a warehouse in the town of Tlatlaya in central Mexico. ](/news/2014/06/30/mexican-army-soldiers-kill-22-criminals-in-a-shootout-at-a-warehouse-in-the-town-of-tlatlaya-in-central-mexico.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Mexico_
7. [An unpublished list compiled by Mexico's Attorney General's Office is leaked showing that more than 25,000 people disappeared in Mexico's drug war, placing the probable death toll of the six-year conflict at around 100,000 deaths. ](/news/2012/11/30/an-unpublished-list-compiled-by-mexico-s-attorney-general-s-office-is-leaked-showing-that-more-than-25-000-people-disappeared-in-mexico-s-dr.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Mexico_
8. [In a Mexican Drug War-related crime, 14 mutilated corpses are found inside a truck outside of a Mexican supermarket. ](/news/2012/06/23/in-a-mexican-drug-war-related-crime-14-mutilated-corpses-are-found-inside-a-truck-outside-of-a-mexican-supermarket.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Mexico_
9. [Mexican Drug War: 49 dismembered bodies are discovered by Mexican authorities on Mexican Federal Highway 40. The decapitated and mutilated bodies were dumped on a roadside near the northern city of Monterrey, presumably by members of the powerful Los Zetas drug cartel. ](/news/2012/05/13/mexican-drug-war-49-dismembered-bodies-are-discovered-by-mexican-authorities-on-mexican-federal-highway-40-the-decapitated-and-mutilated-b.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Mexico_
10. [Mexican Drug War: The Mexican Los Zetas drug cartel threatens to launch a war in northern Guatemala where the government declared a "state of siege". ](/news/2010/12/29/mexican-drug-war-the-mexican-los-zetas-drug-cartel-threatens-to-launch-a-war-in-northern-guatemala-where-the-government-declared-a-state-o.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Mexico_
