### [2009-10-3](/news/2009/10/3/index.md)

#  Presidency of the European Council: Tony Blair's former chief-of-staff, Jonathan Powell, has been touring European capital cities, including Brussels, Paris and Prague, in an undercover move to make him the first President of the European Council. Blair is supported by French President Nicolas Sarkozy and German Chancellor Angela Merkel. 




### Source:

1. [The New Zealand Herald](http://www.nzherald.co.nz/world/news/article.cfm?c_id=2&objectid=10601055)
2. [The Times](http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/politics/article6859431.ece)
3. [The Times](http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/world/europe/article6859525.ece#)

### Related:

1. [ The President of France, Nicolas Sarkozy, says he will travel to Ireland to assist the passing of the forthcoming Treaty of Lisbon referendum at a joint news conference with the Chancellor of Germany, Angela Merkel, in Paris. ](/news/2009/06/11/the-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-says-he-will-travel-to-ireland-to-assist-the-passing-of-the-forthcoming-treaty-of-lisbon-referend.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, German Chancellor, Nicolas Sarkozy, Paris, President of France_
2. [ The new Chancellor of Germany, Angela Merkel, goes to Paris, France for her first foreign trip in office. Some observers see this as a signal that intra-European affairs will be a high priority. ](/news/2005/11/23/the-new-chancellor-of-germany-angela-merkel-goes-to-paris-france-for-her-first-foreign-trip-in-office-some-observers-see-this-as-a-sign.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, Europe, France, Germany, Paris_
3. [With most of the votes counted, the opposition conservatives of former president Nicolas Sarkozy's party win in six of the country's 13  regions and lead in the Paris region. The ruling Socialists of President Francois Hollande's  party capture five regions. The winner in Corsica is not affiliated with a major party. France's far-right National Front (FN) fails to win a single region but did record its best showing in its history. Voter turnout was 58 percent. Definitive results are expected Monday. ](/news/2015/12/13/with-most-of-the-votes-counted-the-opposition-conservatives-of-former-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-party-win-in-six-of-the-countryas-13-r.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy, Paris, President of France_
4. [Eurozone debt crisis:Nicolas Sarkozy, the President of France, and Angela Merkel, the Chancellor of Germany, call for a new European Union Treaty to help prevent future Eurozone crises. ](/news/2011/12/5/eurozone-debt-crisis-pnicolas-sarkozy-the-president-of-france-and-angela-merkel-the-chancellor-of-germany-call-for-a-new-european-union.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, German Chancellor, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
5. [ ''Prime Minister Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:'' Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions. Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister. Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy. Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government. Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/prime-minister-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-p-longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-pa.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, France, Nicolas Sarkozy, Tony Blair_
6. [German Chancellor Angela Merkel invites the presidents of Russia, Ukraine, and France to meet tomorrow in Berlin to discuss peace efforts in eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2016/10/18/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-invites-the-presidents-of-russia-ukraine-and-france-to-meet-tomorrow-in-berlin-to-discuss-peace-efforts-in.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, France, German Chancellor_
7. [Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy resigns as leader of The Republicans party and announces his candidacy for President again. ](/news/2016/07/3/former-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-resigns-as-leader-of-the-republicans-party-and-announces-his-candidacy-for-president-again.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
8. [European Union leaders advise  the United Kingdom that, after their EU exit, to retain access to the bloc's lucrative single market, the UK must allow free movement for EU workers. German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Francois Hollande reiterated that freedom of movement of EU citizens is non-negotiable. ](/news/2016/06/29/european-union-leaders-advise-the-united-kingdom-that-after-their-eu-exit-to-retain-access-to-the-bloc-s-lucrative-single-market-the-uk.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, German Chancellor, President of France_
9. [France's National Assembly votes to adopt a non-binding resolution to lift European Union sanctions against Russia, applied after Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014. Former President Nicolas Sarkozy's Republicans, as well as center-right and far-left groups voted in favor of lifting the sanctions, while the ruling Socialist Party and The Greens voted against the resolution. ](/news/2016/04/28/france-s-national-assembly-votes-to-adopt-a-non-binding-resolution-to-lift-european-union-sanctions-against-russia-applied-after-russia-s-a.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
10. [German Chancellor Angela Merkel,  European Council President Donald Tusk, and European Commission Vice-President Frans Timmermans meet with Syrian refugees at a camp in the southeastern Turkish town of Nizip prior to talks with a delegation led by Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu. Davutoglu stresses the importance of implementation of European Union visa liberalization for Turkish citizens in assuring the success of Europe's  migrant readmission agreement with his country. Tusk announces that the EU will spend 1 billion euros ($1.1 billion) this summer on projects to improve the lives of Syrian migrants. ](/news/2016/04/23/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-european-council-president-donald-tusk-and-european-commission-vice-president-frans-timmermans-meet-with.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, German Chancellor, President of the European Council_
