
Formats: [HTML](/news/2009/10/3/tony-blair-s-former-chief-of-staff-jonathan-powell-has-been-touring-european-capital-cities-including-brussels-paris-and-prague-in-an.html)  [JSON](/news/2009/10/3/tony-blair-s-former-chief-of-staff-jonathan-powell-has-been-touring-european-capital-cities-including-brussels-paris-and-prague-in-an.json)  [XML](/news/2009/10/3/tony-blair-s-former-chief-of-staff-jonathan-powell-has-been-touring-european-capital-cities-including-brussels-paris-and-prague-in-an.xml)  

### [2009-10-3](/news/2009/10/3/index.md)

##### Tony Blair
#  Tony Blair's former chief-of-staff, Jonathan Powell, has been touring European capital cities, including Brussels, Paris and Prague, in an undercover move to make him the first President of the European Council. Blair is supported by French President Nicolas Sarkozy and German Chancellor Angela Merkel. 




### Sources:

1. [The New Zealand Herald](http://www.nzherald.co.nz/world/news/article.cfm?c_id=2&objectid=10601055)
2. [The Times](http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/politics/article6859431.ece)
3. [The Times](http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/world/europe/article6859525.ece#)
3. [Cover Image](http://www.nzherald.co.nz/themes/1/img/social/nzhFBCover.png)

### Changes:

1. [ Presidency of the European Council:: Tony Blair's former chief-of-staff, Jonathan Powell, has been touring European capital cities, including Brussels, Paris and Prague, in an undercover move to make him the first President of the European Council. Blair is supported by French President Nicolas Sarkozy and German Chancellor Angela Merkel. ](/news/2009/10/3/presidency-of-the-european-council-tony-blair-s-former-chief-of-staff-jonathan-powell-has-been-touring-european-capital-cities-includi.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:19 (First version)_
2. [ Presidency of the European Council: Tony Blair's former chief-of-staff, Jonathan Powell, has been touring European capital cities, including Brussels, Paris and Prague, in an undercover move to make him the first President of the European Council. Blair is supported by French President Nicolas Sarkozy and German Chancellor Angela Merkel. ](/news/2009/10/3/presidency-of-the-european-council-p-tony-blair-s-former-chief-of-staff-jonathan-powell-has-been-touring-european-capital-cities-includi.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:19 (Update)_
2. [ Tony Blair's former chief-of-staff, Jonathan Powell, has been touring European capital cities, including Brussels, Paris and Prague, in an undercover move to make him the first President of the European Council. Blair is supported by French President Nicolas Sarkozy and German Chancellor Angela Merkel. ](/news/2009/10/3/tony-blair-s-former-chief-of-staff-jonathan-powell-has-been-touring-european-capital-cities-including-brussels-paris-and-prague-in-an.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [ The President of France, Nicolas Sarkozy, says he will travel to Ireland to assist the passing of the forthcoming Treaty of Lisbon referendum at a joint news conference with the Chancellor of Germany, Angela Merkel, in Paris. ](/news/2009/06/11/the-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-says-he-will-travel-to-ireland-to-assist-the-passing-of-the-forthcoming-treaty-of-lisbon-referend.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, Chancellor of Germany, Nicolas Sarkozy, Paris, President of France_
2. [ The new Chancellor of Germany, Angela Merkel, goes to Paris, France for her first foreign trip in office. Some observers see this as a signal that intra-European affairs will be a high priority. ](/news/2005/11/23/the-new-chancellor-of-germany-angela-merkel-goes-to-paris-france-for-her-first-foreign-trip-in-office-some-observers-see-this-as-a-sign.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, Europe, France, Germany, Paris_
3. [With most of the votes counted, the opposition conservatives of former president Nicolas Sarkozy's party win in six of the country's 13 regions and lead in the Paris region. The ruling Socialists of President Francois Hollande's party capture five regions. The winner in Corsica is not affiliated with a major party. France's far-right National Front (FN) fails to win a single region but did record its best showing in its history. Voter turnout was 58 percent. Definitive results are expected Monday. ](/news/2015/12/13/with-most-of-the-votes-counted-the-opposition-conservatives-of-former-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-party-win-in-six-of-the-countryas-13-re.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy, Paris, President of France_
4. [Nicolas Sarkozy, the President of France, and Angela Merkel, the Chancellor of Germany, call for a new European Union Treaty to help prevent future Eurozone crises. ](/news/2011/12/5/nicolas-sarkozy-the-president-of-france-and-angela-merkel-the-chancellor-of-germany-call-for-a-new-european-union-treaty-to-help-prevent.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, Chancellor of Germany, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
5. [ Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions. Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister. Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy. Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government. Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-parliament-and-others-clap-and-give-a-standing-ova.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, France, Nicolas Sarkozy, Tony Blair_
