### [2015-10-16](/news/2015/10/16/index.md)

# A U.S. federal judge declines plaintiffs request for an emergency order requiring Texas issue birth certificates to U.S.-born children of immigrant families who entered the country illegally. The judge said Matricula Consular cards issued by Mexican consulates to their citizens in the U.S. aren-t secure. The U.S. Constitution-s 14th Amendment guarantees the right of citizenship to children born in the United States. 

A federal judge has chosen for now not to force Texas health officials to change their stance in denying birth certificates to immigrant families with U.S- born children, saying that the families raised &ldquo;grave concerns&rdquo; but more evidence is needed, according to a ruling issued Friday.


### Source:

1. [Miami Herald](http://www.miamiherald.com/news/nation-world/national/article39557769.html)
2. [Washington Times](http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2015/oct/16/texas-can-refuse-to-issue-birth-certificates-to-il/)

### Related:

1. [Timothy Geithner, the United States Secretary of the Treasury, says that President Barack Obama will not invoke the United States Constitution to raise the debt ceiling unilaterally. The idea has been under consideration due to the 14th amendment requiring that "the validity of the public debt of the United States [...] shall not be questioned." ](/news/2011/07/24/timothy-geithner-the-united-states-secretary-of-the-treasury-says-that-president-barack-obama-will-not-invoke-the-united-states-constituti.md) _Context: Constitution, United States Constitution_
2. [ Chief Justice nominee John G. Roberts affirms before the Senate Judiciary Committee today his belief in a constitutional right to privacy, which underpins many Constitutional amendments (viz. 1, 4, 5, 9, 13 and 14) as well as Roe v. Wade. (This does not translate to support specifically for Roe v. Wade.) He answers questions regarding civil rights in wartime, torture and the role on international law in interpreting the Constitution. ](/news/2005/09/13/chief-justice-nominee-john-g-roberts-affirms-before-the-senate-judiciary-committee-today-his-belief-in-a-constitutional-right-to-privacy.md) _Context: Constitution, United States Constitution_
3. [2017 Atlantic hurricane season: Harvey becomes a hurricane, expected to make landfall on the Texas coast at Category 3, bringing life-threatening storm surge, rainfall, and wind hazards. ](/news/2017/08/24/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-harvey-becomes-a-hurricane-expected-to-make-landfall-on-the-texas-coast-at-category-3-bringing-life-threat.md) _Context: Texas_
4. [Economy of the United States: Berkshire Hathaway Inc. agrees to pay USD $9 billion to buy the parent of Texas power transmission company Oncor Electric Delivery. ](/news/2017/07/7/economy-of-the-united-states-berkshire-hathaway-inc-agrees-to-pay-usd-9-billion-to-buy-the-parent-of-texas-power-transmission-company-onc.md) _Context: Texas_
5. [Presidency of Donald Trump: Nearly 200 members of the Democratic Party in the United States Congress file a lawsuit in the federal court, claiming that U.S. President Trump profits from business dealings with foreign governments, in violation of the United States Constitution-s emolument clauses. This is the third such suit of its kind, following on the heels of the most recent suit by the Attorneys General of Maryland and the District of Columbia.](/news/2017/06/14/presidency-of-donald-trump-nearly-200-members-of-the-democratic-party-in-the-united-states-congress-file-a-lawsuit-in-the-federal-court-cl.md) _Context: United States Constitution_
6. [April 2017 North American storm complex: At least 7 people are killed in the US states of Missouri, Arkansas and Texas due to tornadoes and floods. ](/news/2017/04/29/april-2017-north-american-storm-complex-at-least-7-people-are-killed-in-the-us-states-of-missouri-arkansas-and-texas-due-to-tornadoes-and.md) _Context: Texas_
7. [List of offenders executed in the United States in 2017: Arkansas becomes the first U.S. state since Texas in 2000 to hold two executions on the same day as executes convicted murderers Jack Jones, Jr. and Marcel Williams. ](/news/2017/04/24/list-of-offenders-executed-in-the-united-states-in-2017-arkansas-becomes-the-first-u-s-state-since-texas-in-2000-to-hold-two-executions-on.md) _Context: Texas_
8. [A head on crash between a pickup truck and a church bus outside Garner State Park in the American state of Texas kills at least 12 people and injures 3 others. ](/news/2017/03/29/a-head-on-crash-between-a-pickup-truck-and-a-church-bus-outside-garner-state-park-in-the-american-state-of-texas-kills-at-least-12-people-an.md) _Context: Texas_
9. [Severe storms, from the weather system that hit Southern California Friday, reach southwest Texas injuring several people and damaging at least 100 homes with one confirmed tornado in San Antonio. Heavy rains continue today with flash floods likely as the storm moves to eastern Texas and southern Louisiana. ](/news/2017/02/20/severe-storms-from-the-weather-system-that-hit-southern-california-friday-reach-southwest-texas-injuring-several-people-and-damaging-at-le.md) _Context: Texas_
10. [In Texas, four children die with an additional six others injured after they are poisoned by phosgene gas sprayed in an inappropriate attempt as a pesticide. ](/news/2017/01/2/in-texas-four-children-die-with-an-additional-six-others-injured-after-they-are-poisoned-by-phosgene-gas-sprayed-in-an-inappropriate-attemp.md) _Context: Texas_
