### [2015-10-16](/news/2015/10/16/index.md)

# China hosts the ministers of defense from the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN).  During the meeting a Chinese defense official suggests joint maritime drills between the host and ASEAN.  At the same time, it is widely expected that U.S. Navy vessels may soon sail within 12 nautical miles of islands China is constructing upon reefs and atolls in the South China Sea. 

China proposes joint maritime drills with South East Asian nations in the hotly contested South China Sea in 2016.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-34546820)
2. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/aponline/2015/10/16/world/asia/ap-as-south-china-sea.html)

### Related:

1. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea, U.S. Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter and his counterpart from Malaysia, Hishammuddin Hussein, will visit the USS Theodore Roosevelt (CVN-71) as it cruises in the South China Sea, this in the wake of China's dismay over a U.S. Navy ship's sailing in the vicinity of artificial islands constructed by China in the Spratly Islands. ](/news/2015/11/4/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-u-s-secretary-of-defense-ashton-carter-and-his-counterpart-from-malaysia-hishammuddin-hussein.md) _Context: Chinese, South China Sea, U.S. Navy_
2. [Taiwan scrambles navy ships and jets as Chinese warships, led by the aircraft carrier ''Liaoning'', sail through the Taiwan Strait following exercises in the South China Sea. ](/news/2017/01/11/taiwan-scrambles-navy-ships-and-jets-as-chinese-warships-led-by-the-aircraft-carrier-liaoning-sail-through-the-taiwan-strait-following.md) _Context: Chinese, South China Sea_
3. [China's People's Liberation Army Navy seizes an underwater drone deployed by USNS ''Bowditch'' in the South China Sea; the United States files a formal diplomatic protest and a demand for its return. ](/news/2016/12/16/china-s-people-s-liberation-army-navy-seizes-an-underwater-drone-deployed-by-usns-bowditch-in-the-south-china-sea-the-united-states-fil.md) _Context: Chinese, South China Sea_
4. [Satellite images show anti-aircraft guns and missile defence systems being built on artificial islands in the South China Sea; China had previously committed to not militarising its controversial developments in the region. ](/news/2016/12/14/satellite-images-show-anti-aircraft-guns-and-missile-defence-systems-being-built-on-artificial-islands-in-the-south-china-sea-china-had-pre.md) _Context: Chinese, South China Sea_
5. [China's People's Liberation Army Air Force says it has conducted "combat patrols" near the disputed Spratly Islands and Scarborough Shoal in the South China Sea as part of an effort to normalize such drills and respond to security threats. Xian H-6 strategic bombers and Su-30 fighter jets took part in the patrols, according to Xinhua News Agency. ](/news/2016/08/6/china-s-people-s-liberation-army-air-force-says-it-has-conducted-combat-patrols-near-the-disputed-spratly-islands-and-scarborough-shoal-in.md) _Context: Chinese, South China Sea_
6. [''Philippines v. China''The Philippines says it won't have bilateral talks with China until the Chinese stop all provocations in the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/08/31/philippines-v-china-pthe-philippines-says-it-won-t-have-bilateral-talks-with-china-until-the-chinese-stop-all-provocations-in-the-south.md) _Context: Chinese, South China Sea_
7. [Ahead of a court decision by the Permanent Court of Arbitration, China holds a naval drill in the disputed South China Sea raising tensions in the region. ](/news/2016/07/9/ahead-of-a-court-decision-by-the-permanent-court-of-arbitration-china-holds-a-naval-drill-in-the-disputed-south-china-sea-raising-tensions.md) _Context: Chinese, South China Sea_
8. [China threatens the United States regarding the South China Sea and it will not accept a verdict in the Permanent Court of Arbitration. ](/news/2016/07/6/china-threatens-the-united-states-regarding-the-south-china-sea-and-it-will-not-accept-a-verdict-in-the-permanent-court-of-arbitration.md) _Context: Chinese, South China Sea_
9. [''Philippines v. China''The Permanent Court of Arbitration rules in favor of the Philippines against China over territorial disputes in the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/07/12/philippines-v-china-pthe-permanent-court-of-arbitration-rules-in-favor-of-the-philippines-against-china-over-territorial-disputes-in-the.md) _Context: Chinese, South China Sea_
10. [''Philippines v. China''On his final day as President of the Philippines, Benigno Aquino III says he was right when he sued China over the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/06/29/philippines-v-china-pon-his-final-day-as-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-aquino-iii-says-he-was-right-when-he-sued-china-over-the.md) _Context: Chinese, South China Sea_
