### [2015-10-16](/news/2015/10/16/index.md)

# Hawaii Governor David Ige declares a state of emergency to address homelessness as the state has seen an alarming increase in unsheltered individuals and families over the past two years, particularly on O'ahu. Hawaii has the  highest per capita rate of homelessness among the 50 states at about 465 people per 100,000 citizens. This act "frees up" money for this problem. 

The governor of Hawaii declared a state of emergency in an effort to free up funding to help the homeless in his state.


### Source:

1. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Health_News/2015/10/17/Governor-of-Hawaii-declares-state-of-emergency-to-help-homeless/4711445124043/)
2. [Hawaii](http://governor.hawaii.gov/newsroom/governors-office-news-release-governor-ige-signs-emergency-proclamation-to-address-homelessness-statewide/)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/18/us-usa-hawaii-homelessness-idUSKCN0SC00P20151018)

### Related:

1. [Hawaii Governor David Ige declares a state of emergency as Tropical Storm Darby is on track to reach the U.S. state's Big Island today with maximum sustained winds approaching 50 mph (80 kph). The storm, which previously was a Category 3 hurricane, could produce up to 15 inches (40 cm) of rain. ](/news/2016/07/23/hawaii-governor-david-ige-declares-a-state-of-emergency-as-tropical-storm-darby-is-on-track-to-reach-the-u-s-state-s-big-island-today-with.md) _Context: David Ige, Hawaii Governor_
2. [Hawaii Governor David Ige signs an emergency proclamation in anticipation of the arrival of Hurricane Ignacio on Monday. Ignacio is expected to strengthen to Category 2 this weekend. The state is still recovering from precipitation from Tropical Storm Kilo which skirted the islands earlier this week. In addition, Hurricane Jimena, which is expected to intensify to near category 5 strength on Saturday, is trailing Ignacio and also heading toward Hawaii. ](/news/2015/08/28/hawaii-governor-david-ige-signs-an-emergency-proclamation-in-anticipation-of-the-arrival-of-hurricane-ignacio-on-monday-ignacio-is-expected.md) _Context: David Ige, Hawaii Governor_
3. [Primary elections in Hawaii:Incumbent Governor Neil Abercrombie loses to challenger David Ige, becoming the first sitting Governor to be defeated in a primary election. Ige, a Democrat, will face Republican Duke Aiona and independent Mufi Hannemann in the gubernatorial general election. ](/news/2014/08/9/primary-elections-in-hawaii-pincumbent-governor-neil-abercrombie-loses-to-challenger-david-ige-becoming-the-first-sitting-governor-to-be-de.md) _Context: David Ige, Hawaii Governor_
4. [In the United States, New York Governor Andrew M. Cuomo orders communities statewide to place homeless people in shelters when temperatures reach freezing. ](/news/2016/01/3/in-the-united-states-new-york-governor-andrew-m-cuomo-orders-communities-statewide-to-place-homeless-people-in-shelters-when-temperatures.md) _Context: homeless people_
5. [The United States Coast Guard and Navy in Hawaii are searching for twelve American servicemen off the northern coast of Oahu following a crash between two United States Marine Corps CH-53E Super Stallion helicopters that were conducting an overnight training flight. ](/news/2016/01/15/the-united-states-coast-guard-and-navy-in-hawaii-are-searching-for-twelve-american-servicemen-off-the-northern-coast-of-oahu-following-a-cra.md) _Context: Oahu_
6. [Human Rights Watch says that the Philippine government is detaining street children and homeless people harshly and involuntarily as part of preparations for an international summit. The government denies that the people concerned are being abused and such moves were part of a regular and year-round outreach program. ](/news/2015/11/17/human-rights-watch-says-that-the-philippine-government-is-detaining-street-children-and-homeless-people-harshly-and-involuntarily-as-part-of.md) _Context: homeless people_
7. [ Hurricane Ignacio, which has weakened to a Category 3 (115 mph) storm, is expected to side-step Hawaii this week though will still generate high surf, rain and powerful winds. The Big Island and Maui remain on a tropical storm watch. Ignacio may re-strengthen to a hurricane when he clears Oahu on Wednesday. ](/news/2015/08/30/hurricane-ignacio-which-has-weakened-to-a-category-3-115-mph-storm-is-expected-to-side-step-hawaii-this-week-though-will-still-generate.md) _Context: Oahu_
8. [2014 Pacific hurricane season:Residents in the US state of Hawaii prepare for the impact of Hurricane Iselle expected to hit the island of Hawaii as a Category 1 hurricane before weakening to a tropical storm when it hits the islands of Maui and Oahu. ](/news/2014/08/7/2014-pacific-hurricane-season-presidents-in-the-us-state-of-hawaii-prepare-for-the-impact-of-hurricane-iselle-expected-to-hit-the-island-of.md) _Context: Oahu_
9. [Three teenagers in Liverpool, England, are convicted for beating a homeless man to death as part of a dare. ](/news/2013/04/16/three-teenagers-in-liverpool-england-are-convicted-for-beating-a-homeless-man-to-death-as-part-of-a-dare.md) _Context: homeless people_
10. [Hawaii's Democratic Governor Neil Abercrombie appoints Lieutenant Governor Brian Schatz (a former state legislator and nonprofit group executive) to fill the term of the recently-deceased longtime Democratic U.S. Senator Daniel Inouye until 2014, when a special election will be called to fill the slot until 2016. His was one of three names known to have been submitted by the state party's central committee, along with an unnamed person and U.S. Democrat Colleen Hanabusa, whom Inouye had stated as his preferred successor hours before his death. ](/news/2012/12/26/hawaii-s-democratic-governor-neil-abercrombie-appoints-lieutenant-governor-brian-schatz-a-former-state-legislator-and-nonprofit-group-execu.md) _Context: Hawaii Governor_
