### [2015-10-16](/news/2015/10/16/index.md)

# The United States confirms Iran tested a medium-range missile capable of delivering a nuclear weapon, in "clear violation" of a United Nations Security Council ban on ballistic missile tests. 

The United States has confirmed that Iran tested a medium-range missile capable of delivering a nuclear weapon, in &quot;clear violation&quot; of a United Nations Security Council ban on ballistic missile tests, a senior U.S. official said on Friday.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-34555008)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/16/us-iran-missiles-usa-idUSKCN0SA20Z20151016)

### Related:

1. [U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power says the United States is investigating reports that Iran launched a medium-range ballistic missile in November, and if confirmed, will bring the issue to the U.N. Security Council and seek appropriate action. ](/news/2015/12/8/u-s-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-samantha-power-says-the-united-states-is-investigating-reports-that-iran-launched-a-medium-range-balli.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations Security Council, United States, medium-range ballistic missile_
2. [Reuters reports the United States and its European allies have notified the UN that Iran's launching of nuclear-capable missiles violated United Nations Security Council resolution 2231 which endorsed the Iran deal, i.e., the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), last year. ](/news/2016/03/29/reuters-reports-the-united-states-and-its-european-allies-have-notified-the-un-that-iran-s-launching-of-nuclear-capable-missiles-violated-un.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations Security Council, United States_
3. [The United Nations finds Iran's firing of a medium-range ballistic missile in October violated a June 2010 resolution banning the Islamic Republic from launches capable of delivering nuclear weapons. The test was not technically a violation of the July nuclear deal between Iran and six world powers. It's not known if the Security Council will take any action. ](/news/2015/12/15/the-united-nations-finds-iran-s-firing-of-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-in-october-violated-a-june-2010-resolution-banning-the-islamic-re.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations Security Council, medium-range ballistic missile_
4. [The United Nations Security Council imposes a fourth round of sanctions against Iran over its nuclear program. ](/news/2010/06/9/the-united-nations-security-council-imposes-a-fourth-round-of-sanctions-against-iran-over-its-nuclear-program.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations Security Council, ban on ballistic missile tests_
5. [ U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton warns that it could arm its allies in the Gulf and extend a "defense umbrella" over the region, if Iran goes nuclear. ](/news/2009/07/22/u-s-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-warns-that-it-could-arm-its-allies-in-the-gulf-and-extend-a-defense-umbrella-over-the-region-if.md) _Context: Iran, United States, nuclear warheads_
6. [ Speaking at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy, United States Vice President Dick Cheney states: "The United States joins other nations in sending a clear message - we will not allow Iran to have a nuclear weapon." ](/news/2007/10/21/speaking-at-the-washington-institute-for-near-east-policy-united-states-vice-president-dick-cheney-states-the-united-states-joins-other.md) _Context: Iran, United States, nuclear warheads_
7. [ Nuclear program of Iran: The United States is drafting a United Nations Security Council resolution calling for sanctions against Iran prior to discussions amongst the five permanent members. ](/news/2007/09/18/nuclear-program-of-iran-the-united-states-is-drafting-a-united-nations-security-council-resolution-calling-for-sanctions-against-iran-prio.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations Security Council, United States_
8. [ France, United States, United Kingdom, Russia, People's Republic of China and Germany decide to refer Iran to the U.N. Security Council over its nuclear program, after Iran not deciding whether to respond to a package of incentives quickly enough. ](/news/2006/07/12/france-united-states-united-kingdom-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-and-germany-decide-to-refer-iran-to-the-u-n-security-council-ove.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations Security Council, United States_
9. [The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping-up-sanctions-against-russia-and-against-iran-language-in-the-mea.md) _Context: Iran, United States_
10. [Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states-calli.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council, United States_
