### [2015-10-16](/news/2015/10/16/index.md)

# Turkey says it has shot down a drone near the Syrian border after it failed to leave Turkish airspace. 




### Source:

1. [Today's Zaman](http://www.todayszaman.com/diplomacy_turkey-shoots-down-drone-near-syrian-border-us-suspects-russian-origin_401709.html)

### Related:

1. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports at least eight people, including four children, are shot and killed, and another eight wounded by Turkish border guards. The group was trying to cross from northwestern Syria into Turkey's Hatay Province. ](/news/2016/06/18/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-at-least-eight-people-including-four-children-are-shot-and-killed-and-another-eight-wound.md) _Context: Spillover of the Syrian Civil War, Turkish_
2. [   Turkish shelling kills 55 Islamic State of Iraq and Syria insurgents in northern Syria in retaliation for rocket attacks on Kilis, a Turkish border town. ](/news/2016/05/8/turkish-shelling-kills-55-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-syria-insurgents-in-northern-syria-in-retaliation-for-rocket-attacks-on-kilis-a-turk.md) _Context: Spillover of the Syrian Civil War, Turkish_
3. [Turkey claims that its artillery fire together with U.S. air strikes killed more than 104 ISIL militants after rockets fired from northern Syria killed several people in the Turkish town of Kilis. ](/news/2016/05/28/turkey-claims-that-its-artillery-fire-together-with-u-s-air-strikes-killed-more-than-104-isil-militants-after-rockets-fired-from-northern-s.md) _Context: Spillover of the Syrian Civil War, Turkish_
4. [Mortar shells fired from Syria kill at least one person and injure another in the Turkish border town of Kilis. ](/news/2016/03/8/mortar-shells-fired-from-syria-kill-at-least-one-person-and-injure-another-in-the-turkish-border-town-of-kilis.md) _Context: Spillover of the Syrian Civil War, Turkish_
5. [A Turkish soldier is killed following a clash on the Syria-Turkey border with an armed group trying to enter Turkey illegally. The Turkish military says the clash occurred in the Yayladagi district of the Hatay Province. ](/news/2016/02/15/a-turkish-soldier-is-killed-following-a-clash-on-the-syriaaturkey-border-with-an-armed-group-trying-to-enter-turkey-illegally-the-turkish.md) _Context: Spillover of the Syrian Civil War, Turkish_
6. [A rocket fired from ISIL-controlled territory in Syria's Aleppo Governorate, kills at least one person and injures another in the Turkish city of Kilis, close to the Syria-Turkey border. The Turkish military responded with artillery fire on ISIL positions. ](/news/2016/01/18/a-rocket-fired-from-isil-controlled-territory-in-syria-s-aleppo-governorate-kills-at-least-one-person-and-injures-another-in-the-turkish-ci.md) _Context: Spillover of the Syrian Civil War, Turkish_
7. [Turkey says a Russian warplane violated its airspace near the Syrian border, prompting the Turkish Air Force to scramble two F-16 fighter jets to intercept it. The Foreign Ministry summoned Russia's ambassador to protest the violation and urged Russia to avoid repeating such a violation, or it would be held "responsible for any undesired incident that may occur". ](/news/2015/10/5/turkey-says-a-russian-warplane-violated-its-airspace-near-the-syrian-border-prompting-the-turkish-air-force-to-scramble-two-f-16-fighter-je.md) _Context: Spillover of the Syrian Civil War, Turkish_
8. [Turkish warplanes strike ISIS positions in northern Syria following an exchange of gunfire on the Turkish-Syrian border which left one Turkish soldier dead. The airstrikes are said to have killed as many as 35 ISIS militants. ](/news/2015/07/24/turkish-warplanes-strike-isis-positions-in-northern-syria-following-an-exchange-of-gunfire-on-the-turkish-syrian-border-which-left-one-turki.md) _Context: Spillover of the Syrian Civil War, Syrian border_
9. [Turkey scrambles fighter jets and Turkish tanks open fire on ISIS positions along the Syrian border following an exchange of fire which left one Turkish soldier dead and two injured. The clashes are the first direct combat between the Turkish military and ISIS forces. There are multiple reports of Turkish ground forces crossing the official border into Syria. ](/news/2015/07/23/turkey-scrambles-fighter-jets-and-turkish-tanks-open-fire-on-isis-positions-along-the-syrian-border-following-an-exchange-of-fire-which-left.md) _Context: Spillover of the Syrian Civil War, Turkish_
10. [A huge explosion in the mostly Kurdish border town of Suruc,  Turkey, targeting The Socialist Youth Associations Federation, kills at least 31 people and injures over 100. Preliminary evidence suggests an ISIS suicide attack. ](/news/2015/07/20/a-huge-explosion-in-the-mostly-kurdish-border-town-of-suruass-turkey-targeting-the-socialist-youth-associations-federation-kills-at-least.md) _Context: Spillover of the Syrian Civil War, Turkish_
