### [2017-08-21](/news/2017/08/21/index.md)

# A ceasefire brings calm after heavy fighting between Fatah and extremists that left two people dead at the Palestinian refugees camp of Ain al-Hilweh, Lebanon. 

A cease-fire Sunday brought a tentative calm to Ain al-Hilweh after days of clashes shook the south Lebanon Palestinian refugee camp.


### Source:

1. [Daily Star](https://www.dailystar.com.lb/News/Lebanon-News/2017/Aug-21/416598-third-ain-al-hilweh-cease-fire-brings-tentative-calm.ashx)

### Related:

1. [Renewed clashes between Islamist extremists and the Fatah-supported Joint Palestinian Security Force at the Ain al-Hilweh Palestinian refugees camp, near Sidon, Lebanon, wound three more Palestinians. ](/news/2017/08/22/renewed-clashes-between-islamist-extremists-and-the-fatah-supported-joint-palestinian-security-force-at-the-ain-al-hilweh-palestinian-refuge.md) _Context: Ain al-Hilweh, Ain al-Hilweh conflict, Fatah, Lebanon, Palestinian refugees_
2. [ Top Palestinian Security Official, Hani Kawasmeh, quits in protest on Monday as Sunday's ceasefire is broken, with fighting across Gaza between Hamas and Fatah killing 8 and wounding 40. Fighting began as both sides set up security checkpoints and kidnapped rivals as bargaining chips. ](/news/2007/05/14/top-palestinian-security-official-hani-kawasmeh-quits-in-protest-on-monday-as-sunday-s-ceasefire-is-broken-with-fighting-across-gaza-bet.md) _Context: Fatah, ceasefire_
3. [ Palestinian factional violence: Fatah and Hamas take some of their gunmen off the streets of the West Bank and free some hostages under a new declared ceasefire. ](/news/2007/02/4/palestinian-factional-violence-fatah-and-hamas-take-some-of-their-gunmen-off-the-streets-of-the-west-bank-and-free-some-hostages-under-a-n.md) _Context: Fatah, ceasefire_
4. [ Lebanese PM Fouad Siniora has accused Israel of a "naked violation" of the five-day-old ceasefire, after a raid by Israeli commandos deep inside Lebanon. ](/news/2006/08/19/lebanese-pm-fouad-siniora-has-accused-israel-of-a-naked-violation-of-the-five-day-old-ceasefire-after-a-raid-by-israeli-commandos-deep-i.md) _Context: Lebanon, ceasefire_
5. [Hamas, through Egyptian-mediated talks, agrees to dissolve its Gaza administration, hold talks with the Fatah West Bank government, and hold elections for a Palestinian unity government. ](/news/2017/09/17/hamas-through-egyptian-mediated-talks-agrees-to-dissolve-its-gaza-administration-hold-talks-with-the-fatah-west-bank-government-and-hold.md) _Context: Fatah_
6. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Lebanon_
7. [Citizens remain trapped in Marawi, Philippines, after a ceasefire organised by the Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF) is broken. Up to 2,000 people remain in need of help after nearly two weeks without food. ](/news/2017/06/4/citizens-remain-trapped-in-marawi-philippines-after-a-ceasefire-organised-by-the-moro-islamic-liberation-front-milf-is-broken-up-to-2-0.md) _Context: ceasefire_
8. [The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-israeli-air-force-launches-several-airstrikes-on-targets-inside-syria-and-for-the-first-time-publicly-claims-responsibility-syrian-ai.md) _Context: Lebanon_
9. [Russia begins to withdraw its forces from Syria, with its aircraft carrier battle group being the first to leave. The United Nations says the ceasefire is "largely holding". ](/news/2017/01/6/russia-begins-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-syria-with-its-aircraft-carrier-battle-group-being-the-first-to-leave-the-united-nations-says-th.md) _Context: ceasefire_
10. [The warring parties reach agreement on a ceasefire, now that the fighting has ended, to allow civilians and the remaining rebel fighters trapped in the besieged Syrian city to evacuate. Five buses will start moving to pick up passengers at 5:00 a.m. EET Wednesday (03:00 UTC). ](/news/2016/12/13/the-warring-parties-reach-agreement-on-a-ceasefire-now-that-the-fighting-has-ended-to-allow-civilians-and-the-remaining-rebel-fighters-tra.md) _Context: ceasefire_
