### [2017-08-21](/news/2017/08/21/index.md)

# In a video interview posted on the state-run website Uriminzokkiri, the two sons of James Joseph Dresnok (the last remaining American defector to North Korea) have confirmed that their father has died of a stroke last November 2016. 

Dresnok was among a handful of American servicemen to desert after the Korean war and was loyal to Kim Jong-un


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/aug/21/american-soldier-james-dresnok-who-defected-to-north-korea-has-died-say-sons)
1. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/9b16a3035caa7280cb3450fd2ff05b9abd9557b4/0_189_3008_1805/master/3008.jpg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxNi8wNS8yNS9vdmVybGF5LWxvZ28tMTIwMC05MF9vcHQucG5n&amp;s=320f373f13e77ef5264dce571fbb1243)

### Related:

1. [U.S. President Donald Trump announces new sanctions on North Korea over its nuclear weapons program. ](/news/2017/09/21/u-s-president-donald-trump-announces-new-sanctions-on-north-korea-over-its-nuclear-weapons-program.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-United States relations_
2. [The U.S. State Department announces that it will ban travel to North Korea, following the death of Otto Warmbier. ](/news/2017/07/21/the-u-s-state-department-announces-that-it-will-ban-travel-to-north-korea-following-the-death-of-otto-warmbier.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-United States relations_
3. [Following the death of 22-year-old U.S. student Otto Warmbier, touring firm Young Pioneer Tours, who arranged Otto's visit to North Korea, say they will no longer be taking U.S. citizens to North Korea as the "risk is too high". Beijing-based Koryo Tours say they are reviewing their positions on taking U.S. citizens to the country. ](/news/2017/06/20/following-the-death-of-22-year-old-u-s-student-otto-warmbier-touring-firm-young-pioneer-tours-who-arranged-otto-s-visit-to-north-korea-s.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-United States relations_
4. [American student Otto Warmbier, who returned to the United States after serving 17 months in the North Korean prison system dies after returning from North Korea last week in a comatose state. His family has accused the Government of North Korea of torturing him. ](/news/2017/06/19/american-student-otto-warmbier-who-returned-to-the-united-states-after-serving-17-months-in-the-north-korean-prison-system-dies-after-retur.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-United States relations_
5. [After over a year in North Korean prison, the government releases the one-year comatose Otto Warmbier after negotiations from the United States Department of State. ](/news/2017/06/13/after-over-a-year-in-north-korean-prison-the-government-releases-the-one-year-comatose-otto-warmbier-after-negotiations-from-the-united-sta.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-United States relations_
6. [ North Korea vows to accelerate its nuclear weapons programme to "maximum pace" and test a nuclear device "at any time" in response to U.S. President Donald Trump's aggressive stance towards the regime. ](/news/2017/05/2/north-korea-vows-to-accelerate-its-nuclear-weapons-programme-to-amaximum-pacea-and-test-a-nuclear-device-aat-any-timea-in-response.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-United States relations_
7. [The United States Pacific Command deploys warships, including the USS "Carl Vinson", to move towards the Korean Peninsula following North Korea's recent tests with weapons of mass destruction and opposition to the Sharyat missile strike. North Korea is also reclassified as a state sponsor of terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/9/the-united-states-pacific-command-deploys-warships-including-the-uss-carl-vinson-to-move-towards-the-korean-peninsula-following-north-ko.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-United States relations_
8. [Yonhap reports that North Korea has detained a U.S. citizen as he sought to leave the country. ](/news/2017/04/23/yonhap-reports-that-north-korea-has-detained-a-u-s-citizen-as-he-sought-to-leave-the-country.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-United States relations_
9. [U.S.-based monitoring group 38 North says satellite imagery of North Korea's Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site indicates that preparation for a sixth nuclear weapons test is underway. ](/news/2017/04/13/u-s-based-monitoring-group-38-north-says-satellite-imagery-of-north-korea-s-punggye-ri-nuclear-test-site-indicates-that-preparation-for-a-s.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-United States relations_
10. [North Korea announces its readiness to declare war on the United States after the country previously stated that they felt threatened as U.S. military forces approach the Korean Peninsula. ](/news/2017/04/11/north-korea-announces-its-readiness-to-declare-war-on-the-united-states-after-the-country-previously-stated-that-they-felt-threatened-as-u-s.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-United States relations_
