### [2017-08-21](/news/2017/08/21/index.md)

# Millions of United States residents and visitors are able to witness a total solar eclipse that crosses through North America. It is the first total solar eclipse visible across the entire contiguous United States since the solar eclipse of June 8, 1918. 




### Source:

1. [CBS](https://www.cbsnews.com/news/2017-eclipse-millions-ready-path-of-totality-america/)
1. [Cover Image](https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/2017/08/20/15019ba4-bb3a-48be-8586-e2170f225acc/rts1ck33.jpg)

### Related:

1. [In the United States, federal and state authorities announce Education Management Corp., a company that enrolls more than 100,000 students at North American for-profit trade schools and colleges, agrees to pay $95.5 million to settle claims it illegally paid recruiters and exaggerated the career-placement abilities of its schools. EDMC also agreed to forgive $102.8 million in loans made to more than 80,000 former students. ](/news/2015/11/16/in-the-united-states-federal-and-state-authorities-announce-education-management-corp-a-company-that-enrolls-more-than-100-000-students-a.md) _Context: North America, U.S._
2. [North Korea issues a new threat to strike targets on the United States mainland, Hawaii and Guam, as well as South Korea, days after a new US-South Korea military pact. ](/news/2013/03/26/north-korea-issues-a-new-threat-to-strike-targets-on-the-united-states-mainland-hawaii-and-guam-as-well-as-south-korea-days-after-a-new-u.md) _Context: U.S., contiguous United States_
3. [International stock markets slump in value in Asia, Europe and North America due to speculation brought about by comments from the Federal Reserve System of the United States. ](/news/2010/08/11/international-stock-markets-slump-in-value-in-asia-europe-and-north-america-due-to-speculation-brought-about-by-comments-from-the-federal-r.md) _Context: North America, U.S._
4. [ January 2007 North American Ice Storm hits parts of North America including United States and Canada, causing 74 deaths across 12 U.S. states and three Canadian provinces, and caused hundreds of thousands of residents across the U.S and Canada to lose electric power. ](/news/2007/01/11/january-2007-north-american-ice-storm-hits-parts-of-north-america-including-united-states-and-canada-causing-74-deaths-across-12-u-s-stat.md) _Context: North America, U.S._
5. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: U.S._
6. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: U.S._
7. [Facebook agrees to disclose ads that ran in the U.S. in 2016 from accounts associated with a Russian entity known as the Internet Research Agency to United States Congressional investigators. Earlier, this information was provided to Special Counsel Robert Mueller. ](/news/2017/09/21/facebook-agrees-to-disclose-ads-that-ran-in-the-u-s-in-2016-from-accounts-associated-with-a-russian-entity-known-as-the-internet-research-a.md) _Context: U.S._
8. [The United States stops giving out visas to high ranking officials of Cambodia, Eritrea, Guinea and Sierra Leone for failing to accept deportations. ](/news/2017/09/13/the-united-states-stops-giving-out-visas-to-high-ranking-officials-of-cambodia-eritrea-guinea-and-sierra-leone-for-failing-to-accept-depor.md) _Context: U.S._
9. [In an official dinner hosted by the United States President, Donald Trump and leaders of the Democratic party Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi agree to fix DACA but disagree with the details, with Trump denying on Twitter the following day that a deal had been made which excluded funding for his proposed wall on the Mexico-United States border. ](/news/2017/09/13/in-an-official-dinner-hosted-by-the-united-states-president-donald-trump-and-leaders-of-the-democratic-party-chuck-schumer-and-nancy-pelosi.md) _Context: U.S._
10. [The United States Department of Justice has requested Moscow-based Russian media channel RT America to register as a foreign lobbying firm in the United States. ](/news/2017/09/12/the-united-states-department-of-justice-has-requested-moscow-based-russian-media-channel-rt-america-to-register-as-a-foreign-lobbying-firm-i.md) _Context: U.S._
