### [2005-01-31](/news/2005/01/31/index.md)

#  The summit of the African Union begins in Nigeria, with 25 African heads of state and United Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan in attendance. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/4220447.stm)
2. [News24](http://www.news24.com/News24/Africa/News/0,,2-11-1447_1654857,00.html)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.co.uk/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=663535)

### Related:

1. [South Sudanese Civil War. A long-awaited report released by an African Union investigative team led by former Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo describes atrocities and the discovery of mass graves in South Sudan, citing government forces and their allies as responsible parties. ](/news/2015/10/29/south-sudanese-civil-war-a-long-awaited-report-released-by-an-african-union-investigative-team-led-by-former-nigerian-president-olusegun-ob.md) _Context: African Union, Nigeria_
2. [ U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan appoints former Mozambican President Joaquim Chissano as the new United Nations-envoy to negotiations between the Government of Uganda and the Lord's Resistance Army, a rebel paramilitary group. ](/news/2006/12/5/u-n-secretary-general-kofi-annan-appoints-former-mozambican-president-joaquim-chissano-as-the-new-united-nations-envoy-to-negotiations-bet.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations Secretary-General_
3. [ United Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan warns of "troubling developments" in Burundi that could lead to violence. ](/news/2006/12/24/united-nations-secretary-general-kofi-annan-warns-of-troubling-developments-in-burundi-that-could-lead-to-violence.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations Secretary-General_
4. [ United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan strongly criticizes the United States, in particular the Bush administration, claiming it has strayed from multilateralism and human rights, in his final speech. ](/news/2006/12/11/united-nations-secretary-general-kofi-annan-strongly-criticizes-the-united-states-in-particular-the-bush-administration-claiming-it-has-s.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations Secretary-General_
5. [ Somali Civil War: UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan warns Somalia's neighbours to stay out, as UN experts paint an alarming picture of foreign and extremist intervention in a nation on the brink of all-out war that could engulf the Horn of Africa. ](/news/2006/11/19/somali-civil-war-un-secretary-general-kofi-annan-warns-somalia-s-neighbours-to-stay-out-as-un-experts-paint-an-alarming-picture-of-foreig.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations Secretary-General_
6. [ South Korean Ban Ki-moon is nominated to succeed Kofi Annan as the United Nations Secretary-General in an affirmation vote by the Security Council. A confirmation vote by the General Assembly is expected within the next fortnight. ](/news/2006/10/9/south-korean-ban-ki-moon-is-nominated-to-succeed-kofi-annan-as-the-united-nations-secretary-general-in-an-affirmation-vote-by-the-security.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations Secretary-General_
7. [ United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan condemns movement by Eritrea of 1,500 troops and 14 tanks into the UNMEE-monitored Temporary Security Zone with Ethiopia as a "major breach" of the ceasefire agreement that ended the Eritrean-Ethiopian War. ](/news/2006/10/16/united-nations-secretary-general-kofi-annan-condemns-movement-by-eritrea-of-1-500-troops-and-14-tanks-into-the-unmee-monitored-temporary-se.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations Secretary-General_
8. [ Ban Ki-Moon is elected to be the eighth Secretary-General of the United Nations, to succeed Kofi Annan in January 2007. ](/news/2006/10/13/ban-ki-moon-is-elected-to-be-the-eighth-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-to-succeed-kofi-annan-in-january-2007.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations Secretary-General_
9. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict:. United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan tells the Lebanese government that he wants the two Israeli soldiers captured by Hezbollah to be handed to the Red Cross. ](/news/2006/08/28/2006-israel-lebanon-conflict-united-nations-secretary-general-kofi-annan-tells-the-lebanese-government-that-he-wants-the-two-israeli-sold.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations Secretary-General_
10. [ Israeli investigation brings evidence that a buried explosive device caused the Gaza beach blast in which seven Palestenian civilians were killed, rather than an artillery shelling as stated by the Hamas-led Palestenian government. A former Pentagon official paid by the Human Rights Watch organization asserts than an Israeli shelling caused the tragedy. United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan retracts earlier skeptic remarks he made on Israel's position on the incident. Sddeutsche Zeitung reports numerous flaws in the Palestenian footage from the beach, including a dead man later walking around. ](/news/2006/06/13/israeli-investigation-brings-evidence-that-a-buried-explosive-device-caused-the-gaza-beach-blast-in-which-seven-palestenian-civilians-were.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations Secretary-General_
