### [2008-01-8](/news/2008/01/8/index.md)

#  United States presidential election, 2008: Voters in New Hampshire go to the polls for the first primary election to determine presidential nominees for the Democratic and Republican parties. New York Senator Hillary Clinton wins the Democratic primary. Arizona Senator John McCain wins the Republican primary. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2008/POLITICS/01/08/primaries.main/index.html)

### Related:

1. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Arizona Senator John McCain wins the Wisconsin and Washington Republican Party primary election. ](/news/2008/02/19/united-states-presidential-election-2008-p-arizona-senator-john-mccain-wins-the-wisconsin-and-washington-republican-party-primary-election.md) _Context: 2008, Arizona, John McCain, Republican, United States Senate, primary election_
2. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Voters in Florida go to the polls to determine presidential nominees. New York Senator Hillary Clinton wins the Democratic primary with no delegates awarded. ](/news/2008/01/29/united-states-presidential-election-2008-p-voters-in-florida-go-to-the-polls-to-determine-presidential-nominees-p-new-york-senator-hillary.md) _Context: 2008, Hillary Clinton, New York State, United States Senate, Voters_
3. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Mitt Romney wins the Republican Michigan primary with John McCain finishing second. Hillary Clinton wins the Democratic contest but she was the only leading contender in that election. Democratic candidates brace for a competitive primary in Nevada while Republicans contend for the South Carolina primary. ](/news/2008/01/15/united-states-presidential-election-2008-mitt-romney-wins-the-republican-michigan-primary-with-john-mccain-finishing-second-hillary-clin.md) _Context: 2008, Democratic, Hillary Clinton, John McCain, Republican_
4. [ United States Presidential Election, 2008: Senator John McCain (R- AZ) announces his candidacy for president on the ''Late Show with David Letterman''. ](/news/2007/02/28/united-states-presidential-election-2008-senator-john-mccain-r-az-announces-his-candidacy-for-president-on-the-late-show-with-david.md) _Context: 2008, Arizona, John McCain, Republican, United States Senate_
5. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Presidential contender and U. S. Senator Hillary Clinton (D-NY) has called for a 90-day deadline to start withdrawing U.S. troops from Iraq. She states in a video on her website: "If George Bush doesn't end the war before he leaves office, when I'm president, I will." ](/news/2007/02/17/united-states-presidential-election-2008-presidential-contender-and-u-s-senator-hillary-clinton-d-ny-has-called-for-a-90-day-deadline.md) _Context: 2008, Democratic, Hillary Clinton, New York State, United States Senate_
6. [ U.S. election 2008:  Senator Hillary Clinton (D-NY) officially announces her  presidential bid with an exploratory committee. ](/news/2007/01/20/u-s-election-2008-senator-hillary-clinton-d-ny-officially-announces-her-presidential-bid-with-an-exploratory-committee.md) _Context: 2008, Democratic, Hillary Clinton, New York State, United States Senate_
7. [Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders endorses Democratic Party rival Hillary Clinton for president at a rally in New Hampshire, effectively suspending his presidential campaign. ](/news/2016/07/12/vermont-senator-bernie-sanders-endorses-democratic-party-rival-hillary-clinton-for-president-at-a-rally-in-new-hampshire-effectively-suspen.md) _Context: Democratic, Hillary Clinton, New Hampshire, United States Senate_
8. [Elections in the United States; Republican U.S. Senator David Vitter and Democratic state Representative John Bel Edwards top two Republican candidates for spots in the November 21 runoff election. Edwards wins 40 percent and Vitter 23 percent of the primary vote, according to unofficial returns. ](/news/2015/10/25/elections-in-the-united-states-republican-u-s-senator-david-vitter-and-democratic-state-representative-john-bel-edwards-top-two-republican.md) _Context: Democratic, Republican, United States Senate, primary election_
9. [ United States general elections: Democrat Barack Obama wins the 2008 United States presidential election after beating Republican John McCain, becoming the first African American to be elected to the office of President of the United States. ](/news/2008/11/4/united-states-general-elections-p-democrat-barack-obama-wins-the-2008-united-states-presidential-election-after-beating-republican-john-mcc.md) _Context: 2008, Democratic, John McCain, Republican_
10. [ The America's Climate Security Act of 2007, a greenhouse gas emissions reduction bill, stalls in the U.S. Senate after a 48-36 vote fails to invoke cloture on a Republican filibuster. Presidential candidates John McCain and Barack Obama were among six senators absent from the vote who expressed support for the bill. ](/news/2008/06/6/the-america-s-climate-security-act-of-2007-a-greenhouse-gas-emissions-reduction-bill-stalls-in-the-u-s-senate-after-a-48-36-vote-fails-t.md) _Context: 2008, John McCain, Republican, United States Senate_
