### [2008-01-8](/news/2008/01/8/index.md)

#  Voters in New Hampshire go to the polls for the first primary election to determine presidential nominees for the Democratic and Republican parties. New York Senator Hillary Clinton wins the Democratic primary. Arizona Senator John McCain wins the Republican primary. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2008/POLITICS/01/08/primaries.main/index.html)

### Related:

1. [ Arizona Senator John McCain wins the Wisconsin and Washington Republican Party primary election. ](/news/2008/02/19/arizona-senator-john-mccain-wins-the-wisconsin-and-washington-republican-party-primary-election.md) _Context: Arizona, John McCain, Republican, United States Senate, primary election_
2. [Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders endorses Democratic Party rival Hillary Clinton for president at a rally in New Hampshire, effectively suspending his presidential campaign. ](/news/2016/07/12/vermont-senator-bernie-sanders-endorses-democratic-party-rival-hillary-clinton-for-president-at-a-rally-in-new-hampshire-effectively-suspen.md) _Context: Democratic, Hillary Clinton, New Hampshire, United States Senate_
3. [Republican U.S. Senator David Vitter and Democratic state Representative John Bel Edwards top two Republican candidates for spots in the November 21 runoff election. Edwards wins 40 percent and Vitter 23 percent of the primary vote, according to unofficial returns. ](/news/2015/10/25/republican-u-s-senator-david-vitter-and-democratic-state-representative-john-bel-edwards-top-two-republican-candidates-for-spots-in-the-nov.md) _Context: Democratic, Republican, United States Senate, primary election_
4. [ Arizona Senator John McCain wins the Vermont, Texas, Rhode Island, and Ohio Republican primaries, giving him enough delegates to be able to win the Republican Party nomination. ](/news/2008/03/4/arizona-senator-john-mccain-wins-the-vermont-texas-rhode-island-and-ohio-republican-primaries-giving-him-enough-delegates-to-be-able-to.md) _Context: Arizona, John McCain, Republican, United States Senate_
5. [ Voters in Florida go to the polls to determine presidential nominees. New York Senator Hillary Clinton wins the Democratic primary with no delegates awarded. ](/news/2008/01/29/voters-in-florida-go-to-the-polls-to-determine-presidential-nominees-new-york-senator-hillary-clinton-wins-the-democratic-primary-with-no.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, New York State, United States Senate, Voters_
6. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Mitt Romney wins the Republican Michigan primary with John McCain finishing second. Hillary Clinton wins the Democratic contest but she was the only leading contender in that election. Democratic candidates brace for a competitive primary in Nevada while Republicans contend for the South Carolina primary. ](/news/2008/01/15/united-states-presidential-election-2008-mitt-romney-wins-the-republican-michigan-primary-with-john-mccain-finishing-second-hillary-clin.md) _Context: Democratic, Hillary Clinton, John McCain, Republican_
7. [ United States Presidential Election, 2008: Senator John McCain (R- AZ) announces his candidacy for president on the "Late Show with David Letterman". ](/news/2007/02/28/united-states-presidential-election-2008-senator-john-mccain-r-az-announces-his-candidacy-for-president-on-the-late-show-with-david-l.md) _Context: Arizona, John McCain, Republican, United States Senate_
8. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Presidential contender and U. S. Senator Hillary Clinton (D-NY) has called for a 90-day deadline to start withdrawing U.S. troops from Iraq. She states in a video on her website: "If George Bush doesn't end the war before he leaves office, when I'm president, I will." ](/news/2007/02/17/united-states-presidential-election-2008-presidential-contender-and-u-s-senator-hillary-clinton-d-ny-has-called-for-a-90-day-deadline.md) _Context: Democratic, Hillary Clinton, New York State, United States Senate_
9. [ A suspicious brown substance is found in envelope at the Virginia Supreme Court building in Richmond, Virginia, United States, on the same day that Senator John McCain (R-AZ) speaks at the Jefferson Hotel. ](/news/2007/02/12/a-suspicious-brown-substance-is-found-in-envelope-at-the-virginia-supreme-court-building-in-richmond-virginia-united-states-on-the-same.md) _Context: Arizona, John McCain, Republican, United States Senate_
10. [ U.S. election 2008: Senator Hillary Clinton (D-NY) officially announces her presidential bid with an exploratory committee. ](/news/2007/01/20/u-s-election-2008-senator-hillary-clinton-d-ny-officially-announces-her-presidential-bid-with-an-exploratory-committee.md) _Context: Democratic, Hillary Clinton, New York State, United States Senate_
