### [2009-07-14](/news/2009/07/14/index.md)

#  323 people &ndash; 289 Saudis and 41 foreigners &ndash; are sentenced at a court in Saudi Arabia for links to anti-government groups. 

First publicly reported trials since the 2003 attacks involved suspected al-Qaeda members.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2009/07/200971435257658327.html)

### Related:

1. [The President of Indonesia Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono condemns the beheading of an Indonesian maid in Saudi Arabia and condemns the Saudi Government of breaking the "norms and manners" of international relations. ](/news/2011/06/23/the-president-of-indonesia-susilo-bambang-yudhoyono-condemns-the-beheading-of-an-indonesian-maid-in-saudi-arabia-and-condemns-the-saudi-gove.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, government_
2. [Saudi Arabia delays shutting off Research in Motion's BlackBerry instant messaging system allowing for test of a system allowing the Government of Saudi Arabia to monitor user data. ](/news/2010/08/8/saudi-arabia-delays-shutting-off-research-in-motion-s-blackberry-instant-messaging-system-allowing-for-test-of-a-system-allowing-the-governm.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, government_
3. [ The Government of Saudi Arabia announces plans to build a separation barrier between Saudi Arabia and Iraq. The barrier will cost $12 billion to build. ](/news/2006/12/15/the-government-of-saudi-arabia-announces-plans-to-build-a-separation-barrier-between-saudi-arabia-and-iraq-the-barrier-will-cost-12-billi.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, government_
4. [ Guantnamo Bay Qur'an desecration allegations: United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice promises "prompt action" if investigations prove that the Quran was desecrated by U.S. soldiers in Guantnamo Bay, Cuba. The Saudi Arabian government voices its "deep indignation" and has demanded a quick investigation and punishment for the perpetrators if found to be true. Seven people have died in Afghanistan following Anti-American protests in the wake of the allegations. There have also been protests in Pakistan and Indonesia. ](/news/2005/05/13/guantanamo-bay-qur-an-desecration-allegations-united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-promises-prompt-action-if-investigations.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, government_
5. [Saudi Arabia suspends any dialogue with Qatar, accusing it of "distorting facts" in its reporting of yesterday's phone call between the leaders of both countries which suggested a breakthrough in the Gulf dispute was possible. ](/news/2017/09/9/saudi-arabia-suspends-any-dialogue-with-qatar-accusing-it-of-adistorting-factsa-in-its-reporting-of-yesterday-s-phone-call-between-the.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
6. [Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt-bahrain-and-unite.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
7. [Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-of-the-u-s-decisio.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
8. [Human rights activists accuse forces led by Saudi Arabia and the UAE of kidnapping and torturing people during the Yemeni conflict. ](/news/2017/06/9/human-rights-activists-accuse-forces-led-by-saudi-arabia-and-the-uae-of-kidnapping-and-torturing-people-during-the-yemeni-conflict.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
9. [The Saudi Arabia-led bloc against Qatar issues a "terror list" against the peninsula. ](/news/2017/06/8/the-saudi-arabia-led-bloc-against-qatar-issues-a-terror-list-against-the-peninsula.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
10. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
