### [2009-07-14](/news/2009/07/14/index.md)

#  Canada imposes visa requirements to come into effect on July 14 on travellers from Mexico and the Czech Republic after a big jump in refugee claims from these two countries. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/8149351.stm)

### Related:

1. [The United States Congress negotiates a deal to fast track the Trans-Pacific Partnership between the US and Australia, Brunei, Canada, Chile, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru, Singapore and Vietnam. ](/news/2015/04/16/the-united-states-congress-negotiates-a-deal-to-fast-track-the-trans-pacific-partnership-between-the-us-and-australia-brunei-canada-chile.md) _Context: Canada, Mexico_
2. [The United Kingdom announces its refusal to issue visas to a lacrosse team representing the Iroquois Confederacy, whose departure has been delayed since Friday, after the United States Department of State earlier in the day cleared the team's departure with tribal passports. The UK stated that it will only recognise passports from the United States or Canada. ](/news/2010/07/14/the-united-kingdom-announces-its-refusal-to-issue-visas-to-a-lacrosse-team-representing-the-iroquois-confederacy-whose-departure-has-been-d.md) _Context: Canada, visa-free travel_
3. [China surpassed the United States last year as the country with the most clean energy investment. China's clean energy investments were $34.6 billion, compared with U.S.A.'s $18.6 billion last year.  The US still leads the world in installed renewable energy, with 52.2 gigawatts of wind energy, small hydroelectric, biomass and waste generating capacity, per a report by the nonprofit Pew Charitable Trusts, but has dropped below ten other countries, including Canada and Mexico in investments as a share of the national economy.](/news/2010/03/26/china-surpassed-the-united-states-last-year-as-the-country-with-the-most-clean-energy-investment-china-s-clean-energy-investments-were-34.md) _Context: Canada, Mexico_
4. [ Mayor Anders Lago of Sdertlje, Sweden, says that his small city of about 80,000 is currently home to nearly 6,000 Iraqis. "More refugees than the United States and Canada together". ](/news/2008/04/10/mayor-anders-lago-of-sodertalje-sweden-says-that-his-small-city-of-about-80-000-is-currently-home-to-nearly-6-000-iraqis-more-refugees.md) _Context: Canada, refugee_
5. [ A summit between US president George W. Bush, Canadian prime minister Stephen Harper, Mexican president Felipe Caldern, and about 30 CEOs from the three countries begins in the resort town of Montebello, Quebec, near Ottawa. The talks will deal with the Security and Prosperity Partnership of North America. Protesters representing a variety of issues hold demonstrations regarding the exclusion of civil society from the talks and the secrecy of the process; police respond with tear gas. ](/news/2007/08/20/a-summit-between-us-president-george-w-bush-canadian-prime-minister-stephen-harper-mexican-president-felipe-calderon-and-about-30-ceos.md) _Context: Canada, Mexico_
6. [ On the eve of People's Republic of China President Hu Jintao's first visit to North America next week, a PRC foreign ministry spokesman warned against any government providing Taiwan (ROC) with missile defense systems.  Hu Jintao arrives in Washington, D.C. on Monday, then visits Canada and Mexico before visiting the United Nations General Assembly. ](/news/2005/09/1/on-the-eve-of-people-s-republic-of-china-president-hu-jintao-s-first-visit-to-north-america-next-week-a-prc-foreign-ministry-spokesman-war.md) _Context: Canada, Mexico_
7. [ Canada's Federal Court of Appeal denies Chinese businessman Lai Changxing refugee status. China wants him for large-scale smuggling. ](/news/2005/04/15/canada-s-federal-court-of-appeal-denies-chinese-businessman-lai-changxing-refugee-status-china-wants-him-for-large-scale-smuggling.md) _Context: Canada, refugee_
8. [Socorro Flores Liera, Mexico's deputy foreign minister for Latin America and the Caribbean, speaks during an interview with Reuters in Mexico City, that during the first half of 2017, 1,420 Venezuelans have sought asylum in Mexico, a nearly four-fold jump compared to the 361 total Venezuelan asylum applicants for all of 2016, as the result of Venezuela's deepening political and economic crisis. ](/news/2017/08/4/socorro-flores-liera-mexico-s-deputy-foreign-minister-for-latin-america-and-the-caribbean-speaks-during-an-interview-with-reuters-in-mexic.md) _Context: Mexico_
9. [A prison riot between rival gangs in Acapulco, Mexico, leaves at least 28 inmates dead. ](/news/2017/07/6/a-prison-riot-between-rival-gangs-in-acapulco-mexico-leaves-at-least-28-inmates-dead.md) _Context: Mexico_
10. [Winston Blackmore and James Oler, leaders of a polygamist Mormon sect in Canada, are convicted. ](/news/2017/07/24/winston-blackmore-and-james-oler-leaders-of-a-polygamist-mormon-sect-in-canada-are-convicted.md) _Context: Canada_
