### [2009-07-14](/news/2009/07/14/index.md)

#  Japanese Prime Minister Taro Aso survives a vote of no-confidence. 




### Source:

1. [Associated Press](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5hlQO-kyvIEyrc0I90V5l0LFN7JTwD99E3NT00)
2. [Mainichi Daily News](http://mdn.mainichi.jp/mdnnews/national/news/20090714p2g00m0dm026000c.html)

### Related:

1. [ Japanese Prime Minister Taro Aso dissolves the House of Representatives, setting the stage for a general election on August 30. ](/news/2009/07/21/japanese-prime-minister-taro-aso-dissolves-the-house-of-representatives-setting-the-stage-for-a-general-election-on-august-30.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan, Taro Aso_
2. [ U.S. President Obama and Japanese Prime Minister Taro Aso pledge to cooperate in stimulating economic demand and combating protectionism. ](/news/2009/02/24/u-s-president-obama-and-japanese-prime-minister-taro-aso-pledge-to-cooperate-in-stimulating-economic-demand-and-combating-protectionism.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan, Taro Aso_
3. [ Liberal Democratic Party (Japan) leadership election, 2008: Japan's ruling Liberal Democratic Party chooses former Foreign Minister of Japan Taro Aso as the next Prime Minister of Japan replacing Yasuo Fukuda. ](/news/2008/09/22/liberal-democratic-party-japan-leadership-election-2008-japan-s-ruling-liberal-democratic-party-chooses-former-foreign-minister-of-japa.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan, Taro Aso_
4. [ Japanese Cabinet Secretary Shinzo Abe announces that if elected president of the Liberal Democratic Party, and thus Prime Minister, he will propose an amendment to the pacifist Constitution of Japan allowing Japanese troops to be sent overseas. Abe currently leads in polls over candidates Taro Aso and Sadakazu Tanigaki by about 30%. ([http://mdn.mainichi-msn.co.jp/national/news/20060822p2a00m0na016000c.html Mainichi Daily News])](/news/2006/08/22/japanese-cabinet-secretary-shinzo-abe-announces-that-if-elected-president-of-the-liberal-democratic-party-and-thus-prime-minister-he-will.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan, Taro Aso_
5. [ Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi announces his fifth cabinet. Shinzo Abe, former Secretary General of the Liberal Democratic Party, becomes Chief Cabinet Secretary and is widely speculated to be Koizumi's chosen successor. Former Interior Minister Taro Aso becomes Foreign Minister, and is replaced by former economic advisor Heizo Takenaka. ](/news/2005/10/31/japanese-prime-minister-junichiro-koizumi-announces-his-fifth-cabinet-shinzo-abe-former-secretary-general-of-the-liberal-democratic-party.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan, Taro Aso_
6. [Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe makes a landmark visit to Naval Station Pearl Harbor in Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, offering "sincere and everlasting condolences" to the victims of the attack on Pearl Harbor by the Japanese empire on December 7, 1941. ](/news/2016/12/27/japanese-prime-minister-shinza-abe-makes-a-landmark-visit-to-naval-station-pearl-harbor-in-pearl-harbor-hawaii-offering-sincere-and-ever.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan_
7. [Japan's emperor and prime minister attend a memorial service marking the fifth anniversary of the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami in which 15,894 people died and caused the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster.  Many people remain displaced and recovery efforts are ongoing. ](/news/2016/03/11/japanas-emperor-and-prime-minister-attend-a-memorial-service-marking-the-fifth-anniversary-of-the-2011-tahoku-earthquake-and-tsunami-in-w.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan_
8. [Japan and South Korea agree to 'irreversibly' resolve a long-running dispute over Korean women the Japanese military used as sex slaves during World War II. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will issue a formal apology to the so-called "comfort women." Tokyo will set up an aid fund of about 1 billion yen ($8.3 million). ](/news/2015/12/28/japan-and-south-korea-agree-to-irreversibly-resolve-a-long-running-dispute-over-korean-women-the-japanese-military-used-as-sex-slaves-duri.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan_
9. [In Tokyo, Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull says his country is "very disappointed" with Japan's decision to resume whaling, but this dispute should not be allowed to hurt the two countries' special strategic ties. Malcolm Turnbull, who replaced Tony Abbott in September,  is on his first visit to Japan which will include talks with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. ](/news/2015/12/18/in-tokyo-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-says-his-country-is-avery-disappointeda-with-japanas-decision-to-resume-whaling.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan_
10. [The Japanese economy goes into recession for the second time since the election of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. ](/news/2015/11/16/the-japanese-economy-goes-into-recession-for-the-second-time-since-the-election-of-prime-minister-shinzo-abe.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan_
