### [2009-07-14](/news/2009/07/14/index.md)

#  Judy Chu wins the 32nd congressional district special election, becoming the first Chinese American woman elected to the U.S. House of Representatives. 

Judy Chu can trace the beginnings of her career as a San Gabriel Valley activist and political leader back to the early 1970s and her freshman year in college.As the young math major, intent on a...


### Source:

1. [Los Angeles  Times](http://www.latimes.com/news/local/la-me-judy-chu16-2009jul16,0,2984735.story)

### Related:

1. [The Congressional Budget Office predicts that in the next decade, the new health care bill recently approved by the U.S. House of Representatives will reduce the federal deficit by $120 billion and leave 23 million more Americans uninsured, as opposed to current law. ](/news/2017/05/24/the-congressional-budget-office-predicts-that-in-the-next-decade-the-new-health-care-bill-recently-approved-by-the-u-s-house-of-representa.md) _Context: U.S. House of Representatives_
2. [The Republican Party-controlled U.S. House of Representatives votes to raise the government's borrowing limit for the next year, without attaching conditions, and sends the measure to the Senate for approval. ](/news/2014/02/11/the-republican-party-controlled-u-s-house-of-representatives-votes-to-raise-the-government-s-borrowing-limit-for-the-next-year-without-att.md) _Context: U.S. House of Representatives_
3. [Republican U.S. House of Representatives member Bill Young of Florida dies in office. ](/news/2013/10/18/republican-u-s-house-of-representatives-member-bill-young-of-florida-dies-in-office.md) _Context: U.S. House of Representatives_
4. [The U.S. House of Representatives voted overwhelmingly to end a Jackson-Vanik amendment, long-standing trade restriction with Russia. Also Magnitsky Law was adopted instead, it requires the United States to place financial and visa restrictions on a list of officials associated with the torture and death, three years ago, of Sergei Magnitsky. ([http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/europe/russia-chafes-as-house-passes-magnitsky-bill/2012/11/16/b589e544-300f-11e2-a30e-5ca76eeec857_story.html Washington Post])](/news/2012/11/16/the-u-s-house-of-representatives-voted-overwhelmingly-to-end-a-jacksonavanik-amendment-long-standing-trade-restriction-with-russia-also.md) _Context: U.S. House of Representatives_
5. [Former CEO of MF Global, Jon Corzine, testifies to a committee of the U.S. House of Representatives that he doesn't know what happened to the hundreds of millions of dollars of customers' money, supposedly in segregated accounts, that appears to be missing. ](/news/2011/12/8/former-ceo-of-mf-global-jon-corzine-testifies-to-a-committee-of-the-u-s-house-of-representatives-that-he-doesn-t-know-what-happened-to-th.md) _Context: U.S. House of Representatives_
6. [In the U.S., the Agriculture Committee of the U.S. House of Representatives votes to issue a subpoena to Jon Corzine, former Governor of New Jersey, in connection with the collapse of MF Global and the disappearance of customer funds. ](/news/2011/12/2/in-the-u-s-the-agriculture-committee-of-the-u-s-house-of-representatives-votes-to-issue-a-subpoena-to-jon-corzine-former-governor-of-new.md) _Context: U.S. House of Representatives_
7. [A Chinese court upholds an eight year sentence for "stealing state secrets" for Chinese American geologist Xue Feng. ](/news/2011/02/18/a-chinese-court-upholds-an-eight-year-sentence-for-stealing-state-secrets-for-chinese-american-geologist-xue-feng.md) _Context: Chinese American_
8. [Authorities in China sentence Chinese-American geologist Xue Feng to 8 years in prison for "selling state secrets"; the U.S. expresses "dismay" at the sentence. ](/news/2010/07/5/authorities-in-china-sentence-chinese-american-geologist-xue-feng-to-8-years-in-prison-for-selling-state-secrets-the-u-s-expresses-dism.md) _Context: Chinese American_
9. [Twenty-one-term U.S. Rep. Dave Obey, a Wisconsin Democrat and chairman of the House Appropriations Committee, announces he will not run for re-election in November. ](/news/2010/05/5/twenty-one-term-u-s-rep-dave-obey-a-wisconsin-democrat-and-chairman-of-the-house-appropriations-committee-announces-he-will-not-run-for.md) _Context: U.S. House of Representatives_
10. [ The trial of William Jefferson, a former member of the U.S. House of Representatives, on charges of bribery and racketeering gets underway. ](/news/2009/06/9/the-trial-of-william-jefferson-a-former-member-of-the-u-s-house-of-representatives-on-charges-of-bribery-and-racketeering-gets-underway.md) _Context: U.S. House of Representatives_
