### [2009-07-14](/news/2009/07/14/index.md)

#  The World Health Organization reports that yields for an H1N1 virus vaccine are lower than expected. 




### Source:

1. [ (CTV](http://www.ctv.ca/servlet/ArticleNews/story/CTVNews/20090713/vaccine_090713/20090713?hub=Health|)

### Related:

1. [ The first vaccine for H1N1 swine flu virus strain has been made by Novartis in Marburg, Germany. ](/news/2009/07/2/the-first-vaccine-for-h1n1-swine-flu-virus-strain-has-been-made-by-novartis-in-marburg-germany.md) _Context: H1N1, vaccine_
2. [ The World Health Organization reports that worldwide polio cases rose by more than one-third in 2004, from 784 in 2003 to 1,185 last year. The increase is attributed to a boycott on vaccines in Kano, Nigeria led by a group of hard-line Islamic clerics who claim that vaccines are part of an American conspiracy. ](/news/2005/01/14/the-world-health-organization-reports-that-worldwide-polio-cases-rose-by-more-than-one-third-in-2004-from-784-in-2003-to-1-185-last-year.md) _Context: World Health Organization, vaccine_
3. [Doctors at the U.S. Centers for Disease Control are worried that the 2003-2004 influenza season will be the worst in years. Early signs indicate that a particularly virulent strain of the flu virus that is not well-covered by this year's vaccine is hitting hard in some states. Young children and the elderly have been urged to receive the vaccine, doses of which are running low. [http://www.startribune.com/stories/484/4256831.html]](/news/2003/12/9/doctors-at-the-u-s-centers-for-disease-control-are-worried-that-the-2003-2004-influenza-season-will-be-the-worst-in-years-early-signs-indi.md) _Context: vaccine, virus_
4. [According to the World Health Organization, antibiotic resistance is on the rise in strains of gonorrhoea. It says that there is a need to prevent the spread of these bacteria, recommending usage of condoms and an increase in research and development funding. ](/news/2017/07/7/according-to-the-world-health-organization-antibiotic-resistance-is-on-the-rise-in-strains-of-gonorrhoea-it-says-that-there-is-a-need-to-p.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
5. [Health in France: France plans to make vaccines mandatory for children in 2018. ](/news/2017/07/5/health-in-france-france-plans-to-make-vaccines-mandatory-for-children-in-2018.md) _Context: vaccine_
6. [The World Health Organization (WHO) elects former Ethopian Foreign Minister and Health Minister Dr. Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus as the international organization's new Director-General succeeding Dr. Margaret Chan, who has been in office since 2006. Tedros is the first African Director-General and the first non-medical doctor; he has a PhD in Community Health from the University of Nottingham. ](/news/2017/05/23/the-world-health-organization-who-elects-former-ethopian-foreign-minister-and-health-minister-dr-tedros-adhanom-ghebreyesus-as-the-intern.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
7. [2015-16 Zika virus epidemic: The federal government of Brazil informs the World Health Organization that it is ending its state of emergency concerning the Zika virus, following a 95.3% reduction in cases in early 2017 compared to early 2016. ](/news/2017/05/11/2015-16-zika-virus-epidemic-the-federal-government-of-brazil-informs-the-world-health-organization-that-it-is-ending-its-state-of-emergen.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
8. [2016 influenza A virus subtype H5N8 outbreak: Avian flu virus H5N8 outbreaks are reported in birds in India, Germany, Finland, Ireland, the Netherlands, and several other European nations. The World Health Organization advised on 17 November that human infection is possible, but unlikely, based on information available. ](/news/2016/11/26/2016-influenza-a-virus-subtype-h5n8-outbreak-avian-flu-virus-h5n8-outbreaks-are-reported-in-birds-in-india-germany-finland-ireland-the.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
9. [Zika virus outbreak: The World Health Organization declares an end to its global health crisis over the spread of the Zika virus as it has been shown to be a dangerous mosquito-borne disease like malaria or yellow fever. ](/news/2016/11/18/zika-virus-outbreak-the-world-health-organization-declares-an-end-to-its-global-health-crisis-over-the-spread-of-the-zika-virus-as-it-has-b.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
10. [2015-16 Zika virus epidemic: The World Health Organization warns that the Zika virus will continue to spread across Asia with cases already reported in Singapore and Thailand. ](/news/2016/10/11/2015-16-zika-virus-epidemic-the-world-health-organization-warns-that-the-zika-virus-will-continue-to-spread-across-asia-with-cases-alread.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
