### [2016-04-13](/news/2016/04/13/index.md)

# 2014-16 El Nino event: Indian officials report, with 24 deaths today, the heatwave in the eastern state of Odisha has killed 135 people. Temperatures of 105.5degF (40.8degC) were recorded yesterday at 19 locations across the state. Meteorologists say the heat, an after-effect of El Nino, has delayed the traditional April rains. 




### Source:

1. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/World-News/2016/04/13/India-heatwave-death-toll-rises-to-135/3471460555447/?spt=hs&or=tn_int)

### Related:

1. [A bus carrying members of the Bharati Gananatya opera troupe crashes into a gorge in India's Odisha state resulting in 25 people killed and 11 injured. ](/news/2016/04/17/a-bus-carrying-members-of-the-bharati-gananatya-opera-troupe-crashes-into-a-gorge-in-india-s-odisha-state-resulting-in-25-people-killed-and.md) _Context: India, Odisha_
2. [2014-16 El Nino event: A severe heat wave grips Malaysia as much of Southeast Asia struggles with unusually hot and dry weather created by the El Nino season. Temperatures in Malaysia soared above 37degC, prompting more than 250 schools to close. ](/news/2016/04/11/2014-16-el-nia-o-event-a-severe-heat-wave-grips-malaysia-as-much-of-southeast-asia-struggles-with-unusually-hot-and-dry-weather-created-b.md) _Context: 2014-16 El Nino event, El Nino_
3. [Five people are killed and thirty eight injured in a road accident in the eastern Indian state of Odisha. ](/news/2013/05/23/five-people-are-killed-and-thirty-eight-injured-in-a-road-accident-in-the-eastern-indian-state-of-odisha.md) _Context: India, Odisha_
4. [2017 Khatauli train derailment: A train derails near Khatauli, Uttar Pradesh, India, resulting in at least 23 deaths and 156 injuries. ](/news/2017/08/19/2017-khatauli-train-derailment-a-train-derails-near-khatauli-uttar-pradesh-india-resulting-in-at-least-23-deaths-and-156-injuries.md) _Context: India_
5. [August 2017 Nepal and India floods: Flooding in South Asia has displaced tens of thousands of people and resulted in an estimated 500 deaths across India, Bangladesh, and Nepal. ](/news/2017/08/18/august-2017-nepal-and-india-floods-flooding-in-south-asia-has-displaced-tens-of-thousands-of-people-and-resulted-in-an-estimated-500-deaths.md) _Context: India_
6. [2016-17 Rohingya persecution in Myanmar: India announces that it is to deport an estimated 40,000 Rohingya refugees including 14,000 of those registered with the U.N. refugee agency. In the months leading up to the announcement, a string of anti-Rohingya protests had been held in the country.](/news/2017/08/14/2016-17-rohingya-persecution-in-myanmar-india-announces-that-it-is-to-deport-an-estimated-40-000-rohingya-refugees-including-14-000-of-th.md) _Context: India_
7. [2017 China-India border standoff: India increases its military alert amid a border standoff with the People's Liberation Army of China at Doklam. ](/news/2017/08/12/2017-china-india-border-standoff-india-increases-its-military-alert-amid-a-border-standoff-with-the-people-s-liberation-army-of-china-at.md) _Context: India_
8. [2017 Doklam crisis: Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ](/news/2017/07/6/2017-doklam-crisis-despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhu.md) _Context: India_
9. [China-India relations: Bhutan-China relations: Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/china-india-relations-bhutan-china-relations-amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india.md) _Context: India_
10. [China-India relations: Bhutan-China relations: Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via "India Today" urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. "[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]"](/news/2017/07/3/china-india-relations-bhutan-china-relations-amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a.md) _Context: India_
