### [2016-04-13](/news/2016/04/13/index.md)

# 2015-16 protests in Brazil. The Progressive Party announces it is leaving President Dilma Rousseff's coalition government and that its 47 politicians would support her impeachment. 




### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/04/brazil-dilma-rousseff-loses-coalition-partner-160413134906687.html)

### Related:

1. [2015-16 protests in Brazil. Marco Aurelio Mello, a Supreme Federal Court judge orders Brazil's Chamber of Deputies to start impeachment proceedings against Vice President Michel Temer over charges he helped doctor budget accounting as part of President Dilma Rousseff's administration. ](/news/2016/04/5/2015-16-protests-in-brazil-marco-aura-c-lio-mello-a-supreme-federal-court-judge-orders-brazil-s-chamber-of-deputies-to-start-impeachment-p.md) _Context: 2015-16 protests in Brazil, Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff_
2. [2015-16 protests in Brazil. Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff. A committee of Brazil's Chamber of Deputies votes 38-27 to recommend the impeachment of President Dilma Rousseff, who faces charges of breaking budget laws to support her re-election in 2014. ](/news/2016/04/11/2015-16-protests-in-brazil-impeachment-process-against-dilma-rousseff-a-committee-of-brazil-s-chamber-of-deputies-votes-38-27-to-recomme.md) _Context: 2015-16 protests in Brazil, Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff_
3. [2015-16 protests in Brazil. President Dilma Rousseff loses another key member of the country's 2016 Summer Olympics organization. Colonel Adilson Moreira of the National Public Security Force, who was in charge of organizing security, in an email to his colleagues reportedly criticizes the President and other senior officials, saying he is ashamed of the country's being led by an "unscrupulous group." Brazilian officials, who earlier received Sports Minister George Hilton's resignation, say the planning for the Olympic Games will not be affected. ](/news/2016/04/1/2015-16-protests-in-brazil-president-dilma-rousseff-loses-another-key-member-of-the-country-s-2016-summer-olympics-organization-colonel.md) _Context: 2015-16 protests in Brazil, Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff_
4. [2015-16 protests in Brazil. A legal request has been filed to impeach Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff for obstructing justice and fiscal accounting tricks, the second impeachment request against her. In response to the request, Minister of Tourism Henrique Eduardo Alves turned in a resignation letter while the Brazilian Democratic Movement Party is expected to hold a party vote on whether or not to leave Rousseff's coalition government. ](/news/2016/03/29/2015-16-protests-in-brazil-a-legal-request-has-been-filed-to-impeach-brazilian-president-dilma-rousseff-for-obstructing-justice-and-fisca.md) _Context: 2015-16 protests in Brazil, Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff_
5. [2015-16 protests in Brazil. Brazil President Dilma Rousseff says she will not resign under any circumstances because she hadn't committed a crime, and equated a bid to impeach her to a coup d'etat against democratic rule. A congressional impeachment committee has started hearings. Rousseff could be suspended if the Chamber of Deputies approves the motion to impeach. The president urged the Supreme Court to remain impartial in this political crisis. ](/news/2016/03/22/2015-16-protests-in-brazil-brazil-president-dilma-rousseff-says-she-will-not-resign-under-any-circumstances-because-she-hadn-t-committed.md) _Context: 2015-16 protests in Brazil, Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff_
6. [2015-16 protests in Brazil. A survey conducted by Datafolha shows a majority of Brazilians now favor the impeachment or resignation of President Dilma Rousseff. The poll showed 68 percent of respondents favor Rousseff's impeachment by Congress, while 65 percent think the president should resign. The president's approval ratings have been hammered by Brazil's worst recession in decades and its biggest ever corruption probe. ](/news/2016/03/19/2015-16-protests-in-brazil-a-survey-conducted-by-datafolha-shows-a-majority-of-brazilians-now-favor-the-impeachment-or-resignation-of-pre.md) _Context: 2015-16 protests in Brazil, Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff_
7. [2015-16 protests in Brazil. Operation Car Wash. Brazilian Supreme Court Justice Gilmar Mendes rules Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva should be stripped of a ministerial role in President Dilma Rousseff's Cabinet so he can be investigated in connection with the state oil company Petrobras's alleged kickback scheme. Earlier today, injunctions suspending Lula's appointment as chief of staff were overturned at Attorney General Jose Eduardo Cardozo's request for a Supreme Court ruling on the motions. ](/news/2016/03/18/2015-16-protests-in-brazil-operation-car-wash-brazilian-supreme-court-justice-gilmar-mendes-rules-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-should-be-s.md) _Context: 2015-16 protests in Brazil, Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff_
8. [2015-16 protests in Brazil. Clashes erupt outside the presidential palace in Brazil's capital Brasilia between anti-Workers' Party protesters and supporters of ex-president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva, where he was due to be sworn in as President of Brazil Dilma Rousseff's chief of staff. Hundreds of anti-government protesters calling for Rousseff's impeachment and Lula's arrest also blocked the central Paulista Avenue in SGBPo Paulo, Brazil's largest city and economic hub. ](/news/2016/03/17/2015-16-protests-in-brazil-clashes-erupt-outside-the-presidential-palace-in-brazil-s-capital-brasalia-between-anti-workers-party-protes.md) _Context: 2015-16 protests in Brazil, Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff_
9. [Corruption in Brazil. Brazil's Superior Electoral Court reopens the illegal campaign funding case against President Michel Temer, who was the vice presidential candidate on former President Dilma Rousseff's ticket in 2014. Temer became president in August 2016 when Rousseff was impeached, and could be unseated if the court annuls the Rousseff-Temer election victory. ](/news/2017/06/6/corruption-in-brazil-brazil-s-superior-electoral-court-reopens-the-illegal-campaign-funding-case-against-president-michel-temer-who-was-th.md) _Context: Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff_
10. [Corruption in Brazil. The Brazilian Supreme Federal Court releases a plea bargain testimony from JBS S.A., revealing that the company paid 500 million reais in bribes to politicians, including current President Michel Temer and his predecessors Dilma and Lula. ](/news/2017/05/19/corruption-in-brazil-the-brazilian-supreme-federal-court-releases-a-plea-bargain-testimony-from-jbs-s-a-revealing-that-the-company-paid-5.md) _Context: Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff_
