### [2016-04-13](/news/2016/04/13/index.md)

# Indian officials report, with 24 deaths today, the heatwave in the eastern state of Odisha has killed 135 people.  Temperatures of 105.5degF (40.8degC) were recorded yesterday at 19 locations across the state. Meteorologists say the heat, an after-effect of El Nino, has delayed the traditional April rains. 




### Source:

1. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/World-News/2016/04/13/India-heatwave-death-toll-rises-to-135/3471460555447/?spt=hs&or=tn_int)

### Related:

1. [A bus carrying members of the Bharati Gananatya opera troupe crashes into a gorge in India's Odisha state resulting in 25 people killed and 11 injured. ](/news/2016/04/17/a-bus-carrying-members-of-the-bharati-gananatya-opera-troupe-crashes-into-a-gorge-in-india-s-odisha-state-resulting-in-25-people-killed-and.md) _Context: India, Odisha_
2. [A severe heat wave grips Malaysia as much of Southeast Asia struggles with unusually  hot and dry weather created by the El Nino season. Temperatures in Malaysia soared above 37degC, prompting more than 250 schools to close. ](/news/2016/04/11/a-severe-heat-wave-grips-malaysia-as-much-of-southeast-asia-struggles-with-unusually-hot-and-dry-weather-created-by-the-el-nia-o-season-te.md) _Context: 2014-16 El Nino event, El Nino_
3. [Five people are killed and thirty eight injured in a road accident in the eastern Indian state of Odisha. ](/news/2013/05/23/five-people-are-killed-and-thirty-eight-injured-in-a-road-accident-in-the-eastern-indian-state-of-odisha.md) _Context: India, Odisha_
4. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims it has a "basic consensus" with Bhutan and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/no-dispute-with-bhutan-in-doklam-china/articleshow/59456533.cms (The Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-it.md) _Context: India_
5. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
6. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
7. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: India_
8. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan, China releases a map detailing pieces of land claimed by Bhutan and India as belonging to China. China claims, via the map, that territory up until Gipmochi belongs to China and claims it's supported by the 1890 Convention of Calcutta. ](/news/2017/07/1/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-china-releases-a-map-detailing-pieces-of-land-claimed-by-bhutan-and-india-as-belon.md) _Context: India_
9. [China informs India that it must withdraw its troops for any dialogue to occur as tensions rise between China and India and Bhutan over the disputed territory of Doklam. ](/news/2017/06/30/china-informs-india-that-it-must-withdraw-its-troops-for-any-dialogue-to-occur-as-tensions-rise-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the.md) _Context: India_
10. [Amid a stand-off between China and India in the Indian state of Sikkim, Bhutan protests to China over the construction of a road in the disputed territory of Doklam, a meeting point for all three countries' borders. ](/news/2017/06/29/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-in-the-indian-state-of-sikkim-bhutan-protests-to-china-over-the-construction-of-a-road-in-the-disp.md) _Context: India_
