### [2016-04-13](/news/2016/04/13/index.md)

# Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards signs an anti-discrimination order protecting the rights of gay and transgender people that rescinds one his immediate predecessor, Bobby Jindal, signed that sought to limit same-sex marriage rights and the ability of transgender people to choose which public restrooms they may use. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters via Huffington Post](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/louisiana-lgbt-anti-discrimination_us_570e7a6be4b0ffa5937dcc96)

### Related:

1. [Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards declares a state of emergency as over 17 inches of rain (43 cm) causes unprecedented flooding across the region and takes at least three lives in his state, with more rain expected through Sunday. ](/news/2016/08/13/louisiana-governor-john-bel-edwards-declares-a-state-of-emergency-as-over-17-inches-of-rain-43-cm-causes-unprecedented-flooding-across-the.md) _Context: John Bel Edwards, Louisiana Governor_
2. [A group of United States mayors forms ""Mayors Against Discrimination"" in the wake of recent discriminatory laws enacted in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminatory-laws-enacted-in-north-carolina.md) _Context: LGBT rights in the United States, gay and transgender people_
3. [Democratic state Representative John Bel Edwards, the surprise winner of the October 24 open primary, is elected governor of Louisiana over Republican U.S. Senator David Vitter. Edwards' margin is 140,931 votes (56.11 percent), all 3,945 precincts reporting. Edwards will replace former Republican presidential candidate Bobby Jindal, who was not eligible to seek another term. ](/news/2015/11/21/democratic-state-representative-john-bel-edwards-the-surprise-winner-of-the-october-24-open-primary-is-elected-governor-of-louisiana-over.md) _Context: Bobby Jindal, John Bel Edwards_
4. [Voters in Louisiana go to the polls to elect its next governor. The winner will succeed Bobby Jindal, who is in his second and final term, and is a candidate for the Republican nomination in the 2016 presidential election. ](/news/2015/10/24/voters-in-louisiana-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-its-next-governor-the-winner-will-succeed-bobby-jindal-who-is-in-his-second-and-final-term-a.md) _Context: Bobby Jindal, Louisiana Governor_
5. [ The full 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Chicago rules (8-3) that the 1964 Civil Rights Act protects LGBT employees from workplace discrimination. ](/news/2017/04/4/the-full-7th-u-s-circuit-court-of-appeals-in-chicago-rules-8-3-that-the-1964-civil-rights-act-protects-lgbt-employees-from-workplace-dis.md) _Context: LGBT rights in the United States_
6. [A bill that punishes hate crimes against law enforcement is signed by Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards. It is the first state to pass such a law. ](/news/2016/05/26/a-bill-that-punishes-hate-crimes-against-law-enforcement-is-signed-by-louisiana-governor-john-bel-edwards-it-is-the-first-state-to-pass-suc.md) _Context: John Bel Edwards_
7. [The Mississippi Hospitality and Restaurant Association, in response to the potential backlash from Mississippi Governor Phil Bryant's signing of the known-as "religious freedom" bill which permits denial of services because of religious belief, will distribute decals that say "Everyone's Welcome Here." Mike Cashion, MHRA director, says the bill "created a level of controversy" that affects Mississippi's image. ](/news/2016/04/7/the-mississippi-hospitality-and-restaurant-association-in-response-to-the-potential-backlash-from-mississippi-governor-phil-bryant-s-signin.md) _Context: LGBT rights in the United States_
8. [Mississippi Governor Phil Bryant approves a new law that allows religious groups and private businesses to deny services to gay and transgender people. ](/news/2016/04/5/mississippi-governor-phil-bryant-approves-a-new-law-that-allows-religious-groups-and-private-businesses-to-deny-services-to-gay-and-transgen.md) _Context: LGBT rights in the United States_
9. [ North Carolina Governor Pat McCrory signs Executive Order 73 that addresses some, but not all, troublesome provisions in House Bill 2 that caused businesses, traveling recording stars, etc., to stay clear of the state. The order does expand the state's anti-discrimination employment policy to include LBGT protection, but reiterates that people use the marked facility consistent with "... their biological sex." The American Civil Liberties Union says the order, "... fall(s) far short of correcting the damage done ... (and that)... transgender people are still explicitly targeted by being forced to use the wrong restroom." Equality North Carolina says, "... the order doubles down on the Governor's support for some of the most problematic provisions of HB2." ](/news/2016/04/12/north-carolina-governor-pat-mccrory-signs-executive-order-73-that-addresses-some-but-not-all-troublesome-provisions-in-house-bill-2-that.md) _Context: gay and transgender people_
10. [The Governor of Louisiana Bobby Jindal ends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination. ](/news/2015/11/17/the-governor-of-louisiana-bobby-jindal-ends-his-campaign-for-the-republican-party-nomination.md) _Context: Bobby Jindal_
