### [2016-04-13](/news/2016/04/13/index.md)

# Moro Conflict: Battle of Tipo-Tipo: ISIL claims responsibility for clashes between militants linked to the group and the Philippine Army that claimed 23 lives. 

PHILIPPINES-ISLAMIC STATE/ (URGENT):Islamic state claims Philippines attack that killed 23 -IS statement


### Source:

1. [Reuters via Trust](http://news.trust.org/item/20160413165532-gquks)

### Related:

1. [Moro Conflict: Operation Enduring Freedom - Philippines: Philippine security forces kill as many as 42 ISIL-linked militants, and captures their stronghold in the predominantly Muslim Lanao del Sur province. Three Philippine Army soldiers were also killed during the fighting. ](/news/2016/02/26/moro-conflict-operation-enduring-freedom-philippines-philippine-security-forces-kill-as-many-as-42-isil-linked-militants-and-captures.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Moro conflict, army_
2. [Moro conflict: At least 12 Philippine Army soldiers die in clashes with the Abu Sayyaf. ](/news/2016/08/29/moro-conflict-at-least-12-philippine-army-soldiers-die-in-clashes-with-the-abu-sayyaf.md) _Context: Moro conflict, army_
3. [Moro conflict: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants break free supporters from a Marawi jail in the Philippines. ](/news/2016/08/28/moro-conflict-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-militants-break-free-supporters-from-a-marawi-jail-in-the-philippines.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Moro conflict_
4. [Moro conflict: The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant urges its supporters in Indonesia and Malaysia to go to the Philippines and fight against newly-elected president Rodrigo Duterte. ](/news/2016/06/25/moro-conflict-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-urges-its-supporters-in-indonesia-and-malaysia-to-go-to-the-philippines-and-fight-ag.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Moro conflict_
5. [Moro conflict: The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant declares war on the Philippines. ](/news/2016/06/22/moro-conflict-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-declares-war-on-the-philippines.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Moro conflict_
6. [Moro attacks on Sabah: Moro Conflict: Four Sarawakian Malaysians are kidnapped off the coast of Sabah by suspected members of the Abu Sayyaf, a group linked to the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2016/04/3/moro-attacks-on-sabah-moro-conflict-four-sarawakian-malaysians-are-kidnapped-off-the-coast-of-sabah-by-suspected-members-of-the-abu-sayyaf.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Moro conflict_
7. [Moro conflict: Abu Sayyaf militants, who threatened to kill three foreigners kidnapped in September, 2015, from a "high-end" Philippine resort, unless they were paid 900 million pesos (17 mil Euros) by midnight today (15:00 UTC), have beheaded one of the hostages, Canadian John Ridsdel. Philippine President Benigno Aquino III had ordered an all-out effort to rescue the hostages, including a Philippine woman, kidnapped by the Daesh-linked group. ](/news/2016/04/25/moro-conflict-abu-sayyaf-militants-who-threatened-to-kill-three-foreigners-kidnapped-in-september-2015-from-a-high-end-philippine-reso.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Moro conflict_
8. [Moro conflict: Philippine officials report four Indonesian sailors were kidnapped last night off the Philippines' southernmost town of Sitangkai, Tawi-Tawi, near Malaysia's Sabah state. Seven gunmen in a blue speedboat attacked two Indonesian-flagged tugboats. Six other sailors, including one who was shot, were not taken by ISIL-linked Abu Sayyaf militants. ](/news/2016/04/16/moro-conflict-philippine-officials-report-four-indonesian-sailors-were-kidnapped-last-night-off-the-philippines-southernmost-town-of-sitan.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Moro conflict_
9. [Iraqi Civil War: Battle of Tal Afar (2017): Iraqi security forces, along with Shi'ite volunteers and Kurdish Peshmerga fighters, launch a ground offensive to take the city of Tal Afar back from Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. The city has been isolated from the rest of the ISIL-held territory since the recent Mosul liberation. ](/news/2017/08/20/iraqi-civil-war-battle-of-tal-afar-2017-iraqi-security-forces-along-with-shi-ite-volunteers-and-kurdish-peshmerga-fighters-launch-a-gr.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon: The Lebanese Armed Forces launches operation "Fajr al-Joroud", and on the first day recaptures 30 km of territory near the Lebanon-Syria border formerly occupied by ISIS militants. Twenty ISIS militants were killed and 10 Lebanese soldiers were wounded. ](/news/2017/08/19/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-the-lebanese-armed-forces-launches-operation-fajr-al-joroud-and-on-the-first-day-recaptures-30-km.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
