### [2016-04-13](/news/2016/04/13/index.md)

# The United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention confirms that the Zika virus causes birth defects like microcephaly. 

The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) said Wednesday evening that new data suggests the mosquito-borne Zika virus is a cause of birth defects like microcephaly, a costly and life-threatening condition that is ravaging Brazil and has impacted nearly 5,000 children in the country.


### Source:

1. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/health/2016/04/13/cdc-says-its-now-clear-that-zika-virus-causes-microcephaly.html)
1. [Cover Image](http://a57.foxnews.com/images.foxnews.com/content/fox-news/health/2016/04/13/cdc-says-its-now-clear-that-zika-virus-causes-microcephaly/_jcr_content/par/featured-media/media-0.img.jpg/0/0/1460581457204.jpg?ve=1)

### Related:

1. [The United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is investigating 14 cases where the Zika virus may have been sexually transmitted. ](/news/2016/02/23/the-united-states-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-is-investigating-14-cases-where-the-zika-virus-may-have-been-sexually-transmitt.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, United States, Zika virus, Zika virus outbreak (2015-present)_
2. [ The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports at that least 270 pregnant women in the United States are infected with the Zika virus. ](/news/2016/05/20/the-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-reports-at-that-least-270-pregnant-women-in-the-united-states-are-infected-with-the-zika-vir.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, United States, Zika virus_
3. [ The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports the first Zika virus related death in the United States, an elderly man in Puerto Rico. ](/news/2016/04/29/the-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-reports-the-first-zika-virus-related-death-in-the-united-states-an-elderly-man-in-puerto-ri.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Zika virus, Zika virus outbreak (2015-present)_
4. [The World Health Organization cautions pregnant women against traveling to areas where there is ongoing transmission of Zika virus, echoing earlier alerts from the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and other health agencies in areas where virus infection has been prevalent. Director General Margaret Chan says evidence strongly suggests sexual transmission is more common than previously assumed. ](/news/2016/03/8/the-world-health-organization-cautions-pregnant-women-against-traveling-to-areas-where-there-is-ongoing-transmission-of-zika-virus-echoing.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Zika virus, Zika virus outbreak (2015-present)_
5. [The first Zika virus case is confirmed in the U.S. state of New Hampshire. ](/news/2016/03/1/the-first-zika-virus-case-is-confirmed-in-the-u-s-state-of-new-hampshire.md) _Context: United States, Zika virus, Zika virus outbreak (2015-present)_
6. [Texas confirms its first case of locally transmitted Zika virus by mosquitoes, becoming the second U.S. state to report a local transmission of the virus after Florida. The Texas Department of State Health Services says the case involves a woman living in Cameron County, who is not pregnant. ](/news/2016/11/28/texas-confirms-its-first-case-of-locally-transmitted-zika-virus-by-mosquitoes-becoming-the-second-u-s-state-to-report-a-local-transmission.md) _Context: United States, Zika virus_
7. [Vietnam reports its first microcephaly case likely to be linked to the Zika virus. ](/news/2016/10/30/vietnam-reports-its-first-microcephaly-case-likely-to-be-linked-to-the-zika-virus.md) _Context: Zika virus, microcephaly_
8. [Thailand authorities investigate what could be the first cases of Zika virus-linked microcephaly in Southeast Asia. ](/news/2016/09/27/thailand-authorities-investigate-what-could-be-the-first-cases-of-zika-virus-linked-microcephaly-in-southeast-asia.md) _Context: Zika virus, microcephaly_
9. [The United States declares a public health emergency in Puerto Rico over an outbreak of the Zika virus which has infected nearly 11,000 people. ](/news/2016/08/12/the-united-states-declares-a-public-health-emergency-in-puerto-rico-over-an-outbreak-of-the-zika-virus-which-has-infected-nearly-11-000-peop.md) _Context: United States, Zika virus_
10. [More than 150 prominent scientists worldwide send a letter to World Health Organization Director-General Margaret Chan calling for the postponement or relocation of the Rio de Janeiro 2016 Summer Olympics because of the widening Zika virus outbreak in Brazil, despite U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Director Tom Frieden's statement yesterday that "there is no public health reason to cancel or delay the Olympics." ](/news/2016/05/27/more-than-150-prominent-scientists-worldwide-send-a-letter-to-world-health-organization-director-general-margaret-chan-calling-for-the-postp.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Zika virus_
