### [2016-04-13](/news/2016/04/13/index.md)

# Two unarmed Russian Air Force Sukhoi Su-24 jets flew simulated attacks on United States Navy destroyer ''USS Donald Cook'' in the Baltic Sea on Tuesday, according to a U.S. official, who described it as one of the most aggressive interactions in recent memory. A Russian Kamov Ka-27 naval helicopter also made seven passes around the ''USS Donald Cook'', taking pictures of the warship. 

Two Russian warplanes flew simulated attack passes near a U.S. guided missile destroyer in the Baltic Sea on Tuesday, the U.S. military said, with one official describing them as one of the most aggressive interactions in recent memory.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-russia-simulatedattack-idUSKCN0XA1UW)

### Related:

1. [A United States Air Force Boeing RC-135 reconnaissance aircraft was intercepted and threatened by a Russian Sukhoi Su-27 fighter jet in international airspace over the Baltic Sea on Thursday (April 14), according to the United States European Command (EUCOM). ](/news/2016/04/16/a-united-states-air-force-boeing-rc-135-reconnaissance-aircraft-was-intercepted-and-threatened-by-a-russian-sukhoi-su-27-fighter-jet-in-inte.md) _Context: Baltic Sea, Cold War II, Russia-United States relations_
2. [ The South Korean Navy destroyer ''Mummu the Great'' and the U.S. Navy cruiser ''Gettysburg'' capture 17 suspected Somali pirates in the Gulf of Aden. ](/news/2009/05/14/the-south-korean-navy-destroyer-mummu-the-great-and-the-u-s-navy-cruiser-gettysburg-capture-17-suspected-somali-pirates-in-the-gul.md) _Context: U.S., U.S. Navy, destroyer_
3. [After 35 Russian diplomats are expelled from the United States, Russia's foreign minister Sergey Lavrov recommends expelling 35 American diplomats. Russian President Vladimir Putin rejects Lavrov's recommendation and expresses a desire to restore relations between the two countries. ](/news/2016/12/30/after-35-russian-diplomats-are-expelled-from-the-united-states-russia-s-foreign-minister-sergey-lavrov-recommends-expelling-35-american-dip.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations, U.S._
4. [The United States expels 35 Russian diplomats over the alleged Russian interference during the U.S.'s 2016 presidential election. ](/news/2016/12/29/the-united-states-expels-35-russian-diplomats-over-the-alleged-russian-interference-during-the-u-s-s-2016-presidential-election.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations, U.S._
5. [The United States Navy's destroyer USS ''Mason'' comes under missile attack in the Red Sea, off the coast of Yemen. The two missiles, fired from Yemeni territory controlled by Iranian-backed Houthis, impacted the water well before reaching the ship, according to Pentagon spokesman Captain Jeff Davis. ](/news/2016/10/9/the-united-states-navy-s-destroyer-uss-mason-comes-under-missile-attack-in-the-red-sea-off-the-coast-of-yemen-the-two-missiles-fired.md) _Context: U.S. Navy, destroyer_
6. [Russian President Vladimir Putin suspends the 2013 nuclear agreement with the United States concerning uranium research. ](/news/2016/10/5/russian-president-vladimir-putin-suspends-the-2013-nuclear-agreement-with-the-united-states-concerning-uranium-research.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations, U.S._
7. [A Russian Sukhoi Su-27 fighter jet makes an "unsafe close-range intercept" of a United States Navy P-8A Poseidon over the Black Sea in international airspace, coming within 10 feet (3.3 m) of the U.S. aircraft. ](/news/2016/09/7/a-russian-sukhoi-su-27-fighter-jet-makes-an-unsafe-close-range-intercept-of-a-united-states-navy-p-8a-poseidon-over-the-black-sea-in-inter.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations, U.S. Navy_
8. [Russia's Foreign Ministry warns of "retaliatory measures" over the entry of the United States Navy destroyer, USS ''Porter''. The USS ''Porter'' arrived in the Black Sea port of Varna, Bulgaria, earlier this week for what the U.S. Navy called a routine deployment. ](/news/2016/06/10/russia-s-foreign-ministry-warns-of-retaliatory-measures-over-the-entry-of-the-united-states-navy-destroyer-uss-porter-the-uss-port.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations, U.S. Navy_
9. [Russia says it intercepted a U.S. Air Force plane approaching its border over the Baltic Sea on Friday because the aircraft had turned off its transponder which is needed for identification.  The Pentagon says the U.S. RC-135  was flying a routine route in international airspace when the Russian SU-27 fighter intercepted it in an "unsafe and unprofessional" way. ](/news/2016/04/30/russia-says-it-intercepted-a-u-s-air-force-plane-approaching-its-border-over-the-baltic-sea-on-friday-because-the-aircraft-had-turned-off-i.md) _Context: Baltic Sea, Russia-United States relations_
10. [U.S. General Curtis Scaparrotti, the incoming head of the United States military forces in Europe, says he supports a permanent brigade-sized presence of U.S. combat troops in Eastern Europe to deter Russia's expanded and assertive actions. ](/news/2016/04/22/u-s-general-curtis-scaparrotti-the-incoming-head-of-the-united-states-military-forces-in-europe-says-he-supports-a-permanent-brigade-size.md) _Context: Cold War II, U.S._
