### [2016-04-13](/news/2016/04/13/index.md)

# Two unarmed Russian Air Force Sukhoi Su-24 jets flew simulated attacks on United States Navy destroyer "USS Donald Cook" in the Baltic Sea on Tuesday, according to a U.S. official, who described it as one of the most aggressive interactions in recent memory. A Russian Kamov Ka-27 naval helicopter also made seven passes around the "USS Donald Cook", taking pictures of the warship. 

Two Russian warplanes flew simulated attack passes near a U.S. guided missile destroyer in the Baltic Sea on Tuesday, the U.S. military said, with one official describing them as one of the most aggressive interactions in recent memory.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-russia-simulatedattack-idUSKCN0XA1UW)

### Related:

1. [A United States Air Force Boeing RC-135 reconnaissance aircraft was intercepted and threatened by a Russian Sukhoi Su-27 fighter jet in international airspace over the Baltic Sea on Thursday (April 14), according to the United States European Command (EUCOM). ](/news/2016/04/16/a-united-states-air-force-boeing-rc-135-reconnaissance-aircraft-was-intercepted-and-threatened-by-a-russian-sukhoi-su-27-fighter-jet-in-inte.md) _Context: Baltic Sea, Cold War II, Russia-United States relations_
2. [ The South Korean Navy destroyer "Mummu the Great" and the U.S. Navy cruiser "Gettysburg" capture 17 suspected Somali pirates in the Gulf of Aden. ](/news/2009/05/14/the-south-korean-navy-destroyer-mummu-the-great-and-the-u-s-navy-cruiser-gettysburg-capture-17-suspected-somali-pirates-in-the-gulf-of.md) _Context: United States, United States Navy, destroyer_
3. [Unarmed Russian Air Force reconnaissance jets, under the authority provided by international Open Skies Treaty, fly over several Washington, D.C., area government buildings and landmarks as well as the President's residence in Bedminster, New Jersey. ](/news/2017/08/9/unarmed-russian-air-force-reconnaissance-jets-under-the-authority-provided-by-international-open-skies-treaty-fly-over-several-washington.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations, Russian Air Force_
4. [The United States State Department orders Russia to close the Consulate-General of Russia in San Francisco and two other buildings by September 2, 2017, invoking "parity" over a Russian measure in July. ](/news/2017/08/31/the-united-states-state-department-orders-russia-to-close-the-consulate-general-of-russia-in-san-francisco-and-two-other-buildings-by-septem.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations, United States_
5. [Russian President Vladimir Putin expels 755 U.S. diplomats in response to new sanctions imposed by the United States. ](/news/2017/07/30/russian-president-vladimir-putin-expels-755-u-s-diplomats-in-response-to-new-sanctions-imposed-by-the-united-states.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations, United States_
6. [A Russian SU-27 fighter jet intercepts an American B-52 strategic bomber that was flying over international waters of the Baltic Sea parallel to the Russian border, and escorts the B-52 until it flew away from the border area. The United States military confirmed that the US Air Force B-52 was operating in international airspace, but had no further comment about the incident. ](/news/2017/06/6/a-russian-su-27-fighter-jet-intercepts-an-american-b-52-strategic-bomber-that-was-flying-over-international-waters-of-the-baltic-sea-paralle.md) _Context: Baltic Sea, Russia-United States relations_
7. [The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping-up-sanctions-against-russia-and-against-iran-language-in-the-mea.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations, United States_
8. [After 35 Russian diplomats are expelled from the United States, Russia's foreign minister Sergey Lavrov recommends expelling 35 American diplomats. Russian President Vladimir Putin rejects Lavrov's recommendation and expresses a desire to restore relations between the two countries. ](/news/2016/12/30/after-35-russian-diplomats-are-expelled-from-the-united-states-russia-s-foreign-minister-sergey-lavrov-recommends-expelling-35-american-dip.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations, United States_
9. [The United States expels 35 Russian diplomats over the alleged Russian interference during the U.S.'s 2016 presidential election. ](/news/2016/12/29/the-united-states-expels-35-russian-diplomats-over-the-alleged-russian-interference-during-the-u-s-s-2016-presidential-election.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations, United States_
10. [The United States Navy's destroyer USS "Mason" comes under missile attack in the Red Sea, off the coast of Yemen. The two missiles, fired from Yemeni territory controlled by Iranian-backed Houthis, impacted the water well before reaching the ship, according to Pentagon spokesman Captain Jeff Davis. ](/news/2016/10/9/the-united-states-navy-s-destroyer-uss-mason-comes-under-missile-attack-in-the-red-sea-off-the-coast-of-yemen-the-two-missiles-fired-fr.md) _Context: United States Navy, destroyer_
