### [2016-04-13](/news/2016/04/13/index.md)

# Voters in South Korea go to the polls for a legislative election with the ruling Saenuri Party losing seats in a surprise setback. 

Park’s party failed to win a majority in the legislature, undermining chances to enact her economic agenda in her final years in office. With almost all of the ballots counted, the Saenuri Party is projected to win 122 parliamentary seats, South Korean TV broadcaster KBS TV reports. The ruling party currently has 146 lawmakers in the 300-seat National Assembly, South Korea’s unicameral legislature.


### Source:

1. [AP](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/A/AS_SOUTH_KOREA_PARLIAMENTARY_ELECTION?SITE=AP&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-36033773)
3. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-04-14/south-korea-s-ruling-party-chief-resigns-over-election-loss)

### Related:

1. [South Korean opposition lawmakers'  anti-terrorism bill filibuster, which stops all other legislative business, extends its world record to  115 hours Sunday afternoon,  easily besting Canada's 58-hour session in 2011. The major issue is giving South Korea's intelligence agency powers to monitor private communications. This parliamentary session is set to end March 11, with elections on April 13. ](/news/2016/02/28/south-korean-opposition-lawmakers-anti-terrorism-bill-filibuster-which-stops-all-other-legislative-business-extends-its-world-record-to.md) _Context: South Korea, South Korean legislative election, 2016_
2. [Former Saenuri Party member of the South Korean National Assembly Cho Hyun-ryong is jailed for five years for accepting bribes. ](/news/2015/11/27/former-saenuri-party-member-of-the-south-korean-national-assembly-cho-hyun-ryong-is-jailed-for-five-years-for-accepting-bribes.md) _Context: Saenuri Party, South Korea_
3. [South Korean presidential election, 2012:Voters in South Korea go to the polls with exit polls showing a very close race expected between Park Geun-hye of the conservative Saenuri Party and Moon Jae-in of the left-of-centre Democratic United Party. ](/news/2012/12/19/south-korean-presidential-election-2012-pvoters-in-south-korea-go-to-the-polls-with-exit-polls-showing-a-very-close-race-expected-between-p.md) _Context: Saenuri Party, South Korea_
4. [Voters in South Korea go to the polls for a legislative election with the governing Saenuri Party retaining control of the National Assembly of South Korea. ](/news/2012/04/11/voters-in-south-korea-go-to-the-polls-for-a-legislative-election-with-the-governing-saenuri-party-retaining-control-of-the-national-assembly.md) _Context: Saenuri Party, South Korea_
5. [Teams of United States-based researchers, composed of American, Chinese and South Korean scientists, successfully edit a piece of faulty DNA that causes a deadly form of heart disease from cells in human embryos.  ](/news/2017/08/2/teams-of-united-states-based-researchers-composed-of-american-chinese-and-south-korean-scientists-successfully-edit-a-piece-of-faulty-dna.md) _Context: South Korea_
6. [South Korea's National Police raid the headquarters of Korean Air as part of an investigation into embezzlement and breach of trust related to misappropriated funds alleged to have been used to fund construction at the residence of Korean Air Chairman Cho Yang-ho (father of Heather Cho, instigator of the "Nut rage incident" in 2014). The company's shares continue to drop. ](/news/2017/07/7/south-korea-s-national-police-raid-the-headquarters-of-korean-air-as-part-of-an-investigation-into-embezzlement-and-breach-of-trust-related.md) _Context: South Korea_
7. [North Korea launches an intercontinental ballistic missile that flies 620 miles horizontally in about 45 minutes, landing in the Sea of Japan, according to Japan, South Korea and the United States.  ](/news/2017/07/28/north-korea-launches-an-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-that-flies-620-miles-horizontally-in-about-45-minutes-landing-in-the-sea-of-japa.md) _Context: South Korea_
8. [North Korea test fires several missiles, believed to be anti-ship weapons. The test comes immediately after South Korea suspends further deployment of the THAAD anti-missile system. ](/news/2017/06/8/north-korea-test-fires-several-missiles-believed-to-be-anti-ship-weapons-the-test-comes-immediately-after-south-korea-suspends-further-dep.md) _Context: South Korea_
9. [A North Korean soldier defects to South Korea after swimming across the Han River, the second North Korean defection in a week. ](/news/2017/06/18/a-north-korean-soldier-defects-to-south-korea-after-swimming-across-the-han-river-the-second-north-korean-defection-in-a-week.md) _Context: South Korea_
10. [A North Korean soldier crosses the Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) and defects to South Korea, the first since September 2016. ](/news/2017/06/13/a-north-korean-soldier-crosses-the-korean-demilitarized-zone-dmz-and-defects-to-south-korea-the-first-since-september-2016.md) _Context: South Korea_
