### [2003-10-10](/news/2003/10/10/index.md)

#  Camp X-ray: The United States' policy of detaining up to 600 people in Guantanamo Bay comes under fierce attack from the Red Cross and a group of American former judges, diplomats and military officers who are asking the Supreme Court of the United States to review the situation. The Red Cross criticises the policy of holding detainees without legal representation and in contravention of legal conventions; it reports a worrying deterioration in the mental health of detainees.




### Related:

1. [ The Supreme Court of the United States rules in "Hamdan v. Rumsfeld" that the Bush Administration has no authority to try detained prisoners held in Guantanamo Bay by military tribunal, and that the proceedings violate the Geneva Convention as well as the US constitution. ](/news/2006/06/29/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-rules-in-hamdan-v-rumsfeld-that-the-bush-administration-has-no-authority-to-try-detained-prisoner.md) _Context: Guantnamo Bay detainment camp, United States Supreme Court_
2. [ Camp X-Ray: The US has confirmed that 23 prisoners held in the Guantanamo Bay military base attempted a mass suicide two years ago. ](/news/2005/01/25/camp-x-ray-the-us-has-confirmed-that-23-prisoners-held-in-the-guantanamo-bay-military-base-attempted-a-mass-suicide-two-years-ago.md) _Context: Camp X-Ray, Guantnamo Bay detainment camp_
3. [ Camp X-Ray: Archbishop Desmond Tutu has called for the release of the remaining inmates at Guantanamo Bay and terror suspects detained without trial in the UK referring to the detentions without trial as ""unacceptable"" and ""distressing"". ](/news/2005/01/12/camp-x-ray-archbishop-desmond-tutu-has-called-for-the-release-of-the-remaining-inmates-at-guantanamo-bay-and-terror-suspects-detained-with.md) _Context: Camp X-Ray, Guantnamo Bay detainment camp_
4. [ A report by the "New York Times" alleges that the United States administration overstated the intelligence value and importance of the prisoners held at the controversial prisoner camp at Guantanamo Bay. The report, based on interviews with government officials, concludes that only a relatively small percentage of the prisoners were sworn members of Al Qaeda, and that most were relatively unimportant, low-level people. ](/news/2004/06/21/a-report-by-the-new-york-times-alleges-that-the-united-states-administration-overstated-the-intelligence-value-and-importance-of-the-pris.md) _Context: Camp X-Ray, Guantnamo Bay detainment camp_
5. [ Teenagers released from Guantanamo Bay's Camp X-Ray recall the place fondly. ](/news/2004/03/6/teenagers-released-from-guantanamo-bay-s-camp-x-ray-recall-the-place-fondly.md) _Context: Camp X-Ray, Guantnamo Bay detainment camp_
6. [ Guantanamo Bay: Recently released British Camp X-Ray inmate Jamal al-Harith is interviewed by the Daily Mirror, alleging physical assaults and psychological torture. ](/news/2004/03/12/guantanamo-bay-recently-released-british-camp-x-ray-inmate-jamal-al-harith-is-interviewed-by-the-daily-mirror-alleging-physical-assaults.md) _Context: Camp X-Ray, Guantnamo Bay detainment camp_
7. [The United States Supreme Court confirms (5-4) a temporary stay of a lower court ruling which would have required Texas to undergo new redistricting of congressional districts with large Hispanic and African American populations. The ruling was made in advance of a formal hearing on the gerrymandering case, "Abbott v. Perez", which has no scheduled hearing date yet. ](/news/2017/09/13/the-united-states-supreme-court-confirms-5a4-a-temporary-stay-of-a-lower-court-ruling-which-would-have-required-texas-to-undergo-new-red.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
8. [The Trump Administration asks the U.S. Supreme Court to stop implementation of yesterday's ruling by Hawaii District Judge Derrick Watson that expanded the State Department's definition of "close family" used to implement the Supreme Court's June order that permits admission to the U.S. of those with a bona fide relationship. ](/news/2017/07/14/the-trump-administration-asks-the-u-s-supreme-court-to-stop-implementation-of-yesterday-s-ruling-by-hawaii-district-judge-derrick-watson-th.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
9. [The Supreme Court of the United States partially reinstates President Donald Trump's travel ban and invalidates certain injunctions that were put on the order by two federal appeals courts earlier. Final oral hearings concerning the legality of the Executive Order 13780 will be held in October 2017 at the Supreme Court. ](/news/2017/06/26/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-partially-reinstates-president-donald-trump-s-travel-ban-and-invalidates-certain-injunctions-that-wer.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
10. [The Slants win their case with the Supreme Court of the United States that the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office's rejection of their trademark under the Lanham Act due to their name being "disparaging" is an unconstitutional violation of their free speech rights under the First Amendment. ](/news/2017/06/19/the-slants-win-their-case-with-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-that-the-u-s-patent-and-trademark-office-s-rejection-of-their-tradema.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
