### [2003-10-10](/news/2003/10/10/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli military officer states Palestinian militants are feared to be using a tunnel to smuggle anti-tank missiles and portable anti-aircraft missiles, though no tunnels had been found yet. The army states it is encountering strong resistance from Palestinians using dozens of homemade bombs, rocket-propelled grenades and other grenades and automatic weapons. One Palestinian child and four adults killed in overnight attack on Rafah refugee camp in Gaza.




### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel launches a large offensive against the city of Rafah dubbed Operation Rainbow, cutting it off from the rest of Gaza. Amnesty International has called on Israel to stop and accused it of committing war crimes by its destruction of more than 3,000 Palestinian homes in Israel and the occupied territories since the intifada began three and a half years ago. ](/news/2004/05/18/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-launches-a-large-offensive-against-the-city-of-rafah-dubbed-operation-rainbow-cutting-it-off-from-the.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian, Rafah_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli troops kill one Palestinian militant as three to four Hamas, Popular Resistance Committees, and Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigade militants fire mortar shells and anti-tank missiles on Israelis living in the Kfar Darom settlement in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2005/05/20/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-troops-kill-one-palestinian-militant-as-three-to-four-hamas-popular-resistance-committees-and-al-aq.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian, anti-tank missile_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli incursion leaves 1,240 Palestinians homeless, UN agency finds. The Israeli demolition of refugee shelters in Rafah camp on the southern Gaza Strip last week has left 1,240 people homeless, United Nations relief workers state.](/news/2003/10/13/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-incursion-leaves-1-240-palestinians-homeless-un-agency-finds-the-israeli-demolition-of-refugee-shel.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian, Rafah_
4. [One civilian is killed and at least 20 others injured after an Israeli air strike on a militant base in Gaza City, Palestinian medics say. ](/news/2011/12/10/one-civilian-is-killed-and-at-least-20-others-injured-after-an-israeli-air-strike-on-a-militant-base-in-gaza-city-palestinian-medics-say.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Palestinian_
5. [ After Palestinians fire a Qassam rocket that explodes in an open area of the city of Ashkelon, Israeli planes launch air strikes on several targets in the Gaza Strip, in locations which include Gaza City, Khan Yunis and Rafah. ](/news/2010/04/1/after-palestinians-fire-a-qassam-rocket-that-explodes-in-an-open-area-of-the-city-of-ashkelon-israeli-planes-launch-air-strikes-on-several.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Rafah_
6. [ An Israeli air strike destroys the Palestinian Foreign Ministry Building in Gaza City. ](/news/2006/07/12/an-israeli-air-strike-destroys-the-palestinian-foreign-ministry-building-in-gaza-city.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
7. [ Israeli troops shell and demolish a Palestinian prison in Jericho, seizing Ahmad Sa'adat, imprisoned for allegedly assassinating an Israeli minister. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4804424.stm (BBC)] In retaliation for the Israeli attack in Jericho, Palestinian gunmen kidnap and then release American professor Douglas Johnson. [http://www.forbes.com/home/feeds/ap/2006/03/14/ap2594746.html (Forbes)]date=September 2016 bot=medicbot=medic](/news/2006/03/14/israeli-troops-shell-and-demolish-a-palestinian-prison-in-jericho-seizing-ahmad-sa-adat-imprisoned-for-allegedly-assassinating-an-israeli.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: At least 32 people are injured, including one seriously, when a Palestinian suicide bomber detonates himself at a food stand near Tel Aviv's central bus station. Palestinian Islamic Jihad's al-Quds brigades claims responsibility for the attack. It is the first terrorist attack of the year in Israel. ](/news/2006/01/19/israeli-palestinian-conflict-at-least-32-people-are-injured-including-one-seriously-when-a-palestinian-suicide-bomber-detonates-himself.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A Palestinian stone thrower is shot in the head and killed by Israeli troops raiding the West Bank city of Nablus. At least ten other Palestinians were injured by the IDF troops while two Israeli soldiers were injured by a bomb during the raid. ](/news/2005/12/13/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-palestinian-stone-thrower-is-shot-in-the-head-and-killed-by-israeli-troops-raiding-the-west-bank-city-of-na.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
10. [ An unarmed Palestinian boy, 13 years old, is shot dead by Israel Defense Forces troops. Israel declares its intention to hold an inquiry into the event. ](/news/2005/09/30/an-unarmed-palestinian-boy-13-years-old-is-shot-dead-by-israel-defense-forces-troops-israel-declares-its-intention-to-hold-an-inquiry-in.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
