### [2003-10-10](/news/2003/10/10/index.md)

#  Rugby union: The 2003 Rugby World Cup, with 20 countries competing for the William Webb Ellis Trophy over a seven-week period, starts after a spectacular opening ceremony at the Telstra Stadium, Sydney, Australia, with Australia defeating Argentina 24-8 in the opening match.




### Related:

1. [Australian federal police conduct raids in four separate suburbs of Sydney, detaining individuals and confiscating materials involved in a suspected terrorist plot to bomb an aircraft. ](/news/2017/07/29/australian-federal-police-conduct-raids-in-four-separate-suburbs-of-sydney-detaining-individuals-and-confiscating-materials-involved-in-a-s.md) _Context: Sydney_
2. [A car knocks down the security fences of the Pink House, the Presidential Palace of Argentina, and then stops in front of the building's gate. The authorities reported that the driver of the vehicle had psychiatric disorders and that, in addition, the security personnel present at the time of the incident was separated from his position. It was also learned that this fact took place on 21 June. ](/news/2017/06/29/a-car-knocks-down-the-security-fences-of-the-pink-house-the-presidential-palace-of-argentina-and-then-stops-in-front-of-the-building-s-gat.md) _Context: Argentina_
3. [A secret collection of Nazi heritage is found in Argentina. ](/news/2017/06/20/a-secret-collection-of-nazi-heritage-is-found-in-argentina.md) _Context: Argentina_
4. [A bus traveling to Chile overturns in Argentina's Mendoza Province, killing at least 19 people. ](/news/2017/02/18/a-bus-traveling-to-chile-overturns-in-argentina-s-mendoza-province-killing-at-least-19-people.md) _Context: Argentina_
5. [A 6.2 magnitude earthquake strikes northwest Argentina, near Chilecito in La Rioja Province. No reports of damages or injuries. ](/news/2016/11/13/a-6-2-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-northwest-argentina-near-chilecito-in-la-rioja-province-no-reports-of-damages-or-injuries.md) _Context: Argentina_
6. [ New South Wales facing evacuations and a rising flood threat as heavy rain and high winds hit Sydney and Newcastle. Parts of Victoria and Tasmania are braced for wild weather. ](/news/2016/06/5/new-south-wales-facing-evacuations-and-a-rising-flood-threat-as-heavy-rain-and-high-winds-hit-sydney-and-newcastle-parts-of-victoria-and-t.md) _Context: Sydney_
7. [Five people are dead and five are in hospital after taking ecstasy at an Argentine version of the Time Warp Festival featuring electronic music acts. ](/news/2016/04/16/five-people-are-dead-and-five-are-in-hospital-after-taking-ecstasy-at-an-argentine-version-of-the-time-warp-festival-featuring-electronic-mu.md) _Context: Argentina_
8. [A gunman, who killed one man, injured two others, and was holding three people hostage, is found dead when an armed tactical response police team storms a building in the Ingleburn industrial area in suburban Sydney, Australia. All hostages were unharmed. ](/news/2016/03/7/a-gunman-who-killed-one-man-injured-two-others-and-was-holding-three-people-hostage-is-found-dead-when-an-armed-tactical-response-police.md) _Context: Sydney_
9. [A United Nations commission rules in favour of Argentina to expand its maritime territory in the South Atlantic Ocean by 35% to include the Falkland Islands and beyond despite Argentina and the United Kingdom still having an unresolved dispute over the islands. ](/news/2016/03/29/a-united-nations-commission-rules-in-favour-of-argentina-to-expand-its-maritime-territory-in-the-south-atlantic-ocean-by-35-to-include-the.md) _Context: Argentina_
10. [Argentina's coastguard says it has sunk a Chinese fishing trawler that was operating illegally within its territorial waters. The coastguard says it rescued four of the trawler's crew while others who abandoned ship were picked up by another Chinese vessel shadowing the pursuit. ](/news/2016/03/15/argentina-s-coastguard-says-it-has-sunk-a-chinese-fishing-trawler-that-was-operating-illegally-within-its-territorial-waters-the-coastguard.md) _Context: Argentina_
