### [2014-03-31](/news/2014/03/31/index.md)

# French government and Socialist Party admit major defeat following the The President of France Franois Hollande appoints Manuel Valls, previously Minister of the Interior, as the new Prime Minister. He replaces Jean-Marc Ayrault. 




### Source:

1. [Time](http://time.com/#44079/manuel-valls-named-as-new-french-prime-minister/)
1. [Cover Image](https://s0.wp.com/wp-content/themes/vip/time2014/img/time-logo-og.png)

### Related:

1. [In the second round run-off to select the Socialist Party's candidate in this year's spring presidential election, the leftist candidate, former Minister of National Education Benoit Hamon, topped former Prime Minister Manuel Valls, a centrist, with 58.65 percent of the vote. ](/news/2017/01/29/in-the-second-round-run-off-to-select-the-socialist-party-s-candidate-in-this-year-s-spring-presidential-election-the-leftist-candidate-fo.md) _Context: Manuel Valls, PS, Prime Minister_
2. [Manuel Valls, the Prime Minister of France, announces his candidacy for the Socialist Party nomination. He will step down as PM on Tuesday. ](/news/2016/12/5/manuel-valls-the-prime-minister-of-france-announces-his-candidacy-for-the-socialist-party-nomination-he-will-step-down-as-pm-on-tuesday.md) _Context: Manuel Valls, PS, Prime Minister_
3. [Francois Hollande, the President of France names a new Cabinet led by Prime Minister Manuel Valls with ministers who rebelled against spending cuts dropped. ](/news/2014/08/26/franassois-hollande-the-president-of-france-names-a-new-cabinet-led-by-prime-minister-manuel-valls-with-ministers-who-rebelled-against-spend.md) _Context: Manuel Valls, President of France, Prime Minister_
4. [The Prime Minister of France Manuel Valls presents President Francois Hollande with the resignation of the cabinet, with a new cabinet to be appointed tomorrow. ](/news/2014/08/25/the-prime-minister-of-france-manuel-valls-presents-president-franassois-hollande-with-the-resignation-of-the-cabinet-with-a-new-cabinet-to-b.md) _Context: Manuel Valls, President of France, Prime Minister_
5. [Francois Hollande is sworn in as the 24th President of France. Hollande appoints Jean-Marc Ayrault as his Prime Minister. ](/news/2012/05/15/franassois-hollande-is-sworn-in-as-the-24th-president-of-france-hollande-appoints-jean-marc-ayrault-as-his-prime-minister.md) _Context: Jean-Marc Ayrault, President of France, Prime Minister_
6. [One policeman has been killed and another has been critically injured after a man opened fire at police officers at the Champs-Elysees in central Paris. The gunman was killed while attempting to escape, and a bystander has been injured. ISIL claims responsibility for the attack although the claim is doubted. The President of France Francois Hollande says that all leads indicate that the attack was of a "terrorist nature". ](/news/2017/04/20/one-policeman-has-been-killed-and-another-has-been-critically-injured-after-a-man-opened-fire-at-police-officers-at-the-champs-alysa-c-es-in.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, President of France_
7. [Former candidate Manuel Valls (PS) announces his support for Emmanuel Macron (En Marche!) rather than for his own party's nominee, Benoit Hamon. ](/news/2017/03/29/former-candidate-manuel-valls-ps-announces-his-support-for-emmanuel-macron-en-marche-rather-than-for-his-own-party-s-nominee-benoa-r-t-h.md) _Context: Manuel Valls, PS_
8. [ Bernard Cazeneuve is announced as the new Prime Minister of France replacing Manuel Valls who is contesting the 2017 French Presidential Election. ](/news/2016/12/6/bernard-cazeneuve-is-announced-as-the-new-prime-minister-of-france-replacing-manuel-valls-who-is-contesting-the-2017-french-presidential-el.md) _Context: Manuel Valls, Prime Minister_
9. [France's National Assembly votes to adopt a non-binding resolution to lift European Union sanctions against Russia, applied after Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014. Former President Nicolas Sarkozy's Republicans, as well as center-right and far-left groups voted in favor of lifting the sanctions, while the ruling Socialist Party and The Greens voted against the resolution. ](/news/2016/04/28/france-s-national-assembly-votes-to-adopt-a-non-binding-resolution-to-lift-european-union-sanctions-against-russia-applied-after-russia-s-a.md) _Context: PS, President of France_
10. [The French president Francois Hollande reshuffles his cabinet, bringing in three ministers from two green parties, Europe Ecology - The Greens and Ecologistes !; former Prime Minister of France Jean-Marc Ayrault is named as the new Foreign Minister replacing Laurent Fabius who resigned earlier in the week. ](/news/2016/02/11/the-french-president-franassois-hollande-reshuffles-his-cabinet-bringing-in-three-ministers-from-two-green-parties-europe-ecology-a-the-g.md) _Context: Jean-Marc Ayrault, Prime Minister_
