### [2014-03-31](/news/2014/03/31/index.md)

# Mexican Drug War: The Mexican Navy kills Knights Templar Cartel high-ranking leader Enrique Plancarte Sols. [http://www.milenio.com/policia/Kike_Plancarte-templarios-lider_de_los_templarios-Enrique_Plancarte_0_272373335.html "(Milenio)"]




### Related:

1. [Mexican Drug War: The Mexican Navy recaptures escaped drug lord Joaquin Guzman, also known as "El Chapo", in Los Mochis, Sinaloa. ](/news/2016/01/8/mexican-drug-war-the-mexican-navy-recaptures-escaped-drug-lord-joaquan-guzma-n-also-known-as-el-chapo-in-los-mochis-sinaloa.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Mexican Navy_
2. [Mexican Drug War: Communitary forces take several towns in Mexican state of Michoacn trying to expel the Knights Templar Cartel forces, and prompting the intervention of Mexican Army against them.](/news/2014/01/14/mexican-drug-war-communitary-forces-take-several-towns-in-mexican-state-of-michoacan-trying-to-expel-the-knights-templar-cartel-forces-and.md) _Context: Knights Templar Cartel, Mexican Drug War_
3. [Mexican Drug War:: Clashes between the Knights Templar Cartel and the Mexican federal police leave 22 dead in the state of Michoacn. According to government press reports, two of the dead were law enforcement officials, while the rest were cartel gunmen. ](/news/2013/07/24/mexican-drug-war-clashes-between-the-knights-templar-cartel-and-the-mexican-federal-police-leave-22-dead-in-the-state-of-michoacan-accord.md) _Context: Knights Templar Cartel, Mexican Drug War_
4. [Mexican Drug War: The Mexican Navy confirms that Heriberto Lazcano Lazcano, the top leader of the criminal organization Los Zetas, was killed in a shootout yesterday. The body is stolen by armed gunmen. ](/news/2012/10/9/mexican-drug-war-the-mexican-navy-confirms-that-heriberto-lazcano-lazcano-the-top-leader-of-the-criminal-organization-los-zetas-was-kille.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Mexican Navy_
5. [Mexican Drug War: A gunfight between La Lnea gang members and a rival cartel in Madera Municipality, Chihuahua, leaves at least 14 people dead. ](/news/2017/07/5/mexican-drug-war-a-gunfight-between-la-linea-gang-members-and-a-rival-cartel-in-madera-municipality-chihuahua-leaves-at-least-14-people-d.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
6. [Mexican Drug War: An unknown gunman shoots and kills veteran journalist Javier Valdez Crdenas, who is noted for his investigative reporting on Mexico's war on drugs, in Culiacn, Sinaloa. ](/news/2017/05/15/mexican-drug-war-an-unknown-gunman-shoots-and-kills-veteran-journalist-javier-valdez-cardenas-who-is-noted-for-his-investigative-reporting.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
7. [Mexican Drug War: A gang shoots down a police helicopter near Apatzingan, Michoacan, killing four people. The police had been conducting an operation against criminal groups and drug cartels. ](/news/2016/09/7/mexican-drug-war-a-gang-shoots-down-a-police-helicopter-near-apatzinga-n-michoaca-n-killing-four-people-the-police-had-been-conducting-a.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
8. [Mexican Drug War: Mexican police come under attack in a two-hour gunfight in the city of Acapulco, killing one gunman. At the same time, a separate group of gunmen attacked a federal police base in the city. ](/news/2016/04/25/mexican-drug-war-mexican-police-come-under-attack-in-a-two-hour-gunfight-in-the-city-of-acapulco-killing-one-gunman-at-the-same-time-a-s.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
9. [Mexican Drug War: War on Drugs: Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto proposes legalizing marijuana for medical purposes and easing limits for personal use of the drug. He said he would be sending a bill to the Congress to increase the amount users can legally carry from the current five grams to 28 (0.18-1oz). The news comes just two days after he addressed the United Nations General Assembly at a special session on drug policy and is seen as a chance to re-think the current strategy of fighting drug-trafficking, especially in Mexico where the fighting has killed tens of thousands of people. ](/news/2016/04/22/mexican-drug-war-war-on-drugs-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-proposes-legalizing-marijuana-for-medical-purposes-and-easing-limits-f.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
10. [Mexican Drug War: At least nine suspected cartel members are killed in gunfights with government forces during an anti-cartel operation in the city of Reynosa, Mexico. ](/news/2016/03/14/mexican-drug-war-at-least-nine-suspected-cartel-members-are-killed-in-gunfights-with-government-forces-during-an-anti-cartel-operation-in-t.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
