### [2014-03-31](/news/2014/03/31/index.md)

# The United Nations International Court of Justice rules that Japan's Antarctic whaling program is not scientific but commercial and forbids grants of further permits.  

The International Court of Justice rules Japan must immediately stop its whaling program in the Antarctic.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-26818863#)
2. [ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2014-03-31/ijc-japan-whaling-southern-ocean-scientific-research/5357416)

### Related:

1. [Japan advises the International Whaling Commission  that it plans to resume hunting minke whales for scientific research in the Antarctic Ocean by the end of March 2016. The United Nations' International Court of Justice (ICJ) ruled in March 2014 that Japan's decades-old whale hunt in the Antarctic should stop, prompting Tokyo to cancel the bulk of its whaling for the 2014/2015 season. ICJ decisions were binding and cannot be appealed. ](/news/2015/11/28/japan-advises-the-international-whaling-commission-that-it-plans-to-resume-hunting-minke-whales-for-scientific-research-in-the-antarctic-oc.md) _Context: International Court of Justice, Japan, United Nations, whaling_
2. [Japanese Foreign Minister Katsuya Okada dismisses Australia's threat to take the country to the International Court of Justice over Japan's whaling in the Antarctic. ](/news/2010/02/21/japanese-foreign-minister-katsuya-okada-dismisses-australia-s-threat-to-take-the-country-to-the-international-court-of-justice-over-japan-s.md) _Context: Antarctic, International Court of Justice, Japan, whaling_
3. [Australia is threatening to take legal action against Japan over its resumption of its controversial whale hunt in the Antarctic Ocean. A whaling fleet set sail last week, ignoring international condemnation, and last year's ruling by the International Court of Justice (ICJ) prohibiting these  hunts. ](/news/2015/12/7/australia-is-threatening-to-take-legal-action-against-japan-over-its-resumption-of-its-controversial-whale-hunt-in-the-antarctic-ocean-a-wh.md) _Context: International Court of Justice, Japan, whaling_
4. [A Japanese fleet returns home after hunting 333 whales in the Antarctic. The Japanese government states that the purpose was for research. ](/news/2017/03/31/a-japanese-fleet-returns-home-after-hunting-333-whales-in-the-antarctic-the-japanese-government-states-that-the-purpose-was-for-research.md) _Context: Antarctic, Japan_
5. [In Tokyo, Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull says his country is "very disappointed" with Japan's decision to resume whaling, but this dispute should not be allowed to hurt the two countries' special strategic ties. Malcolm Turnbull, who replaced Tony Abbott in September,  is on his first visit to Japan which will include talks with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. ](/news/2015/12/18/in-tokyo-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-says-his-country-is-avery-disappointeda-with-japanas-decision-to-resume-whaling.md) _Context: Japan, whaling_
6. [The United Nations' World Meteorological Organization (WMO) announces that, earlier this month, the Antarctic ozone hole widened to one of its largest sizes on record. A colder than usual stratosphere widened the hole to a peak of 28.2 million square km (10.9 million square miles). ](/news/2015/10/29/the-united-nations-world-meteorological-organization-wmo-announces-that-earlier-this-month-the-antarctic-ozone-hole-widened-to-one-of-i.md) _Context: Antarctic, United Nations_
7. [Japan announces plans to resume whaling in the Antarctic during the southern hemisphere summer. Commercial whaling has been banned for over 30 years by the International Whaling Commission. ](/news/2015/06/22/japan-announces-plans-to-resume-whaling-in-the-antarctic-during-the-southern-hemisphere-summer-commercial-whaling-has-been-banned-for-over.md) _Context: Antarctic, Japan_
8. [Cuba defends North Korea by circulating an amendment to a European-Japanese draft resolution recommending the referral of North Korea to the International Criminal Court for crimes against humanity. ](/news/2014/11/13/cuba-defends-north-korea-by-circulating-an-amendment-to-a-european-japanese-draft-resolution-recommending-the-referral-of-north-korea-to-the.md) _Context: Japan, United Nations_
9. [Japan vows to continue its whaling program despite passage of an anti-whaling vote in the International Whaling Commission. ](/news/2014/09/19/japan-vows-to-continue-its-whaling-program-despite-passage-of-an-anti-whaling-vote-in-the-international-whaling-commission.md) _Context: Japan, whaling_
10. [Japan vows to continue its whale hunting despite pressure from environmentalist group Sea Shepherd. ](/news/2013/02/22/japan-vows-to-continue-its-whale-hunting-despite-pressure-from-environmentalist-group-sea-shepherd.md) _Context: Japan, whaling_
