### [2015-10-9](/news/2015/10/9/index.md)

# A new tally by the Associated Press places the death count from the Mina stampede at 1,453 killed making it the deadliest disaster ever to occur during the Hajj. 




### Source:

1. [AP via MSN](http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/world/ap-exclusive-saudi-hajj-disaster-deadliest-to-ever-strike/ar-AAfh9z3?li=AAa0dzB&ocid=iehp)

### Related:

1. [An updated count by the Associated Press raises the death toll from the Mina stampede during the Hajj to at least 1,621, with  hundreds still missing. ](/news/2015/10/14/an-updated-count-by-the-associated-press-raises-the-death-toll-from-the-mina-stampede-during-the-hajj-to-at-least-1-621-with-hundreds-stil.md) _Context: 2015 Mina stampede, Associated Press, Hajj_
2. [Strong winds cause a construction crane collapse at the Masjid al-Haram mosque killing 107 people and injuring 283 others. Most of the people killed were on the annual Islamic hajj (pilgrimage) to Mecca. ](/news/2015/09/11/strong-winds-cause-a-construction-crane-collapse-at-the-masjid-al-haram-mosque-killing-107-people-and-injuring-283-others-most-of-the-peopl.md) _Context: Hajj, disaster_
3. [ A stampede during the Stoning the Devil ritual on the last day at the Hajj in Mina, Saudi Arabia, kills at least 362 Muslim pilgrims. A similar crush claimed 244 pilgrims' lives at the same spot in 2004. ](/news/2006/01/12/a-stampede-during-the-stoning-the-devil-ritual-on-the-last-day-at-the-hajj-in-mina-saudi-arabia-kills-at-least-362-muslim-pilgrims-a-sim.md) _Context: Hajj, disaster_
4. [The Trump White House bars ''The New York Times'', CNN, the ''Los Angeles Times'', the ''New York Daily News'', ''The Hill'',  the ''Daily Mail'',  BBC,  Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as  Breitbart News, One America News Network, and ''The Washington Times''. Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News,  ''The Wall Street Journal'', Bloomberg News, and Fox News. ''Time'' magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to  in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-m.md) _Context: Associated Press_
5. [Iran confirms receipt of Saudi Arabian invitation to discuss bilateral talk for Hajj-2017.  The Iranian delegation is expected to travel to Saudi Arabia on 23 February this year for participation in the next pilgrimage. ](/news/2017/01/10/iran-confirms-receipt-of-saudi-arabian-invitation-to-discuss-bilateral-talk-for-hajj-2017-the-iranian-delegation-is-expected-to-travel-to.md) _Context: Hajj_
6. [Authorities report the death toll has risen to 36. Alameda County Sheriff Gregory Ahern told the  Associated Press they don't believe additional bodies will be found in the debris.  ](/news/2016/12/5/authorities-report-the-death-toll-has-risen-to-36-alameda-county-sheriff-gregory-ahern-told-the-associated-press-they-don-t-believe-additi.md) _Context: Associated Press_
7. [The Associated Press reports that Hillary Clinton has the support of enough delegates to secure the Democratic Party nomination. Since delegates do not vote until the convention though, she is the presumptive nominee of the party. ](/news/2016/06/6/the-associated-press-reports-that-hillary-clinton-has-the-support-of-enough-delegates-to-secure-the-democratic-party-nomination-since-deleg.md) _Context: Associated Press_
8. [A 22-year-old Dutch woman held in Qatar for nearly three months after telling police she had been raped is released following the court ruling of a one-year suspended prison sentence. The Associated Press reports it isn't clear "[...] what sentence was given to the man she accused of rape."  ](/news/2016/06/13/a-22-year-old-dutch-woman-held-in-qatar-for-nearly-three-months-after-telling-police-she-had-been-raped-is-released-following-the-court-ruli.md) _Context: Associated Press_
9. [The Associated Press reports that Donald Trump has secured enough delegates to secure the Republican Party nomination for President. ](/news/2016/05/26/the-associated-press-reports-that-donald-trump-has-secured-enough-delegates-to-secure-the-republican-party-nomination-for-president.md) _Context: Associated Press_
10. [The Associated Press reports a government-sponsored committee of 27 companies/trade associations, set up by the U.S. FAA in February, on Friday submitted recommendations that could clear the way for commercial drone flights over populated areas, and help speed the introduction of package delivery drones. ](/news/2016/04/3/the-associated-press-reports-a-government-sponsored-committee-of-27-companies-trade-associations-set-up-by-the-u-s-faa-in-february-on-fri.md) _Context: Associated Press_
