### [2015-10-9](/news/2015/10/9/index.md)

# Iranian state television says Revolutionary Guard brigadier general, Hossein Hamadani, has been killed on the outskirts of Syria's Aleppo by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. This is the latest in a string of high-ranking Iranian commanders killed in Iraq and Syria in the last six months. 

An Iranian military commander has been killed in Syria while advising President Bashar al-Assad’s army. Iran’s Islamic Revolution Guards Corps said that Brigadier General Hossein Hamedani was killed by Isis militants on the outskirts of Aleppo city on Thursday night.


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/pentagon-end-training-syrian-rebels-large-groups/story?id=34365905)
2. [AP via The Washington Times](http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2015/oct/9/islamic-state-group-seizes-syrian-villages-north-a/)
3. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2015/10/09/politics/us-syria-rebels-arms-program-suspended/)
4. [Daily Sabah](http://www.dailysabah.com/syrian-crisis/2015/10/09/un-condemns-killing-of-anadolu-agency-journalist-by-isis-bomb-attack-in-syria)
5. [Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/iranian-commander-brigadier-general-hossein-hamedani-killed-by-isis-while-advising-syrian-regime-a6687276.html)
6. [Novinite](http://www.novinite.com/articles/171245/Turkey%E2%80%99s+Anadolu+Agency+Photojournalist+Killed+in+Syria)
6. [Cover Image](https://static.independent.co.uk/s3fs-public/thumbnails/image/2015/10/09/08/Hossein-Hamedani.jpg)

### Related:

1. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
2. [  At least 13 Iranian soldiers are killed in a battle with Islamist militants in a village near Aleppo, Syria. This is the largest single day loss for the Iranians since the start of the conflict. ](/news/2016/05/7/at-least-13-iranian-soldiers-are-killed-in-a-battle-with-islamist-militants-in-a-village-near-aleppo-syria-this-is-the-largest-single-da.md) _Context: Aleppo, Iran, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
3. [United States President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Iran, Iraq, Islamic State, Syria_
4. [Syrian government airstrikes, and rockets from Islamist insurgents, hit many neighborhoods in Aleppo. Fatalities are reported on both sides of the city. This continued fighting threatens the truce and peace talks being held in Geneva, Switzerland. UN envoy Staffan de Mistura says he will meet the government delegation Monday, and will sit down with the main opposition High Negotiations Committee later in the week. ](/news/2016/04/16/syrian-government-airstrikes-and-rockets-from-islamist-insurgents-hit-many-neighborhoods-in-aleppo-fatalities-are-reported-on-both-sides.md) _Context: Aleppo, Islamic State, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
5. [The United States Secretary of State John Kerry says ISIL has committed genocide against Christians, Yazidis and Shias in areas it controls in Syria and Iraq. ](/news/2016/03/17/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-says-isil-has-committed-genocide-against-christians-yazidis-and-shias-in-areas-it-controls.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
6. [ISIL militants cut off the Syrian Army's main supply route to the city of Aleppo and capture the village of Khanasir, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2016/02/23/isil-militants-cut-off-the-syrian-army-s-main-supply-route-to-the-city-of-aleppo-and-capture-the-village-of-khanasir-according-to-the-syria.md) _Context: Aleppo, Islamic State, Syrian Civil War, the battle for Aleppo_
7. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports that at least 50 United States military instructors have deployed to northern Syria from Turkey and Iraq to train Kurdish forces ahead of an assault on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah. ](/news/2015/11/30/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-that-at-least-50-united-states-military-instructors-have-deployed-to-northern-syria-from-tur.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
8. [The Russian Air Force destroys around 500 fuel tanker vehicles used by ISIS and other extremist groups for transporting illegal oil from Syria to Iraq. ](/news/2015/11/18/the-russian-air-force-destroys-around-500-fuel-tanker-vehicles-used-by-isis-and-other-extremist-groups-for-transporting-illegal-oil-from-syr.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
9. [France says it has carried out its first air-strikes against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant within Syria, destroying a training camp in the east of the country. Previously, France had only carried out air-strikes in Iraq with consent of the Iraqi government. ](/news/2015/09/27/france-says-it-has-carried-out-its-first-air-strikes-against-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-within-syria-destroying-a-training-ca.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
10. [After more than 18 months of requests, Turkey comes under heavy international pressure to secure its borders to the influx of foreign fighters, oil, and weapons crossing into Syria to fight for ISIS. ISIS fighters have been moving towards the Turkey-Syria border using armored cars looted from Iraqi military bases. ](/news/2014/08/24/after-more-than-18-months-of-requests-turkey-comes-under-heavy-international-pressure-to-secure-its-borders-to-the-influx-of-foreign-fighte.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
