### [2015-10-9](/news/2015/10/9/index.md)

# Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Iraqi police officials say at least 35 people have been killed following a mortar bombardment of villages near the eastern city of Baqubah, capital of the Diyala Governorate. Officials did not speculate on who may be responsible for the attack, however the Islamic State group has claimed responsibility for several recent attacks in the volatile province. 

Get the latest international news and world events from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [AP via ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/iraq-officials-mortar-attack-diyala-province-kills-35-34362160)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): The pro-government Popular Mobilization Forces militia takes control of the mostly destroyed ancient city of Hatra in Iraq's Nineveh Governorate, following clashes with ISIL, who seized the ruins in 2014. ](/news/2017/04/26/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-the-pro-government-popular-mobilization-forces-militia-takes-control-of-the-mostly-destroyed-ancient-city.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
2. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): November 2016 Hillah suicide truck bombing: At least 80 Shia pilgrims are killed in a truck bomb attack in Iraq. Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/11/24/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-november-2016-hillah-suicide-truck-bombing-at-least-80-shia-pilgrims-are-killed-in-a-truck-bomb-attack-in.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
3. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): 2016 October Baghdad attacks: Attacks targeting a Shi'ite Muslim gathering, a police check-point, and the family of an anti-Islamic State Sunni paramilitary leader, kill at least 55 people in Iraq. ](/news/2016/10/15/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-2016-october-baghdad-attacks-attacks-targeting-a-shi-ite-muslim-gathering-a-police-check-point-and-the.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
4. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Islamic State militants attack two gas facilities northwest of Kirkuk in northern Iraq, killing at least five people and wounding six policemen. Three assailants detonated their explosive vests and a fourth was killed in clash with security forces. ](/news/2016/07/31/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-islamic-state-militants-attack-two-gas-facilities-northwest-of-kirkuk-in-northern-iraq-killing-at-least-f.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Hit offensive (2016): Iraqi security forces free a large number of prisoners from an underground ISIL-operated jail in the city of Hit. Malallah al-Obeidi, a local official in the Al Anbar Governorate, put the number of freed prisoners at around 1,500, saying most of them were civilians. ](/news/2016/04/2/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-ha-t-offensive-2016-iraqi-security-forces-free-a-large-number-of-prisoners-from-an-underground-isil-ope.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): A suicide bomber kills at least 60 people and wounds 70 others after ramming his explosives-laden truck into a security checkpoint at one of the entrances to the Iraqi city of Hillah, south of Baghdad. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/03/6/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-60-people-and-wounds-70-others-after-ramming-his-explosives-laden-truck-in.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Iskandariya suicide bombing: At least 30 people are killed in a suicide attack on a football stadium south of Baghdad, Iraq. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for attack. ](/news/2016/03/25/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-iskandariya-suicide-bombing-at-least-30-people-are-killed-in-a-suicide-attack-on-a-football-stadium-south.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Use of chemical weapons in the Iraqi Civil War: The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant fire mortars containing an unidentified chemical agent killing one and injuring 600 in Taza Khurmatu, Iraq. ](/news/2016/03/12/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-use-of-chemical-weapons-in-the-iraqi-civil-war-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-fire-mortars-cont.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): American-led intervention in Iraq (2014-present): The United States Army's elite Delta Force captures their first suspected ISIL operative during a raid in northern Iraq. The detainee is being interrogated by the U.S. and is expected to be turned over to Iraqi officials in the coming days. ](/news/2016/03/1/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-american-led-intervention-in-iraq-2014-present-the-united-states-army-s-elite-delta-force-captures-th.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): At least 40 people are killed and 58 others wounded following a suicide bombing at a Shi'ite funeral in the city of Miqdadiyah, Diyala Governorate. ISIL claim responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/02/29/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-at-least-40-people-are-killed-and-58-others-wounded-following-a-suicide-bombing-at-a-shi-ite-funeral-in-th.md) _Context: Diyala Governorate, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
