### [2012-05-14](/news/2012/05/14/index.md)

# Over 1,500 Palestinian prisoners in Israeli prisons end their mass hunger strike after reaching an agreement with Israeli authorities in an Egyptian-mediated deal. 

Palestinian inmates in Israeli jails have agreed to end their mass hunger strike under a deal with Israel to improve prison conditions.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-18062016)
2. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/DiplomacyAndPolitics/Article.aspx?id=269964)
2. [Cover Image](http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/60231000/jpg/_60231043_60093498.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Israel and Palestinian factions agree to a fresh 72-hour ceasefire, brokered by Egypt, which is due to begin at 21:00 GMT. ](/news/2014/08/10/israel-and-palestinian-factions-agree-to-a-fresh-72-hour-ceasefire-brokered-by-egypt-which-is-due-to-begin-at-21-00-gmt.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, State of Palestine_
2. [The Arab League, speaking in Cairo, states written guarantees are required if Palestine is to enter into direct negotiations with Israel as Egyptian, Israeli, Palestinian and American representatives meet to talk. ](/news/2010/07/18/the-arab-league-speaking-in-cairo-states-written-guarantees-are-required-if-palestine-is-to-enter-into-direct-negotiations-with-israel-as.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, State of Palestine_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli Airstrikes on Palestinian targets continue, with the Israel Defense Forces firing missiles in Gaza, knocking out the power supply to the East of the city, the Khan Yunis refugee camp and Rafah. Hamas had earlier declared an end to rocket attacks following pressure from the Palestinian National Authority and Egypt. ](/news/2005/09/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-targets-continue-with-the-israel-defense-forces-firing-missiles-in-gaza-k.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, State of Palestine_
4. [Along with the Solomon Islands, the State of Palestine joins Interpol despite objections from Israel. ](/news/2017/09/27/along-with-the-solomon-islands-the-state-of-palestine-joins-interpol-despite-objections-from-israel.md) _Context: Israel, State of Palestine_
5. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel_
6. [Israel arrests Palestinian lawmaker Khalida Jarrar over allegations of her inciting of violence. ](/news/2017/07/2/israel-arrests-palestinian-lawmaker-khalida-jarrar-over-allegations-of-her-inciting-of-violence.md) _Context: Israel, State of Palestine_
7. [Hundreds of Palestinian prisoners in Israeli jails -- activists say up to 1,500 are participating -- begin an open-ended hunger strike to protest poor conditions and the Israeli policy of detention without trial. ](/news/2017/04/17/hundreds-of-palestinian-prisoners-in-israeli-jails-a-activists-say-up-to-1-500-are-participating-a-begin-an-open-ended-hunger-strike-to.md) _Context: Israel, hunger strike_
8. [A summit begins in Paris, France, to restart peace negotiations between Israel and Palestine in an effort to discuss a possible two-state solution to the conflict. However, neither Israel nor Palestine sent representatives to the summit, casting doubts on a breakthrough. ](/news/2017/01/15/a-summit-begins-in-paris-france-to-restart-peace-negotiations-between-israel-and-palestine-in-an-effort-to-discuss-a-possible-two-state-so.md) _Context: Israel, State of Palestine_
9. [U.S. president-elect Donald Trump calls President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi of Egypt, who then agrees to postpone a United Nations resolution regarding Israel. ](/news/2016/12/22/u-s-president-elect-donald-trump-calls-president-abdel-fattah-el-sisi-of-egypt-who-then-agrees-to-postpone-a-united-nations-resolution-reg.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel_
10. [A Palestinian woman is killed and another person is injured in the Gaza Strip by tank fire from Israel. Israel said it responded to mortar rounds and the discovery of another tunnel by Hamas. ](/news/2016/05/5/a-palestinian-woman-is-killed-and-another-person-is-injured-in-the-gaza-strip-by-tank-fire-from-israel-israel-said-it-responded-to-mortar-r.md) _Context: Israel, State of Palestine_
