### [2017-06-9](/news/2017/06/9/index.md)

# Human rights activists accuse forces led by Saudi Arabia and the UAE of kidnapping and torturing people during the Yemeni conflict. 

Fighters backed by UAE accused of kidnapping and torturing hundreds of men, according to independent investigation.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/06/uae-backed-forces-accused-forced-disappearances-170609195500415.html)

### Related:

1. [A helicopter from the Saudi-led coalition bombs a vehicle outside Aden International Airport, wounding at least three Yemeni soldiers. ](/news/2017/02/12/a-helicopter-from-the-saudi-led-coalition-bombs-a-vehicle-outside-aden-international-airport-wounding-at-least-three-yemeni-soldiers.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemeni conflict_
2. [The United States is to limit military support to Saudi Arabia's military intervention in Yemen amid concerns over rising civilian casualties. ](/news/2016/12/13/the-united-states-is-to-limit-military-support-to-saudi-arabia-s-military-intervention-in-yemen-amid-concerns-over-rising-civilian-casualtie.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemeni conflict_
3. [The Saudi-led coalition announces a 48 hour ceasefire in Yemen from noon. ](/news/2016/11/19/the-saudi-led-coalition-announces-a-48-hour-ceasefire-in-yemen-from-noon.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemeni conflict_
4. [The European Parliament adopts a resolution calling for the introduction of an arms embargo against Saudi Arabia, saying the United Kingdom, France and other EU governments should no longer sell weapons to a country accused of targeting civilians in Yemen. ](/news/2016/02/25/the-european-parliament-adopts-a-resolution-calling-for-the-introduction-of-an-arms-embargo-against-saudi-arabia-saying-the-united-kingdom.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemeni conflict_
5. [The United Arab Emirates pulls its troops out of Yemen amid mounting casualties among its forces battling Shia Houthi militants and rising tensions with local fighters in Aden, southern Yemen, which escalated yesterday when Aden International Airport was stormed by local pro-government gunmen. The airport has now been closed. ](/news/2016/02/24/the-united-arab-emirates-pulls-its-troops-out-of-yemen-amid-mounting-casualties-among-its-forces-battling-shia-houthi-militants-and-rising-t.md) _Context: Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, UAE, Yemeni conflict_
6. [A suspected Saudi missile strike on a Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF) clinic in Razih, located in Yemen's northern Saada Governorate, leaves at least five people dead and around a dozen injured. ](/news/2016/01/10/a-suspected-saudi-missile-strike-on-a-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-msf-clinic-in-razih-located-in-yemen-s-northern-saada-governorate-leave.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemeni conflict_
7. [Two senior army commanders from Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are killed, including the head of the Saudi Special forces in Yemen, Colonel Abdullah al-Sahyan, along with dozens of Saudi, Emirati, Sudanese and Yemeni coalition troops in a OTR-21 Tochka missile attack by Houthi forces on their base near the city of Taiz in southwestern Yemen. ](/news/2015/12/14/two-senior-army-commanders-from-saudi-arabia-and-the-united-arab-emirates-are-killed-including-the-head-of-the-saudi-special-forces-in-yeme.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, UAE_
8. [An explosion at an arms depot in Yemen kills 45 Emirati soldiers who were part of the Saudi led coalition. ](/news/2015/09/4/an-explosion-at-an-arms-depot-in-yemen-kills-45-emirati-soldiers-who-were-part-of-the-saudi-led-coalition.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, UAE_
9. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, UAE_
10. [A Saudi-led coalition airstrike on a market in Al Hudaydah Governorate, Yemen, kills at least 20 civilians and six Houthi militants. ](/news/2017/03/10/a-saudi-led-coalition-airstrike-on-a-market-in-al-hudaydah-governorate-yemen-kills-at-least-20-civilians-and-six-houthi-militants.md) _Context: Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemeni conflict_
