### [2017-06-9](/news/2017/06/9/index.md)

# Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): A suicide bomber at a market in Musayyib kills 31 and wounds 35. ISIL claims responsibility. 

A woman suicide bomber killed at least 31 people and wounded 35 in a crowded market in the town of Musayab, 80 km (50 miles) south of Baghdad, on Friday, security sources said.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-iraq-blast-idUSKBN19018K?il=0)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): According to security sources, dozens of people are killed in an overnight attack in Tikrit by suspected ISIL militants. 31 bodies were taken to a hospital, according to a local doctor, while more continued to be found by morning. ](/news/2017/04/5/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-according-to-security-sources-dozens-of-people-are-killed-in-an-overnight-attack-in-tikrit-by-suspected-i.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
2. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): The pro-government Popular Mobilization Forces militia takes control of the mostly destroyed ancient city of Hatra in Iraq's Nineveh Governorate, following clashes with ISIL, who seized the ruins in 2014. ](/news/2017/04/26/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-the-pro-government-popular-mobilization-forces-militia-takes-control-of-the-mostly-destroyed-ancient-city.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
3. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): A car bomb explodes in a Shi'ite neighbourhood in Baghdad, killing at least 48 people. ISIL claimed responsibility for the bombing. ](/news/2017/02/16/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-a-car-bomb-explodes-in-a-shi-ite-neighbourhood-in-baghdad-killing-at-least-48-people-isil-claimed-respon.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
4. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Battle of Mosul (2016-17): The Iraqi Army announces the liberation of the eastern part of Mosul following the collapse of ISIL defenses. ](/news/2017/01/18/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-battle-of-mosul-2016-17-the-iraqi-army-announces-the-liberation-of-the-eastern-part-of-mosul-followin.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): November 2016 Hillah suicide truck bombing: At least 80 Shia pilgrims are killed in a truck bomb attack in Iraq. Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/11/24/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-november-2016-hillah-suicide-truck-bombing-at-least-80-shia-pilgrims-are-killed-in-a-truck-bomb-attack-in.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [ Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Battle of Mosul (2016): The UN reports 232 civilians have been murdered in and near Mosul by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2016/10/28/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-battle-of-mosul-2016-the-un-reports-232-civilians-have-been-murdered-in-and-near-mosul-by-the-islamic.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): ISIL recaptures the western Iraqi town of Ar-Rutbah, which it previously withdrew from in May. ](/news/2016/10/24/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-isil-recaptures-the-western-iraqi-town-of-ar-rutbah-which-it-previously-withdrew-from-in-may.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Battle of Mosul (2016): The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant executes at least 284 people in Mosul. ](/news/2016/10/22/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-battle-of-mosul-2016-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-executes-at-least-284-people-in-mosul.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): ISIL militants launch attacks on government buildings, police stations, and a power station in the city of Kirkuk, Iraqi Kurdistan, killing dozens of people. ](/news/2016/10/21/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-isil-militants-launch-attacks-on-government-buildings-police-stations-and-a-power-station-in-the-city-of.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): 2016 October Baghdad attacks: Attacks targeting a Shi'ite Muslim gathering, a police check-point, and the family of an anti-Islamic State Sunni paramilitary leader, kill at least 55 people in Iraq. ](/news/2016/10/15/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-2016-october-baghdad-attacks-attacks-targeting-a-shi-ite-muslim-gathering-a-police-check-point-and-the.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
