### [2017-06-9](/news/2017/06/9/index.md)

# President Donald Trump claims that James Comey committed perjury during his testimony yesterday, and offers to give his own testimony, "under oath," refuting that he requested Comey to drop the Flynn investigation and that he had asked for Comey's allegence. 




### Source:

1. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/09/us/politics/trump-comey.html)

### Related:

1. [James Comey, the former FBI Director who was dismissed by President Donald Trump last month, appears before the United States Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. Comey says he believes he was fired because of the FBI investigation into the possible collusion between President Trump's campaign team and Russia's interference in the 2016 elections.](/news/2017/06/8/james-comey-the-former-fbi-director-who-was-dismissed-by-president-donald-trump-last-month-appears-before-the-united-states-senate-select.md) _Context: Donald Trump, James Comey_
2. [U.S. President Donald Trump clarifies that he did not record any private conversations with former FBI Director James Comey. ](/news/2017/06/22/u-s-president-donald-trump-clarifies-that-he-did-not-record-any-private-conversations-with-former-fbi-director-james-comey.md) _Context: Donald Trump, James Comey_
3. [U.S. President Donald Trump removes James Comey as Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, with Andrew G. McCabe stepping in as acting director. ](/news/2017/05/9/u-s-president-donald-trump-removes-james-comey-as-director-of-the-federal-bureau-of-investigation-with-andrew-g-mccabe-stepping-in-as-act.md) _Context: Donald Trump, James Comey_
4. [''The New York Times'' reports that a memo from James Comey, read in part to a reporter by a Comey associate, revealed that President Donald Trump asked him to end the F.B.I. investigation of Michael T. Flynn. The White House denies the version of events in the memo. ](/news/2017/05/16/the-new-york-times-reports-that-a-memo-from-james-comey-read-in-part-to-a-reporter-by-a-comey-associate-revealed-that-president-donald.md) _Context: Donald Trump, James Comey_
5. [U.S. President Donald Trump says he and Russian President Vladimir Putin "discussed forming an impenetrable cybersecurity unit so that election hacking, and many other negative things, will be guarded and safe." Trump later says he does not think this will happen. ](/news/2017/07/9/u-s-president-donald-trump-says-he-and-russian-president-vladimir-putin-discussed-forming-an-impenetrable-cybersecurity-unit-so-that-elect.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
6. [Leaders from the Group of Twenty come together at the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, including United States President Donald Trump who is set to meet with President of Russia Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2017/07/7/leaders-from-the-group-of-twenty-come-together-at-the-g20-summit-in-hamburg-germany-including-united-states-president-donald-trump-who-is.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
7. [A request by the state of Hawaii to issue an order blocking President Donald Trump's Executive Order 13780 is rejected in the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. ](/news/2017/07/7/a-request-by-the-state-of-hawaii-to-issue-an-order-blocking-president-donald-trump-s-executive-order-13780-is-rejected-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
8. [U.S. President Donald Trump visits Warsaw, where he speaks of defeating radical Islamist terrorism, pledges to uphold the North Atlantic Treaty, and urges Russia to "join the community of responsible nations." ](/news/2017/07/6/u-s-president-donald-trump-visits-warsaw-where-he-speaks-of-defeating-radical-islamist-terrorism-pledges-to-uphold-the-north-atlantic-tre.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
9. [CNN is accused of threatening to reveal the personal identity of a Reddit user who made a GIF depicting United States President Donald Trump tackling a man to the ground, with CNN's logo superimposed on the man's face. The GIF was modified and posted on Trump's Twitter feed. ](/news/2017/07/4/cnn-is-accused-of-threatening-to-reveal-the-personal-identity-of-a-reddit-user-who-made-a-gif-depicting-united-states-president-donald-trump.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
10. [White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer announces his intention to resign as White House Press Secretary due to Donald Trump's appointment of Anthony Scaramucci as the White House Communications Director, and will formally step down from the role in August 2017. Sarah Huckabee Sanders will take over as the White House Press Secretary in August 2017. ](/news/2017/07/21/white-house-press-secretary-sean-spicer-announces-his-intention-to-resign-as-white-house-press-secretary-due-to-donald-trump-s-appointment-o.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
