### [2012-08-22](/news/2012/08/22/index.md)

# A state of emergency is declared in California over wildfires threatening hundreds of buildings 

California Governor Jerry Brown declared a state of emergency in three Northern California counties on Wednesday after raging wildfires destroyed 50 buildings and threatened more than 200 others.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/08/22/us-usa-wildfires-west-idUSBRE87L0XU20120822)

### Related:

1. [California Governor Jerry Brown declares a state of emergency in 50 counties, as winter storms kill four and cause millions of dollars in damage. ](/news/2017/01/24/california-governor-jerry-brown-declares-a-state-of-emergency-in-50-counties-as-winter-storms-kill-four-and-cause-millions-of-dollars-in-da.md) _Context: California, states of emergency_
2. [A rupture of an underground oil pipeline in California's Santa Barbara County near Refugio State Beach may have released 105,000 gallons of crude oil with tens of thousands gallons released into the Pacific Ocean. Jerry Brown, the Governor of California later declares a state of emergency. ](/news/2015/05/20/a-rupture-of-an-underground-oil-pipeline-in-california-s-santa-barbara-county-near-refugio-state-beach-may-have-released-105-000-gallons-of.md) _Context: California, states of emergency_
3. [ California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger declares a state of emergency, due to severe drought. ](/news/2009/02/28/california-governor-arnold-schwarzenegger-declares-a-state-of-emergency-due-to-severe-drought.md) _Context: California, states of emergency_
4. [ California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger declares a state of emergency in Santa Cruz County for the ongoing Summit Fire burning in the Santa Cruz Mountains. ](/news/2008/05/22/california-governor-arnold-schwarzenegger-declares-a-state-of-emergency-in-santa-cruz-county-for-the-ongoing-summit-fire-burning-in-the-san.md) _Context: California, states of emergency_
5. [ The Governor of California Arnold Schwarzenegger declares a state of emergency in Santa Barbara County, California with hundreds of people ordered to evacuate due to wildfire. ](/news/2007/08/3/the-governor-of-california-arnold-schwarzenegger-declares-a-state-of-emergency-in-santa-barbara-county-california-with-hundreds-of-people.md) _Context: California, states of emergency_
6. [ Arnold Schwarzenegger, Governor of the U.S. state of California, declares a state of emergency, and a reward of USD $500,000 is offered for the capture of the arsonist responsible for the wildfires started in the Twin Pines area of the state.](/news/2006/10/27/arnold-schwarzenegger-governor-of-the-u-s-state-of-california-declares-a-state-of-emergency-and-a-reward-of-usd-500-000-is-offered-for.md) _Context: California, states of emergency_
7. [ California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger declares a state of emergency in San Luis Obispo County, following an earthquake in that county on the previous day. [http://www.cnn.com/2003/US/West/12/23/ca.earthquake/index.html]](/news/2003/12/23/california-governor-arnold-schwarzenegger-declares-a-state-of-emergency-in-san-luis-obispo-county-following-an-earthquake-in-that-county-o.md) _Context: California, states of emergency_
8. [Hurricane Irma is now a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph (215 km/h). Hurricane warnings are issued for the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean, which are expected to be affected Tuesday. Rainfalls of up to 10 inches (25 centimeters) are possible. Irma is forecast to strengthen over the next 48 hours. The governors of Puerto Rico and Florida issue states of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/4/hurricane-irma-is-now-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph-215-km-h-hurricane-warnings-are-issued-for-the-leewa.md) _Context: states of emergency_
9. [The La Tuna Fire continues to burn in Los Angeles, California, becoming the largest fire in the city's history at around 5,800 acres. Mayor Eric Garcetti declares a state of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/3/the-la-tuna-fire-continues-to-burn-in-los-angeles-california-becoming-the-largest-fire-in-the-city-s-history-at-around-5-800-acres-mayor.md) _Context: states of emergency_
10. [California Governor Jerry Brown signs a bill that will protect all California residents, regardless of their immigration status, from unnecessary detention and questioning; similar to those ordinances in sanctuary cities. ](/news/2017/09/12/california-governor-jerry-brown-signs-a-bill-that-will-protect-all-california-residents-regardless-of-their-immigration-status-from-unnece.md) _Context: California_
