### [2012-08-22](/news/2012/08/22/index.md)

# It becomes known that a freight train derailment, yesterday near Baltimore, caused military fiber optic cables to be cut so much that communications were quite seriously disrupted. This in turn caused to justify further delaying the start of the big-gun suspects' trial at Guantnamo Bay by two more days, to within "likely more than a year". 




### Source:

1. [Huffington Post](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/08/22/khalid-sheikh-mohammed-trial_n_1821041.html?utm_hp_ref=world)

### Related:

1. [Two people are killed and at least 15 are hospitalized following a 55-vehicle accident, involving a gas  tanker explosion, on Interstate 95 in Baltimore, Maryland, as cold air causes rain and wet roads to freeze across the Eastern U.S.  Three other deaths are reported from other accidents in the Baltimore-Washington, D.C. area. At least six people have been killed in total on icy roads. ](/news/2016/12/17/two-people-are-killed-and-at-least-15-are-hospitalized-following-a-55-vehicle-accident-involving-a-gas-tanker-explosion-on-interstate-95.md) _Context: Baltimore_
2. [Following his October 5 arrest, U.S. federal prosecutors in Baltimore charge Harold T. Martin III, a former National Security Agency contractor, for violating the Espionage Act, specifically, with felony theft of government property. Prosecutors state that, over a 20-year time period, Martin stole at least 50 terabytes of data and "six full bankers boxes" of classified and other documents. The prosecutors state that Martin had an "arsenal" of weapons in his home. ](/news/2016/10/20/following-his-october-5-arrest-u-s-federal-prosecutors-in-baltimore-charge-harold-t-martin-iii-a-former-national-security-agency-contrac.md) _Context: Baltimore_
3. [Baltimore prosecutors drop all charges against the final three police officers with pending cases in the death of Freddie Gray. None of the six cases resulted in a conviction. ](/news/2016/07/27/baltimore-prosecutors-drop-all-charges-against-the-final-three-police-officers-with-pending-cases-in-the-death-of-freddie-gray-none-of-the.md) _Context: Baltimore_
4. [Baltimore police officer Caesar Goodson is cleared of all charges for the murder of Freddie Gray, a black detainee, on April 19, 2015. ](/news/2016/06/23/baltimore-police-officer-caesar-goodson-is-cleared-of-all-charges-for-the-murder-of-freddie-gray-a-black-detainee-on-april-19-2015.md) _Context: Baltimore_
5. [Judge Barry Williams finds Baltimore, Maryland, Police Officer Edward Nero not guilty of all charges. Nero  was accused of second-degree intentional assault, two counts of misconduct in office, and reckless endangerment. Community leaders and elected officials appeal for calm. ](/news/2016/05/23/judge-barry-williams-finds-baltimore-maryland-police-officer-edward-nero-not-guilty-of-all-charges-nero-was-accused-of-second-degree-int.md) _Context: Baltimore_
6. [Exaggerator wins the Preakness Stakes at Pimlico Race Course in Baltimore, Maryland. ](/news/2016/05/21/exaggerator-wins-the-preakness-stakes-at-pimlico-race-course-in-baltimore-maryland.md) _Context: Baltimore_
7. [Maryland state elections officials decertify the results of Baltimore's April 26, 2016, primary election because, for example, the number of ballots cast was hundreds more than the number of voters who checked in at polling places. ](/news/2016/05/12/maryland-state-elections-officials-decertify-the-results-of-baltimoreas-april-26-2016-primary-election-because-for-example-the-number.md) _Context: Baltimore_
8. [A helicopter crashes near Baltimore-Washington International Airport in Baltimore, Maryland. However, no fatalities are reported. ](/news/2016/04/16/a-helicopter-crashes-near-baltimoreawashington-international-airport-in-baltimore-maryland-however-no-fatalities-are-reported.md) _Context: Baltimore_
9. [After the jury fails to reach a unanimous decision, a Baltimore, Maryland, judge declares a mistrial in the trial of police officer William Porter, the first officer to be charged in the death of Freddie Gray.  ](/news/2015/12/16/after-the-jury-fails-to-reach-a-unanimous-decision-a-baltimore-maryland-judge-declares-a-mistrial-in-the-trial-of-police-officer-william.md) _Context: Baltimore_
10. [A Baltimore, Maryland deadlocked jury was told by the trial judge to resume deliberations after closing arguments in the first trial of police officer William Porter, charged in the death of Freddie Gray.  With demonstrations and unrest following the death, the city has cancelled leave for police officers and the mayor has called for calm when a verdict is announced. ](/news/2015/12/15/a-baltimore-maryland-deadlocked-jury-was-told-by-the-trial-judge-to-resume-deliberations-after-closing-arguments-in-the-first-trial-of-poli.md) _Context: Baltimore_
