### [2012-08-22](/news/2012/08/22/index.md)

# Penn State's ex-president Graham Spanier rejects the report by former FBI head Louis Freeh accusing the university of a cover-up, saying he never heard even a hint of child sex abuse by Jerry Sandusky, despite indications of "horseplay", having never met a higher level of awareness. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/08/23/us-usa-pennstate-idUSBRE87M00020120823)
1. [Cover Image](http://s1.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20120823&t=2&i=645126783&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=CBRE87M02OF00)

### Related:

1. [Charges of perjury and child endangerment, among others, are filed against former Penn State President Graham Spanier and two other administrators in connection with the Penn State scandal involving imprisoned former football coach Jerry Sandusky; new charges also are filed against Athletic Director Tim Curley and retired Vice President Gary Schultz, who are already under arrest on perjury and failure to report child abuse charges. ](/news/2012/11/1/charges-of-perjury-and-child-endangerment-among-others-are-filed-against-former-penn-state-president-graham-spanier-and-two-other-administ.md) _Context: Graham Spanier, Jerry Sandusky, Penn State child sex abuse scandal, Pennsylvania State University_
2. [Former Pennsylvania State University president Graham Spanier, former vice president Gary Schultz, and former athletic director Timothy Curley are sentenced to prison for covering up ex-coach Jerry Sandusky's criminal sexual acts, thereby letting him victimize more boys. ](/news/2017/06/2/former-pennsylvania-state-university-president-graham-spanier-former-vice-president-gary-schultz-and-former-athletic-director-timothy-curl.md) _Context: Graham Spanier, Penn State child sex abuse scandal, Pennsylvania State University_
3. [Former FBI Director Louis Freeh's report into the Penn State sex abuse scandal is released, alleging that late head football coach Joe Paterno and other school officials covered up child sexual abuse by former assistant coach Jerry Sandusky. ](/news/2012/07/12/former-fbi-director-louis-freeh-s-report-into-the-penn-state-sex-abuse-scandal-is-released-alleging-that-late-head-football-coach-joe-pater.md) _Context: FBI, Jerry Sandusky, Louis Freeh_
4. [Former Penn State assistant coach Jerry Sandusky is transferred to State Correctional Institution - Greene in Franklin Township, Pennsylvania, to serve his 30-to-60-year sentence on child sexual abuse charges. ](/news/2012/10/31/former-penn-state-assistant-coach-jerry-sandusky-is-transferred-to-state-correctional-institution-a-greene-in-franklin-township-pennsylva.md) _Context: Jerry Sandusky, Penn State child sex abuse scandal_
5. [The U.S. State Department removes all families of employees and nonessential personnel from Cuba following apparent sonic attacks that injured 21 personnel on the island. Cuba denies any involvement and has authorized the FBI to travel to the island to help the ongoing investigation into the causes. ](/news/2017/09/29/the-u-s-state-department-removes-all-families-of-employees-and-nonessential-personnel-from-cuba-following-apparent-sonic-attacks-that-injur.md) _Context: FBI_
6. [Both the FBI and NSD declare that they possess no records indicating that Trump Tower in New York City, New York was wiretapped earlier in March. ](/news/2017/09/2/both-the-fbi-and-nsd-declare-that-they-possess-no-records-indicating-that-trump-tower-in-new-york-city-new-york-was-wiretapped-earlier-in-m.md) _Context: FBI_
7. [A woman is killed aboard the "Emerald Princess" cruise ship as it sails to a port of call in Juneau, Alaska, U.S. The passengers are detained while the FBI investigates. Authorities suspect the incident is related to domestic violence. ](/news/2017/07/26/a-woman-is-killed-aboard-the-emerald-princess-cruise-ship-as-it-sails-to-a-port-of-call-in-juneau-alaska-u-s-the-passengers-are-detaine.md) _Context: FBI_
8. [United States president Donald Trump announces lawyer Christopher A. Wray as his nominee to be director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ](/news/2017/06/7/united-states-president-donald-trump-announces-lawyer-christopher-a-wray-as-his-nominee-to-be-director-of-the-federal-bureau-of-investigati.md) _Context: FBI_
9. [Jared Kushner, son-in-law of and Senior Advisor to the President of the United States, is identified as a main focus of investigations into Russian ties by the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ](/news/2017/05/25/jared-kushner-son-in-law-of-and-senior-advisor-to-the-president-of-the-united-states-is-identified-as-a-main-focus-of-investigations-into.md) _Context: FBI_
10. [The Federal Bureau of Investigation raids a Republican fundraising firm in Annapolis, Maryland. ](/news/2017/05/11/the-federal-bureau-of-investigation-raids-a-republican-fundraising-firm-in-annapolis-maryland.md) _Context: FBI_
