### [2012-08-22](/news/2012/08/22/index.md)

# Syrian civil war:A Chinese state news commentary on recent U.S. "red line" remarks states that, once again, Western powers are digging deep for excuses to intervene militarily in another conflict-torn Middle East country. It sharply denounces the U.S.' "calculus". 




### Source:

1. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/world/2012-08/22/c_131800638.htm)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/08/22/us-syria-crisis-idUSBRE8610SH20120822)

### Related:

1. [Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states-calli.md) _Context: China, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Russia vetoes a French-drafted United Nations Security Council resolution that calls for a ceasefire in Aleppo. China, which had backed Russia's four previous Syria-related vetoes, abstains. ](/news/2016/10/8/russia-vetoes-a-french-drafted-united-nations-security-council-resolution-that-calls-for-a-ceasefire-in-aleppo-china-which-had-backed-russ.md) _Context: China, Syrian Civil War_
3. [China's People's Liberation Army Air Force says it has conducted "combat patrols" near the disputed Spratly Islands and Scarborough Shoal in the South China Sea as part of an effort to normalize such drills and respond to security threats. Xian H-6 strategic bombers and Su-30 fighter jets took part in the patrols, according to Xinhua News Agency. ](/news/2016/08/6/china-s-people-s-liberation-army-air-force-says-it-has-conducted-combat-patrols-near-the-disputed-spratly-islands-and-scarborough-shoal-in.md) _Context: China, Xinhua News Agency_
4. [One Chinese national is killed and three others injured in a possible militant attack on  a Chinese-invested company in Laos, the official Xinhua News Agency reports. ](/news/2016/03/2/one-chinese-national-is-killed-and-three-others-injured-in-a-possible-militant-attack-on-a-chinese-invested-company-in-laos-the-official-x.md) _Context: China, Xinhua News Agency_
5. [Japan's prime minister Shinzo Abe says he is considering sending Japanese Navy warships to the South China Sea to back-up U.S. naval operations, saying, "With regard to activity by the Self-Defense Forces in the South China Sea, I will consider it while focusing on what effect the situation has on Japan's security." In response, China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesperson, Hong Lei, told Chinese state media that China will remain on "high alert for intervention by Japan in the South China Sea issue". ](/news/2015/11/21/japan-s-prime-minister-shinza-abe-says-he-is-considering-sending-japanese-navy-warships-to-the-south-china-sea-to-back-up-u-s-naval-operat.md) _Context: China, Xinhua News Agency_
6. [Chinese state news agency  Xinhua joins critics of Shenyang's handling of serious pollution problems. "The city of Shenyang has failed to apply emergency measures that could have reduced smog, and didn't provide advisories to residents to stay indoors," Xinhua wrote.  The BBC reported pollution readings in the northeastern Chinese city have been 50 times higher than levels considered safe by the World Health Organization (WHO).  ](/news/2015/11/10/chinese-state-news-agency-xinhua-joins-critics-of-shenyang-s-handling-of-serious-pollution-problems-the-city-of-shenyang-has-failed-to-ap.md) _Context: China, Xinhua News Agency_
7. [16th Summit of the Non-Aligned Movement in Tehran:The summit is closed with accepting a 600-page final document that mainly focuses on the Palestinian issue as well as on Iran's nuclear energy program, but makes no mention of the Syrian civil war. A Chinese state commentary qualifies the summit as an "important" diplomatic "accomplishment from Iran", having hosted "leaders and delegates of over 100 countries". ](/news/2012/09/1/16th-summit-of-the-non-aligned-movement-in-tehran-pthe-summit-is-closed-with-accepting-a-600-page-final-document-that-mainly-focuses-on-the.md) _Context: China, Syrian Civil War_
8. [ Xinhua News Agency says China has rescued 25 sailors and the ''De Xin Hai'', the hijacked Chinese cargo ship, two months after they were seized off Somalia. ](/news/2009/12/28/xinhua-news-agency-says-china-has-rescued-25-sailors-and-the-de-xin-hai-the-hijacked-chinese-cargo-ship-two-months-after-they-were-se.md) _Context: China, Xinhua News Agency_
9. [The United States launches 60  Tomahawk cruise missiles aimed at the Ash Sha'irat air base in Homs Governorate in response to the Syrian government's alleged use of chemical weapons in its attack on the town of Khan Shaykhun. The Government of Syria claims the attack killed six soldiers and nine civilians, including four children. ](/news/2017/04/7/the-united-states-launches-60-tomahawk-cruise-missiles-aimed-at-the-ash-sha-irat-air-base-in-homs-governorate-in-response-to-the-syrian-gov.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
10. [Prime Minister of Norway Erna Solberg meets with Premier of the People's Republic of China Li Keqiang in Beijing to announce the end of a diplomatic freeze between the countries and the resumption of free trade negotiations between China and Norway. ](/news/2017/04/7/prime-minister-of-norway-erna-solberg-meets-with-premier-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-li-keqiang-in-beijing-to-announce-the-end-of-a-di.md) _Context: China_
