### [2005-04-29](/news/2005/04/29/index.md)

#  Kuomintang Chairman Lien Chan meets with Communist Party of China Secretary-General Hu Jintao in the highest level contact between leaders of the two parties since the meeting of Chiang Kai-shek and Mao Zedong in August 1945 at the end of the Second Sino-Japanese War. [http://news.ft.com/cms/s/85702204-b864-11d9-bc7c-00000e2511c8.html]




### Related:

1. [ The Republic of China (Taiwan) holds a large military parade in Taipei to commemorate World War II in support of its claims that Kuomintang forces led by Chiang Kai-Shek played a leading role in the defeat of the Empire of Japan with the Chinese Communist Party under Mao Tse-Tung playing a minor role. ](/news/2015/07/4/the-republic-of-china-taiwan-holds-a-large-military-parade-in-taipei-to-commemorate-world-war-ii-in-support-of-its-claims-that-kuomintang.md) _Context: Chiang Kai-Shek, Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party)_
2. [Statues of 4 Chinese leaders, Mao Zedong, Deng Xiaoping, Jiang Zemin, Hu Jintao, are unveiled in Sichuan. ](/news/2010/06/25/statues-of-4-chinese-leaders-mao-zedong-deng-xiaoping-jiang-zemin-hu-jintao-are-unveiled-in-sichuan.md) _Context: Hu Jintao, Mao Zedong_
3. [ General Secretary Hu Jintao of the Communist Party in the People's Republic of China and Nationalist Party Chairman Wu Poh-hsiung in Taiwan meet in Beijing to discuss cross-Strait relations. ](/news/2009/05/26/general-secretary-hu-jintao-of-the-communist-party-in-the-people-s-republic-of-china-and-nationalist-party-chairman-wu-poh-hsiung-in-taiwan.md) _Context: Hu Jintao, Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party)_
4. [ Hu Jintao, the President of the People's Republic of China calls for resumption of official talks between mainland China and Taiwan in a meeting with Wu Po-hsiung, the Chairman of Taiwan's ruling party the Kuomintang. ](/news/2008/05/29/hu-jintao-the-president-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-calls-for-resumption-of-official-talks-between-mainland-china-and-taiwan-in-a-me.md) _Context: Hu Jintao, Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party)_
5. [ Hu Jintao, General Secretary of the Communist Party of China, holds an official meeting and banquet with the Honorary Chairman of the Nationalist Party of China (Kuomintang), Lien Chan. The two reached on the new "15 Favourable Policies" on relations between the Chinese mainland and Taiwan. ](/news/2006/04/16/hu-jintao-general-secretary-of-the-communist-party-of-china-holds-an-official-meeting-and-banquet-with-the-honorary-chairman-of-the-natio.md) _Context: Hu Jintao, Lien Chan_
6. [ 2005 Kuomintang visits to Mainland: a 70-member delegation led by Kuomintang chairman Lien Chan left Taipei for Nanjing via Hong Kong, launching Lien Chan's 8-day Taiwan Strait peace tour, also the first official visit by the highest leader of Kuomintang to Mainland China in 60 years. ](/news/2005/04/26/2005-kuomintang-visits-to-mainland-a-70-member-delegation-led-by-kuomintang-chairman-lien-chan-left-taipei-for-nanjing-via-hong-kong-laun.md) _Context: Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party), Lien Chan_
7. [ The High Court in the Republic of China rejects a petition by the Kuomintang to nullify the March 2004 presidential election result that saw Chen Shui-bian re-elected president by a margin of 0.2% over Lien Chan. The KMT plans to appeal to the Supreme Court. ](/news/2004/11/4/the-high-court-in-the-republic-of-china-rejects-a-petition-by-the-kuomintang-to-nullify-the-march-2004-presidential-election-result-that-sa.md) _Context: Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party), Lien Chan_
8. [Ling Jihua, former top aide to paramount leader Hu Jintao, is sentenced to life in prison for illegally obtaining state secrets and taking over $11 million in bribes. Ling's misfortunes started when he was accused of trying to cover up a scandal connected to his 23-year-old son's deadly crash in a Ferrari in 2012. ](/news/2016/07/4/ling-jihua-former-top-aide-to-paramount-leader-hu-jintao-is-sentenced-to-life-in-prison-for-illegally-obtaining-state-secrets-and-taking-o.md) _Context: Hu Jintao_
9. [Tsai Ing-wen of the Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) is elected the first female President of Taiwan. Eric Chu, the ruling Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party) candidate concedes defeat and announced his resignation as party leader. Ms. Tsai vowed to preserve the status quo in relations with China. The DPP supports independence for the island. ](/news/2016/01/16/tsai-ing-wen-of-the-democratic-progressive-party-dpp-is-elected-the-first-female-president-of-taiwan-eric-chu-the-ruling-kuomintang-chi.md) _Context: Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party)_
10. [Former vice president Annette Lu of Taiwan files charges of treason against former vice president Lien Chan, accusing him of breaching national security when he attended the 2015 China Victory Day Parade. ](/news/2015/09/5/former-vice-president-annette-lu-of-taiwan-files-charges-of-treason-against-former-vice-president-lien-chan-accusing-him-of-breaching-natio.md) _Context: Lien Chan_
