### [2011-11-30](/news/2011/11/30/index.md)

# It is announced that Laurent Gbagbo, the former President of Cte d'Ivoire, has been transferred to the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands, to face trial for crimes against humanity. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2011/11/29/world/africa/ivory-coast-gbagbo/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Philippine Drug War. A Filipino lawyer files a complaint of "mass murder and crimes against humanity" against Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte and eleven other officials at the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2017/04/24/philippine-drug-war-a-filipino-lawyer-files-a-complaint-of-mass-murder-and-crimes-against-humanity-against-philippines-president-rodrigo.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Netherlands, The Hague, crimes against humanity_
2. [Former Cte d'Ivoire President Laurent Gbagbo appears before the International Criminal Court to face charges of crimes against humanity. ](/news/2011/12/5/former-cote-d-ivoire-president-laurent-gbagbo-appears-before-the-international-criminal-court-to-face-charges-of-crimes-against-humanity.md) _Context: Cte d'Ivoire, International Criminal Court, Laurent Gbagbo, crimes against humanity_
3. [The trial of former President of the Ivory Coast Laurent Gbagbo for crimes against humanity begins at the International Criminal Court in The Hague. ](/news/2016/01/28/the-trial-of-former-president-of-the-ivory-coast-laurent-gbagbo-for-crimes-against-humanity-begins-at-the-international-criminal-court-in-th.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Laurent Gbagbo, The Hague_
4. [United Nations and French forces open fire on the residence of the President of Cte d'Ivoire Laurent Gbagbo in response to recent attacks. ](/news/2011/04/10/united-nations-and-french-forces-open-fire-on-the-residence-of-the-president-of-cote-d-ivoire-laurent-gbagbo-in-response-to-recent-attacks.md) _Context: Cte d'Ivoire, Laurent Gbagbo, President_
5. [Former Vice President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Jean-Pierre Bemba, goes on trial for crimes against humanity and war crimes at the International Criminal Court in The Hague. ](/news/2010/11/22/former-vice-president-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-jean-pierre-bemba-goes-on-trial-for-crimes-against-humanity-and-war-crimes-a.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, The Hague, crimes against humanity_
6. [ The International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia in The Hague, Netherlands indicts Slobodan Milosevic and four others for war crimes and crimes against humanity committed in Kosovo.](/news/1999/05/27/the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-in-the-hague-netherlands-indicts-slobodan-miloa-evia-and-four-others-for-wa.md) _Context: Netherlands, The Hague, crimes against humanity_
7. [Aftermath of the Bosnian War and Bosnian genocide. An appeals court in The Hague rules that Netherlands is partly to blame for the deaths of some 350 Muslim Bosnian men in the 1995 Srebrenica genocide and, in a move considered landmark, orders it to pay limited damages. ](/news/2017/06/27/aftermath-of-the-bosnian-war-and-bosnian-genocide-an-appeals-court-in-the-hague-rules-that-netherlands-is-partly-to-blame-for-the-deaths-of.md) _Context: Netherlands, The Hague_
8. [Foreign relations of Burundi. The Parliament of Burundi votes overwhelmingly to withdraw Burundi from the Dutch-based International Criminal Court. ](/news/2016/10/12/foreign-relations-of-burundi-the-parliament-of-burundi-votes-overwhelmingly-to-withdraw-burundi-from-the-dutch-based-international-criminal.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Netherlands_
9. [The United Nations General Assembly humanitarian committee adopts, by a 112&ndash;19 vote (with 50 abstentions), a resolution that condemns North Korea for gross violations of human rights and supports referring the country and its leaders to the International Criminal Court in The Hague. The resolution will be sent to the full General Assembly, where it is expected to pass, given the committee vote. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-united-nations-general-assembly-humanitarian-committee-adopts-by-a-112-ndash-19-vote-with-50-abstentions-a-resolution-that-condemns.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, The Hague_
10. [United Nations. Cuba defends North Korea by circulating an amendment to a European-Japanese draft resolution recommending the referral of North Korea to the International Criminal Court for crimes against humanity. ](/news/2014/11/13/united-nations-cuba-defends-north-korea-by-circulating-an-amendment-to-a-european-japanese-draft-resolution-recommending-the-referral-of-no.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, crimes against humanity_
