### [2017-10-12](/news/2017/10/12/index.md)

# Palestinian factions, Hamas and Fatah, sign a unity deal in Cairo, that is also publicly supported by the governments of Egypt and Saudi Arabia. The Fatah-controlled Palestinian National Authority (PNA), along with Israel, currently govern the West Bank. According to the signatories of the deal, the PNA will take administrative control of the Gaza Strip, and, along with Hamas, police its borders. The signatories consider the agreement a first step, and, if productive, plan to meet next month to address the remaining issues. 

The agreement allows the Palestinian Authority to run the embattled coastal strip, but leaves several thorny issues unresolved.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-41591450)
2. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/10/12/world/middleeast/palestinians-fatah-hamas-gaza.html)
2. [Cover Image](https://static01.nyt.com/images/2017/10/13/world/13Palestinian2/13Palestinian2-facebookJumbo.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli airstrikes on Palestinian areas continue. IDF planes and artillery strike Gaza knocking out power to parts of the city, destroy a bridge in Beit Hanoun, fire missiles at a Fatah Youth Centre, an office and a refugee camp in the central Gaza Strip. Israeli troops later raided offices of Hamas and Islamic Jihad in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/28/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-areas-continue-idf-planes-and-artillery-strike-gaza-knocking-out-power-to.md) _Context: Fatah, Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel, Palestinian, West Bank_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli Airstrikes on Palestinian targets continue, with the Israel Defense Forces firing missiles in Gaza, knocking out the power supply to the East of the city, the Khan Yunis refugee camp and Rafah. Hamas had earlier declared an end to rocket attacks following pressure from the Palestinian National Authority and Egypt. ](/news/2005/09/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-targets-continue-with-the-israel-defense-forces-firing-missiles-in-gaza-k.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel, Palestinian, Palestinian National Authority_
3. [Hamas, through Egyptian-mediated talks, agrees to dissolve its Gaza administration, hold talks with the Fatah West Bank government, and hold elections for a Palestinian unity government. ](/news/2017/09/17/hamas-through-egyptian-mediated-talks-agrees-to-dissolve-its-gaza-administration-hold-talks-with-the-fatah-west-bank-government-and-hold.md) _Context: Egypt, Fatah, Gaza Strip, Hamas, West Bank_
4. [ Interim Israeli Prime minister Ehud Olmert postpones until Sunday official discourse which would ban Palestinian movements between Gaza and the West Bank, bar Palestinians from working in Israel and stop transfer of $50 million tax receipts to the Palestinian Authority. All these measures, criticized by Israeli Labor Party leader Amir Peretz, follows the victory of Hamas over Fatah during the January 2006 legislative elections. ](/news/2006/02/17/interim-israeli-prime-minister-ehud-olmert-postpones-until-sunday-official-discourse-which-would-ban-palestinian-movements-between-gaza-and.md) _Context: Fatah, Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel, West Bank_
5. [ The Israeli Defense Force launches Operation First Rain, a series of air strikes on Palestinian targets in the Gaza Strip, including an alleged Hamas weapons factory and a children's school. According to Israel the operation's goal is to stop shelling of southern Israeli towns and villages by Palestinian militants, though several civilians have been injured, including an infant. At least 200 Palestinians have been arrested in overnight IDF raids in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/25/the-israeli-defense-force-launches-operation-first-rain-a-series-of-air-strikes-on-palestinian-targets-in-the-gaza-strip-including-an-all.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel, Palestinian, West Bank_

### Changes:

1. [Palestinian factions, Hamas and Fatah, sign a unity deal in Cairo, that is publicly supported by Egypt and Saudi Arabia. The Fatah-controlled Palestinian National Authority, along with Israel, currently governs the West Bank. The PNA will take administrative control of the Gaza Strip, and, along with Hamas, police its borders. The parties consider the agreement a first step, and, if productive, plan to meet next month to address the remaining issues. Israel opposes any involvement by Hamas in a Palestinian government. ](/news/2017/10/12/palestinian-factions-hamas-and-fatah-sign-a-unity-deal-in-cairo-that-is-publicly-supported-by-egypt-and-saudi-arabia-the-fatah-controlle.md) _2017-10-13 00:30:06 (First version)_
1. [Palestinian factions, Hamas and Fatah, sign a unity deal in Cairo, that is also publicly supported by the governments of Egypt and Saudi Arabia. The Fatah-controlled Palestinian National Authority (PNA), along with Israel, currently govern the West Bank. According to the signatories of the deal, the PNA will take administrative control of the Gaza Strip, and, along with Hamas, police its borders. The signatories consider the agreement a first step, and, if productive, plan to meet next month to address the remaining issues. ](/news/2017/10/12/palestinian-factions-hamas-and-fatah-sign-a-unity-deal-in-cairo-that-is-also-publicly-supported-by-the-governments-of-egypt-and-saudi-ara.md) _(Current version)_
