### [2007-08-8](/news/2007/08/8/index.md)

#  Xanana Gusmao is sworn in as the Prime Minister of East Timor with the opposition Fretilin party boycotting the ceremony. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/6936181.stm)

### Related:

1. [  A standoff occurs at Dili Airport as to whether jailed former Government Minister Rogerio Lobato can leave East Timor for medical treatment in Malaysia. [http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2007/08/09/2000939.htm (ABC News Australia)] Mobs burn hundreds of houses in pro-Fretilin areas between Viqueque and Baucau in protest at the appointment of Xanana Gusmao as the Prime Minister of East Timor with 60 people arrested in Baucau](/news/2007/08/9/a-standoff-occurs-at-dili-airport-as-to-whether-jailed-former-government-minister-rogerio-lobato-can-leave-east-timor-for-medical-treatmen.md) _Context: East Timor, Fretilin, Xanana Gusmao_
2. [ Jose Ramos-Horta, the President of East Timor, selects Xanana Gusmao as the Prime Minister of East Timor. ](/news/2007/08/6/josa-c-ramos-horta-the-president-of-east-timor-selects-xanana-gusmapso-as-the-prime-minister-of-east-timor.md) _Context: East Timor, Prime Minister, Xanana Gusmao_
3. [Elections are held in East Timor to vote for the nation's 4th President. Francisco Guterres, runner-up in the 2007 and 2012 elections, is expected to win due to the support of Xanana Gusmao. ](/news/2017/03/20/elections-are-held-in-east-timor-to-vote-for-the-nation-s-4th-president-francisco-guterres-runner-up-in-the-2007-and-2012-elections-is-ex.md) _Context: East Timor, Xanana Gusmao_
4. [Mario Viegas Carrascalao resigns as the Deputy Prime Minister of East Timor leaving the Prime Minister Xanana Gusmao without a majority in the Parliament.  ](/news/2010/09/10/ma-rio-viegas-carrascalapso-resigns-as-the-deputy-prime-minister-of-east-timor-leaving-the-prime-minister-xanana-gusmapso-without-a-majority-i.md) _Context: East Timor, Xanana Gusmao_
5. [ Youths in East Timor attack Australian Army forces and United Nations personnel following the announcement that Xanana Gusmo would be the next Prime Minister. ](/news/2007/08/7/youths-in-east-timor-attack-australian-army-forces-and-united-nations-personnel-following-the-announcement-that-xanana-gusmao-would-be-the.md) _Context: East Timor, Prime Minister_
6. [ Fretilin wins more votes than any other party in the East Timorese election with 29 per cent of the vote but has to form a coalition with other parties to form a government. ](/news/2007/07/4/fretilin-wins-more-votes-than-any-other-party-in-the-east-timorese-election-with-29-per-cent-of-the-vote-but-has-to-form-a-coalition-with-o.md) _Context: East Timor, Fretilin_
7. [ Australian troops enter the town of Same in East Timor where fugitive East Timorese army officer Alfredo Reinado was located with orders to arrest Reinado from the President of East Timor Xanana Gusmao. Reinado evades capture but five of his men are killed in the Battle of Same. ](/news/2007/03/4/australian-troops-enter-the-town-of-same-in-east-timor-where-fugitive-east-timorese-army-officer-alfredo-reinado-was-located-with-orders-to.md) _Context: East Timor, Xanana Gusmao_
8. [ Xanana Gusmao, President of East Timor, asks Prime Minister Mari Alkatiri to resign. ](/news/2006/06/21/xanana-gusmapso-president-of-east-timor-asks-prime-minister-mara-alkatiri-to-resign.md) _Context: East Timor, Xanana Gusmao_
9. [British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to ''The New York Times''. British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connection-with-monday-s-manchester-bombing-attack-for-most-of-the-day.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
10. [Following the Obama Administration's pledge of additional Special Operations troops to Iraq, several members of Iraq's ruling alliance state that only the Iraqi Parliament can authorize the action, and political associates of Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi report such a troop expansion would be unacceptable. Several members of Iraqi militias have also decried a deployment of more U.S. troops. During the pull out from Iraq, president Obama promised there would be no more "boots on the ground" in Iraq again. ](/news/2015/12/3/following-the-obama-administration-s-pledge-of-additional-special-operations-troops-to-iraq-several-members-of-iraqas-ruling-alliance-sta.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
