### [2016-05-22](/news/2016/05/22/index.md)

# Austrian presidential election, 2016. The second round of voting takes place to elect either Norbert Hofer or Alexander Van der Bellen as President of Austria. 

Analysts and recent polls say Freedom Party candidate Norbert Hofer has a strong chance of defeating the Green Party-backed Alexander Van der Bellen.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-36351359)
2. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2016/05/21/austria-presidency-elections-norbert-hofer-alexander-van-der-bellen/84642124/)

### Related:

1. [Austrian presidential election, 2016. Voters in Austria go to the polls to elect a new President in a second round run-off between Green candidate Alexander Van der Bellen and Freedom Party of Austria candidate Norbert Hofer. Projections show that Van der Bellen has won with Hofer conceding defeat. ](/news/2016/12/4/austrian-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-austria-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-a-new-president-in-a-second-round-run-off-between-green-can.md) _Context: Alexander Van der Bellen, Austrian presidential election, 2016, Norbert Hofer, President_
2. [ Austrian presidential election, 2016. Independent candidate Alexander Van der Bellen, a member of The Greens, is elected President of Austria in a tight contest that was decided by mail-in votes. ](/news/2016/05/23/austrian-presidential-election-2016-independent-candidate-alexander-van-der-bellen-a-member-of-the-greens-is-elected-president-of-austr.md) _Context: Alexander Van der Bellen, Austrian presidential election, 2016, President_
3. [Austrian presidential election, 2016. Austrians vote in the first round of electing the next president. Preliminary estimates indicate FPO's Norbert Hofer won the first round with 36 percent of the vote. Greens' Alexander Van der Bellen, who is supported by the Green Party, garnered 20%, and another independent, Irmgard Griss, took 18.5 percent. President Heinz Fischer was not eligible to be re-elected. Candidates representing the two leading parties, that have ruled for the past 70 years, were eliminated. Hofer and Van der Bellen will compete in the runoff election on May 22, 2016. ](/news/2016/04/24/austrian-presidential-election-2016-austrians-vote-in-the-first-round-of-electing-the-next-president-preliminary-estimates-indicate-fpa.md) _Context: Alexander Van der Bellen, Austrian presidential election, 2016, Norbert Hofer_
4. [Austrian presidential election, 2016. Freedom Party of Austria presidential candidate Norbert Hofer intends to hold a referendum on European Union membership if elected. ](/news/2016/11/24/austrian-presidential-election-2016-freedom-party-of-austria-presidential-candidate-norbert-hofer-intends-to-hold-a-referendum-on-european.md) _Context: Austrian presidential election, 2016, Norbert Hofer_
5. [Austrian presidential election, 2016. Austria-s highest court orders a repeat of the presidential elections narrowly lost in May by right-wing populist Freedom Party of Austria candidate Norbert Hofer. The margin of votes was less than 1%. ](/news/2016/07/1/austrian-presidential-election-2016-austria-s-highest-court-orders-a-repeat-of-the-presidential-elections-narrowly-lost-in-may-by-right.md) _Context: Austrian presidential election, 2016, Norbert Hofer_
6. [Republic of the Congo parliamentary election, 2017. Voters in the Republic of the Congo return to the polls for the second round of an election for 139 National Assembly members, after the governing Congolese Party of Labour won 70 seats in the first round two weeks earlier. ](/news/2017/07/30/republic-of-the-congo-parliamentary-election-2017-voters-in-the-republic-of-the-congo-return-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-an-elect.md) _Context: second round_
7. [Mongolian presidential election, 2017. Mongolians go to the polls to elect a new president. The centre-right Democratic Party's Battulga Khaltmaa wins a plurality of votes, but falls short of a majority, necessitating a second round. ](/news/2017/06/26/mongolian-presidential-election-2017-mongolians-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-a-new-president-the-centre-right-democratic-party-s-battulga-kha.md) _Context: second round_
8. [French legislative election, 2017. Voters in France return to the polls for the second round of a legislative election, with 573 of 577 seats in the National Assembly yet to be decided after the first round. ](/news/2017/06/18/french-legislative-election-2017-voters-in-france-return-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-a-legislative-election-with-573-of-577-seat.md) _Context: second round_
9. [French presidential election, 2017. Voters in France return to the polls for a run-off, to elect either Emmanuel Macron or Marine Le Pen as the new President of France.](/news/2017/05/7/french-presidential-election-2017-voters-in-france-return-to-the-polls-for-a-run-off-to-elect-either-emmanuel-macron-or-marine-le-pen-as.md) _Context: second round_
10. [French presidential election, 2017. Voting begins in territories and diplomatic missions west of Metropolitan France for the second round of the presidential election between Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen. ](/news/2017/05/6/french-presidential-election-2017-voting-begins-in-territories-and-diplomatic-missions-west-of-metropolitan-france-for-the-second-round-of.md) _Context: second round_
