### [2016-05-22](/news/2016/05/22/index.md)

#  China-Taiwan Relations. China threatens to cut off regular communication with Taiwan unless it acknowledges the "One China principle". 

SHANGHAI (Reuters) - Only by confirming the...


### Source:

1. [Business Insider](http://www.businessinsider.com/r-one-china-principle-must-be-basis-for-relations-with-taiwan-xinhua-2016-5)
2. [CNBC](http://www.cnbc.com/2016/05/22/china-pressures-taiwans-president-tsai-ing-wen-to-acknowledge-one-china.html)

### Related:

1. [Foreign relations of Taiwan. Burkina Faso and Swaziland refuse to break relations with Taiwan and recognize the One-China policy despite being offered aid from China. ](/news/2017/01/25/foreign-relations-of-taiwan-burkina-faso-and-swaziland-refuse-to-break-relations-with-taiwan-and-recognize-the-one-china-policy-despite-bei.md) _Context: China, One-China policy, Taiwan_
2. [Cross-Strait relations. China is blocking Taiwan's efforts to join the International Civil Aviation Organization despite 58 million air passengers passing over Taiwan's flight information region annually, citing the One-China principle. ](/news/2016/08/4/cross-strait-relations-china-is-blocking-taiwan-s-efforts-to-join-the-international-civil-aviation-organization-despite-58-million-air-pass.md) _Context: China, One-China policy, Taiwan_
3. [China-Taiwan Relations. China says Chinese passengers flying from the Chinese cities of Nanchang, Kunming, and Chongqing, will be allowed to stop at Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport before flying to a third destination. Taiwan President Ma Ying-jeou applauded this step toward normalizing relations between the two states. Taiwan's opposition party expressed concern that Beijing is trying to interfere with the country's January 16, 2016, presidential and legislative elections. ](/news/2016/01/5/china-taiwan-relations-china-says-chinese-passengers-flying-from-the-chinese-cities-of-nanchang-kunming-and-chongqing-will-be-allowed-to.md) _Context: China, China-Taiwan Relations, Taiwan_
4. [Foreign relations of Panama. Panama severs diplomatic ties with Taiwan and establishes formal relations with China. ](/news/2017/06/12/foreign-relations-of-panama-panama-severs-diplomatic-ties-with-taiwan-and-establishes-formal-relations-with-china.md) _Context: China, Taiwan_
5. [Cross-Strait relations. A spokesman for the Taiwan Affairs Office of People's Republic of China says Taiwan is barred from observing this year-s World Health Assembly because current President Tsai Ing-wen has not endorsed the Beijing view that both sides belong to a single China under the One-China policy; the spokesman further said that the health of people in Taiwan is not being put at risk by Taiwan's inability to attend. ](/news/2017/05/10/cross-strait-relations-a-spokesman-for-the-taiwan-affairs-office-of-people-s-republic-of-china-says-taiwan-is-barred-from-observing-this-ye.md) _Context: One-China policy, Taiwan_
6. [Taiwan scrambles navy ships and jets as Chinese warships, led by the aircraft carrier "Liaoning", sail through the Taiwan Strait following exercises in the South China Sea. ](/news/2017/01/11/taiwan-scrambles-navy-ships-and-jets-as-chinese-warships-led-by-the-aircraft-carrier-liaoning-sail-through-the-taiwan-strait-following-e.md) _Context: China, Taiwan_
7. [China-United States relations. The People's Republic of China lodges a complaint with the United States after President-elect of the United States Donald Trump speaks with President of Taiwan Tsai Ing-wen. The PRC and the United States view Taiwan as a breakaway province. ](/news/2016/12/3/china-united-states-relations-the-people-s-republic-of-china-lodges-a-complaint-with-the-united-states-after-president-elect-of-the-unite.md) _Context: One-China policy, Taiwan_
8. [ International recognition of Taiwan. One-China policy. SGBPo Tome and Principe breaks relations with the island country of Taiwan. ](/news/2016/12/21/international-recognition-of-taiwan-one-china-policy-sagbpo-toma-c-and-prancipe-breaks-relations-with-the-island-country-of-taiwan.md) _Context: One-China policy, Taiwan_
9. [2016 Pacific typhoon season. Typhoon Megi makes landfall in eastern China a day after killing four people and injuring 260 on Taiwan. ](/news/2016/09/28/2016-pacific-typhoon-season-typhoon-megi-makes-landfall-in-eastern-china-a-day-after-killing-four-people-and-injuring-260-on-taiwan.md) _Context: China, Taiwan_
10. [2016 Pacific typhoon season. Taiwan and China brace for the impact of Typhoon Nepartak, the first major typhoon of 2016. Thousands of people have been evacuated in Taiwan while over 35,000 military personnel have been placed on standby to help with relief efforts. ](/news/2016/07/7/2016-pacific-typhoon-season-taiwan-and-china-brace-for-the-impact-of-typhoon-nepartak-the-first-major-typhoon-of-2016-thousands-of-people.md) _Context: China, Taiwan_
