### [2016-05-22](/news/2016/05/22/index.md)

# Syrian civil war. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights claims that over 60,000 people have died in Syrian government jails during the five year civil war. 

A monitoring group has said that at least 60,000 people have died in Syrian government jails during the five-year conflict.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-detainees-idUSKCN0YD084)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights claims that the government has used barrel bombs resulting in the deaths of 21 people in the rebel held town of Bosra in the Daraa Governorate. ](/news/2015/09/17/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-claims-that-the-government-has-used-barrel-bombs-resulting-in-the-deaths-of-21-peo.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Government, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
2. [Syrian Civil War. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights estimates that Syrian government air strikes on areas controlled by Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant kills 32 people. The air strikes hit a hospital in Dayr Hafir killing at least 21 people. ](/news/2015/04/22/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-estimates-that-syrian-government-air-strikes-on-areas-controlled-by-islamic-state.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Government, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
3. [Syrian Civil War. A rocket hits and injures several people at the Damascus International Fair. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says five people have died. ](/news/2017/08/20/syrian-civil-war-a-rocket-hits-and-injures-several-people-at-the-damascus-international-fair-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
4. [Syrian Civil War. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says ISIL leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is confirmed dead, according to information from tribal leaders close to ISIL in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. In June, Russia said it had "most likely" killed al-Baghdadi and several other high profile ISIL leaders in an airstrike but provided no evidence. ](/news/2017/07/11/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-isil-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-is-confirmed-dead-according-to-information.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
5. [Syrian Civil War. According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/syrian-civil-war-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democr.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
6. [Syrian Civil War. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a large explosion near Damascus International Airport followed by a fire. The Syrian government says Israel struck the military site with several missiles. Israeli Intelligence Minister Yisrael Katz states that the strike "corresponds completely with Israel's policy". ](/news/2017/04/27/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-large-explosion-near-damascus-international-airport-followed-by-a-fire.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
7. [Syrian Civil War. American-led intervention in Syria. According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, multiple suspected U.S.-led coalition air raids kill at least 23 civilians in the village of al-Matab in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/03/9/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-multiple-suspected-u-s-led-coal.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
8. [Syrian Civil War. At least 16 people are killed by multiple airstrikes on a prison in Idlib, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2017/03/25/syrian-civil-war-at-least-16-people-are-killed-by-multiple-airstrikes-on-a-prison-in-idlib-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-r.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
9. [Syrian Civil War. According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, the total number of people killed and missing in Syria's war is now 465,000. ](/news/2017/03/13/syrian-civil-war-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-the-total-number-of-people-killed-and-missing-in-syria-s-war-is-now.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
10. [Syrian Civil War. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports that militants attacked two Syrian Armed Forces bases in Homs, killing at least 42 people, including a senior intelligence officer. ](/news/2017/02/25/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-that-militants-attacked-two-syrian-armed-forces-bases-in-homs-killing-at.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
