### [2016-05-22](/news/2016/05/22/index.md)

# The second round of voting takes place to elect either Norbert Hofer or Alexander Van der Bellen as President of Austria. 

Analysts and recent polls say Freedom Party candidate Norbert Hofer has a strong chance of defeating the Green Party-backed Alexander Van der Bellen.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-36351359)
2. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2016/05/21/austria-presidency-elections-norbert-hofer-alexander-van-der-bellen/84642124/)

### Related:

1. [Voters in Austria go to the polls to elect a new President in a second round run-off between Green candidate Alexander Van der Bellen and Freedom Party of Austria candidate Norbert Hofer. Projections show that Van der Bellen has won with Hofer conceding defeat. ](/news/2016/12/4/voters-in-austria-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-a-new-president-in-a-second-round-run-off-between-green-candidate-alexander-van-der-bellen-and-fr.md) _Context: Alexander Van der Bellen, Austrian presidential election, 2016, Norbert Hofer, President_
2. [  Independent candidate Alexander Van der Bellen, a member of The Greens, is elected President of Austria in a tight contest that was decided by mail-in votes. ](/news/2016/05/23/independent-candidate-alexander-van-der-bellen-a-member-of-the-greens-is-elected-president-of-austria-in-a-tight-contest-that-was-decide.md) _Context: Alexander Van der Bellen, Austrian presidential election, 2016, President_
3. [Austrians vote in the first round of electing the next president. Preliminary estimates indicate FPO's Norbert Hofer won the first round with 36 percent of the vote. Greens' Alexander Van der Bellen, who is supported by the Green Party, garnered 20%,  and another independent, Irmgard Griss, took 18.5 percent. President Heinz Fischer was not eligible to be re-elected. Candidates representing the two leading parties, that have ruled for the past 70 years, were eliminated. Hofer and Van der Bellen will compete in the runoff election on May 22, 2016. ](/news/2016/04/24/austrians-vote-in-the-first-round-of-electing-the-next-president-preliminary-estimates-indicate-fpa-s-norbert-hofer-won-the-first-round-wi.md) _Context: Alexander Van der Bellen, Austrian presidential election, 2016, Norbert Hofer_
4. [Freedom Party of Austria presidential candidate Norbert Hofer intends to hold a referendum on European Union membership if elected. ](/news/2016/11/24/freedom-party-of-austria-presidential-candidate-norbert-hofer-intends-to-hold-a-referendum-on-european-union-membership-if-elected.md) _Context: Austrian presidential election, 2016, Norbert Hofer_
5. [Austria's highest court orders a repeat of the presidential elections narrowly lost in May by  right-wing populist Freedom Party of Austria candidate Norbert Hofer. The margin of votes was less than 1%. ](/news/2016/07/1/austriaas-highest-court-orders-a-repeat-of-the-presidential-elections-narrowly-lost-in-may-by-right-wing-populist-freedom-party-of-austri.md) _Context: Austrian presidential election, 2016, Norbert Hofer_
6. [Voters in France return to the polls for a run-off, to elect either Emmanuel Macron or Marine Le Pen as the new President of France. Final opinion polls continue to predict that the centrist Macron will defeat the far-right Le Pen. ](/news/2017/05/7/voters-in-france-return-to-the-polls-for-a-run-off-to-elect-either-emmanuel-macron-or-marine-le-pen-as-the-new-president-of-france-final-o.md) _Context: run-off_
7. [Voting begins in territories and diplomatic missions west of Metropolitan France for the second round of the presidential election between Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen. ](/news/2017/05/6/voting-begins-in-territories-and-diplomatic-missions-west-of-metropolitan-france-for-the-second-round-of-the-presidential-election-between-e.md) _Context: run-off_
8. [Voters head to the polls in second round elections in constituencies where no candidate won over 50 percent on October 9 with the Lithuanian Peasant and Greens Union winning a plurality of seats. ](/news/2016/10/23/voters-head-to-the-polls-in-second-round-elections-in-constituencies-where-no-candidate-won-over-50-percent-on-october-9-with-the-lithuanian.md) _Context: run-off_
9. [Elections in the United States; Republican U.S. Senator David Vitter and Democratic state Representative John Bel Edwards top two Republican candidates for spots in the November 21 runoff election. Edwards wins 40 percent and Vitter 23 percent of the primary vote, according to unofficial returns. ](/news/2015/10/25/elections-in-the-united-states-republican-u-s-senator-david-vitter-and-democratic-state-representative-john-bel-edwards-top-two-republican.md) _Context: run-off_
10. [Democrat Mary Landrieu loses her bid for a fourth term representing  Louisiana in the United States Senate  to Republican Congressman Bill Cassidy in Saturday's runoff election, increasing the GOP majority in the U.S. Senate to 54 seats. ](/news/2014/12/7/democrat-mary-landrieu-loses-her-bid-for-a-fourth-term-representing-louisiana-in-the-united-states-senate-to-republican-congressman-bill-c.md) _Context: run-off_
