### [2005-05-31](/news/2005/05/31/index.md)

#  Bob Geldof announces plans for a concert similar to Live Aid, which took place in 1985, to coincide with the G8 Summit in Edinburgh this July. The concert, named 'Live 8', will take place in Hyde Park, London on 2 July, with other concerts in Paris, Rome, Berlin and Philadelphia, and is intended to raise awareness of the Make Poverty History campaign. It is expected to include acts such as Sir Paul McCartney, Robbie Williams, Madonna, the Rolling Stones, Coldplay and U2, as well as a rumoured reunion of the Spice Girls. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/entertainment/music/4594865.stm)
2. [Guardian Unlimited](http://www.guardian.co.uk/arts/news/story/0,11711,1496048,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ In Berlin, Germany, Europe's largest train station, Berlin Hauptbahnhof, is opened by Chancellor Angela Merkel, Deutsche Bahn Chairman Hartmut Mehdorn and Industrial Commissioner of the European Union Gunter Verheugen. The station is the hub of routes from Stockholm to Rome and Paris to Moscow. 1,200 trains will depart and arrive every day. The station is expected to have cost EUR800 million. ](/news/2006/05/26/in-berlin-germany-europe-s-largest-train-station-berlin-hauptbahnhof-is-opened-by-chancellor-angela-merkel-deutsche-bahn-chairman-hart.md) _Context: Berlin, Paris, Rome_
2. [ The Live 8 concerts begin their globe-spanning tour in Tokyo. Several famous artists and musical groups are joining in this effort to raise awareness about poverty and AIDS in the leadup to the G8 summit and on the anniversary of the 1985 Live Aid concerts. (Wikinews), [http://www.wired.com/news/digiwood/0,1412,68069,00.html?tw=rss.TOP (Wired)], [http://www.theglobeandmail.com/servlet/story/RTGAM.20050702.weight0702/BNStory/Entertainment/ (Globe and Mail)], [http://www.latimes.com/news/politics/la-et-live2jul02,1,7633303.story?coll=la-headlines-politics (LA Times)]. Related information: [http://www.live8live.com/ (Live 8 home page)], ONE Campaign, [http://music.aol.com/ (AOL Music (live webcast))]](/news/2005/07/2/the-live-8-concerts-begin-their-globe-spanning-tour-in-tokyo-several-famous-artists-and-musical-groups-are-joining-in-this-effort-to-raise.md) _Context: 1985, Group of Eight, Live 8_
3. [39 musicians, including The Beatles, U2, Madonna, Lady Gaga, Beyonce, Katy Perry, Lorde, One Direction, and Justin Bieber, release a charity album to help the victims. ](/news/2013/11/26/39-musicians-including-the-beatles-u2-madonna-lady-gaga-beyonca-c-katy-perry-lorde-one-direction-and-justin-bieber-release-a-charit.md) _Context: Madonna, U2_
4. [Organisers pull the plug on a duet between Bruce Springsteen and Paul McCartney at Hyde Park, London, after it breached its legal curfew. ](/news/2012/07/15/organisers-pull-the-plug-on-a-duet-between-bruce-springsteen-and-paul-mccartney-at-hyde-park-london-after-it-breached-its-legal-curfew.md) _Context: Hyde Park, Paul McCartney_
5. [Activists affiliated with the Occupy Wall Street movement, which opposes economic inequality and corporate greed, take to the streets in numerous cities worldwide, including Sydney, Rome, Bucharest, Taipei, Tokyo, Toronto, Berlin, and Madrid, in a day of coordinated mass protests. ](/news/2011/10/15/activists-affiliated-with-the-occupy-wall-street-movement-which-opposes-economic-inequality-and-corporate-greed-take-to-the-streets-in-num.md) _Context: Berlin, Rome_
6. [Rallies occur in Berlin, London, New York City, Paris, Ottawa and elsewhere, calling for the release of Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani, a woman facing execution for adultery in Iran. ](/news/2010/07/24/rallies-occur-in-berlin-london-new-york-city-paris-ottawa-and-elsewhere-calling-for-the-release-of-sakineh-mohammadi-ashtiani-a-woman.md) _Context: Berlin, Paris_
7. [ Global protests against war on Iraq: People around the world demonstrated against the planning of war against Iraq. In Rome three million people were on the streets, in London one million. In Berlin there were half a million in the largest demonstration for some decades. There were also protest marches all over France as well as in many other smaller European cities. Protests were also held in South Africa, Syria, India, Russia, Canada and in the US, in around 600 cities in total.](/news/2003/02/15/global-protests-against-war-on-iraq-people-around-the-world-demonstrated-against-the-planning-of-war-against-iraq-in-rome-three-million-p.md) _Context: Berlin, Rome_
8. [In a suspected terror attack, six French soldiers are injured, three seriously, when a man drives a car into them at a barracks in the Paris suburb of Levallois-Perret. ](/news/2017/08/9/in-a-suspected-terror-attack-six-french-soldiers-are-injured-three-seriously-when-a-man-drives-a-car-into-them-at-a-barracks-in-the-paris.md) _Context: Paris_
9. [A car carrying firearms and gas bottles deliberately rammed a police vehicle on the Champs-Elysees in Paris, France, subsequently bursting into flames. The driver, who was on a security watchlist, was shot dead. ](/news/2017/06/19/a-car-carrying-firearms-and-gas-bottles-deliberately-rammed-a-police-vehicle-on-the-champs-alysa-c-es-in-paris-france-subsequently-bursting.md) _Context: Paris_
10. [Rare specimens of daisies from the 1850s originally held in the National Museum of Natural History in Paris were reportedly destroyed by Australia in March allegedly due to incomplete paperwork. ](/news/2017/05/8/rare-specimens-of-daisies-from-the-1850s-originally-held-in-the-national-museum-of-natural-history-in-paris-were-reportedly-destroyed-by-aus.md) _Context: Paris_
