### [2005-05-31](/news/2005/05/31/index.md)

#  China and Japan have opened two days of closed-door negotiations in Beijing aimed at resolving a long-running dispute over natural gas drilling rights in a disputed area of the East China Sea 




### Source:

1. [VOA News](http://www.voanews.com/english/2005-05-30-voa9.cfm)

### Related:

1. [Japan summons China's ambassador, Cheng Yonghua, to Tokyo after a People's Liberation Army Navy warship sailed close to its territorial waters near the disputed Senkaku Islands in the East China Sea for the first time. ](/news/2016/06/9/japan-summons-china-s-ambassador-cheng-yonghua-to-tokyo-after-a-people-s-liberation-army-navy-warship-sailed-close-to-its-territorial-wate.md) _Context: Chinese, East China Sea, Japan_
2. [The cabinet of Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo Abe approves a record defence budget with a plan to buy surveillance aircraft and Lockheed Martin F-35 Lightning II fighter jets to improve security of uninhabited islands in the East China Sea claimed by both Japan and China. ](/news/2015/01/14/the-cabinet-of-prime-minister-of-japan-shinzo-abe-approves-a-record-defence-budget-with-a-plan-to-buy-surveillance-aircraft-and-lockheed-mar.md) _Context: Chinese, East China Sea, Japan_
3. [Senkaku Islands dispute:China delimits an "air-defence identification zone" over an area of the East China Sea, covering Diaoyu/Senkaku Islands, also claimed by Japan. ](/news/2013/11/23/senkaku-islands-dispute-pchina-delimits-an-air-defence-identification-zone-over-an-area-of-the-east-china-sea-covering-diaoyu-senkaku-isl.md) _Context: Chinese, East China Sea, Japan_
4. [ Delegates arrive in Beijing for the resumption of six party talks on Wednesday involving North Korea, South Korea, China, Russia, Japan and the United States to discuss the second phase of a deal on North Korean nuclear disarmament. ](/news/2007/07/17/delegates-arrive-in-beijing-for-the-resumption-of-six-party-talks-on-wednesday-involving-north-korea-south-korea-china-russia-japan-and.md) _Context: Beijing, Chinese, Japan_
5. [ Spring 2005 anti-Japanese demonstrations in China: Chinese rioters storm the Japanese embassy in Beijing.  The riot grew from a protest against Japan's newly approved history textbooks, which according to critics, whitewashed Japanese wartime atrocities. (Wikinews) ](/news/2005/04/9/spring-2005-anti-japanese-demonstrations-in-china-chinese-rioters-storm-the-japanese-embassy-in-beijing-the-riot-grew-from-a-protest-aga.md) _Context: Beijing, Chinese, Japan_
6. [ Japan increases the already boiling tension with China as Japan's Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry begins allowing Japanese companies rights to drill for oil in a part of the East China Sea claimed by both nations. ](/news/2005/04/13/japan-increases-the-already-boiling-tension-with-china-as-japan-s-ministry-of-economy-trade-and-industry-begins-allowing-japanese-companie.md) _Context: Chinese, East China Sea, Japan_
7. [A stalemate between China and India leads to fears that the ongoing stand-off over Doklam in the Himalayas, disputed by Bhutan, may continue into the winter. It comes after rumors that Indian National Security Adviser Ajit Doval may travel to Beijing later this month. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/beijing-wont-have-formal-talks-with-india-stand-off-may-continue-till-winter-chinese-expert/articleshow/59615025.cms (Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/16/a-stalemate-between-china-and-india-leads-to-fears-that-the-ongoing-stand-off-over-doklam-in-the-himalayas-disputed-by-bhutan-may-continue.md) _Context: Beijing, Chinese_
8. [Prime Minister of Norway Erna Solberg meets with Premier of the People's Republic of China Li Keqiang in Beijing to announce the end of a diplomatic freeze between the countries and the resumption of free trade negotiations between China and Norway. ](/news/2017/04/7/prime-minister-of-norway-erna-solberg-meets-with-premier-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-li-keqiang-in-beijing-to-announce-the-end-of-a-di.md) _Context: Beijing, Chinese_
9. [Cybersecurity software maker Check Point reports  ''HummingBad'' malware has infected at least 10 million Android devices, mostly in China and India. Check Point says a team of developers based in Beijing is behind ''HummingBad'' which gives hackers administrative-level access to infected devices.  Apple devices have been hit by similar malware.  ](/news/2016/07/5/cybersecurity-software-maker-check-point-reports-hummingbad-malware-has-infected-at-least-10-million-android-devices-mostly-in-china-a.md) _Context: Beijing, Chinese_
10. [As part of its wider military build up along the Japanese archipelagos in the East China Sea, Japan activates a new radar station on the island of Yonaguni that is close to the disputed Senkaku Islands. ](/news/2016/03/28/as-part-of-its-wider-military-build-up-along-the-japanese-archipelagos-in-the-east-china-sea-japan-activates-a-new-radar-station-on-the-isl.md) _Context: East China Sea, Japan_
