### [2005-05-31](/news/2005/05/31/index.md)

#  In France, the Prime Minister Jean-Pierre Raffarin resigns following the country's rejection of the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe. In an expected move, President Jacques Chirac appoints Interior Minister Dominique de Villepin to succeed him. 

Get the latest breaking news and top news headlines at Reuters.com


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=8649611)

### Related:

1. [The President of France Francois Hollande warns that France "will not tolerate" acts that threaten its security following claims by Wikileaks that the United States spied on him and his two predecessors Nicolas Sarkozy and Jacques Chirac between 2006 and 2012. ](/news/2015/06/24/the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-warns-that-france-will-not-tolerate-acts-that-threaten-its-security-following-claims-by-wikilea.md) _Context: France, Jacques Chirac, president_
2. [ Former French President Jacques Chirac is ordered to stand trial on corruption charges. ](/news/2009/10/30/former-french-president-jacques-chirac-is-ordered-to-stand-trial-on-corruption-charges.md) _Context: France, Jacques Chirac, president_
3. [ France's political "trial of the century" into the Clearstream affair&mdash;former Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin versus President Nicolas Sarkozy&mdash;opens at the Palais de Justice. ](/news/2009/09/14/france-s-political-trial-of-the-century-into-the-clearstream-affair-mdash-former-prime-minister-dominique-de-villepin-versus-president-ni.md) _Context: Dominique de Villepin, France, president_
4. [ Rwanda formally accuses senior French officials, including former Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin and late President Franois Mitterrand, of involvement in the 1994 Rwandan Genocide and calls for them to be put on trial. ](/news/2008/08/5/rwanda-formally-accuses-senior-french-officials-including-former-prime-minister-dominique-de-villepin-and-late-president-francois-mitterra.md) _Context: Dominique de Villepin, France, president_
5. [ The French electorate reject the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe by approximately 55% to 45%, igniting a political crisis in the union and dealing a sharp blow to French President Jacques Chirac. All 25 EU member states must ratify the treaty for it to come into effect - 9 have done so to date, but only Spain has previously held a referendum. ](/news/2005/05/29/the-french-electorate-reject-the-treaty-establishing-a-constitution-for-europe-by-approximately-55-to-45-igniting-a-political-crisis-in.md) _Context: European constitution, France, Jacques Chirac_
6. [Bruno Le Roux resigns as France's Minister of the Interior amid a jobs scandal involving two of his daughters. Using public funds, Bruno had hired his 15 and 16-year-old daughters as parliamentary assistants while he was serving as a deputy in the French National Assembly. ](/news/2017/03/21/bruno-le-roux-resigns-as-france-s-minister-of-the-interior-amid-a-jobs-scandal-involving-two-of-his-daughters-using-public-funds-bruno-had.md) _Context: France, Minister of the Interior_
7. [Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy resigns as leader of The Republicans party and announces his candidacy for President again. ](/news/2016/07/3/former-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-resigns-as-leader-of-the-republicans-party-and-announces-his-candidacy-for-president-again.md) _Context: France, president_
8. [France's National Assembly votes to adopt a non-binding resolution to lift European Union sanctions against Russia, applied after Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014. Former President Nicolas Sarkozy's Republicans, as well as center-right and far-left groups voted in favor of lifting the sanctions, while the ruling Socialist Party and The Greens voted against the resolution. ](/news/2016/04/28/france-s-national-assembly-votes-to-adopt-a-non-binding-resolution-to-lift-european-union-sanctions-against-russia-applied-after-russia-s-a.md) _Context: France, president_
9. [Christiane Taubira, differing with President Francois Hollande concerning  pending terrorist/citizenship legislation, resigns as the Minister of Justice in France. ](/news/2016/01/27/christiane-taubira-differing-with-president-franassois-hollande-concerning-pending-terrorist-citizenship-legislation-resigns-as-the-minist.md) _Context: France, president_
10. [With most of the votes counted, the opposition conservatives of former president Nicolas Sarkozy's party win in six of the country's 13  regions and lead in the Paris region. The ruling Socialists of President Francois Hollande's  party capture five regions. The winner in Corsica is not affiliated with a major party. France's far-right National Front (FN) fails to win a single region but did record its best showing in its history. Voter turnout was 58 percent. Definitive results are expected Monday. ](/news/2015/12/13/with-most-of-the-votes-counted-the-opposition-conservatives-of-former-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-party-win-in-six-of-the-countryas-13-r.md) _Context: France, president_
