### [2005-05-31](/news/2005/05/31/index.md)

#  Police in Israel say they have uncovered an Industrial espionage plot involving 15 Israeli firms. Trojan horse computer viruses are believed to have been used to hack into rivals' systems and 20 people have so far been arrested. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4594255.stm)

### Related:

1. [Around 300 Bedouins living in "illegal settlements" in Israel's Negev desert have been made homeless after police raided their village and razed their homes. They are to be resettled in Rahat. ](/news/2010/07/28/around-300-bedouins-living-in-illegal-settlements-in-israel-s-negev-desert-have-been-made-homeless-after-police-raided-their-village-and-r.md) _Context: Israel, police_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Two Israeli soldiers have claimed that they were ordered to kill Palestinian police officers following the deaths of six Israeli soldiers. ](/news/2005/06/3/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-two-israeli-soldiers-have-claimed-that-they-were-ordered-to-kill-palestinian-police-officers-following-the-d.md) _Context: Israel, police_
3. [Israel plans to shut down all of Al Jazeera's operations in the country, alleging support of terrorism. ](/news/2017/08/6/israel-plans-to-shut-down-all-of-al-jazeera-s-operations-in-the-country-alleging-support-of-terrorism.md) _Context: Israel_
4. [The world's oldest man, Polish-Israeli Yisrael Kristal, who was also recognized as the oldest living Holocaust survivor, dies at age 113 years, 330 days, in Haifa, Israel. ](/news/2017/08/11/the-world-s-oldest-man-polish-israeli-yisrael-kristal-who-was-also-recognized-as-the-oldest-living-holocaust-survivor-dies-at-age-113-yea.md) _Context: Israel_
5. [The Israeli government says it will remove metal detectors and some cameras recently installed at the entrances to the Temple Mount in Jerusalem that resulted in a wave of protests and some deaths. Instead, less obtrusive surveillance means will be used. ](/news/2017/07/25/the-israeli-government-says-it-will-remove-metal-detectors-and-some-cameras-recently-installed-at-the-entrances-to-the-temple-mount-in-jerus.md) _Context: Israel_
6. [Israel's embassy staff in Jordan, including a security guard involved in a shooting incident in which two Jordanians were killed yesterday, return to Israel from Amman. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu thanked U.S. President Donald Trump and Jordan's King Abdullah for their help and cooperation. ](/news/2017/07/24/israel-s-embassy-staff-in-jordan-including-a-security-guard-involved-in-a-shooting-incident-in-which-two-jordanians-were-killed-yesterday.md) _Context: Israel_
7. [A shooting at the Israeli embassy in Amman, Jordan, leaves one person, a Jordanian, dead, and an Israeli and a Jordanian wounded. There is speculation the attack may be linked to recent events at Jerusalem's  Al-Aqsa Mosque. Another Jordanian man was killed inadvertently. ](/news/2017/07/23/a-shooting-at-the-israeli-embassy-in-amman-jordan-leaves-one-person-a-jordanian-dead-and-an-israeli-and-a-jordanian-wounded-there-is-s.md) _Context: Israel_
8. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Israel_
9. [Israel arrests Palestinian lawmaker Khalida Jarrar over allegations of her inciting of violence. ](/news/2017/07/2/israel-arrests-palestinian-lawmaker-khalida-jarrar-over-allegations-of-her-inciting-of-violence.md) _Context: Israel_
10. [A two stage attack targeting police kills 5 officers and wounds 11 in the city of el-Arish. A later roadside bomb south of the city wounds a further 6 officers. ](/news/2017/07/17/a-two-stage-attack-targeting-police-kills-5-officers-and-wounds-11-in-the-city-of-el-arish-a-later-roadside-bomb-south-of-the-city-wounds-a.md) _Context: police_
