### [2012-06-23](/news/2012/06/23/index.md)

# 100,000 people attend the first day of a two-day music concert at Hackney Marshes in London, which forms part of the build-up to the 2012 Summer Olympics. 




### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/music/2012/jun/23/radio-1-hackney-weekend-empire?newsfeed=true)

### Related:

1. [Elizabeth II addresses her Commonwealth subjects in her annual Royal Christmas Message, referring to the 2012 Summer Olympics in London and the "humbling" experience of her diamond jubilee celebrations. Her speech - the first to be broadcast in 3D - does not include mention the recently-announced pregnancy of Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, wife of her eldest grandson. ](/news/2012/12/25/elizabeth-ii-addresses-her-commonwealth-subjects-in-her-annual-royal-christmas-message-referring-to-the-2012-summer-olympics-in-london-and.md) _Context: 2012 Summer Olympics, London_
2. [The Olympic Torch arrives in London for the final stages of the UK-wide relay ahead of the 2012 Summer Olympics. ](/news/2012/07/20/the-olympic-torch-arrives-in-london-for-the-final-stages-of-the-uk-wide-relay-ahead-of-the-2012-summer-olympics.md) _Context: 2012 Summer Olympics, London_
3. [ The London Organising Committee for the Olympic Games unveils the official logo for the 2012 Summer Olympics and 2012 Paralympics, to be held in London, England. ](/news/2007/06/4/the-london-organising-committee-for-the-olympic-games-unveils-the-official-logo-for-the-2012-summer-olympics-and-2012-paralympics-to-be-he.md) _Context: 2012 Summer Olympics, London_
4. [ The 2012 Summer Olympics may have been given to London by a voting error, a senior IOC official theorised. ](/news/2005/12/23/the-2012-summer-olympics-may-have-been-given-to-london-by-a-voting-error-a-senior-ioc-official-theorised.md) _Context: 2012 Summer Olympics, London_
5. [A 27-year-old man carrying several knives in a backpack is arrested at Parliament Square, London, near the site of last month's Westminster attack. ](/news/2017/04/27/a-27-year-old-man-carrying-several-knives-in-a-backpack-is-arrested-at-parliament-square-london-near-the-site-of-last-month-s-westminster.md) _Context: London_
6. [A vehicle mounts the pavement and runs into pedestrians in Islington, London, injuring 4. The teenage perpetrators are found carrying offensive weapons, but are not assumed to be terrorists. ](/news/2017/03/25/a-vehicle-mounts-the-pavement-and-runs-into-pedestrians-in-islington-london-injuring-4-the-teenage-perpetrators-are-found-carrying-offens.md) _Context: London_
7. [Several British MPs demand an investigation into a recent scandal in which an Israeli embassy official in London had conspired to damage the reputation of several British politicians in response to the recent United Nations Security Council resolution. ](/news/2017/01/8/several-british-mps-demand-an-investigation-into-a-recent-scandal-in-which-an-israeli-embassy-official-in-london-had-conspired-to-damage-the.md) _Context: London_
8. [London Mayor Sadiq Khan declares a public health emergency for at least the next three days because of high levels of air pollution in the London area. The Department for Environment says this pollution episode could last until at least Sunday. ](/news/2017/01/18/london-mayor-sadiq-khan-declares-a-public-health-emergency-for-at-least-the-next-three-days-because-of-high-levels-of-air-pollution-in-the-l.md) _Context: London_
9. [A London-based trader who traded on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Navinder Singh Sarao, accused of contributing to the 2010 Wall Street "flash crash" by placing bogus orders to spoof the market, fails in his legal bid to stop extradition and will now be sent to the United States to face trial where he is wanted by U.S. authorities on 22 criminal counts of wire fraud, commodities fraud, and market manipulation. A judge initially approved his extradition in March, and today his bid to launch an appeal against that decision was rejected, ending his 18-month legal fight. He will now be extradited within 28 days. ](/news/2016/10/14/a-london-based-trader-who-traded-on-the-chicago-mercantile-exchange-navinder-singh-sarao-accused-of-contributing-to-the-2010-wall-street.md) _Context: London_
10. [Air China receives criticism in the United Kingdom after it releases an advertisement warning passengers from visiting areas of London populated by blacks, Indians and Pakistanis. ](/news/2016/09/7/air-china-receives-criticism-in-the-united-kingdom-after-it-releases-an-advertisement-warning-passengers-from-visiting-areas-of-london-popul.md) _Context: London_
