### [2012-06-23](/news/2012/06/23/index.md)

# 2012 Atlantic hurricane season: Tropical Storm Debby forms in the Gulf of Mexico with a warning issued for the US state of Louisiana. This is the first time since 1851 that four storms have formed before July. 

Tropical Storm Debby&#160; formed Saturday, the National Hurricane Center said, making it the first named storm in the Gulf of Mexico this season. 


### Source:

1. [AP via ''The Province](http://www.theprovince.com/news/world/Tropical+Storm+Debby+forms+Gulf+time+since+1851+that+storms+have/6831245/story.html)
2. [MSNBC](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/47904893/ns/weather/t/tropical-storm-debby-forms-gulf-louisiana-warned/#.T-Yy7hdo3TA)

### Related:

1. [Deepwater Horizon oil spill: London-based BP agrees, pending court approval, to pay $US18.7 billion to compensate the United States government and the five Gulf Coast states--Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas--for damages stemming from the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill. The settlement includes a civil penalty of $US5.5 billion under the Clean Water Act. ](/news/2015/07/2/deepwater-horizon-oil-spill-london-based-bp-agrees-pending-court-approval-to-pay-us18-7-billion-to-compensate-the-united-states-governme.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico, Louisiana_
2. [Hercules 264, a Gulf of Mexico natural gas drilling rig, partially collapses off the coast of Louisiana after catching fire. ](/news/2013/07/23/hercules-264-a-gulf-of-mexico-natural-gas-drilling-rig-partially-collapses-off-the-coast-of-louisiana-after-catching-fire.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico, Louisiana_
3. [Two people are missing and at least 4 are injured after an oil rig exploded in the Gulf of Mexico, near Louisiana. ](/news/2012/11/16/two-people-are-missing-and-at-least-4-are-injured-after-an-oil-rig-exploded-in-the-gulf-of-mexico-near-louisiana.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico, Louisiana_
4. [Deepwater Horizon drilling rig explosion aftermath:: The oil spill resulting from the explosion of the "Deepwater Horizon" drilling rig in the Gulf of Mexico reaches the Louisiana coast. ](/news/2010/04/30/deepwater-horizon-drilling-rig-explosion-aftermath-the-oil-spill-resulting-from-the-explosion-of-the-deepwater-horizon-drilling-rig-in-t.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico, Louisiana_
5. [2010 Explosion on "Deepwater Horizon" drilling rig:: Transocean oil platform "Deepwater Horizon" sinks into the Gulf of Mexico off the coast of Louisiana after an explosion two days earlier that injured 7, with 11 still missing. ](/news/2010/04/22/2010-explosion-on-deepwater-horizon-drilling-rig-transocean-oil-platform-deepwater-horizon-sinks-into-the-gulf-of-mexico-off-the-coast.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico, Louisiana_
6. [2017 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Franklin, the Atlantic Ocean's first hurricane of the season, is set to hit Mexico's Gulf state of Veracruz tonight or tomorrow morning. The category 1 storm is expected to lose strength as it moves inland through the oil-producing state. ](/news/2017/08/9/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-franklin-the-atlantic-ocean-s-first-hurricane-of-the-season-is-set-to-hit-mexico-s-gulf-state-of.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
7. [2017 Atlantic hurricane season: In anticipation of Hurricane Harvey, residents from Corpus Christi to Galveston, Texas, and workers from Gulf of Mexico oil platforms are evacuating the region. The storm makes landfall between Port Aransas and Port O'Connor as a Category 4 hurricane around 11 p.m. EDT (0300 UTC, August 26) as the strongest storm to hit the United States mainland since 2004. The National Hurricane Center predicts Harvey will linger over Texas for days, dumping 15|-|25|in|cm, and as much 35|in|cm of rain on some parts of the state. ](/news/2017/08/25/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-in-anticipation-of-hurricane-harvey-residents-from-corpus-christi-to-galveston-texas-and-workers-from-gul.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
8. [American pipeline operator Williams Partners has agreed to sell an olefins plant in Louisiana to Canadian chemical company Nova Chemicals for $2.1 billion. ](/news/2017/04/17/american-pipeline-operator-williams-partners-has-agreed-to-sell-an-olefins-plant-in-louisiana-to-canadian-chemical-company-nova-chemicals-fo.md) _Context: Louisiana_
9. [Multiple tornadoes tear through New Orleans, Baton Rouge, and other parts of southeastern Louisiana, injuring at least 20 people; no deaths have been reported. The severe weather also delivers heavy rain and hail in Mississippi and Alabama. ](/news/2017/02/7/multiple-tornadoes-tear-through-new-orleans-baton-rouge-and-other-parts-of-southeastern-louisiana-injuring-at-least-20-people-no-deaths.md) _Context: Louisiana_
10. [Severe storms, from the weather system that hit Southern California Friday, reach southwest Texas injuring several people and damaging at least 100 homes with one confirmed tornado in San Antonio. Heavy rains continue today with flash floods likely as the storm moves to eastern Texas and southern Louisiana. ](/news/2017/02/20/severe-storms-from-the-weather-system-that-hit-southern-california-friday-reach-southwest-texas-injuring-several-people-and-damaging-at-le.md) _Context: Louisiana_
