### [2012-06-23](/news/2012/06/23/index.md)

# After a five-day trial in the High Court, 27-year-old assistant tutor Luke Cooper, who is completing a PhD in international relations at the University of Sussex, is awarded 35,000 over a front page ''Evening Standard'' article and 25,000 over a follow-up piece in the ''Daily Mail''. These articles threatened his future academic prospects during the November 2010 march against government cuts. 




### Source:

1. [Press Association via ''The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/uk/feedarticle/10302854)

### Related:

1. [The Trump White House bars ''The New York Times'', CNN, the ''Los Angeles Times'', the ''New York Daily News'', ''The Hill'',  the ''Daily Mail'',  BBC,  Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as  Breitbart News, One America News Network, and ''The Washington Times''. Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News,  ''The Wall Street Journal'', Bloomberg News, and Fox News. ''Time'' magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to  in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-m.md) _Context: Daily Mail_
2. [The High Court rules that Parliament must vote on whether the United Kingdom can start the process of leaving the European Union by triggering Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union. ](/news/2016/11/3/the-high-court-rules-that-parliament-must-vote-on-whether-the-united-kingdom-can-start-the-process-of-leaving-the-european-union-by-triggeri.md) _Context: High Court_
3. [Judge Vivien Rose of London's High Court, finds in favor of Goldman Sachs, that the bank is not liable for the failure of highly speculative trades made by the sovereign wealth fund of Libya. ](/news/2016/10/15/judge-vivien-rose-of-london-s-high-court-finds-in-favor-of-goldman-sachs-that-the-bank-is-not-liable-for-the-failure-of-highly-speculative.md) _Context: High Court_
4. [Britain's Court of Appeal, reversing Monday's High Court decision, rules the  Labour Party has the right to prevent up to 130,000 new members who joined less than six months ago from voting in the party's leadership contest between incumbent Jeremy Corbyn and legislator Owen Smith. An appeal to the United Kingdom Supreme Court is possible. ](/news/2016/08/12/britain-s-court-of-appeal-reversing-monday-s-high-court-decision-rules-the-labour-party-has-the-right-to-prevent-up-to-130-000-new-member.md) _Context: High Court_
5. [Russia's Finance Ministry sues Ukraine in London's High Court of Justice over a $3 billion debt. Payment was due  December 21, 2015. Negotiations between Kiev and Moscow have not reached an agreement. Over the last 6 months Ukrainian government officials repeatedly stated they refuse to pay the debt.  ](/news/2016/02/17/russia-s-finance-ministry-sues-ukraine-in-london-s-high-court-of-justice-over-a-3-billion-debt-payment-was-due-december-21-2015-negotia.md) _Context: High Court_
6. [Thousands of people sign an online petition requesting the ''Daily Mail'' to sack its controversial columnist Richard Littlejohn after the possible hounding to death of a primary school teacher Lucy Meadows by the British media. ](/news/2013/03/26/thousands-of-people-sign-an-online-petition-requesting-the-daily-mail-to-sack-its-controversial-columnist-richard-littlejohn-after-the-p.md) _Context: Daily Mail_
7. [Hundreds of people gather outside ''Daily Mail'' headquarters to hold a vigil after the possible hounding to death of a primary school teacher Lucy Meadows by the British media. ](/news/2013/03/25/hundreds-of-people-gather-outside-daily-mail-headquarters-to-hold-a-vigil-after-the-possible-hounding-to-death-of-a-primary-school-teach.md) _Context: Daily Mail_
8. [Barry George loses his appeal for compensation after High Court of Justice judges decide that he is not a victim of miscarriage of justice. ](/news/2013/01/25/barry-george-loses-his-appeal-for-compensation-after-high-court-of-justice-judges-decide-that-he-is-not-a-victim-of-miscarriage-of-justice.md) _Context: High Court_
9. [The British High Court rules that Islamist cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri and four other suspected terrorists can be immediately extradited to the United States to face trial on charges of terrorism. ](/news/2012/10/5/the-british-high-court-rules-that-islamist-cleric-abu-hamza-al-masri-and-four-other-suspected-terrorists-can-be-immediately-extradited-to-th.md) _Context: High Court_
10. [Channel 4 news anchor Jon Snow tells the Leveson Inquiry that Associated Newspapers, which publishes the ''Daily Mail'' and ''Mail on Sunday'', is worse than News International's titles, that it has a "pernicious" and sometimes "mendacious" agenda to undermine people in public life, and predicts that "very possibly they will go after me for saying so". ](/news/2012/06/25/channel-4-news-anchor-jon-snow-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-that-associated-newspapers-which-publishes-the-daily-mail-and-mail-on-sunday.md) _Context: Daily Mail_
