### [2002-12-20](/news/2002/12/20/index.md)

# Governor Frank H. Murkowski of Alaska announced that he had chosen his daughter, state Representative and House Majority Leader Lisa Murkowski, to succeed him in the United States Senate. The elder Murkowski, in winning the recent election as governor, was forced to leave his Senate position.




### Related:

1. [Efforts to repeal Obamacare. The United States Senate rejects "repeal only" propositions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. United States President Donald Trump lashes out at Republican Senator Lisa Murkowski, who voted against the proposal. ](/news/2017/07/26/efforts-to-repeal-obamacare-the-united-states-senate-rejects-repeal-only-propositions-of-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act.md) _Context: Lisa Murkowski, United States Senate_
2. [The former Governor of Alaska Sarah Palin announces that she will not put her name forward as a Republican candidate for the 2012 presidential election. ](/news/2011/10/5/the-former-governor-of-alaska-sarah-palin-announces-that-she-will-not-put-her-name-forward-as-a-republican-candidate-for-the-2012-presidenti.md) _Context: Alaska, Governor_
3. [Senator Lisa Murkowski wins the Alaska senate election becoming the first successful write-in candidate to be elected since 1954. ](/news/2010/11/17/senator-lisa-murkowski-wins-the-alaska-senate-election-becoming-the-first-successful-write-in-candidate-to-be-elected-since-1954.md) _Context: Lisa Murkowski, United States Senate_
4. [US Senator Lisa Murkowski concedes defeat in the Alaskan Republican primary election to challenger to Joe Miller. ](/news/2010/08/31/us-senator-lisa-murkowski-concedes-defeat-in-the-alaskan-republican-primary-election-to-challenger-to-joe-miller.md) _Context: Alaska, Lisa Murkowski_
5. [ American politician Sarah Palin, current Governor of Alaska and 2008 Vice Presidential candidate, announces her resignation as Governor, effective July 26. ](/news/2009/07/3/american-politician-sarah-palin-current-governor-of-alaska-and-2008-vice-presidential-candidate-announces-her-resignation-as-governor-ef.md) _Context: Alaska, Governor_
6. [ United States District Judge Emmet G. Sullivan overturns the conviction of former Alaska Senator Ted Stevens. ](/news/2009/04/7/united-states-district-judge-emmet-g-sullivan-overturns-the-conviction-of-former-alaska-senator-ted-stevens.md) _Context: Alaska, United States Senate_
7. [ Alaskan Senator Ted Stevens is found guilty on all seven counts of lying on United States Senate financial documents. ](/news/2008/10/27/alaskan-senator-ted-stevens-is-found-guilty-on-all-seven-counts-of-lying-on-united-states-senate-financial-documents.md) _Context: Alaska, United States Senate_
8. [ An Alaskan legislative committee finds that the Governor of Alaska Sarah Palin unlawfully abused her authority in terminating the Public Safety Commissioner Walter Monegan. ](/news/2008/10/10/an-alaskan-legislative-committee-finds-that-the-governor-of-alaska-sarah-palin-unlawfully-abused-her-authority-in-terminating-the-public-sa.md) _Context: Alaska, Governor_
9. [ John McCain picks Alaska Governor Sarah Palin as his vice-presidential running mate for the Republican nomination for the U.S. presidential election. ](/news/2008/08/29/john-mccain-picks-alaska-governor-sarah-palin-as-his-vice-presidential-running-mate-for-the-republican-nomination-for-the-u-s-presidential.md) _Context: Alaska, Governor_
10. [Fires in Alaska. A large fire continues to burn at the Peter Pan Seafoods fish processing plant in Port Moller, Alaska, on the Alaska Peninsula. Much of the facility has been destroyed, and the plant is out of commission. Power is out in the village. ](/news/2017/08/17/fires-in-alaska-a-large-fire-continues-to-burn-at-the-peter-pan-seafoods-fish-processing-plant-in-port-moller-alaska-on-the-alaska-penins.md) _Context: Alaska_
