### [2002-12-20](/news/2002/12/20/index.md)

# Senator Trent Lott resigned as Senate Majority Leader, concluding that his approving statements of fellow Senator Strom Thurmond's segregationist run for President of the United States in 1948 had limited his effectiveness and that of his fellow Republicans.




### Related:

1. [US Senate majority leader Trent Lott apologizes on television amid growing outcry for his resignation from both ends of the political spectrum for comments made at Senator Strom Thurmond's 100th birthday party which seemed to support Thurmond's 1948 segregationist presidential campaign platform. ](/news/2002/12/13/us-senate-majority-leader-trent-lott-apologizes-on-television-amid-growing-outcry-for-his-resignation-from-both-ends-of-the-political-spectr.md) _Context: Strom Thurmond, Trent Lott, United States Senate, segregationist_
2. [The United States Senate and House of Representatives override the veto of President Barack Obama in regards to the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act. The act narrows the scope of the legal doctrine of foreign sovereign immunity, specifically, in this instance against the sovereign nation of Saudi Arabia. The action is the first such congressional veto override to Obama. ](/news/2016/09/28/the-united-states-senate-and-house-of-representatives-override-the-veto-of-president-barack-obama-in-regards-to-the-justice-against-sponsors.md) _Context: President, United States Senate_
3. [Georgia Senator David Perdue is criticized for remarks at the Faith and Freedom Coalition-s Road to Majority conference in which his quote of Psalm 109:8, "Let his days be few, and may another have his office," appears to be a prayer for President Barack Obama-s death. Perdue says, "It was a little humor and I said it in a way that we were talking about his days as president." ](/news/2016/06/10/georgia-senator-david-perdue-is-criticized-for-remarks-at-the-faith-and-freedom-coalition-s-road-to-majority-conference-in-which-his-quote.md) _Context: President, United States Senate_
4. [United States presidential election, 2016: Kentucky Senator Rand Paul suspends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination for President of the United States. ](/news/2016/02/3/united-states-presidential-election-2016-kentucky-senator-rand-paul-suspends-his-campaign-for-the-republican-party-nomination-for-presiden.md) _Context: President, United States Senate_
5. [United States presidential election, 2016: Republican Party presidential candidates, 2016: South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham ends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination for President. During his campaign he has failed to poll above single digits nationally or in the early voting states. ](/news/2015/12/21/united-states-presidential-election-2016-republican-party-presidential-candidates-2016-south-carolina-senator-lindsey-graham-ends-his-ca.md) _Context: President, United States Senate_
6. [The U.S. House passes the 2016 National Defense Authorization Act by a vote of 370-58. In addition to funding the U.S. military, the bill contains provisions for sweeping personnel reforms. The previous version of the bill was vetoed by President Barack Obama. Some sources expect swift passage by the U.S. Senate while other sources are not so optimistic. ](/news/2015/11/6/the-u-s-house-passes-the-2016-national-defense-authorization-act-by-a-vote-of-370-58-in-addition-to-funding-the-u-s-military-the-bill-co.md) _Context: President, United States Senate_
7. [Upcoming congressional votes: President Barack Obama has sufficient support in the United States Senate to uphold a veto of the proposed congressional vote of disapproval of the nuclear deal with Iran. ](/news/2015/09/2/upcoming-congressional-votes-president-barack-obama-has-sufficient-support-in-the-united-states-senate-to-uphold-a-veto-of-the-proposed-con.md) _Context: President, United States Senate_
8. [Trans-Pacific Partnership: The United States Senate approves a motion giving President Barack Obama fast track authority to complete trade negotiations with 11 countries in the Asia-Pacific region. ](/news/2015/06/24/trans-pacific-partnership-the-united-states-senate-approves-a-motion-giving-president-barack-obama-fast-track-authority-to-complete-trade-n.md) _Context: President, United States Senate_
9. [The United States Senate passes legislation to allow President Barack Obama to fast track trade negotiations with other countries. ](/news/2015/05/22/the-united-states-senate-passes-legislation-to-allow-president-barack-obama-to-fast-track-trade-negotiations-with-other-countries.md) _Context: President, United States Senate_
10. [Democrats in the United States Senate block passage of a fast-track for the Trans-Pacific Partnership sought by President Barack Obama. ](/news/2015/05/12/democrats-in-the-united-states-senate-block-passage-of-a-fast-track-for-the-trans-pacific-partnership-sought-by-president-barack-obama.md) _Context: President, United States Senate_
