### [2002-12-20](/news/2002/12/20/index.md)

# The magazine "Science" chose the discovery of small interfering RNAs (siRNAs) as the top science story of the year. The molecular switches have the potential to treat such diseases as HIV and cancer.




### Related:

1. [A girl born with HIV, who was started on HIV drugs when she was 2 months old and stopped 40 weeks later, is virtually-free of the virus even after no further treatment. ](/news/2017/07/24/a-girl-born-with-hiv-who-was-started-on-hiv-drugs-when-she-was-2-months-old-and-stopped-40-weeks-later-is-virtually-free-of-the-virus-even.md) _Context: HIV_
2. [ Two Harvard scientists report, in the peer-reviewed journal "Science", the first creation of metallic hydrogen in a laboratory, using a diamond anvil cell. Other researchers did not agree with this finding when it was first posted on the arXiv preprint server in October 2016, and have not yet changed their positions. ](/news/2017/01/27/two-harvard-scientists-report-in-the-peer-reviewed-journal-science-the-first-creation-of-metallic-hydrogen-in-a-laboratory-using-a-dia.md) _Context: Science_
3. [ A research team led by an evolutionary biologist at the University of Arizona publishes a paper in "Nature" on the genetic history of HIV proving that Gaetan Dugas, the Canadian flight attendant who had been identified for years as "Patient Zero" of the AIDS epidemic in the U.S., did not spread the virus to the country. The study indicates that HIV first spread to the U.S. from the Caribbean around 1970. ](/news/2016/10/26/a-research-team-led-by-an-evolutionary-biologist-at-the-university-of-arizona-publishes-a-paper-in-nature-on-the-genetic-history-of-hiv-p.md) _Context: HIV_
4. [Researchers in Iceland report on CarbFix, in the journal "Science", that carbon dioxide emissions can be pumped into the earth and changed chemically to stone &nbsp;-- significantly faster than expected. ](/news/2016/06/9/researchers-in-iceland-report-on-carbfix-in-the-journal-science-that-carbon-dioxide-emissions-can-be-pumped-into-the-earth-and-changed-c.md) _Context: Science_
5. [A report by a team of Japanese scientists, published in the American Association for the Advancement of Science journal "Science", has identified bacteria -- isolated from outside a bottle recycling facility -- that can break down and metabolize plastic. The microbe appears to have evolved a pair of enzymes it uses to break down polyethylene terephthalate or PET, the most common thermoplastic polymer resin in consumer products. ](/news/2016/03/11/a-report-by-a-team-of-japanese-scientists-published-in-the-american-association-for-the-advancement-of-science-journal-science-has-ident.md) _Context: Science_
6. [The U.S. Food and Drug Administration approves a new, all-in-one pill to treat HIV patients that includes a new version of the drug tenofovir, which researchers think will help reduce side effects from the multi-drug regimens used for HIV. ](/news/2015/11/6/the-u-s-food-and-drug-administration-approves-a-new-all-in-one-pill-to-treat-hiv-patients-that-includes-a-new-version-of-the-drug-tenofovi.md) _Context: HIV_
7. [American actor Charlie Sheen confirms he has HIV. ](/news/2015/11/17/american-actor-charlie-sheen-confirms-he-has-hiv.md) _Context: HIV_
8. [The World Health Organization reports tuberculosis has surpassed human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), as the leading cause of global death, despite the death rate from tuberculosis having been cut in half over the last 25 years. Most deaths from tuberculosis could be prevented, researchers said, but detection and treatment aren't happening fast enough. ](/news/2015/10/28/the-world-health-organization-reports-tuberculosis-has-surpassed-human-immunodeficiency-virus-hiv-as-the-leading-cause-of-global-death-d.md) _Context: HIV_
9. [Imprimis Pharmaceuticals Inc. announces it will begin selling $1 doses of the antimalarial drug used for HIV patients, pyrimethamine (generic name for Daraprim), whose price was recently raised to $750 per pill by Turing Pharmaceuticals following Martin Shkreli's purchase of its marketing rights this year. Imprimis also plans to start making inexpensive versions of other generic drugs whose prices have skyrocketed. ](/news/2015/10/23/imprimis-pharmaceuticals-inc-announces-it-will-begin-selling-1-doses-of-the-antimalarial-drug-used-for-hiv-patients-pyrimethamine-generi.md) _Context: HIV_
10. [The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends everyone diagnosed with HIV immediately receive antiretroviral therapy and recommends preventative treatment for all at "substantial risk" of infection. Previously, the UN health agency had recommended to physicians that the threshold for patient intervention was the presentation of symptoms. ](/news/2015/10/1/the-world-health-organization-who-recommends-everyone-diagnosed-with-hiv-immediately-receive-antiretroviral-therapy-and-recommends-prevent.md) _Context: HIV_
