### [2003-08-29](/news/2003/08/29/index.md)

#  Najaf, Iraq: A car bomb explodes during prayers outside the holiest shrine for Shiites, Imam Ali Mosque (Tomb of Ali), just as main weekly prayers are ending. More than 125 people are killed, including the influential cleric Ayatollah Sayed Mohammed Baqir al-Hakim, the Shiite leader of the Supreme Council for the Islamic Revolution in Iraq (SCIRI). Dozens are injured.<ref name="cbsnews2003"/>




### Related:

1. [ Khalil Naimi, a senior Iranian diplomat in Iraq, is killed while driving to the Iranian diplomatic mission in Baghdad by three unknown assailants, who drove up and shot him. He died shortly afterwards and the motives for the killing are unknown. The killing could complicate the mission of an Iranian government delegation which is in Iraq trying to mediate in the standoff between Iraq Alliance troops and Muqtada al-Sadr's militia, led by the radical Shiite cleric who is fortified in the town of Najaf. ](/news/2004/04/15/khalil-naimi-a-senior-iranian-diplomat-in-iraq-is-killed-while-driving-to-the-iranian-diplomatic-mission-in-baghdad-by-three-unknown-assa.md) _Context: Najaf, Shiite, cleric_
2. [ Iraq War: Shia cleric Moqtada al-Sadr calls for an anti-American protest on the fourth anniversary of the overthrow of Saddam Hussein. Hundreds of thousands of Shias gather in Najaf for a demonstration calling for U.S.-led troops to leave Iraq. ](/news/2007/04/9/iraq-war-shia-cleric-moqtada-al-sadr-calls-for-an-anti-american-protest-on-the-fourth-anniversary-of-the-overthrow-of-saddam-hussein-hund.md) _Context: Najaf, cleric_
3. [ Shiite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr announces plans that his political movement intends to quit the Iraqi government in an attempt to press its demand for a timetable for U.S. withdrawal. ](/news/2007/04/15/shiite-cleric-moqtada-al-sadr-announces-plans-that-his-political-movement-intends-to-quit-the-iraqi-government-in-an-attempt-to-press-its-d.md) _Context: Shiite, cleric_
4. [ Former chief of the RUC police force will head a British investigation into possible infiltration of Iraq's police force by insurgents. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/northern_ireland/4497128.stm (BBC)] Former prime minister Iyad Allawi says he survived an assassination attempt at the Imam Ali Mosque in Najaf. Police say his group fled from the Shi'ite Muslim shrine under a hail of debris by a mob. [http://today.reuters.co.uk/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=worldNews&storyID=2005-12-04T174641Z_01_MOL463885_RTRUKOC_0_UK-IRAQ.xml (ReutersUK)](Link dead as of 22:46, 14 January 2007 (UTC)), [http://www.nytimes.com/2005/12/04/international/middleeast/04cnd-iraq.html?hp&ex=1133758800&en=5c16772029d814d2&ei=5094&partner=homepage (NYTimes)] (registration required)](/news/2005/12/4/former-chief-of-the-ruc-police-force-will-head-a-british-investigation-into-possible-infiltration-of-iraq-s-police-force-by-insurgents-ht.md) _Context: Imam Ali Mosque, Najaf_
5. [ Baghdad office of Shiite leader Moqtada al-Sadr is surrounded by U.S. tanks and troops amid efforts to arrest the Iraqi cleric. Some 500 armed Sadr militia burn tires, forming roadblocks and promising jihad near the office. Snipers have also been placed in homes in the neighborhood in the Baghdad slum of Sadr City. ](/news/2004/04/7/baghdad-office-of-shiite-leader-moqtada-al-sadr-is-surrounded-by-u-s-tanks-and-troops-amid-efforts-to-arrest-the-iraqi-cleric-some-500-ar.md) _Context: Shiite, cleric_
6. [ Paul Bremer states that militant Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr is an outlaw and warns that uprisings by the cleric and his followers will not tolerated. ](/news/2004/04/5/paul-bremer-states-that-militant-shiite-cleric-muqtada-al-sadr-is-an-outlaw-and-warns-that-uprisings-by-the-cleric-and-his-followers-will-n.md) _Context: Shiite, cleric_
7. [ At least two Shiite Muslim followers of militant Iraqi cleric, Moqtada Sadr, are killed early in the day after throwing themselves in front of United States tanks during a demonstration in Baghdad. ](/news/2004/04/4/at-least-two-shiite-muslim-followers-of-militant-iraqi-cleric-moqtada-sadr-are-killed-early-in-the-day-after-throwing-themselves-in-front.md) _Context: Shiite, cleric_
8. [ US Army in Iraq employs a 1000&nbsp;kg bomb at Falluja, near the Shiite town Najaf. ](/news/2004/04/16/us-army-in-iraq-employs-a-1000-nbsp-kg-bomb-at-falluja-near-the-shiite-town-najaf.md) _Context: Najaf, Shiite_
9. [ Nuclear Weapons: Secretary of the Guardian Council Ayatollah Ahmad Jannati, a leading hardline Iranian cleric, calls for Iran to withdrawal from Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty because of the compliance protocols referred to by the International Atomic Energy Agency and not consent to unfettered inspections of its nuclear facilities. "The treaty has been denounced by a number of countries. Although Iran has inked the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty, it is free to withdraw from it anytime". "North Korea withdrew from the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty. Many countries have not even signed it. It would have been better if Iran had not signed it."](/news/2003/09/19/nuclear-weapons-secretary-of-the-guardian-council-ayatollah-ahmad-jannati-a-leading-hardline-iranian-cleric-calls-for-iran-to-withdrawal.md) _Context: Ayatollah, cleric_
10. [A suicide car bomb explosion and gunmen attack in Iraqi al-Qadisiya town situated in west of Najaf, kills at least 7 people and injures more than 17 others. Yesterday, 29 people were killed in a bomb explosion at a busy market in Iraq's capital Baghdad. ISIS claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/01/1/a-suicide-car-bomb-explosion-and-gunmen-attack-in-iraqi-al-qadisiya-town-situated-in-west-of-najaf-kills-at-least-7-people-and-injures-more.md) _Context: Najaf_
