### [2003-08-29](/news/2003/08/29/index.md)

#  "Occupation of Iraq": General in Iraq says more soldiers are not needed. The American Coalition commander encouraged Muslim allies like Turkey and Pakistan to send peacekeepers and said accelerating the training of a new Iraqi army should be considered.




### Related:

1. [Austria holds a national referendum, choosing between keeping the current system of a conscripted army and optional social service for young men, or introducing a professional army and a voluntary community service. ](/news/2013/01/20/austria-holds-a-national-referendum-choosing-between-keeping-the-current-system-of-a-conscripted-army-and-optional-social-service-for-young.md) _Context: army_
2. [UK Prime Minister David Cameron and the French President Nicolas Sarkozy meet in London and sign a treaty allowing joint development and testing of nuclear warheads, and outline plans for a joint army expeditionary force. ](/news/2010/11/2/uk-prime-minister-david-cameron-and-the-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-meet-in-london-and-sign-a-treaty-allowing-joint-development-and-tes.md) _Context: army_
3. [The Israeli military announces it will charge an army sniper with the killing of two Palestinian women during the Gaza offensive. ](/news/2010/07/6/the-israeli-military-announces-it-will-charge-an-army-sniper-with-the-killing-of-two-palestinian-women-during-the-gaza-offensive.md) _Context: army_
4. [ The Prime Minister of Canada Stephen Harper announces the construction of two Arctic bases including an army training base and a deep water port in response to recent Russian claims to the area. ](/news/2007/08/10/the-prime-minister-of-canada-stephen-harper-announces-the-construction-of-two-arctic-bases-including-an-army-training-base-and-a-deep-water.md) _Context: army_
5. [ A Belgian court sentences former Rwandan army major Bernard Ntuyahaga to twenty years in jail for the murder of 10 Belgian Army peacekeepers and an undetermined number of civilians in the Rwandan genocide. ](/news/2007/07/5/a-belgian-court-sentences-former-rwandan-army-major-bernard-ntuyahaga-to-twenty-years-in-jail-for-the-murder-of-10-belgian-army-peacekeeper.md) _Context: army_
6. [ The Lebanese army has resumed shelling Fatah al-Islam positions inside the Nahr al-Bared refugee camp near Tripoli. All of the refugees have left the camp after recent fighting. ](/news/2007/07/12/the-lebanese-army-has-resumed-shelling-fatah-al-islam-positions-inside-the-nahr-al-bared-refugee-camp-near-tripoli-all-of-the-refugees-hav.md) _Context: army_
7. [ In Brazil, the Brazilian Army receives permission to set up second emergency field hospital in the park of Rio de Janeiro to alleviate shortage of medical services. Mayor Cesar Maia opposes the move, blaming the situation on lack of government funding. ](/news/2005/03/23/in-brazil-the-brazilian-army-receives-permission-to-set-up-second-emergency-field-hospital-in-the-park-of-rio-de-janeiro-to-alleviate-shor.md) _Context: army_
8. [ "Occupation of Iraq": Declaring Iraq to be the "central front" in the war against terrorism, President Bush asks Congress for $87 billion to help pay for the reconstruction of Iraq as well as Afghanistan.](/news/2003/09/8/occupation-of-iraq-declaring-iraq-to-be-the-central-front-in-the-war-against-terrorism-president-bush-asks-congress-for-87-billion-t.md) _Context: Occupation of Iraq_
9. [ "Occupation of Iraq": Poland assumes a position in postwar Iraq. The coalition in Iraq hands over the south-central part of the country to a force led by Poland. The force of Polish troops leads a multinational peacekeeping brigade that will relieve Coalition forces (in particular the United States Marine expeditionary force). This is Poland's biggest military operation since World War&nbsp;II. This is also the first sign of the global community's commitment to a postwar Iraq. Secretary of State Colin Powell seeks support from Britain, France, Germany, and Russia on a proposed United Nations resolution that would give the United Nations a role in Iraq's economic and political future. Coalition soldiers strongly desire to see more troops from other nations share the work of occupation.](/news/2003/09/3/occupation-of-iraq-poland-assumes-a-position-in-postwar-iraq-the-coalition-in-iraq-hands-over-the-south-central-part-of-the-country-to.md) _Context: Occupation of Iraq_
10. [ Occupation of Iraq: Iraqi security forces and United States military police in Tikrit launch a hunt for guerrillas behind a series of deadly attacks on coalition troops&mdash;the largest-ever joint military operation to date. During the raids, dozens of soldiers from the United States Army's 720th Military Police Battalion backed up over 200 Iraqi police. The raids netted 92 people and weapons that included Kalashnikov rifles, mortars, firing tubes, 155&nbsp;mm artillery shells and rocket launchers.](/news/2003/09/29/occupation-of-iraq-iraqi-security-forces-and-united-states-military-police-in-tikrit-launch-a-hunt-for-guerrillas-behind-a-series-of-deadl.md) _Context: Occupation of Iraq_
