### [2003-08-29](/news/2003/08/29/index.md)

#  Tony Blair's communications director, Alastair Campbell, resigns, leaving Blair with none of the three key players he has relied on for the last decade left.




### Related:

1. [Tony Blair's former Director of Communications, Alastair Campbell, tells the Leveson Inquiry that there was no "express deal" between Blair and News Corporation CEO Rupert Murdoch in the run-up to the 1997 UK general election. ](/news/2012/05/14/tony-blair-s-former-director-of-communications-alastair-campbell-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-that-there-was-no-express-deal-between-blair.md) _Context: Alastair Campbell, Tony Blair_
2. [The BBC intervenes and tensions escalate after the UK cabinet members' threat to boycott "Question Time" unless Alastair Campbell, former adviser to Tony Blair, is removed from the panel. ](/news/2010/05/28/the-bbc-intervenes-and-tensions-escalate-after-the-uk-cabinet-members-threat-to-boycott-question-time-unless-alastair-campbell-former-ad.md) _Context: Alastair Campbell, Tony Blair_
3. [ The corpse of Dr. David Kelly is discovered, it appears that he committed suicide. Kelly was a British government advisor involved in the "September Dossier" investigation relating to the 2003 war on Iraq. Former Labour Junior Minister Glenda Jackson calls for Prime Minister Blair's resignation and a Mail on Sunday reporter asks, "Do you have blood on your hands. Prime Minister?" Blair refuses to comment, as does Communications Director Campbell.](/news/2003/07/18/the-corpse-of-dr-david-kelly-is-discovered-it-appears-that-he-committed-suicide-kelly-was-a-british-government-advisor-involved-in-the.md) _Context: Alastair Campbell, Tony Blair_
4. [Former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Tony Blair resigns as the peace envoy of the Quartet on the Middle East. ](/news/2015/05/27/former-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-tony-blair-resigns-as-the-peace-envoy-of-the-quartet-on-the-middle-east.md) _Context: Tony Blair_
5. [Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair agrees to become Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi's economic adviser as part of a program funded by the United Arab Emirates. ](/news/2014/07/2/former-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-agrees-to-become-egyptian-president-abdel-fattah-el-sisi-s-economic-adviser-as-part-of-a-program-fu.md) _Context: Tony Blair_
6. [John Major, who was British Prime Minister between 1990 and 1997, tells the Leveson Inquiry that Rupert Murdoch warned him before the 1997 general election to switch policy on Europe or his newspapers would not support him. The Conservative Party subsequently lost power to Labour, with Murdoch's "The Sun" tabloid daily supporting Major's rival Tony Blair. ](/news/2012/06/12/john-major-who-was-british-prime-minister-between-1990-and-1997-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-that-rupert-murdoch-warned-him-before-the-1997-g.md) _Context: Tony Blair_
7. [Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair tells the Leveson Inquiry he had a "working relationship" with News Corporation chairman Rupert Murdoch, but that Murdoch did not influence policy during his time in office. ](/news/2012/05/28/former-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-he-had-a-working-relationship-with-news-corporation-chairman-rupert-mur.md) _Context: Tony Blair_
8. [Alleged personal details of former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Tony Blair are published online by computer hackers. ](/news/2011/06/25/alleged-personal-details-of-former-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-tony-blair-are-published-online-by-computer-hackers.md) _Context: Tony Blair_
9. [Iraq War: Jeremy Paxman faces being punished by the BBC after being judged to have violated the corporation's strict impartiality rules by writing an article for "The Guardian" in which he stated that Tony Blair's "lies" had led Britain to war with Iraq. ](/news/2011/02/13/iraq-war-jeremy-paxman-faces-being-punished-by-the-bbc-after-being-judged-to-have-violated-the-corporation-s-strict-impartiality-rules-by-w.md) _Context: Tony Blair_
10. [A private note, due to remain secret despite calls for it to be published by the chairman of the Iraq Inquiry, shows former British prime minister Tony Blair privately assured former American president George W. Bush "you can count on us" before they jointly invaded Iraq prior to the Iraq War. ](/news/2011/01/21/a-private-note-due-to-remain-secret-despite-calls-for-it-to-be-published-by-the-chairman-of-the-iraq-inquiry-shows-former-british-prime-mi.md) _Context: Tony Blair_
