### [2010-07-24](/news/2010/07/24/index.md)

# Prime Minister of Russia Vladimir Putin meets the Russian intelligence agents who were swapped with the United States. 

Russian PM Vladimir Putin meets the Russian agents deported from the US and says they had &quot;tough lives&quot; and were &quot;betrayed&quot;.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-10752767)

### Related:

1. [Russia-United States relations. After 35 Russian diplomats are expelled from the United States, Russia's foreign minister Sergey Lavrov recommends expelling 35 American diplomats. Russian President Vladimir Putin rejects Lavrov's recommendation and expresses a desire to restore relations between the two countries. ](/news/2016/12/30/russia-united-states-relations-after-35-russian-diplomats-are-expelled-from-the-united-states-russia-s-foreign-minister-sergey-lavrov-re.md) _Context: United States, Vladimir Putin_
2. [Russia and weapons of mass destruction. Russia-United States relations. Russian President Vladimir Putin suspends the 2013 nuclear agreement with the United States concerning uranium research. ](/news/2016/10/5/russia-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-russia-united-states-relations-russian-president-vladimir-putin-suspends-the-2013-nuclear-agreeme.md) _Context: United States, Vladimir Putin_
3. [Russia and weapons of mass destruction. Russian President Vladimir Putin suspends the 2000 treaty with the United States on cleaning up weapons-grade plutonium (Plutonium Management and Disposition Agreement) {{ru icon}}. ](/news/2016/10/3/russia-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-russian-president-vladimir-putin-suspends-the-2000-treaty-with-the-united-states-on-cleaning-up-weap.md) _Context: United States, Vladimir Putin_
4. [Russia-Spain relations. A Spanish judge issues an arrest warrant for various individuals with links to organized crime from Russia. The list also includes former and current officials of the Russian government with close links to Russian President Vladimir Putin. Prominent officials include former Defense Minister Anatoliy Serdyukov and former Prime Minister Viktor Zubkov. The charges range from money laundering to assassination. ](/news/2016/05/3/russia-spain-relations-a-spanish-judge-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-various-individuals-with-links-to-organized-crime-from-russia-the-li.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Russia, Vladimir Putin_
5. [Russia-United States relations, Syrian peace process. War in Donbass. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry leaves for Moscow for talks on Syria and Ukraine with Russian President Vladimir Putin and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on Wednesday. Kerry is also expected to discuss the case of Ukrainian pilot Nadiya Savchenko, who today was sentenced to 22 years in prison in the city of Donetsk. ](/news/2016/03/22/russia-united-states-relations-syrian-peace-process-war-in-donbass-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-leaves-for-moscow-for-talks-on-sy.md) _Context: United States, Vladimir Putin_
6. [Cold War II. At the 52nd Munich Security Conference in Germany, NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg says that NATO and Russia are "not in a cold-war situation but also not in the partnership that we established at the end of the Cold War" while the Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev says tensions between Russia and NATO have sent the world spiralling into a "new Cold War", blaming U.S. and European leaders for the souring of relations with Russia. He also rejected accusations that Russian warplanes have bombed civilians in Syria, saying it is "just not true". ](/news/2016/02/13/cold-war-ii-at-the-52nd-munich-security-conference-in-germany-nato-secretary-general-jens-stoltenberg-says-that-nato-and-russia-are-not-i.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Russia, United States_
7. [Russian President Vladimir Putin calls U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, "a very colorful person. Talented, without any doubt" as well as an "absolute leader" in the race for the presidency. ](/news/2015/12/17/russian-president-vladimir-putin-calls-u-s-republican-presidential-candidate-donald-trump-a-very-colorful-person-talented-without-any-d.md) _Context: United States, Vladimir Putin_
8. [Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War. The Russian military launches cruise missile strikes from the Mediterranean on ISIS positions in Al-Raqqah, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's de facto capital in Syria, Aleppo, and Idlib. A U.S. official confirms that Russia has conducted a significant number of strikes in Syria using both sea-launched cruise missiles and long-range bombers. Russian President Vladimir Putin has pledged to escalate his military campaign in Syria after it was confirmed that a bomb brought down Metrojet Flight 9268 over Egypt's Sinai Peninsula. ](/news/2015/11/17/russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-the-russian-military-launches-cruise-missile-strikes-from-the-mediterranean-on-isis-p.md) _Context: United States, Vladimir Putin_
9. [Voters in Russia go to the polls for a presidential election with Prime Minister Vladimir Putin claiming victory despite allegations of voter fraud. ](/news/2012/03/4/voters-in-russia-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-with-prime-minister-vladimir-putin-claiming-victory-despite-allegations-of-vote.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Russia, Vladimir Putin_
10. [Tens of thousands rally at Moscow's Luzhniki Stadium in support of the Prime Minister Vladimir Putin's candidacy for President of Russia in the upcoming election on March 4th. ](/news/2012/02/23/tens-of-thousands-rally-at-moscow-s-luzhniki-stadium-in-support-of-the-prime-minister-vladimir-putin-s-candidacy-for-president-of-russia-in.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Russia, Vladimir Putin_
