### [2013-03-4](/news/2013/03/4/index.md)

# 2013 Lahad Datu standoff:. The death toll in Malaysia rises to 26 as conflict between people claiming to follow the Sultanate of Sulu and Malaysian Armed Forces continue. 

The three-week standoff involving a band of Filipino rebels who stormed a northern Borneo village has now claimed at least 26 lives 


### Source:

1. [Time](http://world.time.com/2013/03/04/malaysia-at-least-26-dead-in-ongoing-sabah-siege/)

### Related:

1. [2013 Lahad Datu standoff:. At least 14 people die in Malaysia's Sabah province when rebels open fire on government security forces. ](/news/2013/03/1/2013-lahad-datu-standoff-at-least-14-people-die-in-malaysia-s-sabah-province-when-rebels-open-fire-on-government-security-forces.md) _Context: 2013 Lahad Datu standoff, Malaysia, Malaysian Armed Forces, Sultanate_
2. [2013 Lahad Datu standoff:. The death toll rises to at least 60 persons in the conflict between the Sultanate of Sulu and Malaysian Armed Forces. ](/news/2013/03/7/2013-lahad-datu-standoff-the-death-toll-rises-to-at-least-60-persons-in-the-conflict-between-the-sultanate-of-sulu-and-malaysian-armed-for.md) _Context: 2013 Lahad Datu standoff, Malaysian Armed Forces, Sultanate_
3. [2013 Lahad Datu standoff:. Fighting erupts in Sabah, Malaysia, leaving seven dead, including five policemen. Four people are taken hostage. In response, the Malaysian Military doubles their troop presence in the area. ](/news/2013/03/3/2013-lahad-datu-standoff-fighting-erupts-in-sabah-malaysia-leaving-seven-dead-including-five-policemen-four-people-are-taken-hostage.md) _Context: 2013 Lahad Datu standoff, Malaysia, Malaysian Armed Forces_
4. [Jamalul Kiram III, claimant to the Sultanate of Sulu and leader of the militant group behind the 2013 Lahad Datu standoff, dies in Manila. "([http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/asia_pacific/philippine-sultan-who-claimed-vast-malaysian-region-dies-at-75/2013/10/20/59c069e8-393e-11e3-89db-8002ba99b894_story.html The Washington Post])"](/news/2013/10/20/jamalul-kiram-iii-claimant-to-the-sultanate-of-sulu-and-leader-of-the-militant-group-behind-the-2013-lahad-datu-standoff-dies-in-manila.md) _Context: 2013 Lahad Datu standoff, Sultanate_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. 2017 Temple Mount crisis. Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.. Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey. Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.. 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.. United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.. Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-. ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Malaysia_
6. [Piracy in the Sulu Sea. Indonesia, Malaysia and the Philippines begin joint patrols in the pirate havens within the Celebes and Sulu Seas. ](/news/2017/06/19/piracy-in-the-sulu-sea-indonesia-malaysia-and-the-philippines-begin-joint-patrols-in-the-pirate-havens-within-the-celebes-and-sulu-seas.md) _Context: Malaysia_
7. [Malaysia-North Korea relations. North Korea temporarily bans all Malaysian nationals (estimated to be at least 11 people including embassy employees) from leaving the country amid a growing dispute between the two countries over the death of Kim Jong-nam, the half-brother of Kim Jong-un. Malaysian official Khairy Jamaluddin calls the move "tantamount to taking hostages". ](/news/2017/03/7/malaysia-north-korea-relations-north-korea-temporarily-bans-all-malaysian-nationals-estimated-to-be-at-least-11-people-including-embassy.md) _Context: Malaysia_
8. [Malaysia-North Korea relations. Malaysia expels Kang Chol, North Korea's ambassador, after he criticised the former's investigation into the death of Kim Jong-nam. ](/news/2017/03/4/malaysia-north-korea-relations-malaysia-expels-kang-chol-north-korea-s-ambassador-after-he-criticised-the-former-s-investigation-into-t.md) _Context: Malaysia_
9. [Malaysia-North Korea relations. Death of Kim Jong-nam. Malaysia recalls its ambassador from North Korea amid an ongoing dispute over the alleged assassination of Kim Jong-nam by North Korean agents in the country. ](/news/2017/02/20/malaysia-north-korea-relations-death-of-kim-jong-nam-malaysia-recalls-its-ambassador-from-north-korea-amid-an-ongoing-dispute-over-the-a.md) _Context: Malaysia_
10. [Kim Jong-nam, eldest son of Kim Jong-il, is assassinated in Malaysia after two unidentified women reportedly poisoned him at Kuala Lumpur International Airport. ](/news/2017/02/13/kim-jong-nam-eldest-son-of-kim-jong-il-is-assassinated-in-malaysia-after-two-unidentified-women-reportedly-poisoned-him-at-kuala-lumpur-in.md) _Context: Malaysia_
