### [2013-03-4](/news/2013/03/4/index.md)

# At least 11 children are killed after a school bus collides with a truck in Jalandhar district in the Indian state of Punjab. 

11 children have died after the school bus they were travelling in collided with a truck in village Gahir in Punjab&#039;s Jalandhar district this morning.


### Source:

1. [NDTV](http://www.ndtv.com/article/cities/school-bus-collides-with-truck-in-jalandhar-casualties-feared-337792)

### Related:

1. [Forty people are missing and presumed drowned after a bus plunges into a canal near Sirhind-Fategarh, Punjab, India. ](/news/2013/07/31/forty-people-are-missing-and-presumed-drowned-after-a-bus-plunges-into-a-canal-near-sirhind-fategarh-punjab-india.md) _Context: India, Punjab_
2. [Convicted Indian spy Sarabjit Singh dies after being attacked by fellow inmates in a Pakistani prison. He is flown home to India where the government of Punjab has declared him a martyr. ](/news/2013/05/2/convicted-indian-spy-sarabjit-singh-dies-after-being-attacked-by-fellow-inmates-in-a-pakistani-prison-he-is-flown-home-to-india-where-the-g.md) _Context: India, Punjab_
3. [Indian elections:Counting begins in state elections in the Indian states of Uttar Pradesh, Punjab, Manipur, Uttarakhand and Goa. ](/news/2012/03/6/indian-elections-pcounting-begins-in-state-elections-in-the-indian-states-of-uttar-pradesh-punjab-manipur-uttarakhand-and-goa.md) _Context: India, Punjab_
4. [Monsoon flooding on the Yamuna River threatens the Taj Mahal in Agra, India after more than 800,000|cuft/s|m3/s|abbr=on of water had to be released from a barrage in Haryana, while hundreds of nearby villages flooded and flooding continues in Uttar Pradesh and Punjab. ](/news/2010/09/13/monsoon-flooding-on-the-yamuna-river-threatens-the-taj-mahal-in-agra-india-after-more-than-800-000-cuft-s-m3-s-abbr-on-of-water-had-to-be-r.md) _Context: India, Punjab_
5. [ Two hundred thousand people attend the funeral of Dera Sach Khand leader Sant Ramanand Dass in Jalandhar, Punjab, India. ](/news/2009/06/4/two-hundred-thousand-people-attend-the-funeral-of-dera-sach-khand-leader-sant-ramanand-dass-in-jalandhar-punjab-india.md) _Context: India, Punjab_
6. [ A bomb explodes in a movie theatre in Ludhiana in India's Punjab state killing at least six people and wounding at least 30 others. ](/news/2007/10/14/a-bomb-explodes-in-a-movie-theatre-in-ludhiana-in-india-s-punjab-state-killing-at-least-six-people-and-wounding-at-least-30-others.md) _Context: India, Punjab_
7. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/no-dispute-with-bhutan-in-doklam-china/articleshow/59456533.cms (The Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: India_
8. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
9. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
10. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: India_
