### [2013-03-4](/news/2013/03/4/index.md)

# Northern Mali conflict:French officials announce that a soldier was killed in action during contact with Islamic militants over the weekend. It is France's third casualty since operations began in Operation Serval. 

A French soldier is killed in heavy fighting in northern Mali in the same region where Chad said it killed Islamist leader Mokhtar Belmokhtar.


### Source:

1. [AP via Navy Times](http://www.navytimes.com/news/2013/03/ap-france-says-key-al-qaida-chief-in-mali-likely-killed-030413/)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-21648498)

### Related:

1. [Northern Mali conflict:The Government of Mali announces that 63 of their soldiers have been killed fighting jihadists since the French led intervention Operation Serval in January 2013. ](/news/2013/03/27/northern-mali-conflict-pthe-government-of-mali-announces-that-63-of-their-soldiers-have-been-killed-fighting-jihadists-since-the-french-led.md) _Context: France, Northern Mali conflict (2012-present), Operation Serval_
2. [Northern Mali conflict (2012-present):France formally confirms death of Islamist commander Abdelhamid Abou Zeid, a senior al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb in February, after DNA tests. ](/news/2013/03/23/northern-mali-conflict-2012apresent-pfrance-formally-confirms-death-of-islamist-commander-abdelhamid-abou-zeid-a-senior-al-qaeda-in-the.md) _Context: France, Northern Mali conflict (2012-present)_
3. [Northern Mali conflict (2012-present):The country's first reported suicide bomber blows himself up in Gao, injuring one Malian soldier. In the north, French and Chadian forces retake the city of Tessalit. ](/news/2013/02/8/northern-mali-conflict-2012apresent-pthe-country-s-first-reported-suicide-bomber-blows-himself-up-in-gao-injuring-one-malian-soldier-i.md) _Context: France, Northern Mali conflict (2012-present)_
4. [Northern Mali conflict (2012-present):Insurgents launch an attack on the strategic city of Gao, capturing a police station and sparking a day-long firefight that included Malian troops, as well as French attack helicopters. ](/news/2013/02/11/northern-mali-conflict-2012apresent-pinsurgents-launch-an-attack-on-the-strategic-city-of-gao-capturing-a-police-station-and-sparking-a.md) _Context: France, Northern Mali conflict (2012-present)_
5. [Northern Mali conflict (2012-present):French-led troops in Mali take control of Gao International Airport in the northern town and Islamist stronghold of Gao. ](/news/2013/01/26/northern-mali-conflict-2012apresent-pfrench-led-troops-in-mali-take-control-of-gao-international-airport-in-the-northern-town-and-islami.md) _Context: France, Northern Mali conflict (2012-present)_
6. [Northern Mali conflict (2012-present):Battle of Konna: The Military of Mali recaptures the town of Konna three days after French jets drove out Islamist militants. ](/news/2013/01/18/northern-mali-conflict-2012apresent-pbattle-of-konna-pthe-military-of-mali-recaptures-the-town-of-konna-three-days-after-french-jets-dr.md) _Context: France, Northern Mali conflict (2012-present)_
7. [In Amenas hostage crisis:Suspected Islamic militants take over a BP facility in In Amenas, Algeria, killing at least 2 workers and taking up to 40 others hostage, including 13 Norwegians, a number of Americans, as well as nationals from Ireland, Japan, France and the United Kingdom. A previously unknown group allied to al-Qaeda's regional branch says the attack is in revenge for Algeria's support of the French operation against Islamic rebels in Mali. ](/news/2013/01/16/in-ama-c-nas-hostage-crisis-psuspected-islamic-militants-take-over-a-bp-facility-in-in-ama-c-nas-algeria-killing-at-least-2-workers-and-taking.md) _Context: France, Operation Serval_
8. [Northern Mali conflict (2012-present):African troops are to be deployed in Mali to fight alongside French and Malian soldiers within a week. ](/news/2013/01/15/northern-mali-conflict-2012apresent-pafrican-troops-are-to-be-deployed-in-mali-to-fight-alongside-french-and-malian-soldiers-within-a-we.md) _Context: France, Northern Mali conflict (2012-present)_
9. [Northern Mali conflict (2012-present): Islamists rebels capture the Malian town of Diabaly after fierce fighting with government troops, as French airplanes strike targets in Gao. ](/news/2013/01/14/northern-mali-conflict-2012apresent-pislamists-rebels-capture-the-malian-town-of-diabaly-after-fierce-fighting-with-government-troops.md) _Context: France, Northern Mali conflict (2012-present)_
10. [Northern Mali conflict (2012-present):A French pilot is killed in a helicopter raid in northern Mali, according to French Minister of Defence Jean-Yves Le Drian. ](/news/2013/01/12/northern-mali-conflict-2012apresent-pa-french-pilot-is-killed-in-a-helicopter-raid-in-northern-mali-according-to-french-minister-of-def.md) _Context: France, Northern Mali conflict (2012-present)_
