### [2010-01-5](/news/2010/01/5/index.md)

# The US State Department announces that they are revamping how foreign delegations are handled, in response to a Secret Service report that a third man had crashed the state dinner for the Prime Minister of India. 

A third uninvited guest made it into a White House state dinner in honor of the Indian prime minister, but there is no evidence the person had contact with the president or first lady, the Secret Service said on Monday.


### Source:

1. [Associated Press](http://www.breitbart.com/article.php?id=D9D159K80&show_article=1)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSTRE6033VS20100104)

### Related:

1. [Cuba-United States relations. The United States State Department says at least 16 U.S. government employees and family members based in Cuba showed physical symptoms from the previously reported acoustic attacks. Investigators are exploring whether some form of sonic attack was directed at diplomats homes. ](/news/2017/08/24/cuba-united-states-relations-the-united-states-state-department-says-at-least-16-u-s-government-employees-and-family-members-based-in-cu.md) _Context: United States State Department_
2. [Executive Order 13780, "Hawaii v. Trump". The Trump Administration asks the U.S. Supreme Court to stop implementation of yesterday's ruling by Hawaii District Judge Derrick Watson that expanded the State Department's definition of "close family" used to implement the Supreme Court's June order that permits admission to the U.S. of those with a bona fide relationship. ](/news/2017/07/14/executive-order-13780-hawaii-v-trump-the-trump-administration-asks-the-u-s-supreme-court-to-stop-implementation-of-yesterday-s-ruling.md) _Context: United States State Department_
3. [North Korea-United States relations. After over a year in North Korean prison, the government releases the one-year comatose Otto Warmbier after negotiations from the United States Department of State. ](/news/2017/06/13/north-korea-united-states-relations-after-over-a-year-in-north-korean-prison-the-government-releases-the-one-year-comatose-otto-warmbier.md) _Context: United States State Department_
4. [Syrian Civil War. Israeli Minister of Construction Yoav Galant states that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should be assassinated. Yesterday, the United States Department of State accused the al-Assad government of using a crematory at Sednaya Prison to cover up the mass murders of thousands of political prisoners. The Syrian government denies the accusations. ](/news/2017/05/16/syrian-civil-war-israeli-minister-of-construction-yoav-galant-states-that-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-should-be-assassinated-yesterda.md) _Context: United States State Department_
5. [U.S. immigration suspension, "State of Washington v. Trump". The Department of Homeland Security says it has stopped enforcing the executive order per Judge James Robart's ruling in "State of Washington v. Trump". The State Department activates visas that had been previously suspended because of this order. ](/news/2017/02/4/u-s-immigration-suspension-state-of-washington-v-trump-the-department-of-homeland-security-says-it-has-stopped-enforcing-the-executive.md) _Context: United States State Department_
6. [Patrick F. Kennedy, Joyce Anne Barr, Michele Thoren Bond and Gentry O. Smith resign from the United States Department of State, after Victoria Nuland and Gregory B. Starr had declined to stay on in the Donald Trump administration. ](/news/2017/01/26/patrick-f-kennedy-joyce-anne-barr-michele-thoren-bond-and-gentry-o-smith-resign-from-the-united-states-department-of-state-after-victor.md) _Context: United States State Department_
7. [Russia-United States relations. 2016 United States election interference by Russia. The Kremlin says almost all communications channels with the United States are frozen. The U.S. State Department says the dialogue with Russia continues despite their differences. ](/news/2016/12/21/russia-united-states-relations-2016-united-states-election-interference-by-russia-the-kremlin-says-almost-all-communications-channels-wi.md) _Context: United States State Department_
8. [United States presidential election, 2016 timeline. Stop Trump movement. A false alarm leads to Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump being rushed off stage by United States Secret Service agents at a campaign rally in Reno, Nevada. A man, reportedly carrying a gun, was escorted out of the venue by security officers shortly following the incident; however, further inspection revealed no weapons on his person. The man was brandishing a "Republicans against Trump" sign.](/news/2016/11/5/united-states-presidential-election-2016-timeline-stop-trump-movement-a-false-alarm-leads-to-republican-presidential-nominee-donald-trump.md) _Context: United States Secret Service_
9. [Philippines-United States relations. Philippine Drug War. United States State Department blocks the sale of firearms to the Philippines due to concerns of human rights violations. ](/news/2016/11/2/philippines-united-states-relations-philippine-drug-war-united-states-state-department-blocks-the-sale-of-firearms-to-the-philippines-du.md) _Context: United States State Department_
10. [Syrian Civil War. Between four and 20 people are reported killed by government and Russian airstrikes that hit rebel held areas, five hospitals, and a mobile clinic in Aleppo, says U.S. State Department spokeswoman Elizabeth Trudeau. Syria and Russia deny targeting Aleppo. ](/news/2016/11/15/syrian-civil-war-between-four-and-20-people-are-reported-killed-by-government-and-russian-airstrikes-that-hit-rebel-held-areas-five-hospit.md) _Context: United States State Department_
