### [2004-08-27](/news/2004/08/27/index.md)

#  The FBI has launched a full espionage investigation into Larry Franklin after obtaining evidence pointing to a high-ranking spy in the Pentagon. According to [http://www.cbsnews.com/stories/2004/08/27/eveningnews/main639143.shtml CBS News], the spy has been giving classified secrets to Israel which could compromise U.S. national security. Israel denies the charges.




### Related:

1. [The FBI arrests Rezwan Ferdaus, a 26-year-old American citizen, for plotting to fly remotely-controlled planes filled with explosives into The Pentagon and the United States Capitol in Washington, D.C. ](/news/2011/09/28/the-fbi-arrests-rezwan-ferdaus-a-26-year-old-american-citizen-for-plotting-to-fly-remotely-controlled-planes-filled-with-explosives-into-t.md) _Context: FBI, United States military_
2. [Egypt uncovers an alleged Israeli spy-ring, charging one Egyptian business man and two Israelis with attempting to recruit agents to spy for Israel. ](/news/2010/12/20/egypt-uncovers-an-alleged-israeli-spy-ring-charging-one-egyptian-business-man-and-two-israelis-with-attempting-to-recruit-agents-to-spy-for.md) _Context: Israel, spy_
3. [Israel buys 20 F-35I variant radar-evading fighter jets from the United States, Israel's first batch of advanced fighter jets which arm the country with the most sophisticated combat aircraft in the Middle East. Officials at The Pentagon acknowledge the sale. ](/news/2010/10/7/israel-buys-20-f-35i-variant-radar-evading-fighter-jets-from-the-united-states-israel-s-first-batch-of-advanced-fighter-jets-which-arm-the.md) _Context: Israel, United States military_
4. [The U.S. Pentagon alleges that Iran has violated United Nations sanctions against itself by providing an advanced radar system to Syria, a system the Pentagon claims would hurt Israel's ability to launch surprise attacks against Iran. ](/news/2010/07/3/the-u-s-pentagon-alleges-that-iran-has-violated-united-nations-sanctions-against-itself-by-providing-an-advanced-radar-system-to-syria-a-s.md) _Context: Israel, United States military_
5. [ Israeli investigation brings evidence that a buried explosive device caused the Gaza beach blast in which seven Palestenian civilians were killed, rather than an artillery shelling as stated by the Hamas-led Palestenian government. A former Pentagon official paid by the Human Rights Watch organization asserts than an Israeli shelling caused the tragedy. United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan retracts earlier skeptic remarks he made on Israel's position on the incident. Sddeutsche Zeitung reports numerous flaws in the Palestenian footage from the beach, including a dead man later walking around. ](/news/2006/06/13/israeli-investigation-brings-evidence-that-a-buried-explosive-device-caused-the-gaza-beach-blast-in-which-seven-palestenian-civilians-were.md) _Context: Israel, United States military_
6. [It is suspected that Israeli jets bomb a military research facility near the city of Masyaf, Hama Governorate, killing at least two Syrian Army soldiers. The facility was rumoured to contain chemical weapons. ](/news/2017/09/7/it-is-suspected-that-israeli-jets-bomb-a-military-research-facility-near-the-city-of-masyaf-hama-governorate-killing-at-least-two-syrian-a.md) _Context: Israel_
7. [The Supreme Court of Israel strikes down the exemption on the conscription of ultra-Orthodox Jews. ](/news/2017/09/13/the-supreme-court-of-israel-strikes-down-the-exemption-on-the-conscription-of-ultra-orthodox-jews.md) _Context: Israel_
8. [Israel plans to shut down all of Al Jazeera's operations in the country, alleging support of terrorism. ](/news/2017/08/6/israel-plans-to-shut-down-all-of-al-jazeera-s-operations-in-the-country-alleging-support-of-terrorism.md) _Context: Israel_
9. [An improvised explosive device goes off at a mosque in Bloomington, Minnesota. No injuries were reported, and the FBI is investigating the case. ](/news/2017/08/5/an-improvised-explosive-device-goes-off-at-a-mosque-in-bloomington-minnesota-no-injuries-were-reported-and-the-fbi-is-investigating-the-c.md) _Context: FBI_
10. [The world's oldest man, Polish-Israeli Yisrael Kristal, who was also recognized as the oldest living Holocaust survivor, dies at age 113 years, 330 days, in Haifa, Israel. ](/news/2017/08/11/the-world-s-oldest-man-polishaisraeli-yisrael-kristal-who-was-also-recognized-as-the-oldest-living-holocaust-survivor-dies-at-age-113-y.md) _Context: Israel_
