### [2016-01-17](/news/2016/01/17/index.md)

# Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa: Sierra Leone imposes quarantine on hundreds of people following a recent death from the Ebola virus. 

Sierra Leone&#039;s Government announces that more than 100 people have been quarantined, following a new death from Ebola.


### Source:

1. [AFP via ABC News](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2016-01-17/sierra-leone-ebola-case-more-than-100-quarantined/7093744)

### Related:

1. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa: The World Health Organisation confirms a second new case of Ebola virus in Sierra Leone. ](/news/2016/01/21/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-the-world-health-organisation-confirms-a-second-new-case-of-ebola-virus-in-sierra-leone.md) _Context: Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, Sierra Leone, ebola virus_
2. [Ebola virus disease in the United States: A Maine judge imposes limited restrictions, but rejects state officials' bid to quarantine nurse Kaci Hickox, who returned to the United States last week after treating Ebola patients in Sierra Leone. ](/news/2014/10/31/ebola-virus-disease-in-the-united-states-a-maine-judge-imposes-limited-restrictions-but-rejects-state-officials-bid-to-quarantine-nurse-k.md) _Context: Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, Sierra Leone, quarantine_
3. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa: Australia issues a blanket ban on issuing visas for residents of Liberia, Guinea and Sierra Leone, the countries worst affected by the Ebola epidemic. ](/news/2014/10/28/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-australia-issues-a-blanket-ban-on-issuing-visas-for-residents-of-liberia-guinea-and-sierra-leone-the.md) _Context: Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, Sierra Leone, ebola virus_
4. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa: The World Health Organisation declares an end to the Ebola virus outbreak in West Africa with Liberia the last country to be declared free of the virus. ](/news/2016/01/14/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-the-world-health-organisation-declares-an-end-to-the-ebola-virus-outbreak-in-west-africa-with-liberia-t.md) _Context: Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, ebola virus_
5. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa: Ebola virus cases in the United States: United States authorities announce mandatory Ebola screening will end for travelers from Liberia to five U.S. airports, effective September 21, 2015. Screening of travelers from Sierra Leone and Guinea will continue. ](/news/2015/09/18/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-ebola-virus-cases-in-the-united-states-united-states-authorities-announce-mandatory-ebola-screening-wi.md) _Context: Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, Sierra Leone_
6. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa: Two new cases of ebola virus disease are reported from Sierra Leone-s capital city of Freetown about three weeks after the most recent new cases were found.](/news/2015/06/22/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-two-new-cases-of-ebola-virus-disease-are-reported-from-sierra-leone-s-capital-city-of-freetown-about.md) _Context: Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, Sierra Leone_
7. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa: The World Health Organization declares that the outbreak of the Ebola virus has ceased in Liberia after weeks of no cases there. ](/news/2015/05/9/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-the-world-health-organization-declares-that-the-outbreak-of-the-ebola-virus-has-ceased-in-liberia-after.md) _Context: Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, ebola virus_
8. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa: Sierra Leone quarantines 700 homes in the Aberdeen district of Freetown following the death of a fisherman. ](/news/2015/02/13/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-sierra-leone-quarantines-700-homes-in-the-aberdeen-district-of-freetown-following-the-death-of-a-fisher.md) _Context: Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, Sierra Leone_
9. [Ebola outbreak:: Glasgow's Gartnavel Hospital diagnoses a woman, who arrived from Sierra Leone, as the first case of Ebola in the UK. ](/news/2014/12/29/ebola-outbreak-glasgow-s-gartnavel-hospital-diagnoses-a-woman-who-arrived-from-sierra-leone-as-the-first-case-of-ebola-in-the-uk.md) _Context: Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, Sierra Leone_
10. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa: Sierra Leone quarantines the Tonkolili district with more than half the country under lockdown and the official death toll in the country reaching 1,530 and roughly 7,109 infected. ](/news/2014/12/2/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-sierra-leone-quarantines-the-tonkolili-district-with-more-than-half-the-country-under-lockdown-and-the.md) _Context: Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, Sierra Leone_
