### [2016-01-17](/news/2016/01/17/index.md)

# Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). At least 13 civilians have been killed by a roadside bomb while fleeing from fighting between Iraqi security forces and ISIL near Ramadi. 

Children among those killed by roadside bomb as troops try to push armed group from eastern parts of key city.


### Source:

1. [Al-Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/01/iraq-civilians-killed-fleeing-isil-clashes-ramadi-160117133953656.html)
2. [Washington Examiner](http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/three-americans-missing-feared-kidnapped-in-iraq/article/2580748)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Iraqi Armed Forces announce the complete recapture of the city of Ramadi in western Iraq's Anbar Province from the Islamic State, along with the reopening of the Ramadi-Baghdad road. ](/news/2016/02/9/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-iraqi-armed-forces-announce-the-complete-recapture-of-the-city-of-ramadi-in-western-iraq-s-anbar-province.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Ramadi_
2. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Iraqi officials say the country's forces have managed to retake large parts of the key city of Ramadi from Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. ](/news/2015/12/8/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-iraqi-officials-say-the-country-s-forces-have-managed-to-retake-large-parts-of-the-key-city-of-ramadi-from.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Ramadi_
3. [Iraqi Civil War. Tal Afar offensive (2017). Iraqi security forces, along with Shi'ite volunteers and Kurdish Peshmerga fighters, launch a ground offensive to take the city of Tal Afar back from Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. The city has been isolated from the rest of the ISIL-held territory since the recent Mosul liberation. ](/news/2017/08/20/iraqi-civil-war-tal-afar-offensive-2017-iraqi-security-forces-along-with-shi-ite-volunteers-and-kurdish-peshmerga-fighters-launch-a-gr.md) _Context: Iraqi security forces, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
4. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). A suicide bomber at a market in Musayyib kills 31 and wounds 35. ISIL claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/06/9/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-a-suicide-bomber-at-a-market-in-musayyib-kills-31-and-wounds-35-isil-claims-responsibility.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). According to security sources, dozens of people are killed in an overnight attack in Tikrit by suspected ISIL militants. 31 bodies were taken to a hospital, according to a local doctor, while more continued to be found by morning. ](/news/2017/04/5/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-according-to-security-sources-dozens-of-people-are-killed-in-an-overnight-attack-in-tikrit-by-suspected-i.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). The pro-government Popular Mobilization Forces militia takes control of the mostly destroyed ancient city of Hatra in Iraq's Nineveh Governorate, following clashes with ISIL, who seized the ruins in 2014. ](/news/2017/04/26/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-the-pro-government-popular-mobilization-forces-militia-takes-control-of-the-mostly-destroyed-ancient-city.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). A car bomb explodes in a Shi'ite neighbourhood in Baghdad, killing at least 48 people. ISIL claimed responsibility for the bombing. ](/news/2017/02/16/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-a-car-bomb-explodes-in-a-shi-ite-neighbourhood-in-baghdad-killing-at-least-48-people-isil-claimed-respon.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Battle of Mosul (2016-17). The Iraqi Army announces the liberation of the eastern part of Mosul following the collapse of ISIL defenses. ](/news/2017/01/18/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-battle-of-mosul-2016-17-the-iraqi-army-announces-the-liberation-of-the-eastern-part-of-mosul-followin.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). November 2016 Hillah suicide truck bombing. At least 80 Shia pilgrims are killed in a truck bomb attack in Iraq. Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/11/24/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-november-2016-hillah-suicide-truck-bombing-at-least-80-shia-pilgrims-are-killed-in-a-truck-bomb-attack-in.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [ Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Battle of Mosul (2016). The UN reports 232 civilians have been murdered in and near Mosul by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2016/10/28/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-battle-of-mosul-2016-the-un-reports-232-civilians-have-been-murdered-in-and-near-mosul-by-the-islamic.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
