### [2016-01-17](/news/2016/01/17/index.md)

# ISIL militants abduct at least 400 civilians from the eastern Syrian city of Deir ez-Zor. 

A monitoring group says Islamic State fighters have abducted at least 400 civilians in eastern Syria.


### Source:

1. [Sky News](http://www.skynews.com.au/news/top-stories/2016/01/17/is-militants-kidnap-400-civillians-in-syria.html)

### Related:

1. [At least 75 Syrian Army soldiers and pro-Assad militiamen are killed following a multi-front attack on the eastern Syrian city of Deir ez-Zor by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant forces. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports ISIL fighters had advanced into the northern tip of Deir ez-Zor city, and captured the suburb of Al-Baghaliyeh. The pro-government Syrian Arab News Agency (SANA) reports that government forces had repelled an attack on the city leaving dozens of militants dead. ](/news/2016/01/16/at-least-75-syrian-army-soldiers-and-pro-assad-militiamen-are-killed-following-a-multi-front-attack-on-the-eastern-syrian-city-of-deir-ez-zo.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
2. [ISIL militants and their families, estimated to be around 600 people, begin to leave their strongholds on the Lebanon-Syria border and Qalamun Mountains for the Deir ez-Zor Governorate under Syrian military escort. A ceasefire was reached between warring parties yesterday. ](/news/2017/08/28/isil-militants-and-their-families-estimated-to-be-around-600-people-begin-to-leave-their-strongholds-on-the-lebanonasyria-border-and-qal.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
3. [The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria-following-russia-s-threat-that-it-would-treat-any-ai.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
4. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
5. [The United States Marine Corps' 11th Marine Expeditionary Unit arrives in Syria ahead of a Syrian Democratic Forces operation to take control of ISIL's de facto capital of Raqqa. ](/news/2017/03/8/the-united-states-marine-corps-11th-marine-expeditionary-unit-arrives-in-syria-ahead-of-a-syrian-democratic-forces-operation-to-take-contro.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
6. [ISIL's third attack against the Syrian government's forces in the city of Deir ez-Zor reportedly splits the government held area in two. An estimated 14,000 ISIL fighters are participating in the attack according to the government. ](/news/2017/01/16/isil-s-third-attack-against-the-syrian-government-s-forces-in-the-city-of-deir-ez-zor-reportedly-splits-the-government-held-area-in-two-an.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ceasefire-is-said-to.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
8. [ISIL recaptures the Syrian city of Palmyra despite heavy Russian airstrikes, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and Palmyra Coordination Committee (PCC). ](/news/2016/12/11/isil-recaptures-the-syrian-city-of-palmyra-despite-heavy-russian-airstrikes-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-and-palmyr.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Turkish-backed rebels advance on the symbolic ISIL-controlled town of Dabiq, in northern Syria. ISIL believes Dabiq is the location where an apocalyptic battle will take place shortly before the end of the world. ](/news/2016/10/15/turkish-backed-rebels-advance-on-the-symbolic-isil-controlled-town-of-dabiq-in-northern-syria-isil-believes-dabiq-is-the-location-where-an.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Several bombings kill at least 40 people in government and Kurdish held territory across Syria, including Tartus, Homs, Al-Hasakah and Damascus. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/09/5/several-bombings-kill-at-least-40-people-in-government-and-kurdish-held-territory-across-syria-including-tartus-homs-al-hasakah-and-damas.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
