### [2016-01-17](/news/2016/01/17/index.md)

# Pakistani prime minister Nawaz Sharif and army chief General Raheel Sharif will visit Riyadh on Monday and Tehran on Tuesday to launch mediation efforts between Iran and Saudi Arabia for normalization of relations and to ease the tensions in the region after Saudi Arabia executed a prominent Shia cleric Sheikh Nimr and an attack on the Saudi Embassy in Tehran. 

Islamabad&#039;s surprising move catches Pakistani and Iranian diplomats unawares.


### Source:

1. [DAWN](http://www.dawn.com/news/1233549/pm-coas-to-visit-iran-s-arabia-for-mediation)
2. [India Times](http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/international/world-news/pakistan-pm-nawaz-sharif-heads-to-saudi-arabia-iran-in-bid-to-mend-rift/articleshow/50603596.cms)
3. [Pakistan Today](http://www.pakistantoday.com.pk/2016/01/17/national/pakistan-decides-to-intervene-in-saudi-iran-row/)

### Related:

1. [Saudi Arabia breaks off diplomatic relations with Iran after Sheikh Nimr's execution and an attack on the Saudi embassy in Tehran. ](/news/2016/01/3/saudi-arabia-breaks-off-diplomatic-relations-with-iran-after-sheikh-nimr-s-execution-and-an-attack-on-the-saudi-embassy-in-tehran.md) _Context: Iran, Iran-Saudi Arabia relations, Saudi Arabia, Tehran_
2. [The top cleric of Saudi Arabia says Iranians "are not Muslims." ](/news/2016/09/7/the-top-cleric-of-saudi-arabia-says-iranians-are-not-muslims.md) _Context: Iran, Iran-Saudi Arabia relations, Saudi Arabia_
3. [Iran bans imports of all products made in Saudi Arabia and reiterates that the ban on Iranians traveling to the Saudi holy city of Mecca remains in place.](/news/2016/01/7/iran-bans-imports-of-all-products-made-in-saudi-arabia-and-reiterates-that-the-ban-on-iranians-traveling-to-the-saudi-holy-city-of-mecca-rem.md) _Context: Iran, Iran-Saudi Arabia relations, Saudi Arabia_
4. [Iranian Deputy Foreign Minister has left Tehran for Saudi Arabia for participation in the Organization of Islamic Cooperation ministerial meeting in Jeddah which was called for by the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia to discuss the consequence of attack at Saudi Embassy in Tehran following the execution of Shia Muslim cleric Sheikh Nimr. ](/news/2016/01/19/iranian-deputy-foreign-minister-has-left-tehran-for-saudi-arabia-for-participation-in-the-organization-of-islamic-cooperation-ministerial-me.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Sheikh Nimr, Tehran_
5. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Iran, Saudi Arabia_
6. [The 17-story Plasco Building collapses after a blaze in Tehran, Iran. The building was evacuated but 30 firefighters have been killed in the collapse. ](/news/2017/01/19/the-17-story-plasco-building-collapses-after-a-blaze-in-tehran-iran-the-building-was-evacuated-but-30-firefighters-have-been-killed-in-the.md) _Context: Iran, Tehran_
7. [Saudi Arabia tells its partners in the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries that it will not attend a planned November 28 meeting in Vienna, out of unhappiness about intransigence from Iraq and Iran with regard to production cuts. ](/news/2016/11/25/saudi-arabia-tells-its-partners-in-the-organization-of-petroleum-exporting-countries-that-it-will-not-attend-a-planned-november-28-meeting-i.md) _Context: Iran, Saudi Arabia_
8. [As many as 412 people have died in the last 23 days due to smog in Tehran, according to Iran's Health Ministry. All schools in the city have also been ordered to close as part of emergency measures. ](/news/2016/11/16/as-many-as-412-people-have-died-in-the-last-23-days-due-to-smog-in-tehran-according-to-iran-s-health-ministry-all-schools-in-the-city-have.md) _Context: Iran, Tehran_
9. [United States President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Iran, Saudi Arabia_
10. [The Saudi-owned news channel Al Arabiya shuts its offices in Beirut, Lebanon and dismisses 27 employees in a sudden move reflecting tensions between Saudi Arabia and Lebanon-based Hezbollah, which is backed by Iran. Saudi Arabia interpreted Lebanon's lack of public solidarity as a sign that it had become beholden to Hezbollah. ](/news/2016/04/2/the-saudi-owned-news-channel-al-arabiya-shuts-its-offices-in-beirut-lebanon-and-dismisses-27-employees-in-a-sudden-move-reflecting-tensions.md) _Context: Iran, Saudi Arabia_
