### [2016-01-17](/news/2016/01/17/index.md)

# War in Afghanistan (2015-present): A suicide bomber kills at least 13 people and injures 14 in the Afghan city of Jalalabad. 

Fourteen people were killed Sunday when a suicide bomber struck a gathering of tribal elders at a prominent politician&#x27;s home in Jalalabad, the second deadly attack in the eastern Afghan city in less than a week. The Taliban denied responsibility for the bombing, which also left 13 people wounded


### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo! News](http://news.yahoo.com/suicide-bomb-attack-kills-11-eastern-afghanistan-officials-074439678.html;_ylt=AwrXoCDvVZtWjUwA2T_QtDMD;_ylu=X3oDMTByb2lvbXVuBGNvbG8DZ3ExBHBvcwMxBHZ0aWQDBHNlYwNzcg--)
2. [Reuters via LBC Australia](http://www.lbcaustralia.com/news/247197/suicide-bomber-kills-nine-people-in-eastern-afghan/en)

### Related:

1. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): A suicide bomber attacks a convoy in Afghanistan's Kabul province, killing a Georgian soldier and three civilians and wounding 13 others, including six Resolute Support personnel. ](/news/2017/08/3/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-suicide-bomber-attacks-a-convoy-in-afghanistan-s-kabul-province-killing-a-georgian-soldier-and-three.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, War in Afghanistan (2015-present), suicide bomber_
2. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Nine people are killed in an attack on the Indian consulate In Jalalabad, Afghanistan. ](/news/2016/03/2/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-nine-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-on-the-indian-consulate-in-jalalabad-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Jalalabad, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
3. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): A suicide bomber kills at least 26 and injures nearly 50 in Afghanistan's eastern Kunar Province near the border with Pakistan. ](/news/2016/02/27/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-26-and-injures-nearly-50-in-afghanistan-s-eastern-kunar-province-near-t.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, War in Afghanistan (2015-present), suicide bomber_
4. [A suicide bomber allegedly affiliated with ISIL strikes a bank in the city of Jalalabad in Afghanistan, killing at least 33 and wounding 100. ](/news/2015/04/18/a-suicide-bomber-allegedly-affiliated-with-isil-strikes-a-bank-in-the-city-of-jalalabad-in-afghanistan-killing-at-least-33-and-wounding-100.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Jalalabad, suicide bomber_
5. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): An explosion kills at least 29 people and injures dozens more at a Shia mosque in Herat, Afghanistan. ](/news/2017/08/1/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-an-explosion-kills-at-least-29-people-and-injures-dozens-more-at-a-shia-mosque-in-herat-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
6. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): An Afghan soldier kills 3 U.S. troops and injures 1 other in Achin, Nangarhar Province. The Taliban claims responsibility, saying the Afghan soldier was one of several Taliban infiltrators in the Afghan Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/06/10/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-an-afghan-soldier-kills-3-u-s-troops-and-injures-1-other-in-achin-nangarhar-province-the-taliban-cla.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
7. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): At least 18 people are killed and 6 others injured in a car bomb explosion in Khost, eastern Afghanistan. ](/news/2017/05/27/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-at-least-18-people-are-killed-and-6-others-injured-in-a-car-bomb-explosion-in-khost-eastern-afghanista.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
8. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): A Taliban raid kills at least 20 Afghan police officers in southern Afghanistan. ](/news/2017/05/21/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-taliban-raid-kills-at-least-20-afghan-police-officers-in-southern-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
9. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Two U.S. service members are killed and a third is injured during a raid against ISIL militants in Afghanistan's Nangarhar Province. ](/news/2017/04/27/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-two-u-s-service-members-are-killed-and-a-third-is-injured-during-a-raid-against-isil-militants-in-afgh.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
10. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): April 2017 Nangarhar airstrike: The United States Air Force drops the GBU-43/B Massive Ordnance Air Blast in Nangarhar Province, Afghanistan, reportedly on an ISIL complex of tunnels and caves. This is the first use of the weapon on the battlefield. ](/news/2017/04/13/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-april-2017-nangarhar-airstrike-the-united-states-air-force-drops-the-gbu-43-b-massive-ordnance-air-bla.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
