### [2013-05-14](/news/2013/05/14/index.md)

# American actress Angelina Jolie announces that she underwent an elective double mastectomy due to her family history of lethal cases of breast cancer. 




### Source:

1. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/life/people/2013/05/14/angelina-jolie-double-mastectomy-shocks-impresses-enlightens-the-world/2158489/)

### Related:

1. [Maryam Mirzakhani, the first woman and first Iranian to win the Fields Medal in mathematics, dies at 40 of breast cancer. ](/news/2017/07/15/maryam-mirzakhani-the-first-woman-and-first-iranian-to-win-the-fields-medal-in-mathematics-dies-at-40-of-breast-cancer.md) _Context: breast cancer_
2. [Following the death of 22-year-old U.S. student Otto Warmbier, touring firm Young Pioneer Tours, who arranged Otto's visit to North Korea, say they will no longer be taking U.S. citizens to North Korea as the "risk is too high". Beijing-based Koryo Tours say they are reviewing their positions on taking U.S. citizens to the country. ](/news/2017/06/20/following-the-death-of-22-year-old-u-s-student-otto-warmbier-touring-firm-young-pioneer-tours-who-arranged-otto-s-visit-to-north-korea-s.md) _Context: U.S._
3. [2016 Bagram Airfield bombing: An explosion at NATO's Bagram Airfield kills four Americans and injures at least 16 U.S. service members and a Polish soldier. The Taliban claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/11/12/2016-bagram-airfield-bombing-an-explosion-at-nato-s-bagram-airfield-kills-four-americans-and-injures-at-least-16-u-s-service-members-and-a.md) _Context: U.S._
4. [The American pop star Madonna agrees on a settlement with her former husband Guy Ritchie over their son. ](/news/2016/09/7/the-american-pop-star-madonna-agrees-on-a-settlement-with-her-former-husband-guy-ritchie-over-their-son.md) _Context: U.S._
5. [Citing irreconcilable differences, Angelina Jolie files for divorce from Brad Pitt and seeks full custody of their six children. The couple married in 2014 and had been in a relationship since 2005. ](/news/2016/09/20/citing-irreconcilable-differences-angelina-jolie-files-for-divorce-from-brad-pitt-and-seeks-full-custody-of-their-six-children-the-couple.md) _Context: Angelina Jolie_
6. [The United States Food and Drug Administration approves marketing of a cooling cap system to reduce hair loss in female breast cancer patients during chemotherapy. The DigniCap scalp cooling system, a product first available in Sweden in the 1990s, produces near-freezing temperatures that make it harder for cancer-fighting drugs to reach and harm hair follicles. ](/news/2015/12/8/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-approves-marketing-of-a-cooling-cap-system-to-reduce-hair-loss-in-female-breast-cancer-patien.md) _Context: breast cancer_
7. [The High Court of Australia rules that the breast cancer gene BRCA-1 cannot be patented and the patent claimed by Myriad Genetics is invalid. ](/news/2015/10/7/the-high-court-of-australia-rules-that-the-breast-cancer-gene-brca-1-cannot-be-patented-and-the-patent-claimed-by-myriad-genetics-is-invalid.md) _Context: breast cancer_
8. [The American Cancer Society recommends women at average risk of breast cancer should begin annual mammograms at age 45, and women 55 and older scale back screening to every other year. ](/news/2015/10/20/the-american-cancer-society-recommends-women-at-average-risk-of-breast-cancer-should-begin-annual-mammograms-at-age-45-and-women-55-and-old.md) _Context: breast cancer_
9. [The government of Australia refuses entry to American singer Chris Brown because of his 2009 conviction for domestic violence against his then girlfriend Rihanna. ](/news/2015/09/27/the-government-of-australia-refuses-entry-to-american-singer-chris-brown-because-of-his-2009-conviction-for-domestic-violence-against-his-th.md) _Context: U.S._
10. [The U.S. Preventive Services Task Force issues a recommendation stating that, in consultation with their doctor and pharmacist, and provided the risk of gastrointestinal bleeding and the very rare risk of certain hemorrhagic strokes do not outweigh the benefits in individual cases, that people aged 50 to 70 (especially those aged 50-60 and with a 10 percent risk or higher of cardiovascular disease, or CVD; mindful that the risk of bleeding, which can be dangerous, goes up as one ages) should take low-dose aspirin, for a period of at least 10 years, for preventive benefits against CVD and heart attack, as well as colorectal cancer. The evidence is inconclusive for those not at very high risk who are over 70, and below 40, and there is only weak evidence for prevention of lung cancer, breast cancer, and prostate cancer. ](/news/2015/09/14/the-u-s-preventive-services-task-force-issues-a-recommendation-stating-that-in-consultation-with-their-doctor-and-pharmacist-and-provided.md) _Context: breast cancer_
