### [2013-05-14](/news/2013/05/14/index.md)

# The U.S. Internal Revenue Service admits that it targeted certain classes of conservative groups (mainly those who had the words "Tea Party", "Patriot", and other related words in their titles) for special scrutiny. 

The IRS’s admission it targeted conservative groups for special scrutiny has drawn political condemnation but it isn’t the first, second or third time the agency has been accused of playing fast and loose with the law.


### Source:

1. [FOX News](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2013/05/14/new-irs-scandal-echoes-agency-problems-past/)

### Related:

1. [Steven Miller, the acting commissioner of the U.S. Internal Revenue Service, resigns amidst pressure from the fallout surrounding the agency's targeting of Tea Party groups. ](/news/2013/05/15/steven-miller-the-acting-commissioner-of-the-u-s-internal-revenue-service-resigns-amidst-pressure-from-the-fallout-surrounding-the-agency.md) _Context: Internal Revenue Service, U.S._
2. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: 2017 North Korean missile tests: U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435|mi|km reaching an altitude of more than 1245|mi|km before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60|mi|km south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-2017-north-korean-missile-tests-u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launc.md) _Context: U.S._
3. [U.S. President Barack Obama expands the Papahanaumokuakea Marine National Monument off the coast of Hawai'i, making it the largest national park on the planet. ](/news/2016/08/26/u-s-president-barack-obama-expands-the-papahanaumokuakea-marine-national-monument-off-the-coast-of-hawai-i-making-it-the-largest-nationa.md) _Context: U.S._
4. [The President of Russia, Vladimir Putin, warns Romania and Poland against hosting parts of the U.S. missile defense shield. ](/news/2016/05/28/the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-warns-romania-and-poland-against-hosting-parts-of-the-u-s-missile-defense-shield.md) _Context: U.S._
5. [ War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Military intervention against ISIL: U.S. airstrikes in eastern Afghanistan hit an ISIS radio station and kill 29 militants. ](/news/2016/02/2/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-military-intervention-against-isil-u-s-airstrikes-in-eastern-afghanistan-hit-an-isis-radio-station-a.md) _Context: U.S._
6. [Cuba-United States relations: Government officials from Cuba and the U.S. met in Havana, beginning settlement discussions surrounding $1.9 billion worth of U.S. assets seized by Fidel Castro-s regime in the early 1960s. By law, the United States embargo against Cuba cannot cease until settlements are made. [https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/the_americas/in-major-breakthrough-cuba-and-us-discuss-19billion-in-property-claims/2015/12/08/9bc2ced0-9d23-11e5-9ad2-568d814bbf3b_story.html "(Washington Post)"]](/news/2015/12/9/cuba-united-states-relations-government-officials-from-cuba-and-the-u-s-met-in-havana-beginning-settlement-discussions-surrounding-1-9.md) _Context: U.S._
7. [Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter announces that his latest medical tests show he is cancer-free. Carter, 91, announced in August that a melanoma for which he had been treated had returned. ](/news/2015/12/6/former-u-s-president-jimmy-carter-announces-that-his-latest-medical-tests-show-he-is-cancer-free-carter-91-announced-in-august-that-a-me.md) _Context: U.S._
8. [Janet L. Yellen, chairperson of the U.S. Federal Reserve Bank, states that economic conditions improved to the point where a rise in the Fed-s benchmark interest rate is likely when the Federal Open Market Committee meets in mid-December. ](/news/2015/12/2/janet-l-yellen-chairperson-of-the-u-s-federal-reserve-bank-states-that-economic-conditions-improved-to-the-point-where-a-rise-in-the-fed.md) _Context: U.S._
9. [Quebec-based Valeant Pharmaceuticals International cut all ties with Philidor Rx Services. This comes in the wake of recent revelations that Valeant was looking to acquire Philidor, a relationship that raised questions from various quarters. Valeant is the subject of U.S. federal investigations. ](/news/2015/10/30/quebec-based-valeant-pharmaceuticals-international-cut-all-ties-with-philidor-rx-services-this-comes-in-the-wake-of-recent-revelations-that.md) _Context: U.S._
10. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), American-led intervention in Iraq, Syrian Civil War: American-led intervention in Syria: United States Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter indicates a more robust role ahead for the United States military in bolstering indigenous forces countering ISIS and in response to Russia-s increasing role in Middle East conflicts. ](/news/2015/10/26/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-american-led-intervention-in-iraq-syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-united-states-sec.md) _Context: U.S._
