### [2013-05-14](/news/2013/05/14/index.md)

# The British Conservative Party publishes a draft European Union (Referendum) Bill aimed at holding a referendum on Britain's membership of the European Union by 2017. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-22530655)

### Related:

1. [European Union leaders advise the United Kingdom that, after their EU exit, to retain access to the bloc's lucrative single market, the UK must allow free movement for EU workers. German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Francois Hollande reiterated that freedom of movement of EU citizens is non-negotiable. ](/news/2016/06/29/european-union-leaders-advise-the-united-kingdom-that-after-their-eu-exit-to-retain-access-to-the-bloc-s-lucrative-single-market-the-uk-m.md) _Context: EU, United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
2. [Nicola Sturgeon, the First Minister of Scotland, says that Scottish Parliament has the power to veto the United Kingdom's exit from the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/26/nicola-sturgeon-the-first-minister-of-scotland-says-that-scottish-parliament-has-the-power-to-veto-the-united-kingdom-s-exit-from-the-euro.md) _Context: EU, United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
3. [Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-berlin-to-discuss-the-consequences-of-the-united-kin.md) _Context: EU, United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
4. [Mayor of London and cabinet member Boris Johnson says that U.S. President Barack Obama is "inconsistent and hypocritical" in persuading the British people to remain in the European Union. ](/news/2016/04/22/mayor-of-london-and-cabinet-member-boris-johnson-says-that-u-s-president-barack-obama-is-inconsistent-and-hypocritical-in-persuading-the.md) _Context: EU, United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
5. [U.S. President Barack Obama, in an op-ed in London's "Daily Telegraph", urges Britons to keep the U.K. in the European Union. Tomorrow, Obama is scheduled to have lunch with Prince Philip and Queen Elizabeth, who celebrated her 90th birthday today. He then will hold talks with Prime Minister David Cameron. ](/news/2016/04/21/u-s-president-barack-obama-in-an-op-ed-in-london-s-daily-telegraph-urges-britons-to-keep-the-u-k-in-the-european-union-tomorrow-obam.md) _Context: EU, United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
6. [The United Kingdom's Prime Minister David Cameron announces he will suspend collective responsibility ahead of the referendum on the country's EU membership, allowing ministers to campaign for the UK to leave the European Union. A member of his cabinet was reportedly due to resign over the issue within 24 hours. ](/news/2016/01/5/the-united-kingdom-s-prime-minister-david-cameron-announces-he-will-suspend-collective-responsibility-ahead-of-the-referendum-on-the-country.md) _Context: EU, United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
7. [According to an opinion poll, a majority of British citizens now want the United Kingdom to leave the European Union as voter anxiety rises over the bloc's handling of a crisis provoked by an influx of migrants into Europe. A referendum on the United Kingdom's EU membership is scheduled to take place before the end of 2017. ](/news/2015/11/24/according-to-an-opinion-poll-a-majority-of-british-citizens-now-want-the-united-kingdom-to-leave-the-european-union-as-voter-anxiety-rises.md) _Context: EU, United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
8. [The UK may not face a credit rating downgrade if it votes to leave the EU in a referendum due by the end of 2017, according to the lead UK analyst at Moody's. ](/news/2015/11/22/the-uk-may-not-face-a-credit-rating-downgrade-if-it-votes-to-leave-the-eu-in-a-referendum-due-by-the-end-of-2017-according-to-the-lead-uk-a.md) _Context: EU, United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
9. [Former Chancellor of Germany Helmut Kohl blames recently deceased former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher's hostility towards a closer Europe as the cause for ongoing tensions between the United Kingdom and the European Union. ](/news/2013/04/11/former-chancellor-of-germany-helmut-kohl-blames-recently-deceased-former-british-prime-minister-margaret-thatcher-s-hostility-towards-a-clos.md) _Context: EU, United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
10. [In a speech in London, British Prime Minister David Cameron outlines his intention to renegotiate the terms of the UK's membership of the European Union then offer a referendum on United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union if a new deal is agreed. ](/news/2013/01/23/in-a-speech-in-london-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-outlines-his-intention-to-renegotiate-the-terms-of-the-uk-s-membership-of-the-eu.md) _Context: EU, United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
