### [2013-05-14](/news/2013/05/14/index.md)

# War in Afghanistan (2001-present):. The Taliban kills four US soldiers in Kandahar Province, Afghanistan. 

Three US soldiers with the Nato-led force in Kandahar province in southern Afghanistan have been killed by a roadside bomb, officials say.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-22529417)

### Related:

1. [An Australian Special Air Service Regiment soldier Jason Brown, is killed in fighting the Taliban in northern Kandahar Province, Afghanistan. ](/news/2010/08/13/an-australian-special-air-service-regiment-soldier-jason-brown-is-killed-in-fighting-the-taliban-in-northern-kandahar-province-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kandahar Province, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
2. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). Battle of Boz Qandahari: Two United States military personnel, four Afghan Commandos, and 30 civilians are killed in clashes with the Taliban in Kunduz province, Afghanistan. ](/news/2016/11/3/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-battle-of-boz-qandahari-two-united-states-military-personnel-four-afghan-commandos-and-30-civilians.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban, United States military_
3. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present). The Afghan government claims that Taliban leader Mohammad Omar died in April 2013 in Pakistan of natural causes. ](/news/2015/07/29/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-the-afghan-government-claims-that-taliban-leader-mohammad-omar-died-in-april-2013-in-pakistan-of-natura.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
4. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present). Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl, previously the only United States military prisoner held captive in Afghanistan, is released in exchange for five Taliban prisoners held at Guantanamo Bay. ](/news/2014/05/31/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-sergeant-bowe-bergdahl-previously-the-only-united-states-military-prisoner-held-captive-in-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, United States military, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
5. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):. Taliban insurgents attack two checkpoints in the Kamdesh District in eastern Afghanistan killing four Afghan police officers ](/news/2013/06/2/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-taliban-insurgents-attack-two-checkpoints-in-the-kamdesh-district-in-eastern-afghanistan-killing-four.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
6. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):. Seven heavily armed Taliban militants launch a coordinated attack near the main international airport of the Afghan capital, Kabul, and seize a five-story building under construction nearby. Afghan security forces retake the building, killing all seven militants and sustaining no military or civilian casualties. ](/news/2013/06/10/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-seven-heavily-armed-taliban-militants-launch-a-coordinated-attack-near-the-main-international-airport.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
7. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):. At least 46 people are killed and more than 100 injured following an attack by Taliban militants armed with suicide vests on a courthouse in Farah, Afghanistan. ](/news/2013/04/3/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-at-least-46-people-are-killed-and-more-than-100-injured-following-an-attack-by-taliban-militants-armed.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
8. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):. The Taliban announces the start of their spring offensive, signaling plans to step up attacks as the weather warms across Afghanistan, making both travel and fighting easier. ](/news/2013/04/27/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-the-taliban-announces-the-start-of-their-spring-offensive-signaling-plans-to-step-up-attacks-as-the-w.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
9. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):. 11 people are kidnapped in Afghanistan after the helicopter they were in was forced to land. The Taliban takes responsibility for the abductions. ](/news/2013/04/22/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-11-people-are-kidnapped-in-afghanistan-after-the-helicopter-they-were-in-was-forced-to-land-the-talib.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
10. [President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai meets with Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani, the Emir of Qatar, to discuss plans for the Taliban to open an office in Doha in order to help solve the conflict in Afghanistan. ](/news/2013/03/31/president-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-meets-with-sheikh-hamad-bin-khalifa-al-thani-the-emir-of-qatar-to-discuss-plans-for-the-taliban-to-o.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
