### [2003-10-26](/news/2003/10/26/index.md)

#  Occupation of Iraq: The Al-Rashid Hotel in Baghdad where US deputy defense secretary Paul Wolfowitz was staying has been evacuated after several rockets were fired at it in the morning. one US Colonel was killed and fifteen individuals wounded (three seriously) in the attack. Two more explosions occurred near Al Rashid hotel later towards the evening. Further investigations confirm that Iraq had no active nuclear program, but did not relinquish nuclear ambitions or technical records.




### Related:

1. [ Occupation of Iraq: Suicide bombers in two vehicles killed 11 Iraqis and wounded 58 foreign troops and 44 Iraqis near the entrance to a Polish-manned coalition logistics base near the town of Hilla in central Iraq south of Baghdad. ](/news/2004/02/18/occupation-of-iraq-suicide-bombers-in-two-vehicles-killed-11-iraqis-and-wounded-58-foreign-troops-and-44-iraqis-near-the-entrance-to-a-pol.md) _Context: Baghdad, occupation of Iraq_
2. [ Occupation of Iraq: At least 47 people, mostly Iraqi army recruits, are killed by a car bomb in Baghdad in the second major bomb attack in two days.](/news/2004/02/11/occupation-of-iraq-at-least-47-people-mostly-iraqi-army-recruits-are-killed-by-a-car-bomb-in-baghdad-in-the-second-major-bomb-attack-in.md) _Context: Baghdad, occupation of Iraq_
3. [ Occupation of Iraq: A large car bomb explodes in the central Iraqi town of Iskandariya, 25 mi south of Baghdad, killing at least 50 people.](/news/2004/02/10/occupation-of-iraq-a-large-car-bomb-explodes-in-the-central-iraqi-town-of-iskandariya-25-mi-south-of-baghdad-killing-at-least-50-people.md) _Context: Baghdad, occupation of Iraq_
4. [ Occupation of Iraq: At around 8 am local time (5 am GMT) in Baghdad, Iraq, an insurgent suicide bomber driving a car filled with explosives blew himself up while attempting to enter "Assassin's Gate." Early reports said that about 18 people, including 16 Iraqi civilians and two United States Department of Defense workers were killed, while another 56 Iraqi civilians were wounded.](/news/2004/01/18/occupation-of-iraq-at-around-8-am-local-time-5-am-gmt-in-baghdad-iraq-an-insurgent-suicide-bomber-driving-a-car-filled-with-explosives.md) _Context: Baghdad, occupation of Iraq_
5. [ Occupation of Iraq: A fuel tanker explodes in downtown Baghdad, killing 10 and wounding 15. Initially believed to be caused by a bomb, officials later conclude that a traffic accident was responsible. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/3326499.stm]](/news/2003/12/17/occupation-of-iraq-a-fuel-tanker-explodes-in-downtown-baghdad-killing-10-and-wounding-15-initially-believed-to-be-caused-by-a-bomb-offi.md) _Context: Baghdad, occupation of Iraq_
6. [ Occupation of Iraq: Attacks consisting of six explosions, reportedly coordinated, occur (one in Kirkuk, five in Baghdad). The series of explosions in Baghdad, which may have come from mortar shells, is in an area that is home to several coalition headquarters buildings. The Kirkuk bomb blast northeast of Baghdad kills one Iraqi and wounds 15. The target of this explosion was the deputy governor of the northern Diyala province Aqil al-Hamid, who was in a convoy driving near the city of Baquba. He escapes uninjured. Also, another blast occurs near a holy Shiite Muslim shrine in the city of Karbala kills three people and injured 12.](/news/2003/11/3/occupation-of-iraq-attacks-consisting-of-six-explosions-reportedly-coordinated-occur-one-in-kirkuk-five-in-baghdad-the-series-of-exp.md) _Context: Baghdad, occupation of Iraq_
7. [ Occupation of Iraq: A team of eight Spanish intelligence agents is attacked south of Baghdad; seven are killed and one wounded. Two Japanese diplomats are killed near Tikrit. Two U.S. soldiers and a Colombian civilian contractor are killed in Baghdad.](/news/2003/11/29/occupation-of-iraq-a-team-of-eight-spanish-intelligence-agents-is-attacked-south-of-baghdad-seven-are-killed-and-one-wounded-two-japanes.md) _Context: Baghdad, occupation of Iraq_
8. [ Occupation of Iraq: Twin attacks in Baghdad killed a Spanish diplomat (by gunshot) and, in the other, at least ten people following an attack on a police station in Baghdad's main Shi'ite neighbourhood, exactly half a year since Coalition troops occupied the Iraqi city.](/news/2003/10/9/occupation-of-iraq-twin-attacks-in-baghdad-killed-a-spanish-diplomat-by-gunshot-and-in-the-other-at-least-ten-people-following-an-atta.md) _Context: Baghdad, occupation of Iraq_
9. [ Occupation of Iraq: The Turkish Parliament votes (358-to-183) to approve the dispatch of peacekeepers to Iraq, in a major victory for United States efforts to broaden foreign involvement in Iraq. In Baghdad, Iraqi Governing Council officials state that they would oppose any new foreign troop deployment to Iraq. No formal decision had been made by the Council and leaders of the council have stated they would support this if the United States requested this.](/news/2003/10/7/occupation-of-iraq-the-turkish-parliament-votes-358-to-183-to-approve-the-dispatch-of-peacekeepers-to-iraq-in-a-major-victory-for-unite.md) _Context: Baghdad, occupation of Iraq_
10. [ Occupation of Iraq: More than 40 people are killed and over 200 are injured in a wave of coordinated bomb attacks on the Red Cross compound and several local police stations in Baghdad. George W. Bush states that the bombings are a sign of desperation by the insurgents.](/news/2003/10/27/occupation-of-iraq-more-than-40-people-are-killed-and-over-200-are-injured-in-a-wave-of-coordinated-bomb-attacks-on-the-red-cross-compound.md) _Context: Baghdad, occupation of Iraq_
