### [2003-10-26](/news/2003/10/26/index.md)

#  Wildfires start to rage in Southern California. The scheduled NFL "Monday Night Football" game between the San Diego Chargers and Miami Dolphins is relocated from San Diego, California, to Tempe, Arizona, as a consequence of the fires.




### Related:

1. [ At least nine wildfires burn out of control in Southern California leading to the death of a San Diego man. ](/news/2007/10/21/at-least-nine-wildfires-burn-out-of-control-in-southern-california-leading-to-the-death-of-a-san-diego-man.md) _Context: San Diego, California, Southern California, Wildfire_
2. [Nevada prison authorities release former NFL player O. J. Simpson on parole after serving nine years for a 2007 Las Vegas armed robbery. Previously, a jury had acquitted Simpson of the 1995 murder of his ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson and her friend Ron Goldman. ](/news/2017/10/1/nevada-prison-authorities-release-former-nfl-player-o-j-simpson-on-parole-after-serving-nine-years-for-a-2007-las-vegas-armed-robbery-pre.md) _Context: NFL_
3. [Wildfires prompt the evacuation of 12,000 people along the French Riviera, while more than 4,000 firefighters and French Armed Forces personnel backed by 19 water-bomber planes are mobilised to extinguish the flames. ](/news/2017/07/26/wildfires-prompt-the-evacuation-of-12-000-people-along-the-french-riviera-while-more-than-4-000-firefighters-and-french-armed-forces-person.md) _Context: Wildfire_
4. [Firefighters battle wildfires across southern France, including one in Corsica. ](/news/2017/07/25/firefighters-battle-wildfires-across-southern-france-including-one-in-corsica.md) _Context: Wildfire_
5. [Severe storms, from the weather system that hit Southern California Friday, reach southwest Texas injuring several people and damaging at least 100 homes with one confirmed tornado in San Antonio. Heavy rains continue today with flash floods likely as the storm moves to eastern Texas and southern Louisiana. ](/news/2017/02/20/severe-storms-from-the-weather-system-that-hit-southern-california-friday-reach-southwest-texas-injuring-several-people-and-damaging-at-le.md) _Context: Southern California_
6. [At least three deaths and several injuries caused by wildfires in Tennessee are reported near Dolly Parton's Dollywood resort. ](/news/2016/11/30/at-least-three-deaths-and-several-injuries-caused-by-wildfires-in-tennessee-are-reported-near-dolly-parton-s-dollywood-resort.md) _Context: Wildfire_
7. [A raging wildfire destroys dozens of homes and prompts the evacuation of more than 400 people from Portugal's Madeira island as flames spread near the island's capital, Funchal. Regional President Miguel Albuquerque says one person had suffered serious burns and scores of others had needed treatment for the effects of smoke. Flights have also been disrupted at Madeira Airport due to smoke. ](/news/2016/08/9/a-raging-wildfire-destroys-dozens-of-homes-and-prompts-the-evacuation-of-more-than-400-people-from-portugal-s-madeira-island-as-flames-sprea.md) _Context: Wildfire_
8. [Firefighters have contained about 80 percent of the 516-acre brush fire in Calabasas, California. Evacuation orders affecting at least 5,000 people in the Los Angeles area are being lifted. The fire started yesterday when a pickup truck struck a power pole. ](/news/2016/06/5/firefighters-have-contained-about-80-percent-of-the-516-acre-brush-fire-in-calabasas-california-evacuation-orders-affecting-at-least-5-000.md) _Context: Wildfire_
9. [A massive wildfire destroys at least 150 homes and leaves two people dead in Kern County, California. The Governor of California Jerry Brown declares a state of emergency for Kern County as more homes are threatened by the fire. ](/news/2016/06/25/a-massive-wildfire-destroys-at-least-150-homes-and-leaves-two-people-dead-in-kern-county-california-the-governor-of-california-jerry-brown.md) _Context: Wildfire_
10. [A wildfire in Santa Barbara County, California doubles in size overnight to 4,000 acres. The Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Office says mandatory evacuations remain in effect for areas such as El Capitan State Beach. The blaze was currently 5% contained, according to Los Padres National Forest officials. ](/news/2016/06/17/a-wildfire-in-santa-barbara-county-california-doubles-in-size-overnight-to-4-000-acres-the-santa-barbara-county-sheriff-s-office-says-mand.md) _Context: Wildfire_
