### [2016-12-19](/news/2016/12/19/index.md)

# Amidst a concerted effort to persuade electors to choose another candidate, Donald Trump earns the required Electoral College votes to be selected as the next President of the United States. 

The number of faithless votes were the most-ever cast in a single presidential election.


### Source:

1. [Politico](http://www.politico.com/story/2016/12/electoral-college-electors-232836)
2. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/19/us/politics/electoral-college-vote.html)

### Related:

1. [United States President Donald Trump announces that he intends to seek an investigation into possible voter fraud from last year's election. ](/news/2017/01/25/united-states-president-donald-trump-announces-that-he-intends-to-seek-an-investigation-into-possible-voter-fraud-from-last-year-s-election.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Donald Trump, U.S. President_
2. [The 2016 Republican National Convention gets underway in Cleveland, Ohio. With the day's theme being national and local security, notable speakers include reality television star Willie Robertson, actor Scott Baio, former Governor of Texas Rick Perry, former Mayor of New York City Rudy Giuliani, Milwaukee County sheriff David Clarke, retired United States Army lieutenant general Michael T. Flynn and Melania Trump, wife of presumptive Republican nominee for President of the United States Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/07/18/the-2016-republican-national-convention-gets-underway-in-cleveland-ohio-with-the-day-s-theme-being-national-and-local-security-notable-sp.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Donald Trump, U.S. President_
3. [Former Governor of Alaska, vice presidential candidate (2008), and Tea Party activist Sarah Palin endorses Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump for President of the United States. ](/news/2016/01/19/former-governor-of-alaska-vice-presidential-candidate-2008-and-tea-party-activist-sarah-palin-endorses-republican-party-presidential-can.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Donald Trump, U.S. President_
4. [U.S. President Donald Trump's lawyers tell a federal court, in a case alleging negligence and incitement to riot during a 2016 campaign rally in Louisville, Kentucky, that he is "immune from suit because he is President of the United States." A lawyer for the plaintiffs responds that, in ''Clinton v. Jones'', the Supreme Court found the president could be sued for events that occurred before he took office. ](/news/2017/04/15/u-s-president-donald-trump-s-lawyers-tell-a-federal-court-in-a-case-alleging-negligence-and-incitement-to-riot-during-a-2016-campaign-rall.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. President_
5. [In an interview, U.S. President Donald Trump says the U.S. dollar is "getting too strong" and wants to keep interest rates low, causing the U.S. Dollar Index to fall. ](/news/2017/04/12/in-an-interview-u-s-president-donald-trump-says-the-u-s-dollar-is-getting-too-strong-and-wants-to-keep-interest-rates-low-causing-the.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. President_
6. [U.S. President Donald Trump accuses former President Barack Obama of wiretapping Trump Tower the month before the 2016 presidential election but offers no evidence to support his claim. A spokesman for President Obama rejects these claims. ](/news/2017/03/4/u-s-president-donald-trump-accuses-former-president-barack-obama-of-wiretapping-trump-tower-the-month-before-the-2016-presidential-election.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Donald Trump_
7. [Donald Trump, the President of the United States, agrees to continue the One China Policy after a discussion with Chinese President Xi Jinping. ](/news/2017/02/9/donald-trump-the-president-of-the-united-states-agrees-to-continue-the-one-china-policy-after-a-discussion-with-chinese-president-xi-jinpi.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. President_
8. [U.S. President Donald Trump and Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, in a telephone call,  discuss strengthening the two countries' strategic partnership with particular attention to the conflict in the Donbass, a Ukrainian region that borders Russia. ](/news/2017/02/4/u-s-president-donald-trump-and-ukrainian-president-petro-poroshenko-in-a-telephone-call-discuss-strengthening-the-two-countries-strateg.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. President_
9. [President Donald Trump names United States Army Lt. General H. R. McMaster as National Security Advisor and says that U.S. Lt. Gen. Keith Kellogg, who has been the acting NSA, will remain as the NSC's Chief of Staff. ](/news/2017/02/20/president-donald-trump-names-united-states-army-lt-general-h-r-mcmaster-as-national-security-advisor-and-says-that-u-s-lt-gen-keith-ke.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. President_
10. [Venezuela's Supreme Tribunal of Justice upholds the 13-year, 9-month-plus prison term of Popular Will party founder Leopoldo  Lopez  for  inciting  violence, via "subliminal messages,"  at  the   2014 anti-government protests where 43 people were killed.  Yesterday, United States President Donald Trump  met with Lopez's wife, Lilian Tintori, and called on Venezuela to release Lopez immediately.   ](/news/2017/02/16/venezuela-s-supreme-tribunal-of-justice-upholds-the-13-year-9-month-plus-prison-term-of-popular-will-party-founder-leopoldo-la3pez-for-i.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. President_
