### [2016-12-19](/news/2016/12/19/index.md)

# The Russian ambassador to Turkey Andrei Karlov is killed in a gun attack at an art gallery in Ankara. Russia calls the assassin, 22-year old police officer, Mevlut Mert Altintas, a "terrorist". Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu goes to Moscow for a planned trilateral meeting on Syria, saying "the incident will not impact relations between Turkey and Russia". 

Iran has closed all of its consulates across Turkey on Tuesday, the Iranian embassy in Ankara said.


### Source:

1. [Daily Mirror UK](http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/world-news/russian-ambassador-turkey-seriously-injured-9485836)
2. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/19/world/europe/russia-ambassador-shot-ankara-turkey-report.html?emc=edit_na_20161219&nlid=66213151&ref=cta&mtrref=undefined&gwh=74A8E94235139A73843132F7D50EDAF4&gwt=pay)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-turkey-russia-diplomacy-idUSKBN1481RE)
4. [Sputnik](https://sputniknews.com/middleeast/201612201048770286-iran-closes-consulates-turkey/)

### Related:

1. [Six people are arrested in Ankara for alleged involvement in the murder of Andrei Karlov, the Russian ambassador to Turkey. ](/news/2016/12/20/six-people-are-arrested-in-ankara-for-alleged-involvement-in-the-murder-of-andrei-karlov-the-russian-ambassador-to-turkey.md) _Context: Andrei Karlov, Ankara, Assassination of Andrei Karlov, Russia, Turkey_
2. [Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu says Turkey's cooperation with Russia in combating the Islamic State in Syria does not include Russia's use of its Incirlik Air Base, which some have interpreted from his comments yesterday. ](/news/2016/07/4/turkish-foreign-minister-mevla1-4t-aavuaoalu-says-turkey-s-cooperation-with-russia-in-combating-the-islamic-state-in-syria-does-not-include.md) _Context: Mevlut Cavusoglu, Russia, Syria, Turkey, relations between Turkey and Russia_
3. [Turkey's Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu accuses Russia of provoking military gestures as a sailor aboard a Russian naval vessel wielded a rocket launcher as the ship passed through the Bosphorous Strait in the wake of Russia's imposing sanctions on Turkey for that country's downing of a Russian aircraft ](/news/2015/12/7/turkeyas-foreign-minister-mevla1-4t-aavuaoalu-accuses-russia-of-provoking-military-gestures-as-a-sailor-aboard-a-russian-naval-vessel-wie.md) _Context: Mevlut Cavusoglu, Russia, Turkey, relations between Turkey and Russia_
4. [Turkey's president Recep Tayyip Erdogan warns Russia not to "play with fire" and says Russia is supporting the "state terrorism" of the Bashar al-Assad regime in Syria that has "killed 380,000 people". Relations between the former Cold War antagonists have been severely damaged after Turkey shot down a Russian Sukhoi Su-24 near the Syria-Turkey border on November 24, 2015. ](/news/2015/11/27/turkey-s-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-warns-russia-not-to-play-with-fire-and-says-russia-is-supporting-the-state-terrorism-of-the-bas.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Turkey, relations between Turkey and Russia_
5. [Turkey says investigators found Russian-made ammunition and military communications equipment in a Syrian passenger plane heading to Damascus from Moscow. Syria accuses Turkey of aircraft piracy, says the plane did not carry the alleged equipment and challenges Turkey to show evidence. ](/news/2012/10/11/turkey-says-investigators-found-russian-made-ammunition-and-military-communications-equipment-in-a-syrian-passenger-plane-heading-to-damascu.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia, Syria, Turkey_
6. [Russia and Turkey sign a $20 billion deal permitting Moscow to build and own a controlling stake in Ankara's first nuclear power plant. ](/news/2010/05/12/russia-and-turkey-sign-a-20-billion-deal-permitting-moscow-to-build-and-own-a-controlling-stake-in-ankara-s-first-nuclear-power-plant.md) _Context: Ankara, Moscow, Russia, Turkey_
7. [The United Nations Security Council unanimously votes in favor of the Russian and Turkey-backed ceasefire currently in effect in Syria. ](/news/2017/01/1/the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-votes-in-favor-of-the-russian-and-turkey-backed-ceasefire-currently-in-effect-in-syria.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Turkey_
8. [Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ceasefire-is-said-to.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Turkey_
9. [Saudi Arabia is sending troops and fighter jets to Turkey's Incirlik Air Base ahead of a planned ground invasion of Syria. Turkey's Minister of Foreign Affairs Mevlut Cavusoglu confirmed the deployment in Adana near the Syria-Turkey border, but said the numbers had not been confirmed. ](/news/2016/02/13/saudi-arabia-is-sending-troops-and-fighter-jets-to-turkey-s-incirlik-air-base-ahead-of-a-planned-ground-invasion-of-syria-turkey-s-minister.md) _Context: Mevlut Cavusoglu, Syria, Turkey_
10. [A Russian warship fires warning shots at a Turkish vessel in the Aegean Sea to "avoid a collision", according to the Russian Defence Ministry. ](/news/2015/12/13/a-russian-warship-fires-warning-shots-at-a-turkish-vessel-in-the-aegean-sea-to-avoid-a-collision-according-to-the-russian-defence-ministr.md) _Context: Russia, Turkey, relations between Turkey and Russia_
