### [2005-12-13](/news/2005/12/13/index.md)

#  North America: The Canadian provinces, Ontario and Quebec and the US states Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin sign an international agreement to preclude significant water diversion from the Great Lakes. 




### Source:

1. [Toronto Star](http://www.thestar.com/NASApp/cs/ContentServer?pagename=thestar/Layout/Article_Type1&c=Article&cid=1134515413496&call_pageid=968332188774&col=968350116467)

### Related:

1. [The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-expands-beyond-ohio-with-the.md) _Context: Indiana, Michigan, New York State, Ohio, Pennsylvania_
2. [Lake effect snow pummels areas around the Great Lake states, including New York, Pennsylvania, Michigan, Wisconsin and Ohio, stranding hundreds of vehicles and causing Erie County, New York, to declare a state of emergency. ](/news/2014/11/18/lake-effect-snow-pummels-areas-around-the-great-lake-states-including-new-york-pennsylvania-michigan-wisconsin-and-ohio-stranding-hundr.md) _Context: Michigan, New York State, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin_
3. [A heavy blizzard in the midwestern US states of Minnesota, Wisconsin, Iowa, Illinois and Michigan dropping about three feet of snow results in two deaths, road closures, flight cancellations and the inflatable roof of the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome in Minneapolis, Minnesota, collapsing. ](/news/2010/12/12/a-heavy-blizzard-in-the-midwestern-us-states-of-minnesota-wisconsin-iowa-illinois-and-michigan-dropping-about-three-feet-of-snow-results.md) _Context: Illinois, Michigan, Minnesota, Wisconsin_
4. [The campaign of Republican president-elect Donald Trump has called the planned recounts by Green nominee Jill Stein's campaign in Wisconsin, Pennsylvania and Michigan a "scam" and has criticized the participation of the campaign of Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton. ](/news/2016/11/27/the-campaign-of-republican-presidentaelect-donald-trump-has-called-the-planned-recounts-by-green-nominee-jill-stein-s-campaign-in-wisconsi.md) _Context: Michigan, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin_
5. [The Clinton campaign announces it will participate in efforts to push for recounts by Jill Stein's campaign in Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin. ](/news/2016/11/26/the-clinton-campaign-announces-it-will-participate-in-efforts-to-push-for-recounts-by-jill-stein-s-campaign-in-michigan-pennsylvania-and-wi.md) _Context: Michigan, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin_
6. [Jill Stein's campaign to hold recounts in Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin receives grassroots support, having crowdfunded millions of dollars through private donations. ](/news/2016/11/25/jill-stein-s-campaign-to-hold-recounts-in-michigan-pennsylvania-and-wisconsin-receives-grassroots-support-having-crowdfunded-millions-of.md) _Context: Michigan, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin_
7. [Former Presidential Green Party candidate Jill Stein is seeking donations for recount efforts in Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin. ](/news/2016/11/24/former-presidential-green-party-candidate-jill-stein-is-seeking-donations-for-recount-efforts-in-michigan-pennsylvania-and-wisconsin.md) _Context: Michigan, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin_
8. [United States Federal agents are combing three states for 32 cases of commercial grade explosives, about 500 pounds of 21/2 to 5 inch  aerial shells, stolen from a  CSX train traveling from Chicago, Illinois, through Ohio that arrived in Detroit, Michigan,  on Wednesday. ](/news/2016/04/23/united-states-federal-agents-are-combing-three-states-for-32-cases-of-commercial-grade-explosives-about-500-pounds-of-2a1-2-to-5-inch-aerial.md) _Context: Illinois, Michigan, Ohio_
9. [Following the issuance of a rare High Risk for severe weather (only the fifth documented such case in November and also extending to areas further north than any previous known high risk issued in the November through February timeframe), several midwestern states in the United States are placed under multiple tornado watches, with multiple tornadoes touching down, causing at least four deaths and up to 50 injured in the area; one leveled parts of a suburb of Peoria, Illinois. Around six dozen tornadoes occur in total with activity most concentrated in Illinois and Indiana but extending from Tennessee to Michigan. '](/news/2013/11/17/following-the-issuance-of-a-rare-high-risk-for-severe-weather-only-the-fifth-documented-such-case-in-november-and-also-extending-to-areas-f.md) _Context: Illinois, Indiana, Michigan_
10. [In three states--Wisconsin, Minnesota (where an elderly person's death was reported), and Illinois--in the United States, Whole Foods Market Inc. is recalling three types of the Crave Brothers (based in Waterloo, Wisconsin) Les Freres cheese, sold in 30 states and in Washington, D.C., due to concerns that it may be contaminated with ''Listeria monocytogenes'', which causes listeriosis, dangerous especially to the immunocompromised and pregnant women. ](/news/2013/07/5/in-three-statesawisconsin-minnesota-where-an-elderly-person-s-death-was-reported-and-illinoisain-the-united-states-whole-foods-mark.md) _Context: Illinois, Minnesota, Wisconsin_
