### [2015-09-14](/news/2015/09/14/index.md)

# Five Saudi troops are killed following clashes with Houthi militants in the southern Najran region near the border with Yemen. 

Five Saudi soldiers have died on the border with Yemen, the Saudi-led coalition said late on Sunday as forces inside Yemen began a major offensive against rebels. A coalition statement did not say how the army soldier and four Border Guard troops died in the kingdom&#x27;s southern Najran region. The


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/2015/09/14/yemen-security-idINL5N11K2XZ20150914)
2. [AFP via Yahoo!](http://news.yahoo.com/five-saudi-troops-die-yemen-border-coalition-223835915.html)
3. [AP via Yahoo!](http://news.yahoo.com/5-saudi-soldiers-killed-while-helicopter-crash-kills-081727248.html)

### Related:

1. [Two senior army commanders from Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are killed, including the head of the Saudi Special forces in Yemen, Colonel Abdullah al-Sahyan, along with dozens of Saudi, Emirati, Sudanese and Yemeni coalition troops in a OTR-21 Tochka missile attack by Houthi forces on their base near the city of Taiz in southwestern Yemen. ](/news/2015/12/14/two-senior-army-commanders-from-saudi-arabia-and-the-united-arab-emirates-are-killed-including-the-head-of-the-saudi-special-forces-in-yeme.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia, Saudi-led coalition, Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
2. [A Saudi-led coalition spokesman announces they have exchanged prisoners with their  Houthi opponents and "welcome a pause in the  combat on the border."   Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir said  the lull was important to deliver aid and medical supplies to people in northern regions of Yemen.  Yesterday, a Houthi delegation  was in Saudi Arabia for talks to end the war.  Al-Jubeir and his Yemeni counterpart noted  formal negotiations to end the fighting can  only take place under the auspices of the United Nations. ](/news/2016/03/9/a-saudi-led-coalition-spokesman-announces-they-have-exchanged-prisoners-with-their-houthi-opponents-and-welcome-a-pause-in-the-combat-on.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia, Saudi-led coalition, Yemen_
3. [Saudi-led coalition airstrikes, targeting Houthi rebels battling pro-government fighters, killed and wounded dozens in the port city of Mocha, according to Yemeni security officials. Around 35 fighters on both sides were killed in the battle over a key military base near the city of Taiz. ](/news/2015/12/8/saudi-led-coalition-airstrikes-targeting-houthi-rebels-battling-pro-government-fighters-killed-and-wounded-dozens-in-the-port-city-of-moch.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi-led coalition, Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
4. [Two ballistic missiles are fired from Yemen at Saudi Arabia, one of which is intercepted by the kingdom's air defences, while the other missile lands near the city of Najran, according to a coalition statement on Saudi state media. No casualties have been reported. ](/news/2015/12/18/two-ballistic-missiles-are-fired-from-yemen-at-saudi-arabia-one-of-which-is-intercepted-by-the-kingdom-s-air-defences-while-the-other-miss.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi-led coalition, Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
5. [A major push by Yemen-based Houthi forces into the kingdom's southern Najran Region kills dozens of Houthi fighters. The Houthi-run Saba News Agency says that Houthi fighters have seized three Saudi military outposts near the city of Najran, destroying several armored vehicles, including two U.S.-made M1 Abrams tanks and three Bradley vehicles. ](/news/2015/12/1/a-major-push-by-yemen-based-houthi-forces-into-the-kingdom-s-southern-najran-region-kills-dozens-of-houthi-fighters-the-houthi-run-saba-new.md) _Context: Houthi, Najran Region, Saudi-led coalition, Yemen_
6. [Houthi forces regain several positions across southern Yemen after launching a fresh offensive against loyalist and coalition forces. In Lahij province, which borders Aden, Houthi forces are now positioned on a hill overlooking the strategic Al Anad Air Base, which houses Sudanese forces. The Houthis also retook the Damt District in the Dhale province after besieging it for hours, at least 16 people were killed in the clashes. ](/news/2015/11/8/houthi-forces-regain-several-positions-across-southern-yemen-after-launching-a-fresh-offensive-against-loyalist-and-coalition-forces-in-lah.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi-led coalition, Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
7. [Yemeni security officials, who are neutral in the conflict, say Saudi-led airstrikes and clashes have killed over 40 Houthi militants and 4 civilians over the past 24 hours, with most of the airstrikes taking place in the southwestern Ibb Governorate. ](/news/2015/11/16/yemeni-security-officials-who-are-neutral-in-the-conflict-say-saudi-led-airstrikes-and-clashes-have-killed-over-40-houthi-militants-and-4.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia, Saudi-led coalition, Yemen_
8. [Saudi-led airstrikes kill at least 30 people and wound 25 others in the  southwestern Yemeni town of Sanabani at a wedding hosted by a tribal leader known to support the Houthis. ](/news/2015/10/7/saudi-led-airstrikes-kill-at-least-30-people-and-wound-25-others-in-the-southwestern-yemeni-town-of-sanabani-at-a-wedding-hosted-by-a-triba.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia, Saudi-led coalition, Yemen_
9. [A hotel where Vice President of Yemen and Prime Minister Khaled Bahah was staying in Aden which was also being used as a de facto military base by Arab coalition forces is hit by multiple explosions killing at least 15 coalition soldiers. Although the Houthis were first suspected and accused of being behind the attack, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant has since claimed responsibility, marking the first attack on Arab coalition forces in Yemen by the extremist group. ](/news/2015/10/6/a-hotel-where-vice-president-of-yemen-and-prime-minister-khaled-bahah-was-staying-in-aden-which-was-also-being-used-as-a-de-facto-military-b.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi-led coalition, Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
10. [At least 40 people, including several fishermen, are reportedly killed following Saudi-led coalition airstrikes on two islands off Yemen's Red Sea coast. Local fisherman reported coalition aircraft and warships struck the Aqban and Kadman islands targeting Houthi forces but also destroyed several boats killing local fishermen. ](/news/2015/10/24/at-least-40-people-including-several-fishermen-are-reportedly-killed-following-saudi-led-coalition-airstrikes-on-two-islands-off-yemen-s-r.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia, Saudi-led coalition, Yemen_
