### [2015-09-14](/news/2015/09/14/index.md)

# Germany reopens train services from Austria after reintroducing border controls. 

Rail services have resumed between Austria and Germany after all trains were stopped overnight. Berlin has reintroduced border controls to stem the tide of thousands of refugees streaming across its frontier.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/aponline/2015/09/14/world/europe/ap-eu-europe-migrants-the-latest.html)
2. [Deutsche Welle](http://www.dw.com/en/train-service-resumes-between-austria-and-germany-reimposed-border-controls-cause-traffic-chaos/a-18712392)

### Related:

1. [Austria plans to deploy soldiers on its border with Italy to stem an expected increase in migrants trying to get to northern Europe, according to Austrian Defence Minister Hans Peter Doskozil. "As the EU's external borders are not yet effectively protected, Austria will soon ramp up strict border controls. That means massive border controls on the Brenner Pass, and with soldiers," Doskozil told German daily newspaper ''Die Welt''. ](/news/2016/04/2/austria-plans-to-deploy-soldiers-on-its-border-with-italy-to-stem-an-expected-increase-in-migrants-trying-to-get-to-northern-europe-accordi.md) _Context: Austria, European migrant crisis, German_
2. [Austria is to deploy its army on its borders with Germany and Slovenia in the wake of surging numbers of migrants entering the Central European country. ](/news/2016/01/16/austria-is-to-deploy-its-army-on-its-borders-with-germany-and-slovenia-in-the-wake-of-surging-numbers-of-migrants-entering-the-central-europ.md) _Context: Austria, European migrant crisis, German_
3. [The southern German state of Bavaria threatens to take the Federal German government to court if it fails to take immediate steps to limit the flow of migrants to Germany. Over 200,000 migrants are estimated to have entered Germany since the beginning of September, the vast majority over the Austrian border into Bavaria. ](/news/2015/10/9/the-southern-german-state-of-bavaria-threatens-to-take-the-federal-german-government-to-court-if-it-fails-to-take-immediate-steps-to-limit-t.md) _Context: Austria, European migrant crisis, German_
4. [The German state of Bavaria plans "emergency measures" in response to the migrant crisis, including deporting migrants back to Austria and closing the border. An estimated 225,000 migrants have arrived in the southern German state in less than five weeks. ](/news/2015/10/8/the-german-state-of-bavaria-plans-emergency-measures-in-response-to-the-migrant-crisis-including-deporting-migrants-back-to-austria-and-c.md) _Context: Austria, European migrant crisis, German_
5. [Following Austria's and Germany's decision to waive their asylum system rules, approximately 6,500 migrants - mostly  from Syria, Iraq, and Afghanistan - arrive in Vienna. They traveled from Hungary by bus, train or on foot. The migrants were given the opportunity to register in Austria or move on to Germany. ](/news/2015/09/5/following-austria-s-and-germany-s-decision-to-waive-their-asylum-system-rules-approximately-6-500-migrants-a-mostly-from-syria-iraq-an.md) _Context: Austria, European migrant crisis, German_
6. [Germany reintroduces emergency controls on its border with Austria. ](/news/2015/09/13/germany-reintroduces-emergency-controls-on-its-border-with-austria.md) _Context: Austria, European migrant crisis, German_
7. [Germany announces plans to start deporting newly-arrived migrants to Greece starting in March. According to EU's Dublin Regulation, asylum seekers must file for asylum in the member state they arrived in. ](/news/2017/01/12/germany-announces-plans-to-start-deporting-newly-arrived-migrants-to-greece-starting-in-march-according-to-eu-s-dublin-regulation-asylum-s.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, German_
8. [German Chancellor Angela Merkel defends her stance regarding the European migrant crisis despite her party losing in the key election. ](/news/2016/09/6/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-defends-her-stance-regarding-the-european-migrant-crisis-despite-her-party-losing-in-the-key-election.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, German_
9. [Czech Minister of the Interior Milan Chovanec says that authorities in Prague will send a group of 25 Iraqi Christians back to Iraq after they tried to move to Germany rather than staying in the Czech Republic. The refugees were on their way to Germany via bus before being stopped at the border. Czech authorities agreed to a request by the German police to take the people back. Chovanec said the 25 Iraqis abused Czech generosity and should go back to Iraq within seven days. ](/news/2016/04/3/czech-minister-of-the-interior-milan-chovanec-says-that-authorities-in-prague-will-send-a-group-of-25-iraqi-christians-back-to-iraq-after-th.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, German_
10. [The government of Austria passes a new law that restricts the right of asylum in the country and allows claimants to be rejected directly at the border, a move criticized by rights groups. Officials say they are also considering building a fence at the main border crossing with Italy at the Brenner Pass. ](/news/2016/04/27/the-government-of-austria-passes-a-new-law-that-restricts-the-right-of-asylum-in-the-country-and-allows-claimants-to-be-rejected-directly-at.md) _Context: Austria, European migrant crisis_
