### [2015-09-14](/news/2015/09/14/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War. Russia's role in the Syrian Civil War. United States Department of Defense says that Russia has deployed armoured vehicles and troops to Syria in what has been described as the "first clear sign of offensive weapons arriving in Syria" and "the largest deployment of Russian forces outside the former Soviet Union since the collapse of the USSR". 




### Source:

1. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2015/09/14/russia-shipping-tanks-into-syria-in-first-clear-sign-offensive-weapons/)

### Related:

1. [2016 Russian Defence Ministry Tupolev Tu-154 crash. A Russian Tu-154 military passenger airplane carrying 92 people including the Alexandrov Ensemble crashes into the Black Sea shortly after takeoff from Sochi. The airplane was headed towards Khmeimim, Syria. The Russian Armed Forces are actively involved in the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2016/12/25/2016-russian-defence-ministry-tupolev-tu-154-crash-a-russian-tu-154-military-passenger-airplane-carrying-92-people-including-the-alexandrov.md) _Context: Russia, Russian Armed Forces, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Syrian Civil War. The United States and Russia sign an agreement designed to avoid conflict between both countries' warplanes in Syria. The Pentagon said the agreement will remain secret; a hotline will enable both countries to directly communicate. ](/news/2015/10/20/syrian-civil-war-the-united-states-and-russia-sign-an-agreement-designed-to-avoid-conflict-between-both-countries-warplanes-in-syria-the.md) _Context: Pentagon officials, Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Russia's role in the Syrian Civil War. Russian President Vladimir Putin confirms that Russia is providing military aid in Syrian Civil War in support of the Bashar al-Assad regime and is providing heavy weapons, aircraft, tanks, serious training and logistical support to the Syrian Army. ](/news/2015/09/4/russia-s-role-in-the-syrian-civil-war-russian-president-vladimir-putin-confirms-that-russia-is-providing-military-aid-in-syrian-civil-war-i.md) _Context: Russia, Russia's role in the Syrian Civil War, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian Civil War. The Russian air force bombards the city of Madan and Zor Shamr Camp, south and east of Raqqa, Syria, with cluster bombs, killing six civilians and wounding 19 others. Nearby Alburamadan town was also struck; there are no reports of casualties. ](/news/2017/07/23/syrian-civil-war-the-russian-air-force-bombards-the-city-of-madan-and-zor-shamr-camp-south-and-east-of-raqqa-syria-with-cluster-bombs-k.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Syrian Civil War. Military intervention against ISIL. The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/syrian-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian Civil War. After yesterday's downing of a Syrian Su-22 jet, Russia shuts down a deconfliction channel and says it will follow any aircraft west of the Euphrates as a target. ](/news/2017/06/19/syrian-civil-war-after-yesterday-s-downing-of-a-syrian-su-22-jet-russia-shuts-down-a-deconfliction-channel-and-says-it-will-follow-any-air.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
7. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian Civil War. Battle of al-Bab. At least three soldiers of the Turkish Armed Forces are accidentally killed by a Russian airstrike near al-Bab in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/02/9/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-al-bab-at-least-three-soldiers-of-the-turkish-armed-forces-are-accidentally-killed-by-a-russian-airstrike-near.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian Civil War. The United Nations Security Council unanimously votes in favor of the Russian and Turkey-backed ceasefire currently in effect in Syria. ](/news/2017/01/1/syrian-civil-war-the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-votes-in-favor-of-the-russian-and-turkey-backed-ceasefire-currently-in-eff.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian Civil War. Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/syrian-civil-war-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ce.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
