### [2015-09-14](/news/2015/09/14/index.md)

# Takeshi Onaga, the governor of the Japanese prefecture of Okinawa, revokes approval for work on the US Marine Corps Air Station Futenma. 

TOKYO (AFP) - The governor of Okinawa said on Monday (Sept 14) that he will revoke approval for work on a US air base in southern Japan, in the latest setback to the controversial plan.. Read more at straitstimes.com.


### Source:

1. [AFP via ''Straits Times](http://www.straitstimes.com/asia/east-asia/okinawa-to-revoke-approval-for-controversial-us-base-again)

### Related:

1. [Voters in Okinawa, Japan, go to the polls to elect the members of the next Okinawa Prefectural Assembly. The election results give the camp supporting Governor Takeshi Onaga a clear majority in the assembly. Onaga is opposed to the central government's plan to relocate MCAS Futenma to Henoko Bay in Nago. ](/news/2016/06/5/voters-in-okinawa-japan-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-the-members-of-the-next-okinawa-prefectural-assembly-the-election-results-give-the-camp.md) _Context: Takeshi Onaga, relocate MCAS Futenma to Henoko Bay in Nago_
2. [Hearings begin in the legal battle between the Japanese government and local officials in Okinawa over plans to move a U.S. military air base on the southern island. This fall, Okinawa Governor Takeshi Onaga revoked his predecessor's authorization for a US Marine Corps air base. ](/news/2015/12/2/hearings-begin-in-the-legal-battle-between-the-japanese-government-and-local-officials-in-okinawa-over-plans-to-move-a-u-s-military-air-bas.md) _Context: Okinawa, Takeshi Onaga_
3. [Okinawa Governor Takeshi Onaga says he "cannot comply with the recommendation" from Tokyo's Land Minister Keiichi Ishii, and will not retract his revocation of a U.S. military base relocation permit. ](/news/2015/11/6/okinawa-governor-takeshi-onaga-says-he-cannot-comply-with-the-recommendation-from-tokyo-s-land-minister-keiichi-ishii-and-will-not-retrac.md) _Context: Okinawa, Takeshi Onaga_
4. [The Japanese government officially sues the governor of Okinawa, Takeshi Onaga, over his denial of permits to allow work to begin on the Relocation of Marine Corps Air Station Futenma. ](/news/2015/11/17/the-japanese-government-officially-sues-the-governor-of-okinawa-takeshi-onaga-over-his-denial-of-permits-to-allow-work-to-begin-on-the-rel.md) _Context: Takeshi Onaga, relocate MCAS Futenma to Henoko Bay in Nago_
5. [The Governor of the Japanese prefecture of Okinawa, Takeshi Onaga, revokes permission given by a predecessor for landfill work to replace a United States Marine Corps base. ](/news/2015/10/13/the-governor-of-the-japanese-prefecture-of-okinawa-takeshi-onaga-revokes-permission-given-by-a-predecessor-for-landfill-work-to-replace-a.md) _Context: Takeshi Onaga, relocate MCAS Futenma to Henoko Bay in Nago_
6. [ The United States military says it will shortly return 4,000 hectares  of its Okinawa military installation, 17 percent of the area it controls, to the Japanese government. ](/news/2016/07/29/the-united-states-military-says-it-will-shortly-return-4-000-hectares-of-its-okinawa-military-installation-17-percent-of-the-area-it-cont.md) _Context: Okinawa_
7. [Over 50,000 people protest in Okinawa capital Naha against U.S. military presence on the Japanese island, spurred on by last month's arrest of an U.S. Marine veteran, civilian contractor for  the rape and killing of a 20-year-old local woman. ](/news/2016/06/19/over-50-000-people-protest-in-okinawa-capital-naha-against-u-s-military-presence-on-the-japanese-island-spurred-on-by-last-month-s-arrest.md) _Context: Okinawa_
8. [Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe agrees  to suspend work to expand the U.S. military base on Okinawa Island. Abe says his government will follow the court recommendation and settle several lawsuits over landfill work  carried out to prepare for new runways. ](/news/2016/03/4/japanese-prime-minister-shinza-abe-agrees-to-suspend-work-to-expand-the-u-s-military-base-on-okinawa-island-abe-says-his-government-will.md) _Context: relocate MCAS Futenma to Henoko Bay in Nago_
9. [ The Government of Japan invalidates a decision by Takeshi Onaga, governor of Okinawa, to halt the expansion of a U.S. military base on the island. ](/news/2015/10/28/the-government-of-japan-invalidates-a-decision-by-takeshi-onaga-governor-of-okinawa-to-halt-the-expansion-of-a-u-s-military-base-on-the.md) _Context: Takeshi Onaga_
10. [Okinawa prefecture's Gov. Hirokazu Nakaima has approved a measure to allow for the relocation of a controversial U.S. military base on Okinawa, breaking 17 years of stagnation on the base's transfer plan. ](/news/2013/12/27/okinawa-prefecture-s-gov-hirokazu-nakaima-has-approved-a-measure-to-allow-for-the-relocation-of-a-controversial-u-s-military-base-on-okina.md) _Context: Okinawa_
