### [2015-09-14](/news/2015/09/14/index.md)

# The U.S. Preventive Services Task Force issues a recommendation stating that, in consultation with their doctor and pharmacist, and provided the risk of gastrointestinal bleeding and the very rare risk of certain hemorrhagic strokes do not outweigh the benefits in individual cases, that people aged 50 to 70 (especially those aged 50-60 and with a 10 percent risk or higher of cardiovascular disease, or CVD; mindful that the risk of bleeding, which can be dangerous, goes up as one ages) should take low-dose aspirin, for a period of at least 10 years, for preventive benefits against CVD and heart attack, as well as colorectal cancer. The evidence is inconclusive for those not at very high risk who are over 70, and below 40, and there is only weak evidence for prevention of lung cancer, breast cancer, and prostate cancer. 




### Source:

1. [U.S. Preventive Services](http://www.uspreventiveservicestaskforce.org/Page/Document/draft-recommendation-statement/aspirin-to-prevent-cardiovascular-disease-and-cancer)
2. [NY Times Blogs](http://well.blogs.nytimes.com/2015/09/14/in-a-first-aspirin-is-recommended-to-fight-a-form-of-cancer/?_r=0)

### Related:

1. [The International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC), the cancer agency of the World Health Organization (WHO), has evaluated the carcinogenicity of the consumption of red meat and processed meat. After thoroughly reviewing the accumulated scientific literature, a Working Group of 22 experts from 10 countries convened by the IARC Monographs Programme classified the consumption of red meat as probably carcinogenic to humans (Group 2A), based on limited evidence that the consumption of red meat causes cancer in humans and strong mechanistic evidence supporting a carcinogenic effect. This association was observed mainly for colorectal cancer, but associations were also seen for pancreatic cancer and prostate cancer. Processed meat was classified as carcinogenic to humans (Group 1), based on sufficient evidence in humans that the consumption of processed meat causes colorectal cancer. ](/news/2015/10/28/the-international-agency-for-research-on-cancer-iarc-the-cancer-agency-of-the-world-health-organization-who-has-evaluated-the-carcinog.md) _Context: colorectal cancer, prostate cancer_
2. [Preventive medicine researchers from Harvard University and Northwestern University conduct a study on long-term (13 years; 793 people) pre-cancer changes (mostly leukemia, prostate cancer, lung cancers, and skin cancers) in telomeres, the protective ends of DNA. Some said, in previous short-look studies, that focused mostly on their known role in the pace of regular aging, that they either got shorter or longer. There was a 3-4 year period of accelerated aging, and then it halted a few years before cancer was diagnosed. ](/news/2015/05/3/preventive-medicine-researchers-from-harvard-university-and-northwestern-university-conduct-a-study-on-long-term-13-years-793-people-pre.md) _Context: lung cancer, prostate cancer_
3. [New research, published in ''Circulation: Cardiovascular Quality and Outcomes'', finds women who have endometriosis, the abnormal growth of uterine tissue outside the uterus, may face a 60 percent higher risk of developing heart disease than women without the disorder. The potential risk was especially high for women 40 or younger. At least 10 percent of women of reproductive age suffer from endometriosis (endo) says Dr. Stacey Missmer of Brigham and Women's Hospital, who co-authored the study. ](/news/2016/03/29/new-research-published-in-circulation-cardiovascular-quality-and-outcomes-finds-women-who-have-endometriosis-the-abnormal-growth-of.md) _Context: heart disease_
4. [The United States Food and Drug Administration approves marketing of a cooling cap system to reduce hair loss  in female breast cancer patients during  chemotherapy. The DigniCap scalp cooling system, a  product  first available in Sweden in the 1990s, produces near-freezing temperatures that make it harder for cancer-fighting drugs to reach and harm hair follicles. ](/news/2015/12/8/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-approves-marketing-of-a-cooling-cap-system-to-reduce-hair-loss-in-female-breast-cancer-patie.md) _Context: breast cancer_
5. [The High Court of Australia rules that the breast cancer gene BRCA-1 cannot be patented and the patent claimed by Myriad Genetics is invalid. ](/news/2015/10/7/the-high-court-of-australia-rules-that-the-breast-cancer-gene-brca-1-cannot-be-patented-and-the-patent-claimed-by-myriad-genetics-is-invalid.md) _Context: breast cancer_
6. [The American Cancer Society recommends women at average risk of breast cancer should begin annual mammograms at age 45, and women 55 and older scale back screening to every other year. ](/news/2015/10/20/the-american-cancer-society-recommends-women-at-average-risk-of-breast-cancer-should-begin-annual-mammograms-at-age-45-and-women-55-and-old.md) _Context: breast cancer_
7. [New research has suggested lung cancer patients could benefit from the use of statin drugs. Dr. Chris Cardwell, Ph.D., and researchers at Queens University Belfast in Northern Ireland found lung cancer patients who used statins within a year of diagnosis had a reduced risk of death from the disease, the American Association for Cancer Research reported. To make their finding, the research team looked at data on about 14,000 patients who were newly diagnosed with lung cancer between the years of 1998 and 2009 and were a part of the English cancer registry. ](/news/2015/05/2/new-research-has-suggested-lung-cancer-patients-could-benefit-from-the-use-of-statin-drugs-dr-chris-cardwell-ph-d-and-researchers-at-qu.md) _Context: lung cancer_
8. [American writer and producer Sam Simon, co-creator of the longest running animated sitcom, ''The Simpsons'', dies at the age of 59 after a 3-year battle with terminal colorectal cancer. ](/news/2015/03/8/american-writer-and-producer-sam-simon-co-creator-of-the-longest-running-animated-sitcom-the-simpsons-dies-at-the-age-of-59-after-a-3.md) _Context: colorectal cancer_
9. [A study released by the University of California, San Diego shows that vitamin D increases the chances of survival in patients suffering from breast cancer. ](/news/2014/03/7/a-study-released-by-the-university-of-california-san-diego-shows-that-vitamin-d-increases-the-chances-of-survival-in-patients-suffering-fro.md) _Context: breast cancer_
10. [Researchers at the New York University School of Medicine are published in the ''Journal of the National Cancer Institute'', describing a link between decreased levels of gut microbe diversity and increased colorectal cancer rates. A  possible cause of the link may be that such people's digestive tracts have lower levels of bacteria that ferment dietary fiber into the anti-inflammatory fatty acid butyrate. However, the causative link remains uncertain since there could be other influencing factors, such as genetics, obesity, or the presence of inflammatory types of microbes. ](/news/2013/12/7/researchers-at-the-new-york-university-school-of-medicine-are-published-in-the-journal-of-the-national-cancer-institute-describing-a-li.md) _Context: colorectal cancer_
