### [2006-10-5](/news/2006/10/5/index.md)

#  NTV television in Turkey reports that 260 Turkish soldiers will join the peacekeeping force in Lebanon. 




### Source:

1. [The Boston Globe](http://www.boston.com/news/world/europe/articles/2006/10/05/report_turkey_to_deploy_troops_in_lebanon/)

### Related:

1. [Turkey urges its citizens not to travel to Lebanon after the kidnapping of two Turkish nationals. ](/news/2012/08/17/turkey-urges-its-citizens-not-to-travel-to-lebanon-after-the-kidnapping-of-two-turkish-nationals.md) _Context: Lebanon, Turkey_
2. [A group of more than 30 journalists from such countries as Turkey, Spain, Germany, Lebanon, Egypt, the United Kingdom and the United States announces it is to take legal action against Israel for equipment lost and money stolen due to the Gaza flotilla raid. ](/news/2010/07/14/a-group-of-more-than-30-journalists-from-such-countries-as-turkey-spain-germany-lebanon-egypt-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states.md) _Context: Lebanon, Turkey_
3. [Ain al-Hilweh conflict: Renewed clashes between Islamist extremists and the Fatah-supported Joint Palestinian Security Force at the Ain al-Hilweh Palestinian refugees camp, near Sidon, Lebanon, wound three more Palestinians. ](/news/2017/08/22/ain-al-hilweh-conflict-renewed-clashes-between-islamist-extremists-and-the-fatah-supported-joint-palestinian-security-force-at-the-ain-al-h.md) _Context: Lebanon_
4. [Ain al-Hilweh conflict: A ceasefire brings calm after heavy fighting between Fatah and extremists that left two people dead at the Palestinian refugees camp of Ain al-Hilweh, Lebanon. ](/news/2017/08/21/ain-al-hilweh-conflict-a-ceasefire-brings-calm-after-heavy-fighting-between-fatah-and-extremists-that-left-two-people-dead-at-the-palestini.md) _Context: Lebanon_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.: Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey: Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.: 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.: United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.: Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.: Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.: Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-: ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Lebanon_
6. [2017 Aegean Sea earthquake: A 6.7 magnitude earthquake in the Aegean Sea near Greece and Turkey kills two people and injures more than 520 others. ](/news/2017/07/21/2017-aegean-sea-earthquake-a-6-7-magnitude-earthquake-in-the-aegean-sea-near-greece-and-turkey-kills-two-people-and-injures-more-than-520-o.md) _Context: Turkey_
7. [Syrian Civil War: Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-civil-war-syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-o.md) _Context: Turkey_
8. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis: The Bahrain News Agency publishes an official list of the demands from Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt towards Qatar. Turkey says the demands on Qatar are unlawful. ](/news/2017/06/25/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-the-bahrain-news-agency-publishes-an-official-list-of-the-demands-from-saudi-arabia-bahrain-the-united-arab.md) _Context: Turkey_
9. [Creation-evolution controversy: Turkey decides to stop teaching evolution to its students until their university level curriculum, deeming it controversial and too complex to understand. Critics say this undermines the secular foundation of the Turkish state. ](/news/2017/06/23/creation-evolution-controversy-turkey-decides-to-stop-teaching-evolution-to-its-students-until-their-university-level-curriculum-deeming.md) _Context: Turkey_
10. [Akyazi electrocution incident: Five people are killed after being electrocuted at a water park in Akyazi, Turkey. ](/news/2017/06/23/akyaza-electrocution-incident-five-people-are-killed-after-being-electrocuted-at-a-water-park-in-akyaza-turkey.md) _Context: Turkey_
