### [2006-10-5](/news/2006/10/5/index.md)

#  Thai authorities take steps to hold peace talks with two Muslim insurgencies, the Patani United Liberation Organisation (PULO) and Bersatu, who are fighting the Government in the Muslim-majority southern provinces of Thailand. 




### Source:

1. [News Limited](http://www.news.com.au/story/0,10117,20529226-1702,00.html?from=public_rss)

### Related:

1. [South Thailand insurgency:: Thailand agrees to peace talks with Muslim rebels for the first time after 20 years of conflict. ](/news/2013/02/28/south-thailand-insurgency-thailand-agrees-to-peace-talks-with-muslim-rebels-for-the-first-time-after-20-years-of-conflict.md) _Context: Muslim, Thailand_
2. [South Thailand insurgency:: 16 Muslim insurgents are killed during an attack on a military base in the Thai province of Narathiwat. ](/news/2013/02/13/south-thailand-insurgency-16-muslim-insurgents-are-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-military-base-in-the-thai-province-of-narathiwat.md) _Context: Muslim, Thailand_
3. [Suspected Muslim insurgents detonate a bomb in southern Thailand, killing one and injuring 23 people. ](/news/2011/04/18/suspected-muslim-insurgents-detonate-a-bomb-in-southern-thailand-killing-one-and-injuring-23-people.md) _Context: Muslim, Thailand_
4. [Muslim separatists in southern Thailand kill four soldiers in an attack on an army base. ](/news/2011/01/20/muslim-separatists-in-southern-thailand-kill-four-soldiers-in-an-attack-on-an-army-base.md) _Context: Muslim, Thailand_
5. [ Militants in southern Thailand kill a Muslim family of three while a bomb attack injures two in Pattani Province. ](/news/2009/12/4/militants-in-southern-thailand-kill-a-muslim-family-of-three-while-a-bomb-attack-injures-two-in-pattani-province.md) _Context: Muslim, Thailand_
6. [ 11 people are shot dead and a bomb at a restaurant injures 27 amid unrest in Thailand's Muslim south. ](/news/2009/09/3/11-people-are-shot-dead-and-a-bomb-at-a-restaurant-injures-27-amid-unrest-in-thailand-s-muslim-south.md) _Context: Muslim, Thailand_
7. [ Thailand declares emergency in three southern provinces of Narathiwat, Pattani and Yala because of increasing violence of Muslim insurgency. ](/news/2005/07/17/thailand-declares-emergency-in-three-southern-provinces-of-narathiwat-pattani-and-yala-because-of-increasing-violence-of-muslim-insurgency.md) _Context: Muslim, Thailand_
8. [ A car bomb explodes in southern Thailand near the Marina Hotel in Sungai Kolok, a popular tourist town close to the Malaysian border. Five people are killed and more than 40 injured. The car bomb is believed to be the first to explode in the Muslim-dominated region. ](/news/2005/02/17/a-car-bomb-explodes-in-southern-thailand-near-the-marina-hotel-in-sungai-kolok-a-popular-tourist-town-close-to-the-malaysian-border-five.md) _Context: Muslim, Thailand_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.: Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey: Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.: 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.: United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.: Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.: Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.: Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-: ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Muslim_
10. [United Nations Ocean Conference: At a United Nations-Oceans summit, delegates from China, Indonesia, the Philippines and Thailand, four of the top polluters of plastic into the oceans, pledge to reduce their levels of oceanic plastic pollution. ](/news/2017/06/8/united-nations-ocean-conference-at-a-united-nations-oceans-summit-delegates-from-china-indonesia-the-philippines-and-thailand-four-of-t.md) _Context: Thailand_
