### [2014-02-2](/news/2014/02/2/index.md)

# American actor Philip Seymour Hoffman, who won the Academy Award for Best Actor at the 78th Academy Awards in 2006 for ''Capote'', is found dead in his Manhattan apartment at the age of 46. Authorities initially attributed the death to a drug overdose. 

Oscar-winning actor Philip Seymour Hoffman was found dead of an apparent heroin overdose — with a hypodermic needle still stuck in his arm and 70 baggies of the drug inside his Greenwich Village pa…


### Source:

1. [NY Post](http://nypost.com/2014/02/02/philip-seymour-hoffman-found-dead-in-his-apartment/)

### Related:

1. [ 78th Academy Awards: ''Crash'' wins Best Picture, Ang Lee (''Brokeback Mountain'') wins Best Director, Reese Witherspoon (''Walk the Line'') wins Best Actress, and Philip Seymour Hoffman (''Capote'') wins Best Actor. ](/news/2006/03/5/78th-academy-awards-crash-wins-best-picture-ang-lee-brokeback-mountain-wins-best-director-reese-witherspoon-walk-the-line.md) _Context: 78th Academy Awards, Academy Award for Best Actor, Capote, Philip Seymour Hoffman_
2. [Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance, Jr. announces over $800 million in grants available to various agencies across the U.S. for law enforcement-related initiatives such as testing of potentially expired rape kits, the funding of an international center devoted to monitoring cyber attacks, and a program at John Jay College of Criminal Justice dedicated to training prosecutors.  The grants are funded from criminal penalties paid by several international banks accused of violating sanctions. ](/news/2015/11/8/manhattan-district-attorney-cyrus-r-vance-jr-announces-over-800-million-in-grants-available-to-various-agencies-across-the-u-s-for-law.md) _Context: American, Manhattan_
3. [A Manhattan federal court convicts Ross Ulbricht, aka "Dread Pirate Roberts", the owner of the Silk Road Deep Web illicit products website, on seven charges including trafficking and money laundering in the United States. ](/news/2015/02/4/a-manhattan-federal-court-convicts-ross-ulbricht-aka-dread-pirate-roberts-the-owner-of-the-silk-road-deep-web-illicit-products-website.md) _Context: American, Manhattan_
4. [The summit announces it is unable to gain agreement on climate change between the United States and the other 19 members of this international forum. ](/news/2017/07/8/the-summit-announces-it-is-unable-to-gain-agreement-on-climate-change-between-the-united-states-and-the-other-19-members-of-this-internation.md) _Context: American_
5. [The United States extends the restrictions deadline for refugees. ](/news/2017/07/5/the-united-states-extends-the-restrictions-deadline-for-refugees.md) _Context: American_
6. [Nine men are found dead inside a tractor-trailer parked outside a Walmart store in the American city of San Antonio, Texas in what authorities call a case of "ruthless" human trafficking. Thirty people,  many in critical condition and suffering from heat stroke and exhaustion, were removed from the non-air  conditioned trailer which also lacked a water supply. ](/news/2017/07/23/nine-men-are-found-dead-inside-a-tractor-trailer-parked-outside-a-walmart-store-in-the-american-city-of-san-antonio-texas-in-what-authoriti.md) _Context: American_
7. [Six teenagers, four males and two females, from a Burundi robotics team are reported missing after competing in the FIRST Global Robotics Competition in Washington, D.C.  A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year old girl reportedly crossed the United States border into Canada. There is no indication of foul play. ](/news/2017/07/20/six-teenagers-four-males-and-two-females-from-a-burundi-robotics-team-are-reported-missing-after-competing-in-the-first-global-robotics-co.md) _Context: American_
8. [A hearing in the U.S. Senate is held about alleged human rights violations in the Philippines's war against illegal drugs. ](/news/2017/07/20/a-hearing-in-the-u-s-senate-is-held-about-alleged-human-rights-violations-in-the-philippines-s-war-against-illegal-drugs.md) _Context: American_
9. [At least three people are killed and two hospitalized, one in serious condition, from a fire in a  condominium tower in the U.S. city of Honolulu, Hawaii. An unknown number of residents are reportedly still trapped in their apartments. ](/news/2017/07/14/at-least-three-people-are-killed-and-two-hospitalized-one-in-serious-condition-from-a-fire-in-a-condominium-tower-in-the-u-s-city-of-hon.md) _Context: American_
10. [Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-charter-08-is-suffering-fr.md) _Context: American_
