### [2014-08-18](/news/2014/08/18/index.md)

# 2014 Israel-Gaza conflict:. Israeli Defence Forces destroy the homes of the three suspected murderers of the kidnapped teenagers on the West Bank. 

Two of the suspects, Marwan Kawasame and Amar Abu Aysha remain at large; IDF says destruction of homes sends a severe deterrent message to terrorists and their helpers.


### Source:

1. [Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Arab-Israeli-Conflict/IDF-destroys-homes-of-the-murderers-of-the-three-kidnapped-Jewish-teens-371375#!)

### Related:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. The bodies of three kidnapped Israeli teenagers, including one with dual American citizenship, are found partially buried near Hebron on the West Bank. Shin Bet determined they were murdered shortly after being kidnapped, and is searching for two Hamas kidnappers and accomplices.](/news/2014/06/30/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-bodies-of-three-kidnapped-israeli-teenagers-including-one-with-dual-american-citizenship-are-found-par.md) _Context: 2014 kidnapping and murder of Israeli teenagers, West Bank_
2. [Three Israeli teenagers were kidnapped by Palestinian militants. The Israel Defense Forces and Shin-Bet deployed large forces through the West Bank in order to find and rescue them. ([http://www.jpost.com/Defense/Names-of-missing-teenage-yeshiva-students-released-359317 Jerusalem Post])](/news/2014/06/12/three-israeli-teenagers-were-kidnapped-by-palestinian-militants-the-israel-defense-forces-and-shin-bet-deployed-large-forces-through-the-we.md) _Context: 2014 kidnapping and murder of Israeli teenagers, West Bank_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Two Palestinians were shot dead by Israeli soldiers in the West Bank after they attacked an Israeli Defence Forces vehicle in Tulkarm. ](/news/2005/10/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-two-palestinians-were-shot-dead-by-israeli-soldiers-in-the-west-bank-after-they-attacked-an-israeli-defence-f.md) _Context: Israeli Defence Forces, West Bank_
4. [ Channel 10, an Israeli television station, broadcasts footage of what it claims is Israeli Defence Forces using a Palestinian youth as a human shield against rock-throwers in the West Bank. The IDF denies the allegation. ](/news/2005/05/23/channel-10-an-israeli-television-station-broadcasts-footage-of-what-it-claims-is-israeli-defence-forces-using-a-palestinian-youth-as-a-hu.md) _Context: Israeli Defence Forces, West Bank_
5. [World heritage sites. UNESCO declares the old city of Hebron and the Cave of the Patriarchs, both in the West Bank, as world heritage sites. ](/news/2017/07/7/world-heritage-sites-unesco-declares-the-old-city-of-hebron-and-the-cave-of-the-patriarchs-both-in-the-west-bank-as-world-heritage-sites.md) _Context: West Bank_
6. [In a shooting incident near Huwara in the West Bank, a mob of some 200 Arabs hurl stones and rocks toward an Israeli car and try to lynch the driver. The Israeli driver fires his weapon, killing one Palestinian. ](/news/2017/05/18/in-a-shooting-incident-near-huwara-in-the-west-bank-a-mob-of-some-200-arabs-hurl-stones-and-rocks-toward-an-israeli-car-and-try-to-lynch-th.md) _Context: West Bank_
7. [An Israeli soldier is killed during a car ramming attack near Ofra, in the West Bank. Another Israeli soldier was injured. A Palestinian suspected of committing the attack is taken into custody. ](/news/2017/04/6/an-israeli-soldier-is-killed-during-a-car-ramming-attack-near-ofra-in-the-west-bank-another-israeli-soldier-was-injured-a-palestinian-sus.md) _Context: West Bank_
8. [Israeli authorities shoot into a car that was on a ramming attack at a bus shelter at the Gush Etzion Junction in the West Bank where 13 Palestinians and 3 Israelis have been killed since October 2015. A 16-year-old Palestinian, Fatima Jibrin Taqatqa, had lost control of her car and the teenager now remains in critical condition. ](/news/2017/03/15/israeli-authorities-shoot-into-a-car-that-was-on-a-ramming-attack-at-a-bus-shelter-at-the-gush-etzion-junction-in-the-west-bank-where-13-pal.md) _Context: West Bank_
9. [Israel passes the Regulation Law which retroactively legalizes 4,000 housing units in 16 settlements on Area C West Bank occupied Palestinian territories. ](/news/2017/02/6/israel-passes-the-regulation-law-which-retroactively-legalizes-4-000-housing-units-in-16-settlements-on-area-c-west-bank-occupied-palestinia.md) _Context: West Bank_
10. [Hundreds of right-wing activists gather to protest the court-ordered demolition of the Israeli settlement Ofra, which was built on private Palestinian land in the West Bank. Israeli police are evacuating nine homes in the settlement, despite hunger strikes and people barricading themselves inside. ](/news/2017/02/28/hundreds-of-right-wing-activists-gather-to-protest-the-court-ordered-demolition-of-the-israeli-settlement-ofra-which-was-built-on-private-p.md) _Context: West Bank_
