### [2003-12-20](/news/2003/12/20/index.md)

# Celebrations marking the Bicentennial of the Louisiana Purchase culminate in New Orleans, Louisiana. [http://www.ajc.com/news/content/news/1203/20louisiana.html]




### Related:

1. [A 20-year-old man is arrested and charged with murder and attempted murder in connection with a June 28 shooting that occurred at Bourbon Street in New Orleans, Louisiana, U.S., which killed one person and wounded 8 others. ](/news/2014/07/4/a-20-year-old-man-is-arrested-and-charged-with-murder-and-attempted-murder-in-connection-with-a-june-28-shooting-that-occurred-at-bourbon-st.md) _Context: New Orleans, Louisiana_
2. [Floods in North America:The Morganza Spillway on the Mississippi River has been opened for the first time in 37 years, deliberately flooding 3,000 square miles of rural Louisiana to save most of Baton Rouge and New Orleans. ](/news/2011/05/15/floods-in-north-america-pthe-morganza-spillway-on-the-mississippi-river-has-been-opened-for-the-first-time-in-37-years-deliberately-floodin.md) _Context: New Orleans, Louisiana_
3. [Flooding in North America:The Morganza Spillway on the Mississippi River is opened for the second time in its history, deliberately flooding 3,000|sqmi|km2 of rural Louisiana and placing a nuclear power plant at risk to save most of Baton Rouge and New Orleans. ](/news/2011/05/14/flooding-in-north-america-pthe-morganza-spillway-on-the-mississippi-river-is-opened-for-the-second-time-in-its-history-deliberately-floodin.md) _Context: New Orleans, Louisiana_
4. [ United States District Court judge Stanwood Duval dismisses a class action suit against the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers over flooding from a levee breach in New Orleans, Louisiana after Hurricane Katrina. ](/news/2008/01/30/united-states-district-court-judge-stanwood-duval-dismisses-a-class-action-suit-against-the-u-s-army-corps-of-engineers-over-flooding-from.md) _Context: New Orleans, Louisiana_
5. [ There are violent incidents in New Orleans, Louisiana as the City Council approves the demolition of 4,500 public housing units. ](/news/2007/12/20/there-are-violent-incidents-in-new-orleans-louisiana-as-the-city-council-approves-the-demolition-of-4-500-public-housing-units.md) _Context: New Orleans, Louisiana_
6. [ Mid-February winter storm: A major weather system reaches the Northeastern United States and eastern Canada and hammers the region with snow and ice. The same system is responsible for  severe weather in the Midwest and a tornado in New Orleans, Louisiana. ](/news/2007/02/14/mid-february-winter-storm-a-major-weather-system-reaches-the-northeastern-united-states-and-eastern-canada-and-hammers-the-region-with-sno.md) _Context: New Orleans, Louisiana_
7. [ Seven policemen charged in a deadly Danziger Bridge shooting in the chaotic aftermath of Hurricane Katrina turn themselves in at a New Orleans city jail. ](/news/2007/01/2/seven-policemen-charged-in-a-deadly-danziger-bridge-shooting-in-the-chaotic-aftermath-of-hurricane-katrina-turn-themselves-in-at-a-new-orle.md) _Context: New Orleans, Louisiana_
8. [ A report issued by the United States Army Corps of Engineers admits their responsibility for 2005 levee failures that flooded the majority of New Orleans, Louisiana in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina. ](/news/2006/06/1/a-report-issued-by-the-united-states-army-corps-of-engineers-admits-their-responsibility-for-2005-levee-failures-that-flooded-the-majority.md) _Context: New Orleans, Louisiana_
9. [ 2005 levee failures in Greater New Orleans: An Investigations of the 17th Street Canal, whose failure flooded much of New Orleans, Louisiana in the wake of Hurricane Katrina, show that metal pilings were seven feet shallower than engineering specifications. ](/news/2005/11/10/2005-levee-failures-in-greater-new-orleans-an-investigations-of-the-17th-street-canal-whose-failure-flooded-much-of-new-orleans-louisian.md) _Context: New Orleans, Louisiana_
10. [ CNN reports that the Louisiana attorney general is investigating the possibility that mercy killings of critically ill patients by staff medical professionals  at Memorial Medical Center in New Orleans, Louisiana occurred during Hurricane Katrina. ](/news/2005/10/12/cnn-reports-that-the-louisiana-attorney-general-is-investigating-the-possibility-that-mercy-killings-of-critically-ill-patients-by-staff-me.md) _Context: New Orleans, Louisiana_
