
Formats: [HTML](/news/2003/12/20/irish-charity-fundraiser-john-o-shea-attacks-manchester-united-football-manager-sir-alex-ferguson-as-greedy-for-demanding-gbp90-000-to-att.html)  [JSON](/news/2003/12/20/irish-charity-fundraiser-john-o-shea-attacks-manchester-united-football-manager-sir-alex-ferguson-as-greedy-for-demanding-gbp90-000-to-att.json)  [XML](/news/2003/12/20/irish-charity-fundraiser-john-o-shea-attacks-manchester-united-football-manager-sir-alex-ferguson-as-greedy-for-demanding-gbp90-000-to-att.xml)  

### [2003-12-20](/news/2003/12/20/index.md)

##### Ireland
# Irish charity fundraiser John O'Shea attacks Manchester United football manager Sir Alex Ferguson as "greedy" for demanding GBP90,000 to attend a cancer charity function in Ireland in 1999. According to O'Shea, a sports celebrity demanding 'appearance money' from a charity is unheard of in his experience. Ferguson's appearance fee amounted to half the money raised. The fundraisers, until now unaware that Ferguson had taken half the proceeds, denounce his behaviour and say if they had known about it at the time they would have cancelled the event. 




### Changes:

1. [Irish charity fundraiser John O'Shea attacks Manchester United football manager Sir Alex Ferguson as "greedy" for demanding 90,000 to attend a cancer charity function in Ireland in 1999. According to O'Shea, a sports celebrity demanding 'appearance money' from a charity is unheard of in his experience. Ferguson's appearance fee amounted to half the money raised. The fundraisers, until now unaware that Ferguson had taken half the proceeds, denounce his behaviour and say if they had known about it at the time they would have cancelled the event. ](/news/2003/12/20/irish-charity-fundraiser-john-o-shea-attacks-manchester-united-football-manager-sir-alex-ferguson-as-greedy-for-demanding-ps90-000-to-atten.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:15 (First version)_
1. [Irish charity fundraiser John O'Shea attacks Manchester United football manager Sir Alex Ferguson as "greedy" for demanding GBP90,000 to attend a cancer charity function in Ireland in 1999. According to O'Shea, a sports celebrity demanding 'appearance money' from a charity is unheard of in his experience. Ferguson's appearance fee amounted to half the money raised. The fundraisers, until now unaware that Ferguson had taken half the proceeds, denounce his behaviour and say if they had known about it at the time they would have cancelled the event. ](/news/2003/12/20/irish-charity-fundraiser-john-o-shea-attacks-manchester-united-football-manager-sir-alex-ferguson-as-greedy-for-demanding-gbp90-000-to-att.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [Twenty-three European Union countries sign a defence integration pact known as the Permanent Structured Cooperation. NATO members Denmark, Portugal and the United Kingdom (withdrawal from EU underway), and non-NATO members Malta and Ireland, opt out. ](/news/2017/11/13/twenty-three-european-union-countries-sign-a-defence-integration-pact-known-as-the-permanent-structured-cooperation-nato-members-denmark-p.md) _Context: Ireland_
2. [Storm Brian, the third windstorm of the season, causes severe flash flooding in Ireland and coastal flooding in parts of England and Wales, although disruption is not as severe as initially expected. ](/news/2017/10/21/storm-brian-the-third-windstorm-of-the-season-causes-severe-flash-flooding-in-ireland-and-coastal-flooding-in-parts-of-england-and-wales.md) _Context: Ireland_
3. [A panel of external experts to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration unanimously vote that the benefits of the gene replacement treatment made by Spark Therapeutics of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, called voretigene neparvovec (trade name, Luxturna), which treats Leber's congenital amaurosis (LCA), a form of hereditary blindness, outweigh its risks. The treatment, which targets a specific disease-causing mutation, is designed to treat individuals who have two mutated copies of a gene called "RPE65" and consists of a virus injected into the eye loaded with a normal copy of the "RPE65" gene. Further, this technique utilizing adeno-associated virus as a vector may, in the future, be used for the treatment of heart disease and also mutations other than LCA, including some cancers. ](/news/2017/10/12/a-panel-of-external-experts-to-the-u-s-food-and-drug-administration-unanimously-vote-that-the-benefits-of-the-gene-replacement-treatment-ma.md) _Context: cancer_
4. [Kulsoom Nawaz Sharif, wife of ousted former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif, defeats the opposition party's Yasmin Rashid in the by-election for Nawaz Sharif's National Assembly seat. Kulsoom, represented by her daughter and proxy Maryam, is being treated in London for cancer. ](/news/2017/09/17/kulsoom-nawaz-sharif-wife-of-ousted-former-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-defeats-the-opposition-party-s-yasmin-rashid-in-the-by-election-for.md) _Context: cancer_
5. [The woman whose remains were found scattered along the Military Road in Wicklow, Ireland was named locally today as Patricia O'Connor, a 61 year old from Rathfarnham. A man was arrested in connection with this on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/06/14/the-woman-whose-remains-were-found-scattered-along-the-military-road-in-wicklow-ireland-was-named-locally-today-as-patricia-o-connor-a-61.md) _Context: Ireland_
