### [2003-12-20](/news/2003/12/20/index.md)

# Spanish Prime Minister Jos Mara Aznar pays a surprise visit to Spanish troops in Iraq. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3336565.stm]




### Related:

1. [ Newly elected Spanish Prime Minister Jos Luis Rodrguez Zapatero announces his government's opposition to the invasion and continued occupation of Iraq and his intention to withdraw Spanish troops from Iraq by June 30, unless they are part of a U.N. force. ](/news/2004/03/15/newly-elected-spanish-prime-minister-jose-luis-rodriguez-zapatero-announces-his-government-s-opposition-to-the-invasion-and-continued-occup.md) _Context: Iraq, Prime Minister, Spanish_
2. [Following the Obama Administration's pledge of additional Special Operations troops to Iraq, several members of Iraq's ruling alliance state that only the Iraqi Parliament can authorize the action, and political associates of Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi report such a troop expansion would be unacceptable. Several members of Iraqi militias have also decried a deployment of more U.S. troops. During the pull out from Iraq, president Obama promised there would be no more "boots on the ground" in Iraq again. ](/news/2015/12/3/following-the-obama-administration-s-pledge-of-additional-special-operations-troops-to-iraq-several-members-of-iraqas-ruling-alliance-sta.md) _Context: Iraq, Prime Minister_
3. [ Al-Qaeda's deputy leader, Ayman al-Zawahiri, openly supports Hezbollah attacks on Israel, Calling for Jihad until Islam reigns from "Spain to Iraq". ](/news/2006/07/27/al-qaeda-s-deputy-leader-ayman-al-zawahiri-openly-supports-hezbollah-attacks-on-israel-calling-for-jihad-until-islam-reigns-from-spain.md) _Context: Iraq, Spanish_
4. [ New Italian prime minister Romano Prodi pledges to withdraw Italian troops from Iraq and calls the Iraq war a "grave mistake that has not solved but increased the problem of security". ](/news/2006/05/18/new-italian-prime-minister-romano-prodi-pledges-to-withdraw-italian-troops-from-iraq-and-calls-the-iraq-war-a-grave-mistake-that-has-not-s.md) _Context: Iraq, Prime Minister_
5. [ Anti-war campaigners criticised British Prime Minister Tony Blair after he suggested his decision to go to war in Iraq would ultimately be judged by God. ](/news/2006/03/4/anti-war-campaigners-criticised-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-after-he-suggested-his-decision-to-go-to-war-in-iraq-would-ultimately-be.md) _Context: Iraq, Prime Minister_
6. [ Iraqi President Jalal Talabani has called the former prime minister Iyad Allawi's comments ""nonsense"". Allawi claimed that the human rights abuses in Iraq were as bad now as they were under Saddam Hussein. Talabani stated that the government was against any form of torture or harming of Prisoners. ](/news/2005/11/28/iraqi-president-jalal-talabani-has-called-the-former-prime-minister-iyad-allawi-s-comments-nonsense-allawi-claimed-that-the-human-righ.md) _Context: Iraq, Prime Minister_
7. [ In Manchester, UK, 30 police raid a house at 5 a.m. and arrest a 40-year-old man on suspicion of involvement in suicide bombings in Iraq. Another man resident in the same house is believed to have gone to Iraq in February to carry out a bombing. Last week, police in Spain and Germany also made arrests in connection with bombings in Iraq, but it is not known if the cases are related. ](/news/2005/06/21/in-manchester-uk-30-police-raid-a-house-at-5-a-m-and-arrest-a-40-year-old-man-on-suspicion-of-involvement-in-suicide-bombings-in-iraq-a.md) _Context: Iraq, Spanish_
8. [ Ibrahim Jaafari, a Shia, has replaced Iyad Allawi as the interim prime minister of Iraq. ](/news/2005/04/7/ibrahim-jaafari-a-shia-has-replaced-iyad-allawi-as-the-interim-prime-minister-of-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq, Prime Minister_
9. [ The Hutton Inquiry report is released, stating the suicide of Iraqi weapons expert David Kelly did not involve "dishonourable conduct" on the part of the United Kingdom's government and exonerates Prime Minister Tony Blair of any wrongdoing in Kelly's death. The BBC receives harsh criticism for the allegations within Andrew Gilligan's report on weapons of mass destruction and the BBC's subsequent backing of the report. Gavyn Davies takes full responsibility for any wrongdoing and resigns as the Chairman of the Board of Governors of the BBC.](/news/2004/01/28/the-hutton-inquiry-report-is-released-stating-the-suicide-of-iraqi-weapons-expert-david-kelly-did-not-involve-dishonourable-conduct-on-t.md) _Context: Iraq, Prime Minister_
10. [ Belgium's highest court, the Court of Cassation, throws out case against Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and Israeli General Amos Yaron. Also, a case against former U.S. President George H. W. Bush (for war crimes in Iraq) and Secretary of State Colin Powell is dismissed.](/news/2003/09/24/belgium-s-highest-court-the-court-of-cassation-throws-out-case-against-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-and-israeli-general-amos-yaron-also.md) _Context: Iraq, Prime Minister_
