### [2003-12-20](/news/2003/12/20/index.md)

#  The Holy See announces plans to beatify the last Austro-Hungarian emperor Karl. Karl, who was overthrown in 1918 and died in exile in 1922, is expected to be beatified, a step to sainthood, in the next year. Karl's widow, Zita of Bourbon-Parma died in 1989. His son, former Crown Prince Otto von Habsburg was until recently a German MEP. 




### Related:

1. [ The Vatican announced that the late Pope, John Paul II, is to be beatified. This is the first step to becoming a saint. ](/news/2005/05/13/the-vatican-announced-that-the-late-pope-john-paul-ii-is-to-be-beatified-this-is-the-first-step-to-becoming-a-saint.md) _Context: Holy See, beatified, saints_
2. [the Vatican declares Pope John Paul II and Pope John XXIII canonized as saints. ](/news/2013/07/5/the-vatican-declares-pope-john-paul-ii-and-pope-john-xxiii-canonized-as-saints.md) _Context: Holy See, saints_
3. [German Federal Minister of Justice Sabine Leutheusser-Schnarrenberger says the Vatican has built a "wall of silence" in response to the country's child sexual abuse controversy of recent months. ](/news/2010/03/8/german-federal-minister-of-justice-sabine-leutheusser-schnarrenberger-says-the-vatican-has-built-a-wall-of-silence-in-response-to-the-coun.md) _Context: Germany, Holy See_
4. [Mary MacKillop is to become Australia's first saint, after being approved by the Holy See for canonization. ](/news/2010/02/19/mary-mackillop-is-to-become-australia-s-first-saint-after-being-approved-by-the-holy-see-for-canonization.md) _Context: Holy See, saints_
5. [ Pope John Paul&nbsp;II beatifies five persons, including Anne Catherine Emmerich, a German nun, and Karl&nbsp;I, last emperor of the Austro-Hungarian Empire, in a ceremony in Rome. John Paul&nbsp;II has made a total of 1,340 beatifications (including today's), more than all previous popes combined. ](/news/2004/10/3/pope-john-paul-nbsp-ii-beatifies-five-persons-including-anne-catherine-emmerich-a-german-nun-and-karl-nbsp-i-last-emperor-of-the-austro.md) _Context: Karl&nbsp;I, beatified_
6. [The European X-ray free-electron laser is inaugurated in Hamburg, Germany. ](/news/2017/09/3/the-european-x-ray-free-electron-laser-is-inaugurated-in-hamburg-germany.md) _Context: Germany_
7. [Large portions of Frankfurt, Germany, are evacuated as local authorities work to defuse a bomb left over from a Royal Air Force raid during World War II. The evacuation is the largest to occur in Europe since World War II. ](/news/2017/09/3/large-portions-of-frankfurt-germany-are-evacuated-as-local-authorities-work-to-defuse-a-bomb-left-over-from-a-royal-air-force-raid-during.md) _Context: Germany_
8. [The Venerable Rev. Father Stanley Rother, a priest of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Oklahoma City (born in Okarche, Oklahoma), is beatified at the Cox Convention Center in Oklahoma City by Cardinal Angelo Amato, head of the sainthood Congregation in the Roman Curia and Pope Francis's delegate. Rother, who became a missionary, was assassinated in July 1981 in the poor rural village of Santiago Atitlan, Guatemala, and is the first Catholic martyr born a citizen of the United States. ](/news/2017/09/23/the-venerable-rev-father-stanley-rother-a-priest-of-the-roman-catholic-archdiocese-of-oklahoma-city-born-in-okarche-oklahoma-is-beatif.md) _Context: beatified_
9. [Turkey summons the ambassador of Germany after at least 10,000 people rally in Cologne in support of the referendum. ](/news/2017/09/16/turkey-summons-the-ambassador-of-germany-after-at-least-10-000-people-rally-in-cologne-in-support-of-the-referendum.md) _Context: Germany_
10. [Leaders from the Group of Twenty come together at the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, including United States President Donald Trump who is set to meet with President of Russia Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2017/07/7/leaders-from-the-group-of-twenty-come-together-at-the-g20-summit-in-hamburg-germany-including-united-states-president-donald-trump-who-is.md) _Context: Germany_
