### [2003-12-20](/news/2003/12/20/index.md)

# The World Court says it will hear legal arguments about Israel's construction of a controversial barrier in the West Bank to separate Israeli and Palestinian areas. The hearings will begin on 23 February 2004. [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-middle_east-3336229.stm]




### Related:

1. [Palestinian factions, Hamas and Fatah, sign a unity deal in Cairo, that is also publicly supported by the governments of Egypt and Saudi Arabia. The Fatah-controlled Palestinian National Authority , along with Israel, currently govern the West Bank. According to the signatories of the deal, the PNA will take administrative control of the Gaza Strip, and, along with Hamas, police its borders. The signatories consider the agreement a first step, and, if productive, plan to meet next month to address the remaining issues. The government of Israel opposes any involvement by Hamas in a Palestinian government. ](/news/2017/10/12/palestinian-factions-hamas-and-fatah-sign-a-unity-deal-in-cairo-that-is-also-publicly-supported-by-the-governments-of-egypt-and-saudi-ara.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian National Authority, West Bank_
2. [The Palestinian Ministry of Foreign Affairs says Israel prevented Indonesian Foreign Minister Retno Marsudi from entering the West Bank to meet with Palestinian officials. The Israeli spokesman would not comment. Israel and Indonesia do not have formal diplomatic relations. ](/news/2016/03/13/the-palestinian-ministry-of-foreign-affairs-says-israel-prevented-indonesian-foreign-minister-retno-marsudi-from-entering-the-west-bank-to-m.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian National Authority, West Bank_
3. [Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas tells that peace negotiations will not continue until Israel makes a new settlement freeze on the West Bank, ending the current Israel-Palestine peace negotiations after just one month, though maintaining contacts with the United States. ](/news/2010/10/2/palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-tells-that-peace-negotiations-will-not-continue-until-israel-makes-a-new-settlement-freeze-on-the-west-b.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian National Authority, West Bank_
4. [The body of a Palestinian teenager said to have been shot dead by Jewish settlers is found. He is the first to die since Israel and the Palestinian National Authority began indirect peace talks on Saturday. In a retaliation shooting, the Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades claims responsibility for firing on a car of Jewish civilians in the West Bank. ](/news/2010/05/14/the-body-of-a-palestinian-teenager-said-to-have-been-shot-dead-by-jewish-settlers-is-found-he-is-the-first-to-die-since-israel-and-the-pale.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian National Authority, West Bank_
5. [ Israeli soldiers arrest 33 Hamas figures in Nablus, West Bank, including one cabinet member, Palestinian Education Minister Naser al-Shaer. ](/news/2007/05/24/israeli-soldiers-arrest-33-hamas-figures-in-nablus-west-bank-including-one-cabinet-member-palestinian-education-minister-naser-al-shaer.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian National Authority, West Bank_
