### [2006-11-20](/news/2006/11/20/index.md)

#  Ken Livingstone, the Mayor of London, accuses Home Secretary Jack Straw of participating in "demonization of Muslims only comparable to the demonization of Jews from the end of the 19th century" for his comments regarding veils. 




### Source:

1. [JTA](http://www.jta.org/page_view_breaking_story.asp?intid=5670&ref=daily_briefing)

### Related:

1. [The new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Theresa May begins forming her ministry following the end of the Second Cameron ministry. The former Mayor of London Boris Johnson is appointed Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, Philip Hammond is appointed as Chancellor of the Exchequer, Amber Rudd is appointed Home Secretary filling Theresa May's former position, Liam Fox is appointed as Secretary of State for International Trade and David Davis is appointed as minister for the newly created Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union. ](/news/2016/07/13/the-new-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-theresa-may-begins-forming-her-ministry-following-the-end-of-the-second-cameron-ministry-the-f.md) _Context: Home Secretary, Mayor of London_
2. [Former Mayor of London Ken Livingstone is suspended by the Labour Party for claiming that Adolf Hitler was a Zionist. ](/news/2016/04/28/former-mayor-of-london-ken-livingstone-is-suspended-by-the-labour-party-for-claiming-that-adolf-hitler-was-a-zionist.md) _Context: Ken Livingstone, Mayor of London_
3. [The BBC is to broadcast its political debate programme "Question Time" from inside a prison for the first time next Thursday. Ten members of staff and ten prisoners from London's Wormwood Scrubs prison are to join 100 other audience members, while panelists are to include Secretary of State for Justice Kenneth Clarke and former Home Secretary Jack Straw. ](/news/2011/05/12/the-bbc-is-to-broadcast-its-political-debate-programme-question-time-from-inside-a-prison-for-the-first-time-next-thursday-ten-members-of.md) _Context: Home Secretary, Jack Straw_
4. [ Conservative Party candidate Boris Johnson is elected as the Mayor of London replacing Ken Livingstone, capping huge gains by the Conservatives in local elections, which gave them a net gain of 256 council seats and a net gain of 12 city councils. ](/news/2008/05/2/conservative-party-candidate-boris-johnson-is-elected-as-the-mayor-of-london-replacing-ken-livingstone-capping-huge-gains-by-the-conservat.md) _Context: Ken Livingstone, Mayor of London_
5. [ Following significant Labour Party losses in the English local elections, British Prime Minister Tony Blair announces the largest Cabinet reshuffle of his tenure. The changes include sacking embattled Home Secretary Charles Clarke, the demotion of long-serving Foreign Secretary Jack Straw, and the stripping from Deputy Prime Minister John Prescott of his departmental portfolio. ](/news/2006/05/5/following-significant-labour-party-losses-in-the-english-local-elections-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-announces-the-largest-cabinet-r.md) _Context: Home Secretary, Jack Straw_
6. [ The mayor of London, Ken Livingstone, refers to the United States Ambassador to the United Kingdom, Robert Tuttle, as a 'chiseling little crook' because the United States embassy continues to refuse to pay the London congestion charge. ](/news/2006/03/27/the-mayor-of-london-ken-livingstone-refers-to-the-united-states-ambassador-to-the-united-kingdom-robert-tuttle-as-a-chiseling-little-c.md) _Context: Ken Livingstone, Mayor of London_
7. [ The High Court of England and Wales grants the Mayor of London, Ken Livingstone, an order that delays a four-week suspension from his post ordered by an administrative tribunal last week. ](/news/2006/02/28/the-high-court-of-england-and-wales-grants-the-mayor-of-london-ken-livingstone-an-order-that-delays-a-four-week-suspension-from-his-post.md) _Context: Ken Livingstone, Mayor of London_
8. [ Ken Livingstone, the Mayor of London, is suspended from his position for one month by a three member panel of the Adjudication Panel for England for being "unnecessarily insensitive" in comparing a Jewish "Evening Standard" reporter to a Nazi concentration camp guard. Nicky Gavron, his deputy, will take over his responsibilities whilst Livingstone is suspended. ](/news/2006/02/24/ken-livingstone-the-mayor-of-london-is-suspended-from-his-position-for-one-month-by-a-three-member-panel-of-the-adjudication-panel-for-en.md) _Context: Ken Livingstone, Mayor of London_
9. [ Ken Livingstone is re-elected Mayor of London for a second four-year term after polling 828,380 first and second preference votes, defeating his nearest rival Conservative Steve Norris by 161,202 votes. ](/news/2004/06/11/ken-livingstone-is-re-elected-mayor-of-london-for-a-second-four-year-term-after-polling-828-380-first-and-second-preference-votes-defeatin.md) _Context: Ken Livingstone, Mayor of London_
10. [The Garden Bridge project is officially abandoned after Mayor of London Sadiq Khan withdraws support. ](/news/2017/08/14/the-garden-bridge-project-is-officially-abandoned-after-mayor-of-london-sadiq-khan-withdraws-support.md) _Context: Mayor of London_
