### [2006-11-20](/news/2006/11/20/index.md)

#  The President of the United States George W. Bush visits Indonesia to meet with the President of Indonesia Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono with large crowds protesting US foreign policy. 




### Source:

1. [ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/newsitems/200611/s1793095.htm)

### Related:

1. [Australia and Indonesia sign a code of conduct to govern diplomatic ties following revelations in late 2013 that Australia's Defence Signals Directorate had tapped the phones of the President of Indonesia Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono. ](/news/2014/08/28/australia-and-indonesia-sign-a-code-of-conduct-to-govern-diplomatic-ties-following-revelations-in-late-2013-that-australia-s-defence-signals.md) _Context: Indonesia, President of Indonesia, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono_
2. [2013 global surveillance disclosures:. Indonesian protesters gather outside the Australian embassy in Jakarta and protesters burn Australian flags to protest alleged bugging of President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono's phone. ](/news/2013/11/21/2013-global-surveillance-disclosures-indonesian-protesters-gather-outside-the-australian-embassy-in-jakarta-and-protesters-burn-australian.md) _Context: Indonesia, President of Indonesia, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono_
3. [Indonesia recalls its ambassador to Australia and will "review" Australian diplomatic positions in Jakarta following revelations that Australia had tapped the phone of the President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono and his wife. ](/news/2013/11/18/indonesia-recalls-its-ambassador-to-australia-and-will-review-australian-diplomatic-positions-in-jakarta-following-revelations-that-austra.md) _Context: Indonesia, President of Indonesia, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono_
4. [The President of Indonesia Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono condemns the beheading of an Indonesian maid in Saudi Arabia and condemns the Saudi Government of breaking the "norms and manners" of international relations. ](/news/2011/06/23/the-president-of-indonesia-susilo-bambang-yudhoyono-condemns-the-beheading-of-an-indonesian-maid-in-saudi-arabia-and-condemns-the-saudi-gove.md) _Context: Indonesia, President of Indonesia, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono_
5. ["Ground zero" mosque and cultural centre controversy. Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, the President of Indonesia, and Asif Ali Zardari, the President of Pakistan, call on President of the United States, Barack Obama, to stop International Burn a Koran Day being organised by the Dove World Outreach Center. ](/news/2010/09/9/ground-zero-mosque-and-cultural-centre-controversy-susilo-bambang-yudhoyono-the-president-of-indonesia-and-asif-ali-zardari-the-presid.md) _Context: President of Indonesia, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, president_
6. [Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono arrives in Canberra for his "symbolic" three-day visit to Australia. ](/news/2010/03/9/indonesian-president-susilo-bambang-yudhoyono-arrives-in-canberra-for-his-symbolic-three-day-visit-to-australia.md) _Context: Indonesia, President of Indonesia, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono_
7. [ The President of Indonesia, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, is declared as the winner of the Indonesian presidential election. ](/news/2009/07/24/the-president-of-indonesia-susilo-bambang-yudhoyono-is-declared-as-the-winner-of-the-indonesian-presidential-election.md) _Context: Indonesia, President of Indonesia, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono_
8. [ Memorial services around the world, including one in Banda Aceh, Indonesia, attended by President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, mark the first anniversary of the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami which saw 275,000 people killed or left missing. ](/news/2005/12/26/memorial-services-around-the-world-including-one-in-banda-aceh-indonesia-attended-by-president-susilo-bambang-yudhoyono-mark-the-first.md) _Context: Indonesia, President of Indonesia, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono_
9. [Terrorism in Indonesia. A suicide bomber attacks a police station in Solo, Indonesia, killing himself and injuring a police officer. Solo is the birthplace of President Joko Widodo. ](/news/2016/07/5/terrorism-in-indonesia-a-suicide-bomber-attacks-a-police-station-in-solo-indonesia-killing-himself-and-injuring-a-police-officer-solo-is.md) _Context: Indonesia, President of Indonesia_
10. [An Indonesian court rejects Andrew Chan's and Myuran Sukumaran's appeal against the President of Indonesia Joko Widodo's refusal to grant them clemency against the death penalty as organisers of the Bali Nine plot to smuggle heroin to Australia in 2005. ](/news/2015/04/6/an-indonesian-court-rejects-andrew-chan-s-and-myuran-sukumaran-s-appeal-against-the-president-of-indonesia-joko-widodo-s-refusal-to-grant-th.md) _Context: Indonesia, President of Indonesia_
