### [2004-06-4](/news/2004/06/4/index.md)

#  New Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi gives his first televised national address. Five U.S soldiers are killed and another five wounded when their convoy comes under attack from roadside bombs and RPGs near Sadr City. The Mahdi Army agrees to a truce in Najaf with U.S forces and vows to withdraw if the Americans make a similar commitment.




### Related:

1. [ At least four Shia Muslims, believed to be members of the Mahdi Army are killed by US soldiers in a gunfight following a U.S. raid into Sadr City, eastern Baghdad. ](/news/2005/09/25/at-least-four-shia-muslims-believed-to-be-members-of-the-mahdi-army-are-killed-by-us-soldiers-in-a-gunfight-following-a-u-s-raid-into-sad.md) _Context: Mahdi Army, Sadr City_
2. [ In a statement issued from his Baghdad office, Shiite Muslim cleric Muqtada al-Sadr agrees to order his militia to leave the Imam Ali Mosque in Najaf, Iraq, after threats by Prime Minister Iyad Allawi's government to "liberate" it. Al-Sadr further agrees to disband his Jaish-i-Mahdi militia, and enter the "mainstream political process". It remains unclear when the withdrawal will actually take place. ](/news/2004/08/18/in-a-statement-issued-from-his-baghdad-office-shiite-muslim-cleric-muqtada-al-sadr-agrees-to-order-his-militia-to-leave-the-imam-ali-mosqu.md) _Context: Iyad Allawi, Mahdi Army_
3. [ In the standoff between the Jaish-i-Mahdi militia and Iraqi and US forces, fears of a major assault on Najaf mount. The city is closed to journalists and some Iraqi government soldiers are reported to desert. Some delegates at the national conference call on Iraqi interim Prime Minister Allawi to end military operations against Muqtada al-Sadr. ](/news/2004/08/16/in-the-standoff-between-the-jaish-i-mahdi-militia-and-iraqi-and-us-forces-fears-of-a-major-assault-on-najaf-mount-the-city-is-closed-to-j.md) _Context: Iyad Allawi, Mahdi Army_
4. [ At least 64 people are killed and 87 injured in a bomb attack on a market in Sadr City, Baghdad. Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIS) claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/05/11/at-least-64-people-are-killed-and-87-injured-in-a-bomb-attack-on-a-market-in-sadr-city-baghdad-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-isis.md) _Context: Sadr City_
5. [Two suicide bombers kill 70 people and injure more than 100 others at a crowded market in Sadr City, Iraq. ISIL claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/02/28/two-suicide-bombers-kill-70-people-and-injure-more-than-100-others-at-a-crowded-market-in-sadr-city-iraq-isil-claims-responsibility-for-th.md) _Context: Sadr City_
6. [Boko Haram militants attack the northeast Nigerian city of Maiduguri with rocket-propelled grenades and multiple suicide bombers. At least 30 people are reportedly killed. ](/news/2015/12/27/boko-haram-militants-attack-the-northeast-nigerian-city-of-maiduguri-with-rocket-propelled-grenades-and-multiple-suicide-bombers-at-least-3.md) _Context: rocket-propelled grenades_
7. [A Ukrainian military helicopter is destroyed after being hit by a rocket-propelled grenade at a base near the town of Kramatorsk in Eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2014/04/25/a-ukrainian-military-helicopter-is-destroyed-after-being-hit-by-a-rocket-propelled-grenade-at-a-base-near-the-town-of-kramatorsk-in-eastern.md) _Context: rocket-propelled grenades_
8. [Over 100 people are killed in a series of attacks across Iraq, most of them in a twin suicide bombing at a Shiite funeral in Baghdad's Sadr City neighborhood. ](/news/2013/09/21/over-100-people-are-killed-in-a-series-of-attacks-across-iraq-most-of-them-in-a-twin-suicide-bombing-at-a-shiite-funeral-in-baghdad-s-sadr.md) _Context: Sadr City_
9. [2012 Benghazi attack: Militiamen storm the US consulate in Benghazi. Reports indicate it has been burned down and looted. AFP reports a source saying rocket-propelled grenades were fired at the consulate. The U.S. Ambassador in Libya, J. Christopher Stevens, and three other people are killed. ](/news/2012/09/11/2012-benghazi-attack-militiamen-storm-the-us-consulate-in-benghazi-reports-indicate-it-has-been-burned-down-and-looted-afp-reports-a-sour.md) _Context: rocket-propelled grenades_
10. [2011 Syrian uprising: Two rocket-propelled grenades hit the headquarters of Syria's ruling Ba'ath Party in Damascus amid ongoing anti-government protests. ](/news/2011/11/20/2011-syrian-uprising-two-rocket-propelled-grenades-hit-the-headquarters-of-syria-s-ruling-ba-ath-party-in-damascus-amid-ongoing-anti-govern.md) _Context: rocket-propelled grenades_
