### [2004-06-4](/news/2004/06/4/index.md)

#  The 15th anniversary of the crackdown of the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989 is marked in Hong Kong by a candlelight vigil. Police keep Tiananmen Square and other places in mainland China free of demonstrators. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/asia-pacific/3775463.stm)
2. [VOA](http://www.voanews.com/article.cfm?objectID=77B73ABF-032F-48D7-937FD19EBC740D99&title=Hong%20Kong%20Residents%20Hold%20Candlelight%20Vigil%20for%20Tiananmen%20Anniversary&catOID=45C9C78B-88AD-11D4-A57200A0CC5EE46C&categoryname=Asia%20Pacific)

### Related:

1. [ 150,000 people assemble in Hong Kong, China, to commemorate the 20th anniversary of the massacre in Tiananmen Square on June 4, 1989. ](/news/2009/06/4/150-000-people-assemble-in-hong-kong-china-to-commemorate-the-20th-anniversary-of-the-massacre-in-tiananmen-square-on-june-4-1989.md) _Context: Hong Kong, Tiananmen Square, Tiananmen Square protests of 1989_
2. [ Thousands of demonstrators gather in Hong Kong to commemorate the upcoming anniversary of the Tiananmen Square massacre of June 4, 1989. ](/news/2009/05/31/thousands-of-demonstrators-gather-in-hong-kong-to-commemorate-the-upcoming-anniversary-of-the-tiananmen-square-massacre-of-june-4-1989.md) _Context: Hong Kong, Tiananmen Square, Tiananmen Square protests of 1989_
3. [Hong Kong's June 4th Museum, the first museum dedicated to the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989, is to close down. Organizers say they believe they are being targeted for political reasons. It comes at a time when concerns are growing in Hong Kong that Beijing is tightening its grip on the city. ](/news/2016/04/14/hong-kong-s-june-4th-museum-the-first-museum-dedicated-to-the-tiananmen-square-protests-of-1989-is-to-close-down-organizers-say-they-beli.md) _Context: Hong Kong, Tiananmen Square protests of 1989_
4. [A book written by Chinese dissident Yu Jie critical of Premier Wen Jiabao goes on sale in Hong Kong, with threats of imprisonment from the mainland. ](/news/2010/08/16/a-book-written-by-chinese-dissident-yu-jie-critical-of-premier-wen-jiabao-goes-on-sale-in-hong-kong-with-threats-of-imprisonment-from-the-m.md) _Context: Hong Kong, mainland China_
5. [ China blocks access to such websites as Twitter, Flickr, and Hotmail, ahead of the anniversary of the massacre in Tiananmen Square on June 4, 1989. ](/news/2009/06/2/china-blocks-access-to-such-websites-as-twitter-flickr-and-hotmail-ahead-of-the-anniversary-of-the-massacre-in-tiananmen-square-on-june.md) _Context: Tiananmen Square, Tiananmen Square protests of 1989_
6. [ Chinese Communist Party General Secretary Zhao Ziyang's secret memoirs about the 1989 protests in Tiananmen Square are published. ](/news/2009/05/14/chinese-communist-party-general-secretary-zhao-ziyang-s-secret-memoirs-about-the-1989-protests-in-tiananmen-square-are-published.md) _Context: Tiananmen Square, Tiananmen Square protests of 1989_
7. [ 2005 Kuomintang visits to Mainland: a 70-member delegation led by Kuomintang chairman Lien Chan left Taipei for Nanjing via Hong Kong, launching Lien Chan's 8-day Taiwan Strait peace tour, also the first official visit by the highest leader of Kuomintang to Mainland China in 60 years. ](/news/2005/04/26/2005-kuomintang-visits-to-mainland-a-70-member-delegation-led-by-kuomintang-chairman-lien-chan-left-taipei-for-nanjing-via-hong-kong-laun.md) _Context: Hong Kong, mainland China_
8. [ Thousands of people in Hong Kong take to the streets to commemorate the 15th anniversary of the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989, and to protest Beijing's recent moves to limit their autonomy. ](/news/2004/05/30/thousands-of-people-in-hong-kong-take-to-the-streets-to-commemorate-the-15th-anniversary-of-the-tiananmen-square-protests-of-1989-and-to-p.md) _Context: Hong Kong, Tiananmen Square protests of 1989_
9. [ The Taiwan (ROC)'s pro-independence president, Chen Shui-bian, states that Taiwan may eventually reunify with Mainland China. Nonetheless, Chen rejects the People's Republic of China's "one country, two systems" formula which was applied to Hong Kong and Macau. This is a new step for Chen who, shortly after taking office in 2000, had said unification was just one option--comments widely seen as a push for independence for the island. ](/news/2004/02/16/the-taiwan-roc-s-pro-independence-president-chen-shui-bian-states-that-taiwan-may-eventually-reunify-with-mainland-china-nonetheless.md) _Context: Hong Kong, mainland China_
10. [The man who was convicted of breaking into mainland China cable television networks and broadcasting footage of the banned Falun Gong, an alleged cult, reportedly dies in prison. Pro-Falun Gong groups and the Hong Kong-based Information Centre for Human Rights and Democracy claim he was beaten to death.[http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/3356699.stm]](/news/2003/12/30/the-man-who-was-convicted-of-breaking-into-mainland-china-cable-television-networks-and-broadcasting-footage-of-the-banned-falun-gong-an-al.md) _Context: Hong Kong, mainland China_
