### [2007-08-14](/news/2007/08/14/index.md)

#  A pistol is recovered from the hand bag of a flight attendant of Pakistan International Airlines. 




### Related:

1. [A Pakistan International Airlines aircraft carrying at least 48 people, including former singer Junaid Jamshed, crashes shortly after taking off from Chitral, Pakistan. ](/news/2016/12/7/a-pakistan-international-airlines-aircraft-carrying-at-least-48-people-including-former-singer-junaid-jamshed-crashes-shortly-after-taking.md) _Context: Pakistan International Airlines_
2. [At least 1 killed and 2 injured as unidentified gunmen open fire on a Pakistan International Airlines aircraft at Bacha Khan International Airport in Peshawar, Pakistan. ](/news/2014/06/24/at-least-1-killed-and-2-injured-as-unidentified-gunmen-open-fire-on-a-pakistan-international-airlines-aircraft-at-bacha-khan-international-a.md) _Context: Pakistan International Airlines_
3. [Police arrest two men on suspicion of endangering an aircraft, after British fighter jets escort a Pakistan International Airlines passenger plane to London Stansted Airport. ](/news/2013/05/24/police-arrest-two-men-on-suspicion-of-endangering-an-aircraft-after-british-fighter-jets-escort-a-pakistan-international-airlines-passenger.md) _Context: Pakistan International Airlines_
4. [Australian airline Qantas announces plans to offer 350 flight attendants voluntary redundancies. ](/news/2011/06/3/australian-airline-qantas-announces-plans-to-offer-350-flight-attendants-voluntary-redundancies.md) _Context: flight attendant_
5. [Pakistan International Airlines Flight 782  departing from Toronto, Canada, for Karachi, Pakistan, carrying 273 passengers lands at Arlanda Airport in Stockholm, Sweden, due to a bomb threat.  A man is taken into custody by the Swedish National Task Force and then released. ](/news/2010/09/25/pakistan-international-airlines-flight-782-departing-from-toronto-canada-for-karachi-pakistan-carrying-273-passengers-lands-at-arlanda.md) _Context: Pakistan International Airlines_
6. [ Cabin crew at British Airways vote overwhelmingly in favour of a planned 12 days of strike action over Christmas and the New Year in a dispute over job cuts and changes to staff contracts. ](/news/2009/12/14/cabin-crew-at-british-airways-vote-overwhelmingly-in-favour-of-a-planned-12-days-of-strike-action-over-christmas-and-the-new-year-in-a-disp.md) _Context: flight attendant_
7. [ PIA Flight 688, a Pakistan International Airlines Fokker F-27 plane, crashes at Multan International Airport, killing all 45 passengers on board. ](/news/2006/07/10/pia-flight-688-a-pakistan-international-airlines-fokker-f-27-plane-crashes-at-multan-international-airport-killing-all-45-passengers-on.md) _Context: Pakistan International Airlines_
8. [Reginald Chua hijacks Philippine Airlines Flight 812, an Airbus A330-301 with 290 other people on board, just before landing at Ninoy Aquino International Airport near Manila, Philippines. He demands the passengers place their valuables in a bag, and then attempts to jump from the plane via the rear door using a homemade parachute, but panics and instead clings to the door; a male flight attendant then pushes him from the door and he falls from the plane over, Antipolo, Rizal. His body is found three days later near Llabac in Real, Quezon.](/news/2000/05/25/reginald-chua-hijacks-philippine-airlines-flight-812-an-airbus-a330-301-with-290-other-people-on-board-just-before-landing-at-ninoy-aquino.md) _Context: flight attendant_
