### [2007-08-14](/news/2007/08/14/index.md)

#  A tropical storm warning is issued for parts of Texas and Mexico following the formation of a tropical depression in the Gulf of Mexico. 




### Source:

1. [AP via the Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/worldlatest/story/0,,-6850738,00.html)

### Related:

1. [Tropical Storm Arlene, the first tropical storm of the 2011 Atlantic hurricane season, makes landfall near Cabo Rojo bringing heavy rain to Mexico and southern Texas. ](/news/2011/06/30/tropical-storm-arlene-the-first-tropical-storm-of-the-2011-atlantic-hurricane-season-makes-landfall-near-cabo-rojo-bringing-heavy-rain-to.md) _Context: Mexico, Texas, tropical storm_
2. [Hurricane Franklin, the Atlantic Ocean's first hurricane of the season, is set to hit Mexico's Gulf state of Veracruz tonight or tomorrow morning. The category 1 storm is expected to lose strength as it moves inland through the oil-producing state. ](/news/2017/08/9/hurricane-franklin-the-atlantic-ocean-s-first-hurricane-of-the-season-is-set-to-hit-mexico-s-gulf-state-of-veracruz-tonight-or-tomorrow-mo.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico, Mexico_
3. [At least 24 people are killed, 136 others injured, and eight workers still missing from yesterday's blast at the major Clorados 3 petrochemical plant of Petroquimica Mexicana de Vinilo. Nineteen people remain hospitalized, with 13 in serious condition. The plant is run by Mexichem under agreement with Petroleos Mexicanos (Pemex), the national petrochemical company, in Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz, Mexico, on the country's southern Gulf of Mexico coast. Pemex had an earlier fire at the same facility in February 2016 that killed one worker; also that month, an offshore Pemex Gulf platform fire killed two and injured eight. ](/news/2016/04/21/at-least-24-people-are-killed-136-others-injured-and-eight-workers-still-missing-from-yesterday-s-blast-at-the-major-clorados-3-petrochemi.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico, Mexico_
4. [Ethan Couch, the so-called "affluenza" teen who violated probation for killing four people when driving while intoxicated when he disappeared from Tarrant County, Texas, is taken into custody in Mexico. Mexican officials will remand Couch and his mother, with whom he fled, to the U.S. Marshals Service. ](/news/2015/12/29/ethan-couch-the-so-called-aaffluenzaa-teen-who-violated-probation-for-killing-four-people-when-driving-while-intoxicated-when-he-disapp.md) _Context: Mexico, Texas_
5. [London-based BP agrees, pending court approval, to pay $US18.7 billion to compensate the United States government and the five Gulf Coast states--Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas--for damages stemming from the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill. The settlement includes a civil penalty of $US5.5 billion under the Clean Water Act. ](/news/2015/07/2/london-based-bp-agrees-pending-court-approval-to-pay-us18-7-billion-to-compensate-the-united-states-government-and-the-five-gulf-coast-st.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico, Texas_
6. [Hurricane Carlos hits southwestern Mexico with heavy rain ahead of making landfall as a tropical storm later in the week. ](/news/2015/06/15/hurricane-carlos-hits-southwestern-mexico-with-heavy-rain-ahead-of-making-landfall-as-a-tropical-storm-later-in-the-week.md) _Context: Mexico, tropical storm_
7. [Dozens of people are rescued in the US state of Texas. The death toll from floods in Texas and Oklahoma has reached 24 dead with 13 missing with another 15 people dead from tornadoes in northern Mexico and Texas. ](/news/2015/05/29/dozens-of-people-are-rescued-in-the-us-state-of-texas-the-death-toll-from-floods-in-texas-and-oklahoma-has-reached-24-dead-with-13-missing.md) _Context: Mexico, Texas_
8. [The death toll from the recent storms in the American states of Texas and Oklahoma rises to 21 with 11 people missing. Fourteen more people have been killed in northern Mexico. ](/news/2015/05/28/the-death-toll-from-the-recent-storms-in-the-american-states-of-texas-and-oklahoma-rises-to-21-with-11-people-missing-fourteen-more-people.md) _Context: Mexico, Texas_
9. [Flames engulf a Mexican state-run Pemex oil platform in the Gulf of Mexico, killing four workers. ](/news/2015/04/1/flames-engulf-a-mexican-state-run-pemex-oil-platform-in-the-gulf-of-mexico-killing-four-workers.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico, Mexico_
10. [The Mexican police find 9 mutilated bodies inside a SUV with Texas license plates in the northern state of Tamaulipas, Mexico. ](/news/2013/04/2/the-mexican-police-find-9-mutilated-bodies-inside-a-suv-with-texas-license-plates-in-the-northern-state-of-tamaulipas-mexico.md) _Context: Mexico, Texas_
