### [2007-08-14](/news/2007/08/14/index.md)

#  Alan Ferguson, Liberal Party Senator for South Australia, is elected as the President of the Australian Senate. 

South Australian Liberal Senator Alan Ferguson has been elected as the new Senate President.


### Source:

1. [ABC](http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2007/08/14/2004743.htm)

### Related:

1. [Australians vote to elect a government for the next three years.  Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, leader of the conservative Liberal Party-led Coalition, dissolved both houses of Parliament in May in a bid for a Senate more friendly to his agenda. The final result showed the Coalition with a bare 1 seat majority in the House with 76 seats and the Australian Labor Party with 69 seats. ](/news/2016/07/2/australians-vote-to-elect-a-government-for-the-next-three-years-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-leader-of-the-conservative-liberal-party.md) _Context: Liberal Party, federal representation in Australia_
2. [Voters in the Australian states of Tasmania and South Australia go to the polls for state elections. The Liberal Party led by Will Hodgman have won government in the Tasmanian election while the South Australian election is too close to call. ](/news/2014/03/15/voters-in-the-australian-states-of-tasmania-and-south-australia-go-to-the-polls-for-state-elections-the-liberal-party-led-by-will-hodgman-h.md) _Context: Liberal Party, South Australia_
3. [ Paul Calvert announces his resignation as President of the Australian Senate and as a Senator for Tasmania effective from next week. ](/news/2007/08/7/paul-calvert-announces-his-resignation-as-president-of-the-australian-senate-and-as-a-senator-for-tasmania-effective-from-next-week.md) _Context: President of the Australian Senate, federal representation in Australia_
4. [South Australia finalizes a deal with Tesla, spearheaded by tweets originating from CEO of Tesla Elon Musk, to install a battery system in the state. Tesla said in a statement that upon completion by December 2017, the system would be the largest lithium-ion battery storage project in the world, overtaking an 80 megawatt-hour power station at Mira Loma in California also built using Tesla batteries. ](/news/2017/07/7/south-australia-finalizes-a-deal-with-tesla-spearheaded-by-tweets-originating-from-ceo-of-tesla-elon-musk-to-install-a-battery-system-in-t.md) _Context: South Australia_
5. [Two political parties with federal representation in Australia merge as the Australian Conservatives absorbs the Family First Party. ](/news/2017/04/26/two-political-parties-with-federal-representation-in-australia-merge-as-the-australian-conservatives-absorbs-the-family-first-party.md) _Context: federal representation in Australia_
6. [After eight years in power, the Liberal Party is defeated by the Labor Party in a landslide election. Mark McGowan is set to become the Australian state's new Premier. ](/news/2017/03/11/after-eight-years-in-power-the-liberal-party-is-defeated-by-the-labor-party-in-a-landslide-election-mark-mcgowan-is-set-to-become-the-aust.md) _Context: Liberal Party_
7. [Incumbent Australian Senator Cory Bernardi defects from the centre-right Liberal Party of Australia to establish his own minor party, the Australian Conservatives. ](/news/2017/02/7/incumbent-australian-senator-cory-bernardi-defects-from-the-centre-right-liberal-party-of-australia-to-establish-his-own-minor-party-the-au.md) _Context: Liberal Party_
8. [Two weeks after his initial announcement, Bob Day, leader of the Family First Party, confirms his immediate resignation from the Australian Senate due to the liquidation of his business. ](/news/2016/11/1/two-weeks-after-his-initial-announcement-bob-day-leader-of-the-family-first-party-confirms-his-immediate-resignation-from-the-australian.md) _Context: federal representation in Australia_
9. [The state of South Australia suffers widespread blackouts triggered by severe weather conditions. ](/news/2016/09/28/the-state-of-south-australia-suffers-widespread-blackouts-triggered-by-severe-weather-conditions.md) _Context: South Australia_
10. [The Leader of the Opposition, Bill Shorten, concedes defeat as continued counting in marginal seats indicates that the governing coalition of the Liberal Party and National Party will either win a narrow majority or be able to govern with the support of independents. Malcolm Turnbull will continue as Prime Minister of Australia and has claimed victory. ](/news/2016/07/10/the-leader-of-the-opposition-bill-shorten-concedes-defeat-as-continued-counting-in-marginal-seats-indicates-that-the-governing-coalition-o.md) _Context: Liberal Party_
