### [2009-01-16](/news/2009/01/16/index.md)

#  Palestinian medical sources report 1,010 people have died and 4,700 have been wounded during the conflict with Israel. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2009/WORLD/meast/01/14/israel.gaza/index.html)

### Related:

1. [ The Palestinian National Authority's Central Bureau of Statistics reports that 1,300 Palestinians were killed; 5,400 were injured; and US$1.9 billion in damage was caused during the 22-day conflict with Israel in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2009/01/19/the-palestinian-national-authority-s-central-bureau-of-statistics-reports-that-1-300-palestinians-were-killed-5-400-were-injured-and-us-1.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian National Authority, fire_
2. [Israel-Palestine relations. The Palestinian National Authority threatens to revoke its recognition of Israel (guaranteed by their signing of the Oslo I Accord in 1993) if the United States, under the presidency of Donald Trump, moves its Embassy in Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/01/10/israel-palestine-relations-the-palestinian-national-authority-threatens-to-revoke-its-recognition-of-israel-guaranteed-by-their-signing.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian National Authority_
3. [Israel-Palestine relations. The Palestinian Ministry of Foreign Affairs says Israel prevented Indonesian Foreign Minister Retno Marsudi from entering the West Bank to meet with Palestinian officials. The Israeli spokesman would not comment. Israel and Indonesia do not have formal diplomatic relations. ](/news/2016/03/13/israel-palestine-relations-the-palestinian-ministry-of-foreign-affairs-says-israel-prevented-indonesian-foreign-minister-retno-marsudi-fr.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian National Authority_
4. [Israel announces that it will transfer the bodies of 84 Palestinian militants to the Palestinian Authority, apparently as a diplomatic gesture to the Palestinians ahead of Ramadan. ](/news/2011/07/4/israel-announces-that-it-will-transfer-the-bodies-of-84-palestinian-militants-to-the-palestinian-authority-apparently-as-a-diplomatic-gestu.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian National Authority_
5. [Israel withholds 300 million NIS ($89 million) in tax and customs revenue collected on behalf of the Palestinians to the Palestinian Authority after Fatah and Hamas agree a unity deal intended to lead to a transitional government and fresh elections. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu expresses his disregard for the agreement. ](/news/2011/05/1/israel-withholds-300-million-nis-89-million-in-tax-and-customs-revenue-collected-on-behalf-of-the-palestinians-to-the-palestinian-authori.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian National Authority_
6. [The Palestinian National Authority states it will seek United Nations recognition through both the Security Council and the General Assembly in September. It is currently lobbying nations for recognition during the stalled peace talks with Israel. ](/news/2011/01/11/the-palestinian-national-authority-states-it-will-seek-united-nations-recognition-through-both-the-security-council-and-the-general-assembly.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian National Authority_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas says Middle East peace talks are in crisis following Israel's refusal to stop building in settlements. ](/news/2010/12/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-leader-mahmoud-abbas-says-middle-east-peace-talks-are-in-crisis-following-israel-s-refusal-to-s.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian National Authority_
8. [Arab League leaders meeting in Libya announce their support for Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas's decision to stop peace talks with Israel over Israel's recently expired moratorium on construction in the West Bank. ](/news/2010/10/8/arab-league-leaders-meeting-in-libya-announce-their-support-for-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-s-decision-to-stop-peace-talks.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian National Authority_
9. [Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas tells that peace negotiations will not continue until Israel makes a new settlement freeze on the West Bank, ending the current Israel-Palestine peace negotiations after just one month, though maintaining contacts with the United States. ](/news/2010/10/2/palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-tells-that-peace-negotiations-will-not-continue-until-israel-makes-a-new-settlement-freeze-on-the-west-b.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian National Authority_
10. [The body of a Palestinian teenager said to have been shot dead by Jewish settlers is found. He is the first to die since Israel and the Palestinian National Authority began indirect peace talks on Saturday. In a retaliation shooting, the Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades claims responsibility for firing on a car of Jewish civilians in the West Bank. ](/news/2010/05/14/the-body-of-a-palestinian-teenager-said-to-have-been-shot-dead-by-jewish-settlers-is-found-he-is-the-first-to-die-since-israel-and-the-pale.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian National Authority_
