### [2009-01-16](/news/2009/01/16/index.md)

#  The trial of two accused murderers of Meredith Kercher begins in Perugia, Italy. 




### Source:

1. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/skynews/Home/World-News/Meredith-Kercher-Murder-Trial-Starts-Amanda-Knox-And-Raffaele-Sollecito-In-Dock-In-Perugia-Italy/Article/200901315204679?lpos=World_News_Top_Stories_Header_4&lid=ARTICLE_15204679_Meredith_Kercher_Murder_Trial_Starts%3A_Amanda_Knox_And_Raffaele_Sollecito_In_Dock_In_Perugia%2C_Italy)

### Related:

1. [ An Italian jury finds Amanda Knox and Raffaele Sollecito guilty in the case of the 2007 murder of Meredith Kercher in Perugia. Knox is sentenced to 26 years in prison, Sollecito to 25. ](/news/2009/12/4/an-italian-jury-finds-amanda-knox-and-raffaele-sollecito-guilty-in-the-case-of-the-2007-murder-of-meredith-kercher-in-perugia-knox-is-sent.md) _Context: Italian, Perugia, killing Meredith Kercher_
2. [The Congolese bar owner whom Amanda Knox falsely accused of killing Meredith Kercher criticises a lack of justice in the surprise decision by Italy to quash her conviction yesterday, citing diplomatic pressure coupled with Knox's wealth and status as American, as opposed to his being African. ](/news/2015/03/28/the-congolese-bar-owner-whom-amanda-knox-falsely-accused-of-killing-meredith-kercher-criticises-a-lack-of-justice-in-the-surprise-decision-b.md) _Context: Italian, killing Meredith Kercher_
3. [Italy's highest court acquits American Amanda Knox and Italian Raffaele Sollecito of the murder of Briton Meredith Kercher. ](/news/2015/03/27/italy-s-highest-court-acquits-american-amanda-knox-and-italian-raffaele-sollecito-of-the-murder-of-briton-meredith-kercher.md) _Context: Italian, killing Meredith Kercher_
4. [Raffaele Sollecito is arrested in Italy near the Austrian border after again being found guilty of the murder of Meredith Kercher. ](/news/2014/01/31/raffaele-sollecito-is-arrested-in-italy-near-the-austrian-border-after-again-being-found-guilty-of-the-murder-of-meredith-kercher.md) _Context: Italian, killing Meredith Kercher_
5. [Italy's Court of Cassation overturns the acquittals of Amanda Knox and Raffaele Sollecito in the murder of Meredith Kercher and orders a retrial. However, Knox, who returned home immediately upon release, is not expected to be there as the U.S. tends not to extradite its citizens to face legal action. ](/news/2013/03/26/italy-s-court-of-cassation-overturns-the-acquittals-of-amanda-knox-and-raffaele-sollecito-in-the-murder-of-meredith-kercher-and-orders-a-ret.md) _Context: Italian, killing Meredith Kercher_
6. [ Italian police arrest three Moroccans and accuse them of running a small "terror school" in a small mosque near Perugia. ](/news/2007/07/21/italian-police-arrest-three-moroccans-and-accuse-them-of-running-a-small-terror-school-in-a-small-mosque-near-perugia.md) _Context: Italian, Perugia_
7. [A five-story apartment block collapses in the town of Torre Annunziata near the Italian city of Naples, with six or seven people trapped inside. So far, three have been found dead. ](/news/2017/07/7/a-five-story-apartment-block-collapses-in-the-town-of-torre-annunziata-near-the-italian-city-of-naples-with-six-or-seven-people-trapped-ins.md) _Context: Italian_
8. [France nationalises the STX Europe-owned Chantiers de l'Atlantique shipyard in Saint-Nazaire, Pays de la Loire, to prevent Italian shipbuilding firm Fincantieri taking majority control. Italian Minister of Economy and Finances Pier Carlo Padoan calls the French decision to nationalise the shipyard "grave and incomprehensible". ](/news/2017/07/27/france-nationalises-the-stx-europe-owned-chantiers-de-l-atlantique-shipyard-in-saint-nazaire-pays-de-la-loire-to-prevent-italian-shipbuild.md) _Context: Italian_
9. [Wildfires devastate the Italian provinces of Messina, Naples, Enna and Rome. The Vesuvius National Park is reportedly completely destroyed by flames and ash. Italian police claim the fires are the work of arsonists. ](/news/2017/07/12/wildfires-devastate-the-italian-provinces-of-messina-naples-enna-and-rome-the-vesuvius-national-park-is-reportedly-completely-destroyed-b.md) _Context: Italian_
10. [Italian rock singer Vasco Rossi broke the world record of biggest ticketed concert with 220,000 paying guests hosted at Enzo Ferrari Park in Modena, Italy. (Previous record belonged to a-Ha with 198,000 paying guests, set in 1991 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) ](/news/2017/07/1/italian-rock-singer-vasco-rossi-broke-the-world-record-of-biggest-ticketed-concert-with-220-000-paying-guests-hosted-at-enzo-ferrari-park-in.md) _Context: Italian_
