### [2011-09-5](/news/2011/09/5/index.md)

# A mosque in the Palestinian village of Kasra, north of Jerusalem, is attacked overnight, residents say. 

Israeli police investigate a fire and graffiti attack on a mosque in the Palestinian village of Kasra, north of Jerusalem.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-14786172)

### Related:

1. [Israel destroys the homes of three Palestinian terrorists. Rassen and Udai abu-Jamal who committed the 2014 Jerusalem synagogue attack and Moatez Hijazi who committed the excavator rampage in Jerusalem during the 2014 Israel-Gaza conflict. ](/news/2015/10/6/israel-destroys-the-homes-of-three-palestinian-terrorists-rassen-and-udai-abu-jamal-who-committed-the-2014-jerusalem-synagogue-attack-and-m.md) _Context: Jerusalem, Palestinian_
2. [Israel deploys an extra 800 Israeli police officers as Palestinians call for a "day of rage" protests in Jerusalem over entry restrictions to Al-Aqsa mosque. A police vehicle in Jerusalem was attacked with assault rifle fire. ](/news/2015/09/18/israel-deploys-an-extra-800-israeli-police-officers-as-palestinians-call-for-a-day-of-rage-protests-in-jerusalem-over-entry-restrictions-t.md) _Context: Jerusalem, Palestinian_
3. [Israeli police engage Palestinian protesters with tear gas and stun grenades near Jerusalem's Al-Aqsa Mosque in response to reports of planned incidents ahead of Rosh Hashanah, the Jewish New Year. Protesters throw fireworks and small explosive devices from inside the Mosque. ](/news/2015/09/13/israeli-police-engage-palestinian-protesters-with-tear-gas-and-stun-grenades-near-jerusalem-s-al-aqsa-mosque-in-response-to-reports-of-plann.md) _Context: Jerusalem, Palestinian_
4. [Israel revokes permits for 500 Palestinians from the Gaza Strip to enter Jerusalem for Friday prayers following a rocket attack on southern Israel. ](/news/2015/06/24/israel-revokes-permits-for-500-palestinians-from-the-gaza-strip-to-enter-jerusalem-for-friday-prayers-following-a-rocket-attack-on-southern.md) _Context: Jerusalem, Palestinian_
5. [3 police officers are injured in Jerusalem as Israeli riot police and Palestinian protesters clash before a Jewish festival. ](/news/2014/10/15/3-police-officers-are-injured-in-jerusalem-as-israeli-riot-police-and-palestinian-protesters-clash-before-a-jewish-festival.md) _Context: Jerusalem, Palestinian_
6. [A Jewish Israeli man is shot dead near Jerusalem's Western Wall after a guard mistakes him for a Palestinian militant after hearing him shout "Allahu Akbar". ](/news/2013/06/21/a-jewish-israeli-man-is-shot-dead-near-jerusalem-s-western-wall-after-a-guard-mistakes-him-for-a-palestinian-militant-after-hearing-him-shou.md) _Context: Jerusalem, Palestinian_
7. [ The Israel Police kill a Palestinian militant after he rammed a bulldozer into a squad car and a bus in a suspected terror attack in Jerusalem. ](/news/2009/03/5/the-israel-police-kill-a-palestinian-militant-after-he-rammed-a-bulldozer-into-a-squad-car-and-a-bus-in-a-suspected-terror-attack-in-jerusa.md) _Context: Jerusalem, Palestinian_
8. [ In an incident similar to the one that occurred on July 2, a Palestinian man drives a backhoe into two vehicles in Jerusalem, injuring 16, before being shot dead. ](/news/2008/07/22/in-an-incident-similar-to-the-one-that-occurred-on-july-2-a-palestinian-man-drives-a-backhoe-into-two-vehicles-in-jerusalem-injuring-16.md) _Context: Jerusalem, Palestinian_
9. [ A Palestinian sniper opens fire on highway 443 near Jerusalem, killing one person and wounding four. All victims are Palestinians living in Jerusalem. ](/news/2006/06/12/a-palestinian-sniper-opens-fire-on-highway-443-near-jerusalem-killing-one-person-and-wounding-four-all-victims-are-palestinians-living-in.md) _Context: Jerusalem, Palestinian_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli troops, who are still in the process of withdrawing from Gaza, shoot dead a Palestinian teenager as he and about 50 others breach a fence around the evacuated Israeli settlement of Gush Katif and climbed atop of IDF tanks. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220914.stm (BBC)] [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/621804.html (Haaretz)] The Israeli Minister for Education, Limor Livnat, has called on her government to expand Israeli settlements in the West Bank as "dividend" of the pullout of the Gaza Strip. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220300.stm (BBC)], [http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13718&Itemid=1 (IMEMC)] The Israeli Housing Minister, Isaac Herzog, told Israel Radio that Israel does not intend to construct in E1 the area between the Maale Adumim Israeli settlement and Jerusalem in the coming years, adding that Israeli government statements to the contrary were part of the "internal conflict" at the Likud party. ([http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13724&Itemid=1 IMEMC])](/news/2005/09/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-israeli-troops-who-are-still-in-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-gaza-shoot-dead-a-palestinian-teenager-as.md) _Context: Jerusalem, Palestinian_
