### [2011-09-5](/news/2011/09/5/index.md)

# The trial of former French President Jacques Chirac on embezzlement charges begins in Paris. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via France 24](http://www.france24.com/en/20110905-jacques-chirac-graft-corruption-ump-trial?ns_campaign=nl_quot_en&amp;ns_mchannel=email_marketing&amp;ns_source=NLQ_20110905&amp;f24_member_id=&amp;ns_linkname=node_5240731&amp;ns_fee=0)

### Related:

1. [Former President of France Jacques Chirac is found guilty of embezzlement and violating trust due to his hiring members of his party to fill non-existent jobs while Mayor of Paris. ](/news/2011/12/15/former-president-of-france-jacques-chirac-is-found-guilty-of-embezzlement-and-violating-trust-due-to-his-hiring-members-of-his-party-to-fill.md) _Context: Jacques Chirac, President of France, embezzlement_
2. [Former President of France Jacques Chirac faces charges that related to alleged use of Paris city government resources to benefit his Rally for the Republic party while serving as Mayor of Paris. ](/news/2011/03/7/former-president-of-france-jacques-chirac-faces-charges-that-related-to-alleged-use-of-paris-city-government-resources-to-benefit-his-rally.md) _Context: Jacques Chirac, Paris, President of France_
3. [ Former President of France Jacques Chirac is probed by a judge for alleged embezzlement of public funds when he was Mayor of Paris. ](/news/2007/11/21/former-president-of-france-jacques-chirac-is-probed-by-a-judge-for-alleged-embezzlement-of-public-funds-when-he-was-mayor-of-paris.md) _Context: Jacques Chirac, President of France, embezzlement_
4. [One policeman has been killed and another has been critically injured after a man opened fire at police officers at the Champs-Elysees in central Paris. The gunman was killed while attempting to escape, and a bystander has been injured. ISIL claims responsibility for the attack although the claim is doubted. The President of France Francois Hollande says that all leads indicate that the attack was of a "terrorist nature". ](/news/2017/04/20/one-policeman-has-been-killed-and-another-has-been-critically-injured-after-a-man-opened-fire-at-police-officers-at-the-champs-alysa-c-es-in.md) _Context: Paris, President of France_
5. [With most of the votes counted, the opposition conservatives of former president Nicolas Sarkozy's party win in six of the country's 13  regions and lead in the Paris region. The ruling Socialists of President Francois Hollande's  party capture five regions. The winner in Corsica is not affiliated with a major party. France's far-right National Front (FN) fails to win a single region but did record its best showing in its history. Voter turnout was 58 percent. Definitive results are expected Monday. ](/news/2015/12/13/with-most-of-the-votes-counted-the-opposition-conservatives-of-former-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-party-win-in-six-of-the-countryas-13-r.md) _Context: Paris, President of France_
6. [Authorities search for Belgium-born French national Salah Abdeslam, one of three brothers suspected of involvement in the attacks. Raids are reported to have taken place in Grenoble, Toulouse, Jeumont and the Paris suburb of Bobigny. This contradicts previously published official information that all the perpetrators of the attacks were dead. ](/news/2015/11/16/authorities-search-for-belgium-born-french-national-salah-abdeslam-one-of-three-brothers-suspected-of-involvement-in-the-attacks-raids-are.md) _Context: French-born, Paris_
7. [The President of France Francois Hollande warns that France "will not tolerate" acts that threaten its security following claims by Wikileaks that the United States spied on him and his two predecessors Nicolas Sarkozy and Jacques Chirac between 2006 and 2012. ](/news/2015/06/24/the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-warns-that-france-will-not-tolerate-acts-that-threaten-its-security-following-claims-by-wikilea.md) _Context: Jacques Chirac, President of France_
8. [French Left wing activist Clement Meric dies after being attacked on Wednesday in Paris shopping district by a group of far-right skinheads. ](/news/2013/06/6/french-left-wing-activist-clement-meric-dies-after-being-attacked-on-wednesday-in-paris-shopping-district-by-a-group-of-far-right-skinheads.md) _Context: French-born, Paris_
9. [The French National Assembly passes an amended bill legalizing same-sex marriage, paving the way for President Francois Hollande to promulgate it. ](/news/2013/04/23/the-french-national-assembly-passes-an-amended-bill-legalizing-same-sex-marriage-paving-the-way-for-president-franassois-hollande-to-promulg.md) _Context: French-born, President of France_
10. [A French Appeals Court clears former Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin of charges of involvement in a smear campaign against current President Nicolas Sarkozy. ](/news/2011/09/14/a-french-appeals-court-clears-former-prime-minister-dominique-de-villepin-of-charges-of-involvement-in-a-smear-campaign-against-current-pres.md) _Context: French-born, President of France_
