### [2013-03-6](/news/2013/03/6/index.md)

# Italy's Juventus and France's Paris Saint-Germain reach 2012-13 UEFA Champions League quarter-finals defeating Celtic and Valencia respectively. 

Juventus avoided any slip-ups against Celtic, cruising to an easy 2-0 win Wednesday to seal a spot in the Champions League quarter-finals, while Ezequiel Lavezzi scored the equalizer as Paris Saint-Germain drew 1-1 with Valencia to reach quarters for the first time since 1995.


### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/sports/soccer/story/2013/03/06/sp-soccer-champions-league-juventus-celtic-psg-valencia.html)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2013/03/06/sport/football/football-juventus-psg-celtic-valencia)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/03/06/uk-soccer-champions-idUKBRE9251JX20130306)

### Related:

1. [In the 2012-13 UEFA Champions League quarter-finals, Paris Saint-Germain secures a 2-2 draw against Barcelona while Bayern Munich beats Juventus 2-0. ](/news/2013/04/2/in-the-2012a13-uefa-champions-league-quarter-finals-paris-saint-germain-secures-a-2a2-draw-against-barcelona-while-bayern-munich-beats.md) _Context: 2012–13 UEFA Champions League, Juventus, Paris Saint-Germain F.C._
2. [Spain's Barcelona and Germany's Bayern Munich reach 2012-13 UEFA Champions League semi-finals defeating Paris Saint-Germain and Juventus respectively. ](/news/2013/04/10/spain-s-barcelona-and-germany-s-bayern-munich-reach-2012a13-uefa-champions-league-semi-finals-defeating-paris-saint-germain-and-juventus-r.md) _Context: 2012–13 UEFA Champions League, Juventus, Paris Saint-Germain F.C._
3. [Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-berlin-to-discuss-the-consequences-of-the-united-kin.md) _Context: France, Italian_
4. [Twelve Portuguese nationals,  who were residents of Fribourg, Switzerland, are killed in a head-on collision  between their minibus and a truck, on a highway 300 kilometers (185 miles) south of Paris, France. The only survivor from the bus is the driver; the two Italian occupants of the truck are slightly injured. ](/news/2016/03/25/twelve-portuguese-nationals-who-were-residents-of-fribourg-switzerland-are-killed-in-a-head-on-collision-between-their-minibus-and-a-tr.md) _Context: France, Italian_
5. [A Catalan official says the 13 exchange students killed in Sunday's accident were 19-to-25-year-old women,  seven from Italy, two Germans, an Austrian, a woman from France, a Romanian and an Uzbek. Twenty-four people are  being treated in hospital with one student in critical condition, and six people, including the driver, in serious condition. Reports from officials indicate the driver lost control of the coach and crashed to the other side before running into an oncoming car. The bus driver, who passed alcohol and drug tests, is being investigated for possible negligent homicide as police seek to determine the cause of the crash. ](/news/2016/03/21/a-catalan-official-says-the-13-exchange-students-killed-in-sunday-s-accident-were-19-to-25-year-old-women-seven-from-italy-two-germans-a.md) _Context: France, Italian_
6. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: France, Italian_
7. [The Vatican  is replacing Italian Archbishop Carlo Maria Vigano,  the Apostolic Nuncio to the U.S., with French-born Archbishop Christophe Pierre, currently the Apostolic Nuncio to Mexico.  Vigano, who is 75, the statutory retirement age, in 2015 arranged the unexpected  meeting between   Pope Francis and controversial Kentucky clerk Kim Davis, who refused to follow her state's law on same-sex marriage. ](/news/2016/03/17/the-vatican-is-replacing-italian-archbishop-carlo-maria-vigana2-the-apostolic-nuncio-to-the-u-s-with-french-born-archbishop-christophe.md) _Context: France, Italian_
8. [A newly released ISIS video threatens attacks on the White House in the U.S., monuments in France, U.S. President Obama, French President Francois Hollande, and targets in Italy. ](/news/2015/11/20/a-newly-released-isis-video-threatens-attacks-on-the-white-house-in-the-u-s-monuments-in-france-u-s-president-obama-french-president-fr.md) _Context: France, Italian_
9. [Dozens of migrants who were refused entry to France go on hunger strike at the border crossing in the Italian town of Ventimiglia. ](/news/2015/06/13/dozens-of-migrants-who-were-refused-entry-to-france-go-on-hunger-strike-at-the-border-crossing-in-the-italian-town-of-ventimiglia.md) _Context: France, Italian_
10. [NSA spying scandalBolivian president Evo Morales calls the Eurozone for a violation of international law and threatens to close down the U.S. embassy in Bolivia after the episode of having his official airplane being refused to land ''en route'' to Vienna, amid suspicions of having former NSA employee Edward Snowden on board. Ambassadors of France, Italy, Spain and Portugal are summoned to give full explanations.](/news/2013/07/5/nsa-spying-scandalpbolivian-president-evo-morales-calls-the-eurozone-for-a-violation-of-international-law-and-threatens-to-close-down-the-u.md) _Context: France, Italian_
