### [2013-03-6](/news/2013/03/6/index.md)

# War in Somalia:: The United Nations Security Council adopts Resolution 2093 that partially lifts a decades-old arms embargo on Somalia for one year, allowing the government in Mogadishu to buy weapons to strengthen its security forces to fight al-Qaeda linked Islamists. 

The U.N. Security Council agreed on Wednesday to partially lift a decades-old arms embargo on Somalia for one year, allowing the government in Mogadishu to buy light weapons to strengthen its security forces to fight al Qaeda-linked Islamists.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/03/06/us-somalia-arms-un-idUSBRE92514A20130306)

### Related:

1. [War in Somalia (2009-present):: Nineteen people are killed in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, in suicide bombings and firefights between Al-Shabaab militants and government forces. ](/news/2013/05/8/war-in-somalia-2009-present-nineteen-people-are-killed-in-the-somali-capital-mogadishu-in-suicide-bombings-and-firefights-between-al.md) _Context: Mogadishu, Somali forces, Somalia, War in Somalia (2009-present)_
2. [War in Somalia (2009-present): A United States Navy SEAL is killed, becoming the first U.S. service member killed in Somalia since 1993, and three others are injured in a gunfight with al-Shabaab militants, west of Mogadishu. ](/news/2017/05/6/war-in-somalia-2009-present-a-united-states-navy-seal-is-killed-becoming-the-first-u-s-service-member-killed-in-somalia-since-1993-a.md) _Context: Mogadishu, Somalia, War in Somalia (2009-present)_
3. [War in Somalia (2009-present): The United States is to deploy troops to Somalia for the first time since 1994 to help train the Somali Armed Forces in their conflict with al-Shabaab insurgents. ](/news/2017/04/14/war-in-somalia-2009-present-the-united-states-is-to-deploy-troops-to-somalia-for-the-first-time-since-1994-to-help-train-the-somali-arm.md) _Context: Somali forces, Somalia, War in Somalia (2009-present)_
4. [War in Somalia (2009-present): A suicide bomber attacks a military training camp in Mogadishu, killing at least nine soldiers. Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/04/10/war-in-somalia-2009-present-a-suicide-bomber-attacks-a-military-training-camp-in-mogadishu-killing-at-least-nine-soldiers-al-shabaab.md) _Context: Mogadishu, Somali forces, War in Somalia (2009-present)_
5. [War in Somalia (2009-present): A car bomb explodes near a checkpoint outside Mogadishu, wounding at least four Somali soldiers. ](/news/2017/02/27/war-in-somalia-2009-present-a-car-bomb-explodes-near-a-checkpoint-outside-mogadishu-wounding-at-least-four-somali-soldiers.md) _Context: Mogadishu, Somali forces, War in Somalia (2009-present)_
6. [War in Somalia (2009-present): At least 16 people are killed and 55 injured in an attack on a hotel in Mogadishu, Somalia. Al-Shabaab claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/06/1/war-in-somalia-2009-present-at-least-16-people-are-killed-and-55-injured-in-an-attack-on-a-hotel-in-mogadishu-somalia-al-shabaab-clai.md) _Context: Mogadishu, Somalia, War in Somalia (2009-present)_
7. [War in Somalia (2009-present): AMISOM soldiers kill four Somali civilians in the town of Bulla Marer, southwest of Mogadishu. The AU Mission said scared soldiers opened fire when the car the civilians were driving failed to stop at a roadblock. ](/news/2016/04/16/war-in-somalia-2009-present-amisom-soldiers-kill-four-somali-civilians-in-the-town-of-bulla-marer-southwest-of-mogadishu-the-au-missi.md) _Context: Mogadishu, Somalia, War in Somalia (2009-present)_
8. [War in Somalia (2009-present): At least five people are killed and seven are wounded following a car bomb attack near a government building in Somalia's capital, Mogadishu. Al-Shabaab claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/04/11/war-in-somalia-2009-present-at-least-five-people-are-killed-and-seven-are-wounded-following-a-car-bomb-attack-near-a-government-buildin.md) _Context: Mogadishu, Somalia, War in Somalia (2009-present)_
9. [Somali Civil War: A car bomb outside a shopping mall in the Somali capital Mogadishu kills at least three and injures at least eight. The al Qaeda-linked Al Shabaab claim responsibility. ](/news/2015/12/19/somali-civil-war-a-car-bomb-outside-a-shopping-mall-in-the-somali-capital-mogadishu-kills-at-least-three-and-injures-at-least-eight-the-al.md) _Context: Mogadishu, Somalia, al-Qaeda_
10. [War in Somalia (2009-present): A car bomb in Somalia kills at least six people at the gates of the presidential palace in Mogadishu. ](/news/2015/09/21/war-in-somalia-2009-present-a-car-bomb-in-somalia-kills-at-least-six-people-at-the-gates-of-the-presidential-palace-in-mogadishu.md) _Context: Mogadishu, Somalia, War in Somalia (2009-present)_
