### [2015-07-9](/news/2015/07/9/index.md)

# The Thai consulate in Istanbul is attacked by Turkish protestors after about a hundred Uighurs were deported by Thailand back to China despite concerns over persecution.  

Turkish police fire pepper spray at pro-Uighur demonstrators outside the Chinese embassy in Ankara, hours after violence hit the Thai consulate.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-33457401)

### Related:

1. [Several hundred Turkish people protest China's treatment of Uyghurs and burn Chinese flags at the Chinese consulate in Istanbul. ](/news/2015/07/5/several-hundred-turkish-people-protest-china-s-treatment-of-uyghurs-and-burn-chinese-flags-at-the-chinese-consulate-in-istanbul.md) _Context: China, Istanbul, Turkish_
2. [At a United Nations-Oceans summit, delegates from China, Indonesia, the Philippines and Thailand, four of the top polluters of plastic into the oceans, pledge to reduce their levels of oceanic plastic pollution. ](/news/2017/06/8/at-a-united-nations-oceans-summit-delegates-from-china-indonesia-the-philippines-and-thailand-four-of-the-top-polluters-of-plastic-into.md) _Context: China, Thailand_
3. [''Philippines v. China''The Philippines asks the International Court of Arbitration at The Hague to invalidate China's claims to virtually all of the South China Sea. The hearing was attended by observers from Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, Thailand, and Vietnam. ](/news/2015/07/9/philippines-v-china-pthe-philippines-asks-the-international-court-of-arbitration-at-the-hague-to-invalidate-china-s-claims-to-virtually.md) _Context: China, Thailand_
4. [The United States State Department criticizes Thailand for deporting ethnic Uyghur back to China. The predominantly Uyghur Xinjiang province is the site of an ongoing political and religious crackdown in response to a wave of Muslim terrorist attacks in China. ](/news/2015/07/10/the-united-states-state-department-criticizes-thailand-for-deporting-ethnic-uyghur-back-to-china-the-predominantly-uyghur-xinjiang-province.md) _Context: China, Thailand_
5. [The People's Republic of China claims that the Golden Triangle regions of Laos, Myanmar and Thailand are the source of most of its imports of heroin and methamphetamine. The region has been known for drug cultivation for centuries. ](/news/2015/06/24/the-people-s-republic-of-china-claims-that-the-golden-triangle-regions-of-laos-myanmar-and-thailand-are-the-source-of-most-of-its-imports-o.md) _Context: China, Thailand_
6. [A suicide bomber kills herself and a policeman in an attack on a police station in a popular tourist district in the Turkish city of Istanbul. ](/news/2015/01/6/a-suicide-bomber-kills-herself-and-a-policeman-in-an-attack-on-a-police-station-in-a-popular-tourist-district-in-the-turkish-city-of-istanbu.md) _Context: Istanbul, Turkish_
7. [ The trial over the murder of Turkish-Armenian journalist Hrant Dink opens in Istanbul, Turkey. ](/news/2007/07/2/the-trial-over-the-murder-of-turkish-armenian-journalist-hrant-dink-opens-in-istanbul-turkey.md) _Context: Istanbul, Turkish_
8. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: China_
9. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: China_
10. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: China_
