### [2012-09-6](/news/2012/09/6/index.md)

# Syrian civil war:Vladimir Putin urges the Western and Arab world to review their position. He asks to end the violence first, then sit around the table and only then move on to "these practical steps about the internal organisation of the country itself". 




### Source:

1. [Star Africa](http://www.starafrica.com/en/news/detail-news/view/putin-urges-west-rethink-on-syria-as-bat-251427.html)
2. [Trust.org](http://www.trust.org/alertnet/news/syrian-conflict-forces-research-institute-to-relocate)

### Related:

1. [Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ceasefire-is-said-to.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Vladimir Putin_
2. [Russian President Vladimir Putin confirms that Russia is providing military aid in Syrian Civil War in support of the Bashar al-Assad regime and is providing heavy weapons, aircraft, tanks, serious training and logistical support to the Syrian Army. ](/news/2015/09/4/russian-president-vladimir-putin-confirms-that-russia-is-providing-military-aid-in-syrian-civil-war-in-support-of-the-bashar-al-assad-regime.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Vladimir Putin_
3. [Syrian Civil War:Hezbollah leader, Hassan Nasrallah, calls on other sectarian forces in the Arab world to withdraw from Syria, saying that if they did so, Hezbollah would also "not remain in Syria either." ](/news/2014/02/16/syrian-civil-war-phezbollah-leader-hassan-nasrallah-calls-on-other-sectarian-forces-in-the-arab-world-to-withdraw-from-syria-saying-that.md) _Context: Arab world, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian Civil War:Western and Arab countries pledge to give an additional US$1.4 billion for United Nations aid. ](/news/2014/01/15/syrian-civil-war-pwestern-and-arab-countries-pledge-to-give-an-additional-us-1-4-billion-for-united-nations-aid.md) _Context: Arab world, Syrian Civil War, Westerners_
5. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
6. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
7. [United States aircraft bomb a convoy belonging to the Syrian pro-government militia within a so-called "deconfliction zone" around Al-Tanf. ](/news/2017/05/18/united-states-aircraft-bomb-a-convoy-belonging-to-the-syrian-pro-government-militia-within-a-so-called-deconfliction-zone-around-al-tanf.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Israeli Minister of Construction Yoav Galant states that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should be assassinated.  Yesterday, the United States Department of State accused the al-Assad government of using a crematory at Sednaya Prison to cover up the mass murders of thousands of political prisoners. The Syrian government denies the accusations. ](/news/2017/05/16/israeli-minister-of-construction-yoav-galant-states-that-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-should-be-assassinated-yesterday-the-united-sta.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
9. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a large explosion near Damascus International Airport followed by a fire. The Syrian government says Israel struck the military site with several missiles. Israeli Intelligence Minister Yisrael Katz states that the strike "corresponds completely with Israel's policy". ](/news/2017/04/27/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-large-explosion-near-damascus-international-airport-followed-by-a-fire-the-syrian-governm.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
10. [According to the Russian Defence Ministry, two of its soldiers have been killed by a mortar attack in Syria while another was wounded. The ministry did not specify when or where the attack occurred. ](/news/2017/04/11/according-to-the-russian-defence-ministry-two-of-its-soldiers-have-been-killed-by-a-mortar-attack-in-syria-while-another-was-wounded-the-m.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
