### [2012-09-6](/news/2012/09/6/index.md)

# United States President Barack Obama accepts his party's nomination as candidate for the 2012 presidential election at the Democratic National Convention. 

President Obama will accept the Democratic nomination for a second term inside the Time Warner Cable Arena here facing a wave of discouraging economic data, a potential bombshell of an August jobs report expected Friday, and a lingering longing for the spirit of the 2008 convention and the promise...


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/OTUS/president-obama-accept-nomination-tonight-democratic-national-convention/story?id=17164822)
2. [CNN](http://politicslive.cnn.com/Event/2012_Conventions_live_blog?hpt=hp_t1)

### Related:

1. [Democrats in the United States Senate block passage of a fast-track for the Trans-Pacific Partnership sought by President Barack Obama. ](/news/2015/05/12/democrats-in-the-united-states-senate-block-passage-of-a-fast-track-for-the-trans-pacific-partnership-sought-by-president-barack-obama.md) _Context: Barack Obama, D_
2. [The United States Congress officially declares President Barack Obama the winner of the 2012 presidential election. ](/news/2013/01/4/the-united-states-congress-officially-declares-president-barack-obama-the-winner-of-the-2012-presidential-election.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States presidential election, 2012_
3. [U.S. President Barack Obama spent more than an hour with Mitt Romney at the White House, as the one-time rivals shared lunch and discussed their ideas for the first time since the 2012 election. ](/news/2012/11/29/u-s-president-barack-obama-spent-more-than-an-hour-with-mitt-romney-at-the-white-house-as-the-one-time-rivals-shared-lunch-and-discussed-t.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States presidential election, 2012_
4. [Four third-party U.S. presidential election candidates&mdash;representing the Libertarian, Green, Constitution, and Justice parties, who were excluded from the high-profile televised encounters between Mitt Romney or Barack Obama&mdash;attend their own presidential debate hosted in Chicago by the Free and Equal Elections Foundation, which hopes for a more transparent and open electoral system. Romney (with the Republican Party) and Obama (with the Democratic Party) refuse invitations to attend the debate, televised on international news channels but on no major U.S. network. ](/news/2012/10/23/four-third-party-u-s-presidential-election-candidates-mdash-representing-the-libertarian-green-constitution-and-justice-parties-who-wer.md) _Context: Barack Obama, D_
5. [2012 Democratic National Convention:The United States Democratic Party holds its national convention in Charlotte, North Carolina. ](/news/2012/09/5/2012-democratic-national-convention-pthe-united-states-democratic-party-holds-its-national-convention-in-charlotte-north-carolina.md) _Context: D, Democratic National Convention_
6. [U.S. Representative Anthony Weiner of New York resigns his office amidst pressure from Democratic leadership and President Barack Obama after admitting to sending lewd photos via Twitter. ](/news/2011/06/16/u-s-representative-anthony-weiner-of-new-york-resigns-his-office-amidst-pressure-from-democratic-leadership-and-president-barack-obama-afte.md) _Context: Barack Obama, D_
7. [Hillary Clinton, the United States Secretary of State, states that she will not serve a second term in President Obama's Cabinet if he is reelected in 2012 and will retire from public life. ](/news/2011/03/16/hillary-clinton-the-united-states-secretary-of-state-states-that-she-will-not-serve-a-second-term-in-president-obama-s-cabinet-if-he-is-re.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States presidential election, 2012_
8. [United States Republican Party chairman Michael Steele is heavily criticised by members of his own party and by members of the Democratic Party for saying America's war in Afghanistan is "a war of Obama's choosing". ](/news/2010/07/3/united-states-republican-party-chairman-michael-steele-is-heavily-criticised-by-members-of-his-own-party-and-by-members-of-the-democratic-pa.md) _Context: Barack Obama, D_
9. [The Congressional Black Caucus appeals to American President Barack Obama and Democratic congressional leaders  for tougher efforts to reduce racial disparities in the U.S. health system, saying there are four critical areas not addressed by Obama's plan. ](/news/2010/02/25/the-congressional-black-caucus-appeals-to-american-president-barack-obama-and-democratic-congressional-leaders-for-tougher-efforts-to-reduc.md) _Context: Barack Obama, D_
10. [ Democratic Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich is arrested by Federal Bureau of Investigation agents at his Chicago home, amidst allegations of corruption and pay-to-play regarding the replacement for United States President-elect Barack Obama in the Senate. ](/news/2008/12/9/democratic-illinois-governor-rod-blagojevich-is-arrested-by-federal-bureau-of-investigation-agents-at-his-chicago-home-amidst-allegations.md) _Context: Barack Obama, D_
