### [2012-09-6](/news/2012/09/6/index.md)

# Vladimir Putin urges the Western and Arab world to review their position. He asks to end the violence first, then sit around the table and only then move on to "these practical steps about the internal organisation of the country itself". 




### Source:

1. [Star Africa](http://www.starafrica.com/en/news/detail-news/view/putin-urges-west-rethink-on-syria-as-bat-251427.html)
2. [Trust.org](http://www.trust.org/alertnet/news/syrian-conflict-forces-research-institute-to-relocate)

### Related:

1. [Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ceasefire-is-said-to.md) _Context: Syria, Vladimir Putin_
2. [Russian President Vladimir Putin signs a symbolic order to withdraw Russia's signature from the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court (ICC) amid calls by pro-rebel western Non-governmental organisations for an investigation into alleged Russian war crimes in Syria. ](/news/2016/11/16/russian-president-vladimir-putin-signs-a-symbolic-order-to-withdraw-russia-s-signature-from-the-rome-statute-of-the-international-criminal-c.md) _Context: Syria, Vladimir Putin_
3. [Following his meeting at Finnish President Sauli Niinisto's residence, Russian President Vladimir Putin says that Russia would respect Finland's choice whether to join NATO, though as part of NATO's military infrastructure, Finnish Defence Forces would overnight be at the borders of the Russian Federation. Putin and Niinisto call for improved security in Baltic airspace where Russian and Western aircraft have had close encounters in recent months. ](/news/2016/07/1/following-his-meeting-at-finnish-president-sauli-niinistap-s-residence-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-that-russia-would-respect-finl.md) _Context: Vladimir Putin, Westerners_
4. [ U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry leaves for Moscow for talks on Syria and Ukraine with Russian President Vladimir Putin and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on Wednesday. Kerry is also expected to discuss the case of Ukrainian pilot Nadiya Savchenko, who today was sentenced to 22 years in prison in the city of Donetsk. ](/news/2016/03/22/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-leaves-for-moscow-for-talks-on-syria-and-ukraine-with-russian-president-vladimir-putin-and-foreign-minis.md) _Context: Syria, Vladimir Putin_
5. [Russian President Vladimir Putin orders Defence Minister Sergey Shoygu to start the withdrawal of Russian Armed Forces from Syria, saying during a meeting with Shoygu, "I consider the objectives that have been set for the Defense Ministry to be generally accomplished. That is why I order to start withdrawal of the main part of our military group from the territory of the Syrian Arab Republic starting from tomorrow." ](/news/2016/03/14/russian-president-vladimir-putin-orders-defence-minister-sergey-shoygu-to-start-the-withdrawal-of-russian-armed-forces-from-syria-saying-du.md) _Context: Syria, Vladimir Putin_
6. [Russian President Vladimir Putin says he hopes nuclear warheads will not be needed to deal with terrorists, after Russia launched cruise missiles at Islamic State positions in Syria from one of its Kilo-class submarines in the Mediterranean. ](/news/2015/12/9/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-he-hopes-nuclear-warheads-will-not-be-needed-to-deal-with-terrorists-after-russia-launched-cruise-mis.md) _Context: Syria, Vladimir Putin_
7. [Russian president Vladimir Putin addresses the shootdown of one of their jets in Syria by the Turkish Air Force. He goes on to say that "if anyone thinks Russia's reaction will be limited to trade sanctions, they are deeply mistaken". ](/news/2015/12/3/russian-president-vladimir-putin-addresses-the-shootdown-of-one-of-their-jets-in-syria-by-the-turkish-air-force-he-goes-on-to-say-that-if.md) _Context: Syria, Vladimir Putin_
8. [The Russian military launches cruise missile strikes from the Mediterranean on ISIS positions in Al-Raqqah, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's de facto capital in Syria, Aleppo, and Idlib. A U.S. official confirms that Russia has conducted a significant number of strikes in Syria using both sea-launched cruise missiles and long-range bombers. Russian President Vladimir Putin has pledged to escalate his military campaign in Syria after it was confirmed that a bomb brought down Metrojet Flight 9268 over Egypt's Sinai Peninsula. ](/news/2015/11/17/the-russian-military-launches-cruise-missile-strikes-from-the-mediterranean-on-isis-positions-in-al-raqqah-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-th.md) _Context: Syria, Vladimir Putin_
9. [Russian President Vladimir Putin confirms that Russia is providing military aid in Syrian Civil War in support of the Bashar al-Assad regime and is providing heavy weapons, aircraft, tanks, serious training and logistical support to the Syrian Army. ](/news/2015/09/4/russian-president-vladimir-putin-confirms-that-russia-is-providing-military-aid-in-syrian-civil-war-in-support-of-the-bashar-al-assad-regime.md) _Context: Syria, Vladimir Putin_
10. [Hezbollah leader, Hassan Nasrallah, calls on other sectarian forces in the Arab world to withdraw from Syria, saying that if they did so, Hezbollah would also "not remain in Syria either." ](/news/2014/02/16/hezbollah-leader-hassan-nasrallah-calls-on-other-sectarian-forces-in-the-arab-world-to-withdraw-from-syria-saying-that-if-they-did-so-he.md) _Context: Arab world, Syria_
