### [2013-07-20](/news/2013/07/20/index.md)

# Five Costa Crociere employees plead guilty to manslaughter and negligence charges in relation to the Costa Concordia disaster that cost 32 crew and passengers their lives off the coast of Italy. Captain Francesco Schettino is being tried separately. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/italy-court-convicts-5-costa-crociere-employees)

### Related:

1. [The Italian Supreme Court of Cassation upholds Francesco Schettino's sentence for his role as Captain in the ''Costa Concordia'' disaster.  Schettino handed himself in to Rome's Rebibbia prison to begin his 16-year sentence. ](/news/2017/05/12/the-italian-supreme-court-of-cassation-upholds-francesco-schettino-s-sentence-for-his-role-as-captain-in-the-costa-concordia-disaster.md) _Context: ''Costa Concordia'' disaster_
2. [U.S. President Donald Trump's lawyers tell a federal court, in a case alleging negligence and incitement to riot during a 2016 campaign rally in Louisville, Kentucky, that he is "immune from suit because he is President of the United States." A lawyer for the plaintiffs responds that, in ''Clinton v. Jones'', the Supreme Court found the president could be sued for events that occurred before he took office. ](/news/2017/04/15/u-s-president-donald-trump-s-lawyers-tell-a-federal-court-in-a-case-alleging-negligence-and-incitement-to-riot-during-a-2016-campaign-rall.md) _Context: negligence_
3. [Following last month's manslaughter conviction, Israeli soldier Elor Azaria is sentenced to 18 months in prison by a military court for, during a violent incident, his deadly shooting of the wounded, unarmed, prone Palestinian Abdel Fattah al-Sharif, who had stabbed a soldier last March in Hebron. ](/news/2017/02/21/following-last-month-s-manslaughter-conviction-israeli-soldier-elor-azaria-is-sentenced-to-18-months-in-prison-by-a-military-court-for-dur.md) _Context: manslaughter_
4. [A Wisconsin gun shop, which a jury found negligently sold the gun an assailant used to injure two Milwaukee police officers to a straw buyer, reaches a $1 million settlement with the officers. ](/news/2015/12/12/a-wisconsin-gun-shop-which-a-jury-found-negligently-sold-the-gun-an-assailant-used-to-injure-two-milwaukee-police-officers-to-a-straw-buyer.md) _Context: negligence_
5. [Jury selection begins for the trial of William Porter, a Baltimore, Maryland police officer charged with manslaughter and other charges surrounding the April 19 death of Freddie Gray.  Porter is the first of six officers to be tried. ](/news/2015/11/30/jury-selection-begins-for-the-trial-of-william-porter-a-baltimore-maryland-police-officer-charged-with-manslaughter-and-other-charges-surr.md) _Context: manslaughter_
6. [The U.S. Justice Department files criminal charges against three individuals and three companies--Black Elk, Grand Isle Shipyard and oil field services company Wood Group--in connection with a 2012 oil platform incident in the Gulf of Mexico that left three workers dead. The charges range from manslaughter to violations of the federal Clean Water Act.  ](/news/2015/11/20/the-u-s-justice-department-files-criminal-charges-against-three-individuals-and-three-companies-black-elk-grand-isle-shipyard-and-oil-fie.md) _Context: manslaughter_
7. [A volunteer police officer is charged with manslaughter in the shooting death of Eric Harris, an unarmed man who was shot while lying on his back in Tulsa, Oklahoma. ](/news/2015/04/13/a-volunteer-police-officer-is-charged-with-manslaughter-in-the-shooting-death-of-eric-harris-an-unarmed-man-who-was-shot-while-lying-on-his.md) _Context: manslaughter_
8. [In a five-day national dragnet last week, Operation Cross Check, the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) rounds up 2,059 people who had been convicted of crimes and had been living in the country illegally. Most were not violent criminals (none were implicated in terrorism; almost all the 912 misdemeanors were for driving under the influence, DWI; 476 of the felons were charged with an immigration violation, though some were convicted of manslaughter, robbery, rape, and child pornography). ](/news/2015/03/9/in-a-five-day-national-dragnet-last-week-operation-cross-check-the-u-s-immigration-and-customs-enforcement-ice-rounds-up-2-059-people-w.md) _Context: manslaughter_
9. [A court in the city of Grosseto convicts the former captain of the ''Costa Concordia'', Francesco Schettino, of manslaughter for his part in the ship's January 2012 sinking, and sentences him to 16 years in jail. ](/news/2015/02/11/a-court-in-the-city-of-grosseto-convicts-the-former-captain-of-the-costa-concordia-francesco-schettino-of-manslaughter-for-his-part-in.md) _Context: ''Costa Concordia'' disaster_
10. [A court in Lismore, Australia, convicts the former National Rugby League player Craig Field of the manslaughter of Kelvin Kane outside the Kingscliff Hotel in 2012. ](/news/2014/12/9/a-court-in-lismore-australia-convicts-the-former-national-rugby-league-player-craig-field-of-the-manslaughter-of-kelvin-kane-outside-the-k.md) _Context: manslaughter_
