### [2012-03-2](/news/2012/03/2/index.md)

# At least 33 people die in a clash between the Pakistan Army and militants in Tirah Valley in the Bara area of Khyber. 

Militants attacked a hilltop army position in volatile northwest Pakistan on Friday in a clash in which at least 33 people were killed, a security official said, the latest skirmish in a campaign in which neither side appears to have the upper hand.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/2012/03/02/uk-pakistan-militants-idUKTRE8210BP20120302)

### Related:

1. [War in North-West Pakistan:: At least eight members of the Pakistan Army Frontier Corps are killed in a militant attack in the Khyber Agency. ](/news/2014/07/18/war-in-north-west-pakistan-at-least-eight-members-of-the-pakistan-army-frontier-corps-are-killed-in-a-militant-attack-in-the-khyber-agency.md) _Context: Khyber Agency, Pakistan army_
2. [War in North-West Pakistan:: Thirty-five militants and one soldier are killed in fighting in the Khyber Agency tribal region of northwest Pakistan in an operation. ](/news/2013/06/9/war-in-north-west-pakistan-thirty-five-militants-and-one-soldier-are-killed-in-fighting-in-the-khyber-agency-tribal-region-of-northwest-pa.md) _Context: Khyber Agency, Pakistan army_
3. [War in North-West Pakistan: August 2017 Quetta suicide bombing: A suicide bombing took place near a Pakistan army truck in Quetta, Balochistan, Pakistan, leaving 15 people dead including 8 soldiers, while injuring 40 others. ](/news/2017/08/12/war-in-north-west-pakistan-august-2017-quetta-suicide-bombing-a-suicide-bombing-took-place-near-a-pakistan-army-truck-in-quetta-balochist.md) _Context: Pakistan army_
4. [War in North-West Pakistan: A suicide bomber kills at least six people and wounds 18 near a Pakistan Army vehicle taking part in the census in the city of Lahore. ](/news/2017/04/5/war-in-north-west-pakistan-a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-six-people-and-wounds-18-near-a-pakistan-army-vehicle-taking-part-in-the-census.md) _Context: Pakistan army_
5. [War in North-West Pakistan: In response to yesterday's bombing at the Shrine of Lal Shahbaz Qalandar that killed 88 people, the Pakistan Army claims to have killed more than 100 terrorists and arrested many others. ](/news/2017/02/17/war-in-north-west-pakistan-in-response-to-yesterday-s-bombing-at-the-shrine-of-lal-shahbaz-qalandar-that-killed-88-people-the-pakistan-arm.md) _Context: Pakistan army_
6. [Kashmir conflict: At least three Pakistan Army soldiers are killed by the Indian Army, while separate clashes kill three Indian Army soldiers and one suspected militant, at the Line of Control. ](/news/2017/02/14/kashmir-conflict-at-least-three-pakistan-army-soldiers-are-killed-by-the-indian-army-while-separate-clashes-kill-three-indian-army-soldier.md) _Context: Pakistan army_
7. [2016 India-Pakistan military confrontation: Pakistan Army's Inter-Services Public Relations (ISPR) reports seven Pakistani soldiers have been killed by Indian cross-border shelling in Bhimber District, Azad Kashmir. ](/news/2016/11/14/2016-india-pakistan-military-confrontation-pakistan-army-s-inter-services-public-relations-ispr-reports-seven-pakistani-soldiers-have-b.md) _Context: Pakistan army_
8. [Afghanistan-Pakistan skirmishes: Afghan and Pakistani soldiers clash at the Torkham border crossing between the two countries, leaving one Afghan soldier and a Pakistani major killed. At least 22 other people were also injured. Tensions between Afghanistan and Pakistan have grown since the latter's attempts to build a gate at the crossing. ](/news/2016/06/14/afghanistan-pakistan-skirmishes-afghan-and-pakistani-soldiers-clash-at-the-torkham-border-crossing-between-the-two-countries-leaving-one.md) _Context: Pakistan army_
9. [Six high ranking Pakistan Army officers, including a lieutenant-general and major-general, are sacked by Chief of Army Staff Raheel Sharif amid corruption allegations within the army. Sharif said corruption had to be uprooted to fight terrorism. ](/news/2016/04/21/six-high-ranking-pakistan-army-officers-including-a-lieutenant-general-and-major-general-are-sacked-by-chief-of-army-staff-raheel-sharif-a.md) _Context: Pakistan army_
10. [Thousands of protestors rally in front of the Parliament of Pakistan in Islamabad in support of Mumtaz Qadri, the killer of reformist Punjab governor Salmaan Taseer in 2011 who was subsequently executed last February. The Pakistan Army was called in to control the situation. ](/news/2016/03/28/thousands-of-protestors-rally-in-front-of-the-parliament-of-pakistan-in-islamabad-in-support-of-mumtaz-qadri-the-killer-of-reformist-punjab.md) _Context: Pakistan army_
