### [2012-03-2](/news/2012/03/2/index.md)

# The International Criminal Court issues an arrest warrant for Abdelrahim Mohamed Hussein, Sudan's Defence Minister, on war crimes charges in connection to Darfur. 




### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/africa/2012/03/20123263020568112.html)

### Related:

1. [ The Chief Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court names the former Sudanese minister Ahmed Muhammad Harun and Janjaweed militia leader Ali Kushayb as chief suspects in its investigation into alleged war crimes and crimes against humanity in Darfur. The Government of Sudan has announced that it will not hand over the named men to the ICC. ](/news/2007/02/27/the-chief-prosecutor-of-the-international-criminal-court-names-the-former-sudanese-minister-ahmed-muhammad-harun-and-janjaweed-militia-lead.md) _Context: Darfur, International Criminal Court, Sudan, war crimes_
2. [Sudanese general election, 2015. Sudan's Electoral Commission declares that incumbent President of Sudan Omar al-Bashir won re-election with 94.4 per cent of the vote extending his 25 year rule. He has been indicted multiple times by the International Criminal Court for being personally responsible for war crimes committed in Darfur and elsewhere in Sudan. ](/news/2015/04/27/sudanese-general-election-2015-sudan-s-electoral-commission-declares-that-incumbent-president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-won-re-election-with.md) _Context: Darfur, International Criminal Court, Sudan_
3. [The International Criminal Court issues an arrest warrant for the Sudanese defence minister Abdelrahim Mohamed Hussein. ](/news/2012/03/1/the-international-criminal-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-the-sudanese-defence-minister-abdelrahim-mohamed-hussein.md) _Context: Abdelrahim Mohamed Hussein, International Criminal Court, Sudan_
4. [Ahmed Haroun, wanted by the International Criminal Court on charges of war crimes, is re-elected governor of the state of South Kordofan in Sudan. ](/news/2011/05/16/ahmed-haroun-wanted-by-the-international-criminal-court-on-charges-of-war-crimes-is-re-elected-governor-of-the-state-of-south-kordofan-in.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Sudan, war crimes_
5. [Two Sudanese, Abdallah Banda Abakaer Nourain and Saleh Mohammed Jerbo Jamus, surrender to the International Criminal Court in The Hague to be charged on Thursday with "murder", "intentionally directing attacks against peacekeeping personnel" and "stealing property" in relation to a 2007 attack on African Union peacekeepers in Darfur, which killed 12. ](/news/2010/06/16/two-sudanese-abdallah-banda-abakaer-nourain-and-saleh-mohammed-jerbo-jamus-surrender-to-the-international-criminal-court-in-the-hague-to-b.md) _Context: Darfur, International Criminal Court, Sudan_
6. [International Criminal Court judges tell the UN Security Council that the Sudanese government is protecting suspects wanted for war crimes in Darfur instead of arresting them to face trial. ](/news/2010/05/26/international-criminal-court-judges-tell-the-un-security-council-that-the-sudanese-government-is-protecting-suspects-wanted-for-war-crimes-i.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Sudan, war crimes_
7. [ Prosecutors at the International Criminal Court challenge a tribunal's decision not to indict Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir on charges of genocide in Darfur. ](/news/2009/07/7/prosecutors-at-the-international-criminal-court-challenge-a-tribunal-s-decision-not-to-indict-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-on-charges.md) _Context: Darfur, International Criminal Court, Sudan_
8. [ The International Criminal Court issues an arrest warrant for Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir for a five-year campaign of violence in Darfur. ](/news/2009/03/4/the-international-criminal-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-for-a-five-year-campaign-of-violence-in-dar.md) _Context: Darfur, International Criminal Court, Sudan_
9. [ Luis Moreno-Ocampo, the Prosecutor for the International Criminal Court, accuses Sudanese president Omar al-Bashir of genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes in Darfur. ](/news/2008/07/14/luis-moreno-ocampo-the-prosecutor-for-the-international-criminal-court-accuses-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-of-genocide-crimes-agai.md) _Context: Darfur, International Criminal Court, Sudan_
10. [ International Criminal Court prosecutor Luis Moreno Ocampo states that they have credible evidence of crimes against humanity in Darfur. Sudan refuses to extradite those suspected of war crimes.](/news/2005/06/30/international-criminal-court-prosecutor-luis-moreno-ocampo-states-that-they-have-credible-evidence-of-crimes-against-humanity-in-darfur-su.md) _Context: Darfur, International Criminal Court, Sudan_
