### [2017-07-26](/news/2017/07/26/index.md)

# War in Afghanistan. According to the Defense Ministry, between 26 and 30 military personnel are dead and over 80 Taliban militants have been either killed or wounded amid intense fighting at a military base in Kandahar Province. 




### Source:

1. [Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty](https://www.rferl.org/a/afghanistan-attack-kandahar-taliban/28638763.html)

### Related:

1. [War in Afghanistan. 2017 Lashkargah bombing. A car bomb outside a New Kabul Bank branch in Lashkargah, Helmand Province, kills at least 20 people. The Taliban claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/06/22/war-in-afghanistan-2017-lashkargah-bombing-a-car-bomb-outside-a-new-kabul-bank-branch-in-lashkargah-helmand-province-kills-at-least-20-p.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
2. [War in Afghanistan. At least one Afghan is killed and seven American soldiers wounded in an "insider attack" at Camp Shaheen, in the northern city of Mazar-i-Sharif. An earlier report that Americans had been killed is incorrect. The Taliban claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/06/17/war-in-afghanistan-at-least-one-afghan-is-killed-and-seven-american-soldiers-wounded-in-an-insider-attack-at-camp-shaheen-in-the-norther.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
3. [War in Afghanistan. After a week-long assault, ISIL-KP captures the Tora Bora cave complex from the Taliban, allegedly in reaction to the 2017 Nangarhar airstrike. The Taliban say the fighting is still underway. ](/news/2017/06/14/war-in-afghanistan-after-a-week-long-assault-isil-kp-captures-the-tora-bora-cave-complex-from-the-taliban-allegedly-in-reaction-to-the-20.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
4. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). An Afghan soldier kills 3 U.S. troops and injures 1 other in Achin, Nangarhar Province. The Taliban claims responsibility, saying the Afghan soldier was one of several Taliban infiltrators in the Afghan Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/06/10/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-an-afghan-soldier-kills-3-u-s-troops-and-injures-1-other-in-achin-nangarhar-province-the-taliban-cla.md) _Context: Taliban, military personnel_
5. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). Taliban militants attack an Afghan National Army base in Shah Wali Kot District, Kandahar Province, killing at least 15 soldiers. ](/news/2017/05/26/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-taliban-militants-attack-an-afghan-national-army-base-in-shah-wali-kot-district-kandahar-province-kil.md) _Context: Kandahar Province, Taliban_
6. [2017 Camp Shaheen attack. The Afghan Minister of Defense, Abdullah Habibi and the Chief of Staff of the Afghan National Army, Qadam Shah Shahim, resign after a Taliban attack on Camp Shaheen near Mazar-i-Sharif that claimed over 140 lives. ](/news/2017/04/24/2017-camp-shaheen-attack-the-afghan-minister-of-defense-abdullah-habibi-and-the-chief-of-staff-of-the-afghan-national-army-qadam-shah-sha.md) _Context: Defense Ministry, Taliban_
7. [War in Afghanistan. 2017 Camp Shaheen attack. Taliban insurgents attack an Afghan military base in Mazar-e-Sharif, Balkh Province, killing more than 140 soldiers. It is said to be the deadliest attack of its kind ](/news/2017/04/21/war-in-afghanistan-2017-camp-shaheen-attack-taliban-insurgents-attack-an-afghan-military-base-in-mazar-e-sharif-balkh-province-killing-m.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
8. [War in Afghanistan. The Afghan Ministry of Defense reports as many as 36 suspected ISIL militants were killed while no civilians were harmed in yesterday's bombing in Nangarhar Province using the so-called "mother of all bombs" (GBU-43). The ministry spokesman added these deaths have not been independently verified. ](/news/2017/04/14/war-in-afghanistan-the-afghan-ministry-of-defense-reports-as-many-as-36-suspected-isil-militants-were-killed-while-no-civilians-were-harmed.md) _Context: Defense Ministry, War in Afghanistan_
9. [The Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction releases a report on Afghanistan, saying that the Afghan Armed Forces are not capable of securing the country and have lost more territory to the Taliban, the most since the United States invasion of Afghanistan in 2001. ](/news/2017/01/11/the-special-inspector-general-for-afghanistan-reconstruction-releases-a-report-on-afghanistan-saying-that-the-afghan-armed-forces-are-not-c.md) _Context: Taliban, military personnel_
10. [War in Afghanistan. 2016 Bagram Airfield bombing: An explosion at NATO's Bagram Airfield kills four Americans and injures at least 16 U.S. service members and a Polish soldier. The Taliban claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/11/12/war-in-afghanistan-2016-bagram-airfield-bombing-an-explosion-at-nato-s-bagram-airfield-kills-four-americans-and-injures-at-least-16-u-s-s.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
