### [2006-01-17](/news/2006/01/17/index.md)

#  Taiwanese Premier Frank Hsieh announces his resignation following the defeat of the Democratic Progressive Party in recent elections. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/4619216.stm)

### Related:

1. [ In the Republic of China/Taiwan, President Chen Shui-bian names fellow Democratic Progressive Party member Frank Hsieh, as the new premier. He calls for a reconciliation with the political opposition, which maintained its legislative majority in last month's elections. ](/news/2005/01/25/in-the-republic-of-china-taiwan-president-chen-shui-bian-names-fellow-democratic-progressive-party-member-frank-hsieh-as-the-new-premier.md) _Context: Democratic Progressive Party, Frank Hsieh, Premier_
2. [ The President of the Republic of China Chen Shui-bian names Chang Chun-hsiung of the Democratic Progressive Party as the new Premier of the Republic of China. ](/news/2007/05/14/the-president-of-the-republic-of-china-chen-shui-bian-names-chang-chun-hsiung-of-the-democratic-progressive-party-as-the-new-premier-of-the.md) _Context: Democratic Progressive Party, Premier_
3. [ Su Tseng-Chang resigns as the Premier of the Republic of China (Taiwan) following a loss in a primary election to be the Democratic Progressive Party candidate in the 2008 Taiwanese presidential election. ](/news/2007/05/12/su-tseng-chang-resigns-as-the-premier-of-the-republic-of-china-taiwan-following-a-loss-in-a-primary-election-to-be-the-democratic-progres.md) _Context: Democratic Progressive Party, Premier_
4. [ ROC local elections, 2005: Republic of China (Taiwan) opposition party Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party) makes major gains in municipal elections, taking 14 of 23 mayor or county magistrate seats. Ruling Democratic Progressive Party takes six seats. People First Party and New Party each takes one seat, and an independent wins one seat. DPP chairman Su Tseng-chang resigns to take responsibility for his party's defeat. ](/news/2005/12/3/roc-local-elections-2005-republic-of-china-taiwan-opposition-party-kuomintang-chinese-nationalist-party-makes-major-gains-in-municipa.md) _Context: Democratic Progressive Party, recent elections_
5. [Tainan Mayor William Lai Ching-te is appointed as the new Premier by the President of the Republic of China Tsai Ing-wen ](/news/2017/09/5/tainan-mayor-william-lai-ching-te-is-appointed-as-the-new-premier-by-the-president-of-the-republic-of-china-tsai-ing-wen.md) _Context: Premier_
6. [Premier of the Republic of China Lin Chuan offers his resignation as head of the Executive Branch of Taiwan. ](/news/2017/09/4/premier-of-the-republic-of-china-lin-chuan-offers-his-resignation-as-head-of-the-executive-branch-of-taiwan.md) _Context: Premier_
7. [China says Chinese passengers flying from the Chinese cities of Nanchang, Kunming, and Chongqing, will be allowed to stop at Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport before flying to a third destination. Taiwan President Ma Ying-jeou applauded this step toward normalizing relations between the two states. Taiwan's opposition party expressed concern that Beijing is trying to interfere with the country's January 16, 2016, presidential and legislative elections. ](/news/2016/01/5/china-says-chinese-passengers-flying-from-the-chinese-cities-of-nanchang-kunming-and-chongqing-will-be-allowed-to-stop-at-taiwan-taoyuan.md) _Context: Democratic Progressive Party_
8. [Tsai Ing-wen of the Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) is elected the first female President of Taiwan. Eric Chu, the ruling Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party) candidate concedes defeat and announced his resignation as party leader. Ms. Tsai vowed to preserve the status quo in relations with China. The DPP supports independence for the island. ](/news/2016/01/16/tsai-ing-wen-of-the-democratic-progressive-party-dpp-is-elected-the-first-female-president-of-taiwan-eric-chu-the-ruling-kuomintang-chi.md) _Context: Democratic Progressive Party_
9. [Jiang Yi-huah resigns as the Premier of Taiwan as the ruling Kuomintang suffers heavy losses in local government elections. ](/news/2014/11/29/jiang-yi-huah-resigns-as-the-premier-of-taiwan-as-the-ruling-kuomintang-suffers-heavy-losses-in-local-government-elections.md) _Context: Premier_
10. [Voters in the Republic of China go to the polls for the 2012 presidential election. Incumbent President Ma Ying-jeou ultimately wins re-election with 51% of the vote, defeating Democratic Progressive Party chairwoman Tsai Ing-wen. ](/news/2012/01/14/voters-in-the-republic-of-china-go-to-the-polls-for-the-2012-presidential-election-incumbent-president-ma-ying-jeou-ultimately-wins-re-elec.md) _Context: Democratic Progressive Party_
