### [2011-07-23](/news/2011/07/23/index.md)

# 2011 Syrian uprising: The United Nations says Syrian forces may have committed crimes against humanity amid the ongoing protests. 

DAMASCUS, Syria, July 23 - UN officials have said Syrian security forces may have committed crimes against humanity in their crackdown on protesters, as at - Kenya breaking news | Kenya news today | Capitalfm.co.ke


### Source:

1. [Capital FM Kenya](http://www.capitalfm.co.ke/news/2011/07/23/un-fears-crimes-against-humanity-in-syria/)
2. [Times of Oman](http://www.timesofoman.com/innercat.asp?detail=48048&rand=)

### Related:

1. [2011 Syrian uprising: Syria's opposition urge the United Nations and Arab League to hold emergency meetings after an alleged massacre took place in the northwest of the country, before Arab League monitors enter the country. ](/news/2011/12/21/2011-syrian-uprising-syria-s-opposition-urge-the-united-nations-and-arab-league-to-hold-emergency-meetings-after-an-alleged-massacre-took-p.md) _Context: 2011 Syrian uprising, Syria, United Nations_
2. [The Arab League threatens to take Syria to the United Nations within two weeks if the country does not accept its proposals to end the crackdown on the uprising. ](/news/2011/12/18/the-arab-league-threatens-to-take-syria-to-the-united-nations-within-two-weeks-if-the-country-does-not-accept-its-proposals-to-end-the-crack.md) _Context: 2011 Syrian uprising, Syria, United Nations_
3. [United Nations officials announce the creation of a new team in Geneva to investigate possible war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide during the Syrian Civil War in order to prepare for future prosecutions of those responsible. ](/news/2017/02/16/united-nations-officials-announce-the-creation-of-a-new-team-in-geneva-to-investigate-possible-war-crimes-crimes-against-humanity-and-genoc.md) _Context: United Nations, crimes against humanity_
4. [2016-17 Rohingya persecution in Myanmar: According to Myanmar's military, it has ended its "clearance operation" against the country's Rohingya minority in Rakhine State, which the United Nations says may amount to ethnic cleansing and crimes against humanity. ](/news/2017/02/16/2016-17-rohingya-persecution-in-myanmar-according-to-myanmar-s-military-it-has-ended-its-clearance-operation-against-the-country-s-roh.md) _Context: United Nations, crimes against humanity_
5. [Syrian Civil War: Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/syrian-civil-war-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ce.md) _Context: Syria, United Nations_
6. [Syrian peace process: United Nations envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura appeals to the United States and Russia to intervene to help revive the failing Syrian peace talks. He stressed fighting needs to decrease for the talks to work, and that won't happen "without some sort of political solution on the horizon." ](/news/2016/04/28/syrian-peace-process-united-nations-envoy-for-syria-staffan-de-mistura-appeals-to-the-united-states-and-russia-to-intervene-to-help-revive.md) _Context: Syria, United Nations_
7. [Syrian peace process: Staffan de Mistura, U.N. envoy to Syria, says there has been "real but modest" progress in the country's humanitarian situation, despite the shaken ceasefire. Aid convoys have reached 560,000 people in hard-to-reach and besieged areas; six areas still remain off limits. Yesterday, the Syrian Arab Red Crescent medically evacuated 515 people from four communities-Zabadani, Madaya, Kfarya, and Foua-besieged by government and rebel groups. ](/news/2016/04/21/syrian-peace-process-staffan-de-mistura-u-n-envoy-to-syria-says-there-has-been-real-but-modest-progress-in-the-country-s-humanitarian.md) _Context: Syria, United Nations_
8. [Syrian Civil War: Syrian government airstrikes, and rockets from Islamist insurgents, hit many neighborhoods in Aleppo. Fatalities are reported on both sides of the city. This continued fighting threatens the truce and peace talks being held in Geneva, Switzerland. UN envoy Staffan de Mistura says he will meet the government delegation Monday, and will sit down with the main opposition High Negotiations Committee later in the week. ](/news/2016/04/16/syrian-civil-war-syrian-government-airstrikes-and-rockets-from-islamist-insurgents-hit-many-neighborhoods-in-aleppo-fatalities-are-repor.md) _Context: Syria, United Nations_
9. [Syrian Civil War: Syrian peace process: The delegation of the government of Syria rules out starting any direct talks with the opposition delegation as U.N. sponsored peace talks enter a third day in Geneva. ](/news/2016/03/16/syrian-civil-war-syrian-peace-process-the-delegation-of-the-government-of-syria-rules-out-starting-any-direct-talks-with-the-opposition-de.md) _Context: Syria, United Nations_
10. [Syrian Civil War: Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War: The U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs reports that increased airstrikes by Russia have forced humanitarian assistance organizations to curtail their relief efforts, exacerbating the humanitarian crisis in northern Syria. ](/news/2015/12/15/syrian-civil-war-russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-the-u-n-office-for-the-coordination-of-humanitarian-affairs-report.md) _Context: Syria, United Nations_
