### [2005-11-13](/news/2005/11/13/index.md)

#  The South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation agrees at its summit to admit Afghanistan as a member, and to accord China and Japan observer status.




### Related:

1. [Members of the 19th South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) summit, scheduled to be held in Pakistan during November 2016, postpone the meeting following a Indian-led boycott, including Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Bhutan in response to Pakistan's alleged involvement in a deadly terrorist attack on a Indian Army base in Uri, Jammu and Kashmir, on September 18. ](/news/2016/09/28/members-of-the-19th-south-asian-association-for-regional-cooperation-saarc-summit-scheduled-to-be-held-in-pakistan-during-november-2016.md) _Context: Afghanistan, South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation_
2. [The leaders of the People's Republic of China, South Korea and Japan hold their first summit in three years. ](/news/2015/11/1/the-leaders-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-south-korea-and-japan-hold-their-first-summit-in-three-years.md) _Context: Chinese, Japan_
3. [Senkaku Islands dispute:The Government of Japan summons the ambassador from the People's Republic of China after a flotilla of Chinese ships sail near the dispute Senkaku Islands. ](/news/2013/04/23/senkaku-islands-dispute-pthe-government-of-japan-summons-the-ambassador-from-the-people-s-republic-of-china-after-a-flotilla-of-chinese-ship.md) _Context: Chinese, Japan_
4. [The People's Republic of China levies anti-dumping charges on the chemical resorcinol imported from the United States and Japan. ](/news/2013/03/22/the-people-s-republic-of-china-levies-anti-dumping-charges-on-the-chemical-resorcinol-imported-from-the-united-states-and-japan.md) _Context: Chinese, Japan_
5. [Japan protests to France about the sale of DCNS helicopter landing equipment to the People's Republic of China. ](/news/2013/03/18/japan-protests-to-france-about-the-sale-of-dcns-helicopter-landing-equipment-to-the-people-s-republic-of-china.md) _Context: Chinese, Japan_
6. [Senkaku Islands dispute:Japanese Defense Minister Itsunori Onodera states that the country has lodged a protest with China after a People's Liberation Army Navy frigate directed weapon-targeting radar at a Japanese Maritime Self-Defense Force destroyer near the disputed Senkaku Islands. ](/news/2013/02/5/senkaku-islands-dispute-pjapanese-defense-minister-itsunori-onodera-states-that-the-country-has-lodged-a-protest-with-china-after-a-people-s.md) _Context: Chinese, Japan_
7. [The Japanese National Police Agency reveals that 90 per cent of cyberattacks on its web site on July 10 came from Internet Protocol addresses in the People's Republic of China. ](/news/2011/08/26/the-japanese-national-police-agency-reveals-that-90-per-cent-of-cyberattacks-on-its-web-site-on-july-10-came-from-internet-protocol-addresse.md) _Context: Chinese, Japan_
8. [South Korea announces plans to submit a claim to the United Nations to a larger portion of the East China Sea in a move which is likely to be disputed by the People's Republic of China and Japan. ](/news/2011/07/3/south-korea-announces-plans-to-submit-a-claim-to-the-united-nations-to-a-larger-portion-of-the-east-china-sea-in-a-move-which-is-likely-to-b.md) _Context: Chinese, Japan_
9. [Two Japanese ministers are censured by the House of Councillors over a territorial dispute with China. ](/news/2010/11/27/two-japanese-ministers-are-censured-by-the-house-of-councillors-over-a-territorial-dispute-with-china.md) _Context: Chinese, Japan_
10. [Premier Wen Jiabao of the People's Republic of China denies reports that China is using its control over minerals crucial to high technology (called "rare earth") as a bargaining chip, especially in a dispute with Japan over Japan's arrest of a Chinese fishing-boat captain ](/news/2010/10/8/premier-wen-jiabao-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-denies-reports-that-china-is-using-its-control-over-minerals-crucial-to-high-technology.md) _Context: Chinese, Japan_
