### [2006-06-21](/news/2006/06/21/index.md)

#  In a press conference in South Africa, Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir says that United Nations peacekeeping forces shall never enter Sudan because they are controlled by an international Jewish conspiracy involving "heavy propaganda and media campaigns." 




### Source:

1. [SudanTribune](http://www.sudantribune.com/article.php3?id_article=16309)

### Related:

1. [South Africa formally begins the process of withdrawing from the International Criminal Court amid a dispute over the country's refusal to arrest Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir at last year's African Union summit in Johannesburg. ](/news/2016/10/21/south-africa-formally-begins-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-the-international-criminal-court-amid-a-dispute-over-the-country-s-refusal-to-a.md) _Context: Omar al-Bashir, South Africa, Sudan_
2. [Sudan:. Many international leaders stay away from the inauguration of Omar al-Bashir, wanted by the International Criminal Court for war crimes in Darfur, as he is sworn in as President of Sudan but at least five African presidents attend the event along with two UN representatives. ](/news/2010/05/27/sudan-many-international-leaders-stay-away-from-the-inauguration-of-omar-al-bashir-wanted-by-the-international-criminal-court-for-war-cri.md) _Context: Omar al-Bashir, Sudan, United Nations_
3. [Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir names Vice President Bakri Hassan Saleh as Prime Minister of Sudan, the first person to hold the post since it was abolished following the 1989 Sudanese coup d'etat. ](/news/2017/03/1/sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-names-vice-president-bakri-hassan-saleh-as-prime-minister-of-sudan-the-first-person-to-hold-the-post-sinc.md) _Context: Omar al-Bashir, Sudan_
4. [South Africa will notify the United Nations that the country is withdrawing from the International Criminal Court (ICC). This separation would take effect one year from when notice is formally received by the U.N. Secretary-General. Last week, Burundi's parliament voted to leave the ICC, but the required paperwork has not yet reached the U.N. ](/news/2016/10/20/south-africa-will-notify-the-united-nations-that-the-country-is-withdrawing-from-the-international-criminal-court-icc-this-separation-wou.md) _Context: South Africa, United Nations_
5. [South Africa plans to leave the International Criminal Court (ICC) as the government faces criticism for, earlier this year, ignoring a court order to arrest Sudan's president. ](/news/2015/10/11/south-africa-plans-to-leave-the-international-criminal-court-icc-as-the-government-faces-criticism-for-earlier-this-year-ignoring-a-cour.md) _Context: South Africa, Sudan_
6. [South Africa reviews its participation in the International Criminal Court following a failed attempt to arrest the President of Sudan, Omar al-Bashir, on South African soil. ](/news/2015/06/25/south-africa-reviews-its-participation-in-the-international-criminal-court-following-a-failed-attempt-to-arrest-the-president-of-sudan-omar.md) _Context: Omar al-Bashir, South Africa_
7. [International Criminal Court investigation in Darfur. The High Court in Pretoria rules that the President of Sudan Omar Al-Bashir should be arrested in South Africa and detained pending a formal request from the International Criminal Court. However, immediately after the ruling, the South African Government announces that Al-Bashir has already departed. He is wanted in connection with the war in Darfur. ](/news/2015/06/15/international-criminal-court-investigation-in-darfur-the-high-court-in-pretoria-rules-that-the-president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-should-be.md) _Context: Omar al-Bashir, South Africa_
8. [International Criminal Court investigation in Darfur. The International Criminal Court asks South Africa to arrest the President of Sudan Omar al-Bashir for alleged war crimes when he arrives at the African Union summit. ](/news/2015/06/14/international-criminal-court-investigation-in-darfur-the-international-criminal-court-asks-south-africa-to-arrest-the-president-of-sudan-om.md) _Context: Omar al-Bashir, South Africa_
9. [Sudanese general election, 2015. Sudan's Electoral Commission declares that incumbent President of Sudan Omar al-Bashir won re-election with 94.4 per cent of the vote extending his 25 year rule. He has been indicted multiple times by the International Criminal Court for being personally responsible for war crimes committed in Darfur and elsewhere in Sudan. ](/news/2015/04/27/sudanese-general-election-2015-sudan-s-electoral-commission-declares-that-incumbent-president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-won-re-election-with.md) _Context: Omar al-Bashir, Sudan_
10. [The United Nations seeks $16.4 billion to fund humanitarian assistance programs in 2015 with Syria, Iraq, Sudan and South Sudan the areas of greatest need. ](/news/2014/12/8/the-united-nations-seeks-16-4-billion-to-fund-humanitarian-assistance-programs-in-2015-with-syria-iraq-sudan-and-south-sudan-the-areas-of.md) _Context: Sudan, United Nations_
