### [2016-10-25](/news/2016/10/25/index.md)

# 2016 Uri attack. Pakistan-based terrorist organization Lashkar-e-Taiba claims responsibility for the attack on the Uri military camp in the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir. 

Funeral prayers in absentia for one of the Uri attackers, organized by LeT&rsquo;s parent organization Jamaat-ud-Dawa, are to be held in Gujranwala of Punjab, Pakistan, according to posters widely circulated on social media.


### Source:

1. [The Times of India](http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/Lashkar-claims-responsibility-for-Uri-terror-attack/articleshow/55047490.cms)

### Related:

1. [2008 Mumbai attacks. Pakistan detains Hafiz Muhammad Saeed, the suspected mastermind of the 2008 attacks in the Indian city. Saeed, co-founder of the active terrorist organization Lashkar-e-Taiba, is being held under house arrest in Lahore in Pakistan's Punjab Province. Four other men are also under house arrest in the area. ](/news/2017/01/31/2008-mumbai-attacks-pakistan-detains-hafiz-muhammad-saeed-the-suspected-mastermind-of-the-2008-attacks-in-the-indian-city-saeed-co-found.md) _Context: Lashkar-e-Taiba, Pakistan_
2. [19th SAARC summit. Members of the 19th South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) summit, scheduled to be held in Pakistan during November 2016, postpone the meeting following a Indian-led boycott, including Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Bhutan in response to Pakistan's alleged involvement in a deadly terrorist attack on a Indian Army base in Uri, Jammu and Kashmir, on September 18. ](/news/2016/09/28/19th-saarc-summit-members-of-the-19th-south-asian-association-for-regional-cooperation-saarc-summit-scheduled-to-be-held-in-pakistan-dur.md) _Context: 2016 Uri attack, Pakistan_
3. [Kashmir insurgency. Four Jaish-e-Mohammed militants attack an Indian Army base near the Pakistan border with at least 17 soldiers and four militants killed. ](/news/2016/09/18/kashmir-insurgency-four-jaish-e-mohammed-militants-attack-an-indian-army-base-near-the-pakistan-border-with-at-least-17-soldiers-and-four-m.md) _Context: 2016 Uri attack, Pakistan_
4. [ Indian police accuse Pakistan's security and intelligence service, the ISI, of masterminding the Mumbai train bombings in July, carried out by militant group Lashkar-e-Taiba, which killed nearly 200 people. ](/news/2006/09/30/indian-police-accuse-pakistan-s-security-and-intelligence-service-the-isi-of-masterminding-the-mumbai-train-bombings-in-july-carried-out.md) _Context: Lashkar-e-Taiba, Pakistan_
5. [Religion in Pakistan. Pakistan holds a state funeral for German-born Catholic nun Ruth Pfau, known as "Pakistan's Mother Teresa," who devoted her life to eradicating leprosy in the South Asian country. ](/news/2017/08/19/religion-in-pakistan-pakistan-holds-a-state-funeral-for-german-born-catholic-nun-ruth-pfau-known-as-pakistan-s-mother-teresa-who-devote.md) _Context: Pakistan_
6. [War in North-West Pakistan. August 2017 Quetta suicide bombing. A suicide bombing took place near a Pakistan army truck in Quetta, Balochistan, Pakistan, leaving 15 people dead including 8 soldiers, while injuring 40 others. ](/news/2017/08/12/war-in-north-west-pakistan-august-2017-quetta-suicide-bombing-a-suicide-bombing-took-place-near-a-pakistan-army-truck-in-quetta-balochist.md) _Context: Pakistan_
7. [War in North-West Pakistan. Chinese authorities report "grave concern" over reports that two kidnapped Chinese teachers in Quetta, Pakistan, were killed by members of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2017/06/9/war-in-north-west-pakistan-chinese-authorities-report-grave-concern-over-reports-that-two-kidnapped-chinese-teachers-in-quetta-pakistan.md) _Context: Pakistan_
8. [Charra Pani cable car accident. At least twelve people die and two others are injured after a cable car falls nearly 500 feet into a ditch in Charra Pani, Galyat, Pakistan. ](/news/2017/06/29/charra-pani-cable-car-accident-at-least-twelve-people-die-and-two-others-are-injured-after-a-cable-car-falls-nearly-500-feet-into-a-ditch-i.md) _Context: Pakistan_
9. [2017 Bahawalpur explosion. Over 150 people die and dozens are injured, many critically, when an oil tanker truck overturns and explodes as people from surrounding villages gather around the truck to collect the spilling oil. The accident happened in Bahawalpur, eastern Pakistan. ](/news/2017/06/25/2017-bahawalpur-explosion-over-150-people-die-and-dozens-are-injured-many-critically-when-an-oil-tanker-truck-overturns-and-explodes-as-p.md) _Context: Pakistan_
10. [Insurgency in Balochistan. Gunmen open fire on construction workers at Gwadar Port, Pakistan, killing at least 10 people. The Balochistan Liberation Army claimed responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/05/13/insurgency-in-balochistan-gunmen-open-fire-on-construction-workers-at-gwadar-port-pakistan-killing-at-least-10-people-the-balochistan-li.md) _Context: Pakistan_
