### [2016-10-25](/news/2016/10/25/index.md)

# Pakistan-based terrorist organization Lashkar-e-Taiba claims responsibility for the attack on the Uri military camp in the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir. 

Funeral prayers in absentia for one of the Uri attackers, organized by LeT&rsquo;s parent organization Jamaat-ud-Dawa, are to be held in Gujranwala of Punjab, Pakistan, according to posters widely circulated on social media.


### Source:

1. [The Times of India](http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/Lashkar-claims-responsibility-for-Uri-terror-attack/articleshow/55047490.cms)

### Related:

1. [Pakistan detains Hafiz Muhammad Saeed, the suspected mastermind of the 2008 attacks in the  Indian city. Saeed, co-founder of the active terrorist organization Lashkar-e-Taiba, is being held under house arrest in Lahore in Pakistan's Punjab Province. Four other men are also under house arrest in the area. ](/news/2017/01/31/pakistan-detains-hafiz-muhammad-saeed-the-suspected-mastermind-of-the-2008-attacks-in-the-indian-city-saeed-co-founder-of-the-active-ter.md) _Context: Lashkar-e-Taiba, Pakistan_
2. [Members of the 19th South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) summit, scheduled to be held in Pakistan during November 2016, postpone the meeting following a Indian-led boycott, including Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Bhutan in response to Pakistan's alleged involvement in a deadly terrorist attack on a Indian Army base in Uri, Jammu and Kashmir, on September 18. ](/news/2016/09/28/members-of-the-19th-south-asian-association-for-regional-cooperation-saarc-summit-scheduled-to-be-held-in-pakistan-during-november-2016.md) _Context: 2016 Uri attack, Pakistan_
3. [Four Jaish-e-Mohammed militants attack an Indian Army base near the Pakistan border with at least 17 soldiers and four militants killed. ](/news/2016/09/18/four-jaish-e-mohammed-militants-attack-an-indian-army-base-near-the-pakistan-border-with-at-least-17-soldiers-and-four-militants-killed.md) _Context: 2016 Uri attack, Pakistan_
4. [ Indian police accuse Pakistan's security and intelligence service, the ISI, of masterminding the Mumbai train bombings in July, carried out by militant group Lashkar-e-Taiba, which killed nearly 200 people. ](/news/2006/09/30/indian-police-accuse-pakistan-s-security-and-intelligence-service-the-isi-of-masterminding-the-mumbai-train-bombings-in-july-carried-out.md) _Context: Lashkar-e-Taiba, Pakistan_
5. [Chinese authorities report "grave concern" over reports that two kidnapped Chinese teachers in Quetta, Pakistan, were killed by members of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2017/06/9/chinese-authorities-report-grave-concern-over-reports-that-two-kidnapped-chinese-teachers-in-quetta-pakistan-were-killed-by-members-of-t.md) _Context: Pakistan_
6. [Over 150 people die and dozens are injured, many critically, when an oil tanker truck overturns and explodes as people from surrounding villages gather around the truck to collect the spilling oil. The accident happened in Bahawalpur, eastern Pakistan. ](/news/2017/06/25/over-150-people-die-and-dozens-are-injured-many-critically-when-an-oil-tanker-truck-overturns-and-explodes-as-people-from-surrounding-vill.md) _Context: Pakistan_
7. [Gunmen open fire on construction workers at Gwadar Port, Pakistan, killing at least 10 people. The Balochistan Liberation Army claimed responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/05/13/gunmen-open-fire-on-construction-workers-at-gwadar-port-pakistan-killing-at-least-10-people-the-balochistan-liberation-army-claimed-respo.md) _Context: Pakistan_
8. [At least ten Iranian border guards are killed in an ambush in the southeastern Sistan and Baluchestan Province on the border with Pakistan. Sunni militant group Jaish ul-Adl claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/04/26/at-least-ten-iranian-border-guards-are-killed-in-an-ambush-in-the-southeastern-sistan-and-baluchestan-province-on-the-border-with-pakistan.md) _Context: Pakistan_
9. [Pakistan's opposition interrupts Parliament's scheduled session demanding   Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif resign during the investigation of his finances, per Thursday's Supreme Court ruling. ](/news/2017/04/21/pakistan-s-opposition-interrupts-parliament-s-scheduled-session-demanding-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-resign-during-the-investigation-of-h.md) _Context: Pakistan_
10. [Arms trader Jacques Monsieur is to defend himself again at a Brussels court against accusations of arms trafficking to Libya, Chad, Guinea-Bissau, Pakistan and Iran between 2006 and 2009. ](/news/2017/04/21/arms-trader-jacques-monsieur-is-to-defend-himself-again-at-a-brussels-court-against-accusations-of-arms-trafficking-to-libya-chad-guinea-b.md) _Context: Pakistan_
