### [2016-10-25](/news/2016/10/25/index.md)

# U.S. District Judge Charles R. Breyer in San Francisco approves German automaker Volkswagen $14.7 billion settlement with federal and California regulators and the owners of the 475,000 polluting diesel vehicles over diesel emissions cheating scandal. Volkswagen still faces billions of dollars more in fines and litigation. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-volkswagen-emissions-idUSKCN12P22F)

### Related:

1. [Volkswagen agrees to pay $175 million to United States lawyers suing the German automaker on behalf of the owners of 475,000 polluting vehicles. ](/news/2016/10/14/volkswagen-agrees-to-pay-175-million-to-united-states-lawyers-suing-the-german-automaker-on-behalf-of-the-owners-of-475-000-polluting-vehic.md) _Context: Germany, US$, Volkswagen_
2. [California and San Francisco sue the United States Federal government over its opposition towards sanctuary cities. ](/news/2017/08/14/california-and-san-francisco-sue-the-united-states-federal-government-over-its-opposition-towards-sanctuary-cities.md) _Context: California, San Francisco_
3. [Four people, including the gunman, are dead, and six injured, after a man opens fire at people in a UPS building in the Potrero Hill neighborhood of San Francisco, California. ](/news/2017/06/14/four-people-including-the-gunman-are-dead-and-six-injured-after-a-man-opens-fire-at-people-in-a-ups-building-in-the-potrero-hill-neighbo.md) _Context: California, San Francisco_
4. [Uber suspends tests of its self-driving cars in San Francisco, California, after the California Department of Motor Vehicles revoked the registration of the vehicles in the state in response to two red-light violations. ](/news/2016/12/21/uber-suspends-tests-of-its-self-driving-cars-in-san-francisco-california-after-the-california-department-of-motor-vehicles-revoked-the-reg.md) _Context: California, San Francisco_
5. [The father of  Cal State Long Beach student Nohemi Gonzalez, the only American killed in the November 13, 2015, Paris massacre, files suit in San Francisco, California, federal court against Twitter, Facebook, and Google, alleging the companies provided "material support" to the Islamic State and other extremist groups. While  generally free of liability under U.S. law  which  provides a legal ''safe harbor'' for content posted, this case targets  the behavior social media companies enable. The suit is very similar to a case brought against Twitter in January by the widow of a contractor killed in the November 9, 2015, attack in Jordan. ](/news/2016/06/15/the-father-of-cal-state-long-beach-student-nohemi-gonzalez-the-only-american-killed-in-the-november-13-2015-paris-massacre-files-suit-i.md) _Context: California, San Francisco_
6. [Uber, in San Francisco, California (U.S.), federal court, says it will pay $28.5 million to settle two lawsuits over misleading background check information. Prosecutors settled a similar lawsuit with  competitor Lyft in 2014. ](/news/2016/02/11/uber-in-san-francisco-california-u-s-federal-court-says-it-will-pay-28-5-million-to-settle-two-lawsuits-over-misleading-background-c.md) _Context: California, San Francisco_
7. [The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA)  and California's CARB are  widening the Volkswagen investigation  into several more expensive VW, Porsche, and Audi automobiles with 3.0-liter diesel engines in model years 2014 through 2016. Volkswagen says it installed no defeat device software on its 3.0 litre V6 diesel cars and is cooperating with the agency to fully investigate the matter. ](/news/2015/11/2/the-u-s-environmental-protection-agency-epa-and-california-s-carb-are-widening-the-volkswagen-investigation-into-several-more-expensiv.md) _Context: California, Volkswagen_
8. [The German  automotive watchdog KBA orders Volkswagen to recall 2.4 million cars in that country after the emissions scandal becomes public knowledge. ](/news/2015/10/15/the-german-automotive-watchdog-kba-orders-volkswagen-to-recall-2-4-million-cars-in-that-country-after-the-emissions-scandal-becomes-public.md) _Context: Germany, Volkswagen_
9. [The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency orders Volkswagen to fix nearly 500,000 VW and Audi diesel cars from model years 2009-2015 that include software that circumvents EPA emissions standards. The company's illegal use of so-called "defeat devices" threaten public health, in some cases releasing 40 times the pollution standard of nitrogen oxide emissions. The company faces possible U.S. fines of up to $37,500 per vehicle for the violations which could total more than $18 billion. ](/news/2015/09/18/the-u-s-environmental-protection-agency-orders-volkswagen-to-fix-nearly-500-000-vw-and-audi-diesel-cars-from-model-years-2009-2015-that-inc.md) _Context: US$, Volkswagen_
10. [A shooting into a car in San Francisco, California, U.S., leaves four men dead. ](/news/2015/01/9/a-shooting-into-a-car-in-san-francisco-california-u-s-leaves-four-men-dead.md) _Context: California, San Francisco_
