### [2011-01-31](/news/2011/01/31/index.md)

# British Defence Secretary Liam Fox says that Iran could have a nuclear weapon by next year and that the assessment of Meir Dagan, outgoing director of the Israeli intelligence agency Mossad, that Iran would not be able to produce a nuclear bomb before 2015 could be overly optimistic; Iran rejects Fox's remarks.

Western powers should work on the assumption that Iran could have a nuclear weapon by next year and an Israeli intelligence assessment of 2015 could be over-optimistic, British Defence Secretary Liam Fox said on Monday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/2011/01/31/idINIndia-54542220110131?rpc=401&feedType=RSS&feedName=worldNews&rpc=401)
2. [UKPA](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ukpress/article/ALeqM5gGjd9DvnDYFe97UC3alTUrPPws3Q?docId=N0479931296554347217A)

### Related:

1. [United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon urges Iran to comply with U.N. Security Council resolutions concerning the nuclear program of Iran, and implicitly criticises it for its Israel policy at a meeting of the Non-Aligned Movement. ](/news/2012/08/30/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-urges-iran-to-comply-with-u-n-security-council-resolutions-concerning-the-nuclear-program-of-i.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, nuclear scientist_
2. [Daniel B. Shapiro, United States ambassador to Israel, says that the United States "is ready" to attack Iran to prevent the development of nuclear weapons within Iran. ](/news/2012/05/17/daniel-b-shapiro-united-states-ambassador-to-israel-says-that-the-united-states-is-ready-to-attack-iran-to-prevent-the-development-of-n.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, nuclear scientist_
3. [Iran rebukes Azerbaijan for allegedly assisting Israel's Mossad secret service in operations against it. ](/news/2012/02/12/iran-rebukes-azerbaijan-for-allegedly-assisting-israel-s-mossad-secret-service-in-operations-against-it.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, Mossad_
4. [The Iranian government says the International Atomic Energy Agency spies on its nuclear program and reiterates its belief that the CIA, Mossad and MI6 murdered Majid Shahriari earlier this week. ](/news/2010/12/4/the-iranian-government-says-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-spies-on-its-nuclear-program-and-reiterates-its-belief-that-the-cia-moss.md) _Context: Iran, Mossad, nuclear scientist_
5. [Police in Iran make several arrests of suspects in relation to an attack on two nuclear physicists that it claims are connected to the United States Central Intelligence Agency, Mossad from Israel, and MI6 in the United Kingdom. ](/news/2010/12/2/police-in-iran-make-several-arrests-of-suspects-in-relation-to-an-attack-on-two-nuclear-physicists-that-it-claims-are-connected-to-the-unite.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, Mossad_
6. [Israel rejects call to take part in a conference aimed at achieving a nuclear-arms free Middle East, citing the document agreed to at the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty talks in which Israel was singled out, but which did not mention Iran, widely suspected of having a nuclear-weapons program, or declared nuclear states India and Pakistan, who have not signed the treaty.](/news/2010/05/29/israel-rejects-call-to-take-part-in-a-conference-aimed-at-achieving-a-nuclear-arms-free-middle-east-citing-the-document-agreed-to-at-the-nu.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, nuclear scientist_
7. [ Iran says it will hold the US responsible for any Israeli attack against their country, in response to US Vice President Joe Biden's claim that the US will not interfere in an Israeli attack on Iranian nuclear facilities. ](/news/2009/07/6/iran-says-it-will-hold-the-us-responsible-for-any-israeli-attack-against-their-country-in-response-to-us-vice-president-joe-biden-s-claim.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, nuclear scientist_
8. [Iran confirms it has executed nuclear scientist Shahram Amiri by hanging for treason. Iranian judiciary spokesman Gholam-Hossein Mohseni-Eje'i says Amiri was charged with spying for enemies of the Islamic Republic of Iran and that U.S. officials had been unaware that Iran was monitoring Amiri's efforts for the West. His body was returned to his family with rope marks around his neck. ](/news/2016/08/7/iran-confirms-it-has-executed-nuclear-scientist-shahram-amiri-by-hanging-for-treason-iranian-judiciary-spokesman-gholam-hossein-mohseni-eje.md) _Context: Iran, nuclear scientist_
9. [Home Secretary Theresa May gets 165 votes after the first ballot of Conservative members of parliament  to select a new Leader and the next Prime Minister.  Her nearest rival,  Minister of State for Energy Andrea Leadsom, picked up 66 votes.  Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove won 48 votes, and  Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Stephen Crabb got 34 votes. Former Secretary of State for Defence Liam Fox is eliminated from consideration as he received just 16. Later, Crabb pulled out of the race  and endorsed front-runner Theresa May. Fox also endorsed May. ](/news/2016/07/5/home-secretary-theresa-may-gets-165-votes-after-the-first-ballot-of-conservative-members-of-parliament-to-select-a-new-leader-and-the-next.md) _Context: Liam Fox, Secretary of State for Defence_
10. [An explosion occurs in Taksim Square in Istanbul, Turkey, kills five people, including two dual citizenship Israeli-Americans and one Iranian citizen, and injures several dozen others. ](/news/2016/03/19/an-explosion-occurs-in-taksim-square-in-istanbul-turkey-kills-five-people-including-two-dual-citizenship-israeli-americans-and-one-irania.md) _Context: Iran, Israel_
