### [2011-01-31](/news/2011/01/31/index.md)

# Oman says it has uncovered a spy network from the United Arab Emirates operating in the country. 

Oman says it has uncovered a UAE spy network in the Gulf Arab state that targeted its government and military.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2011/01/20111311523946478.html)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.aljazeera.com/mritems/Images/2010/11/8/2010118145044889436_20.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The Gulf Cooperation Council formally designates Lebanon's Hezbollah militia a terrorist organization. The GCC member states are Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates. ](/news/2016/03/2/the-gulf-cooperation-council-formally-designates-lebanon-s-hezbollah-militia-a-terrorist-organization-the-gcc-member-states-are-bahrain-ku.md) _Context: Oman, United Arab Emirates_
2. [Hillary Clinton of the United States speaks out against Iran in Abu Dhabi during a five-day trip to the United Arab Emirates, Oman and Qatar. She requests that the world increase its pressure on Iran, a country she considers "a serious concern". ](/news/2011/01/9/hillary-clinton-of-the-united-states-speaks-out-against-iran-in-abu-dhabi-during-a-five-day-trip-to-the-united-arab-emirates-oman-and-qatar.md) _Context: Oman, United Arab Emirates_
3. [The United Arab Emirates says the incident in which the Japanese tanker, the MV "M. Star", was damaged in the Strait of Hormuz near Oman last week involved an explosives-laden dinghy. ](/news/2010/08/6/the-united-arab-emirates-says-the-incident-in-which-the-japanese-tanker-the-mv-m-star-was-damaged-in-the-strait-of-hormuz-near-oman-las.md) _Context: Oman, United Arab Emirates_
4. [ The INS registration deadline for males in the United States aged 16 and older from Afghanistan, Algeria, Bahrain, Eritrea, Lebanon, Morocco, North Korea, Oman, Qatar, Somalia, Tunisia, United Arab Emirates and Yemen. A controversial Bush administration policy designed to capture terrorists requires all such men to submit to "special registration" procedures consisting of fingerprinting, photographing, and lengthy interviews concerning their whereabouts, associations, and activities.](/news/2003/01/10/the-ins-registration-deadline-for-males-in-the-united-states-aged-16-and-older-from-afghanistan-algeria-bahrain-eritrea-lebanon-morocc.md) _Context: Oman, United Arab Emirates_
5. [City officials in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, announce that residents will receive incentives for swapping their petrol engine vehicles for electric ones, including a free Salik tag, and an exemption from RTA registration and renewal vehicle fees. ](/news/2017/09/24/city-officials-in-dubai-united-arab-emirates-announce-that-residents-will-receive-incentives-for-swapping-their-petrol-engine-vehicles-for.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
6. [A fire at the 79-story Dubai Torch Tower in the United Arab Emirates, which forced nighttime evacuations, was under control in a few hours with no serious injuries immediately reported. The building's exterior was still being renovated from a fire in February, 2015, which investigators had blamed, at least in part, to flammable siding, echoing the findings of this past June's Grenfell Tower fire in London. ](/news/2017/08/4/a-fire-at-the-79-story-dubai-torch-tower-in-the-united-arab-emirates-which-forced-nighttime-evacuations-was-under-control-in-a-few-hours-w.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
7. [Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt-bahrain-and-unite.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
8. [Human rights activists accuse forces led by Saudi Arabia and the UAE of kidnapping and torturing people during the Yemeni conflict. ](/news/2017/06/9/human-rights-activists-accuse-forces-led-by-saudi-arabia-and-the-uae-of-kidnapping-and-torturing-people-during-the-yemeni-conflict.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
9. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
10. [The Bahrain News Agency publishes an official list of the demands from Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt towards Qatar. Turkey says the demands on Qatar are unlawful. ](/news/2017/06/25/the-bahrain-news-agency-publishes-an-official-list-of-the-demands-from-saudi-arabia-bahrain-the-united-arab-emirates-and-egypt-towards-qat.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
