### [2011-01-31](/news/2011/01/31/index.md)

# The Japanese government urges residents living near the Shinmoedake volcano in Kyushu to evacuate as eruptions become worse. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''Winnipeg Free Press](http://www.winnipegfreepress.com/breakingnews/volcano-spews-ash-and-smoke-over-nearby-japanese-towns-about-600-people-seek-shelter-114907939.html)

### Related:

1. [The Shinmoedake volcano in Kagoshima Prefecture, Japan explodes again. ](/news/2011/03/13/the-shinmoedake-volcano-in-kagoshima-prefecture-japan-explodes-again.md) _Context: Shinmoedake, volcano_
2. [The Shinmoedake volcano on the Japanese island of Kyushu erupts again with its biggest explosion since becoming active again. ](/news/2011/02/1/the-shinmoedake-volcano-on-the-japanese-island-of-kya-sha-erupts-again-with-its-biggest-explosion-since-becoming-active-again.md) _Context: Kyushu, Shinmoedake_
3. [More than 134,000 people on the island of Bali, Indonesia, have been taken to shelters as the Mount Agung volcano continues to release smoke. The alert level for an eruption has been raised to the second highest level, 4. In addition, the entire population of Vanuatu's Aoba Island, also at alert level 4, is being moved from the path of the increasingly active Lombenben volcano. ](/news/2017/09/28/more-than-134-000-people-on-the-island-of-bali-indonesia-have-been-taken-to-shelters-as-the-mount-agung-volcano-continues-to-release-smoke.md) _Context: volcano_
4. [Thousands of people on the Indonesian island of Bali flee from their homes due to concerns over Mount Agung erupting. The alert status for the volcano was increased to the highest level possible yesterday. ](/news/2017/09/23/thousands-of-people-on-the-indonesian-island-of-bali-flee-from-their-homes-due-to-concerns-over-mount-agung-erupting-the-alert-status-for-t.md) _Context: volcano_
5. [Durham and Oxford universities' geologists, working with a helium exploration company, discover an at least 54 billion cubic foot field of helium in the Tanzanian East African Rift Valley. Previously, helium has only been found in small quantities. This field, found using a new exploration approach connected to volcanic activity, could potentially meet global demand for several years. ](/news/2016/06/28/durham-and-oxford-universities-geologists-working-with-a-helium-exploration-company-discover-an-at-least-54-billion-cubic-foot-field-of-h.md) _Context: volcano_
6. [Hearings begin in the legal battle between the Japanese government and local officials in Okinawa over plans to move a U.S. military air base on the southern island. This fall, Okinawa Governor Takeshi Onaga revoked his predecessor's authorization for a US Marine Corps air base. ](/news/2015/12/2/hearings-begin-in-the-legal-battle-between-the-japanese-government-and-local-officials-in-okinawa-over-plans-to-move-a-u-s-military-air-bas.md) _Context: Japanese government_
7. [Ash from Indonesia's Mount Rinjani volcano closes Bali's Ngurah Rai International Airport, the country's third busiest. Nearly 700 flights are cancelled. Officials will re-evaluate the situation tomorrow. Mount Rinjani started spewing ash last weekend. ](/news/2015/11/4/ash-from-indonesia-s-mount-rinjani-volcano-closes-bali-s-ngurah-rai-international-airport-the-country-s-third-busiest-nearly-700-flights-a.md) _Context: volcano_
8. [Japan advises the International Whaling Commission that it plans to resume hunting minke whales for scientific research in the Antarctic Ocean by the end of March 2016. The United Nations' International Court of Justice (ICJ) ruled in March 2014 that Japan's decades-old whale hunt in the Antarctic should stop, prompting Tokyo to cancel the bulk of its whaling for the 2014/2015 season. ICJ decisions were binding and cannot be appealed. ](/news/2015/11/28/japan-advises-the-international-whaling-commission-that-it-plans-to-resume-hunting-minke-whales-for-scientific-research-in-the-antarctic-oce.md) _Context: Japanese government_
9. [Reuters reports Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Philippine President Benigno Aquino are set to agree on a deal paving the way for Tokyo to directly supply Manila with used military equipment. An announcement is expected this week during the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit in Manila. ](/news/2015/11/15/reuters-reports-japanese-prime-minister-shinza-abe-and-philippine-president-benigno-aquino-are-set-to-agree-on-a-deal-paving-the-way-for-to.md) _Context: Japanese government_
10. [ The Government of Japan invalidates a decision by Takeshi Onaga, governor of Okinawa, to halt the expansion of a U.S. military base on the island. ](/news/2015/10/28/the-government-of-japan-invalidates-a-decision-by-takeshi-onaga-governor-of-okinawa-to-halt-the-expansion-of-a-u-s-military-base-on-the.md) _Context: Japanese government_
