### [2011-01-31](/news/2011/01/31/index.md)

# WikiLeaks:. A new biography of Julian Assange reveals details of how the WikiLeaks spokesperson evaded U.S. officers from the Central Intelligence Agency Assange believed were following him, including his use of disguises. 

Ministers secretly advised Muammar Gaddafi&rsquo;s Libyan regime how to secure the successful early release of the Lockerbie bomber, documents obtained by The Daily Telegraph have disclosed.


### Source:

1. [AFP via ''The Sydney Morning Herald](http://news.smh.com.au/breaking-news-world/wikileaks-assange-dressed-as-old-woman-to-evade-cia-book-20110131-1aa6x.html)
2. [Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/wikileaks/8294120/WikiLeaks-Britain-secretly-advised-Libya-how-to-secure-release-of-Lockerbie-bomber.html?sms_ss=twitter&at_xt=4d472fe517f76ce5,0)

### Related:

1. ["Assange v Swedish Prosecution Authority". Swedish prosecutors drop a seven-year sexual assault investigation into WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. ](/news/2017/05/19/assange-v-swedish-prosecution-authority-swedish-prosecutors-drop-a-seven-year-sexual-assault-investigation-into-wikileaks-founder-julian.md) _Context: Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
2. [Vault 7. WikiLeaks releases thousands of documents that it claims provides details of surveillance software used by the United States Central Intelligence Agency. ](/news/2017/03/7/vault-7-wikileaks-releases-thousands-of-documents-that-it-claims-provides-details-of-surveillance-software-used-by-the-united-states-centra.md) _Context: CIA, WikiLeaks_
3. [Wikileaks releases U.S. Central Intelligence Agency director John O. Brennan's personal information after the top spy's personal email account was allegedly hacked by a 13-year-old and information sent to Wikileaks. All of the documents predate Brennan's time in the Obama administration and reveal no classified data. Among the information released are Social Security numbers, an incomplete questionnaire for security clearance, and addresses of his family and associates. ](/news/2015/10/21/wikileaks-releases-u-s-central-intelligence-agency-director-john-o-brennan-s-personal-information-after-the-top-spy-s-personal-email-accou.md) _Context: CIA, WikiLeaks_
4. [London police end their three-year long, round-the-clock guard outside the Ecuadorian Embassy waiting to arrest WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. Officers have been stationed at this embassy since June 2012. Police said the operation cost 11.1 million pounds (17.6 million dollars) through April 2015. Assange is wanted for jumping bail in England and sexual assault allegations in Sweden. Assange denies the Swedish charges and suspects the real reason is to bring him to the U.S. ](/news/2015/10/12/london-police-end-their-three-year-long-round-the-clock-guard-outside-the-ecuadorian-embassy-waiting-to-arrest-wikileaks-founder-julian-ass.md) _Context: Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
5. [Assange v Swedish Prosecution Authority. Swedish prosecutors drop some charges against Wikileaks founder Julian Assange as the statute of limitations expire but will continue to investigate rape claims. ](/news/2015/08/13/assange-v-swedish-prosecution-authority-swedish-prosecutors-drop-some-charges-against-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-as-the-statute-of-li.md) _Context: Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
6. [The Swedish Supreme Court rejects a bid from Wikileaks founder Julian Assange to revoke the warrant for his detention in 2010. ](/news/2015/05/11/the-swedish-supreme-court-rejects-a-bid-from-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-to-revoke-the-warrant-for-his-detention-in-2010.md) _Context: Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
7. [Wikileaks founder Julian Assange, who is wanted for questioning in Sweden, says that he will leave his refuge in the Ecuadorean embassy in London "soon". ](/news/2014/08/18/wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-who-is-wanted-for-questioning-in-sweden-says-that-he-will-leave-his-refuge-in-the-ecuadorean-embassy-in-l.md) _Context: Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
8. [Talks between the foreign ministers of Britain and Ecuador end with no breakthrough over WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, who remains in the country's London embassy. ](/news/2013/06/17/talks-between-the-foreign-ministers-of-britain-and-ecuador-end-with-no-breakthrough-over-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-who-remains-in-th.md) _Context: Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
9. [Julian Assange issues a statement to supporters from a balcony of London's Ecuadorean embassy, in which he refers to the U.S. Pentagon's recent description of the existence of WikiLeaks as an "ongoing crime" and suggests it is the intention of WikiLeaks to release a million more documents in 2013. ](/news/2012/12/20/julian-assange-issues-a-statement-to-supporters-from-a-balcony-of-london-s-ecuadorean-embassy-in-which-he-refers-to-the-u-s-pentagon-s-rec.md) _Context: Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
10. [Swedish forensic scientists find no conclusive evidence of Wikileaks founder Julian Assange's DNA in a torn condom submitted by one of his alleged rape victims. The condom had been a key piece of evidence in Sweden's case against Assange. ](/news/2012/09/17/swedish-forensic-scientists-find-no-conclusive-evidence-of-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-s-dna-in-a-torn-condom-submitted-by-one-of-his-a.md) _Context: Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
