### [2006-06-8](/news/2006/06/8/index.md)

#  Former Malaysian Prime Minister Mahathir bin Mohamad declares his successor, Abdullah Ahmad Badawi, betrayed his trust &mdash; Mahathir's strongest criticism of Abdullah's administration yet. ([http://www.malaysia-today.net/Blog-e/2006/06/velvet-gloves-come-off.htm Malaysia Today])




### Related:

1. [ Prime Minister of Malaysia Abdullah Ahmad Badawi states that the governing United Malays National Organisation (UMNO) will punish Ahmad Ismail, a party official, for a series of statements he made about Malaysia's ethnic Chinese population. ](/news/2008/09/9/prime-minister-of-malaysia-abdullah-ahmad-badawi-states-that-the-governing-united-malays-national-organisation-umno-will-punish-ahmad-ism.md) _Context: Abdullah Ahmad Badawi, Malaysian Prime Minister_
2. [ Former Prime Minister of Malaysia, Mahathir Mohamad, tenders his resignation from the country's ruling political party, the United Malays National Organisation (UMNO). ](/news/2008/05/19/former-prime-minister-of-malaysia-mahathir-mohamad-tenders-his-resignation-from-the-country-s-ruling-political-party-the-united-malays-n.md) _Context: Mahathir Mohamad, Malaysian Prime Minister_
3. [ An independent commission to investigate the Malaysian prisoner abuse scandal is established by Prime Minister of Malaysia Abdullah Ahmad Badawi. ](/news/2005/12/2/an-independent-commission-to-investigate-the-malaysian-prisoner-abuse-scandal-is-established-by-prime-minister-of-malaysia-abdullah-ahmad-b.md) _Context: Abdullah Ahmad Badawi, Malaysian Prime Minister_
4. [Rohingya protests: Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak leads a protest rally against the persecution of Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority in the predominately Buddhist country, and calls on Myanmar State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi and the United Nations to address the Rohingya's plight and end the violence. Myanmar's president's office said the rally is timed for Malaysian political purposes, and that Malaysia should respect the Association of Southeast Asian Nations's principle on sovereignty. ](/news/2016/12/4/rohingya-protests-malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-leads-a-protest-rally-against-the-persecution-of-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority.md) _Context: Malaysian Prime Minister_
5. [Rohingya insurgency in Western Myanmar: The Government of Malaysia claims that violence against Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority is "ethnic cleansing" ahead of a march in Kuala Lumpur led by Prime Minister Najib Razak. ](/news/2016/12/3/rohingya-insurgency-in-western-myanmar-the-government-of-malaysia-claims-that-violence-against-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority-is-ethni.md) _Context: Malaysian Prime Minister_
6. [Bersih 5 rally: Tens of thousands of people protest in the Malaysian capital Kuala Lumpur, calling for Prime Minister Najib Razak to step down amid an ongoing corruption scandal involving 1Malaysia Development Berhad. ](/news/2016/11/19/bersih-5-rally-tens-of-thousands-of-people-protest-in-the-malaysian-capital-kuala-lumpur-calling-for-prime-minister-najib-razak-to-step-do.md) _Context: Malaysian Prime Minister_
7. [The Malaysian National Security Council Act comes into effect giving the Prime Minister of Malaysia Najib Razak sweeping new powers. ](/news/2016/08/1/the-malaysian-national-security-council-act-comes-into-effect-giving-the-prime-minister-of-malaysia-najib-razak-sweeping-new-powers.md) _Context: Malaysian Prime Minister_
8. [Status of press freedom worldwide: Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop says the government is very concerned about Saturday's arrest and detention of two Australian Broadcasting Corporation journalists who attempted to interview Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak. The pair, who are in Malaysia to investigate allegations of corruption and bribery involving the prime minister, were detained by Malaysian police for six hours, and told not to leave the country. ](/news/2016/03/14/status-of-press-freedom-worldwide-australian-foreign-minister-julie-bishop-says-the-government-is-very-concerned-about-saturday-s-arrest-an.md) _Context: Malaysian Prime Minister_
9. [Former Prime Minister of Malaysia Mahathir Mohamad quits the ruling United Malays National Organisation due to concerns over "corruption" under current PM Najib Razak. ](/news/2016/02/29/former-prime-minister-of-malaysia-mahathir-mohamad-quits-the-ruling-united-malays-national-organisation-due-to-concerns-over-corruption-un.md) _Context: Malaysian Prime Minister_
10. [The Prime Minister of Malaysia Najib Razak is cleared of corruption by the Attorney-General of Malaysia Apandi Ali after returning US$607 million worth of donations to his personal account from the Saudi Royal Family. ](/news/2016/01/26/the-prime-minister-of-malaysia-najib-razak-is-cleared-of-corruption-by-the-attorney-general-of-malaysia-apandi-ali-after-returning-us-607-mi.md) _Context: Malaysian Prime Minister_
