### [2006-06-8](/news/2006/06/8/index.md)

#  The U.S. House of Representatives definitively rejects the concept of Net neutrality ([http://news.zdnet.com/2100-9588_22-6081882.html ZDNet])




### Related:

1. [The Congressional Budget Office predicts that in the next decade, the new health care bill recently approved by the U.S. House of Representatives will reduce the federal deficit by $120 billion and leave 23 million more Americans uninsured, as opposed to current law. ](/news/2017/05/24/the-congressional-budget-office-predicts-that-in-the-next-decade-the-new-health-care-bill-recently-approved-by-the-u-s-house-of-representa.md) _Context: U.S. House of Representatives_
2. [The Federal Communications Commission votes to overturn a 2015 ruling requiring net neutrality. ](/news/2017/05/19/the-federal-communications-commission-votes-to-overturn-a-2015-ruling-requiring-net-neutrality.md) _Context: net neutrality_
3. [A U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit three-judge  panel upholds the Federal Communications Commission's net neutrality rules that prohibit broadband providers from giving or selling access to faster internet service to selected customers. ](/news/2016/06/14/a-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-district-of-columbia-circuit-three-judge-panel-upholds-the-federal-communications-commission-s-net-neutrali.md) _Context: net neutrality_
4. [A three-judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit hears arguments about whether the net neutrality rules of the Federal Communications Commission are within the FCC's statutory mandate. ](/news/2015/12/4/a-three-judge-panel-of-the-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-d-c-circuit-hears-arguments-about-whether-the-net-neutrality-rules-of-the-federal.md) _Context: net neutrality_
5. [U.S. Senator Patrick Leahy writes to Internet Service Providers asking them to commit to net neutrality, that is, to refrain from engaging in "paid prioritization." ](/news/2014/10/1/u-s-senator-patrick-leahy-writes-to-internet-service-providers-asking-them-to-commit-to-net-neutrality-that-is-to-refrain-from-engaging-i.md) _Context: net neutrality_
6. [The Republican Party-controlled U.S. House of Representatives votes to raise the government's borrowing limit for the next year, without attaching conditions, and sends the measure to the Senate for approval. ](/news/2014/02/11/the-republican-party-controlled-u-s-house-of-representatives-votes-to-raise-the-government-s-borrowing-limit-for-the-next-year-without-att.md) _Context: U.S. House of Representatives_
7. [Republican U.S. House of Representatives member Bill Young of Florida dies in office. ](/news/2013/10/18/republican-u-s-house-of-representatives-member-bill-young-of-florida-dies-in-office.md) _Context: U.S. House of Representatives_
8. [The U.S. House of Representatives voted overwhelmingly to end a Jackson-Vanik amendment, long-standing trade restriction with Russia. Also Magnitsky Law was adopted instead, it requires the United States to place financial and visa restrictions on a list of officials associated with the torture and death, three years ago, of Sergei Magnitsky. ([http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/europe/russia-chafes-as-house-passes-magnitsky-bill/2012/11/16/b589e544-300f-11e2-a30e-5ca76eeec857_story.html Washington Post])](/news/2012/11/16/the-u-s-house-of-representatives-voted-overwhelmingly-to-end-a-jacksonavanik-amendment-long-standing-trade-restriction-with-russia-also.md) _Context: U.S. House of Representatives_
9. [Former CEO of MF Global, Jon Corzine, testifies to a committee of the U.S. House of Representatives that he doesn't know what happened to the hundreds of millions of dollars of customers' money, supposedly in segregated accounts, that appears to be missing. ](/news/2011/12/8/former-ceo-of-mf-global-jon-corzine-testifies-to-a-committee-of-the-u-s-house-of-representatives-that-he-doesn-t-know-what-happened-to-th.md) _Context: U.S. House of Representatives_
10. [In the U.S., the Agriculture Committee of the U.S. House of Representatives votes to issue a subpoena to Jon Corzine, former Governor of New Jersey, in connection with the collapse of MF Global and the disappearance of customer funds. ](/news/2011/12/2/in-the-u-s-the-agriculture-committee-of-the-u-s-house-of-representatives-votes-to-issue-a-subpoena-to-jon-corzine-former-governor-of-new.md) _Context: U.S. House of Representatives_
