### [2008-09-21](/news/2008/09/21/index.md)

#  Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley, the two last remaining independent investment banks on Wall Street, become bank holding companies as a result of the subprime mortgage crisis. 




### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://dealbook.blogs.nytimes.com/2008/09/21/goldman-morgan-to-become-bank-holding-companies/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Goldman Sachs agrees to pay $5.06 billion to settle allegations that it sold packages of shoddy mortgages prior to the global financial crisis.. The U.S. Justice Department settlement includes a $2.385 billion civil penalty, and $1.8 billion for distressed borrowers and communities affected by the housing crisis. ](/news/2016/04/11/goldman-sachs-agrees-to-pay-5-06-billion-to-settle-allegations-that-it-sold-packages-of-shoddy-mortgages-prior-to-the-global-financial-cris.md) _Context: Goldman Sachs, housing crisis_
2. [Moody's downgrades the credit rating of 15 major world banks: UK (The Royal Bank of Scotland, Barclays and HSBC), US (Bank of America, Citigroup, Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan), Rest of world (Credit Suisse, UBS, BNP Paribas, Credit Agricole, Societe Generale, Deutsche Bank, Royal Bank of Canada and Morgan Stanley). ](/news/2012/06/21/moody-s-downgrades-the-credit-rating-of-15-major-world-banks-uk-the-royal-bank-of-scotland-barclays-and-hsbc-us-bank-of-america-citig.md) _Context: Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley_
3. [Wall Street firm Goldman Sachs triples the base salary of its chief executive Lloyd Blankfein to $2 million, up from $600,000, after the bank's profit falls by 38 per cent. ](/news/2011/01/29/wall-street-firm-goldman-sachs-triples-the-base-salary-of-its-chief-executive-lloyd-blankfein-to-2-million-up-from-600-000-after-the-ban.md) _Context: Goldman Sachs, Wall Street_
4. [U.S. investment bank Goldman Sachs reports a sharp increase in profits for 2009, beating analysts' expectations. ](/news/2010/01/21/u-s-investment-bank-goldman-sachs-reports-a-sharp-increase-in-profits-for-2009-beating-analysts-expectations.md) _Context: Goldman Sachs, investment bank_
5. [Goldman Sachs banker Jim Donovan withdraws from consideration as Deputy Treasury Secretary in order to have time for his family. ](/news/2017/05/19/goldman-sachs-banker-jim-donovan-withdraws-from-consideration-as-deputy-treasury-secretary-in-order-to-have-time-for-his-family.md) _Context: Goldman Sachs_
6. [ Donald Trump requests Gary Cohn, chief operating officer of investment bank Goldman Sachs, to join his administration as chair of the White House National Economic Council. ](/news/2016/12/9/donald-trump-requests-gary-cohn-chief-operating-officer-of-investment-bank-goldman-sachs-to-join-his-administration-as-chair-of-the-white.md) _Context: Goldman Sachs_
7. [Judge Vivien Rose of London's High Court, finds in favor of Goldman Sachs, that the bank is not liable for the failure of highly speculative trades made by the sovereign wealth fund of Libya. ](/news/2016/10/15/judge-vivien-rose-of-london-s-high-court-finds-in-favor-of-goldman-sachs-that-the-bank-is-not-liable-for-the-failure-of-highly-speculative.md) _Context: Goldman Sachs_
8. [The French government calls on former European Commission chief Jose Manuel Barroso not to take a job with investment bank Goldman Sachs, after some EU politicians demanded Barroso be sanctioned for accepting the new position that raises questions about the EU's conflict of interest rules. ](/news/2016/07/14/the-french-government-calls-on-former-european-commission-chief-josa-c-manuel-barroso-not-to-take-a-job-with-investment-bank-goldman-sachs-a.md) _Context: Goldman Sachs_
9. [Goldman Sachs, the American multinational investment banking firm, launches an FDIC-insured, Internet-based savings bank. The Wall Street institution, whose investment banking account minimums are in the millions, sets a minimum deposit of $1 dollar for GSBank.com. ](/news/2016/04/25/goldman-sachs-the-american-multinational-investment-banking-firm-launches-an-fdic-insured-internet-based-savings-bank-the-wall-street-in.md) _Context: Goldman Sachs_
10. [In a plea bargain with U.S. federal prosecutors, Rohit Bansal, a former Goldman Sachs banker accused of using private information leaked by source inside the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, has agreed to plead guilty. The leaked information was said to have given Goldman an undue advantage regarding client advisement. Goldman also faces fines from the New York State's Department of Financial Services. ](/news/2015/10/27/in-a-plea-bargain-with-u-s-federal-prosecutors-rohit-bansal-a-former-goldman-sachs-banker-accused-of-using-private-information-leaked-by.md) _Context: Goldman Sachs_
