### [2008-09-21](/news/2008/09/21/index.md)

#  The Social Democrats, led by Borut Pahor, presumably win the Slovenian parliamentary election. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via ''Melbourne Herald Sun](http://www.news.com.au/heraldsun/story/0,21985,24382710-663,00.html)

### Related:

1. [Slovenian parliamentary election, 2014:: The new centrist Party of Miro Cerar wins the Slovenian elections by a landslide while both the Social Democrats and the centre-right parties suffer their worst-ever defeat, and the winner of the previous elections, Positive Slovenia, does not even pass the electoral threshold. ](/news/2014/07/13/slovenian-parliamentary-election-2014-the-new-centrist-party-of-miro-cerar-wins-the-slovenian-elections-by-a-landslide-while-both-the-soc.md) _Context: Slovenia, Social Democrats_
2. [ Prime minister Jadranka Kosor of Croatia and PM Borut Pahor of Slovenia agree on an immediate end to Slovenia's blockade of Croatia's EU accession and further negotiation of the Gulf of Piran border dispute between two countries. ](/news/2009/09/11/prime-minister-jadranka-kosor-of-croatia-and-pm-borut-pahor-of-slovenia-agree-on-an-immediate-end-to-slovenia-s-blockade-of-croatia-s-eu-ac.md) _Context: Borut Pahor, Slovenia_
3. [European migrant crisis: Macedonia says it will no longer let any migrants through its southern border with Greece, effectively blocking the Balkan route for migrants. The decision came after Slovenia barred access to migrants transiting the country. There are around 13,000 migrants now stranded at the Macedonia-Greece border. ](/news/2016/03/9/european-migrant-crisis-macedonia-says-it-will-no-longer-let-any-migrants-through-its-southern-border-with-greece-effectively-blocking-the.md) _Context: Slovenia_
4. [European migrant crisis: Slovenia announces that it will be clamping down on the number of migrants that it will allow to enter the country. ](/news/2016/02/14/european-migrant-crisis-slovenia-announces-that-it-will-be-clamping-down-on-the-number-of-migrants-that-it-will-allow-to-enter-the-country.md) _Context: Slovenia_
5. [European migrant crisis: Austria is to deploy its army on its borders with Germany and Slovenia in the wake of surging numbers of migrants entering the Central European country. ](/news/2016/01/16/european-migrant-crisis-austria-is-to-deploy-its-army-on-its-borders-with-germany-and-slovenia-in-the-wake-of-surging-numbers-of-migrants-e.md) _Context: Slovenia_
6. [Slovenian same-sex marriage referendum, 2015: Slovenian voters reject a bill legalizing same-sex marriage in the country with only 36% of registered voters supporting it, while over 63% of voters voted against the bill. ](/news/2015/12/21/slovenian-same-sex-marriage-referendum-2015-slovenian-voters-reject-a-bill-legalizing-same-sex-marriage-in-the-country-with-only-36-of-re.md) _Context: Slovenia_
7. [European migrant crisis: Slovenia tightens controls over its Schengen border with Croatia due to concerns of an influx of migrants. ](/news/2015/11/9/european-migrant-crisis-slovenia-tightens-controls-over-its-schengen-border-with-croatia-due-to-concerns-of-an-influx-of-migrants.md) _Context: Slovenia_
8. [European migrant crisis: Macedonia, Serbia, Croatia, and Slovenia shut their borders to so-called economic migrants, those not coming from war-torn countries such as Syria, Afghanistan, or Iraq, leaving thousands stranded at Balkan border crossings. Around 500 migrants from Iran, Morocco, and Algeria gather on the border between Greece and Macedonia to protest the closure. ](/news/2015/11/20/european-migrant-crisis-macedonia-serbia-croatia-and-slovenia-shut-their-borders-to-so-called-economic-migrants-those-not-coming-from-w.md) _Context: Slovenia_
9. [European migrant crisis: Slovenian border barrier: Slovenia's army begins erecting a razor wire fence along parts of its southern border with Croatia in order to stop a tide of illegal migrants entering the country. Around 180,000 people, mainly from Syria and Afghanistan have streamed into Slovenia since mid-October after trekking northwards along a Balkan corridor from Greece, most of them bound ultimately for Germany. ](/news/2015/11/11/european-migrant-crisis-slovenian-border-barrier-slovenia-s-army-begins-erecting-a-razor-wire-fence-along-parts-of-its-southern-border-wit.md) _Context: Slovenia_
10. [European migrant crisis: Slovenia's prime minister, Miro Cerar says Slovenia is ready to build a fence on its border with Croatia if an EU plan to stem the flow of migrants across the Balkans fails. ](/news/2015/10/28/european-migrant-crisis-slovenia-s-prime-minister-miro-cerar-says-slovenia-is-ready-to-build-a-fence-on-its-border-with-croatia-if-an-eu-p.md) _Context: Slovenia_
