### [2012-01-11](/news/2012/01/11/index.md)

# A French journalist is killed, along with eight others, by a mortar in the Syrian city of Homs. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2012/01/11/world/meast/syria-unrest/index.html?hpt=wo_c1)

### Related:

1. [2017 Notre Dame attack. A man who was yelling "This is for Syria" while attacking a police officer with a hammer near Notre-Dame de Paris, France is shot and wounded by another officer. Prosecutors open a terrorism probe. ](/news/2017/06/6/2017-notre-dame-attack-a-man-who-was-yelling-this-is-for-syria-while-attacking-a-police-officer-with-a-hammer-near-notre-dame-de-paris-f.md) _Context: France, Syria_
2. [Syrian peace process. France seeks United States and Russian support for a Security Council resolution to impose a new truce that will allow aid into Aleppo, which has experienced two weeks of heavy Syrian and Russian bombing of rebel-held areas. ](/news/2016/10/5/syrian-peace-process-france-seeks-united-states-and-russian-support-for-a-security-council-resolution-to-impose-a-new-truce-that-will-allow.md) _Context: France, Syria_
3. [Syrian civil war. Several bombings kill at least 40 people in government and Kurdish held territory across Syria, including Tartus, Homs, Al-Hasakah and Damascus. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/09/5/syrian-civil-war-several-bombings-kill-at-least-40-people-in-government-and-kurdish-held-territory-across-syria-including-tartus-homs-al.md) _Context: Homs, Syria_
4. [ Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War. A Russian Air Force Mi-28 attack helicopter crashes near the Syrian city of Homs, killing two pilots. ](/news/2016/04/12/russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-a-russian-air-force-mi-28-attack-helicopter-crashes-near-the-syrian-city-of-homs-ki.md) _Context: Homs, Syria_
5. [Syrian Civil War. February 2016 Homs bombings. Twin bomb blasts hit the Syrian city of Homs with at least 57 people reportedly killed and more than 100 injured. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/02/21/syrian-civil-war-february-2016-homs-bombings-twin-bomb-blasts-hit-the-syrian-city-of-homs-with-at-least-57-people-reportedly-killed-and-mo.md) _Context: Homs, Syria_
6. [Calais migrant crisis. French authorities give up to 1000 migrants, mostly Syrians and Iraqis, until 8pm local time on 23 February to leave the Calais jungle camp. Those who refuse to leave will be forcibly removed by police. ](/news/2016/02/20/calais-migrant-crisis-french-authorities-give-up-to-1000-migrants-mostly-syrians-and-iraqis-until-8pm-local-time-on-23-february-to-leave.md) _Context: France, Syria_
7. [Military intervention against ISIL. In an act of solidarity with France following the Paris massacre, Germany's parliament (the Bundestag) approves measures to move past the military's primary defensive role, to send six of its 29 operational, yet aged, Tornado reconnaissance aircraft, and as many as 1,200 soldiers to support the coalition missions against Islamic State militants in Syria. The airplanes will be limited to support activities; they will not fly combat missions. ](/news/2015/12/4/military-intervention-against-isil-in-an-act-of-solidarity-with-france-following-the-paris-massacre-germany-s-parliament-the-bundestag-a.md) _Context: France, Syria_
8. [Syrian Civil War. At least 32 people are killed and 90 injured following a car bomb and suicide-bomb attack in the al-Zahra district of the Syrian city of Homs. ](/news/2015/12/28/syrian-civil-war-at-least-32-people-are-killed-and-90-injured-following-a-car-bomb-and-suicide-bomb-attack-in-the-al-zahra-district-of-the.md) _Context: Homs, Syria_
9. [Syrian Civil War. Syrian rebels fire volleys of mortar shells into Damascus, killing three people and wounding at least 30. Government forces respond with airstrikes into rebel-controlled Douma, just northeast of the capital, and surface-to-surface missiles into Eastern Ghouta and Saqba, that kill at least 35 people and injure many more, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2015/12/13/syrian-civil-war-syrian-rebels-fire-volleys-of-mortar-shells-into-damascus-killing-three-people-and-wounding-at-least-30-government-force.md) _Context: Mortar, Syria_
10. [Syrian Civil War. Sixteen people are killed and many more injured by a car bomb and a second, delayed explosion near a hospital in Syria's mainly Alawite, government-controlled neighborhood of al-Zahra, east of Homs' old city, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports. The attack comes just five days after the government and rebels agreed on a local ceasefire in the western al-Waer suburb. ](/news/2015/12/12/syrian-civil-war-sixteen-people-are-killed-and-many-more-injured-by-a-car-bomb-and-a-second-delayed-explosion-near-a-hospital-in-syria-s-m.md) _Context: Homs, Syria_
