### [2008-02-4](/news/2008/02/4/index.md)

#  The Versailles Assembly, bringing together both the French Senate and the Chamber of Deputies, votes 560 to 181 in favour of amending the constitution to allow adoption of the EU Lisbon Treaty. 




### Source:

1. [EU Observer](http://euobserver.com/9/25597)

### Related:

1. [ The Congress of France (the National Assembly and the Senate meeting together) passes a bill that would make major changes to the Constitution of France, with a margin of only one vote; this bill is designed to strengthen Parliament, while establishing a two-term presidential term limit and allowing the President to speak before Parliament.](/news/2008/07/21/the-congress-of-france-the-national-assembly-and-the-senate-meeting-together-passes-a-bill-that-would-make-major-changes-to-the-constitut.md) _Context: Congress of France, Constitution of France, National Assembly, Senate_
2. [ French foreign minister Bernard Kouchner warns Ireland, saying the Irish would be the "first victim" if they reject the EU Treaty of Lisbon. ](/news/2008/06/9/french-foreign-minister-bernard-kouchner-warns-ireland-saying-the-irish-would-be-the-first-victim-if-they-reject-the-eu-treaty-of-lisbon.md) _Context: EU, France, Treaty of Lisbon_
3. [Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-berlin-to-discuss-the-consequences-of-the-united-kin.md) _Context: EU, France_
4. [France's National Assembly votes to adopt a non-binding resolution to lift European Union sanctions against Russia, applied after Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014. Former President Nicolas Sarkozy's Republicans, as well as center-right and far-left groups voted in favor of lifting the sanctions, while the ruling Socialist Party and The Greens voted against the resolution. ](/news/2016/04/28/france-s-national-assembly-votes-to-adopt-a-non-binding-resolution-to-lift-european-union-sanctions-against-russia-applied-after-russia-s-a.md) _Context: EU, France_
5. [The European Parliament adopts a resolution calling for the introduction of an arms embargo against Saudi Arabia, saying the United Kingdom, France and other EU governments should no longer sell weapons to a country accused of targeting civilians in Yemen. ](/news/2016/02/25/the-european-parliament-adopts-a-resolution-calling-for-the-introduction-of-an-arms-embargo-against-saudi-arabia-saying-the-united-kingdom.md) _Context: EU, France_
6. [Saudi Arabian blogger Raif Badawi, who has been sentenced to 1,000 lashes and 10 years in jail for insulting Islam and for cyber crime, wins the European Union's prestigious Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought. The Sakharov award ceremony will be held in Strasbourg, France on December 16, 2015 while the laureate remains imprisoned. ](/news/2015/10/29/saudi-arabian-blogger-raif-badawi-who-has-been-sentenced-to-1-000-lashes-and-10-years-in-jail-for-insulting-islam-and-for-cyber-crime-wins.md) _Context: EU, France_
7. [Iran, the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, People's Republic of China, Germany, and the European Union (the P5+1) reach a breakthrough agreement on the general framework for an agreement on Iran's nuclear program, but sign no verbal agreement or official document. The deadline for a full deal is June 30, 2015. ](/news/2015/04/2/iran-the-united-states-the-united-kingdom-france-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-germany-and-the-european-union-the-p5-1-reach-a.md) _Context: EU, France_
8. [The French Senate approves same-sex marriage in France putting the bill on track to become law by summer. ](/news/2013/04/12/the-french-senate-approves-same-sex-marriage-in-france-putting-the-bill-on-track-to-become-law-by-summer.md) _Context: France, Senate_
9. [Moody's Investors Service downgrades the credit ratings of several European Union members including Italy, Malta, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia and Spain and issues a negative outlook for the ratings of Austria, France and the United Kingdom. ](/news/2012/02/13/moody-s-investors-service-downgrades-the-credit-ratings-of-several-european-union-members-including-italy-malta-portugal-slovakia-sloven.md) _Context: EU, France_
10. [Police clash with local residents who object to Italian government plans to build a European Union-funded rail link with France near their homes in the Italian Alps. The police intervention follows a peaceful candlelight nighttime prayer vigil featuring thousands of people. ](/news/2011/06/27/police-clash-with-local-residents-who-object-to-italian-government-plans-to-build-a-european-union-funded-rail-link-with-france-near-their-h.md) _Context: EU, France_
