### [2005-03-23](/news/2005/03/23/index.md)

#  In Lebanon, Michel Abu Arraj, a judge investigating the murder of Rafik Hariri, asks to step down from the case prior to public announcement of the results of the United Nations investigation. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4375835.stm)
2. [Reuters Alertnet](http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/L23461150.htm)

### Related:

1. [ A United Nations investigation headed by Detlev Mehlis has found that high-ranking members of the Syrian and Lebanese governments were involved in the assassination of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri. ](/news/2005/10/21/a-united-nations-investigation-headed-by-detlev-mehlis-has-found-that-high-ranking-members-of-the-syrian-and-lebanese-governments-were-invo.md) _Context: Lebanon, Rafik Hariri, United Nations_
2. [ A United Nations investigation has concluded that Rafik Hariri, the former Prime Minister of Lebanon, was killed by a truck bomb. ](/news/2005/06/17/a-united-nations-investigation-has-concluded-that-rafik-hariri-the-former-prime-minister-of-lebanon-was-killed-by-a-truck-bomb.md) _Context: Lebanon, Rafik Hariri, United Nations_
3. [ In Lebanon, United Nations team that investigates murder of Rafik Hariri, completes its mission. They will present their findings to secretary general Kofi Annan in New York ](/news/2005/03/15/in-lebanon-united-nations-team-that-investigates-murder-of-rafik-hariri-completes-its-mission-they-will-present-their-findings-to-secret.md) _Context: Lebanon, Rafik Hariri, United Nations_
4. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Lebanon, United Nations_
5. [The United Nations-backed Special Tribunal for Lebanon investigating the killing of Lebanon's former prime minister and business tycoon Rafic Hariri in 2005 issues 4 arrest warrants. ](/news/2011/06/30/the-united-nations-backed-special-tribunal-for-lebanon-investigating-the-killing-of-lebanon-s-former-prime-minister-and-business-tycoon-rafi.md) _Context: Lebanon, United Nations_
6. [ United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon holds talks with Lebanese political leaders, trying to break an impasse over the election of the next President. ](/news/2007/11/16/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-holds-talks-with-lebanese-political-leaders-trying-to-break-an-impasse-over-the-election-of-t.md) _Context: Lebanon, United Nations_
7. [ France circulates a draft United Nations Security Council resolution extending the mandate of the 13,600 United Nations peacekeeping force in Lebanon. ](/news/2007/08/17/france-circulates-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-extending-the-mandate-of-the-13-600-united-nations-peacekeeping-force.md) _Context: Lebanon, United Nations_
8. [ The United Nations Security Council establishes an international tribunal to try suspects in the killings of Lebanese political figures including the former Prime Minister Rafik Hariri. ](/news/2007/05/30/the-united-nations-security-council-establishes-an-international-tribunal-to-try-suspects-in-the-killings-of-lebanese-political-figures-inc.md) _Context: Lebanon, Rafik Hariri_
9. [ Lebanese Environment Minister Yaacoub Sarraf, a Christian allied with Hezbollah, joins the rank of five other cabinet members who resigned on November 11, 2006. The cabinet later unanmously approved a UN-proposed international tribunal to try suspects over the assassination of Prime Minister Rafik Hariri in February 2005. ](/news/2006/11/13/lebanese-environment-minister-yaacoub-sarraf-a-christian-allied-with-hezbollah-joins-the-rank-of-five-other-cabinet-members-who-resigned.md) _Context: Lebanon, Rafik Hariri_
10. [  The Turkish Parliament votes to authorize the Turkish government to send troops to the United Nations peacekeeping force in Lebanon. Deputy speaker Nevzat Pakdil said 340 of the 533 lawmakers present in the 550-seat house voted for the deployment; 192 voted against and one abstained. ](/news/2006/09/5/the-turkish-parliament-votes-to-authorize-the-turkish-government-to-send-troops-to-the-united-nations-peacekeeping-force-in-lebanon-deput.md) _Context: Lebanon, United Nations_
