### [2009-04-10](/news/2009/04/10/index.md)

#  At least 27 tornadoes kill six people throughout the Southern United States. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2009/US/weather/04/10/arkansas.tornado/index.html)

### Related:

1. [In a second day of severe weather, at least seven people are injured as tornadoes sweep across the Midwestern and Southern part of the United States, with more severe weather expected. ](/news/2016/04/1/in-a-second-day-of-severe-weather-at-least-seven-people-are-injured-as-tornadoes-sweep-across-the-midwestern-and-southern-part-of-the-unite.md) _Context: Southern United States, United States, tornado_
2. [Tornadoes of 2015: At least six people die and dozens injured as major storms, packed with tornadoes, move through the American South and Midwest. Three people died when a tornado hit northern Mississippi, one was killed in Arkansas and two more in Tennessee. Officials continue searching into the night for the missing. ](/news/2015/12/23/tornadoes-of-2015-at-least-six-people-die-and-dozens-injured-as-major-storms-packed-with-tornadoes-move-through-the-american-south-and-mi.md) _Context: Southern United States, United States, tornado_
3. [Tornado outbreak and floods of April 28-30, 2017: The death tolls from tornadoes and floods in the midwestern and southern United States rises to ten with two people missing. ](/news/2017/04/30/tornado-outbreak-and-floods-of-april-28-30-2017-the-death-tolls-from-tornadoes-and-floods-in-the-midwestern-and-southern-united-states-r.md) _Context: Southern United States, tornado_
4. [Tornadoes of 2016: At least two people are dead and 30 injured after a suspected tornado hits a trailer park near the village of Convent, Louisiana. At least one other person has died in the Deep South of the United States. ](/news/2016/02/23/tornadoes-of-2016-at-least-two-people-are-dead-and-30-injured-after-a-suspected-tornado-hits-a-trailer-park-near-the-village-of-convent-lo.md) _Context: United States, tornado_
5. [Tornadoes of 2015, 2015-16 North American winter: 2015-2016 El Nino event: At least 11 people are killed as tornadoes strike Dallas, Texas, and five people die in a flash flood in Illinois. A total of 34 people have died in this week's smorgCNYsbord of storms that started Wednesday. Mark Wiley of the National Weather Service says this rare run of December tornado storms in the South and Midwest, and spring-like temperatures across much of the North and East, in part to a strong El Nino. ](/news/2015/12/27/tornadoes-of-2015-2015-16-north-american-winter-2015-2016-el-nia-o-event-at-least-11-people-are-killed-as-tornadoes-strike-dallas-te.md) _Context: Southern United States, tornado_
6. [Tornadoes of 2015: The death toll in the spring-like, tornado-laden storms that began Wednesday in the American South has risen to 18 with additional tornadoes hitting north-central Alabama Friday and one outside of Dallas, Texas, today. ](/news/2015/12/26/tornadoes-of-2015-the-death-toll-in-the-spring-like-tornado-laden-storms-that-began-wednesday-in-the-american-south-has-risen-to-18-with-a.md) _Context: Southern United States, tornado_
7. [In the United States, the National Weather Service issues a blizzard warning for northeastern Colorado and western Kansas with an expected snowfall by midday of 12 inches in Denver, Colorado. Denver International Airport cancels 143 arriving and departing flighits. Several tornadoes occur overnight in northern Texas, western Kansas, and southern Nebraska. ](/news/2015/11/17/in-the-united-states-the-national-weather-service-issues-a-blizzard-warning-for-northeastern-colorado-and-western-kansas-with-an-expected-s.md) _Context: United States, tornado_
8. [April 2014 tornado outbreak:: Seventeen people are killed by tornadoes after a huge storm system sweeps across the central and southern United States. ](/news/2014/04/28/april-2014-tornado-outbreak-seventeen-people-are-killed-by-tornadoes-after-a-huge-storm-system-sweeps-across-the-central-and-southern-unit.md) _Context: Southern United States, tornado_
9. [A powerful storm system hits Midwestern and Southern United States spawning a dozen tornadoes and killing 3 people. ](/news/2013/04/12/a-powerful-storm-system-hits-midwestern-and-southern-united-states-spawning-a-dozen-tornadoes-and-killing-3-people.md) _Context: Southern United States, tornado_
10. [2013 Hattiesburg, Mississippi tornado: A tornado causes significant damage to the American town of Hattiesburg, Mississippi. ](/news/2013/02/10/2013-hattiesburg-mississippi-tornado-a-tornado-causes-significant-damage-to-the-american-town-of-hattiesburg-mississippi.md) _Context: United States, tornado_
