### [2012-12-12](/news/2012/12/12/index.md)

# 10 Downing Street denies that British Prime Minister David Cameron's spokesman Craig Oliver warned "The Daily Telegraph" against running a critical story on MPs expenses claimed by Culture Secretary Maria Miller because of her role in enacting proposals in the Leveson report. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-20697162)

### Related:

1. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: U.S. President Barack Obama, in an op-ed in London's "Daily Telegraph", urges Britons to keep the U.K. in the European Union. Tomorrow, Obama is scheduled to have lunch with Prince Philip and Queen Elizabeth, who celebrated her 90th birthday today. He then will hold talks with Prime Minister David Cameron. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-u-s-president-barack-obama-in-an-op-ed-in-london-s-daily-telegraph-urges-britons-to.md) _Context: Daily Telegraph, David Cameron, Prime Minister_
2. [British Prime Minister David Cameron says talks between himself and the leaders of the UK's other main political parties on the recommendations of the Leveson report have broken down. Cameron says he will publish a Royal Charter on press regulations on Monday. ](/news/2013/03/14/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-says-talks-between-himself-and-the-leaders-of-the-uk-s-other-main-political-parties-on-the-recommendati.md) _Context: David Cameron, Leveson report, Prime Minister_
3. [Victims of press intrusion launch an online campaign to urge British Prime Minister David Cameron to fully implement the recommendations of the Leveson report. ](/news/2012/11/30/victims-of-press-intrusion-launch-an-online-campaign-to-urge-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-to-fully-implement-the-recommendations-of.md) _Context: David Cameron, Leveson report, Prime Minister_
4. [Speaking on the BBC's "The Andrew Marr Show", British Prime Minister David Cameron says that Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt "acted wisely" in his handling of the BSkyB takeover bid. ](/news/2012/06/3/speaking-on-the-bbc-s-the-andrew-marr-show-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-says-that-culture-secretary-jeremy-hunt-acted-wisely-in.md) _Context: David Cameron, Prime Minister, Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport_
5. [British Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt appears at the Leveson Inquiry into media practices in the UK. The inquiry hears that he congratulated James Murdoch on the progress of News Corporation's takeover bid for BSkyB just hours before he was charged with overseeing it, but acted impartially once he took on the role. Prime Minister David Cameron says he will not order an inquiry into Hunt's ministerial conduct. ](/news/2012/05/31/british-culture-secretary-jeremy-hunt-appears-at-the-leveson-inquiry-into-media-practices-in-the-uk-the-inquiry-hears-that-he-congratulated.md) _Context: David Cameron, Prime Minister, Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport_
6. [As the Leveson Inquiry releases emails exchanged between UK Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport Jeremy Hunt and News Corporation lobbyist Fred Michel, Prime Minister David Cameron says he does not regret his decision to let Hunt rule on News Corp's bid for BSkyB. ](/news/2012/05/25/as-the-leveson-inquiry-releases-emails-exchanged-between-uk-secretary-of-state-for-culture-media-and-sport-jeremy-hunt-and-news-corporation.md) _Context: David Cameron, Prime Minister, Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport_
7. [In the wake of the Cash for Access scandal British Prime Minister, David Cameron publishes details of Conservative Party donors who have had dinner with him at 10 Downing Street. ](/news/2012/03/26/in-the-wake-of-the-cash-for-access-scandal-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-publishes-details-of-conservative-party-donors-who-have-had.md) _Context: 10 Downing Street, David Cameron, Prime Minister_
8. [Former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron resigns as MP for Witney, triggering a by-election. ](/news/2016/09/12/former-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-resigns-as-mp-for-witney-triggering-a-by-election.md) _Context: David Cameron, Prime Minister_
9. [Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 2016: Conservative Party members of parliament vote in a second ballot to choose the next leader of the party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron. The Home Secretary Theresa May secured the highest number votes with 199, while Department of Energy and Climate Change minister Andrea Leadsom received the second highest amount, with 84. The Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove received just 46 votes and is eliminated from the race, meaning a run-off contest will now take place between May and Leadsom, with the result to be announced on September 9. ](/news/2016/07/7/conservative-party-uk-leadership-election-2016-conservative-party-members-of-parliament-vote-in-a-second-ballot-to-choose-the-next-leade.md) _Context: David Cameron, Prime Minister_
10. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: Prime Minister David Cameron tells the House of Commons that legal experts advise that the UK-wide Brexit result binds the entire nation, even though Northern Ireland and Scotland voted to stay in the EU. Yesterday, both Scottish and Northern Irish representatives told the European Parliament's plenary session they will leave the UK if that is the required price to keep their homelands fully connected to Europe. ](/news/2016/06/29/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-prime-minister-david-cameron-tells-the-house-of-commons-that-legal-experts-advise-that-th.md) _Context: David Cameron, Prime Minister_
