### [2012-12-12](/news/2012/12/12/index.md)

# American businessman John McAfee is deported from Guatemala to the United States despite being wanted for questioning in Belize. 

John McAfee, the fugitive computer software millionaire wanted for questioning in Belize by police investigating the death of his neighbour, is on his way to the United States tonight after being deported from Guatemala.


### Source:

1. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/centralamericaandthecaribbean/belize/9741093/John-McAfee-en-route-to-US-after-hes-deported-from-Guatemala.html)
1. [Cover Image](http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/02426/JohnMcAfee-afp_2426327k.jpg)

### Related:

1. [American businessman John McAfee is arrested in Guatemala following an alleged illegal entry after leaving Belize where he is wanted for questioning over the death of fellow American Gregory Faull. ](/news/2012/12/5/american-businessman-john-mcafee-is-arrested-in-guatemala-following-an-alleged-illegal-entry-after-leaving-belize-where-he-is-wanted-for-que.md) _Context: Belize, Guatemala, John McAfee_
2. [Belize accuses Guatemala of "amassing" troops on the disputed Belize-Guatemala border following the death of a teenage Guatemalan boy in a shooting incident apparently involving Belize Defence Force soldiers. Guatemalan President Jimmy Morales called the shooting a "cowardly and excessive attack" that merits the "total condemnation of the Guatemalan state". ](/news/2016/04/22/belize-accuses-guatemala-of-amassing-troops-on-the-disputed-belizeaguatemala-border-following-the-death-of-a-teenage-guatemalan-boy-in-a.md) _Context: Belize, Guatemala_
3. [Tropical Storm Harvey is expected to cross the coast of Belize with a tropical storm watch in place for Guatemala and parts of Honduras. ](/news/2011/08/20/tropical-storm-harvey-is-expected-to-cross-the-coast-of-belize-with-a-tropical-storm-watch-in-place-for-guatemala-and-parts-of-honduras.md) _Context: Belize, Guatemala_
4. [ Suspected Guatemalan drug lord Otto Roberto Herrera Garcia escapes from prison in Mexico City. He was held pending extradition to United States. ](/news/2005/05/14/suspected-guatemalan-drug-lord-otto-roberto-herrera-garcia-escapes-from-prison-in-mexico-city-he-was-held-pending-extradition-to-united-st.md) _Context: Guatemala, United States_
5. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: United States_
6. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: United States_
7. [United States Senator Susan Collins says she will vote "no" on the Graham-Cassidy bill joining Senators John McCain and Rand Paul and possibly ending the ongoing efforts to repeal Obamacare. ](/news/2017/09/25/united-states-senator-susan-collins-says-she-will-vote-no-on-the-graham-cassidy-bill-joining-senators-john-mccain-and-rand-paul-and-possib.md) _Context: United States_
8. [North Korea says that the recent flight of U.S. aircraft off the coast of North Korea amounts to a declaration of war. ](/news/2017/09/25/north-korea-says-that-the-recent-flight-of-u-s-aircraft-off-the-coast-of-north-korea-amounts-to-a-declaration-of-war.md) _Context: United States_
9. [The Venerable Rev. Father Stanley Rother, a priest of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Oklahoma City (born in Okarche, Oklahoma), is beatified at the Cox Convention Center in Oklahoma City by Cardinal Angelo Amato, head of the sainthood Congregation in the Roman Curia and Pope Francis's delegate. Rother, who became a missionary, was assassinated in July 1981 in the poor rural village of Santiago Atitlan, Guatemala, and is the first Catholic martyr born a citizen of the United States. ](/news/2017/09/23/the-venerable-rev-father-stanley-rother-a-priest-of-the-roman-catholic-archdiocese-of-oklahoma-city-born-in-okarche-oklahoma-is-beatif.md) _Context: Guatemala_
10. [Facebook agrees to disclose ads that ran in the U.S. in 2016 from accounts associated with a Russian entity known as the Internet Research Agency to United States Congressional investigators. Earlier, this information was provided to Special Counsel Robert Mueller. ](/news/2017/09/21/facebook-agrees-to-disclose-ads-that-ran-in-the-u-s-in-2016-from-accounts-associated-with-a-russian-entity-known-as-the-internet-research-a.md) _Context: United States_
