### [2012-12-12](/news/2012/12/12/index.md)

# Irish politician Joan Collins names crime journalist Paul Williams and sports star Ronan O'Gara under Dail privilege as being among those to benefit from having their penalty points for traffic offences cancelled by the Garda Siochana. Justice Minister Alan Shatter calls Collins's action a "total disgrace" and she is reported to a Leinster House watchdog called the Dail Committee on Procedure and Privileges. 




### Source:

1. [Irish Independent](http://www.independent.ie/national-news/td-abused-privilege-by-naming-writer-and-rugby-player-over-penalty-points-3324043.html)
2. [Irish Independent](http://www.independent.ie/national-news/td-joan-collins-reported-to-dail-watchdog-for-naming-journalist-and-rugby-writer-in-penalty-points-row-3324492.html)

### Related:

1. [A shooting at a house in Omeath, County Louth in the Republic of Ireland leaves two men dead, including an on-duty police officer. ](/news/2015/10/11/a-shooting-at-a-house-in-omeath-county-louth-in-the-republic-of-ireland-leaves-two-men-dead-including-an-on-duty-police-officer.md) _Context: Irish, police officer_
2. [Members of Ireland's police force Garda Siochana raid the Dublin home of former MEP Paul Murphy TD, taking Murphy into custody along with three other activists and politicians opposing the water-tax-rate change, stirring nationwide speculation of "political policing." The police later release all four without charges. ](/news/2015/02/9/members-of-ireland-s-police-force-garda-saocha-na-raid-the-dublin-home-of-former-mep-paul-murphy-td-taking-murphy-into-custody-along-with.md) _Context: Irish, police officer_
3. [In Ireland, thousands of people attend an anti-austerity rally at Dublin Castle, where EU finance ministers are meeting. Opposition TDs Richard Boyd Barrett, Joan Collins and Joe Higgins address the demonstration. ](/news/2013/04/13/in-ireland-thousands-of-people-attend-an-anti-austerity-rally-at-dublin-castle-where-eu-finance-ministers-are-meeting-opposition-tds-rich.md) _Context: Irish, Joan Collins_
4. [Ireland's Taoiseach Enda Kenny attacks the Vatican's approach to the child abuse scandals in the country as "absolutely disgraceful", while the Socialist Party's Joe Higgins tells Dail Eireann that people were "throwing their hands in the air" after the report into the sexual abuse scandal in Cloyne diocese was published this week. ](/news/2011/07/15/ireland-s-taoiseach-enda-kenny-attacks-the-vatican-s-approach-to-the-child-abuse-scandals-in-the-country-as-absolutely-disgraceful-while.md) _Context: Dail Eireann, Irish_
5. [The brother of Sinn Fein's Gerry Adams, detained under a European arrest warrant, is released on bail after surrendering to the Garda Siochana in Ireland. ](/news/2010/03/4/the-brother-of-sinn-fa-c-in-s-gerry-adams-detained-under-a-european-arrest-warrant-is-released-on-bail-after-surrendering-to-the-garda-saoc.md) _Context: Irish, police officer_
6. [ Ireland's Garda Commissioner sends two Garda forensic specialists to Brazil to assist in the identification of bodies from Air France Flight 447. ](/news/2009/06/11/ireland-s-garda-commissioner-sends-two-garda-forensic-specialists-to-brazil-to-assist-in-the-identification-of-bodies-from-air-france-fligh.md) _Context: Irish, police officer_
7. [ Two thousand Garda protest against Ireland's government at Dublin's Leinster House. ](/news/2009/02/25/two-thousand-gardai-protest-against-ireland-s-government-at-dublin-s-leinster-house.md) _Context: Irish, Leinster House_
8. [Irish low-cost airline Ryanair cancels 82 Sunday flights as the first step in a six-week program that will eliminate 40 to 50 flights daily to wipe out its crew vacation backlog in order to meet Irish Aviation Authority requirements by the end of this year. ](/news/2017/09/16/irish-low-cost-airline-ryanair-cancels-82-sunday-flights-as-the-first-step-in-a-six-week-program-that-will-eliminate-40-to-50-flights-daily.md) _Context: Irish_
9. [A 3 year-old boy is stabbed to death in an incident in the Poddle Park area of Kimmage in Dublin, Ireland. The child's mother, believed to be an Iranian national, is being treated for knife wounds in hospital. ](/news/2017/07/10/a-3-year-old-boy-is-stabbed-to-death-in-an-incident-in-the-poddle-park-area-of-kimmage-in-dublin-ireland-the-child-s-mother-believed-to-b.md) _Context: Irish_
10. [Leo Varadkar becomes the new party leader of Fine Gael, after winning 51 of 73 votes in the parliamentary party, and is expected to become Taoiseach (Prime Minister) of Ireland, which would make him the youngest and first openly gay man to be Taoiseach, as well as being the first of half-Indian descent. ](/news/2017/06/2/leo-varadkar-becomes-the-new-party-leader-of-fine-gael-after-winning-51-of-73-votes-in-the-parliamentary-party-and-is-expected-to-become-t.md) _Context: Irish_
