### [2007-08-7](/news/2007/08/7/index.md)

#  Jordan opens its government schools to Iraqi refugees. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/6935002.stm)

### Related:

1. [Jordan declares its borders with Syria and Iraq are to be closed military zones following yesterday's suicide bomb attack in Rukban, Mafraq Governorate, that killed six soldiers. ](/news/2016/06/22/jordan-declares-its-borders-with-syria-and-iraq-are-to-be-closed-military-zones-following-yesterday-s-suicide-bomb-attack-in-rukban-mafraq.md) _Context: Iraq, Jordan_
2. [Jordan executes convicted Iraqi terrorists Sajida al-Rishawi and Ziad al-Karbouli in response to the execution by ISIL of Jordanian Air Force lieutenant Muath Al-Kasasbeh. ](/news/2015/02/4/jordan-executes-convicted-iraqi-terrorists-sajida-al-rishawi-and-ziad-al-karbouli-in-response-to-the-execution-by-isil-of-jordanian-air-forc.md) _Context: Iraq, Jordan_
3. [ Mayor Anders Lago of Sdertlje, Sweden, says that his small city of about 80,000 is currently home to nearly 6,000 Iraqis. "More refugees than the United States and Canada together". ](/news/2008/04/10/mayor-anders-lago-of-sodertalje-sweden-says-that-his-small-city-of-about-80-000-is-currently-home-to-nearly-6-000-iraqis-more-refugees.md) _Context: Iraq, refugee_
4. [ About 1,000 people a day are returning to Iraq from Syria and Jordan. ](/news/2007/11/21/about-1-000-people-a-day-are-returning-to-iraq-from-syria-and-jordan.md) _Context: Iraq, Jordan_
5. [ The United Nations launches a food assistance program to assist Iraqi refugees in Syria. ](/news/2007/09/1/the-united-nations-launches-a-food-assistance-program-to-assist-iraqi-refugees-in-syria.md) _Context: Iraq, refugee_
6. [ Iraq: President Jalal Talabani has been flown to Jordan for medical treatment after falling ill. ](/news/2007/02/25/iraq-p-president-jalal-talabani-has-been-flown-to-jordan-for-medical-treatment-after-falling-ill.md) _Context: Iraq, Jordan_
7. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Jordan_
8. [Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-of-the-u-s-decisio.md) _Context: Jordan_
9. [The number of people displaced globally totals 65.6 million after an addition of 10.3 million people displaced in 2016. Syria, Colombia, Afghanistan, Iraq and South Sudan are the countries in the top five.  ](/news/2017/06/19/the-number-of-people-displaced-globally-totals-65-6-million-after-an-addition-of-10-3-million-people-displaced-in-2016-syria-colombia-afg.md) _Context: Iraq_
10. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: Iraq_
