### [2013-11-29](/news/2013/11/29/index.md)

# Chief of Army Staff (Pakistan)<br>. Genral Raheel Sharif took over the command of army chief of Pakistan Army.

The entire area around the venue of the ceremony was blocked off with military and police personnel. 


### Source:

1. [New Army Chief - Dawn News](http://www.dawn.com/news/1059366/gen-raheel-sharif-gets-baton-of-command)

### Related:

1. [Six high ranking Pakistan Army officers, including a lieutenant-general and major-general, are sacked by Chief of Army Staff Raheel Sharif amid corruption allegations within the army. Sharif said corruption had to be uprooted to fight terrorism. ](/news/2016/04/21/six-high-ranking-pakistan-army-officers-including-a-lieutenant-general-and-major-general-are-sacked-by-chief-of-army-staff-raheel-sharif-a.md) _Context: Chief of Army Staff, Pakistan army, Raheel Sharif_
2. [Pakistani army Chief of Staff General Ashfaq Parvez Kayani orders an investigation into a video showing the firing squad execution of 6 blindfolded Pakistanis by men dressed in what appear to be Pakistani army uniforms. ](/news/2010/10/8/pakistani-army-chief-of-staff-general-ashfaq-parvez-kayani-orders-an-investigation-into-a-video-showing-the-firing-squad-execution-of-6-blin.md) _Context: Chief of Army Staff, Pakistan army_
3. [War in North-West Pakistan. August 2017 Quetta suicide bombing. A suicide bombing took place near a Pakistan army truck in Quetta, Balochistan, Pakistan, leaving 15 people dead including 8 soldiers, while injuring 40 others. ](/news/2017/08/12/war-in-north-west-pakistan-august-2017-quetta-suicide-bombing-a-suicide-bombing-took-place-near-a-pakistan-army-truck-in-quetta-balochist.md) _Context: Pakistan army_
4. [War in North-West Pakistan. A suicide bomber kills at least six people and wounds 18 near a Pakistan Army vehicle taking part in the census in the city of Lahore. ](/news/2017/04/5/war-in-north-west-pakistan-a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-six-people-and-wounds-18-near-a-pakistan-army-vehicle-taking-part-in-the-census.md) _Context: Pakistan army_
5. [War in North-West Pakistan. In response to yesterday's bombing at the Shrine of Lal Shahbaz Qalandar that killed 88 people, the Pakistan Army claims to have killed more than 100 terrorists and arrested many others. ](/news/2017/02/17/war-in-north-west-pakistan-in-response-to-yesterday-s-bombing-at-the-shrine-of-lal-shahbaz-qalandar-that-killed-88-people-the-pakistan-arm.md) _Context: Pakistan army_
6. [Kashmir conflict. At least three Pakistan Army soldiers are killed by the Indian Army, while separate clashes kill three Indian Army soldiers and one suspected militant, at the Line of Control. ](/news/2017/02/14/kashmir-conflict-at-least-three-pakistan-army-soldiers-are-killed-by-the-indian-army-while-separate-clashes-kill-three-indian-army-soldier.md) _Context: Pakistan army_
7. [2016 India-Pakistan military confrontation. Pakistan Army's Inter-Services Public Relations (ISPR) reports seven Pakistani soldiers have been killed by Indian cross-border shelling in Bhimber District, Azad Kashmir. ](/news/2016/11/14/2016-india-pakistan-military-confrontation-pakistan-army-s-inter-services-public-relations-ispr-reports-seven-pakistani-soldiers-have-b.md) _Context: Pakistan army_
8. [Afghanistan-Pakistan skirmishes. Afghan and Pakistani soldiers clash at the Torkham border crossing between the two countries, leaving one Afghan soldier and a Pakistani major killed. At least 22 other people were also injured. Tensions between Afghanistan and Pakistan have grown since the latter's attempts to build a gate at the crossing. ](/news/2016/06/14/afghanistan-pakistan-skirmishes-afghan-and-pakistani-soldiers-clash-at-the-torkham-border-crossing-between-the-two-countries-leaving-one.md) _Context: Pakistan army_
9. [Thousands of protestors rally in front of the Parliament of Pakistan in Islamabad in support of Mumtaz Qadri, the killer of reformist Punjab governor Salmaan Taseer in 2011 who was subsequently executed last February. The Pakistan Army was called in to control the situation. ](/news/2016/03/28/thousands-of-protestors-rally-in-front-of-the-parliament-of-pakistan-in-islamabad-in-support-of-mumtaz-qadri-the-killer-of-reformist-punjab.md) _Context: Pakistan army_
10. [Iran-Saudi Arabia relations. Pakistani prime minister Nawaz Sharif and army chief General Raheel Sharif will visit Riyadh on Monday and Tehran on Tuesday to launch mediation efforts between Iran and Saudi Arabia for normalization of relations and to ease the tensions in the region after Saudi Arabia executed a prominent Shia cleric Sheikh Nimr and an attack on the Saudi Embassy in Tehran. ](/news/2016/01/17/iran-saudi-arabia-relations-pakistani-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-and-army-chief-general-raheel-sharif-will-visit-riyadh-on-monday-and-te.md) _Context: Raheel Sharif_
