### [2017-09-6](/news/2017/09/6/index.md)

# A last minute presentation to the parliament of Catalonia results in the formal approval of a referendum concerning independence from Spain. Though the country's president urges the government to ignore the bill, parliament is expected to vote in favor of an independence vote. 

Catalan lawmakers are voting on a bill that will allow regional authorities to officially call an Oct. 1 referendum on a split from Spain, making concrete a years-long defiance of central authorities, who see the vote as illegal. The so-called &quot;referendum bill&quot; was included at the last...


### Source:

1. [ABC](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/catalan-parliament-paves-independence-vote-49646053)
1. [Cover Image](http://a.abcnews.com/images/International/WireAP_b2b3600110334c02a8dbfda4943d96d0_16x9_992.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Spain plans to sue leading members of the Catalan Parliament over the proposed independence referendum in Catalonia. ](/news/2017/09/7/spain-plans-to-sue-leading-members-of-the-catalan-parliament-over-the-proposed-independence-referendum-in-catalonia.md) _Context: Catalan independence referendum, 2017, Catalonia_
2. [The President of Catalonia vows to continue on with the vote despite objections from Spain. ](/news/2017/09/28/the-president-of-catalonia-vows-to-continue-on-with-the-vote-despite-objections-from-spain.md) _Context: Catalan independence referendum, 2017, Catalonia_
3. [Spain's Guardia Civil raid private delivery offices in the Catalan city of Terrassa, searching for and confiscating envelopes suspected of containing voting cards for the upcoming Catalan independence referendum. ](/news/2017/09/19/spain-s-guardia-civil-raid-private-delivery-offices-in-the-catalan-city-of-terrassa-searching-for-and-confiscating-envelopes-suspected-of-c.md) _Context: Catalan independence referendum, 2017, Catalonia_
4. [The government of Catalonia holds a public referendum on whether their region should gain independence from Spain, despite the Spanish courts and government declaring the vote illegal and deploying police to deter voters. Catalan President Carles Puigdemont says Catalonia "has won the right to become an independent state." ](/news/2017/10/1/the-government-of-catalonia-holds-a-public-referendum-on-whether-their-region-should-gain-independence-from-spain-despite-the-spanish-court.md) _Context: Catalonia_
5. [Spanish police raid Catalan government offices and arrest Catalan officials as part of the effort to halt a banned referendum on independence. Catalan President Carles Puigdemont says, "The Spanish state has by all rights intervened in Catalonia's government and has established emergency rule." ](/news/2017/09/20/spanish-police-raid-catalan-government-offices-and-arrest-catalan-officials-as-part-of-the-effort-to-halt-a-banned-referendum-on-independenc.md) _Context: Catalan independence referendum, 2017_
6. [More than 700 Catalan mayors meet in Barcelona with Catalan President Carles Puigdemont to confirm their support for the October 1 independence referendum. Earlier this week, Spanish prosecutors warned that officials participating in this vote could be criminally charged. ](/news/2017/09/16/more-than-700-catalan-mayors-meet-in-barcelona-with-catalan-president-carles-puigdemont-to-confirm-their-support-for-the-october-1-independe.md) _Context: Catalan independence referendum, 2017_
7. [Around a million people rally in Barcelona to mark the National Day of Catalonia and to support the upcoming independence referendum on 1 October. ](/news/2017/09/11/around-a-million-people-rally-in-barcelona-to-mark-the-national-day-of-catalonia-and-to-support-the-upcoming-independence-referendum-on-1-oc.md) _Context: Catalan independence referendum, 2017_
8. [Catalan police in the coastal town of Cambrils kill five suspected terrorists in a counter-terror operation to stop a second van attack. The police reported the attackers were wearing explosive vests, however they were later discovered to be fakes. ](/news/2017/08/18/catalan-police-in-the-coastal-town-of-cambrils-kill-five-suspected-terrorists-in-a-counter-terror-operation-to-stop-a-second-van-attack-the.md) _Context: Catalonia_
9. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Catalonia_
10. [In Sunday's elections, Spain's center-right ruling People's Party (PP) wins 123 seats (35.1%), and the center-left Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) takes 90 (25.7%) of the 350 seats in parliament, thereby ending Spain's two-party system since neither major party won an absolute majority. Turnout was 73 percent. Spain's new political forces, Podemos and Ciudadanos (C's), get 69 and 40 seats, respectively. Smaller parties split the remaining 28 seats, 17 to Catalonia parties which favor secession. It appears that a coalition government will be necessary. PSOE has declined to join the PP, which actually doesn't want that either. King Felipe, who ascended the throne in June 2014, is constitutionally empowered to mediate. ](/news/2015/12/21/in-sunday-s-elections-spain-s-center-right-ruling-people-s-party-pp-wins-123-seats-35-1-and-the-center-left-socialist-workers-party.md) _Context: Catalonia_
