### [2017-09-6](/news/2017/09/6/index.md)

# Fifteen states and the District of Columbia file suit challenging President Donald Trump's decision to end the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, arguing, in part, that federal government has reneged on the promise to protect young immigrants who came forward and registered with the government. 

Lawyers for 15 states, led by New York and Washington, filed suit against President Trump on Wednesday over his planned repeal of the D...


### Source:

1. [Los Angeles Times](http://www.latimes.com/politics/la-dreamers-decision-live-updates-washington-state-says-it-will-join-with-1504720942-htmlstory.html)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-immigration-ny/states-file-lawsuit-challenging-trump-decision-on-dreamers-idUSKCN1BH1HS)

### Related:

1. [The University of California files a lawsuit against the potential termination of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals programme which may affect as many as 5,000 students. ](/news/2017/09/8/the-university-of-california-files-a-lawsuit-against-the-potential-termination-of-the-deferred-action-for-childhood-arrivals-programme-which.md) _Context: Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals_
2. [Fifteen states sue the Trump administration for what they see as "racial animus" against Mexicans because most people covered under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals are from Mexico. ](/news/2017/09/7/fifteen-states-sue-the-trump-administration-for-what-they-see-as-racial-animus-against-mexicans-because-most-people-covered-under-the-defe.md) _Context: Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals_
3. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals_
4. [The Trump Administration announces that, during the next six months, it will be ending the DACA program that has halted the deportation of about 800,000 people who were brought to the U.S. illegally as children. Congress is called upon to pass legislation to correct the situation. ](/news/2017/09/5/the-trump-administration-announces-that-during-the-next-six-months-it-will-be-ending-the-daca-program-that-has-halted-the-deportation-of-a.md) _Context: Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals_
5. [Paul Ryan (R-WI), U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives, urges President Donald Trump not to rescind the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program that protects immigrants who illegally entered the U.S. as children from deportation. ](/news/2017/09/1/paul-ryan-r-wi-u-s-speaker-of-the-house-of-representatives-urges-president-donald-trump-not-to-rescind-the-deferred-action-for-childhoo.md) _Context: Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals_
6. [Unarmed Russian Air Force reconnaissance jets, under the authority provided by international Open Skies Treaty, fly over several Washington, D.C., area government buildings and landmarks as well as the President's residence in Bedminster, New Jersey. ](/news/2017/08/9/unarmed-russian-air-force-reconnaissance-jets-under-the-authority-provided-by-international-open-skies-treaty-fly-over-several-washington.md) _Context: District of Columbia_
7. [Special counsel Robert Mueller has impaneled a grand jury in Washington, D.C. to investigate allegations of Russia's interference in the 2016 elections. ](/news/2017/08/3/special-counsel-robert-mueller-has-impaneled-a-grand-jury-in-washington-d-c-to-investigate-allegations-of-russiaas-interference-in-the-2.md) _Context: District of Columbia_
8. [A grand jury in Washington, D.C. has issued indictments for 19 people, including 15 identified as Turkish security officials, for attacking protesters in May 2017. ](/news/2017/08/29/a-grand-jury-in-washington-d-c-has-issued-indictments-for-19-people-including-15-identified-as-turkish-security-officials-for-attacking.md) _Context: District of Columbia_
9. [SpaceX CEO Elon Musk says he has received federal government approval for The Boring Company to build an underground 760mph Hyperloop that will connect New York City and Washington, D.C.. ](/news/2017/07/20/spacex-ceo-elon-musk-says-he-has-received-federal-government-approval-for-the-boring-company-to-build-an-underground-760mph-hyperloop-that-w.md) _Context: District of Columbia_
10. [Six teenagers, four males and two females, from a Burundi robotics team are reported missing after competing in the FIRST Global Robotics Competition in Washington, D.C. A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year old girl reportedly crossed the United States border into Canada. There is no indication of foul play. ](/news/2017/07/20/six-teenagers-four-males-and-two-females-from-a-burundi-robotics-team-are-reported-missing-after-competing-in-the-first-global-robotics-co.md) _Context: District of Columbia_
