### [2017-09-6](/news/2017/09/6/index.md)

# President Donald Trump, siding with Democrats, reaches a deal with congressional leaders of both parties to extend the U.S. debt limit and fund the federal government until Dec. 15, as well as provide Harvey disaster relief. 

President Donald Trump forged a surprising deal with Democrats in Congress on Wednesday to extend the U.S. debt limit and provide government funding until Dec. 15, embracing his political adversaries and blindsiding fellow Republicans in a rare bipartisan accord.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-congress/trump-backs-democrats-on-debt-limit-in-rare-bipartisan-deal-idUSKCN1BH24F?il=0)
2. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/09/06/us/politics/house-vote-harvey-aid-debt-ceiling.html)
2. [Cover Image](https://s2.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20170906&t=2&i=1200279564&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXNPED8525E)

### Related:

1. [ California Attorney General Xavier Becerra files suit in federal court against U.S. President Donald Trump's proposed plan for a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border. ](/news/2017/09/20/california-attorney-general-xavier-becerra-files-suit-in-federal-court-against-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-proposed-plan-for-a-wall-along.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump, U.S. President_
2. [In an official dinner hosted by the United States President, Donald Trump and leaders of the Democratic party Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi agree to fix DACA but disagree with the details, with Trump denying on Twitter the following day that a deal had been made which excluded funding for his proposed wall on the Mexico-United States border. ](/news/2017/09/13/in-an-official-dinner-hosted-by-the-united-states-president-donald-trump-and-leaders-of-the-democratic-party-chuck-schumer-and-nancy-pelosi.md) _Context: Democratic, Donald Trump, U.S. President_
3. [President Donald Trump has ended his planned Presidential Advisory Council on Infrastructure after only a month, coming a day after two other advisory councils, the Strategic and Policy Forum and the American Manufacturing Council, were scrapped. No reason was given. ](/news/2017/08/17/president-donald-trump-has-ended-his-planned-presidential-advisory-council-on-infrastructure-after-only-a-month-coming-a-day-after-two-othe.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump, U.S. President_
4. [Nearly 200 members of the Democratic Party in the United States Congress file a lawsuit in the federal court, claiming that U.S. President Trump profits from business dealings with foreign governments, in violation of the United States Constitution's emolument clauses. This is the third such suit of its kind, following on the heels of the most recent suit by the Attorneys General of Maryland and the District of Columbia.](/news/2017/06/14/nearly-200-members-of-the-democratic-party-in-the-united-states-congress-file-a-lawsuit-in-the-federal-court-claiming-that-u-s-president-t.md) _Context: Democratic, Presidency of Donald Trump, U.S. President_
5. [United States President Donald Trump announces that he intends to seek an investigation into possible voter fraud from last year's election. ](/news/2017/01/25/united-states-president-donald-trump-announces-that-he-intends-to-seek-an-investigation-into-possible-voter-fraud-from-last-year-s-election.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump, U.S. President_
6. [U.S. President Donald Trump signs documents approving the construction of both the Keystone XL and Dakota Access Pipelines. ](/news/2017/01/24/u-s-president-donald-trump-signs-documents-approving-the-construction-of-both-the-keystone-xl-and-dakota-access-pipelines.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump, U.S. President_
7. [Paul Ryan (R-WI), U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives, urges President Donald Trump not to rescind the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program that protects immigrants who illegally entered the U.S. as children from deportation. ](/news/2017/09/1/paul-ryan-r-wi-u-s-speaker-of-the-house-of-representatives-urges-president-donald-trump-not-to-rescind-the-deferred-action-for-childhoo.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump_
8. [Five transgender United States military personnel sue President Donald Trump and top Pentagon officials over the President's policy change announced late last month banning transgender people from serving in the military. The suit asks the court to prevent the ban from going into effect. ](/news/2017/08/9/five-transgender-united-states-military-personnel-sue-president-donald-trump-and-top-pentagon-officials-over-the-president-s-policy-change-a.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. President_
9. [West Virginia Governor Jim Justice announces, during U.S. President Donald Trump's rally in Huntington, he is changing his party affiliation from Democratic to Republican. ](/news/2017/08/3/west-virginia-governor-jim-justice-announces-during-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-rally-in-huntington-he-is-changing-his-party-affiliation.md) _Context: Democratic, Donald Trump_
10. [U.S. President Donald Trump pardons former sheriff of Maricopa County, Arizona, Joe Arpaio. ](/news/2017/08/25/u-s-president-donald-trump-pardons-former-sheriff-of-maricopa-county-arizona-joe-arpaio.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. President_
