### [2003-08-5](/news/2003/08/5/index.md)

#  A planned meeting between Israeli prime minister Ariel Sharon and Palestinian prime minister Mahmoud Abbas is cancelled by Abbas. He accuses Israel of not doing enough in a US-backed road map for peace. Israel had said that 540 Palestinian prisoners would be freed but only released 342 names in a prisoner list. Israel accuses the Palestinians of not curbing terrorist attacks on Israel.




### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A truce is declared between Israel and the Palestinian Authority. Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian Authority, and Ariel Sharon, the Prime Minister of Israel, shook hands at a four-way summit at Sharm el-Sheikh that was also attended by Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and Jordan's King Abdullah. Palestinian organization Hamas says it is not bound by the ceasefire. ](/news/2005/02/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-truce-is-declared-between-israel-and-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palesti.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian_
2. [ Road map for peace: Israeli Defense Minister Shaul Mofaz states he favors expelling Palestinian President Yasser Arafat by the end of the year, because Arafat is obstructing the United States led peace plan. Arafat denies the statement and says he backs the peace plan (though he refuses to release control of Palestinian security services to reformer Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas to stop militant group attacks as mandated by the plan). Palestinian leaders call Defense Minister's remarks inflammatory.](/news/2003/09/2/road-map-for-peace-israeli-defense-minister-shaul-mofaz-states-he-favors-expelling-palestinian-president-yasser-arafat-by-the-end-of-the-y.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian, road map peace plan_
3. [ Road map for peace: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon promises to dismantle illegal settlements in the West Bank, while new Palestinian Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas renounces all terrorism against Israel.](/news/2003/06/4/road-map-for-peace-israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-promises-to-dismantle-illegal-settlements-in-the-west-bank-while-new-palestinian-p.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, road map peace plan_
4. [ A ceasefire commences between Israeli and Palestinian fighters in the Gaza Strip. It followed negotiations between the Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert. ](/news/2006/11/26/a-ceasefire-commences-between-israeli-and-palestinian-fighters-in-the-gaza-strip-it-followed-negotiations-between-the-palestinian-presiden.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian_
5. [ Israel freezes the handover of West Bank Palestinian towns to the Palestinian Authority. Israel claims they will resume the handover process when militant groups are disarmed. The Prime Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, had agreed to hand over five West Bank towns to Palestinian control, but thus far has only handed over Tulkarm and Jericho. ](/news/2005/05/4/israel-freezes-the-handover-of-west-bank-palestinian-towns-to-the-palestinian-authority-israel-claims-they-will-resume-the-handover-proces.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel, Palestinian_
6. [ US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice arrives in Israel to meet with Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas. ](/news/2005/02/6/us-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-arrives-in-israel-to-meet-with-israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-and-palestinian-authority-preside.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel, Mahmoud Abbas_
7. [ Israel releases 500 Palestinian prisoners, as a gesture of goodwill to the Palestinian Authority and to its chairman, Mahmoud Abbas. Israel plans to release another 400 Palestinian prisoners within the next 3 months. ](/news/2005/02/21/israel-releases-500-palestinian-prisoners-as-a-gesture-of-goodwill-to-the-palestinian-authority-and-to-its-chairman-mahmoud-abbas-israel.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas travels to the Gaza Strip to persuade militant groups to join the ceasefire announced with Israel three days ago. ](/news/2005/02/11/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-leader-mahmoud-abbas-travels-to-the-gaza-strip-to-persuade-militant-groups-to-join-the-ceasefire.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: In an interview with Yedioth Ahronoth, Israeli Prime Minister, Ariel Sharon, has said he is "very satisfied" with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas's efforts to restore calm. Sharon pledged to further peace process efforts with Abbas, with a meeting possible within two weeks. ](/news/2005/01/27/israeli-palestinian-conflict-in-an-interview-with-yedioth-ahronoth-israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-has-said-he-is-very-satisfied.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel, Mahmoud Abbas_
10. [ Mahmoud Abbas, the new Palestinian President, has called for an end to the violence, and a mutual ceasefire between the Israelis and the Palestinian Militant factions. ](/news/2005/01/15/mahmoud-abbas-the-new-palestinian-president-has-called-for-an-end-to-the-violence-and-a-mutual-ceasefire-between-the-israelis-and-the-pa.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian_
