### [2003-08-5](/news/2003/08/5/index.md)

#  A powerful car bomb explodes outside the Marriott Hotel, killing at least fourteen people and injuring about 150 in downtown Jakarta, a popular district for foreigners. It is believed to be a suicide bombing. The blast comes two days before a Bali court was due to deliver the verdict of the first suspect of the 2002 Bali terrorist bombing and four days after President Megawati Sukarnoputri vowed to wipe out terrorist networks in Indonesia. Jemaah Islamiyah claimed responsibility for the attack through a Singapore newspaper.




### Related:

1. [ An Indonesian court sentences Amrozi bin Nurhasyim to death for his role in the 2002 Bali terrorist bombing. The court found Amrozi guilty of planning and carrying out the attack. The verdict comes two days after another attack outside Marriott Hotel in Jakarta. Jemaah Islamiyah is linked with both of the attacks.](/news/2003/08/7/an-indonesian-court-sentences-amrozi-bin-nurhasyim-to-death-for-his-role-in-the-2002-bali-terrorist-bombing-the-court-found-amrozi-guilty.md) _Context: 2002 Bali terrorist bombing, Indonesia, Jakarta, Jemaah Islamiyah_
2. [Umar Patek, a key suspect in the 2002 Bali bombings, faces trial on terrorism charges in Jakarta after being extradicted from Pakistan to Indonesia. ](/news/2011/08/11/umar-patek-a-key-suspect-in-the-2002-bali-bombings-faces-trial-on-terrorism-charges-in-jakarta-after-being-extradicted-from-pakistan-to-in.md) _Context: Indonesia, Jakarta, terrorism_
3. [An Indonesian court delivers a guilty verdict in the terrorism trial of radical Muslim cleric Abu Bakar Bashir in the South Jakarta District Court and sentenced to 15 years in prison. ](/news/2011/06/16/an-indonesian-court-delivers-a-guilty-verdict-in-the-terrorism-trial-of-radical-muslim-cleric-abu-bakar-bashir-in-the-si-uth-jakarta-distric.md) _Context: Indonesia, Jakarta, terrorism_
4. [The trial of Indonesian Muslim cleric Abu Bakar Bashir on terrorism charges begins in Jakarta. ](/news/2011/02/10/the-trial-of-indonesian-muslim-cleric-abu-bakar-bashir-on-terrorism-charges-begins-in-jakarta.md) _Context: Indonesia, Jakarta, terrorism_
5. [ A car bomb explodes outside the Australian embassy in Jakarta, Indonesia, killing 9 people (according to the BBC) and wounding 180. Jemaah Islamiyah, the Southeast Asian terrorist group connected with Al Qaeda, is believed responsible. ](/news/2004/09/9/a-car-bomb-explodes-outside-the-australian-embassy-in-jakarta-indonesia-killing-9-people-according-to-the-bbc-and-wounding-180-jemaah.md) _Context: Indonesia, Jakarta, Jemaah Islamiyah_
6. [ The Supreme Court of Indonesia upholds the death sentence handed down to Bali bomber Amrozi. The 12 October 2002 attacks killed 202 mainly holiday makers on the resort island of Bali. ](/news/2004/01/7/the-supreme-court-of-indonesia-upholds-the-death-sentence-handed-down-to-bali-bomber-amrozi-the-12-october-2002-attacks-killed-202-mainly.md) _Context: 2002 Bali terrorist bombing, Bali, Indonesia_
7. [ Terrorist: Terrorism group Jemaah Islamiyah has schemes, revealed in a 40-page manifesto (the Pupji book or "General Guide to the Struggle of Jemaah Islamiyah"), for a suicide bombing campaign designed to change Asia and the Pacific region into Islamic provinces. Jemaah Islamiyah is also shown to be a well-formed organization with a constitution, rules of operation, and leadership structure.](/news/2003/08/31/terrorist-terrorism-group-jemaah-islamiyah-has-schemes-revealed-in-a-40-page-manifesto-the-pupji-book-or-general-guide-to-the-struggle.md) _Context: Jemaah Islamiyah, suicide bombing, terrorism_
8. [ 2002 Bali bombings: Indonesia's defense minister blamed al-Qaida and its extremist allies for the massive bomb attack that killed more than 180 people at a nightclub on the resort island of Bali.](/news/2002/10/14/2002-bali-bombings-indonesia-s-defense-minister-blamed-al-qaida-and-its-extremist-allies-for-the-massive-bomb-attack-that-killed-more-than.md) _Context: 2002 Bali terrorist bombing, Bali, Indonesia_
9. [ 2002 Bali bombings: A car-bomb on the Indonesian island of Bali explodes outside a nightclub killing at least 182 people, 75% of whom are said to have been foreign holidaymakers. Another 210 people are said to have been injured. The principal suspects for this terrorist incident are a group seeking to establish an Islamic state in Indonesia, Jemaah Islamiyah, although it could equally be the work of al-Qaeda. Another bomb explodes at around the same time in the nearby town of Denpasar, Bali. It had been said to be an attack on Australian holidaymakers due to its role in the liberation of East Timor.](/news/2002/10/12/2002-bali-bombings-a-car-bomb-on-the-indonesian-island-of-bali-explodes-outside-a-nightclub-killing-at-least-182-people-75-of-whom-are-s.md) _Context: Bali, Indonesia, Jemaah Islamiyah_
10. [Thousands of people on the Indonesian island of Bali flee from their homes due to concerns over Mount Agung erupting. The alert status for the volcano was increased to the highest level possible yesterday. ](/news/2017/09/23/thousands-of-people-on-the-indonesian-island-of-bali-flee-from-their-homes-due-to-concerns-over-mount-agung-erupting-the-alert-status-for-t.md) _Context: Bali, Indonesia_
