### [2003-08-5](/news/2003/08/5/index.md)

#  The Episcopal Church, the U.S. branch of the Anglican Communion, approves its first openly gay bishop as the final vote was cast to confirm Gene Robinson as the Diocese of New Hampshire. Robinson was cleared of allegations of misconduct before the vote. The action incites protests, a declaration of a "pastoral emergency", and calls for intervention by the Anglican Communion chief bishops.




### Related:

1. [ The bishops of the United States Episcopal Church agree to "exercise restraint" by not consecrating more gay bishops or authorizing rites for the blessing of same-sex unions in order to prevent a schism in the Anglican Church worldwide. ](/news/2007/09/26/the-bishops-of-the-united-states-episcopal-church-agree-to-exercise-restraint-by-not-consecrating-more-gay-bishops-or-authorizing-rites-f.md) _Context: United States Episcopal Church, bishop, gay_
2. [ The Church of Uganda, the Anglican province of Uganda, appoints a bishop in the United States, John Guernsey, deepening a split with the Episcopal Church over the ordination of gay priests and bishops. ](/news/2007/09/1/the-church-of-uganda-the-anglican-province-of-uganda-appoints-a-bishop-in-the-united-states-john-guernsey-deepening-a-split-with-the-ep.md) _Context: Anglican Communion, United States Episcopal Church, bishop_
3. [ Rowan Williams, Archbishop of Canterbury and spiritual head of the Anglican community, declines to invite gay Bishop of New Hampshire Gene Robinson and unrecognized conservative Bishop Martyn Minns of the Convocation of Anglicans in North America to the 2008 Lambeth Conference. ](/news/2007/05/22/rowan-williams-archbishop-of-canterbury-and-spiritual-head-of-the-anglican-community-declines-to-invite-gay-bishop-of-new-hampshire-gene.md) _Context: Gene Robinson, New Hampshire, bishop_
4. [ The Anglican Churches of North America &ndash; the Episcopal Church in the United States and the Anglican Church of Canada &ndash; are asked to voluntarily withdraw their members from the Anglican Consultative Council until after the next Lambeth Conference in 2008. This is viewed as an ultimatum to the churches to bring their policies into line with the worldwide Anglican Communion, following the ordination of the first gay bishop in New Hampshire and the blessing of same-sex unions by the Canadian church, and presages a schism if they do not comply. ](/news/2005/02/24/the-anglican-churches-of-north-america-ndash-the-episcopal-church-in-the-united-states-and-the-anglican-church-of-canada-ndash-are-aske.md) _Context: Gene Robinson, New Hampshire, United States Episcopal Church_
5. [ The clergy and lay people of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America, by a comfortable margin, vote in favor of the appointment of an openly gay bishop. The vote is thought likely to get confirmation from the bishops' collegium, which however is delayed due to last minute independent allegations of misconduct and intense conservative opposition.](/news/2003/08/4/the-clergy-and-lay-people-of-the-episcopal-church-in-the-united-states-of-america-by-a-comfortable-margin-vote-in-favor-of-the-appointmen.md) _Context: United States Episcopal Church, bishop, gay_
6. [ Hundreds of bishops from the worldwide Anglican Communion gather at Canterbury as the once-a-decade Lambeth Conference begins one month after the GAFCON. ](/news/2008/07/16/hundreds-of-bishops-from-the-worldwide-anglican-communion-gather-at-canterbury-as-the-once-a-decade-lambeth-conference-begins-one-month-aft.md) _Context: Anglican Communion, bishop_
7. [ The Anglican Church splits over gay bishop. Half the archbishops of the Anglican union denounce the Episcopal Church's consecration of the world's first openly gay, Gene Robinson, non-celibate bishop and vowed not to recognize the appointment.](/news/2003/11/4/the-anglican-church-splits-over-gay-bishop-half-the-archbishops-of-the-anglican-union-denounce-the-episcopal-church-s-consecration-of-the.md) _Context: Gene Robinson, United States Episcopal Church_
8. [Leo Varadkar becomes the new party leader of Fine Gael, after winning 51 of 73 votes in the parliamentary party, and is expected to become Taoiseach (Prime Minister) of Ireland, which would make him the youngest and first openly gay man to be Taoiseach, as well as being the first of half-Indian descent. ](/news/2017/06/2/leo-varadkar-becomes-the-new-party-leader-of-fine-gael-after-winning-51-of-73-votes-in-the-parliamentary-party-and-is-expected-to-become-t.md) _Context: gay_
9. [Leo Varadkar becomes the first gay Taoiseach of the Republic of Ireland. ](/news/2017/06/14/leo-varadkar-becomes-the-first-gay-taoiseach-of-the-republic-of-ireland.md) _Context: gay_
10. [Russian authorities arrest more than 100 gay men in Chechnya, including television personalities and religious figures, for "nontraditional sexual orientation." The "Novaya Gazeta" newspaper reported that three of the arrested men have been killed, while others reportedly were released for family honor killing. Chechen Republic leader Ramzan Kadyrov's spokesperson said this report contains "absolute lies and disinformation" since there are no homosexuals in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/04/3/russian-authorities-arrest-more-than-100-gay-men-in-chechnya-including-television-personalities-and-religious-figures-for-nontraditional.md) _Context: gay_
