### [2012-08-7](/news/2012/08/7/index.md)

# Mexican Drug War: The United States freezes the assets of three Belize-based associates of Mexico's top drug lord, Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman. 




### Source:

1. [The Huffington Post](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/08/07/joaquin-el-chapo-guzman-mexicos-most-wanted_n_1751671.html?utm_hp_ref=world)

### Related:

1. [Mexican Drug War:Four suspected drug traffickers of the Sinaloa Cartel, including the cousin of Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman, Mexico's most-wanted drug lord, are captured in Spain. ](/news/2012/08/10/mexican-drug-war-pfour-suspected-drug-traffickers-of-the-sinaloa-cartel-including-the-cousin-of-joaquan-el-chapo-guzma-n-mexico-s-most.md) _Context: Joaquin Guzman Loera, Mexican Drug War_
2. [War on Drugs:Mexican Drug War: Mexican marines detain Jesus Alfredo Guzman Salazar, the son of Joaquin Guzman Loera (alias ''El Chapo''), Mexico's most-wanted drug lord in the western state of Jalisco. ](/news/2012/06/21/war-on-drugs-pmexican-drug-war-mexican-marines-detain-jesaos-alfredo-guzma-n-salazar-the-son-of-joaquan-guzma-n-loera-alias-el-chapo.md) _Context: Joaquin Guzman Loera, Mexican Drug War_
3. [Mexican Drug War:15 mutilated bodies are found inside two abandoned SUVs in the state of Jalisco, a region that is under dispute between Los Zetas and the Sinaloa Cartel. The Mexican authorities believe the massacre is a response by Los Zetas for the 2012 Nuevo Laredo massacres reportedly carried out by Joaquin Guzman Loera (a.k.a. ''El Chapo''), Mexico's most-wanted drug lord. ](/news/2012/05/9/mexican-drug-war-p15-mutilated-bodies-are-found-inside-two-abandoned-suvs-in-the-state-of-jalisco-a-region-that-is-under-dispute-between-lo.md) _Context: Joaquin Guzman Loera, Mexican Drug War_
4. [Mexican Drug War:A gunfight between the Mexican Army and suspected gunmen of a drug cartel left 12 dead in the western state of Sinaloa, the homestate of Joaquin Guzman Loera, Mexico's most-wanted drug lord. ](/news/2012/05/2/mexican-drug-war-pa-gunfight-between-the-mexican-army-and-suspected-gunmen-of-a-drug-cartel-left-12-dead-in-the-western-state-of-sinaloa-th.md) _Context: Joaquin Guzman Loera, Mexican Drug War_
5. [Mexico is reported to be the second deadliest country after Syria by number of absolute conflict-related deaths in 2016. ](/news/2017/05/10/mexico-is-reported-to-be-the-second-deadliest-country-after-syria-by-number-of-absolute-conflict-related-deaths-in-2016.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
6. [A gang shoots down a police helicopter near Apatzingan, Michoacan, killing four people. The police had been conducting an operation against criminal groups and drug cartels. ](/news/2016/09/7/a-gang-shoots-down-a-police-helicopter-near-apatzinga-n-michoaca-n-killing-four-people-the-police-had-been-conducting-an-operation-agains.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
7. [Hurricane Earl makes landfall in Belize near Belize City early today. ](/news/2016/08/4/hurricane-earl-makes-landfall-in-belize-near-belize-city-early-today.md) _Context: Belize_
8. [ Tropical Storm Earl, now about 265 miles (425 km) east-southeast of Belize City with top sustained winds of 70 mph (110 KM/H), becomes Hurricane Earl that could produce up to 16 inches of rain by the time it hits Belize. On Sunday, then a tropical wave, Earl was responsible for nine deaths, with four people still missing, in the Dominican Republic. ](/news/2016/08/3/tropical-storm-earl-now-about-265-miles-425-km-east-southeast-of-belize-city-with-top-sustained-winds-of-70-mph-110-km-h-becomes-hurr.md) _Context: Belize_
9. [Mexican police come under attack in a two-hour gunfight in the city of Acapulco, killing one gunman. At the same time, a separate group of gunmen attacked a federal police base in the city. ](/news/2016/04/25/mexican-police-come-under-attack-in-a-two-hour-gunfight-in-the-city-of-acapulco-killing-one-gunman-at-the-same-time-a-separate-group-of-g.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
10. [Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto proposes legalizing marijuana for medical purposes and easing limits for personal use of the drug. He said he would be sending a bill to the Congress to increase the amount users can legally carry from the current five grams to 28 (0.18-1oz). The news comes just two days after he addressed the United Nations General Assembly at a special session on drug policy and is seen as a chance to re-think the current strategy of fighting drug-trafficking, especially in Mexico where the fighting has killed tens of thousands of people. ](/news/2016/04/22/mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-proposes-legalizing-marijuana-for-medical-purposes-and-easing-limits-for-personal-use-of-the-drug-he.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
