### [2012-08-7](/news/2012/08/7/index.md)

# Syrian civil war: Saeed Jalili, a senior Iranian official, reaffirms the Iranian government's support for the Syrian government throughout the crisis. 

Senior Iranian official meets Assad in Damascus as new deaths are reported in Aleppo where troops are battling rebels.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/middleeast/2012/08/201287142241794676.html)

### Related:

1. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Iran, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
2. [   At least 13 Iranian soldiers are killed in a battle with Islamist militants in a village near Aleppo, Syria. This is the largest single day loss for the Iranians since the start of the conflict. ](/news/2016/05/7/at-least-13-iranian-soldiers-are-killed-in-a-battle-with-islamist-militants-in-a-village-near-aleppo-syria-this-is-the-largest-single-d.md) _Context: Iran, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Iranian state television says Revolutionary Guard brigadier general, Hossein Hamadani, has been killed on the outskirts of Syria's Aleppo by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. This is the latest in a string of high-ranking Iranian commanders killed in Iraq and Syria in the last six months. ](/news/2015/10/9/iranian-state-television-says-revolutionary-guard-brigadier-general-hossein-hamadani-has-been-killed-on-the-outskirts-of-syria-s-aleppo-by.md) _Context: Iran, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Representatives from about 20 countries meet in Vienna, Austria, seeking a political solution to Syria's four-year civil war that has killed more than 250,000 people, including dozens more today. For the first time Iran is at the table, where diplomats seek peace through a ceasefire plan followed by a transitional government. ](/news/2015/10/30/representatives-from-about-20-countries-meet-in-vienna-austria-seeking-a-political-solution-to-syria-s-four-year-civil-war-that-has-killed.md) _Context: Iran, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of  talks  over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan,  the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saud.md) _Context: Iran, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian Civil War:Friends of Syria calls on Iran and its Lebanese ally Hezbollah to withdraw from Syrian territory. ](/news/2013/05/23/syrian-civil-war-pfriends-of-syria-calls-on-iran-and-its-lebanese-ally-hezbollah-to-withdraw-from-syrian-territory.md) _Context: Iran, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
7. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Israeli Minister of Construction Yoav Galant states that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should be assassinated.  Yesterday, the United States Department of State accused the al-Assad government of using a crematory at Sednaya Prison to cover up the mass murders of thousands of political prisoners. The Syrian government denied the accusations. ](/news/2017/05/16/israeli-minister-of-construction-yoav-galant-states-that-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-should-be-assassinated-yesterday-the-united-sta.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
9. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a large explosion near Damascus International Airport followed by a fire. The Syrian government says Israel struck the military site with several missiles. Israeli Intelligence Minister Yisrael Katz states that the strike "corresponds completely with Israel's policy". ](/news/2017/04/27/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-large-explosion-near-damascus-international-airport-followed-by-a-fire-the-syrian-governm.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
10. [According to the Russian Defence Ministry, two of its soldiers have been killed by a mortar attack in Syria while another was wounded. The ministry did not specify when or where the attack occurred. ](/news/2017/04/11/according-to-the-russian-defence-ministry-two-of-its-soldiers-have-been-killed-by-a-mortar-attack-in-syria-while-another-was-wounded-the-m.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
