### [2007-07-4](/news/2007/07/4/index.md)

#  Investigators find a suicide note from the two men accused of involvement in the 2007 Glasgow International Airport attack. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2007/WORLD/europe/07/04/london.investigation/index.html)

### Related:

1. [ Bilal Abdullah is convicted for his roles in the 2007 attack on Glasgow International Airport and an attempted bombing of London's West End. ](/news/2008/12/16/bilal-abdullah-is-convicted-for-his-roles-in-the-2007-attack-on-glasgow-international-airport-and-an-attempted-bombing-of-london-s-west-end.md) _Context: 2007 attack_
2. [ Kafeel Ahmed, who was one of the instigators of the 2007 Glasgow International Airport attack, dies in the Glasgow Royal Infirmary of the injuries he sustained in the attack. ](/news/2007/08/2/kafeel-ahmed-who-was-one-of-the-instigators-of-the-2007-glasgow-international-airport-attack-dies-in-the-glasgow-royal-infirmary-of-the-i.md) _Context: 2007 attack_
3. [ Australian authorities increase security as the interrogation of Dr. Mohamed Haneef over his possible involvement in the 2007 Glasgow International Airport attack and the 2007 London car bombs incidents continues. The Australian Federal Police conducts raids on two hospitals in Perth, Western Australia. ](/news/2007/07/6/australian-authorities-increase-security-as-the-interrogation-of-dr-mohamed-haneef-over-his-possible-involvement-in-the-2007-glasgow-inter.md) _Context: 2007 attack_
4. [ British detectives continue the hunt for suspects in the 2007 Glasgow International Airport attack and the 2007 London car bombs plot. Two doctors are among the seven people currently in custody in the UK in connection with the attacks with another person held in Brisbane, Queensland. ](/news/2007/07/2/british-detectives-continue-the-hunt-for-suspects-in-the-2007-glasgow-international-airport-attack-and-the-2007-london-car-bombs-plot-two.md) _Context: 2007 attack_
5. [ Dr Mohamed Haneef is granted bail by a Queensland magistrate on charges of supporting a terrorist organisation in relation to the 2007 Glasgow International Airport attack and the 2007 London car bombs. The Australian government later revokes his visa. ](/news/2007/07/16/dr-mohamed-haneef-is-granted-bail-by-a-queensland-magistrate-on-charges-of-supporting-a-terrorist-organisation-in-relation-to-the-2007-glas.md) _Context: 2007 attack_
6. [ Two doctors arrested at the Royal Alexandra Hospital, Paisley, Scotland in connection with 2007 Glasgow International Airport attack were released without any charges. ](/news/2007/07/15/two-doctors-arrested-at-the-royal-alexandra-hospital-paisley-scotland-in-connection-with-2007-glasgow-international-airport-attack-were-r.md) _Context: 2007 attack_
7. [ The Australian Federal Police charge Dr. Mohamed Haneef with "providing support to a terrorist organization" in relation to the 2007 Glasgow International Airport attack and the 2007 London car bombs. ](/news/2007/07/14/the-australian-federal-police-charge-dr-mohamed-haneef-with-providing-support-to-a-terrorist-organization-in-relation-to-the-2007-glasgo.md) _Context: 2007 attack_
8. [ The Australian government upgrades its travel alert for the United Kingdom following the 2007 Glasgow International Airport attack and the 2007 London car bombs discovery. ](/news/2007/07/1/the-australian-government-upgrades-its-travel-alert-for-the-united-kingdom-following-the-2007-glasgow-international-airport-attack-and-the.md) _Context: 2007 attack_
9. [ Police conduct a controlled explosion of a suspicious car in a carpark of the Royal Alexandra Hospital in Paisley, where two suspects in the 2007 Glasgow International Airport attack are being held. ](/news/2007/07/1/police-conduct-a-controlled-explosion-of-a-suspicious-car-in-a-carpark-of-the-royal-alexandra-hospital-in-paisley-where-two-suspects-in-th.md) _Context: 2007 attack_
10. [ "Glasgow International Airport attack:". A car on fire crashes into the main terminal building of Glasgow Airport. Two people are arrested at the scene by police, with one man reportedly on fire as he is being arrested.. The airport closes, with all plane flights cancelled and the airport evacuated.. COBRA conducts an emergency meeting, and Prime Minister Gordon Brown makes a statement afterward in which he thanks emergency services after today's attack and the London car bombs plot yesterday.. Home Secretary Jacqui Smith announces that the national security threat level is elevated from "severe" to "critical"&mdash;the highest possible, meaning "further attacks are imminent"&mdash;and everyone should be on "high alert." ](/news/2007/06/30/glasgow-international-airport-attack-a-car-on-fire-crashes-into-the-main-terminal-building-of-glasgow-airport-two-people-are-arrested.md) _Context: 2007 attack_
