### [2006-10-1](/news/2006/10/1/index.md)

#  Incumbent President of Zambia Levy Mwanawasa is in the lead in early results in the Presidential election, according to the Electoral Commission of Zambia.




### Related:

1. [ Zambia's President, Levy Mwanawasa, is re-elected, according to the Zambian Electoral Commission. ](/news/2006/10/2/zambia-s-president-levy-mwanawasa-is-re-elected-according-to-the-zambian-electoral-commission.md) _Context: Levy Mwanawasa, President, Zambia, re-elected_
2. [ Chinese President Hu Jintao continues his eight-nation tour in Africa as he arrives in Lusaka and hold talks with Zambian President Levy Mwanawasa. President Hu launched a copper mining partnership with Zambia and promised more in aid. ](/news/2007/02/4/chinese-president-hu-jintao-continues-his-eight-nation-tour-in-africa-as-he-arrives-in-lusaka-and-hold-talks-with-zambian-president-levy-mw.md) _Context: Levy Mwanawasa, President, Zambia_
3. [Zambian presidential election, 2015: Voters in Zambia go to the polls for a presidential election following the October 2014 death of incumbent President Michael Sata. Defence Minister Edgar Lungu (the Patriotic Front) and Hakainde Hichilema (the United Party for National Development) seek the office. ](/news/2015/01/20/zambian-presidential-election-2015-voters-in-zambia-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-following-the-october-2014-death-of-incumb.md) _Context: President, Zambia_
4. [Zambian media reports that President Michael Sata has died while receiving medical care in London. ](/news/2014/10/28/zambian-media-reports-that-president-michael-sata-has-died-while-receiving-medical-care-in-london.md) _Context: President, Zambia_
5. [The former President of Zambia Rupiah Banda is arrested for alleged corruption and abuse of authority. ](/news/2013/03/25/the-former-president-of-zambia-rupiah-banda-is-arrested-for-alleged-corruption-and-abuse-of-authority.md) _Context: President, Zambia_
6. [ Zambian President Levy Mwanawasa is stable after undergoing an operation to improve his breathing, his deputy says. ](/news/2008/07/8/zambian-president-levy-mwanawasa-is-stable-after-undergoing-an-operation-to-improve-his-breathing-his-deputy-says.md) _Context: Levy Mwanawasa, Zambia_
7. [ The President of Zambia Levy Mwanawasa is flown to Paris for treatment after suffering a stroke at the African Union summit in Sharm el-Sheikh, Egypt. ](/news/2008/07/2/the-president-of-zambia-levy-mwanawasa-is-flown-to-paris-for-treatment-after-suffering-a-stroke-at-the-african-union-summit-in-sharm-el-she.md) _Context: Levy Mwanawasa, President_
8. [ Robert Mugabe, the President of Zimbabwe, accused Levy Mwanawasa, the President of Zambia and Chairman of the Southern African Development Community, of selling out his country to the Western world and plotting with foreign intelligence agencies during an SADC conference in August. President Mwanawasa later apologized to Mugabe, saying Mugabe had misunderstood an earlier comment. ](/news/2007/09/7/robert-mugabe-the-president-of-zimbabwe-accused-levy-mwanawasa-the-president-of-zambia-and-chairman-of-the-southern-african-development.md) _Context: Levy Mwanawasa, President_
9. [ The President of Zambia Levy Mwanawasa suspends the head of the Drug Enforcement Commission Ryan Chitoba for alleged misappropriation of money confiscated from criminals. ](/news/2007/08/9/the-president-of-zambia-levy-mwanawasa-suspends-the-head-of-the-drug-enforcement-commission-ryan-chitoba-for-alleged-misappropriation-of-mo.md) _Context: Levy Mwanawasa, President_
10. [ As more than one million Zambians face severe food shortages due to drought, President Levy Mwanawasa declares a national disaster and appealed for international food aid. ](/news/2005/11/21/as-more-than-one-million-zambians-face-severe-food-shortages-due-to-drought-president-levy-mwanawasa-declares-a-national-disaster-and-appe.md) _Context: Levy Mwanawasa, Zambia_
