### [2006-10-1](/news/2006/10/1/index.md)

#  The last Israeli troops leave Lebanon in accordance with UN Resolution 1701, two months after occupying the territory. UNIFIL officials, however, claim that they still occupy the border village of Ghajar. 

Reuters.com brings you the latest news from around the world, covering breaking news in markets, business, politics, entertainment, technology, video and pictures.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.com/news/articlenews.aspx?type=newsOne&storyID=2006-10-01T085432Z_01_L15397671_RTRUKOC_0_US-MIDEAST.xml&WTmodLoc=Home-C1-TopStories-newsOne-2)
1. [Cover Image](http://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png)

### Related:

1. [Following a January 18 airstrike against a Hezbollah convoy, Hezbollah targets an Israeli military convoy near the Lebanon border at the Shebaa farms area, killing two and wounding another seven. While the Israeli military responds with artillery fire upon several South Lebanon border villages and Shebaa Farms, Hezbollah responds with mortar shells. Cross fire fighting kills a Spanish UN peacekeeper in the town of Ghajar. ](/news/2015/01/28/following-a-january-18-airstrike-against-a-hezbollah-convoy-hezbollah-targets-an-israeli-military-convoy-near-the-lebanon-border-at-the-she.md) _Context: Ghajar, Lebanon, UN peacekeeper_
2. [The Lebanese army claims that Israeli Air Force planes violated Lebanon's airspace several times, in violation of the United Nations Security Council Resolution, which ended the Israeli-Lebanese war of 2006 between Lebanese-based Islamic militant group Hezbollah and Israel. ](/news/2010/12/27/the-lebanese-army-claims-that-israeli-air-force-planes-violated-lebanon-s-airspace-several-times-in-violation-of-the-united-nations-securit.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanon, United Nations Security Council Resolution_
3. [ Israeli PM Ehud Olmert is criticised by the Winograd Commission for taking Israel to war in Lebanon last year "hastily". ](/news/2007/04/30/israeli-pm-ehud-olmert-is-criticised-by-the-winograd-commission-for-taking-israel-to-war-in-lebanon-last-year-hastily.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanon, war_
4. [Israel says it will lift its air and sea blockade of Lebanon. ](/news/2006/09/7/israel-says-it-will-lift-its-air-and-sea-blockade-of-lebanon.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanon, war_
5. [ The United Nations Human Rights Council has voted to send a team to Lebanon to investigate alleged abuses by Israel. ](/news/2006/08/12/the-united-nations-human-rights-council-has-voted-to-send-a-team-to-lebanon-to-investigate-alleged-abuses-by-israel.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanon, war_
6. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanon_
7. [A missile-strike in Jaramana in southern Syria kills high-ranking Lebanese Hezbollah commander Samir Kuntar and eight National Defence Force (NDF) personnel. The responsibility for the incident taken by the Free Syrian Army, though Hezbollah alleges Israeli involvement. Kuntar was the longest serving Lebanese prisoner in Israel until his release in 2008. On April 22, 1979 Kuntar and his team broke into an apartment building and kidnapped a father, 31-year-old Danny Haran, and his 4-year-old daughter, Einat, taking them to a nearby beach and killing them. ](/news/2015/12/20/a-missile-strike-in-jaramana-in-southern-syria-kills-high-ranking-lebanese-hezbollah-commander-samir-kuntar-and-eight-national-defence-force.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanon_
8. [A massive sandstorm hits Lebanon and Syria as well as Jordan, Israel and Egypt. The Lebanese Health Ministry said the storm caused the deaths of two women, and sent hundreds to hospitals with breathing difficulties. Particularly hard hit were the 1.1 million Syrian refugees in Lebanon, many in flimsy tents in informal campsites. ](/news/2015/09/8/a-massive-sandstorm-hits-lebanon-and-syria-as-well-as-jordan-israel-and-egypt-the-lebanese-health-ministry-said-the-storm-caused-the-death.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanon_
9. [Two rockets are launched at Israel from Lebanon. Israel fires 20 artillery shells into Lebanon in retaliation. ](/news/2013/12/29/two-rockets-are-launched-at-israel-from-lebanon-israel-fires-20-artillery-shells-into-lebanon-in-retaliation.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanon_
10. [Four Israeli soldiers are wounded by a landmine near the Lebanese border. ](/news/2013/08/7/four-israeli-soldiers-are-wounded-by-a-landmine-near-the-lebanese-border.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanon_
