### [2017-05-6](/news/2017/05/6/index.md)

# 2017 Venezuelan protests: A young man is shot dead in Valencia, Carabobo, amid ongoing protests against the government of Nicolas Maduro. Protesters tear down a statue of former President Hugo Chavez in Rosario de Perija. 

Young protester shot in the head amid continuation of demonstrations that brand President Nicolás Maduro a dictator and demand elections


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/may/06/hugo-chavez-statue-torn-down-as-death-toll-rises-in-venezuela-protests)

### Related:

1. [2017 Venezuelan protests: The birthplace of late President Hugo Chavez is burned by protesters as violence and looting spreads through Barinas, Venezuela following the death of a protester. ](/news/2017/05/22/2017-venezuelan-protests-the-birthplace-of-late-president-hugo-cha-vez-is-burned-by-protesters-as-violence-and-looting-spreads-through-bari.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, President, ongoing protests_
2. [2017 Venezuelan protests: Marking the 50th consecutive day of protests, hundreds of thousands demonstrate throughout Venezuela against President Nicolas Maduro, with civil unrest growing despite the increasing number of casualties. ](/news/2017/05/20/2017-venezuelan-protests-marking-the-50th-consecutive-day-of-protests-hundreds-of-thousands-demonstrate-throughout-venezuela-against-presi.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, President, ongoing protests_
3. [Nicolas Maduro, acting President of Venezuela, officially begins his campaign to succeed Hugo Chavez in the late leader's hometown ahead of the April 14 election. ](/news/2013/04/3/nicola-s-maduro-acting-president-of-venezuela-officially-begins-his-campaign-to-succeed-hugo-cha-vez-in-the-late-leader-s-hometown-ahead-o.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Nicolas Maduro, President_
4. [Nicolas Maduro wins a narrow victory in Venezuela's presidential election over Henrique Capriles. Maduro is due to be sworn in as President of Venezuela on 19 April and is set to serve until January 2019, to complete the term of recently deceased President Hugo Chavez. Capriles refuses to acknowledge defeat and calls for a recount. ](/news/2013/04/15/nicola-s-maduro-wins-a-narrow-victory-in-venezuela-s-presidential-election-over-henrique-capriles-maduro-is-due-to-be-sworn-in-as-president.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Nicolas Maduro, President_
5. [Following the state funeral of former President of Venezuela Hugo Chavez, Vice President Nicolas Maduro is officially sworn in as Interim President. ](/news/2013/03/8/following-the-state-funeral-of-former-president-of-venezuela-hugo-cha-vez-vice-president-nicola-s-maduro-is-officially-sworn-in-as-interim.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Nicolas Maduro, President_
6. [Nicolas Maduro, the Vice President of Venezuela, warns that President Hugo Chavez faces a "difficult" recovery from cancer surgery in Cuba. ](/news/2012/12/12/nicola-s-maduro-the-vice-president-of-venezuela-warns-that-president-hugo-cha-vez-faces-a-difficult-recovery-from-cancer-surgery-in-cuba.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Nicolas Maduro, President_
7. [2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis: Armed men dressed as soldiers, apparently led by former National Guard captain Juan Carlos Caguaripano, attack a Venezuelan Army base near Valencia, Carabobo, declaring themselves in rebellion against the National Constituent Assembly and President Nicolas Maduro. At least two people are killed. ](/news/2017/08/6/2017-venezuelan-constitutional-crisis-armed-men-dressed-as-soldiers-apparently-led-by-former-national-guard-captain-juan-carlos-caguaripan.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Valencia, Carabobo_
8. [2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis: The new Constituent Assembly votes to remove Attorney General Luisa Ortega Diaz, a prominent critic of President Nicolas Maduro, from her post. The move comes hours after troops from the National Guard surrounded her home in Caracas. ](/news/2017/08/5/2017-venezuelan-constitutional-crisis-the-new-constituent-assembly-votes-to-remove-attorney-general-luisa-ortega-daaz-a-prominent-critic.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, President_
9. [United States-Venezuela relations: The United States sanctions Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro over the controversial Constitutional Assembly election which critics say is an attempt to establish a dictatorship. ](/news/2017/07/31/united-states-venezuela-relations-the-united-states-sanctions-venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-over-the-controversial-constitutional.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, President_
10. [Venezuelan Constitutional Assembly election, 2017: Voters in Venezuela participate in an election for members of a new Constitutional Assembly, devised by President Nicolas Maduro to amend the constitution following a legislative takeover in March. Many Venezuelans question the election's legitimacy, resulting in boycotts and ongoing protests. ](/news/2017/07/30/venezuelan-constitutional-assembly-election-2017-voters-in-venezuela-participate-in-an-election-for-members-of-a-new-constitutional-assemb.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, ongoing protests_
