### [2017-05-6](/news/2017/05/6/index.md)

# Boko Haram insurgency. Chibok schoolgirls kidnapping. Nigerian officials report, as a result of negotiations, Boko Haram has released an estimated 82 schoolgirls who were among about 220 kidnapped from a secondary school in Chibok in Borno State in April 2014. 

Boko Haram militants have released dozens of schoolgirls out of a group of more than 200 whom they kidnapped from the northeastern town of Chibok in April 2014, officials said on Saturday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-nigeria-security-idUSKBN1820P1)

### Related:

1. [Boko Haram insurgency. Boko Haram insurgents ambush an oil exploration team in the Magumeri area of Borno State, Nigeria, killing at least 69 people. ](/news/2017/07/30/boko-haram-insurgency-boko-haram-insurgents-ambush-an-oil-exploration-team-in-the-magumeri-area-of-borno-state-nigeria-killing-at-least-6.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Borno State, Nigeria_
2. [Boko Haram insurgency. The United Nations suspends aid to dangerous areas of Nigeria's northeastern Borno State following Thursday's attack by Boko Haram (ISIL in Africa) on a humanitarian convoy where two soldiers and three civilians were wounded. However, UNICEF noted, aid will continue to the capital Maiduguri. ](/news/2016/07/29/boko-haram-insurgency-the-united-nations-suspends-aid-to-dangerous-areas-of-nigeria-s-northeastern-borno-state-following-thursday-s-attack.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Borno State, Nigeria_
3. [Boko Haram insurgency. Fighting in various remote villages in the Borno State of Nigeria kill at least one civilian and six Boko Haram militants. According to the Nigerian Army, they've rescued more than 5,000 hostages from the militants. ](/news/2016/06/26/boko-haram-insurgency-fighting-in-various-remote-villages-in-the-borno-state-of-nigeria-kill-at-least-one-civilian-and-six-boko-haram-milit.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Borno State, Nigeria_
4. [Boko Haram insurgency. According to a civilian vigilante, 20 people are killed after Boko Haram militants open fire on cars outside a village in Nigeria's restive northeast Borno state. ](/news/2015/10/21/boko-haram-insurgency-according-to-a-civilian-vigilante-20-people-are-killed-after-boko-haram-militants-open-fire-on-cars-outside-a-villag.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Borno State, Nigeria_
5. [Boko Haram insurgency. A bomb attack consistent with Boko Haram kills 50 people in Nigeria's Borno State. ](/news/2015/08/11/boko-haram-insurgency-a-bomb-attack-consistent-with-boko-haram-kills-50-people-in-nigeria-s-borno-state.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Borno State, Nigeria_
6. [Boko Haram insurgency. A Nigerian Air Force jet mistakenly bombs a refugee camp in Borno State, near the border with Cameroon, killing at least 90 people and injuring more than 100. The pilot reportedly believed he was attacking Boko Haram militants. ](/news/2017/01/17/boko-haram-insurgency-a-nigerian-air-force-jet-mistakenly-bombs-a-refugee-camp-in-borno-state-near-the-border-with-cameroon-killing-at-le.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Borno State_
7. [Boko Haram insurgency. President Muhammadu Buhari announces that the Nigerian Armed Forces have successfully driven out Boko Haram militants from their last stronghold in the Sambisa Forest in northeastern Nigeria. ](/news/2016/12/24/boko-haram-insurgency-president-muhammadu-buhari-announces-that-the-nigerian-armed-forces-have-successfully-driven-out-boko-haram-militants.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Nigeria_
8. [Boko Haram insurgency. The United Nations and Nigeria come to an agreement to release 876 children being held due to suspicions that they are tied to Boko Haram. ](/news/2016/10/30/boko-haram-insurgency-the-united-nations-and-nigeria-come-to-an-agreement-to-release-876-children-being-held-due-to-suspicions-that-they-ar.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Nigeria_
9. [Boko Haram insurgency. Suspected Boko Haram suicide bombers kill at least eight people in the Nigerian city of Maiduguri. ](/news/2016/10/29/boko-haram-insurgency-suspected-boko-haram-suicide-bombers-kill-at-least-eight-people-in-the-nigerian-city-of-maiduguri.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Nigeria_
10. [Boko Haram. Negotiations between the Nigerian president's administration and Islamist militants free 21 of the 270 schoolgirls kidnapped in 2014 by Boko Haram in Chibok, Nigeria (leaving 218 victims still unaccounted for). ](/news/2016/10/13/boko-haram-negotiations-between-the-nigerian-president-s-administration-and-islamist-militants-free-21-of-the-270-schoolgirls-kidnapped-in.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Chibok, Chibok schoolgirls kidnapping_
