### [2017-05-6](/news/2017/05/6/index.md)

# French presidential election, 2017: Voting begins in territories and diplomatic missions west of Metropolitan France for the second round of the presidential election between Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen. 

France goes to the polls on Sunday for the final round of the presidential election, with Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen vying to be the country’s next head of state. After the candidates from France’s traditional parties were eliminated in the first round, the most dramatic election campaign in the 59-year history of the Fifth Republic comes down to a stark choice between an independent centrist promising a renewal of European alliances and a nationalist who wants to pull out of the euro and


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-39830379)
2. [Bloomberg](https://www.bloomberg.com/politics/articles/2017-05-05/france-votes-an-hour-by-hour-guide-to-the-presidential-election-j2bwgxko)
3. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/story/french-mp-dies-after-collapsing-during-macron-campaign-speech-10865399)
4. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/emmanuel-macron-email-hack-leaks-election-marine-le-pen-russia-media-ordered-not-publish-commission-a7721111.html)

### Related:

1. [French presidential election, 2017: Voters in France return to the polls for a run-off, to elect either Emmanuel Macron or Marine Le Pen as the new President of France.](/news/2017/05/7/french-presidential-election-2017-voters-in-france-return-to-the-polls-for-a-run-off-to-elect-either-emmanuel-macron-or-marine-le-pen-as.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, Marine Le Pen, President of France, last month's presidential election, second round_
2. [French presidential election, 2017: Candidates Marine Le Pen and Emmanuel Macron face off in a debate. ](/news/2017/05/3/french-presidential-election-2017-candidates-marine-le-pen-and-emmanuel-macron-face-off-in-a-debate.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, Marine Le Pen, last month's presidential election_
3. [French presidential election, 2017: France swears in Emmanuel Macron as the 25th President of France. ](/news/2017/05/14/french-presidential-election-2017-france-swears-in-emmanuel-macron-as-the-25th-president-of-france.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, President of France, last month's presidential election_
4. [2017 French presidential election: Voters in France go to the polls to elect a new president; Marine Le Pen and Emmanuel Macron qualify for the second round. ](/news/2017/04/23/2017-french-presidential-election-voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-a-new-president-marine-le-pen-and-emmanuel-macron-qualify-for.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, Marine Le Pen, President of France_
5. [French presidential election, 2017: New polls show Francois Fillon and Jean-Luc Melenchon neck and neck behind the frontrunners Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen ahead of the upcoming first round of the election. ](/news/2017/04/20/french-presidential-election-2017-new-polls-show-franassois-fillon-and-jean-luc-ma-c-lenchon-neck-and-neck-behind-the-frontrunners-emmanuel-m.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, Marine Le Pen, last month's presidential election_
6. [French presidential election, 2017: The closely-watched CEVIPOF poll shows Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen clinging to a narrow lead heading into the first stage of the election, with Le Pen recently becoming embroiled in a spat with the European Commission after refusing to appear on TF1 while there remained a Flag of Europe in the background. ](/news/2017/04/19/french-presidential-election-2017-the-closely-watched-cevipof-poll-shows-emmanuel-macron-and-marine-le-pen-clinging-to-a-narrow-lead-headi.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, Marine Le Pen, last month's presidential election_
7. [French presidential election, 2017: With polls showing a close race with Emmanuel Macron and Jean-Luc Mlenchon, Marine Le Pen of the National Front pledges to temporarily suspend all immigration, "legal and illegal", to France. ](/news/2017/04/18/french-presidential-election-2017-with-polls-showing-a-close-race-with-emmanuel-macron-and-jean-luc-melenchon-marine-le-pen-of-the-nation.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, Marine Le Pen, last month's presidential election_
8. [French legislative election, 2017: Voters in France return to the polls after last month's presidential election for the first round of a legislative election, to begin choosing the 577 members of France's lower house. Opinion polls and exit polls predict that En Marche!, formed by newly elected President Emmanuel Macron, will pick up a majority of seats. ](/news/2017/06/11/french-legislative-election-2017-voters-in-france-return-to-the-polls-after-last-month-s-presidential-election-for-the-first-round-of-a-le.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, last month's presidential election_
9. [French presidential election, 2017: Files purportedly from the campaign of Emmanuel Macron are posted online. Macron campaign officials say the files are a mix of fake and authentic documents and drew parallels with what happened in the 2016 US Presidential elections. ](/news/2017/05/5/french-presidential-election-2017-files-purportedly-from-the-campaign-of-emmanuel-macron-are-posted-online-macron-campaign-officials-say.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, last month's presidential election_
10. [French presidential election, 2017: Far-right candidate Marine Le Pen is accused of plagiarising a speech by Francois Fillon. ](/news/2017/05/2/french-presidential-election-2017-far-right-candidate-marine-le-pen-is-accused-of-plagiarising-a-speech-by-franassois-fillon.md) _Context: Marine Le Pen, last month's presidential election_
