### [2017-05-6](/news/2017/05/6/index.md)

# Hamas, which is seeking to reconcile with rival Palestinian organizations, elects former Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh its new leader, replacing term-limited Khaled Meshaal. Last week, Hamas dropped its longstanding call for Israel's destruction, and severed ties with the Muslim Brotherhood. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-palestinians-hamas-election-idUSKBN1820DV)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains):: Israel strikes an empty office of Palestinian PM Ismail Haniyeh. Two other Hamas operatives are killed in two separate aerial strikes. Israeli defense minister Amir Peretz warns stepping up quality of targets, reiterating the responsibility of Syrian president Bashar Assad for the continued crisis. ](/news/2006/07/2/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-israel-strikes-an-empty-office-of-palestinian-pm-ismail-haniyeh-two-other-hamas-op.md) _Context: Hamas, Ismail Haniyeh, Israel, Prime Minister_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation- with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaz.md) _Context: Hamas, Ismail Haniyeh, Israel_
3. [Hamas Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh calls on the PLO to withdraw its recognition of Israel-s right to exist in response to Israel-s opposition to the reconciliation deal between his movement and Fatah. ](/news/2011/04/29/hamas-prime-minister-ismail-haniyeh-calls-on-the-plo-to-withdraw-its-recognition-of-israel-s-right-to-exist-in-response-to-israel-s-oppo.md) _Context: Hamas, Ismail Haniyeh, Israel_
4. [ 2007 Israel-Gaza conflict:: Hamas militants are considering lighter ceasefire terms offered by Fatah, specifically Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas. They are giving Israel until May 27 to respond to this agreement, that would only end Israeli operations in the Gaza Strip. Hamas has said, however, that they are not completely committed to their offer.: Israeli attack helicopters launch missile strikes on a various facilities, including a security facility near Palestinian Prime Minister Haniyeh's home. At least three people are injured by the air strikes. ](/news/2007/05/26/2007-israel-gaza-conflict-hamas-militants-are-considering-lighter-ceasefire-terms-offered-by-fatah-specifically-palestinian-president-ma.md) _Context: Hamas, Ismail Haniyeh, Prime Minister_
5. [ 2007 Israel-Gaza conflict: The IAF carried out an air strike near the residence of Palestinian Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh. The IDF said that the air strike was not targeting the Prime Minister, and was on a structure used by Hamas, located in the Shati refugee camp. Local residents said that an IAF missile hit a vehicle patrolling Haniyeh's home in Gaza, and that the attack wounded one person. ](/news/2007/05/25/2007-israel-gaza-conflict-the-iaf-carried-out-an-air-strike-near-the-residence-of-palestinian-prime-minister-ismail-haniyeh-the-idf-said.md) _Context: Hamas, Ismail Haniyeh, Prime Minister_
6. [ Israel's defense minister Shaul Mofaz says that the Hamas PNA prime minister-designate, Ismail Haniyeh, may be subject to an Israeli targeted killing if Hamas resumes attacks against Israel. ](/news/2006/03/7/israel-s-defense-minister-shaul-mofaz-says-that-the-hamas-pna-prime-minister-designate-ismail-haniyeh-may-be-subject-to-an-israeli-target.md) _Context: Hamas, Ismail Haniyeh, Israel_
7. [June 2017 Jerusalem attack: In two simultaneous attacks near the Damascus Gate in Jerusalem, an Israeli policewoman is fatally stabbed; the three Palestinian assailants are shot dead. ISIL claims were questioned by Israeli authorities. As well, the PFLP and Hamas claim it was their members who did it. ](/news/2017/06/16/june-2017-jerusalem-attack-in-two-simultaneous-attacks-near-the-damascus-gate-in-jerusalem-an-israeli-policewoman-is-fatally-stabbed-the.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel charges a UN administrative manager of being a Hamas-linked operative from Gaza. ](/news/2016/08/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-charges-a-un-administrative-manager-of-being-a-hamas-linked-operative-from-gaza.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel_
9. [Gaza-Israel conflict: A Palestinian woman is killed and another person is injured in the Gaza Strip by tank fire from Israel. Israel said it responded to mortar rounds and the discovery of another tunnel by Hamas. ](/news/2016/05/5/gaza-israel-conflict-a-palestinian-woman-is-killed-and-another-person-is-injured-in-the-gaza-strip-by-tank-fire-from-israel-israel-said.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israe.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel_
