### [2017-05-6](/news/2017/05/6/index.md)

# Voting begins in territories and diplomatic missions west of Metropolitan France for the second round of the presidential election between Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen. 

France goes to the polls on Sunday for the final round of the presidential election, with Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen vying to be the country’s next head of state. After the candidates from France’s traditional parties were eliminated in the first round, the most dramatic election campaign in the 59-year history of the Fifth Republic comes down to a stark choice between an independent centrist promising a renewal of European alliances and a nationalist who wants to pull out of the euro and


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](https://www.bloomberg.com/politics/articles/2017-05-05/france-votes-an-hour-by-hour-guide-to-the-presidential-election-j2bwgxko)
2. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/emmanuel-macron-email-hack-leaks-election-marine-le-pen-russia-media-ordered-not-publish-commission-a7721111.html)

### Related:

1. [Voters in France return to the polls for a run-off, to elect either Emmanuel Macron or Marine Le Pen as the new President of France. ](/news/2017/05/7/voters-in-france-return-to-the-polls-for-a-run-off-to-elect-either-emmanuel-macron-or-marine-le-pen-as-the-new-president-of-france.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, French presidential election, 2017, Marine Le Pen, President of France, run-off_
2. [Candidates Marine Le Pen and Emmanuel Macron face off in a debate. ](/news/2017/05/3/candidates-marine-le-pen-and-emmanuel-macron-face-off-in-a-debate.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, French presidential election, 2017, Marine Le Pen_
3. [Voters in France go to the polls to elect a new president; Marine Le Pen and Emmanuel Macron qualify for the second round. ](/news/2017/04/23/voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-a-new-president-marine-le-pen-and-emmanuel-macron-qualify-for-the-second-round.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, Marine Le Pen, President of France_
4. [New polls show Francois Fillon and Jean-Luc Melenchon neck and neck behind the frontrunners Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen ahead of the upcoming first round of the election. ](/news/2017/04/20/new-polls-show-franassois-fillon-and-jean-luc-ma-c-lenchon-neck-and-neck-behind-the-frontrunners-emmanuel-macron-and-marine-le-pen-ahead-of-the.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, French presidential election, 2017, Marine Le Pen_
5. [The closely-watched CEVIPOF poll shows Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen clinging to a narrow lead heading into the first stage of the election, with Le Pen recently becoming embroiled in a spat with the European Commission after refusing to appear on TF1 while there remained a Flag of Europe in the background. ](/news/2017/04/19/the-closely-watched-cevipof-poll-shows-emmanuel-macron-and-marine-le-pen-clinging-to-a-narrow-lead-heading-into-the-first-stage-of-the-elect.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, French presidential election, 2017, Marine Le Pen_
6. [With polls showing a close race with Emmanuel Macron and Jean-Luc Mlenchon, Marine Le Pen of the National Front pledges to temporarily suspend all immigration, "legal and illegal", to France. ](/news/2017/04/18/with-polls-showing-a-close-race-with-emmanuel-macron-and-jean-luc-melenchon-marine-le-pen-of-the-national-front-pledges-to-temporarily-susp.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, French presidential election, 2017, Marine Le Pen_
7. [Files purportedly from the campaign of Emmanuel Macron are posted online. Macron campaign officials say the files are a mix of fake and authentic documents. ](/news/2017/05/5/files-purportedly-from-the-campaign-of-emmanuel-macron-are-posted-online-macron-campaign-officials-say-the-files-are-a-mix-of-fake-and-auth.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, French presidential election, 2017_
8. [Far-right candidate Marine Le Pen is accused of plagiarising a speech by Francois Fillon. ](/news/2017/05/2/far-right-candidate-marine-le-pen-is-accused-of-plagiarising-a-speech-by-franassois-fillon.md) _Context: French presidential election, 2017, Marine Le Pen_
9. [Jean-Francois Jalkh, who replaced current presidential finalist Marine Le Pen as leader of the National Front, steps down from this role after three days following the reemergence of his comments questioning the logistics of Holocaust extermination camps, and is replaced by Steeve Briois. ](/news/2017/04/28/jean-franassois-jalkh-who-replaced-current-presidential-finalist-marine-le-pen-as-leader-of-the-national-front-steps-down-from-this-role-af.md) _Context: French presidential election, 2017, Marine Le Pen_
10. [The campaign period officially ends. French citizens living overseas begin voting a day ahead of when the polls open in France. Final opinion polling gives Emmanuel Macron a slight lead over Marine Le Pen. Francois Fillon and Jean-Luc Melenchon are close behind. ](/news/2017/04/22/the-campaign-period-officially-ends-french-citizens-living-overseas-begin-voting-a-day-ahead-of-when-the-polls-open-in-france-final-opinio.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, Marine Le Pen_
