### [2014-09-2](/news/2014/09/2/index.md)

# The impeachment cases against Benigno Aquino III are scrapped by the Philippine Congress, where his party currently holds the majority. 




### Source:

1. [Economic Times](http://m.economictimes.com/news/international/world-news/philippine-house-rejects-president-benigno-aquino-impeachment/articleshow/41518281.cms)

### Related:

1. [Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte accuses the Liberal Party of former president Benigno Aquino III and their allies of orchestrating an impeachment complaint against him regarding his anti-drug campaign. ](/news/2016/09/13/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-accuses-the-liberal-party-of-former-president-benigno-aquino-iii-and-their-allies-of-orchestrating-an-i.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, Impeachment in the Philippines_
2. [The Catholic Bishops Conference of the Philippines says that it will not join growing calls for the impeachment and resignation of Philippines President Benigno Aquino III following the January 25 botched police operation. ](/news/2015/02/4/the-catholic-bishops-conference-of-the-philippines-says-that-it-will-not-join-growing-calls-for-the-impeachment-and-resignation-of-philippin.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, Impeachment in the Philippines_
3. [Moro insurgency in the Philippines:Philippines President Benigno Aquino III submits a bill to the Congress of the Philippines that will give autonomy to Filipino Muslims in Bangsamoro and bring peace to Mindanao.](/news/2014/09/10/moro-insurgency-in-the-philippines-pphilippines-president-benigno-aquino-iii-submits-a-bill-to-the-congress-of-the-philippines-that-will-giv.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, Congress of the Philippines_
4. [Three impeachment complaints against Philippines President Benigno Aquino III are deemed by the Philippine House of Representatives as "sufficient in form", paving the way for possible legal proceedings against him. ](/news/2014/08/26/three-impeachment-complaints-against-philippines-president-benigno-aquino-iii-are-deemed-by-the-philippine-house-of-representatives-as-suff.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, Impeachment in the Philippines_
5. [Two impeachment complaints are filed in the lower house of the Philippine Congress against Supreme Court Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno. ](/news/2017/08/2/two-impeachment-complaints-are-filed-in-the-lower-house-of-the-philippine-congress-against-supreme-court-chief-justice-maria-lourdes-sereno.md) _Context: Impeachment in the Philippines_
6. [History of the Philippines (1898-1946), During the annual State of the Nation Address through the Congress of the Philippines, President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte has outright demanded that the United States return the controversial Balangiga bells, taken during one of the campaigns of the Philippine-American War as spoils of war. Previous attempts to recover the bells have all failed so far. ](/news/2017/07/24/history-of-the-philippines-1898a1946-during-the-annual-state-of-the-nation-address-through-the-congress-of-the-philippines-president-o.md) _Context: Congress of the Philippines_
7. [After seven hours of debate, the joint special session of the Congress of the Philippines votes 261-18 in favour of the motion to extend Proclamation No. 216 (martial law on the whole of Mindanao in response to the Marawi crisis), that was set to expire 10 PM Philippine Standard Time, until the end of the year. ](/news/2017/07/22/after-seven-hours-of-debate-the-joint-special-session-of-the-congress-of-the-philippines-votes-261a18-in-favour-of-the-motion-to-extend-p.md) _Context: Congress of the Philippines_
8. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte plans to appeal to the Congress of the Philippines to extend Proclamation No. 216 (martial law on the whole of Mindanao, which will end on 22 July 10 PM PST) until the end of 2017, due to constitutional constraints as well as the ongoing Marawi crisis. ](/news/2017/07/17/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-plans-to-appeal-to-the-congress-of-the-philippines-to-extend-proclamation-no-216-martial-law.md) _Context: Congress of the Philippines_
9. [Aftermath of the Former President of the Philippines Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III is indicted (among others) by the Office of the Ombudsman for his failure in handling the 2015 Mamasapano clash, which resulted in the deaths of 44 members of the Special Action Forces of the Philippine National Police. Aquino's legal team has vowed to appeal for a motion for reconsideration; as well as the group Volunteers Against Crime and Corruption (representing the victims' families), against what they call a "weak case" (citing Aquino's charges of "graft" & "usurpation of authority", instead of "reckless imprudence resulting in multiple homicide") ](/news/2017/07/14/aftermath-of-the-former-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-noynoy-aquino-iii-is-indicted-among-others-by-the-office-of-the-ombudsman-f.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III_
10. [Philippine vice president Leni Robredo faces an impeachment charge before the House of Representatives for condemning the country's war on drugs at the United Nations. ](/news/2017/05/2/philippine-vice-president-leni-robredo-faces-an-impeachment-charge-before-the-house-of-representatives-for-condemning-the-country-s-war-on-d.md) _Context: Impeachment in the Philippines_
