### [2010-05-13](/news/2010/05/13/index.md)

# A report from Human Rights Watch claims that the Israeli army unlawfully destroyed civilian property in the Gaza War of 2008 and 2009, while the Israeli army asserts they only targeted property used for combat or terrorist activities. 

IDF formulating response to report which claims property was sometimes damaged even without military necessity.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/8680769.stm)
2. [Ha'aretz](http://www.haaretz.com/news/diplomacy-defense/human-rights-watch-idf-wantonly-destroyed-homes-during-gaza-war-1.290188)

### Related:

1. [Germany-Israel relations. Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu cancels a visit with the foreign minister of Germany Sigmar Gabriel after the latter's refusal to cancel a meeting with the Israel Defense Forces veterans NGO Breaking the Silence saying the group "slanders IDF soldiers as war criminals](/news/2017/04/25/germany-israel-relations-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-cancels-a-visit-with-the-foreign-minister-of-germany-sigmar-gabriel.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces_
2. [An Israeli Army tank kills a Palestinian teenager and wounds two others near the Gaza border. ](/news/2017/03/22/an-israeli-army-tank-kills-a-palestinian-teenager-and-wounds-two-others-near-the-gaza-border.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces_
3. [Israeli-Syrian ceasefire line incidents during the Syrian Civil War. March 2017 Israel-Syria incident. The Syrian Army shoots down an Israel Defense Forces (IDF) Skylark drone over Syria's Quneitra Governorate. ](/news/2017/03/20/israeli-syrian-ceasefire-line-incidents-during-the-syrian-civil-war-march-2017-israel-syria-incident-the-syrian-army-shoots-down-an-is.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces_
4. [Israel denies entry to Omar Shakir, a researcher for Human Rights Watch and an American citizen, because the organization engages in so-called Palestinian propaganda. HRW's Sari Bashi said, "This Israeli government has been narrowing the space for democratic activity," by closing the country off to critics. Later, the Israel government would grant Mr. Shakir a tourist visa while considering HRW's appeal on the work visa. ](/news/2017/02/24/israel-denies-entry-to-omar-shakir-a-researcher-for-human-rights-watch-and-an-american-citizen-because-the-organization-engages-in-so-call.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Hebron shooting incident. Following last month's manslaughter conviction, Israeli soldier Elor Azaria is sentenced to 18 months in prison by a military court for, during a violent incident, his deadly shooting of the wounded, unarmed, prone Palestinian Abdel Fattah al-Sharif, who had stabbed a soldier last March in Hebron. ](/news/2017/02/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hebron-shooting-incident-following-last-month-s-manslaughter-conviction-israeli-soldier-elor-azaria-is-sen.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. A rock throwing 19-year old Palestinian is killed by IDF troops amid clashes in the West Bank village of Beit Rima. ](/news/2016/12/18/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-rock-throwing-19-year-old-palestinian-is-killed-by-idf-troops-amid-clashes-in-the-west-bank-village-of-bei.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces_
7. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Human Rights Watch says that Kurdish Regional Government forces have destroyed Arab homes and villages in northern Iraq in what may amount to a war crime. ](/news/2016/11/13/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-human-rights-watch-says-that-kurdish-regional-government-forces-have-destroyed-arab-homes-and-villages-in.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch_
8. [Syrian civil war. Israel-Syria relations. Syria reports its air defense shot down an Israeli warplane that attacked a Syrian army position in al-Quneitra, near the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights. The Israel Defense Forces say that missiles were fired at their aircraft but none hit. ](/news/2016/09/13/syrian-civil-war-israel-syria-relations-syria-reports-its-air-defense-shot-down-an-israeli-warplane-that-attacked-a-syrian-army-position.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces_
9. [Syrian Civil War. Israel-Syria relations. Israel's military attacks two Syrian Army targets in Syrian territory from the Golan Heights after a fire from the fighting damages a security fence on the border. ](/news/2016/07/4/syrian-civil-war-israel-syria-relations-israel-s-military-attacks-two-syrian-army-targets-in-syrian-territory-from-the-golan-heights-aft.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. A 15-year-old Palestinian teen is shot and killed by Israel Defense Forces while traveling in his family's car through an area where stones had been thrown that injured two tourists and an Israeli. The IDF says an official investigation has been opened. Preliminary results indicate Mahmoud Rafat Baderan, the teen who was shot, was not involved in any stone throwing on the highway. ](/news/2016/06/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-15-year-old-palestinian-teen-is-shot-and-killed-by-israel-defense-forces-while-traveling-in-his-family-s-c.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces_
