### [2005-07-4](/news/2005/07/4/index.md)

#  In Israel, president Moshe Katsav states that he is worried about a possible assassination plot against Prime Minister of Israel Ariel Sharon. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.co.uk/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=worldNews&storyID=2005-07-04T211915Z_01_MOL463010_RTRUKOC_0_MIDEAST.xml)
2. [Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1120468322987)

### Related:

1. [Former Prime Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, is buried on his ranch in southern Israel following a state funeral at the Knesset attended by foreign dignitaries and Israelis. ](/news/2014/01/14/former-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-is-buried-on-his-ranch-in-southern-israel-following-a-state-funeral-at-the-knesset-attended-b.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel, prime minister of Israel_
2. [ Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon undergoes emergency surgery due to digestive problems. His condition is critical. ](/news/2006/02/11/israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-undergoes-emergency-surgery-due-to-digestive-problems-his-condition-is-critical.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel, prime minister of Israel_
3. [ Israeli television claims that Police in Tel Aviv found evidence that proves Prime Minister of Israel Ariel Sharon's family took bribes while Sharon was running for the leadership of the Likud Party. An aide dismissed the allegations. ](/news/2006/01/3/israeli-television-claims-that-police-in-tel-aviv-found-evidence-that-proves-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-s-family-took-bribes-whi.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel, prime minister of Israel_
4. [ Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon calls for the expulsion of Iran from the United Nations after the Iranian President repeated Ruhollah Khomeini's call for Israel to be "wiped off the map". ](/news/2005/10/27/israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-calls-for-the-expulsion-of-iran-from-the-united-nations-after-the-iranian-president-repeated-ruhollah-k.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel, prime minister of Israel_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict:  Israel freezes the handover of West Bank Palestinian towns to the Palestinian Authority. Israel claims they will resume the handover process when militant groups are disarmed. The Prime Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, had agreed to hand over five West Bank towns to Palestinian control, but thus far has only handed over Tulkarm and Jericho. ](/news/2005/05/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-israel-freezes-the-handover-of-west-bank-palestinian-towns-to-the-palestinian-authority-israel-claims-they.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel, prime minister of Israel_
6. [ Ariel Sharon, the Prime Minister of Israel, was heckled and booed at a meeting to promote the planned Israeli withdrawal from the Gaza Strip by several U.S. Jews. ](/news/2005/05/22/ariel-sharon-the-prime-minister-of-israel-was-heckled-and-booed-at-a-meeting-to-promote-the-planned-israeli-withdrawal-from-the-gaza-stri.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel, prime minister of Israel_
7. [ U.S. President George W. Bush praises the Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon for his "''courageous initiative''" to pull all Israeli settlements out of the Gaza Strip, however Bush also told Sharon not to expand other existing settlements. The two leaders met in Texas, USA. ](/news/2005/04/11/u-s-president-george-w-bush-praises-the-israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-for-his-courageous-initiative-to-pull-all-israeli-settl.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel, prime minister of Israel_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A truce is declared between Israel and the Palestinian Authority.  Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian Authority, and Ariel Sharon, the Prime Minister of Israel,  shook hands at a four-way summit at Sharm el-Sheikh that was also attended by Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and Jordan's King Abdullah.  Palestinian organization Hamas says it is not bound by the ceasefire.  ](/news/2005/02/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-truce-is-declared-between-israel-and-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palest.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel, prime minister of Israel_
9. [ US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice arrives in Israel to meet with Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas. ](/news/2005/02/6/us-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-arrives-in-israel-to-meet-with-israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-and-palestinian-authority-preside.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel, prime minister of Israel_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: In an interview with Yedioth Ahronoth, Israeli Prime Minister, Ariel Sharon, has said he is "very satisfied" with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas's efforts to restore calm.  Sharon pledged to further peace process efforts with Abbas, with a meeting possible within two weeks. ](/news/2005/01/27/israeli-palestinian-conflict-in-an-interview-with-yedioth-ahronoth-israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-has-said-he-is-very-satisfied.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel, prime minister of Israel_
