### [2003-09-29](/news/2003/09/29/index.md)

#  Elections: Despite the blackout and other damage caused by Hurricane Juan, Prince Edward Islanders go to the polls during the Prince Edward Island general election, 2003, re-electing the Tories under Premier Pat Binns. The Liberals receive four seats.<ref name="cbc.ca"/>




### Related:

1. [ Premier of Prince Edward Island Pat Binns calls a provincial election for September 29. The incumbent Tories, Robert Ghiz's Liberals, and Gary Robichaud's NDP are in the race.url=http://www.cbc.ca/peivotes2003/ - Prince Edward Island Votes 2003 publisher= October 2015](/news/2003/09/2/premier-of-prince-edward-island-pat-binns-calls-a-provincial-election-for-september-29-the-incumbent-tories-robert-ghiz-s-liberals-and-g.md) _Context: Pat Binns, Prince Edward Island general election, 2003_
2. [A power outage plunges the Belgian capital of Brussels into darkness. ](/news/2017/02/9/a-power-outage-plunges-the-belgian-capital-of-brussels-into-darkness.md) _Context: power outage_
3. [U.S. officials are investigating the hacking of election system databases in Illinois and Arizona. The FBI alerted all election officials nationwide about this issue earlier this month. ](/news/2016/08/29/u-s-officials-are-investigating-the-hacking-of-election-system-databases-in-illinois-and-arizona-the-fbi-alerted-all-election-officials-na.md) _Context: election_
4. [A nationwide power outage hits Syria. The Syrian government says shortly before the power outage, militants had hit part of a power-generating station with rockets in the city of Hama, though it hasn't said whether this damage was linked to the nationwide outage. Also, it isn't clear how many people are affected by the power outage as many cities outside of the government's control already weren't being served by the government-run power grid. ](/news/2016/03/3/a-nationwide-power-outage-hits-syria-the-syrian-government-says-shortly-before-the-power-outage-militants-had-hit-part-of-a-power-generati.md) _Context: power outage_
5. [A United Nations rights investigator raises concern whether Myanmar's election, scheduled for November 8, 2015, could be considered free and fair because dozens of candidates have been disqualified and hundreds of thousands of people denied the right to vote. ](/news/2015/10/28/a-united-nations-rights-investigator-raises-concern-whether-myanmar-s-election-scheduled-for-november-8-2015-could-be-considered-free-and.md) _Context: election_
6. [Large parts of Turkey experience a power outage affecting public services and infrastructure including air traffic control, trams, and subways in Istanbul. As much as 65% of the country is without power. ](/news/2015/03/31/large-parts-of-turkey-experience-a-power-outage-affecting-public-services-and-infrastructure-including-air-traffic-control-trams-and-subwa.md) _Context: power outage_
7. [Power returns to Amsterdam after a 5-hour blackout that caused the closure of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol and disrupted public transport networks throughout the Netherlands. ](/news/2015/03/27/power-returns-to-amsterdam-after-a-5-hour-blackout-that-caused-the-closure-of-amsterdam-airport-schiphol-and-disrupted-public-transport-netw.md) _Context: power outage_
8. [A blackout in southern California, Arizona and Baja California in Mexico caused by the loss of the entire San Diego Gas & Electric system leads to the closure of San Onofre Nuclear Generating Station and the loss of power to more than two million people. ](/news/2011/09/8/a-blackout-in-southern-california-arizona-and-baja-california-in-mexico-caused-by-the-loss-of-the-entire-san-diego-gas-electric-system-le.md) _Context: power outage_
9. [Venezuela starts rationing electricity in the wake of nationwide blackouts earlier in the week. ](/news/2011/05/11/venezuela-starts-rationing-electricity-in-the-wake-of-nationwide-blackouts-earlier-in-the-week.md) _Context: power outage_
10. [Blackouts hit most Venezuelan states including the capital Caracas. ](/news/2011/04/7/blackouts-hit-most-venezuelan-states-including-the-capital-caracas.md) _Context: power outage_
