### [2003-09-29](/news/2003/09/29/index.md)

#  Elections: Newfoundland and Labrador premier Roger Grimes calls a general election for October 21. Grimes' Liberals are seeking reelection against the Tories, NDP, and the Labrador Party.




### Related:

1. [ The general election in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador gives the Conservative government of Premier Danny Williams an enlarged majority at the expense of the Liberals. ](/news/2007/10/9/the-general-election-in-the-canadian-province-of-newfoundland-and-labrador-gives-the-conservative-government-of-premier-danny-williams-an-e.md) _Context: Liberals, Newfoundland and Labrador, Progressive Conservative Party_
2. [Voters in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador go to the polls for general election with the Progressive Conservative Party winning its third straight majority and its leader Kathy Dunderdale becoming the first woman elected as Premier of the province. ](/news/2011/10/11/voters-in-the-canadian-province-of-newfoundland-and-labrador-go-to-the-polls-for-general-election-with-the-progressive-conservative-party-wi.md) _Context: Newfoundland and Labrador, Progressive Conservative Party_
3. [U.S. officials are investigating the hacking of election system databases in Illinois and Arizona. The FBI alerted all election officials nationwide about this issue earlier this month. ](/news/2016/08/29/u-s-officials-are-investigating-the-hacking-of-election-system-databases-in-illinois-and-arizona-the-fbi-alerted-all-election-officials-na.md) _Context: election_
4. [A United Nations rights investigator raises concern whether Myanmar's election, scheduled for November 8, 2015, could be considered free and fair because dozens of candidates have been disqualified and hundreds of thousands of people denied the right to vote. ](/news/2015/10/28/a-united-nations-rights-investigator-raises-concern-whether-myanmar-s-election-scheduled-for-november-8-2015-could-be-considered-free-and.md) _Context: election_
5. [In Canada's Newfoundland and Labrador Province, Liberal Party's Yvonne Jones won a by-election to the province's Labrador electoral riding, formerly held by Conservative Party's Peter Penashue. The by-election was widely viewed as a crucial test for new Liberal Party leader Justin Trudeau. ](/news/2013/05/13/in-canada-s-newfoundland-and-labrador-province-liberal-party-s-yvonne-jones-won-a-by-election-to-the-province-s-labrador-electoral-riding.md) _Context: Newfoundland and Labrador_
6. [Hurricane and tropical storm warnings are issued for parts of the Canadian province Newfoundland and Labrador as Tropical Storm Leslie approaches. ](/news/2012/09/10/hurricane-and-tropical-storm-warnings-are-issued-for-parts-of-the-canadian-province-newfoundland-and-labrador-as-tropical-storm-leslie-appro.md) _Context: Newfoundland and Labrador_
7. [Hurricane Maria hits the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador as a Category&nbsp;1 hurricane. ](/news/2011/09/16/hurricane-maria-hits-the-canadian-province-of-newfoundland-and-labrador-as-a-category-nbsp-1-hurricane.md) _Context: Newfoundland and Labrador_
8. [Hurricane Maria passes Bermuda on its way to Newfoundland off the coast of Canada. ](/news/2011/09/15/hurricane-maria-passes-bermuda-on-its-way-to-newfoundland-off-the-coast-of-canada.md) _Context: Newfoundland and Labrador_
9. [The chief rabbi of a West Bank settlement declares that women should be prohibited from standing in a local community election. ](/news/2010/05/26/the-chief-rabbi-of-a-west-bank-settlement-declares-that-women-should-be-prohibited-from-standing-in-a-local-community-election.md) _Context: election_
10. [ Pakistan's Supreme Court will allow former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif to stand for election. ](/news/2009/05/26/pakistan-s-supreme-court-will-allow-former-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-to-stand-for-election.md) _Context: election_
