### [2003-09-29](/news/2003/09/29/index.md)

#  International relations: European Union increases pressure on Tehran to cooperate with international nuclear weapons inspectors. Britain states Iran must declare ""unequivocally"" that it harbours no ambitions to develop nuclear arms. European Union, in a draft joint statement, warns of economic fallout if Tehran does not make progress on key areas including non-proliferation, fighting terrorism, human rights and the Middle East peace process.




### Related:

1. [ United States-Iran relations continue to deteriorate after US officials called Iran one of the world's most active sponsors of terrorism, as IAEA reveals that Tehran has successfully enriched uranium and is racing ahead with its nuclear programme. Iran says it does not "give a damn" about the verdict from the IAEA director Mohamed ElBaradei and what it might lead to. ](/news/2006/04/29/united-states-iran-relations-continue-to-deteriorate-after-us-officials-called-iran-one-of-the-world-s-most-active-sponsors-of-terrorism-a.md) _Context: Iran, Tehran, terrorism_
2. [ The United States Senate Armed Services Committee votes to lift a 10-year-old ban on the research and development of low-yield nuclear weapons as part of its 2004 defense-spending bill. The majority of the committee and the Bush administration argue that such weapons may in the future become necessary to deal with terrorist threats, and to effectively incinerate biological or chemical weapons installations. The move is criticized by Democrats who fear that it will increase the risks of nuclear proliferation and nuclear escalation in warfare.,](/news/2003/05/9/the-united-states-senate-armed-services-committee-votes-to-lift-a-10-year-old-ban-on-the-research-and-development-of-low-yield-nuclear-weap.md) _Context: nuclear programme, proliferation, terrorism_
3. [The 17-story Plasco Building collapses after a blaze in Tehran, Iran. The building was evacuated but 30 firefighters have been killed in the collapse. ](/news/2017/01/19/the-17-story-plasco-building-collapses-after-a-blaze-in-tehran-iran-the-building-was-evacuated-but-30-firefighters-have-been-killed-in-the.md) _Context: Iran, Tehran_
4. [As many as 412 people have died in the last 23 days due to smog in Tehran, according to Iran's Health Ministry. All schools in the city have also been ordered to close as part of emergency measures. ](/news/2016/11/16/as-many-as-412-people-have-died-in-the-last-23-days-due-to-smog-in-tehran-according-to-iran-s-health-ministry-all-schools-in-the-city-have.md) _Context: Iran, Tehran_
5. [Saudi Arabia breaks off diplomatic relations with Iran after Sheikh Nimr's execution and an attack on the Saudi embassy in Tehran. ](/news/2016/01/3/saudi-arabia-breaks-off-diplomatic-relations-with-iran-after-sheikh-nimr-s-execution-and-an-attack-on-the-saudi-embassy-in-tehran.md) _Context: Iran, Tehran_
6. [Pakistani prime minister Nawaz Sharif and army chief General Raheel Sharif will visit Riyadh on Monday and Tehran on Tuesday to launch mediation efforts between Iran and Saudi Arabia for normalization of relations and to ease the tensions in the region after Saudi Arabia executed a prominent Shia cleric Sheikh Nimr and an attack on the Saudi Embassy in Tehran. ](/news/2016/01/17/pakistani-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-and-army-chief-general-raheel-sharif-will-visit-riyadh-on-monday-and-tehran-on-tuesday-to-launch-media.md) _Context: Iran, Tehran_
7. [The 53 Americans taken hostage in Tehran, Iran, in 1979, or their families, will receive compensation of $4.4 million each from the United States government as a result of a provision in the spending deal signed into law last week. ](/news/2015/12/24/the-53-americans-taken-hostage-in-tehran-iran-in-1979-or-their-families-will-receive-compensation-of-4-4-million-each-from-the-united-s.md) _Context: Iran, Tehran_
8. [Iranian Students News Agency reports an undisclosed verdict has been reached in the espionage case of "Washington Post" reporter Jason Rezaian, who has been held by Iran for more than 14 months. The final closed door hearing on Rezaian's case was on August 10, 2015. By not disclosing details, the Post stated that it seems Tehran could be working a political angle. Last month at the UN, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani told journalists he would welcome quicker steps on mutual prisoner releases. ](/news/2015/10/11/iranian-students-news-agency-reports-an-undisclosed-verdict-has-been-reached-in-the-espionage-case-of-washington-post-reporter-jason-rezai.md) _Context: Iran, Tehran_
9. [Heavy rain triggers flash floods killing 10 people in Tehran and southern Iran, with eight others missing. ](/news/2015/09/19/heavy-rain-triggers-flash-floods-killing-10-people-in-tehran-and-southern-iran-with-eight-others-missing.md) _Context: Iran, Tehran_
10. [Iran's IRNA reports that a plane with 40 passengers has crashed at Tehran's Mehrabad Airport. ](/news/2014/08/10/iran-s-irna-reports-that-a-plane-with-40-passengers-has-crashed-at-tehran-s-mehrabad-airport.md) _Context: Iran, Tehran_
