### [2003-09-29](/news/2003/09/29/index.md)

#  Nuclear weapons: Iranian official confirm traces of highly enriched uranium found in the country at the Kalaye Electric Company near Tehran (this was the second time such a discovery was made by United Nations inspectors). Iran's ambassador to the International Atomic Energy Agency, Ali Akbar Salehi, attributes the find to the contamination of imported equipment on state television. Iranians have allegedly used Kalaye Electric Company to test centrifuges used to make highly enriched uranium that can be used to make atomic bombs.




### Related:

1. [ International Atomic Energy Agency: Iranian officials give signals that they do not intend to comply with a resolution passed by the United Nations's nuclear watchdog giving Tehran until the end of next month to come clean on its atomic programme. Parliamentary speaker Mehdi Karrubi, a close ally of President Mohammad Khatami, said the IAEA resolution was "political" and that "the Iranian people will not accept giving in to the logic of force."](/news/2003/09/18/international-atomic-energy-agency-iranian-officials-give-signals-that-they-do-not-intend-to-comply-with-a-resolution-passed-by-the-united.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, Tehran, United Nations_
2. [ The Arab League submits a draft resolution to the annual General Conference of the International Atomic Energy Agency which calls on Israel to sign the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty and to open up its nuclear program to inspections by the United Nations. Israel's nuclear weapons program is believed have developed 100 to 200 nuclear warheads, but officially maintains a policy of "nuclear ambiguity" with support from the United States. The move by Arab nations comes in response to a Friday IAEA resolution submitted by Australia, Canada and Japan and lobbied for by the United States which asked Iran for "accelerated cooperation" and set an October 31 deadline for the country to disclose any attempts to acquire nuclear weapons.](/news/2003/09/17/the-arab-league-submits-a-draft-resolution-to-the-annual-general-conference-of-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-which-calls-on-israel.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, United Nations, nuclear weapon_
3. [Russia's envoy to the International Atomic Energy Agency says he expects the historic nuclear deal between Iran and world powers, the P5+1, to be implemented in January. Before the end of the year, Iran will exchange its stockpile of low-enriched uranium for Russia's non-enriched forms of uranium, he said. ](/news/2015/12/7/russia-s-envoy-to-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-says-he-expects-the-historic-nuclear-deal-between-iran-and-world-powers-the-p5-1.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, uranium_
4. [Iranian Students News Agency reports an undisclosed verdict has been reached in the espionage case of "Washington Post" reporter Jason Rezaian, who has been held by Iran for more than 14 months. The final closed door hearing on Rezaian's case was on August 10, 2015. By not disclosing details, the Post stated that it seems Tehran could be working a political angle. Last month at the UN, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani told journalists he would welcome quicker steps on mutual prisoner releases. ](/news/2015/10/11/iranian-students-news-agency-reports-an-undisclosed-verdict-has-been-reached-in-the-espionage-case-of-washington-post-reporter-jason-rezai.md) _Context: Iran, Tehran, United Nations_
5. [International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) director general Yukiya Amano begins talks in Tehran aimed at convincing the Iranian government to co-operate with the agency. ](/news/2012/05/21/international-atomic-energy-agency-iaea-director-general-yukiya-amano-begins-talks-in-tehran-aimed-at-convincing-the-iranian-government-to.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, Tehran_
6. [International Atomic Energy Agency nuclear inspectors arrive in Tehran to hold discussions about Iran's nuclear program. ](/news/2012/02/20/international-atomic-energy-agency-nuclear-inspectors-arrive-in-tehran-to-hold-discussions-about-iran-s-nuclear-program.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, Tehran_
7. [Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs Manouchehr Mottaki meets the head of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) in Vienna and says Iran remains interested in a nuclear fuel swap drafted by the United Nations. ](/news/2010/04/25/iranian-minister-for-foreign-affairs-manouchehr-mottaki-meets-the-head-of-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-iaea-in-vienna-and-says-i.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, United Nations_
8. [ Inspectors from the United Nations' nuclear watchdog, the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), arrive in Iran to inspect a newly disclosed nuclear facility near the city of Qom. ](/news/2009/10/25/inspectors-from-the-united-nations-nuclear-watchdog-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-iaea-arrive-in-iran-to-inspect-a-newly-disc.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, United Nations_
9. [ The International Atomic Energy Agency propose draft agreement for Iran and three world powers to agree, aimed at reducing international concerns over Tehran's nuclear programme. ](/news/2009/10/21/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-propose-draft-agreement-for-iran-and-three-world-powers-to-agree-aimed-at-reducing-international-co.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, Tehran_
10. [ Iran will have enough enriched uranium to make a single nuclear weapon later this year, the International Institute for Strategic Studies predicts. ](/news/2009/01/27/iran-will-have-enough-enriched-uranium-to-make-a-single-nuclear-weapon-later-this-year-the-international-institute-for-strategic-studies-p.md) _Context: Iran, nuclear weapon, uranium_
