### [2003-09-29](/news/2003/09/29/index.md)

#  Occupation of Iraq: Iraqi security forces and United States military police in Tikrit launch a hunt for guerrillas behind a series of deadly attacks on coalition troops&mdash;the largest-ever joint military operation to date. During the raids, dozens of soldiers from the United States Army's 720th Military Police Battalion backed up over 200 Iraqi police. The raids netted 92 people and weapons that included Kalashnikov rifles, mortars, firing tubes, 155&nbsp;mm artillery shells and rocket launchers.




### Related:

1. [ Conflict in Iraq: Guerrillas in Baquba detonate a car bomb outside an Iraqi police headquarters, killing 15 and wounding 17. A suicide bomber in Mosul kills 12 policemen and injures 4 others. In another area of the city, guerrillas fire a dozen mortar rounds at a police station, killing 3 civilians. ](/news/2005/02/8/conflict-in-iraq-guerrillas-in-baquba-detonate-a-car-bomb-outside-an-iraqi-police-headquarters-killing-15-and-wounding-17-a-suicide-bomb.md) _Context: Iraq, Mortar, guerillas_
2. [ A 145&nbsp;mm artillery shell is used as an improvised bomb on a road against US troops in Iraq. The shell explodes and two soldiers receive mild exposure to a nerve agent. ](/news/2004/05/15/a-145-nbsp-mm-artillery-shell-is-used-as-an-improvised-bomb-on-a-road-against-us-troops-in-iraq-the-shell-explodes-and-two-soldiers-receiv.md) _Context: Iraq, aerial shells, ordnance_
3. [ "Occupation of Iraq": Iraq's former defense minister, Sultan Hashim Ahmed, surrenders to Coalition troops. He was seen at Saddam Hussein's side in what is thought to have been the ousted dictator's last public appearance as Baghdad fell. He is number 27 on the most-wanted list of former top officials under Saddam Hussein (also eight of hearts). The ex-minister surrendered at a house in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul and was being taken to Baghdad.](/news/2003/09/19/occupation-of-iraq-iraq-s-former-defense-minister-sultan-hashim-ahmed-surrenders-to-coalition-troops-he-was-seen-at-saddam-hussein-s.md) _Context: Iraq, Occupation of Iraq, coalition_
4. [Suicide bombers strike in the cities of Tikrit and Samarra in Iraq, killing at least 21. ](/news/2016/11/6/suicide-bombers-strike-in-the-cities-of-tikrit-and-samarra-in-iraq-killing-at-least-21.md) _Context: Iraq, Tikrit_
5. [A triple suicide bomb attack north of Tikrit kills at least 11 and injures another 34 members of Iraqi security forces. ](/news/2016/09/24/a-triple-suicide-bomb-attack-north-of-tikrit-kills-at-least-11-and-injures-another-34-members-of-iraqi-security-forces.md) _Context: Iraqi security forces, Tikrit_
6. [Iraqi engineers warn that the Mosul Dam could collapse at anytime, resulting in a catastrophic flash flood that could kill up to one million people along the Tigris, with the major Iraqi cites of Mosul, Tikrit, Samarra and Baghdad all at risk. The U.S. embassy in Baghdad has urged American citizens to leave the area. ](/news/2016/03/2/iraqi-engineers-warn-that-the-mosul-dam-could-collapse-at-anytime-resulting-in-a-catastrophic-flash-flood-that-could-kill-up-to-one-million.md) _Context: Iraq, Tikrit_
7. [The United States Army's elite Delta Force captures their first suspected ISIL operative during a raid in northern Iraq. The detainee is being interrogated by the U.S. and is expected to be turned over to Iraqi officials in the coming days. ](/news/2016/03/1/the-united-states-army-s-elite-delta-force-captures-their-first-suspected-isil-operative-during-a-raid-in-northern-iraq-the-detainee-is-bei.md) _Context: Iraq, U.S. soldiers_
8. [Islamic State militants counter-attack in Iraq's Saladin province and seize locations west, north and south of Baiji, home to Iraq's largest oil refinery. In addition, the militants attack oilfields west of Tikrit, capture parts of the town of Seiniyah, portions of Mak'houl Mountain, and an abandoned fertilizer plant. ](/news/2015/11/22/islamic-state-militants-counter-attack-in-iraq-s-saladin-province-and-seize-locations-west-north-and-south-of-baiji-home-to-iraq-s-largest.md) _Context: Iraq, Tikrit_
9. [Iraqi police officials say at least 35 people have been killed following a mortar bombardment of villages near the eastern city of Baqubah, capital of the Diyala Governorate. Officials did not speculate on who may be responsible for the attack, however the Islamic State group has claimed responsibility for several recent attacks in the volatile province. ](/news/2015/10/9/iraqi-police-officials-say-at-least-35-people-have-been-killed-following-a-mortar-bombardment-of-villages-near-the-eastern-city-of-baqubah.md) _Context: Iraq, Mortar_
10. [46 Indian nurses held hostage by the ISIS for almost a month in Tikrit, Iraq, arrive at Cochin airport, Kochi, India. ](/news/2014/07/5/46-indian-nurses-held-hostage-by-the-isis-for-almost-a-month-in-tikrit-iraq-arrive-at-cochin-airport-kochi-india.md) _Context: Iraq, Tikrit_
