### [2003-09-29](/news/2003/09/29/index.md)

#  Terrorism: Pakistan dismisses and condemns al-Qaida terrorist network threat against President Pervez Musharraf, saying the war against terrorism will continue. Pakistan Foreign Ministry spokesman Masood Khan states (in Islamabad) Pakistan will not be deterred by such threats. The identity of the speaker on the audio tape or the authenticity of the tape has not been verified. The message was attributed to al-Qaida's second-ranking leader, Ayman al-Zawahri, and was aired on Al Jazeera and Al-Arabiya.




### Related:

1. [ Terrorism: On the eve of the second anniversary of the September 11 terrorist attacks, the Arabic-language television channel Al Jazeera airs a videotape, purportedly from Osama bin Laden. The videotape shows two men, including one meant to be bin Laden, walking down an (unidentified) rocky hillside. Al Jazeera said the other man seen on the tape, carrying an automatic rifle, was Ayman al-Zawahri, the Egyptian physician who merged his Islamic Jihad organization with Al Qaeda. The tape was claimed to have been made in late April or early May. An accompanying audiotape, attributed to the deputy, Ayman al-Zawahri, called on Iraqis to "bury" American troops in Iraq.](/news/2003/09/10/terrorism-on-the-eve-of-the-second-anniversary-of-the-september-11-terrorist-attacks-the-arabic-language-television-channel-al-jazeera-ai.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Ayman al-Zawahri, terrorism_
2. [ War on Terrorism: Suspected al-Qaida terrorist Yassir al-Jaziri, is arrested in eastern Pakistan. He is believed to be among the leading al-Qaida members wanted by the United States.](/news/2003/03/15/war-on-terrorism-suspected-al-qaida-terrorist-yassir-al-jaziri-is-arrested-in-eastern-pakistan-he-is-believed-to-be-among-the-leading-al.md) _Context: Al Qaida's, War on Terrorism, terrorism_
3. [Former President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf survives an assassination attempt in Islamabad, Pakistan. There are no reports of injuries. ](/news/2014/04/3/former-president-of-pakistan-pervez-musharraf-survives-an-assassination-attempt-in-islamabad-pakistan-there-are-no-reports-of-injuries.md) _Context: Islamabad, Pervez Musharraf_
4. [Chaudhry Zulfiqar Ali, a prosecutor with Pakistan's Federal Investigation Agency leading the prosecution of former President Pervez Musharraf over alleged involvement in the assassination of Benazir Bhutto, is shot dead on the way to court in Islamabad. ](/news/2013/05/3/chaudhry-zulfiqar-ali-a-prosecutor-with-pakistan-s-federal-investigation-agency-leading-the-prosecution-of-former-president-pervez-musharra.md) _Context: Islamabad, Pervez Musharraf_
5. [The Reserve Bank of India permits Indian investments to and from Pakistan. India's minister of external affairs SM Krishna arrives in Pakistan for a meeting on Saturday in Islamabad with his Pakistani counterpart Hina Rabbani Khar. ](/news/2012/09/7/the-reserve-bank-of-india-permits-indian-investments-to-and-from-pakistan-india-s-minister-of-external-affairs-sm-krishna-arrives-in-pakist.md) _Context: Islamabad, foreign ministry_
6. [The Government of Pakistan summons the British High Commissioner to Islamabad for a "dressing down" by Foreign Minister Shah Mehmood Qureshi over remarks made by the British Prime Minister David Cameron on Pakistan "looking both ways" on terrorism. ](/news/2010/08/2/the-government-of-pakistan-summons-the-british-high-commissioner-to-islamabad-for-a-dressing-down-by-foreign-minister-shah-mehmood-qureshi.md) _Context: Islamabad, terrorism_
7. [ Pakistani lawyers hold a protest rally in Islamabad to demand the reinstatement of judges sacked by the President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf. ](/news/2008/06/13/pakistani-lawyers-hold-a-protest-rally-in-islamabad-to-demand-the-reinstatement-of-judges-sacked-by-the-president-of-pakistan-pervez-mushar.md) _Context: Islamabad, Pervez Musharraf_
8. [ The United States Department of State's annual report on terrorism states that al-Qaeda "has reconstituted some of its pre-9/11 operational capabilities" in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan. ](/news/2008/04/30/the-united-states-department-of-state-s-annual-report-on-terrorism-states-that-al-qaeda-has-reconstituted-some-of-its-pre-9-11-operational.md) _Context: War on Terrorism, terrorism_
9. [ Pervez Musharraf is sworn in as the President of Pakistan for a second term, this time as a civilian. [http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2007/11/29/2105577.htm (ABC News Australia)] President George W. Bush welcomes Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf, urges him to lift emergency rule.date=December 2007 Musharraf announces the 2007 Pakistani state of emergency will be lifted on 2007-12-16. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7119416.stm (BBC)] Restrictions on Pakistani TV channels are challenged in the Supreme Court of Pakistan.date=December 2007 ](/news/2007/11/29/pervez-musharraf-is-sworn-in-as-the-president-of-pakistan-for-a-second-term-this-time-as-a-civilian-http-www-abc-net-au-news-stories-2.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf, President_
10. [ 35 leaders of Pakistan's All Parties Democratic Movement (APDM) arrested on charges of disrupting public order to prevent agitation against Pervez Musharraf in Islamabad, Pakistan ](/news/2007/09/22/35-leaders-of-pakistan-s-all-parties-democratic-movement-apdm-arrested-on-charges-of-disrupting-public-order-to-prevent-agitation-against.md) _Context: Islamabad, Pervez Musharraf_
