### [2016-02-21](/news/2016/02/21/index.md)

# A Hindu priest is hacked to death and two devotees, who tried to intercede, are wounded in a temple in the Panchagarh District in northern Bangladesh. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. 

The so-called Islamic State group says it is responsible for decapitating a senior Hindu priest and wounding two worshippers in northern Bangladesh.


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/637285474fa9428dae76f3ebb55cc37b/hindu-priest-killed-2-devotees-injured-bangladesh)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-35626237)

### Related:

1. [2016 Gulshan attack. Gunmen storm a restaurant, exchange fire with security, and take at least twenty hostages in the Gulshan neighborhood of Dhaka, Bangladesh. Two policemen are killed. The Islamic State claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/07/1/2016-gulshan-attack-gunmen-storm-a-restaurant-exchange-fire-with-security-and-take-at-least-twenty-hostages-in-the-gulshan-neighborhood-o.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
2. [ Attacks on secularists in Bangladesh. A homeopathic doctor is hacked to death in Bangladesh. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claim responsibility. ](/news/2016/05/21/attacks-on-secularists-in-bangladesh-a-homeopathic-doctor-is-hacked-to-death-in-bangladesh-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-claim.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
3. [Attacks on secularists in Bangladesh. Xulhaz Mannan, a Bangladeshi employee of a U.S. charity (USAID), who is also an editor for the country's only LGBT magazine, and a friend are hacked to death in Dhaka, Bangladesh, by suspected Islamist militants. Guards at the building were also injured. ](/news/2016/04/25/attacks-on-secularists-in-bangladesh-xulhaz-mannan-a-bangladeshi-employee-of-a-u-s-charity-usaid-who-is-also-an-editor-for-the-country.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
4. [Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ISIL claims responsibility for the killing of a 65-year-old Japanese citizen in Bangladesh. This attack comes after the recent murder of an Italian, Cesare Tavella, in Bangladesh, which was also claimed by ISIL. ](/news/2015/10/3/islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-isil-claims-responsibility-for-the-killing-of-a-65-year-old-japanese-citizen-in-bangladesh-this-attac.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ISIL claims responsibility for the killing of an Italian man in Dhaka. If verified, it would be Islamic State's first attack in Bangladesh. ](/news/2015/09/28/islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-isil-claims-responsibility-for-the-killing-of-an-italian-man-in-dhaka-if-verified-it-would-be-islami.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [Iraqi Civil War. Tal Afar offensive (2017). Iraqi security forces, along with Shi'ite volunteers and Kurdish Peshmerga fighters, launch a ground offensive to take the city of Tal Afar back from Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. The city has been isolated from the rest of the ISIL-held territory since the recent Mosul liberation. ](/news/2017/08/20/iraqi-civil-war-tal-afar-offensive-2017-iraqi-security-forces-along-with-shi-ite-volunteers-and-kurdish-peshmerga-fighters-launch-a-gr.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon. The Lebanese Armed Forces launches operation "Fajr al-Joroud", and on the first day recaptures 30 km of territory near the Lebanon-Syria border formerly occupied by ISIS militants. Twenty ISIS militants were killed and 10 Lebanese soldiers were wounded. ](/news/2017/08/19/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-the-lebanese-armed-forces-launches-operation-fajr-al-joroud-and-on-the-first-day-recaptures-30-km.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [August 2017 Nepal and India floods. Flooding in South Asia has displaced tens of thousands of people and resulted in an estimated 500 deaths across India, Bangladesh, and Nepal. ](/news/2017/08/18/august-2017-nepal-and-india-floods-flooding-in-south-asia-has-displaced-tens-of-thousands-of-people-and-resulted-in-an-estimated-500-deaths.md) _Context: Bangladesh_
9. [2017 Barcelona attack. A van drives into crowds of people in La Rambla, Barcelona, in what Spanish police are calling a terrorist attack, killing at least 12 people. Two suspects are taken into custody, and ISIL claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/08/17/2017-barcelona-attack-a-van-drives-into-crowds-of-people-in-la-rambla-barcelona-in-what-spanish-police-are-calling-a-terrorist-attack-ki.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [Syrian Civil War. ISIL forces raid an Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps base in vast desert spaces of eastern Homs Governorate, Syria, manned by between 12 to 18 fighters, all but one of which are killed. ](/news/2017/08/11/syrian-civil-war-isil-forces-raid-an-iranian-islamic-revolutionary-guard-corps-base-in-vast-desert-spaces-of-eastern-homs-governorate-syri.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
