### [2016-02-21](/news/2016/02/21/index.md)

# Australia issues a security alert, warning that terrorists may be planning attacks in and around the Malaysian capital Kuala Lumpur. It also recommended that Australians avoid travel to the coastal region of eastern Sabah, where the beaches and islands are popular with foreign tourists. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters via ''Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/reuters/article-3457392/Australia-issues-security-alert-Kuala-Lumpur.html)

### Related:

1. [Malaysia detains Australian Senator Nick Xenophon who was visiting as part of a delegation to discuss forthcoming elections and seeks to deport him for taking part in a protest in Kuala Lumpur last year. ](/news/2013/02/16/malaysia-detains-australian-senator-nick-xenophon-who-was-visiting-as-part-of-a-delegation-to-discuss-forthcoming-elections-and-seeks-to-dep.md) _Context: Australia, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia_
2. [Australia and Malaysia sign a pact to exchange asylum seekers in Kuala Lumpur. ](/news/2011/07/25/australia-and-malaysia-sign-a-pact-to-exchange-asylum-seekers-in-kuala-lumpur.md) _Context: Australia, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia_
3. [Tens of thousands of people protest in the Malaysian capital Kuala Lumpur, calling for Prime Minister Najib Razak to step down amid an ongoing corruption scandal involving 1Malaysia Development Berhad. ](/news/2016/11/19/tens-of-thousands-of-people-protest-in-the-malaysian-capital-kuala-lumpur-calling-for-prime-minister-najib-razak-to-step-down-amid-an-ongoi.md) _Context: Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia_
4. [Malaysia confirms it has suffered its first bombing by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant during the previous week raising fears about the spread of influence of the militant group. ](/news/2016/07/4/malaysia-confirms-it-has-suffered-its-first-bombing-by-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-during-the-previous-week-raising-fears-about.md) _Context: Malaysia, Terrorism in Malaysia_
5. [Philippine officials report four Indonesian sailors were kidnapped last night off the Philippines' southernmost town of Sitangkai, Tawi-Tawi, near Malaysia's Sabah state. Seven gunmen in a blue speedboat attacked two Indonesian-flagged tugboats. Six other sailors, including one who was shot, were not taken by ISIL-linked Abu Sayyaf militants. ](/news/2016/04/16/philippine-officials-report-four-indonesian-sailors-were-kidnapped-last-night-off-the-philippines-southernmost-town-of-sitangkai-tawi-tawi.md) _Context: Malaysia, Sabah_
6. [Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak condemns the Philippine-based Abu Sayyaf's beheading of a Malaysian man. Businessman Bernard Then and a woman were kidnapped in May from the Malaysia-island Sabah; the woman was released last week. Philippine Colonel Restituto Padilla said the killing followed a "failure of the negotiations about money." ](/news/2015/11/18/malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-condemns-the-philippine-based-abu-sayyaf-s-beheading-of-a-malaysian-man-businessman-bernard-then-and-a.md) _Context: Malaysia, Sabah_
7. [Myanmar tops the 2015 Charities Aid Foundation's World Giving Index which measures each country's charitable behavior. Individuals indicate whether they have donated money, volunteered, or helped a stranger in the past month. The United States, which tied with Myanmar last year, is second, followed by New Zealand, Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Sri Lanka, Ireland, and Malaysia. ](/news/2015/11/10/myanmar-tops-the-2015-charities-aid-foundation-s-world-giving-index-which-measures-each-country-s-charitable-behavior-individuals-indicate.md) _Context: Australia, Malaysia_
8. [Tens of thousands of Malaysians rally in the capital Kuala Lumpur calling for Prime Minister Najib Razak to step down over a financial scandal where a MYR 2.672 billion (USD 700 million) payment was made to his bank account from unnamed foreign donors. ](/news/2015/08/29/tens-of-thousands-of-malaysians-rally-in-the-capital-kuala-lumpur-calling-for-prime-minister-najib-razak-to-step-down-over-a-financial-scand.md) _Context: Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia_
9. [Two bodies have been removed from Borneo's Mount Kinabalu following the 6.1 magnitude earthquake that hit Malaysia's Sabah province Friday morning. Previously-stranded climbers, reported at 137, have descended to the Laban Rata resthouse. ](/news/2015/06/5/two-bodies-have-been-removed-from-borneo-s-mount-kinabalu-following-the-6-1-magnitude-earthquake-that-hit-malaysia-s-sabah-province-friday-m.md) _Context: Malaysia, Sabah_
10. [The foreign ministers of Indonesia, Malaysia and Thailand meet in Kuala Lumpur to discuss people smuggling and the migrant crisis. Malaysia and Indonesia agree to accept asylum seekers providing that they can be resettled or repatriated within a year. ](/news/2015/05/20/the-foreign-ministers-of-indonesia-malaysia-and-thailand-meet-in-kuala-lumpur-to-discuss-people-smuggling-and-the-migrant-crisis-malaysia.md) _Context: Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia_
