### [2016-02-21](/news/2016/02/21/index.md)

# In what is seen as a major boost for the "Vote Leave" campaign, Mayor of London Boris Johnson announces he will be campaigning for the United Kingdom to leave the European Union. 

The London Mayor says he did not want to go against David Cameron but after &quot;a great deal of heartache&quot; felt he had no choice.


### Source:

1. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/story/1645982/boris-johnson-backs-campaign-to-leave-eu)

### Related:

1. [The United Kingdom votes, 52% to 48%, to leave the European Union. Prime Minister David Cameron, who called the referendum three years ago, announces his resignation indicating he will leave office by October. ](/news/2016/06/24/the-united-kingdom-votes-52-to-48-to-leave-the-european-union-prime-minister-david-cameron-who-called-the-referendum-three-years-ago.md) _Context: European Union, European Union membership referendum, United Kingdom_
2. [Voters in the United Kingdom go to the polls to vote in a referendum on whether the UK should leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/23/voters-in-the-united-kingdom-go-to-the-polls-to-vote-in-a-referendum-on-whether-the-uk-should-leave-the-european-union.md) _Context: European Union, European Union membership referendum, United Kingdom_
3. [Mayor of London and cabinet member Boris Johnson says that U.S. President Barack Obama is "inconsistent and hypocritical" in persuading the British people to remain in the European Union. ](/news/2016/04/22/mayor-of-london-and-cabinet-member-boris-johnson-says-that-u-s-president-barack-obama-is-inconsistent-and-hypocritical-in-persuading-the.md) _Context: Boris Johnson, European Union, London Mayor_
4. [The United Kingdom formally notifies the European Council of its intention to withdraw from the European Union and the European Atomic Energy Community. There is not yet agreement on a negotiations roadmap. ](/news/2017/03/29/the-united-kingdom-formally-notifies-the-european-council-of-its-intention-to-withdraw-from-the-european-union-and-the-european-atomic-energ.md) _Context: European Union, United Kingdom_
5. [Georgia's visa-free regime, which allows travel to most member states of the European Union, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom, enters into force. ](/news/2017/03/28/georgia-s-visa-free-regime-which-allows-travel-to-most-member-states-of-the-european-union-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-ki.md) _Context: European Union, United Kingdom_
6. [British Prime Minister Theresa May signs a letter invoking Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union. Its notification to the European Council tomorrow will formally begin the UK's withdrawal from the European Union. ](/news/2017/03/28/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-signs-a-letter-invoking-article-50-of-the-treaty-on-european-union-its-notification-to-the-european-coun.md) _Context: European Union, United Kingdom_
7. [The European Union formally grants Georgian citizens visa-free travel to its member states, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom. The signed documents will be published on March 8, and officially enter into force on March 28. ](/news/2017/03/1/the-european-union-formally-grants-georgian-citizens-visa-free-travel-to-its-member-states-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-kin.md) _Context: European Union, United Kingdom_
8. [British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, during a visit to the Gambia, announces that the West African nation is to rejoin the Commonwealth of Nations following talks with Gambian President Adama Barrow. The Gambia withdrew from the Commonwealth in 2013 under Yahya Jammeh, who considered it a "neo-colonial institution". ](/news/2017/02/14/british-foreign-secretary-boris-johnson-during-a-visit-to-the-gambia-announces-that-the-west-african-nation-is-to-rejoin-the-commonwealth.md) _Context: Boris Johnson, United Kingdom_
9. [Pakistani Chief of Air Staff Sohail Aman warns India not to escalate tensions in the disputed territory of Kashmir under the threat of a full-scale war. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson urges both sides to restrain themselves while on a diplomatic mission to Islamabad. ](/news/2016/11/24/pakistani-chief-of-air-staff-sohail-aman-warns-india-not-to-escalate-tensions-in-the-disputed-territory-of-kashmir-under-the-threat-of-a-ful.md) _Context: Boris Johnson, United Kingdom_
10. [Theresa May, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, announces March 2017 as the deadline for triggering Article 50 and says that her government will introduce a "Great Repeal Bill" that will repeal the European Communities Act 1972 once the United Kingdom leaves the European Union. ](/news/2016/10/2/theresa-may-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-announces-march-2017-as-the-deadline-for-triggering-article-50-and-says-that-her-gove.md) _Context: European Union, United Kingdom_
