### [2016-02-21](/news/2016/02/21/index.md)

# Insurgency in the Maghreb (2002-present): Germany is considering sending troops to Tunisia to help train the Tunisian Army in the fight against Islamist militants, particularly ISIL who control territory in neighboring Libya. 




### Source:

1. [FRANCE 24](http://www.france24.com/en/20160221-germany-mulling-military-training-mission-tunisia?ns_campaign=reseaux_sociaux&ns_source=twitter&ns_mchannel=social&ns_linkname=editorial&aef_campaign_ref=partage_aef&aef_campaign_date=2016-02-21&dlvrit=66745)

### Related:

1. [Spillover of the Libyan Civil War: Tunisia's army and security forces kill another five suspected terrorists in an operation near the Libyan border. ](/news/2016/03/8/spillover-of-the-libyan-civil-war-tunisia-s-army-and-security-forces-kill-another-five-suspected-terrorists-in-an-operation-near-the-libyan.md) _Context: Libya, Tunisia, army_
2. [Libyan Crisis (2011-present): The Tunisian Army kills five suspected ISIL militants near the town of Ben Gardane after they infiltrated across the border from neighboring Libya. ](/news/2016/03/2/libyan-crisis-2011-present-the-tunisian-army-kills-five-suspected-isil-militants-near-the-town-of-ben-gardane-after-they-infiltrated-ac.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Libya, army_
3. [Libyan Crisis (2011-present): The United Kingdom is to send troops to Tunisia to help the Tunisian Army prevent ISIL militants from moving into the country from Libya. ](/news/2016/03/1/libyan-crisis-2011-present-the-united-kingdom-is-to-send-troops-to-tunisia-to-help-the-tunisian-army-prevent-isil-militants-from-moving.md) _Context: Libya, Tunisia, army_
4. [Insurgency in the Maghreb (2002-present): Tunisia completes the construction of a 200km (125 mile) barrier along its border with Libya, intended to keep out terrorists trained in Libya. ](/news/2016/02/6/insurgency-in-the-maghreb-2002-present-tunisia-completes-the-construction-of-a-200km-125-mile-barrier-along-its-border-with-libya-in.md) _Context: Insurgency in the Maghreb (2002-present), Libya, Tunisia_
5. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): Military intervention against ISIL: United States Air Force warplanes carry out airstrikes on ISIL in western Libya, near the Tunisian border, reportedly killing at least 38 people. ](/news/2016/02/19/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-military-intervention-against-isil-united-states-air-force-warplanes-carry-out-airstrikes-on-isil-in-wes.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Libya, Tunisia_
6. [Insurgency in the Maghreb (2002-present): The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claim responsibility for yesterday's attack on Tunisia's presidential guard in Tunis that killed 14 people. ](/news/2015/11/25/insurgency-in-the-maghreb-2002-present-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-claim-responsibility-for-yesterday-s-attack-on-tunisia.md) _Context: Insurgency in the Maghreb (2002-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Tunisia_
7. [2016 Berlin attack: German officials offer a reward of up to 100,000 euros ($104,000) for 24-year-old Tunisian asylum-seeker Anis Amri, whose identifying information was found in the truck used in the attack. ](/news/2016/12/21/2016-berlin-attack-german-officials-offer-a-reward-of-up-to-100-000-euros-104-000-for-24-year-old-tunisian-asylum-seeker-anis-amri-whos.md) _Context: Germany, Tunisia_
8. [2016 Berlin attack: The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility via Amaq News Agency for the truck attack in Berlin, Germany, which left at least 12 people dead and 49 injured. ](/news/2016/12/20/2016-berlin-attack-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility-via-amaq-news-agency-for-the-truck-attack-in-berlin-germ.md) _Context: Germany, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): An ISIL sniper in Sirte, Libya, shoots dead Dutch photographer and war correspondent Jeroen Oerlemans. ](/news/2016/10/2/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-an-isil-sniper-in-sirte-libya-shoots-dead-dutch-photographer-and-war-correspondent-jeroen-oerlemans.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Libya_
10. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): The United States launches airstrikes on ISIL positions in the Libyan city of Sirte following a request from the UN-backed Government of National Accord. Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj, in a televised address, says the strikes have caused "heavy ISIL losses". ](/news/2016/08/1/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-united-states-launches-airstrikes-on-isil-positions-in-the-libyan-city-of-sirte-following-a-request-f.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Libya_
