### [2016-02-21](/news/2016/02/21/index.md)

# Japan-United States relations. Thousands protest outside the Japanese parliament in Tokyo against the relocation of a U.S. military base on Okinawa Island. Residents cite noise, pollution, and crime as reasons for not wanting a new base built. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-japan-politics-okinawa-idUSKCN0VU0BG)

### Related:

1. [Japan-United States relations. Relocation of Marine Corps Air Station Futenma. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe agrees to suspend work to expand the U.S. military base on Okinawa Island. Abe says his government will follow the court recommendation and settle several lawsuits over landfill work carried out to prepare for new runways. ](/news/2016/03/4/japan-united-states-relations-relocation-of-marine-corps-air-station-futenma-japanese-prime-minister-shinza-abe-agrees-to-suspend-work.md) _Context: Japan-United States relations, Okinawa Island, U.S. military base_
2. [Politics of Japan. The National Diet of Japan passes legislation allowing Emperor Akihito to abdicate. The abdication is to take place within three years. ](/news/2017/06/9/politics-of-japan-the-national-diet-of-japan-passes-legislation-allowing-emperor-akihito-to-abdicate-the-abdication-is-to-take-place-withi.md) _Context: Diet, Japan_
3. [Parliament of Japan. The Japanese Diet passes an anti-terrorism law that has been accused by critics as a threat to freedom. ](/news/2017/06/15/parliament-of-japan-the-japanese-diet-passes-an-anti-terrorism-law-that-has-been-accused-by-critics-as-a-threat-to-freedom.md) _Context: Diet, Japan_
4. [Japan-United States relations. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe makes a landmark visit to Naval Station Pearl Harbor in Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, offering "sincere and everlasting condolences" to the victims of the attack on Pearl Harbor by the Japanese empire on December 7, 1941. ](/news/2016/12/27/japan-united-states-relations-japanese-prime-minister-shinza-abe-makes-a-landmark-visit-to-naval-station-pearl-harbor-in-pearl-harbor-h.md) _Context: Japan, Japan-United States relations_
5. [South China Sea disputes. Japan-United States relations. The Obama administration agrees to have the United States Armed Forces assist Japan on conducting joint patrols in the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/09/16/south-china-sea-disputes-japan-united-states-relations-the-obama-administration-agrees-to-have-the-united-states-armed-forces-assist-jap.md) _Context: Japan, Japan-United States relations_
6. [2016 Pacific typhoon season. Typhoon Mindulle is forecast to make landfall near the Japanese capital Tokyo with flights and train services being cancelled. It arrives one day after Typhoon Kompasu. ](/news/2016/08/22/2016-pacific-typhoon-season-typhoon-mindulle-is-forecast-to-make-landfall-near-the-japanese-capital-tokyo-with-flights-and-train-services-b.md) _Context: Japan, Tokyo_
7. [Japan-United States relations. The United States military says it will shortly return 4,000 hectares of its Okinawa military installation, 17 percent of the area it controls, to the Japanese government. ](/news/2016/07/29/japan-united-states-relations-the-united-states-military-says-it-will-shortly-return-4-000-hectares-of-its-okinawa-military-installation.md) _Context: Japan, Japan-United States relations_
8. [Japan-United States relations. Over 50,000 people protest in Okinawa capital Naha against U.S. military presence on the Japanese island, spurred on by last month's arrest of an U.S. Marine veteran, civilian contractor for the rape and killing of a 20-year-old local woman. ](/news/2016/06/19/japan-united-states-relations-over-50-000-people-protest-in-okinawa-capital-naha-against-u-s-military-presence-on-the-japanese-island-s.md) _Context: Japan, Japan-United States relations_
9. [Yoichi Masuzoe resigns as the Governor of the Japanese capital Tokyo over a political funding scandal. He was due to face a no-confidence motion in the Tokyo Metropolitan Assembly later today. ](/news/2016/06/15/yaichi-masuzoe-resigns-as-the-governor-of-the-japanese-capital-tokyo-over-a-political-funding-scandal-he-was-due-to-face-a-no-confidence-m.md) _Context: Japan, Tokyo_
10. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. Japan-North Korea relations. Japan deploys two MIM-104 Patriot surface-to-air missile interceptor systems in Tokyo in preparation for any North Korean ballistic missiles potentially heading for the city. The deployment comes amid concerns of an imminent North Korean missile launch following the detection of "increased activity" at a North Korean missile facility. ](/news/2016/01/31/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-japan-north-korea-relations-japan-deploys-two-mim-104-patriot-surface-to-air-missile-interce.md) _Context: Japan, Tokyo_
