### [2016-02-21](/news/2016/02/21/index.md)

# Libyan Civil War (2014-present). The Libyan National Army says it has taken control of the town of Ajdabiya and several areas of Benghazi following heavy clashes with Islamist militant groups. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-libya-security-benghazi-idUSKCN0VU0UM)

### Related:

1. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). Forces of the Libyan National Army claim to have captured one of the last remaining strongholds of Benghazi from Ansar al-Sharia. ](/news/2017/01/26/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-forces-of-the-libyan-national-army-claim-to-have-captured-one-of-the-last-remaining-strongholds-of-bengha.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Libyan National Army_
2. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). Seven Libyan National Army soldiers are killed fighting ISIL militants in Benghazi. ](/news/2016/02/26/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-seven-libyan-national-army-soldiers-are-killed-fighting-isil-militants-in-benghazi.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Libyan National Army_
3. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). Senior Libyan military officials say French special forces are on the ground in Benghazi helping Libyan National Army troops fight ISIL militants. They said that the French forces, along with American and British teams, are setting up an operations room inside Benina International Airport in Benina. The French defense ministry declined to comment, citing a policy not to comment on special forces' activities. ](/news/2016/02/24/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-senior-libyan-military-officials-say-french-special-forces-are-on-the-ground-in-benghazi-helping-libyan-n.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Libyan National Army_
4. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). The death toll from an attack on a Libyan National Army-controlled airbase in southern Libya reportedly rises to 140 people. ](/news/2017/05/20/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-death-toll-from-an-attack-on-a-libyan-national-army-controlled-airbase-in-southern-libya-reportedly-r.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Libyan National Army_
5. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). At least three French Armed Forces soldiers are killed after their helicopter is shot down near the city of Benghazi, Libya. The soldiers were killed while carrying out "dangerous intelligence operations", according to French President Francois Hollande. ](/news/2016/07/20/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-at-least-three-french-armed-forces-soldiers-are-killed-after-their-helicopter-is-shot-down-near-the-city.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
6. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). A Libyan Air Force MiG-23 is shot down over the city of Benghazi as it conducted airstrikes on Shura Council of Benghazi Revolutionaries positions in the coastal city. A Tobruk-based military source said the pilot survived having parachuted to safety, but his whereabouts were not immediately clear. ](/news/2016/02/12/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-a-libyan-air-force-mig-23-is-shot-down-over-the-city-of-benghazi-as-it-conducted-airstrikes-on-shura-coun.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
7. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). A major power station in the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi is shelled by militants. ](/news/2016/01/9/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-a-major-power-station-in-the-eastern-libyan-city-of-benghazi-is-shelled-by-militants.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
8. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). At least nine people are killed and dozens injured in the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi after several mortar shells hit a protest against a UN proposal for a unity government to end the four-year long crisis in the country. ](/news/2015/10/23/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-at-least-nine-people-are-killed-and-dozens-injured-in-the-eastern-libyan-city-of-benghazi-after-several-m.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
9. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). Ten people are dead in Benghazi as a result of fighting between Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant and Libyan government forces over the weekend. ](/news/2015/09/27/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-ten-people-are-dead-in-benghazi-as-a-result-of-fighting-between-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-and.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
10. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). A rocket attack on a centre for despatching ambulances in the eastern city of Benghazi kills at least three people and injures seven other. ](/news/2015/05/1/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-a-rocket-attack-on-a-centre-for-despatching-ambulances-in-the-eastern-city-of-benghazi-kills-at-least-thr.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
