### [2016-02-21](/news/2016/02/21/index.md)

# The European Union and the United States advise interim Macedonian Prime Minister Emil Dimitriev to postpone elections scheduled for April 24, 2016. 




### Source:

1. [Balkan Insight](http://www.balkaninsight.com/en/article/eu-us-advise-postponing-macedonia-election-date-02-21-2016)

### Related:

1. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: European Union, U.S._
2. [Following diplomatic mediation by the European Union and the United States, minority Serbs tear down a concrete wall in Mitrovica. The city's majority Albanians regarded the wall as a provocation. ](/news/2017/02/5/following-diplomatic-mediation-by-the-european-union-and-the-united-states-minority-serbs-tear-down-a-concrete-wall-in-mitrovica-the-city.md) _Context: European Union, U.S._
3. [ Macedonian voters elect a new parliament. ](/news/2016/12/11/macedonian-voters-elect-a-new-parliament.md) _Context:  Macedonia, Macedonian parliamentary election, 2016_
4. [The  report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council -- the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union -- calls on Israel to end  settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on  Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, "The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-a-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-a.md) _Context: European Union, U.S._
5. [Police in northern Greece move  more than 400 Syrians and Iraqis by bus from a makeshift camp near the Macedonian border to a shelter near the northern city of Thessaloniki. More than 50,000 migrants remain stranded in Greece following European border closures, and the European Union's agreement with Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/13/police-in-northern-greece-move-more-than-400-syrians-and-iraqis-by-bus-from-a-makeshift-camp-near-the-macedonian-border-to-a-shelter-near-t.md) _Context:  Macedonia, European Union_
6. [Both Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide  and Marriott International   shareholders  approve Marriott's acquisition of Starwood, which will create the world's largest  hotelier.   The deal has cleared the pre-merger antitrust reviews in the United States and Canada; approvals from the European Union and China is pending. Last week, Anbang Insurance Group topped Marriott's bid, then withdrew their offer three days later. ](/news/2016/04/8/both-starwood-hotels-and-resorts-worldwide-and-marriott-international-shareholders-approve-marriott-s-acquisition-of-starwood-which-wil.md) _Context: European Union, U.S._
7. [The European Union announces it is considering imposing sanctions on Macedonia's leaders for reneging on an agreement last year to investigate corruption in the ruling class and issuing an amnesty instead to those involved. ](/news/2016/04/22/the-european-union-announces-it-is-considering-imposing-sanctions-on-macedonia-s-leaders-for-reneging-on-an-agreement-last-year-to-investiga.md) _Context:  Macedonia, European Union_
8. [Mayor of London and cabinet member Boris Johnson says that U.S. President Barack Obama is "inconsistent and hypocritical" in persuading the British people to remain in the European Union. ](/news/2016/04/22/mayor-of-london-and-cabinet-member-boris-johnson-says-that-u-s-president-barack-obama-is-inconsistent-and-hypocritical-in-persuading-the.md) _Context: European Union, U.S._
9. [The European Union cancels mediation talks on resolving the political crisis in Macedonia after that country's main political opposition, led by Zoran Zaev, declined to take part. ](/news/2016/04/21/the-european-union-cancels-mediation-talks-on-resolving-the-political-crisis-in-macedonia-after-that-country-s-main-political-opposition-le.md) _Context:  Macedonia, European Union_
10. [As protesters continue to take to the streets of Skopje, Macedonia, lawmakers confirmed that a snap election will take place on June 5 despite the protesters being angry at President Gjorge Ivanov's decision to halt investigations into more than 50 public figures, including top politicians embroiled in a wire-tapping scandal. Zoran Zaev, the main opposition leader, vowed to boycott the election. ](/news/2016/04/16/as-protesters-continue-to-take-to-the-streets-of-skopje-macedonia-lawmakers-confirmed-that-a-snap-election-will-take-place-on-june-5-despi.md) _Context:  Macedonia, Macedonian parliamentary election, 2016_
