### [2016-02-21](/news/2016/02/21/index.md)

# Twin bomb blasts hit the Syrian city of Homs with at least 57 people reportedly killed and more than 100 injured. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. 

Bomb blasts in the Syrian cities of Homs and Damascus have killed at least 140 people, monitors and state media say.


### Source:

1. [AFP via ''Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/afp/article-3456843/Double-car-bombing-kills-25-Syrias-Homs-monitor.html)
2. [AFP via Yahoo! News](http://news.yahoo.com/four-blasts-including-car-bomb-near-syria-shiite-152018401.html)
3. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-35624654)
4. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/02/21/middleeast/syria-civil-war/)
5. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-homs-idUSKCN0VU08C?feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews)

### Related:

1. [Several bombings kill at least 40 people in government and Kurdish held territory across Syria, including Tartus, Homs, Al-Hasakah and Damascus. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/09/5/several-bombings-kill-at-least-40-people-in-government-and-kurdish-held-territory-across-syria-including-tartus-homs-al-hasakah-and-damas.md) _Context: Homs, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
2. [The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria-following-russia-s-threat-that-it-would-treat-any-ai.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
3. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
4. [The United States Marine Corps' 11th Marine Expeditionary Unit arrives in Syria ahead of a Syrian Democratic Forces operation to take control of ISIL's de facto capital of Raqqa. ](/news/2017/03/8/the-united-states-marine-corps-11th-marine-expeditionary-unit-arrives-in-syria-ahead-of-a-syrian-democratic-forces-operation-to-take-contro.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ceasefire-is-said-to.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
6. [ISIL recaptures the Syrian city of Palmyra despite heavy Russian airstrikes, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and Palmyra Coordination Committee (PCC). ](/news/2016/12/11/isil-recaptures-the-syrian-city-of-palmyra-despite-heavy-russian-airstrikes-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-and-palmyr.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Turkish-backed rebels advance on the symbolic ISIL-controlled town of Dabiq, in northern Syria. ISIL believes Dabiq is the location where an apocalyptic battle will take place shortly before the end of the world. ](/news/2016/10/15/turkish-backed-rebels-advance-on-the-symbolic-isil-controlled-town-of-dabiq-in-northern-syria-isil-believes-dabiq-is-the-location-where-an.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
8. [The United States acknowledges that its warplanes may have hit a Syrian Army position near Deir ez-Zor Airport in eastern Syria, while conducting an operation against ISIL, killing more than 60 Syrian troops. ](/news/2016/09/17/the-united-states-acknowledges-that-its-warplanes-may-have-hit-a-syrian-army-position-near-deir-ez-zor-airport-in-eastern-syria-while-condu.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian civil war and The U.S. Obama administration and the Russian Putin administration agree to a Syrian peace deal. The deal is intended to end combat in specified areas and create a joint center of combat to fight ISIL and Al-Nusra Front. ](/news/2016/09/10/syrian-civil-war-and-the-u-s-obama-administration-and-the-russian-putin-administration-agree-to-a-syrian-peace-deal-the-deal-is-intended-t.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
10. [The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant says its official spokesman, Abu Mohammad al-Adnani, has been killed in Syria's Aleppo Governorate. The group's statement, distributed by Amaq News Agency, did not say how al-Adnani was killed. ](/news/2016/08/30/the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-says-its-official-spokesman-abu-mohammad-al-adnani-has-been-killed-in-syria-s-aleppo-governorate.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
