### [2016-02-21](/news/2016/02/21/index.md)

# U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry says  a tentative  ceasefire agreement  reached with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov  is now being presented  to the opposing forces. 

Explosions rip through Homs and Damascus suburb as world leaders attempt to get all warring parties to end hostilities for a bit


### Source:

1. [CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/kerry-claims-provisional-agreement-on-syrian-cease-fire/)
2. [Reuters via ''The Australian Financial Review](http://www.afr.com/news/world/kerry-says-he-and-lavrov-reach-provisional-deal-on-terms-of-syria-ceasefire-20160221-gmztat)

### Related:

1. [Russia-United States relations,  U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry leaves for Moscow for talks on Syria and Ukraine with Russian President Vladimir Putin and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on  Wednesday. Kerry is also  expected to discuss the case of Ukrainian pilot Nadiya Savchenko,  who today was sentenced to 22 years in prison in the city of Donetsk. ](/news/2016/03/22/russiaaunited-states-relations-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-leaves-for-moscow-for-talks-on-syria-and-ukraine-with-russian-presiden.md) _Context: Foreign Minister, John Kerry, Sergey Lavrov, United States Secretary of State_
2. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry and Russian Foreign Affairs Minister Sergey Lavrov meet in London, United Kingdom, to discuss the current Crimean crisis. ](/news/2014/03/14/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-and-russian-foreign-affairs-minister-sergey-lavrov-meet-in-london-united-kingdom-to-discuss-th.md) _Context: Foreign Minister, John Kerry, Sergey Lavrov, United States Secretary of State_
3. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry meets in Vienna, Austria,  with the foreign ministers of Turkey and Saudi Arabia, as well as the U.N. special envoy for Syria, ahead of Saturday's next round of international summits on the Syrian Civil War. The talks, aimed toward a cease-fire in Syria's devastating war and a  political transition to a post-war government, will include senior officials from 19 nations/groups  and, as in October, Iran will participate. ](/news/2015/11/13/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-in-vienna-austria-with-the-foreign-ministers-of-turkey-and-saudi-arabia-as-well-as-the-u-n-spe.md) _Context: John Kerry, Syrian Civil War peace process, United States Secretary of State_
4. [ Russia and the United States will continue talks on Aleppo after talks between the U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov. ](/news/2016/12/9/russia-and-the-united-states-will-continue-talks-on-aleppo-after-talks-between-the-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-and-foreign-minister.md) _Context: John Kerry, Sergey Lavrov_
5. [The Saudi-led military coalition and the Houthis (Ansar Allah) arrive at a ceasefire agreement effective as of 17 November 2016, as a result of talks  led by US Secretary of State John Kerry with the region's leaders.](/news/2016/11/16/the-saudi-led-military-coalition-and-the-houthis-ansar-allah-arrive-at-a-ceasefire-agreement-effective-as-of-17-november-2016-as-a-result.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States Secretary of State_
6. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry arrives in Kiev, Ukraine, where he is expected to discuss ways of ending the conflict in the east of the country. The visit, along with his visit to Georgia yesterday, comes ahead of the NATO summit in Warsaw that will take place tomorrow. ](/news/2016/07/7/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-arrives-in-kiev-ukraine-where-he-is-expected-to-discuss-ways-of-ending-the-conflict-in-the-east-of-the.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States Secretary of State_
7. [The United States Secretary of State John Kerry warns Turkey it could lose its NATO membership if it fails to uphold the principles of democracy. Around 8,000 police officers have been sacked in the country following the attempted coup, with more than 6,000 people in the army, the judiciary and other state bodies detained as part of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's crackdown. ](/news/2016/07/18/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-warns-turkey-it-could-lose-its-nato-membership-if-it-fails-to-uphold-the-principles-of-democ.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States Secretary of State_
8. [A Russian Su-27 jet intercepts a United States Air Force RC-135 reconnaissance plane while in international airspace over the Baltic Sea. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry says, "We condemn this kind of behavior. It is reckless. It is provocative. It is dangerous." ](/news/2016/04/17/a-russian-su-27-jet-intercepts-a-united-states-air-force-rc-135-reconnaissance-plane-while-in-international-airspace-over-the-baltic-sea-u.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States Secretary of State_
9. [G7 foreign ministers meetingJohn Kerry, along with the other Group of Seven (G7) foreign ministers,  laid wreaths   at  Japan's Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum to the victims of the 1945 U.S. nuclear attack. Kerry  is  the first Secretary of State  to visit the memorial. Then-U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives Nancy Pelosi was previously the highest-ranking U.S. official to visit the memorial, in 2008. The Hiroshima foreign ministers meeting is part of the preparations for the 42nd G7 summit the end of next month at Japan's Kashiko Island, Shima, Mie Prefecture. ](/news/2016/04/11/g7-foreign-ministers-meetingpjohn-kerry-along-with-the-other-group-of-seven-g7-foreign-ministers-laid-wreaths-at-japan-s-hiroshima-p.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States Secretary of State_
10. [The Taliban, in a statement claiming responsibility for yesterday's rocket attacks into Kabul, Afghanistan, says the intended target was U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, who was in the capital to help defuse a crisis within the unity government.  Kerry had departed less than an hour earlier. No casualties have been reported. ](/news/2016/04/10/the-taliban-in-a-statement-claiming-responsibility-for-yesterday-s-rocket-attacks-into-kabul-afghanistan-says-the-intended-target-was-u-s.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States Secretary of State_
