### [2010-02-11](/news/2010/02/11/index.md)

# A European Union summit takes place to discuss a possible bailout for Greece's economy. 

European leaders sought to prop up Greece with words of support at a summit on Thursday but failed to offer concrete proposals to help the country tackle its debt crisis, prompting a negative market reaction.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSTRE61819O20100211)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/business/2010/feb/11/eu-summit-greece-bailout-imf)

### Related:

1. [Germany announces plans to start deporting newly-arrived migrants to Greece starting in March. According to EU's Dublin Regulation, asylum seekers must file for asylum in the member state they arrived in. ](/news/2017/01/12/germany-announces-plans-to-start-deporting-newly-arrived-migrants-to-greece-starting-in-march-according-to-eu-s-dublin-regulation-asylum-s.md) _Context: EU, Greece_
2. [Police in northern Greece move  more than 400 Syrians and Iraqis by bus from a makeshift camp near the Macedonian border to a shelter near the northern city of Thessaloniki. More than 50,000 migrants remain stranded in Greece following European border closures, and the European Union's agreement with Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/13/police-in-northern-greece-move-more-than-400-syrians-and-iraqis-by-bus-from-a-makeshift-camp-near-the-macedonian-border-to-a-shelter-near-t.md) _Context: EU, Greece_
3. [Greece demands an explanation from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) after an apparent leaked transcript suggested the IMF may threaten to pull out of the country's bailout as a tactic to force European lenders to offer more debt relief. Whistleblowing site WikiLeaks published what it said was the transcript of a March 19 conference call of three senior IMF officials discussing tactics to apply pressure on Greece, Germany and the EU to reach a deal in April. ](/news/2016/04/2/greece-demands-an-explanation-from-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-after-an-apparent-leaked-transcript-suggested-the-imf-may-threaten.md) _Context: EU, Greece_
4. [The European Union launches a new aid program  worth an initial 700 million euros (US$760 million) to address the growing refugee crisis in Greece. EU Humanitarian Aid Commissioner Christos Stylianides says the so-called Emergency Assistance Instrument will be used  to help migrants trapped in Greece and, if needed, in  other countries on the migration route front lines. Approval by a  majority of EU members is required. The next EU meeting is scheduled for Monday. ](/news/2016/03/2/the-european-union-launches-a-new-aid-program-worth-an-initial-700-million-euros-us-760-million-to-address-the-growing-refugee-crisis-in.md) _Context: EU, Greece_
5. [Greece recalls its ambassador to Austria in response to Austria's hosting of a meeting with Balkan states, to which Greece was not invited, about European migrant crisis policies that would make it harder for migrants to head north across Europe. Greece's foreign ministry called the move an "unfriendly act." More than 100,000 migrants have entered the EU illegally so far in 2016, nearly all of them arriving in Greece. ](/news/2016/02/25/greece-recalls-its-ambassador-to-austria-in-response-to-austria-s-hosting-of-a-meeting-with-balkan-states-to-which-greece-was-not-invited.md) _Context: EU, Greece_
6. [Greece faces suspension or expulsion from the European Union's Schengen Area if it can not prevent waves of migrants from crossing over the country into Macedonia. ](/news/2016/01/25/greece-faces-suspension-or-expulsion-from-the-european-union-s-schengen-area-if-it-can-not-prevent-waves-of-migrants-from-crossing-over-the.md) _Context: EU, Greece_
7. [European Union members agree to provide 291 border guards to Greece and Italy to help identify and register migrants. ](/news/2015/10/20/european-union-members-agree-to-provide-291-border-guards-to-greece-and-italy-to-help-identify-and-register-migrants.md) _Context: EU, Greece_
8. [Some 26 migrants are feared missing after a dinghy carrying them sinks off the coast of the Greek island of Lesbos. The Greek Coast Guard rescued 20 people who were spotted in the water by Frontex, EU's border agency. ](/news/2015/09/20/some-26-migrants-are-feared-missing-after-a-dinghy-carrying-them-sinks-off-the-coast-of-the-greek-island-of-lesbos-the-greek-coast-guard-re.md) _Context: EU, Greece_
9. [Greek voters solidly reject (61.3 percent) the latest austerity proposal of the European Union, the International Monetary Fund and the European Central Bank. ](/news/2015/07/5/greek-voters-solidly-reject-61-3-percent-the-latest-austerity-proposal-of-the-european-union-the-international-monetary-fund-and-the-euro.md) _Context: EU, Greece_
10. [The Greek bailout program by the European Union ends today with Greece failing to make a payment to the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2015/06/30/the-greek-bailout-program-by-the-european-union-ends-today-with-greece-failing-to-make-a-payment-to-the-international-monetary-fund.md) _Context: EU, Greece_
