### [2006-02-8](/news/2006/02/8/index.md)

#  An explosion at Russian military base at Kurchaloi in Chechnya kills at least 12 soldiers. The cause is unknown; however, a separatist attack has been officially ruled out. 




### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/37F32D8F-5EB3-4EA4-B7D8-C40D35454D6A.htm)
2. [Mail and Guardian](http://www.mg.co.za/articlePage.aspx?articleid=263655&area=/breaking_news/breaking_news__international_news/)

### Related:

1. [ A Russian Mi-8 military transport helicopter is shot down during the fighting near Shatoy, Chechnya by Chechen rebels, resulting in the death of at least 20 Russian soldiers. ](/news/2007/04/27/a-russian-mi-8-military-transport-helicopter-is-shot-down-during-the-fighting-near-shatoy-chechnya-by-chechen-rebels-resulting-in-the-dea.md) _Context: Chechen War, Chechnya_
2. [ Second Chechen War: At least 16 people are killed and 40 injured by two female suicide bombers in an attack at ''Krylya'', a popular music festival, at the Tushino airfield near Moscow. The Russian authorities blame an on-going terrorism campaign by Chechen rebels; the Chechen government denies any connection to the attacks. ](/news/2003/07/5/second-chechen-war-at-least-16-people-are-killed-and-40-injured-by-two-female-suicide-bombers-in-an-attack-at-krylya-a-popular-music.md) _Context: Chechen War, Chechnya_
3. [ Moscow theatre siege, Second Chechen War: Special forces of the Russian army attack the Chechen separatists who were holding hostages in a Moscow theater. Fifty of the 53 separatists and 117 of the 800 hostages are killed. Most of hostages were killed by poison gas used by the special forces, with most of the surviving hostages hospitalised with gas poisoning.](/news/2002/10/26/moscow-theatre-siege-second-chechen-war-special-forces-of-the-russian-army-attack-the-chechen-separatists-who-were-holding-hostages-in-a.md) _Context: Chechen War, Chechnya_
4. [ Moscow theatre siege, Second Chechen War: The Chechen separatist "suicide squad" release eight children, but keep some 700 people hostage in a Moscow theater rigged with explosives. Diplomats wait for the gunmen to honor a pledge to free about 75 foreigners among their hostages, including Australians, Austrians, Britons, Germans and three Americans.](/news/2002/10/25/moscow-theatre-siege-second-chechen-war-the-chechen-separatist-suicide-squad-release-eight-children-but-keep-some-700-people-hostage-i.md) _Context: Chechen War, Chechnya_
5. [ Moscow theatre siege, Second Chechen War: The Chechen rebels holding hundreds of hostages in a Moscow theater shot and killed one captive and said they were ready to die for their cause, warning that thousands more of their comrades were "keen on dying." ](/news/2002/10/24/moscow-theatre-siege-second-chechen-war-the-chechen-rebels-holding-hundreds-of-hostages-in-a-moscow-theater-shot-and-killed-one-captive-a.md) _Context: Chechen War, Chechnya_
6. [ Moscow theatre siege, Second Chechen War: Suspected Chechen guerrillas took hundreds hostage in a theater in Moscow, threatening to blow up the building and demanding withdrawal of Russian troops from Chechnya.](/news/2002/10/23/moscow-theatre-siege-second-chechen-war-suspected-chechen-guerrillas-took-hundreds-hostage-in-a-theater-in-moscow-threatening-to-blow-up.md) _Context: Chechen War, Chechnya_
7. [Russian authorities arrest more than 100 gay men in Chechnya, including television personalities and religious figures, for "nontraditional sexual orientation." The ''Novaya Gazeta'' newspaper  reported that three of the arrested men have been killed, while others reportedly were released for family honor killing. Chechen Republic leader Ramzan Kadyrov's spokesperson said this report contains "absolute lies and disinformation" since there are no homosexuals in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/04/3/russian-authorities-arrest-more-than-100-gay-men-in-chechnya-including-television-personalities-and-religious-figures-for-nontraditional.md) _Context: Chechnya_
8. [Six Chechen soldiers, along with six militants, are killed in a nighttime attack on a Russian National Guard base in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/03/24/six-chechen-soldiers-along-with-six-militants-are-killed-in-a-nighttime-attack-on-a-russian-national-guard-base-in-chechnya.md) _Context: Chechnya_
9. [At least two police officers and three suspected militants are killed during a gunfight in Shali, Chechnya. ](/news/2017/01/30/at-least-two-police-officers-and-three-suspected-militants-are-killed-during-a-gunfight-in-shali-chechnya.md) _Context: Chechnya_
10. [A group of nine human rights activists and journalists, heading to Grozny, Chechnya, in a small bus, are attacked on the Kavkaz federal highway near the Ordzhonikidzovskaya settlement at the Ingushetia border. About 20 masked men assaulted  the group, confiscated some mobile phones, and set their vehicle on fire.  Two of the journalists, the NGO lawyer, and the bus driver were hospitalized. A Committee to Prevent Torture representative said this is the first press tour that was not organized by the Chechen government.  ](/news/2016/03/9/a-group-of-nine-human-rights-activists-and-journalists-heading-to-grozny-chechnya-in-a-small-bus-are-attacked-on-the-kavkaz-federal-high.md) _Context: Chechnya_
