### [2016-01-12](/news/2016/01/12/index.md)

# Anti-corruption campaign in China. Li Dongsheng, a former Vice Minister of China's Ministry of Public Security, is jailed for 15 years for corruption. 

China has jailed former vice public security minister Li Dongsheng for 15 years, state media reported on Tuesday, the latest official tied to ousted security tsar Zhou Yongkang to be sentenced for corruption offences.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-china-corruption-trial-idUKKCN0UQ04F20160112)

### Related:

1. [Anti-corruption campaign in China:. The former party chief of Liaoning and Jilin provinces, Wang Min, is placed under investigation by the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection. ](/news/2016/03/5/anti-corruption-campaign-in-china-the-former-party-chief-of-liaoning-and-jilin-provinces-wang-min-is-placed-under-investigation-by-the-c.md) _Context: Anti-corruption campaign in China_
2. [Anti-corruption campaign in China. Wei Hong, Governor of Sichuan province, is announced to be under investigation for "breaching discipline" by the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection. ](/news/2016/01/15/anti-corruption-campaign-in-china-wei-hong-governor-of-sichuan-province-is-announced-to-be-under-investigation-for-breaching-discipline.md) _Context: Anti-corruption campaign in China_
3. [Chinese state television reports Guo Youming, former deputy governor of Hubei province, is found guilty of taking bribes totaling more than 23.8 million yuan ($3.70 million). Guo is the latest to be convicted as a result of President Xi Jinping's anti-corruption campaign that started when Xi took office three years ago. ](/news/2015/12/9/chinese-state-television-reports-guo-youming-former-deputy-governor-of-hubei-province-is-found-guilty-of-taking-bribes-totaling-more-than.md) _Context: Anti-corruption campaign in China_
4. [Chinese tycoon Guo Guangchang, founder and chairman of Fosun, is reported missing amid the Chinese anti-corruption campaign. ](/news/2015/12/11/chinese-tycoon-guo-guangchang-founder-and-chairman-of-fosun-is-reported-missing-amid-the-chinese-anti-corruption-campaign.md) _Context: Anti-corruption campaign in China_
5. [Anti-corruption campaign in China. Beijing Deputy Communist Party Secretary Lu Xiwen and Shanghai vice mayor Ai Baojun are placed under investigation by the top anti-graft body of the Communist Party of China, the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection. ](/news/2015/11/11/anti-corruption-campaign-in-china-beijing-deputy-communist-party-secretary-la1-4-xiwen-and-shanghai-vice-mayor-ai-baojun-are-placed-under-inv.md) _Context: Anti-corruption campaign in China_
6. [China's Central Commission for Discipline Inspection announces their investigation of Fujian governor Su Shulin, the former chairman of China Petroleum and Chemical Corporation, on suspicion of serious disciplinary violations, the "euphemism for corruption." This follows the massive anti-corruption drive Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping launched when he came to power more than three years ago. Su is the first sitting governor investigated since the campaign began. ](/news/2015/10/7/china-s-central-commission-for-discipline-inspection-announces-their-investigation-of-fujian-governor-su-shulin-the-former-chairman-of-chin.md) _Context: Anti-corruption campaign in China_
7. [Anti-corruption campaign in China. 2015 Tianjin explosions. The People's Republic of China sacks its workplace safety chief Yang Dongliang for alleged corruption following an investigation triggered by the Tianjin explosions. ](/news/2015/08/26/anti-corruption-campaign-in-china-2015-tianjin-explosions-the-people-s-republic-of-china-sacks-its-workplace-safety-chief-yang-dongliang-f.md) _Context: Anti-corruption campaign in China_
8. [Anti-corruption campaign in China:. Former Central Military Commission Vice-Chairman, General Guo Boxiong, is accused of taking bribes in exchange for the promotion of officers and expelled from the Communist Party of China. ](/news/2015/07/30/anti-corruption-campaign-in-china-former-central-military-commission-vice-chairman-general-guo-boxiong-is-accused-of-taking-bribes-in-ex.md) _Context: Anti-corruption campaign in China_
9. [Anti-corruption campaign in China:. Zhou Benshun, the Communist Party chief of China's Hebei province, is detained for investigation by the party's anti-graft body. He is first incumbent provincial leader to be investigated since the anti-corruption campaign began in 2013. ](/news/2015/07/24/anti-corruption-campaign-in-china-zhou-benshun-the-communist-party-chief-of-china-s-hebei-province-is-detained-for-investigation-by-the.md) _Context: Anti-corruption campaign in China_
10. [Anti-corruption campaign in China:. Ling Jihua is expelled from the Communist Party of China after an investigation and arrested to faced criminal charges. ](/news/2015/07/20/anti-corruption-campaign-in-china-ling-jihua-is-expelled-from-the-communist-party-of-china-after-an-investigation-and-arrested-to-faced-cr.md) _Context: Anti-corruption campaign in China_
