### [2016-01-12](/news/2016/01/12/index.md)

# Five people are dead and 65 people are injured after trucks carrying garment workers crash in Cambodia's Kampong Speu Province. 

PHNOM PENH — Two trucks transporting Cambodian garment workers to their factory crashed today (Jan 12), killing five workers and injuring 65 others, officials said. The accident occurred early this morning as one truck sped up to overtake the other but collided with it, causing the vehicles to spiral out of control, said Mr Ma Savath, a district governor in Kampong Speu province, about 40km south-west of the capital, Phnom Penh. “It was an unfortunate accident, and would not have happened if the driver had driven carefully,” he said. A statement issued by the Ministry of Labor said the ministry would cover funeral expenses of the five dead and treatment of the 65 injured. Cambodia’s clothing and footwear manufacturing industry is the country’s biggest export earner, employing about 700,000 people in more than 700 garment and shoe factories. In 2014, the South-east Asian country shipped more than US$6 billion (S$8.64 billion) worth of products to the United States and Europe. In May last year, at least 18 garment workers were killed and nearly two dozen injured in eastern Cambodia when their van was hit by a speeding bus, prompting a plea from Prime Minister Hun Sen for drivers to slow down to make the country’s roads safer. Road accidents are a leading cause of death in Cambodia. According to a report from Transport Ministry, more 2,000 people were killed in traffic accidents in 2014. AP


### Source:

1. [Today Online](http://www.todayonline.com/world/asia/5-dead-65-injured-cambodian-garment-worker-truck-crash)

### Related:

1. [Three de-miners are killed in an explosion during landmine detection and removal operations in Kampong Speu Province, western Cambodia. ](/news/2011/05/15/three-de-miners-are-killed-in-an-explosion-during-landmine-detection-and-removal-operations-in-kampong-speu-province-western-cambodia.md) _Context: Cambodia, Kampong Speu Province_
2. [Cambodian opposition leader Kem Sokha is arrested. ](/news/2017/09/2/cambodian-opposition-leader-kem-sokha-is-arrested.md) _Context: Cambodia_
3. [A 2 meter (6.5 feet) tall 12th century sandstone statue of a human figure is unearthed by archaeologists during an excavation of a Khmer Empire-era hospital built during the reign of King Jayavarman VII at Cambodia's Angkor Wat temple complex in Siem Reap Province. ](/news/2017/08/1/a-2-meter-6-5-feet-tall-12th-century-sandstone-statue-of-a-human-figure-is-unearthed-by-archaeologists-during-an-excavation-of-a-khmer-emp.md) _Context: Cambodia_
4. [Voters cast ballots to select representatives for rural and urban Cambodian precincts from, nationwide, 94,595 candidates for 11,572 council seats. Voter turnout was 85.74 percent with few reports of irregularities. According to early results, the opposition makes significant gains against the ruling party of Prime Minister Hun Sen. ](/news/2017/06/4/voters-cast-ballots-to-select-representatives-for-rural-and-urban-cambodian-precincts-from-nationwide-94-595-candidates-for-11-572-council.md) _Context: Cambodia_
5. [Sam Rainsy, the Cambodian opposition leader, is tried yet again in absentia. ](/news/2016/12/9/sam-rainsy-the-cambodian-opposition-leader-is-tried-yet-again-in-absentia.md) _Context: Cambodia_
6. [A Cambodian opposition senator is sentenced to 7 years in prison for a post on Facebook. ](/news/2016/11/7/a-cambodian-opposition-senator-is-sentenced-to-7-years-in-prison-for-a-post-on-facebook.md) _Context: Cambodia_
7. [Cambodian prime minister Hun Sen says that he will continue his campaign against protests from the Cambodian opposition while Kem Sokha of the Cambodian National Rescue Party vows to remain as their leader. ](/news/2016/09/19/cambodian-prime-minister-hun-sen-says-that-he-will-continue-his-campaign-against-protests-from-the-cambodian-opposition-while-kem-sokha-of-t.md) _Context: Cambodia_
8. [The Parliament of Cambodia plans to strip political immunity for opposition politician Thak Lany of the Cambodia National Rescue Party alliance after she criticized Prime Minister Hun Sen. ](/news/2016/09/1/the-parliament-of-cambodia-plans-to-strip-political-immunity-for-opposition-politician-thak-lany-of-the-cambodia-national-rescue-party-allia.md) _Context: Cambodia_
9. [Cambodia and Vietnam fail to agree on a resolution regarding their border dispute. ](/news/2016/09/1/cambodia-and-vietnam-fail-to-agree-on-a-resolution-regarding-their-border-dispute.md) _Context: Cambodia_
10. [Opposition leader Sam Rainsy criticizes Cambodian autocrat Hun Sen for trying to split up the Cambodian National Rescue Party, the second largest party in parliament. ](/news/2016/07/25/opposition-leader-sam-rainsy-criticizes-cambodian-autocrat-hun-sen-for-trying-to-split-up-the-cambodian-national-rescue-party-the-second-la.md) _Context: Cambodia_
