### [2016-01-12](/news/2016/01/12/index.md)

# In accordance with a major point of a nuclear agreement reached with several world powers, Iran removed a plutonium core and filled with concrete the Arak nuclear reactor, setting the stage for the removal of sanctions against Iran. 

The implementation of a nuclear agreement reached last July is now just days away.


### Source:

1. [Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/iran-pours-concrete-into-nuclear-reactor-expects-sanctions-relief/2016/01/11/67011cda-b8a1-11e5-b682-4bb4dd403c7d_story.html)

### Related:

1. [Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action. Europe and the United States lift sanctions imposed on Iran regarding its nuclear programme, and the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action begins to be implemented. ](/news/2016/01/17/joint-comprehensive-plan-of-action-europe-and-the-united-states-lift-sanctions-imposed-on-iran-regarding-its-nuclear-programme-and-the-joi.md) _Context: Iran, Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, pre-sanction_
2. [Russia's envoy to the International Atomic Energy Agency says he expects the historic nuclear deal between Iran and world powers, the P5+1, to be implemented in January. Before the end of the year, Iran will exchange its stockpile of low-enriched uranium for Russia's non-enriched forms of uranium, he said. ](/news/2015/12/7/russia-s-envoy-to-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-says-he-expects-the-historic-nuclear-deal-between-iran-and-world-powers-the-p5-1.md) _Context: Iran, Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, several world powers_
3. [Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action. The United Nations Security Council unanimously approves the Nuclear Pact between Iran and a group of six world powers in return for sanctions relief. ](/news/2015/07/20/joint-comprehensive-plan-of-action-the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-approves-the-nuclear-pact-between-iran-and-a-group-of-si.md) _Context: Iran, Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, several world powers_
4. [Negotiation of a comprehensive nuclear agreement with Iran. A nuclear deal is reached in Vienna between Iran and P5+1. This Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action if signed by the entities involved, will cut off Iran's ability to produce a nuclear weapon whilst allowing for the peaceful use of nuclear energy, inspections, and the lifting of sanctions. ](/news/2015/07/14/negotiation-of-a-comprehensive-nuclear-agreement-with-iran-a-nuclear-deal-is-reached-in-vienna-between-iran-and-p5-1-this-joint-comprehens.md) _Context: Iran, Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, several world powers_
5. [Iranian Minister of Defence Hossein Dehghan confirms Iran tested a new missile, claiming that the test did not violate the 2015 nuclear deal nor UN resolution 2231. ](/news/2017/02/1/iranian-minister-of-defence-hossein-dehghan-confirms-iran-tested-a-new-missile-claiming-that-the-test-did-not-violate-the-2015-nuclear-deal.md) _Context: Iran, Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action_
6. [Iran-United States relations. Ayatollah Khamenei warns that Iran will retaliate if sanctions that breach the Nuclear Deal are approved. ](/news/2016/11/23/iran-united-states-relations-ayatollah-khamenei-warns-that-iran-will-retaliate-if-sanctions-that-breach-the-nuclear-deal-are-approved.md) _Context: Iran, Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action_
7. [Iran and weapons of mass destruction. Reuters reports the United States and its European allies have notified the UN that Iran's launching of nuclear-capable missiles violated United Nations Security Council resolution 2231 which endorsed the Iran deal, i.e., the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), last year. ](/news/2016/03/29/iran-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-reuters-reports-the-united-states-and-its-european-allies-have-notified-the-un-that-iran-s-launching-o.md) _Context: Iran, Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action_
8. [Iran says that it plans to increase its crude oil output until it achieves pre-sanction levels, although that contravenes OPEC efforts to restrain output. ](/news/2016/02/17/iran-says-that-it-plans-to-increase-its-crude-oil-output-until-it-achieves-pre-sanction-levels-although-that-contravenes-opec-efforts-to-re.md) _Context: Iran, pre-sanction_
9. [Nuclear program of Iran. The International Atomic Energy Agency states that Iran has complied with its commitments under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, paving the way for international sanctions to be lifted by the United States and European Union. ](/news/2016/01/16/nuclear-program-of-iran-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-states-that-iran-has-complied-with-its-commitments-under-the-joint-comprehen.md) _Context: Iran, Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action_
10. [Iran-United States relations. Iran releases four Iranian-American prisoners including "Washington Post" reporter Jason Rezaian and Christian pastor Saeed Abedini. The United States is to release seven Iranian-Americans held in the United States for violating sanctions against Iran. ](/news/2016/01/16/iran-united-states-relations-iran-releases-four-iranian-american-prisoners-including-washington-post-reporter-jason-rezaian-and-christi.md) _Context: Iran, pre-sanction_
