### [2016-01-12](/news/2016/01/12/index.md)

# Iran seizes the crew of two small United States Navy boats near Farsi Island, in the Persian Gulf, after they had allegedly entered Iranian waters. Pentagon spokesman, Peter Cook, told Associated Press that Iran has assured the United States that the crew and vessels will be returned promptly. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/78c98f06474d4481bcb9c50f43d0cb0a/pentagon-2-us-navy-boats-held-iran-will-be-returned)

### Related:

1. [The Foreign Minister of Iran Mohammad Javad Zarif says that the country's missile program would not be up for discussion. This comes as United States Secretary of State John Kerry said last Thursday that the United States and its allies would only address Iran's concerns in the region if it makes it clear to all involved that it was prepared to cease provocative ballistic missile launches and tests. ](/news/2016/04/10/the-foreign-minister-of-iran-mohammad-javad-zarif-says-that-the-country-s-missile-program-would-not-be-up-for-discussion-this-comes-as-unit.md) _Context: Iran, Iran-United States relations, United States_
2. [Iran releases four Iranian-American prisoners including ''Washington Post'' reporter Jason Rezaian and Christian pastor Saeed Abedini. The United States is to release seven Iranian-Americans held in the United States for violating sanctions against Iran. ](/news/2016/01/16/iran-releases-four-iranian-american-prisoners-including-washington-post-reporter-jason-rezaian-and-christian-pastor-saeed-abedini-the-u.md) _Context: Iran, Iran-United States relations, United States_
3. [ U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton warns that it could arm its allies in the Gulf and extend a "defense umbrella" over the region, if Iran goes nuclear. ](/news/2009/07/22/u-s-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-warns-that-it-could-arm-its-allies-in-the-gulf-and-extend-a-defense-umbrella-over-the-region-if.md) _Context: Iran, Persian Gulf, United States_
4. [The United States Department of the Treasury announces new sanctions against Iran in response to the latter's recent ballistic missile test. Thirteen people and twelve entities with ties to Iran have been affected. ](/news/2017/02/3/the-united-states-department-of-the-treasury-announces-new-sanctions-against-iran-in-response-to-the-latter-s-recent-ballistic-missile-test.md) _Context: Iran, Iran-United States relations_
5. [Ayatollah Khamenei warns that Iran will retaliate if sanctions that breach the Nuclear Deal are approved. ](/news/2016/11/23/ayatollah-khamenei-warns-that-iran-will-retaliate-if-sanctions-that-breach-the-nuclear-deal-are-approved.md) _Context: Iran, Iran-United States relations_
6. [The United States Navy's destroyer USS ''Mason'' comes under missile attack in the Red Sea, off the coast of Yemen. The two missiles, fired from Yemeni territory controlled by Iranian-backed Houthis, impacted the water well before reaching the ship, according to Pentagon spokesman Captain Jeff Davis. ](/news/2016/10/9/the-united-states-navy-s-destroyer-uss-mason-comes-under-missile-attack-in-the-red-sea-off-the-coast-of-yemen-the-two-missiles-fired.md) _Context: Iran, U.S. Navy_
7. [Iran confirms it has executed nuclear scientist Shahram Amiri by hanging for treason. Iranian judiciary spokesman Gholam-Hossein Mohseni-Eje'i says Amiri was charged with spying for enemies of the Islamic Republic of Iran and that U.S. officials had been unaware that Iran was monitoring Amiri's efforts for the West. His body was returned to his family with rope marks around his neck. ](/news/2016/08/7/iran-confirms-it-has-executed-nuclear-scientist-shahram-amiri-by-hanging-for-treason-iranian-judiciary-spokesman-gholam-hossein-mohseni-eje.md) _Context: Iran, United States_
8. [United States  President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Iran, United States_
9. [The Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) and the United States agree to carry out joint naval patrols to prevent Iranian arms shipments reaching Yemen, the Gulf bloc's secretary general Abdullatif bin Rashid Al Zayani said on Wednesday, following a meeting with United States Secretary of Defense Ash Carter. Iran denies it supplies weapons to the Houthis in Yemen. ](/news/2016/04/20/the-gulf-cooperation-council-gcc-and-the-united-states-agree-to-carry-out-joint-naval-patrols-to-prevent-iranian-arms-shipments-reaching-y.md) _Context: Iran, United States_
10. [Two unarmed Russian Air Force Sukhoi Su-24 jets flew simulated attacks on United States Navy destroyer ''USS Donald Cook'' in the Baltic Sea on Tuesday, according to a U.S. official, who described it as one of the most aggressive interactions in recent memory. A Russian Kamov Ka-27 naval helicopter also made seven passes around the ''USS Donald Cook'', taking pictures of the warship. ](/news/2016/04/13/two-unarmed-russian-air-force-sukhoi-su-24-jets-flew-simulated-attacks-on-united-states-navy-destroyer-uss-donald-cook-in-the-baltic-sea.md) _Context: U.S. Navy, United States_
