### [2016-01-12](/news/2016/01/12/index.md)

# North Korea-United States relations. North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. The United States House of Representatives votes overwhelmingly in favor of legislation to tighten sanctions on North Korea in response to the North's latest nuclear test. 

It would block North Korea&#039;s access to hard currency following a claimed nuclear test.


### Source:

1. [The Hill](http://thehill.com/policy/national-security/265618-house-votes-to-slap-stricter-sanctions-on-north-korea-after-bomb)

### Related:

1. [ North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea-United States relations. North Korea vows to accelerate its nuclear weapons programme to -maximum pace- and test a nuclear device -at any time- in response to U.S. President Donald Trump's aggressive stance towards the regime. ](/news/2017/05/2/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-united-states-relations-north-korea-vows-to-accelerate-its-nuclear-weapons-prog.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-United States relations, intercontinental ballistic_
2. [North Korea-United States relations. The United States Pacific Command deploys warships, including the USS "Carl Vinson", to move towards the Korean Peninsula following North Korea's recent tests with weapons of mass destruction and opposition to the Sharyat missile strike. North Korea is also reclassified as a state sponsor of terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/9/north-korea-united-states-relations-the-united-states-pacific-command-deploys-warships-including-the-uss-carl-vinson-to-move-towards.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-United States relations, intercontinental ballistic_
3. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea-United States relations. U.S.-based monitoring group 38 North says satellite imagery of North Korea's Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site indicates that preparation for a sixth nuclear weapons test is underway. ](/news/2017/04/13/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-united-states-relations-u-s-based-monitoring-group-38-north-says-satellite-imag.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-United States relations, intercontinental ballistic_
4. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea-United States relations. North Korea threatens a genocide against the United States of America. ](/news/2016/04/4/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-united-states-relations-north-korea-threatens-a-genocide-against-the-united-stat.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-United States relations, intercontinental ballistic_
5. [North Korea and the United Nations. The United Nations Security Council votes 15-0 to impose sanctions on North Korea for its intercontinental ballistic missile tests. ](/news/2017/08/5/north-korea-and-the-united-nations-the-united-nations-security-council-votes-15-0-to-impose-sanctions-on-north-korea-for-its-intercontine.md) _Context: North Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
6. [North Korea-United States relations. In a video interview posted on the state-run website Uriminzokkiri, the two sons of James Joseph Dresnok (the last remaining American defector to North Korea) have confirmed that their father has died of a stroke last November 2016. ](/news/2017/08/21/north-korea-united-states-relations-in-a-video-interview-posted-on-the-state-run-website-uriminzokkiri-the-two-sons-of-james-joseph-dres.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-United States relations_
7. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea test-launches what is presumed to be its first intercontinental ballistic missile 933 kilometers into the Sea of Japan within Japan's Exclusive Economic Zone. An American expert theorizes the ICBM, which reached an altitude of 2,802 km, could potentially reach the U.S. state of Alaska. ](/news/2017/07/4/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-test-launches-what-is-presumed-to-be-its-first-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-9.md) _Context: North Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
8. [North Korea-United States relations. The U.S. State Department announces that it will ban travel to North Korea, following the death of Otto Warmbier. ](/news/2017/07/21/north-korea-united-states-relations-the-u-s-state-department-announces-that-it-will-ban-travel-to-north-korea-following-the-death-of-ot.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-United States relations_
9. [North Korea-United States relations. Following the death of 22-year-old U.S. student Otto Warmbier, touring firm Young Pioneer Tours, who arranged Otto's visit to North Korea, say they will no longer be taking U.S. citizens to North Korea as the "risk is too high". Beijing-based Koryo Tours say they are reviewing their positions on taking U.S. citizens to the country. ](/news/2017/06/20/north-korea-united-states-relations-following-the-death-of-22-year-old-u-s-student-otto-warmbier-touring-firm-young-pioneer-tours-who.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-United States relations_
10. [North Korea-United States relations. American student Otto Warmbier, who returned to the United States after serving 17 months in the North Korean prison system dies after returning from North Korea last week in a comatose state. His family has accused the Government of North Korea of torturing him. ](/news/2017/06/19/north-korea-united-states-relations-american-student-otto-warmbier-who-returned-to-the-united-states-after-serving-17-months-in-the-nort.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-United States relations_
