### [2016-01-12](/news/2016/01/12/index.md)

# Saudi Arabia arrests Samar Badawi, a human rights activist who received the International Women of Courage Award from the United States in 2012. Badawi is to appear in court on Wednesday, according to Amnesty International. Both her brother, Raif Badawi, publisher of the "Free Saudi Liberals" blog, and former husband, Waleed Sami Abulkhair, are currently imprisoned. 

The arrest of Samar Badawi, a prominent human rights defender, as well as the sister of imprisoned blogger Raif Badawi and the former spouse of imprisoned human rights lawyer Waleed Abu al-Khair, is t


### Source:

1. [Amnesty International](http://www.amnestyusa.org/news/press-releases/arrest-of-human-rights-defender-samar-badawi-in-saudi-arabia-latest-attempt-to-intimidate-activists)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/01/12/middleeast/samar-badawi-arrest-saudi-arabia/)
3. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jan/12/samar-badawi-sister-blogger-raif-badawi-arrested-saudi-arabia)

### Related:

1. [Amnesty International releases a report criticizing the rise of populist leaders such as Donald Trump of the United States, Viktor Orban of Hungary, Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines and Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey. ](/news/2017/02/22/amnesty-international-releases-a-report-criticizing-the-rise-of-populist-leaders-such-as-donald-trump-of-the-united-states-viktor-orba-n-of.md) _Context: Amnesty International, United States_
2. [Saudi Arabia-United States relations. Yemeni Civil War (2015-present). The United States is to limit military support to Saudi Arabia's military intervention in Yemen amid concerns over rising civilian casualties. ](/news/2016/12/13/saudi-arabia-united-states-relations-yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-the-united-states-is-to-limit-military-support-to-saudi-arabia-s.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, United States_
3. [Yemeni Crisis. The United States and the United Kingdom call for, "within hours," an immediate and unconditional ceasefire in Yemen to end the violence following last week's Saudi airstrikes, based on bad information, that killed around 140 people. ](/news/2016/10/16/yemeni-crisis-the-united-states-and-the-united-kingdom-call-for-within-hours-an-immediate-and-unconditional-ceasefire-in-yemen-to-end-t.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, United States_
4. [Gulf Cooperation Council Summit. United States President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/gulf-cooperation-council-summit-united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-unit.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, United States_
5. [The United States announces that it will transfer nine Yemeni detainees from the Guantanamo Bay detention camp to Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2016/04/16/the-united-states-announces-that-it-will-transfer-nine-yemeni-detainees-from-the-guantanamo-bay-detention-camp-to-saudi-arabia.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, United States_
6. [Saudi Arabian blogger Raif Badawi, who has been sentenced to 1,000 lashes and 10 years in jail for insulting Islam and for cyber crime, wins the European Union's prestigious Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought. The Sakharov award ceremony will be held in Strasbourg, France on December 16, 2015 while the laureate remains imprisoned. ](/news/2015/10/29/saudi-arabian-blogger-raif-badawi-who-has-been-sentenced-to-1-000-lashes-and-10-years-in-jail-for-insulting-islam-and-for-cyber-crime-wins.md) _Context: Raif Badawi, Saudi Arabia_
7. [Vienna Conference on Syria. Syrian Civil War. Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/vienna-conference-on-syria-syrian-civil-war-iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-represen.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, United States_
8. [Yemeni Civil War. Houthi rebels release six foreign hostages; three Americans, two Saudis, and a Briton. ](/news/2015/09/20/yemeni-civil-war-houthi-rebels-release-six-foreign-hostages-three-americans-two-saudis-and-a-briton.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, United States_
9. [The United States embassy and consulates in Saudi Arabia close for Sunday and Monday due to heightened security concerns.](/news/2015/03/15/the-united-states-embassy-and-consulates-in-saudi-arabia-close-for-sunday-and-monday-due-to-heightened-security-concerns.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, United States_
10. [In Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, blogger Raif Badawi receives 50 lashes for "insulting Islam". This first punishment is part of a sentence of ten years' imprisonment and 1,000 lashes. He will receive 50 lashes a week for 19 more weeks. ](/news/2015/01/9/in-jeddah-saudi-arabia-blogger-raif-badawi-receives-50-lashes-for-insulting-islam-this-first-punishment-is-part-of-a-sentence-of-ten-ye.md) _Context: Raif Badawi, Saudi Arabia_
