### [2016-01-12](/news/2016/01/12/index.md)

# The Syrian Army, backed by Russian airstrikes, retakes control of the strategic town of Salma in the northern Latakia Governorate. The town had been mostly under rebel (FSA) and jihadist (Al-Nusra Front) control since 2012. 

Syria&#x27;s army and allied forces on Tuesday took full control from rebel groups of the strategic town of Salma, in the northwestern province of Latakia, state television reported. Government forces were combing the area for mines and explosive devices &quot;left behind by terrorist groups in the buildings


### Source:

1. [Médecins Sans Frontières](http://www.msf.org/article/syria-siege-and-starvation-madaya-immediate-medical-evacuations-and-medical-resupply)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-idUSKCN0UP0VM20160113)
3. [AFP via Yahoo](http://news.yahoo.com/syrian-army-enters-rebel-bastion-latakia-province-monitor-110734427.html)

### Related:

1. [Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ceasefire-is-said-to.md) _Context: Free Syrian Army, Russia, Syrian Civil War, al-Nusra_
2. [Syrian civil war:The Islamist al-Nusra Front captures the historic Christian town of Ma'loula from the Syrian Army; Russia calls for protection of the town.  ](/news/2013/09/8/syrian-civil-war-pthe-islamist-al-nusra-front-captures-the-historic-christian-town-of-ma-loula-from-the-syrian-army-russia-calls-for-protec.md) _Context: Russia, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War, al-Nusra_
3. [Syrian civil war and The U.S. Obama administration and the Russian Putin administration agree to a Syrian peace deal. The deal is intended to end combat in specified areas and create a joint center of combat to fight ISIL and Al-Nusra Front. ](/news/2016/09/10/syrian-civil-war-and-the-u-s-obama-administration-and-the-russian-putin-administration-agree-to-a-syrian-peace-deal-the-deal-is-intended-t.md) _Context: Russia, Syrian Civil War, al-Nusra_
4. [According to Russian ambassador to the United Nations Aleksi Borodavkin, the Syrian Army is preparing to launch an offensive against the ISIL strongholds of Al-Raqqah and the countryside around Deir ez-Zor and that the Russian Air Force will be providing the ground campaign with air support. ](/news/2016/04/29/according-to-russian-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-aleksi-borodavkin-the-syrian-army-is-preparing-to-launch-an-offensive-against-the-isi.md) _Context: Russia, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Syrian troops advance into Palmyra on multiple fronts with the help of Russian airstrikes and take several neighbourhoods, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. However they were unable to encircle the city. ](/news/2016/03/26/syrian-troops-advance-into-palmyra-on-multiple-fronts-with-the-help-of-russian-airstrikes-and-take-several-neighbourhoods-according-to-the.md) _Context: Russia, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
6. [The al-Nusra Front, an al-Qaeda affiliate, assaults the Free Syrian Army's 13th Division in Maarrat al-Nu'man, killing seven FSA fighters with 40 captured. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says Nusra seized anti-tank missiles, armored vehicles, a tank, and other arms from the U.S.-backed division. ](/news/2016/03/13/the-al-nusra-front-an-al-qaeda-affiliate-assaults-the-free-syrian-army-s-13th-division-in-maarrat-al-nu-man-killing-seven-fsa-fighters-wi.md) _Context: Free Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War, al-Nusra_
7. [The Syrian Army, backed by the Russian Air Force, takes control of the town of Ratyan in the Aleppo Governorate, after defeating Al-Nusra Front and Ahrar ash-Sham fighters. ](/news/2016/02/6/the-syrian-army-backed-by-the-russian-air-force-takes-control-of-the-town-of-ratyan-in-the-aleppo-governorate-after-defeating-al-nusra-fr.md) _Context: Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War, al-Nusra_
8. [The Syrian Army, backed by the Russian Air Force, says it has captured the town of Kinsabba in the northwest Latakia Governorate. ](/news/2016/02/18/the-syrian-army-backed-by-the-russian-air-force-says-it-has-captured-the-town-of-kinsabba-in-the-northwest-latakia-governorate.md) _Context: Latakia Governorate, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
9. [The Kurdish-led Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) reportedly take control of the Menagh Military Airbase in the northern Aleppo Governorate after Ahrar ash-Sham, Levant Front and Free Syrian Army fighters withdraw amid Russian airstrikes. ](/news/2016/02/10/the-kurdish-led-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-reportedly-take-control-of-the-menagh-military-airbase-in-the-northern-aleppo-governorate-aft.md) _Context: Free Syrian Army, Russia, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Russian airstrikes on a Al-Nusra Front (Al-Qaeda's branch in Syria)-run prison complex in the northern town of Maarrat al-Nu'man, Idlib, leaves nearly 60 people dead. Most of those killed were rebels imprisoned by Al-Nusra, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2016/01/9/russian-airstrikes-on-a-al-nusra-front-al-qaeda-s-branch-in-syria-run-prison-complex-in-the-northern-town-of-maarrat-al-nu-man-idlib-lea.md) _Context: Russia, Syrian Civil War, al-Nusra_
