### [2017-02-23](/news/2017/02/23/index.md)

# A Philippine court orders the arrest of Duterte critic and Liberal senator Leila de Lima. She later voluntarily turned herself in the next day 

De Lima, a vocal critic of President Duterte, is facing drug trafficking charges during her term as a justice secretary.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/02/philippine-court-orders-arrest-senator-leila-de-lima-170223140039218.html)
2. [PDI](http://newsinfo.inquirer.net/874861/after-awaiting-arrest-at-senate-de-lima-turns-self-in)

### Related:

1. [Philippine vice president Leni Robredo defends her fellow Liberal party-mate Leila de Lima who was arrested for alleged drug trafficking. Robredo calls de Lima's arrest political harassment. ](/news/2017/02/24/philippine-vice-president-leni-robredo-defends-her-fellow-liberal-party-mate-leila-de-lima-who-was-arrested-for-alleged-drug-trafficking-ro.md) _Context: Leila de Lima, Liberal Party, Philippine_
2. [Filipino senator Leila de Lima files a lawsuit against Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte in the country's  Supreme Court seeking to stop the president from gathering, and making public, information about her private life. ](/news/2016/11/7/filipino-senator-leila-de-lima-files-a-lawsuit-against-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-in-the-country-s-supreme-court-seeking-to-stop.md) _Context: Leila de Lima, Philippine, Rodrigo Duterte_
3. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte threatens the ''Philippine Daily Inquirer'' with an expose. The newspaper has been a long-time ally of the politically prominent Aquino family (ever since the 1986 EDSA People Power Revolution), as well as the minority opposition Liberal Party (of which the Vice President is its prominent member), both who have been consistent in its criticism of the Duterte presidency since its inauguration in 2016. ](/news/2017/07/1/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-threatens-the-philippine-daily-inquirer-with-an-exposa-c-the-newspaper-has-been-a-long-time.md) _Context: Liberal Party, Rodrigo Duterte_
4. [The Liberal Party of the Philippines, the party of vice president Leni Robredo and detained senator Leila de Lima, formally becomes the opposition after its members and its ally from the Akbayan party are ousted from key positions in the Senate. ](/news/2017/02/27/the-liberal-party-of-the-philippines-the-party-of-vice-president-leni-robredo-and-detained-senator-leila-de-lima-formally-becomes-the-oppo.md) _Context: Leila de Lima, Liberal Party_
5. [Philippines president  Rodrigo Duterte accuses the opposition Liberal Party of trying to oust him and install the current vice president  Leni Robredo to the presidency. ](/news/2016/12/7/philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-accuses-the-opposition-liberal-party-of-trying-to-oust-him-and-install-the-current-vice-president-le.md) _Context: Liberal Party, Rodrigo Duterte_
6. [Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte threatens to suspend the country's habeas corpus "if forced to" by what he says the worsening lawlessness in the country. He mentioned in the same speech, the alleged widespread illegal drug trade in the country, the rebellion in Mindanao, and the worsening campaign against the militant Maute group. ](/news/2016/11/13/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-threatens-to-suspend-the-country-s-habeas-corpus-if-forced-to-by-what-he-says-the-worsening-lawlessne.md) _Context: Philippine, Rodrigo Duterte_
7. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte tells U.S. President Barack Obama to "go to hell" after the United States refuses to sell some weapons to his country, while also acknowledging the cooperation of Russia and China. ](/news/2016/10/4/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-tells-u-s-president-barack-obama-to-go-to-hell-after-the-united-states-refuses-to-sell-some-weapons.md) _Context: Philippine, Rodrigo Duterte_
8. [Presidency of A former militiaman claims while testifying at a hearing by the Philippine Senate that President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte ordered the deaths of criminals and political opponents, allegedly Leila de Lima, critic and journalist Juan Pala, and unidentified Filipino Muslims in 1993, while he was mayor of Davao City. The witness also revealed that Duterte's son Paolo may also have been involved in the murders as an accomplice to his father. ](/news/2016/09/15/presidency-of-a-former-militiaman-claims-while-testifying-at-a-hearing-by-the-philippine-senate-that-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-du.md) _Context: Leila de Lima, Rodrigo Duterte_
9. [Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte accuses the Liberal Party of former president Benigno Aquino III and their allies of orchestrating an impeachment complaint against him regarding his anti-drug campaign. ](/news/2016/09/13/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-accuses-the-liberal-party-of-former-president-benigno-aquino-iii-and-their-allies-of-orchestrating-an-i.md) _Context: Liberal Party, Rodrigo Duterte_
10. [In last week's meeting between Indonesian president Joko Widodo and Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte, Widodo today says that Duterte allegedly said that he '(would) not interfere' in the execution of accused drug smuggler and Philippine national Mary Jane Veloso. However, today a ''Manila Bulletin'' article says that Manny Pinol, the Philippines Agriculture Secretary, states that Duterte actually asked for clemency for Veloso. ](/news/2016/09/12/in-last-week-s-meeting-between-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-and-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-widodo-today-says-that-duterte-all.md) _Context: Philippine, Rodrigo Duterte_
