### [2017-02-23](/news/2017/02/23/index.md)

# American-born panda Bao Bao arrives in China. 




### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/asia_pacific/us-born-panda-bao-bao-lands-in-china-after-leaving-dc-zoo/2017/02/22/587d3c42-f97e-11e6-aa1e-5f735ee31334_story.html)

### Related:

1. [Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-charter-08-is-suffering-fr.md) _Context: Chinese, United States_
2. [American consumer goods company Post Holdings agrees to acquire British cereal maker Weetabix Limited from China's Bright Food for $1.8 billion. ](/news/2017/04/18/american-consumer-goods-company-post-holdings-agrees-to-acquire-british-cereal-maker-weetabix-limited-from-china-s-bright-food-for-1-8-bill.md) _Context: Chinese, United States_
3. [Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states-calli.md) _Context: Chinese, United States_
4. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte tells U.S. President Barack Obama to "go to hell" after the United States refuses to sell some weapons to his country, while also acknowledging the cooperation of Russia and China. ](/news/2016/10/4/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-tells-u-s-president-barack-obama-to-go-to-hell-after-the-united-states-refuses-to-sell-some-weapons.md) _Context: Chinese, United States_
5. [Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte says he plans to cut ties with his country's former colonial ruler, the United States, while strengthening ties with China. ](/news/2016/10/20/philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-says-he-plans-to-cut-ties-with-his-country-s-former-colonial-ruler-the-united-states-while-strengthe.md) _Context: Chinese, United States_
6. [China threatens the United States regarding the South China Sea and it will not accept a verdict in the Permanent Court of Arbitration. ](/news/2016/07/6/china-threatens-the-united-states-regarding-the-south-china-sea-and-it-will-not-accept-a-verdict-in-the-permanent-court-of-arbitration.md) _Context: Chinese, United States_
7. [Both Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide  and Marriott International   shareholders  approve Marriott's acquisition of Starwood, which will create the world's largest  hotelier.   The deal has cleared the pre-merger antitrust reviews in the United States and Canada; approvals from the European Union and China is pending. Last week, Anbang Insurance Group topped Marriott's bid, then withdrew their offer three days later. ](/news/2016/04/8/both-starwood-hotels-and-resorts-worldwide-and-marriott-international-shareholders-approve-marriott-s-acquisition-of-starwood-which-wil.md) _Context: Chinese, United States_
8. [Admiral John Richardson says the United States has seen Chinese activity around Scarborough Shoal, which China seized from the Philippines nearly four years ago, in the northern part of the Spratly archipelago of the South China Sea. An  international court ruling  on a case brought by the Philippines against China over its South China Sea claims is expected within a month. ](/news/2016/03/17/admiral-john-richardson-says-the-united-states-has-seen-chinese-activity-around-scarborough-shoal-which-china-seized-from-the-philippines-n.md) _Context: Chinese, United States_
9. [The United Nations Security Council vote on the United States-China draft resolution on North Korea is rescheduled to 10:00 a.m. EST Wednesday.   Russia requests more time to review the text. ](/news/2016/03/1/the-united-nations-security-council-vote-on-the-united-states-china-draft-resolution-on-north-korea-is-rescheduled-to-10-00-a-m-est-wednesd.md) _Context: Chinese, United States_
10. [The United States will present the draft resolution, resulting from yesterday's meeting with China, to the United Nations Security Council expanding sanctions on North Korea over its nuclear program. ](/news/2016/02/25/the-united-states-will-present-the-draft-resolution-resulting-from-yesterday-s-meeting-with-china-to-the-united-nations-security-council-e.md) _Context: Chinese, United States_
