### [2017-02-23](/news/2017/02/23/index.md)

# French presidential election, 2017: Yannick Jadot drops out in an effort to boost Benoit Hamon. 

French Green party candidate Yannick Jadot has said he will support Socialist presidential candidate Benoit Hamon. Shifting alliances ahead of April-May elections have cast uncertainty over the vote. 


### Source:

1. [Deutsche Welle](http://www.dw.com/en/french-green-candidate-jadot-drops-from-presidential-race/a-37696085)

### Related:

1. [French presidential election, 2017: Former candidate Manuel Valls (PS) announces his support for Emmanuel Macron (En Marche!) rather than for his own party's nominee, Benoit Hamon. ](/news/2017/03/29/french-presidential-election-2017-former-candidate-manuel-valls-ps-announces-his-support-for-emmanuel-macron-en-marche-rather-than-fo.md) _Context: Benoit Hamon, last month's presidential election_
2. [French Socialist Party presidential primary, 2017: In the second round run-off to select the Socialist Party's candidate in this year's spring presidential election, the leftist candidate, former Minister of National Education Benoit Hamon, topped former Prime Minister Manuel Valls, a centrist, with 58.65 percent of the vote. ](/news/2017/01/29/french-socialist-party-presidential-primary-2017-in-the-second-round-run-off-to-select-the-socialist-party-s-candidate-in-this-year-s-spri.md) _Context: Benoit Hamon, last month's presidential election_
3. [French legislative election, 2017: Voters in France return to the polls after last month's presidential election for the first round of a legislative election, to begin choosing the 577 members of France's lower house. Opinion polls and exit polls predict that En Marche!, formed by newly elected President Emmanuel Macron, will pick up a majority of seats. ](/news/2017/06/11/french-legislative-election-2017-voters-in-france-return-to-the-polls-after-last-month-s-presidential-election-for-the-first-round-of-a-le.md) _Context: last month's presidential election_
4. [French presidential election, 2017: Voters in France return to the polls for a run-off, to elect either Emmanuel Macron or Marine Le Pen as the new President of France.](/news/2017/05/7/french-presidential-election-2017-voters-in-france-return-to-the-polls-for-a-run-off-to-elect-either-emmanuel-macron-or-marine-le-pen-as.md) _Context: last month's presidential election_
5. [French presidential election, 2017: Voting begins in territories and diplomatic missions west of Metropolitan France for the second round of the presidential election between Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen. ](/news/2017/05/6/french-presidential-election-2017-voting-begins-in-territories-and-diplomatic-missions-west-of-metropolitan-france-for-the-second-round-of.md) _Context: last month's presidential election_
6. [French presidential election, 2017: Files purportedly from the campaign of Emmanuel Macron are posted online. Macron campaign officials say the files are a mix of fake and authentic documents and drew parallels with what happened in the 2016 US Presidential elections. ](/news/2017/05/5/french-presidential-election-2017-files-purportedly-from-the-campaign-of-emmanuel-macron-are-posted-online-macron-campaign-officials-say.md) _Context: last month's presidential election_
7. [French presidential election, 2017: Candidates Marine Le Pen and Emmanuel Macron face off in a debate. ](/news/2017/05/3/french-presidential-election-2017-candidates-marine-le-pen-and-emmanuel-macron-face-off-in-a-debate.md) _Context: last month's presidential election_
8. [French presidential election, 2017: Far-right candidate Marine Le Pen is accused of plagiarising a speech by Francois Fillon. ](/news/2017/05/2/french-presidential-election-2017-far-right-candidate-marine-le-pen-is-accused-of-plagiarising-a-speech-by-franassois-fillon.md) _Context: last month's presidential election_
9. [French presidential election, 2017: France swears in Emmanuel Macron as the 25th President of France. ](/news/2017/05/14/french-presidential-election-2017-france-swears-in-emmanuel-macron-as-the-25th-president-of-france.md) _Context: last month's presidential election_
10. [French presidential election, 2017: Jean-Francois Jalkh, who replaced current presidential finalist Marine Le Pen as leader of the National Front, steps down from this role after three days following the reemergence of his comments questioning the logistics of Holocaust extermination camps, and is replaced by Steeve Briois. ](/news/2017/04/28/french-presidential-election-2017-jean-franassois-jalkh-who-replaced-current-presidential-finalist-marine-le-pen-as-leader-of-the-national.md) _Context: last month's presidential election_
