### [2017-02-23](/news/2017/02/23/index.md)

# The Met Office issues travel warnings for parts of Wales, Scotland and England as Storm Doris, described as a "weather bomb", brings gales, heavy rain and snow to the United Kingdom. At least one person is killed. 

High winds, heavy snow and torrential rain bring major disruption to roads, trains and flights


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2017/feb/23/flights-cancelled-as-storm-doris-arrives)
2. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/storm-doris-woman-killed-latest-wolverhampton-city-centre-high-street-gale-force-winds-rain-extreme-a7595331.html)

### Related:

1. [The Met Office issues a storm warning for the entire United Kingdom, with Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland reportedly the worst-affected areas. Two people are later reported killed in separate weather-related incidents. ](/news/2012/01/3/the-met-office-issues-a-storm-warning-for-the-entire-united-kingdom-with-scotland-wales-and-northern-ireland-reportedly-the-worst-affected.md) _Context: Met Office, Scotland, United Kingdom, Wales_
2. [The United Kingdom posthumously pardons around 49,000 gay and bisexual men found guilty of decades-old sodomy laws in England and Wales. Those still living can apply for a statutory pardon. ](/news/2017/01/31/the-united-kingdom-posthumously-pardons-around-49-000-gay-and-bisexual-men-found-guilty-of-decades-old-sodomy-laws-in-england-and-wales-tho.md) _Context: England, United Kingdom, Wales_
3. [The Met Office issues warnings for parts of Scotland, Northern England and Northern Ireland as Storm Barbara prepares to make landfall. ](/news/2016/12/20/the-met-office-issues-warnings-for-parts-of-scotland-northern-england-and-northern-ireland-as-storm-barbara-prepares-to-make-landfall.md) _Context: 2016-17 UK and Ireland windstorm season, Met Office, Scotland_
4. [Tata Steel is to cut 1,050 jobs in the United Kingdom, with the majority going in South Wales. The Indian multinational steel-making company announced there will be 750 job losses at its Port Talbot Steelworks in Port Talbot, Wales while another 300 jobs will go at its plants in Corby and Hartlepool in England. ](/news/2016/01/18/tata-steel-is-to-cut-1-050-jobs-in-the-united-kingdom-with-the-majority-going-in-south-wales-the-indian-multinational-steel-making-company.md) _Context: England, United Kingdom, Wales_
5. [The United Kingdom's Met Office issues two new severe weather warnings for wind and rain covering across much of Scotland and Northern England beginning 6 a.m. Wednesday. ](/news/2015/12/8/the-united-kingdom-s-met-office-issues-two-new-severe-weather-warnings-for-wind-and-rain-covering-across-much-of-scotland-and-northern-engla.md) _Context: Met Office, Scotland, United Kingdom_
6. [Thirteen areas of south-west England and Wales have been warned of possible floods as the United Kingdom prepares for heavy rain. ](/news/2012/12/14/thirteen-areas-of-south-west-england-and-wales-have-been-warned-of-possible-floods-as-the-united-kingdom-prepares-for-heavy-rain.md) _Context: England, United Kingdom, Wales_
7. [United Kingdom - Sarah's Law, a scheme which allows parents to check if someone with access to their children is a sex offender, will be extended to cover the whole of England and Wales by Spring 2011 after proving successful in four pilot areas. ](/news/2010/08/1/united-kingdom-sarah-s-law-a-scheme-which-allows-parents-to-check-if-someone-with-access-to-their-children-is-a-sex-offender-will-be-ext.md) _Context: England, United Kingdom, Wales_
8. [ New laws come into force across England, Wales and Scotland making the use of child seats in cars compulsory for all children under the age of 12 who are less than 4ft 5in (135cm) tall. ](/news/2006/09/18/new-laws-come-into-force-across-england-wales-and-scotland-making-the-use-of-child-seats-in-cars-compulsory-for-all-children-under-the-age.md) _Context: England, Scotland, Wales_
9. [ Musician Elton John and Canadian filmmaker David Furnish are joined in a civil partnership ceremony at Windsor Town Hall. The couple are among hundreds of same-sex couples entering civil partnerships in England and Wales on the first day that such ceremonies become possible. Ceremonies were held earlier this week in Northern Ireland and Scotland. ](/news/2005/12/21/musician-elton-john-and-canadian-filmmaker-david-furnish-are-joined-in-a-civil-partnership-ceremony-at-windsor-town-hall-the-couple-are-am.md) _Context: England, Scotland, Wales_
10. [ The Roman Catholic bishops of England, Wales, and Scotland issue a teaching guide which explains biblical passages should not be taken literally. The Creation, Garden of Eden and the creation of Eve from Adam's rib are considered to be "symbolic language". ](/news/2005/10/5/the-roman-catholic-bishops-of-england-wales-and-scotland-issue-a-teaching-guide-which-explains-biblical-passages-should-not-be-taken-lite.md) _Context: England, Scotland, Wales_
