### [2017-02-23](/news/2017/02/23/index.md)

# United Kingdom by-elections: Labour's Gareth Snell holds off UKIP's leader Paul Nuttall to win the Stoke-on-Trent Central by-election, while Conservative Party candidate Trudy Harrison wins the Copeland by-election, the first gain for a governing party since 1982. 

The Conservatives take Cumbrian seat from Labour but the opposition holds off UKIP in Stoke Central.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-39064149)

### Related:

1. [UK Independence Party leadership election, November 2016: Paul Nuttall wins an overall majority in a vote to become the UK Independence Party's (UKIP) leader, succeeding Nigel Farage. ](/news/2016/11/28/uk-independence-party-leadership-election-november-2016-paul-nuttall-wins-an-overall-majority-in-a-vote-to-become-the-uk-independence-part.md) _Context: Paul Nuttall, UK Independence Party, leader_
2. [The Labour Party wins the three by-elections held in the United Kingdom on Thursday. Steve Reed is elected in Croydon North, Andy McDonald in Middlesbrough and Sarah Champion in Rotherham. The UK Independence Party achieve second place in Middlesbrough and Rotherham, beating the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats. ](/news/2012/11/30/the-labour-party-wins-the-three-by-elections-held-in-the-united-kingdom-on-thursday-steve-reed-is-elected-in-croydon-north-andy-mcdonald-i.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Labour, UK Independence Party_
3. [United Kingdom general election, 2017: Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-c.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Labour_
4. [United Kingdom local elections, 2017: Results from yesterday's elections show significant swings towards the Conservative Party and away from the Labour Party. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-kingdom-local-elections-2017-results-from-yesterday-s-elections-show-significant-swings-towards-the-conservative-party-and-away-fro.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Labour_
5. [United Kingdom general election, 2017: Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn debates with Conservative leader Theresa May. ](/news/2017/05/29/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-debates-with-conservative-leader-theresa-may.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Labour_
6. [Aftermath of Brexit: UK Independence Party leadership election, November 2016: Suzanne Evans, former UK Independence Party (UKIP) deputy chairman, and Paul Nuttall, President of the Initiative for Direct Democracy in Europe and Member of the European Parliament, each announce their candidacy for the UKIP leadership position, now held on interim basis by Nigel Farage. Other confirmed candidates are Bill Etheridge, Raheem Kassam, and Peter Whittle. ](/news/2016/10/23/aftermath-of-brexit-uk-independence-party-leadership-election-november-2016-suzanne-evans-former-uk-independence-party-ukip-deputy-cha.md) _Context: Paul Nuttall, UK Independence Party_
7. [The BBC is told that the UK's three main political parties, the Conservatives, Labour and the Liberal Democrats, will declare that whoever forms the government after the next general election will not agree to a currency union with an independent Scotland. ](/news/2014/02/12/the-bbc-is-told-that-the-uk-s-three-main-political-parties-the-conservatives-labour-and-the-liberal-democrats-will-declare-that-whoever-f.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Labour_
8. [United Kingdom local elections, 2013:: Results of the elections show gains for Labour and UKIP and losses for the Liberal Democrats and the Conservative Party.](/news/2013/05/3/united-kingdom-local-elections-2013-results-of-the-elections-show-gains-for-labour-and-ukip-and-losses-for-the-liberal-democrats-and-the.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Labour_
9. [British Prime Minister David Cameron says he will "win people back" after his party, the Conservatives came third in the Eastleigh by-election behind the Liberal Democrats and UK Independence Party. ](/news/2013/03/1/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-says-he-will-win-people-back-after-his-party-the-conservatives-came-third-in-the-eastleigh-by-electi.md) _Context: Conservative Party, UK Independence Party_
10. [UK Independence Party MEP Marta Andreasen announces she is leaving the party to join the Conservatives. ](/news/2013/02/22/uk-independence-party-mep-marta-andreasen-announces-she-is-leaving-the-party-to-join-the-conservatives.md) _Context: Conservative Party, UK Independence Party_
