### [2015-12-22](/news/2015/12/22/index.md)

# According to industry sources, the Indian health ministry is considering Sanofi Pasteur's dengue fever vaccine for large-scale clinical trial exemption which would accelerate approval for marketing. India reported a record number of dengue fever cases this year. 




### Source:

1. [The Economic Times](http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/industry/healthcare/biotech/pharmaceuticals/government-may-exempt-sanofis-dengue-vaccine-from-large-scale-clinical-trials/articleshow/50278156.cms)

### Related:

1. [India's health ministry orders government agencies to enforce a new rule for larger health warnings that cover 85 percent of a cigarette pack's surface, up from 20 percent now. India's biggest cigarette maker ITC Ltd., part-owned by British American Tobacco, and Godfrey Phillips India Ltd., a partner of U.S.-based Philip Morris International, shut factories on Friday in protest. ](/news/2016/04/5/india-s-health-ministry-orders-government-agencies-to-enforce-a-new-rule-for-larger-health-warnings-that-cover-85-percent-of-a-cigarette-pac.md) _Context: India, India's health ministry_
2. [According to a parliamentary answer by the ministry of health, the value of a life lost during a clinical trial is 2.2 lakh rupees ($ 4,000) in India in 2011. This number is the average compensation paid for deaths during clinical trials. No rules governing compensations for clinical trial-related injury or death have been approved by the Parliament of India yet. ](/news/2012/09/10/according-to-a-parliamentary-answer-by-the-ministry-of-health-the-value-of-a-life-lost-during-a-clinical-trial-is-2-2-lakh-rupees-4-000.md) _Context: India, clinical trial_
3. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: India_
4. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
5. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
6. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: India_
7. [Visas given to potential entrepreneurs who are foreigners will be significantly reduced prompting fears and criticism from Silicon Valley. Many of those given visas are from India.  ](/news/2017/07/11/visas-given-to-potential-entrepreneurs-who-are-foreigners-will-be-significantly-reduced-prompting-fears-and-criticism-from-silicon-valley-m.md) _Context: India_
8. [At least 7 people are killed and 15 injured after gunmen fire upon a pilgrimage bus and a police vehicle, on the 11th day of the Amarnath Yatra pilgrimage in the Indian city of Anantnag. The attack is believed to be terror-related. ](/news/2017/07/10/at-least-7-people-are-killed-and-15-injured-after-gunmen-fire-upon-a-pilgrimage-bus-and-a-police-vehicle-on-the-11th-day-of-the-amarnath-ya.md) _Context: India_
9. [Amid a stand-off between India and China over the disputed territory of Doklam which is claimed by Bhutan, the Indian National Congress denies the meeting of Rahul Gandhi with the Chinese ambassador to India. ](/news/2017/07/10/amid-a-stand-off-between-india-and-china-over-the-disputed-territory-of-doklam-which-is-claimed-by-bhutan-the-indian-national-congress-deni.md) _Context: India_
10. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan, China releases a map detailing pieces of land claimed by Bhutan and India as belonging to China. China claims, via the map, that territory up until Gipmochi belongs to China and claims it's supported by the 1890 Convention of Calcutta. ](/news/2017/07/1/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-china-releases-a-map-detailing-pieces-of-land-claimed-by-bhutan-and-india-as-belon.md) _Context: India_
