### [2015-12-22](/news/2015/12/22/index.md)

# American aerospace manufacturer and space transport services company SpaceX makes history by sending the first orbital rocket into space and landing the first stage back on the ground at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. 

SpaceX will attempt a launch on Monday night, the first since its Falcon 9 rocket exploded in June.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/tech/innovation/spacex-set-attempt-first-rocket-launch-falcon-9-explosion-n483921)

### Related:

1. [A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket explodes during a routine firing test at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. SpaceX say there were no injuries, but that an "anomaly" during the static fire test resulted in the loss of the rocket and the Israeli Amos-6 communication satellite it was carrying. ](/news/2016/09/1/a-spacex-falcon-9-rocket-explodes-during-a-routine-firing-test-at-cape-canaveral-air-force-station-in-florida-spacex-say-there-were-no-inju.md) _Context: Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, SpaceX_
2. [SpaceX successfully launches Japanese communication satellite JCSAT-16 into geostationary orbit from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. The Falcon 9 Full Thrust rocket used to place the satellite in orbit successfully landed on an autonomous spaceport drone ship in the Atlantic Ocean. ](/news/2016/08/14/spacex-successfully-launches-japanese-communication-satellite-jcsat-16-into-geostationary-orbit-from-cape-canaveral-air-force-station-in-flo.md) _Context: Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, SpaceX_
3. [U.S. airplane manufacturer Boeing unveils the first Boeing 737 MAX airplane at its factory in Renton, Washington. ](/news/2015/12/8/u-s-airplane-manufacturer-boeing-unveils-the-first-boeing-737-max-airplane-at-its-factory-in-renton-washington.md) _Context: Aerospace manufacturer, United States_
4. [SpaceX launches a weather observation satellite, Deep Space Climate Observatory, at 6:03 p.m. EST from Cape Canaveral, Florida (for the US Air Force/NASA/NOAA), but postpones making of a second attempt to land a Falcon 9 v1.1 rocket on a floating platform called the autonomous spaceport drone ship, following the January 10 failure during the SpaceX CRS-5 mission. SpaceX instead, attempts a "mock" soft-landing into the Atlantic ocean ](/news/2015/02/11/spacex-launches-a-weather-observation-satellite-deep-space-climate-observatory-at-6-03-p-m-est-from-cape-canaveral-florida-for-the-us-a.md) _Context: Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, SpaceX_
5. [SpaceX CRS-2: The SpaceX Falcon 9 supply rocket launches from Cape Canaveral SLC-40 as scheduled, but encounters problems once in orbit. ](/news/2013/03/1/spacex-crs-2-the-spacex-falcon-9-supply-rocket-launches-from-cape-canaveral-slc-40-as-scheduled-but-encounters-problems-once-in-orbit.md) _Context: Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, SpaceX_
6. [SpaceX Dragon -- SpaceX launched the first working Dragon spacecraft on a test flight at 10:43am EST (15:43 UTC) from Launch Complex 40, Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. ](/news/2010/12/8/spacex-dragon-a-spacex-launched-the-first-working-dragon-spacecraft-on-a-test-flight-at-10-43am-est-15-43-utc-from-launch-complex-40-ca.md) _Context: Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, SpaceX_
7. [The first launch of the SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station is delayed to no earlier than June 2, 2010, due to delays in a Delta IV GPS satellite launch. ](/news/2010/05/27/the-first-launch-of-the-spacex-falcon-9-rocket-from-cape-canaveral-air-force-station-is-delayed-to-no-earlier-than-june-2-2010-due-to-dela.md) _Context: Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, SpaceX_
8. [United States President Donald Trump, together with Senators Tom Cotton and David Perdue, unveils the ''Reforming American Immigration for Strong Employment Act of 2017'' (RAISE Act), a plan that would, if passed, reduce legal immigration to the U.S. by half each year, and implement a "merit-based system" prioritizing skilled workers, instead of the current family-based chain migration system. ](/news/2017/08/2/united-states-president-donald-trump-together-with-senators-tom-cotton-and-david-perdue-unveils-the-reforming-american-immigration-for-s.md) _Context: United States_
9. [Teams of United States-based researchers, composed of American, Chinese and South Korean scientists, successfully edits a piece of faulty DNA that causes a deadly form of heart disease from cells in human embryos.  ](/news/2017/08/2/teams-of-united-states-based-researchers-composed-of-american-chinese-and-south-korean-scientists-successfully-edits-a-piece-of-faulty-dn.md) _Context: United States_
10. [The summit announces it is unable to gain agreement on climate change between the United States and the other 19 members of this international forum. ](/news/2017/07/8/the-summit-announces-it-is-unable-to-gain-agreement-on-climate-change-between-the-united-states-and-the-other-19-members-of-this-internation.md) _Context: United States_
