### [2015-12-22](/news/2015/12/22/index.md)

# Central African Republic's National Election Authority announces voters approved (93%) the new constitution in the  December 13 referendum. Amid sporatic violence,  39 percent of registered citizens voted in the two-day poll. The first round of the presidential elections and Parliamentary elections now can be held on December 27, 2015. Acting President Catherine Samba-Panza and current members of the  legislature cannot participate.  

Citizens of the CAR have voted for a new constitution that will replace a transitional charter for governing the country. Legislative and presidential elections are due to take place on December 27.


### Source:

1. [Deutsche Welle](http://www.dw.com/en/central-african-republic-voters-say-yes-to-new-constitution/a-18933653)
2. [Toronto Metro News](http://www.metronews.ca/news/world/2015/12/22/central-african-republic-overwhelmingly-votes-yes-on-constitutional-referendum.html)

### Related:

1. [Voters  in the Central African Republic are heading to the polls for the rescheduled parliamentary elections and the first round of the presidential election, where 30 candidates are running to replace Acting President Catherine Samba-Panza. The presidential runoff election is scheduled for 31 January 2016. The  Central African Republic has been rocked by unrest since the March 2013 coup of president Francois Bozize by Seleka, a mostly Muslim alliance of anti-government groups. Thousands have died and about one million people have been displaced in the ongoing sectarian violence between Seleka and the Christian anti-balaka militia. The United Nations peacekeeping mission has promised a heavy security presence today. ](/news/2015/12/30/voters-in-the-central-african-republic-are-heading-to-the-polls-for-the-rescheduled-parliamentary-elections-and-the-first-round-of-the-pres.md) _Context: Acting President, Catherine Samba-Panza, Central-African_
2. [The transitional National Assembly of the Central African Republic chooses Catherine Samba-Panza as the interim President, making her the country's first female head of state. ](/news/2014/01/20/the-transitional-national-assembly-of-the-central-african-republic-chooses-catherine-samba-panza-as-the-interim-president-making-her-the-co.md) _Context: Catherine Samba-Panza, Central-African, legislature_
3. [2012-13 Central African Republic conflict:After declaring himself President of the Central African Republic, Seleka chief Michel Djotodia says that he has suspended the constitution of the country and dissolved its parliament. ](/news/2013/03/26/2012a13-central-african-republic-conflict-pafter-declaring-himself-president-of-the-central-african-republic-seleka-chief-michel-djotodia.md) _Context: Central-African, legislature_
4. [The United States announced it will end a six-year Central-African hunt for Joseph Kony the following day. ](/news/2017/04/25/the-united-states-announced-it-will-end-a-six-year-central-african-hunt-for-joseph-kony-the-following-day.md) _Context: Central-African_
5. [Jean-Pierre Bemba, leader of the Movement for the Liberation of the Congo, and a former Congolese vice president, is sentenced to 18 years in prison by the International Criminal Court for war crimes, and for sexual violence crimes against humanity in neighboring Central African Republic during 2002 and 2003. ](/news/2016/06/21/jean-pierre-bemba-leader-of-the-movement-for-the-liberation-of-the-congo-and-a-former-congolese-vice-president-is-sentenced-to-18-years-i.md) _Context: Central-African_
6. [The International Criminal Court finds ex-Vice President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo Jean-Pierre Bemba guilty of war crimes. Bemba is accused of not taking steps to stop his militia from committing mass murder, rape and pillage in neighbouring Central African Republic. ](/news/2016/03/21/the-international-criminal-court-finds-ex-vice-president-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-jean-pierre-bemba-guilty-of-war-crimes-bem.md) _Context: Central-African_
7. [Voters in the Central African Republic go to the polls for the second round of voting in the presidential election, a runoff between former prime ministers   Anicet-Georges Dologuele (1999-2001) and Faustin-Archange Touadera (2008-13). ](/news/2016/02/14/voters-in-the-central-african-republic-go-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-voting-in-the-presidential-election-a-runoff-between-former.md) _Context: Central-African_
8. [While voters in Central African Republic cast their ballots in a constitutional referendum aimed at ending years of sectarian strife,  clashes erupt in the capital Bangui's PK5 Muslim neighborhood, killing at least two and injuring over 20. PK5 residents, visited by Pope Francis two weeks ago,  marched to the U.N. headquarters in the country to complain they were unable to cast their ballots. The proposed constitution would limit a president to two terms, add an upper house to go along with the National Assembly, and fight institutional corruption. ](/news/2015/12/13/while-voters-in-central-african-republic-cast-their-ballots-in-a-constitutional-referendum-aimed-at-ending-years-of-sectarian-strife-clash.md) _Context: Central-African_
9. [Pope Francis' 2015 visit to Africa Pope Francis travels to a besieged Muslim neighborhood known as PK5 in the Central African Republic, a country wracked by sectarian violence. This visit is part of Francis's message of peace and reconciliation. As a result of the violence over the last two years, most of the capital Bangui's 100,000-plus Muslims have fled; now only 15,000 remain. ](/news/2015/11/30/pope-francis-2015-visit-to-africa-ppope-francis-travels-to-a-besieged-muslim-neighborhood-known-as-pk5-in-the-central-african-republic-a-c.md) _Context: Central-African_
10. [Pope Francis' 2015 visit to AfricaPope Francis arrives in the Central African Republic, the last stop of his six-day African tour, becoming the first modern pope to enter an active war zone as the country is in a state of civil war. ](/news/2015/11/29/pope-francis-2015-visit-to-africappope-francis-arrives-in-the-central-african-republic-the-last-stop-of-his-six-day-african-tour-becoming.md) _Context: Central-African_
