### [2015-12-22](/news/2015/12/22/index.md)

# Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos signs a decree fully legalizing medical marijuana. Growers must apply to the National Narcotics Council for a license. Earlier, Colombia decriminalized personal possession of up to 20 grams. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-latin-america-35165169)
2. [VICE News](https://news.vice.com/article/colombias-president-signs-a-decree-legalizing-medical-weed)

### Related:

1. [Referendum. Colombian government and FARC representatives meet in Havana, and President Juan Manuel Santos will meet with presidential predecessors Alvaro Uribe, the accord opposition leader, and Andres Pastrana Arango, to continue negotiations to end the 52-year war that has killed around a quarter of a million people. ](/news/2016/10/4/referendum-colombian-government-and-farc-representatives-meet-in-havana-and-president-juan-manuel-santos-will-meet-with-presidential-prede.md) _Context: Colombia, Colombian President, Juan Manuel Santos_
2. [Colombian peace agreement referendum, 2016. FARC leader Rodrigo Londono (Timoleon) says his troops will honor its commitments to the Colombian government, including the permanent cease-fire, despite voters rejection of the peace accord in Sunday's referendum. President Juan Manuel Santos calls the country's political parties to an emergency meeting. ](/news/2016/10/3/colombian-peace-agreement-referendum-2016-farc-leader-rodrigo-londoa-o-timolea3n-says-his-troops-will-honor-its-commitments-to-the-colom.md) _Context: Colombia, Colombian President, Juan Manuel Santos_
3. [President of Venezuela Hugo Chvez welcomes President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos to Caracas. ](/news/2010/11/2/president-of-venezuela-hugo-chavez-welcomes-president-of-colombia-juan-manuel-santos-to-caracas.md) _Context: Colombia, Colombian President, Juan Manuel Santos_
4. [President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos declares a state of emergency in Colombia after ongoing floods and landslides kill at least 136 people and the flooding spreads to the capital, Bogot. ](/news/2010/11/18/president-of-colombia-juan-manuel-santos-declares-a-state-of-emergency-in-colombia-after-ongoing-floods-and-landslides-kill-at-least-136-peo.md) _Context: Colombia, Colombian President, Juan Manuel Santos_
5. [President of Venezuela Hugo Chavez announces that he has agreed to meet President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos tomorrow for talks to end strained relations between the two countries. ](/news/2010/08/9/president-of-venezuela-hugo-cha-vez-announces-that-he-has-agreed-to-meet-president-of-colombia-juan-manuel-santos-tomorrow-for-talks-to-end.md) _Context: Colombia, Colombian President, Juan Manuel Santos_
6. [Colombia-Venezuela relations:. Venezuela and Colombia re-establish diplomatic relations after a meeting between recently inaugurated President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos and Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez in Santa Marta, Colombia, mediated by UNASUR Secretary General Nestor Kirchner. ](/news/2010/08/11/colombia-venezuela-relations-venezuela-and-colombia-re-establish-diplomatic-relations-after-a-meeting-between-recently-inaugurated-preside.md) _Context: Colombia, Colombian President, Juan Manuel Santos_
7. [2016 Nobel Peace Prize. Colombian president Juan Manuel Santos receives his award in Oslo, Norway. ](/news/2016/12/10/2016-nobel-peace-prize-colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-receives-his-award-in-oslo-norway.md) _Context: Colombia, Juan Manuel Santos_
8. [2016 Nobel Peace Prize. The Nobel Prize committee awards Colombian president Juan Manuel Santos the Nobel Peace Prize for his resolute efforts to bring the country's more than 50-year-long civil war to an end, a war that has cost the lives of at least 220 thousand Colombians and displaced close to six million people. ](/news/2016/10/7/2016-nobel-peace-prize-the-nobel-prize-committee-awards-colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-the-nobel-peace-prize-for-his-resolute-effor.md) _Context: Colombia, Juan Manuel Santos_
9. [Colombian peace process. Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos extends his ceasefire with the FARC rebels through the end of the year. ](/news/2016/10/13/colombian-peace-process-colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-extends-his-ceasefire-with-the-farc-rebels-through-the-end-of-the-year.md) _Context: Colombian President, Juan Manuel Santos_
10. [Colombian conflict. Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos and FARC guerrilla leader Rodrigo Londono, also known as Timochenko, sign a peace accord in Cartagena, ending the longest running armed conflict in the Western Hemisphere. The final agreement will be submitted to popular ratification in a referendum on October 2.](/news/2016/09/26/colombian-conflict-colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-and-farc-guerrilla-leader-rodrigo-londoa-o-also-known-as-timochenko-sign-a-peac.md) _Context: Colombia, Juan Manuel Santos_
