### [2015-12-22](/news/2015/12/22/index.md)

# European migrant crisis: Turkey's state-run Anadolu Agency reports 11 migrants, including three children, drowned, and the Turkish coast guard rescued seven Syrians from a capsized boat headed to the Greek island of Samos. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/europe/the-latest-luxembourg-fm-says-eu-migrant-response-failed/2015/12/22/6653d6b6-a8ab-11e5-b596-113f59ee069a_story.html)

### Related:

1. [European migrant crisis: A boat carrying Iraqi Kurd migrants sinks off the Greek island of Samos in the Aegean Sea off Turkey's Anatolian coast, killing at least 24 people, including several children, with 11 others missing. ](/news/2016/01/28/european-migrant-crisis-a-boat-carrying-iraqi-kurd-migrants-sinks-off-the-greek-island-of-samos-in-the-aegean-sea-off-turkey-s-anatolian-co.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek, Samos, Turkey_
2. [European migrant crisis: Police in northern Greece move more than 400 Syrians and Iraqis by bus from a makeshift camp near the Macedonian border to a shelter near the northern city of Thessaloniki. More than 50,000 migrants remain stranded in Greece following European border closures, and the European Union's agreement with Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/13/european-migrant-crisis-police-in-northern-greece-move-more-than-400-syrians-and-iraqis-by-bus-from-a-makeshift-camp-near-the-macedonian-bo.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek, Turkey_
3. [European migrant crisis: Five migrants drown off the island of Samos close to Turkey. ](/news/2016/04/9/european-migrant-crisis-five-migrants-drown-off-the-island-of-samos-close-to-turkey.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Samos, Turkey_
4. [European migrant crisis: Greece starts deporting migrants to Turkey. ](/news/2016/04/4/european-migrant-crisis-greece-starts-deporting-migrants-to-turkey.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek, Turkey_
5. [European migrant crisis: At least 25 migrants, including 10 children, drown after their wooden boat capsizes in the Aegean Sea near the seaside town of Didim, Turkey. The Turkish Coast Guard was able to rescue 15 people. ](/news/2016/03/6/european-migrant-crisis-at-least-25-migrants-including-10-children-drown-after-their-wooden-boat-capsizes-in-the-aegean-sea-near-the-seas.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Turkey, Turkish Coast Guard_
6. [Austria-Greece relations: Greece recalls its ambassador to Austria in response to Austria's hosting of a meeting with Balkan states, to which Greece was not invited, about European migrant crisis policies that would make it harder for migrants to head north across Europe. Greece's foreign ministry called the move an "unfriendly act." More than 100,000 migrants have entered the EU illegally so far in 2016, nearly all of them arriving in Greece. ](/news/2016/02/25/austria-greece-relations-greece-recalls-its-ambassador-to-austria-in-response-to-austria-s-hosting-of-a-meeting-with-balkan-states-to-wh.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek, migrants_
7. [European migrant crisis: NATO, during a two-day meeting, considers request from Turkey and Greece to monitor migrant transit in the Aegean Sea and to combat human traffickers squeezing refugees onto unsafe boats. ](/news/2016/02/10/european-migrant-crisis-nato-during-a-two-day-meeting-considers-request-from-turkey-and-greece-to-monitor-migrant-transit-in-the-aegean-s.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek, Turkey_
8. [European migrant crisis: Almost 40 people are killed and 75 are rescued after a boat carrying migrants sinks between Turkey and Greece. ](/news/2016/01/30/european-migrant-crisis-almost-40-people-are-killed-and-75-are-rescued-after-a-boat-carrying-migrants-sinks-between-turkey-and-greece.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek, Turkey_
9. [European migrant crisis: Greek police say they came under fire on the country-s northeastern border with Turkey during the arrest of two suspected migrant smugglers who had just ferried 22 people across the Evros river that runs along the Greek-Turkish border. ](/news/2015/11/5/european-migrant-crisis-greek-police-say-they-came-under-fire-on-the-country-s-northeastern-border-with-turkey-during-the-arrest-of-two-s.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek, Turkey_
10. [European migrant crisis: Turkey agrees with leaders of the European Union to help stem the flow of migrants to Europe in return for cash and visas, and renewal of talks on joining the EU. A key element is 3 billion euros ($3.2 billion) in EU aid for the 2.2 million Syrians now in Turkey. ](/news/2015/11/29/european-migrant-crisis-turkey-agrees-with-leaders-of-the-european-union-to-help-stem-the-flow-of-migrants-to-europe-in-return-for-cash-and.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Syrian, Turkey_
