### [2015-12-22](/news/2015/12/22/index.md)

# Haiti's Provisional Electoral Council postpones presidential and legislative runoff elections scheduled for Sunday, December 27, 2015.  Authorities are waiting for findings from the not-yet-installed special commission evaluating the widely criticized first round of elections before determining how to proceed. 

The elections could take place on January 10th, 2016, according to sources close to election authorities


### Source:

1. [AP via ''The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/the_americas/haiti-officials-postpone-vote-set-for-this-weekend/2015/12/21/f6de6da6-a845-11e5-b596-113f59ee069a_story.html)
2. [Haitian-Caribbean News Network](http://hcnn.ht/en/2015_10/politics/489/Haiti-presidential-and-partial-legislative-runoff-elections-postponed.htm)

### Related:

1. [Unlike the first round of the Haitian parliamentary elections when balloting was  cancelled in 22 constituencies, voting appeared orderly, and largely peaceful, with a large turnout in Sunday's presidential and parliamentary second round elections. Electoral officials said there might be partial results in 10 days but final results would not be ready until late November. Haitians faced lengthy ballots featuring 54 presidential hopefuls and significant numbers of legislative and municipal candidates. An expected runoff between the top two presidential candidates is scheduled for December 27. ](/news/2015/10/25/unlike-the-first-round-of-the-haitian-parliamentary-elections-when-balloting-was-cancelled-in-22-constituencies-voting-appeared-orderly-a.md) _Context: Haitian parliamentary election, 2015, Haitian presidential election, 2015_
2. [Voters in Haiti go to the polls for the first election in four years with some polling places in the capital Port-au-Prince forced to close due to violence. ](/news/2015/08/9/voters-in-haiti-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-election-in-four-years-with-some-polling-places-in-the-capital-port-au-prince-forced-to-close.md) _Context: Haiti, Haitian parliamentary election, 2015_
3. [A bus driver in the Haitian city of Gonaives ploughs into crowds of people celebrating Rara while speeding away from an earlier accident which left one person dead, killing at least 38 people, including a group of street musicians, and injures 17 others. ](/news/2017/03/12/a-bus-driver-in-the-haitian-city-of-gonaa-ves-ploughs-into-crowds-of-people-celebrating-rara-while-speeding-away-from-an-earlier-accident-wh.md) _Context: Haiti_
4. [Jovenel Moise provisionally wins the Haitian election. With Moise earning over 50% of the vote, a runoff election will not be required unless the losing candidates contest the result. ](/news/2016/11/29/jovenel-moa-se-provisionally-wins-the-haitian-election-with-moa-se-earning-over-50-of-the-vote-a-runoff-election-will-not-be-required-unl.md) _Context: Haiti_
5. [The Haitian national electoral commission promises to release results of the highly contested elections between the candidates Jovenel Moise of the Haitian Tet Kale Party, Maryse Narcisse of the Fanmi Lavalas and Jude Celestin of the Alternative League for Haitian Progress and Emancipation. ](/news/2016/11/28/the-haitian-national-electoral-commission-promises-to-release-results-of-the-highly-contested-elections-between-the-candidates-jovenel-moise.md) _Context: Haiti_
6. [Tensions spread in Haiti after both Maryse Narcisse of the Fanmi Lavalas party and Jovenel Moise of the Haitian Tet Kale Party declare themselves winners. ](/news/2016/11/24/tensions-spread-in-haiti-after-both-maryse-narcisse-of-the-fanmi-lavalas-party-and-jovenel-moise-of-the-haitian-ta-t-kale-party-declare-them.md) _Context: Haiti_
7. [Voters in Haiti go to the polls for the first round of a presidential election. ](/news/2016/11/20/voters-in-haiti-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-round-of-a-presidential-election.md) _Context: Haiti_
8. [Hurricane Matthew hits the southeastern United States as the death toll in Haiti rises to at least 877. ](/news/2016/10/7/hurricane-matthew-hits-the-southeastern-united-states-as-the-death-toll-in-haiti-rises-to-at-least-877.md) _Context: Haiti_
9. [Hurricane Matthew kills at least 26 people on the island of Hispaniola; 22 in Haiti and four more in the Dominican Republic. The U.S. National Hurricane Center predicts the storm, currently a Category 3 with  maximum sustained winds of  115 mph (185 km/h), will strengthen as it moves across the Bahamas tonight and tomorrow, and be near the east coast of Florida by tomorrow evening. ](/news/2016/10/5/hurricane-matthew-kills-at-least-26-people-on-the-island-of-hispaniola-22-in-haiti-and-four-more-in-the-dominican-republic-the-u-s-nation.md) _Context: Haiti_
10. [Weather forecasters track Hurricane Matthew as it makes landfall in Haiti and issue hurricane warnings for Cuba and the Bahamas. ](/news/2016/10/4/weather-forecasters-track-hurricane-matthew-as-it-makes-landfall-in-haiti-and-issue-hurricane-warnings-for-cuba-and-the-bahamas.md) _Context: Haiti_
