### [2015-12-22](/news/2015/12/22/index.md)

# More than 1 million children have been forced out of school as a result of Boko Haram terrorism in northeastern Nigeria and its neighboring countries, which leaves the children more susceptible to violence, poverty and child marriage,  Manuel Fontaine, UNICEF's West and Central Africa regional director, said in a statement. 

By Kieran GuilbertDAKAR (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Violence in northeast Nigeria and neighboring countries targeted by Boko Haram has forced more


### Source:

1. [Huffington Post](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/over-1-million-children-out-of-school-due-to-boko-haram-attacks_56797c5ee4b06fa6887ebf3f)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-nigeria-boko-haram-idUSKBN0U500B20151222)

### Related:

1. [The United Nations suspends aid to dangerous areas of Nigeria's northeastern Borno State following Thursday's attack by Boko Haram (ISIL in Africa) on a humanitarian convoy where two soldiers and three civilians were wounded. However, UNICEF noted, aid will continue to the capital Maiduguri.  ](/news/2016/07/29/the-united-nations-suspends-aid-to-dangerous-areas-of-nigeria-s-northeastern-borno-state-following-thursday-s-attack-by-boko-haram-isil-in.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Nigeria, UNICEF_
2. [Three suicide bombers at Lake Chad kill at least 30 people and injure at least 80 others. Three women carried out the attack at a weekly market on an island on the Chadian side of the lake. No group claims responsibility; officials suspect the attacks were carried out by members of the Boko Haram militant group from neighboring Nigeria. ](/news/2015/12/5/three-suicide-bombers-at-lake-chad-kill-at-least-30-people-and-injure-at-least-80-others-three-women-carried-out-the-attack-at-a-weekly-mar.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria, Nigeria_
3. [Cameroon's army, backed by a regional taskforce, has killed at least 100 members of the militant Islamist Boko Haram group and freed 900 people it had held hostage, the west African country's defence ministry has said. Regional taskforce conducts sweep along border with Nigeria. ](/news/2015/12/2/cameroonas-army-backed-by-a-regional-taskforce-has-killed-at-least-100-members-of-the-militant-islamist-boko-haram-group-and-freed-900-p.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria, Nigeria_
4. [At least 30 people are killed after Boko Haram militants attack three villages in Nigeria's northeast Borno state. ](/news/2015/12/15/at-least-30-people-are-killed-after-boko-haram-militants-attack-three-villages-in-nigeria-s-northeast-borno-state.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria, Nigeria_
5. [Nigeria postpones its general election for six weeks to allow its armed forces to take control of the Boko Haram-controlled parts of the country. ](/news/2015/02/7/nigeria-postpones-its-general-election-for-six-weeks-to-allow-its-armed-forces-to-take-control-of-the-boko-haram-controlled-parts-of-the-cou.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria, Nigeria_
6. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria:Following the January 16 Chad authorities decision to send troops to Nigeria and Cameroon to fight Boko Haram militants, the Russian ambassador to the country pledges to supply Cameroon with more modern weapons to combat the Islamist insurgents. ](/news/2015/01/17/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-pfollowing-the-january-16-chad-authorities-decision-to-send-troops-to-nigeria-and-cameroon-to-fight-boko-hara.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria, Nigeria_
7. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria:Boko Haram kill at least 45 in a reprisal attack on a village in northeastern Nigeria. ](/news/2014/11/19/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-pboko-haram-kill-at-least-45-in-a-reprisal-attack-on-a-village-in-northeastern-nigeria.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria, Nigeria_
8. [At least 13 people are dead and 34 injured after Boko Haram gunmen attack a government college in the northern Nigerian city of Kano. ](/news/2014/09/17/at-least-13-people-are-dead-and-34-injured-after-boko-haram-gunmen-attack-a-government-college-in-the-northern-nigerian-city-of-kano.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria, Nigeria_
9. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria:The Elders Forum in the Nigerian state of Borno warns that Boko Haram militants have surrounded the city of Maiduguri. ](/news/2014/09/11/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-pthe-elders-forum-in-the-nigerian-state-of-borno-warns-that-boko-haram-militants-have-surrounded-the-city-of.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria, Nigeria_
10. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria:Boko Haram declares an Islamic state in areas of Nigeria under its control. ](/news/2014/08/25/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-pboko-haram-declares-an-islamic-state-in-areas-of-nigeria-under-its-control.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria, Nigeria_
