### [2015-12-22](/news/2015/12/22/index.md)

# Philippine presidential election, 2016: The Philippine Commission on Elections disqualifies presidential frontrunner Grace Poe, who is a rival of Mar Roxas, the candidate favored by President Benigno Aquino III. The move is widely believed to be politically motivated. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://cnnphilippines.com/news/2015/12/22/comelec-en-banc-cancles-grace-poes-coc-for-presidency.html)
2. [GMA News](http://www.gmanetwork.com/news/story/548816/news/nation/comelec-en-banc-disqualifies-grace-poe-from-presidential-polls)
3. [Inquirer](http://newsinfo.inquirer.net/733034/poes-disqualification-cases-politically-motivated-ally-says)

### Related:

1. [Philippine presidential election, 2016: The supporters of presidential candidates Grace Poe and Mar Roxas post petitions and counter-petitions on Change.org urging either candidate to drop-out and give way for the other. ](/news/2016/05/6/philippine-presidential-election-2016-the-supporters-of-presidential-candidates-grace-poe-and-mar-roxas-post-petitions-and-counter-petitio.md) _Context: Grace Poe, Mar Roxas, Philippine presidential election, 2016_
2. [Philippine presidential election, 2016: The Supreme Court of the Philippines, in a 9-6 ruling, reverses the Commission on Elections order that had disqualified Senator Grace Poe from running in the May 9, 2016, presidential election. The petitioners plan to file a motion for reconsideration. ](/news/2016/03/8/philippine-presidential-election-2016-the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-in-a-9-6-ruling-reverses-the-commission-on-elections-order-th.md) _Context: Commission on Elections, Grace Poe, Philippine presidential election, 2016_
3. [Philippine presidential election, 2016: The campaign period for the election begins in what international media dubs as a "cliffhanger" between five candidates: Jejomar Binay, Miriam Defensor Santiago, Rodrigo R. Duterte, Grace Poe, and Mar Roxas. ](/news/2016/02/9/philippine-presidential-election-2016-the-campaign-period-for-the-election-begins-in-what-international-media-dubs-as-a-cliffhanger-betw.md) _Context: Grace Poe, Mar Roxas, Philippine presidential election, 2016_
4. [Philippine presidential election, 2016:: President Benigno Aquino III endorses the presidential candidacy of Interior and Local Government Secretary Mar Roxas in 2016. ](/news/2015/07/31/philippine-presidential-election-2016-president-benigno-aquino-iii-endorses-the-presidential-candidacy-of-interior-and-local-government-s.md) _Context: Mar Roxas, Philippine presidential election, 2016, his predecessor_
5. [Philippines President Benigno Aquino III holds his final State of the Nation Address before stepping down in 2016. He advocates the passage of the Bangsamoro Basic Law and an anti-dynasty bill. ](/news/2015/07/27/philippines-president-benigno-aquino-iii-holds-his-final-state-of-the-nation-address-before-stepping-down-in-2016-he-advocates-the-passage.md) _Context: Philippine presidential election, 2016, Philippines, his predecessor_
6. [Philippines President Benigno Aquino III announces that he plans to run for a second term in the 2016 election contrary to provisions on term limits in the constitution of the Philippines set up by his mother, Corazon Aquino. ](/news/2014/08/14/philippines-president-benigno-aquino-iii-announces-that-he-plans-to-run-for-a-second-term-in-the-2016-election-contrary-to-provisions-on-ter.md) _Context: Philippine presidential election, 2016, Philippines, his predecessor_
7. [Philippine presidential election, 2016: The Supreme Court of the Philippines allows the electoral protest of defeated candidate Bongbong Marcos against Philippine vice president Leni Robredo to continue. ](/news/2017/02/16/philippine-presidential-election-2016-the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-allows-the-electoral-protest-of-defeated-candidate-bongbong-mar.md) _Context: Philippine presidential election, 2016, Philippines_
8. ["Philippines v. China": On his final day as President of the Philippines, Benigno Aquino III says he was right when he sued China over the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/06/29/philippines-v-china-on-his-final-day-as-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-aquino-iii-says-he-was-right-when-he-sued-china-over-the-s.md) _Context: Philippines, his predecessor_
9. [Philippine general election, 2016: Philippine candidate Grace Poe denies she will give way in favor of administration bet Mar Roxas ](/news/2016/05/5/philippine-general-election-2016-philippine-candidate-grace-poe-denies-she-will-give-way-in-favor-of-administration-bet-mar-roxas.md) _Context: Grace Poe, Mar Roxas_
10. [ Philippine presidential election, 2016: The Congress of the Philippines proclaims Rodrigo Duterte and Leni Robredo as President-elect and Vice President-elect of the Philippines, respectively. ](/news/2016/05/30/philippine-presidential-election-2016-the-congress-of-the-philippines-proclaims-rodrigo-duterte-and-leni-robredo-as-president-elect-and-v.md) _Context: Philippine presidential election, 2016, Philippines_
