### [2017-02-19](/news/2017/02/19/index.md)

# An overnight Pakistani counter-terrorism raid kills five members of the banned Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, which has claimed responsibility for recent deadly terrorist attacks. Four militants escaped. 

MULTAN, Pakistan (AP) — Pakistani police say that counter-terrorism forces killed five militants in an overnight raid and seized weapons and explosives from their hideout. Nayab Haider, a spokesman for the counter-terrorism…


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/cb8b72dd732c46b48768d0dcd76946c7/pakistani-police-kill-5-militants-counter-terrorism-raid)

### Related:

1. [Gunmen raid a Pakistani military post near the border with Afghanistan, killing at least eight people. Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, a faction of Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan, claim responsibility. ](/news/2017/03/17/gunmen-raid-a-pakistani-military-post-near-the-border-with-afghanistan-killing-at-least-eight-people-jamaat-ul-ahrar-a-faction-of-tehrik.md) _Context: Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, War in North-West Pakistan_
2. [Multiple suicide bombers kill at least six people near a district court in Charsadda. Jamaat-ul-Ahrar claimed responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/02/21/multiple-suicide-bombers-kill-at-least-six-people-near-a-district-court-in-charsadda-jamaat-ul-ahrar-claimed-responsibility-for-the-attack.md) _Context: Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, War in North-West Pakistan_
3. [Two separate bombings take place in Pakistan, killing at least seven people. A suicide bomber kills five people at the administrative headquarters in the Mohmand Agency tribal district while the other kills two people at a hospital in Peshawar. Jamaat-ul-Ahrar claims responsibility for the first attack. ](/news/2017/02/15/two-separate-bombings-take-place-in-pakistan-killing-at-least-seven-people-a-suicide-bomber-kills-five-people-at-the-administrative-headqu.md) _Context: Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, War in North-West Pakistan_
4. [A suicide bombing at a mosque in Mohmand Agency kills at least 28 people and injures 31 others. Jamaat-ul-Ahrar claims the responsibility. ](/news/2016/09/16/a-suicide-bombing-at-a-mosque-in-mohmand-agency-kills-at-least-28-people-and-injures-31-others-jamaat-ul-ahrar-claims-the-responsibility.md) _Context: Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, War in North-West Pakistan_
5. [A Taliban suicide bomber hits a court complex in the town of Shabqadar killing at least 13 people and injuring 36.  Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, a  Pakistani Taliban faction, says the attack is retaliation for Mumtaz Qadri's execution last week. ](/news/2016/03/7/a-taliban-suicide-bomber-hits-a-court-complex-in-the-town-of-shabqadar-killing-at-least-13-people-and-injuring-36-jamaat-ul-ahrar-a-paki.md) _Context: Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, War in North-West Pakistan_
6. [A suicide-bomb attack outside the regional office of the National Database and Registration Authority (NADRA) in the northwestern Pakistani city of Mardan, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, leaves at least 26 people dead and 45 wounded. The militant Islamist group Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, a Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan splinter group, claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2015/12/29/a-suicide-bomb-attack-outside-the-regional-office-of-the-national-database-and-registration-authority-nadra-in-the-northwestern-pakistani.md) _Context: Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, War in North-West Pakistan_
7. [The Pakistan Armed Forces attacks two Pakistani Taliban positions near Peshawar, killing 5 militants. ](/news/2014/12/20/the-pakistan-armed-forces-attacks-two-pakistani-taliban-positions-near-peshawar-killing-5-militants.md) _Context: Pakistani military, War in North-West Pakistan_
8. [The Pakistan Armed Forces conduct operations in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas, killing seventy-seven militants. ](/news/2014/12/19/the-pakistan-armed-forces-conduct-operations-in-the-federally-administered-tribal-areas-killing-seventy-seven-militants.md) _Context: Pakistani military, War in North-West Pakistan_
9. [Chinese authorities report "grave concern" over reports that two kidnapped Chinese teachers in Quetta, Pakistan, were killed by members of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2017/06/9/chinese-authorities-report-grave-concern-over-reports-that-two-kidnapped-chinese-teachers-in-quetta-pakistan-were-killed-by-members-of-t.md) _Context: War in North-West Pakistan_
10. [Afghan border police and the Pakistani military clash at a border crossing near Chaman, killing at least 13 people and wounding over 80 others. Both sides blame each other for the flareup in fighting. ](/news/2017/05/5/afghan-border-police-and-the-pakistani-military-clash-at-a-border-crossing-near-chaman-killing-at-least-13-people-and-wounding-over-80-othe.md) _Context: Pakistani military_
