### [2017-02-19](/news/2017/02/19/index.md)

# SpaceX successfully launches a Falcon 9 rocket from Kennedy Space Center, placing a Dragon spacecraft in orbit and recovering the launcher's first stage. The spacecraft will resupply the International Space Station.




### Source:

1. [NPR](http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2017/02/19/516082519/watch-live-all-systems-go-for-spacex-launch-at-nasas-historic-pad)

### Related:

1. [SpaceX delays the launch of a Falcon 9 rocket from Kennedy Space Center in Florida due to a technical issue. The Falcon 9 will resupply the International Space Station. ](/news/2017/02/18/spacex-delays-the-launch-of-a-falcon-9-rocket-from-kennedy-space-center-in-florida-due-to-a-technical-issue-the-falcon-9-will-resupply-the.md) _Context: Falcon 9, International Space Station, Kennedy Space Center, SpaceX, SpaceX CRS-10_
2. [SpaceX successfully places the SES-10 telecommunications satellite on a geostationary transfer orbit. The event is notable because of the implied economic cost savings of reusing, for the first time, a used Falcon 9 first stage which had previously been recovered. That first stage had previously launched a Dragon spacecraft to the International Space Station and landed on an autonomous drone ship during the CRS-8 mission. ](/news/2017/03/30/spacex-successfully-places-the-ses-10-telecommunications-satellite-on-a-geostationary-transfer-orbit-the-event-is-notable-because-of-the-im.md) _Context: Dragon, Falcon 9, International Space Station, SpaceX_
3. [After months of delays, American company SpaceX successfully launches its unmanned Dragon spacecraft aboard a Falcon 9 rocket, beginning a test mission to the International Space Station (ISS). ](/news/2012/05/22/after-months-of-delays-american-company-spacex-successfully-launches-its-unmanned-dragon-spacecraft-aboard-a-falcon-9-rocket-beginning-a-t.md) _Context: Falcon 9, International Space Station, SpaceX_
4. [SpaceX successfully launches the EchoStar 23 satellite, a Direct-to-home television broadcast services for Brazil, into a geosynchronous transfer orbit, using the fully expendable version of their Falcon 9 launch vehicle. ](/news/2017/03/16/spacex-successfully-launches-the-echostar-23-satellite-a-direct-to-home-television-broadcast-services-for-brazil-into-a-geosynchronous-tra.md) _Context: Falcon 9, SpaceX_
5. [SpaceX returns to flight by placing 10 Iridium NEXT satellites in orbit and successfully recovering the first stage of its Falcon 9 launcher on a droneship. ](/news/2017/01/15/spacex-returns-to-flight-by-placing-10-iridium-next-satellites-in-orbit-and-successfully-recovering-the-first-stage-of-its-falcon-9-launcher.md) _Context: Falcon 9, SpaceX_
6. [A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket explodes during a routine firing test at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. SpaceX say there were no injuries, but that an "anomaly" during the static fire test resulted in the loss of the rocket and the Israeli Amos-6 communication satellite it was carrying. ](/news/2016/09/1/a-spacex-falcon-9-rocket-explodes-during-a-routine-firing-test-at-cape-canaveral-air-force-station-in-florida-spacex-say-there-were-no-inju.md) _Context: Falcon 9, SpaceX_
7. [SpaceX successfully lands another Falcon 9 First stage onto a floating barge for the second time. It was carrying a Japanese communications satellite JCSAT-14, which was successfully put into geostationary orbit. ](/news/2016/05/6/spacex-successfully-lands-another-falcon-9-first-stage-onto-a-floating-barge-for-the-second-time-it-was-carrying-a-japanese-communications.md) _Context: Falcon 9, SpaceX_
8. [SpaceX  launches a NASA cargo run to the International Space Station, and in a spaceflight first, successfully lands its reusable main-stage booster on an autonomous spaceport drone ship. ](/news/2016/04/8/spacex-launches-a-nasa-cargo-run-to-the-international-space-station-and-in-a-spaceflight-first-successfully-lands-its-reusable-main-stage.md) _Context: International Space Station, SpaceX_
9. [A Russian space capsule reaches the International Space Station allowing resupply of provisions after the crash of the SpaceX space capsule last week. ](/news/2015/07/5/a-russian-space-capsule-reaches-the-international-space-station-allowing-resupply-of-provisions-after-the-crash-of-the-spacex-space-capsule.md) _Context: International Space Station, SpaceX_
10. [An unmanned Space-X Falcon 9 space rocket explodes 2 minutes after take-off from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. The rocket was on a resupply mission to the International Space Station. This is the third such incident in a year. ](/news/2015/06/28/an-unmanned-space-x-falcon-9-space-rocket-explodes-2-minutes-after-take-off-from-cape-canaveral-air-force-station-in-florida-the-rocket-was.md) _Context: Falcon 9, International Space Station_
