### [2017-02-19](/news/2017/02/19/index.md)

# Two top level officials overseeing South Sudan's military courts resign from their posts, accusing the government of interfering in the court's moves to discipline soldiers accused of rape and murder. The resignations come less than a week after a military general and the Minister of Labour resigned in protest of President Salva Kiir Mayardit's alleged approval of atrocities against civilians not belonging to the Dinka group. 

A brigadier general and colonel detail atrocities in damning resignation letters addressed to president.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/02/south-sudan-military-officials-quit-war-crimes-170219044322004.html)

### Related:

1. [Former Vice President and opposition leader Riek Machar says he will return to the capital Juba on April 18 to form a transitional government with President Salva Kiir Mayardit in the hopes of bringing peace to South Sudan after their acrimonious split ignited more than two years of war. ](/news/2016/04/7/former-vice-president-and-opposition-leader-riek-machar-says-he-will-return-to-the-capital-juba-on-april-18-to-form-a-transitional-governmen.md) _Context: Salva Kiir Mayardit, South Sudan, South Sudanese Civil War_
2. [Clashes between government troops and rebels in South Sudan, leave at least 56 people killed. ](/news/2016/10/17/clashes-between-government-troops-and-rebels-in-south-sudan-leave-at-least-56-people-killed.md) _Context: South Sudan, South Sudanese Civil War_
3. [Five soldiers between the two rival Sudan People's Liberation Army factions are killed in clashes in the capital Juba, with reports of heavy gunfire continuing, despite President Salva Kiir Mayardit and rebel leader Riek Machar having reached a peace deal back in April. ](/news/2016/07/8/five-soldiers-between-the-two-rival-sudan-people-s-liberation-army-factions-are-killed-in-clashes-in-the-capital-juba-with-reports-of-heavy.md) _Context: Salva Kiir Mayardit, South Sudanese Civil War_
4. [The United States deploys more than three dozen soldiers to Juba, South Sudan, to protect the U.S. embassy and help evacuate non-essential embassy staff due to local clashes. ](/news/2016/07/13/the-united-states-deploys-more-than-three-dozen-soldiers-to-juba-south-sudan-to-protect-the-u-s-embassy-and-help-evacuate-non-essential-e.md) _Context: South Sudan, South Sudanese Civil War_
5. [After five days of fighting that left 272 people dead and thousands more displaced in the capital, Juba, President Salva Kiir Mayardit and rebel leader and Vice-President Riek Machar declare a ceasefire. ](/news/2016/07/12/after-five-days-of-fighting-that-left-272-people-dead-and-thousands-more-displaced-in-the-capital-juba-president-salva-kiir-mayardit-and-r.md) _Context: Salva Kiir Mayardit, South Sudanese Civil War_
6. [U.S. Special Envoy to South Sudan Donald E. Booth said that the United States would consider imposing sanctions or an arms embargo on South Sudan's leaders if they fail to form and cooperate in a proposed unity government to end the country's civil war. ](/news/2016/04/28/u-s-special-envoy-to-south-sudan-donald-e-booth-said-that-the-united-states-would-consider-imposing-sanctions-or-an-arms-embargo-on-south.md) _Context: South Sudan, South Sudanese Civil War_
7. [Rebel leader Riek Machar misses an international deadline to return to the capital Juba to take the post of Vice President. Machar was offered the position by President Salva Kiir Mayardit in the hopes of putting an end to the civil war but has repeatedly delayed his return. ](/news/2016/04/23/rebel-leader-riek-machar-misses-an-international-deadline-to-return-to-the-capital-juba-to-take-the-post-of-vice-president-machar-was-offer.md) _Context: Salva Kiir Mayardit, South Sudanese Civil War_
8. [A new United Nations report on South Sudan describes one of the most horrendous human rights situations in the world, in particular by Government forces, including use of rape as a widespread weapon of war and recommends the U.N. Security Council consider imposing a comprehensive arms embargo on South Sudan and referring the matter to the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2016/03/11/a-new-united-nations-report-on-south-sudan-describes-one-of-the-most-horrendous-human-rights-situations-in-the-world-in-particular-by-gover.md) _Context: South Sudan, South Sudanese Civil War_
9. [A long-awaited report released by an African Union investigative team led by former Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo describes atrocities and the discovery of mass graves in South Sudan, citing government forces and their allies as responsible parties. ](/news/2015/10/29/a-long-awaited-report-released-by-an-african-union-investigative-team-led-by-former-nigerian-president-olusegun-obasanjo-describes-atrocitie.md) _Context: South Sudan, South Sudanese Civil War_
10. [Fighting resumes in South Sudan after the failure to reach a deal between tribes loyal to the president and tribes loyal to the former vice-president. ](/news/2015/08/19/fighting-resumes-in-south-sudan-after-the-failure-to-reach-a-deal-between-tribes-loyal-to-the-president-and-tribes-loyal-to-the-former-vice.md) _Context: South Sudan, South Sudanese Civil War_
