### [2004-02-4](/news/2004/02/4/index.md)

#  Same-sex marriage in Massachusetts: The Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court, the state supreme court of Massachusetts, issues a response to a Massachusetts Senate question about instituting civil unions, such as the civil unions on Vermont, would meet the requirements of the 4-3 decision in "Goodridge v. Department of Public Health" issued in November 2003. The Court responds that such civil unions would not be sufficient to comply with "Goodridge", in which the Court held that not allowing same-sex couples to marry violated the Massachusetts Constitution. White House Press Secretary Scott McClellan states that the Bush administration is reviewing the decision, that the Court's ruling is "deeply troubling", and that President Bush is "firmly committed to protecting and defending" marriage.




### Related:

1. [ Former White House Press Secretary Scott McClellan claims that United States President George W. Bush was involved in the Plame affair. ](/news/2007/11/21/former-white-house-press-secretary-scott-mcclellan-claims-that-united-states-president-george-w-bush-was-involved-in-the-plame-affair.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Scott McClellan, White House Press Secretary_
2. [ White House Press Secretary Scott McClellan announces his resignation. Karl Rove is expected to lose his position as Deputy Chief of Staff for political development. President George W. Bush tries to shake up his cabinet because of the mid-term elections in November. ](/news/2006/04/19/white-house-press-secretary-scott-mcclellan-announces-his-resignation-karl-rove-is-expected-to-lose-his-position-as-deputy-chief-of-staff.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Scott McClellan, White House Press Secretary_
3. [ Same-sex marriage in the United States: The Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court rules 4-3 in "Goodridge v. Department of Public Health" that the state's non-recognition of same-sex marriage is unconstitutional and gives the state legislature 180 days to change the law.](/news/2003/11/18/same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-the-massachusetts-supreme-judicial-court-rules-4a3-in-goodridge-v-department-of-public-health.md) _Context: Goodridge v. Department of Public Health, Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court, same-sex marriage_
4. [Chilean President Michelle Bachelet sends a bill to Congress for the legalization of same-sex marriage in Chile and adoption by same-sex couples, two years after recognizing civil unions for both same-gender and different-gender couples. ](/news/2017/08/28/chilean-president-michelle-bachelet-sends-a-bill-to-congress-for-the-legalization-of-same-sex-marriage-in-chile-and-adoption-by-same-sex-cou.md) _Context: civil union, same-sex marriage_
5. [ The General Assembly legalizes same-sex marriage in Vermont, United States. ](/news/2009/04/7/the-general-assembly-legalizes-same-sex-marriage-in-vermont-united-states.md) _Context: legalizes, same-sex marriage_
6. [ The Governor of Massachusetts Deval Patrick signs legislation allowing gay and lesbian couples from other states to get married in Massachusetts. ](/news/2008/07/31/the-governor-of-massachusetts-deval-patrick-signs-legislation-allowing-gay-and-lesbian-couples-from-other-states-to-get-married-in-massachu.md) _Context: Massachusetts, to get married_
7. [ In observance of Captive Nations Week, there was a brief ceremony and laying of a wreath today at the Victims of Communism Memorial, Massachusetts and New Jersey Avenues, NW, Washington, D.C.. On 10 July, George W. Bush issued a Proclamation, designating July 15 through 21 as Captive Nations Week and called upon the American people to reaffirm the country's "commitment to all those seeking liberty, justice and self-determination." This year marks the 49th observance of Captive Nations Week. ](/news/2007/07/10/in-observance-of-captive-nations-week-there-was-a-brief-ceremony-and-laying-of-a-wreath-today-at-the-victims-of-communism-memorial-massac.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Massachusetts_
8. [ U.S. President George W. Bush criticises the disclosure of a program to monitor financial transactions by suspected terrorists as "disgraceful". White House Press Secretary Tony Snow also states that news organizations, including the "New York Times," should think if "the public's right to know, in some cases, might override somebody's right to live..." ](/news/2006/06/26/u-s-president-george-w-bush-criticises-the-disclosure-of-a-program-to-monitor-financial-transactions-by-suspected-terrorists-as-disgrace.md) _Context: George W. Bush, White House Press Secretary_
9. [ The Massachusetts General Court rejects a proposed amendment to ban Same-sex marriage in Massachusetts by a vote of 157-39, meaning that Massachusetts will remain the only state in the United States to allow gay marriage.](/news/2005/09/14/the-massachusetts-general-court-rejects-a-proposed-amendment-to-ban-same-sex-marriage-in-massachusetts-by-a-vote-of-157-39-meaning-that-ma.md) _Context: Massachusetts, to get married_
10. [ In Washington, D.C., Presidential Press Secretary Scott McClellan refused for the second day in a row to respond to reporters' questions about Newsweek's revelation that Karl Rove disclosed the identity of CIA agent Valerie Plame. McClellan had asserted Rove's innocence on many occasions in the past. The President, at a photo-op today, ignored reporters who asked if his pledge to fire any staffer involved was still operative. ](/news/2005/07/12/in-washington-d-c-presidential-press-secretary-scott-mcclellan-refused-for-the-second-day-in-a-row-to-respond-to-reporters-questions-ab.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Scott McClellan_
