### [2004-02-4](/news/2004/02/4/index.md)

#  The European Space Agency announces plans to send humans and robot probes to the Moon and Mars over the next three decades.




### Related:

1. [The European Space Agency-Roscosmos operated Schiaparelli EDM lander successfully separates from the ExoMars Trace Gas Orbiter spacecraft, beginning a three-day descent to the surface of Mars. ](/news/2016/10/16/the-european-space-agency-roscosmos-operated-schiaparelli-edm-lander-successfully-separates-from-the-exomars-trace-gas-orbiter-spacecraft-b.md) _Context: European Space Agency, Mars_
2. [The European Space Agency claims to have made contact with Russia's stranded Fobos-Grunt probe, two days after the closure of the spacecraft's window for launch to Mars. ](/news/2011/11/23/the-european-space-agency-claims-to-have-made-contact-with-russia-s-stranded-fobos-grunt-probe-two-days-after-the-closure-of-the-spacecraft.md) _Context: European Space Agency, Mars_
3. [ The United States and Russia sign a pact to use Russian technology on NASA missions to hunt for water on the moon and Mars. ](/news/2007/10/3/the-united-states-and-russia-sign-a-pact-to-use-russian-technology-on-nasa-missions-to-hunt-for-water-on-the-moon-and-mars.md) _Context: Mars, Moon_
4. [ The European Space Agency's Mars Express orbiter directly detects water ice in the southern polar region of the planet Mars.](/news/2004/01/23/the-european-space-agency-s-mars-express-orbiter-directly-detects-water-ice-in-the-southern-polar-region-of-the-planet-mars.md) _Context: European Space Agency, Mars_
5. [ The European Space Agency releases detailed colour images of the surface of Mars, taken by its orbiting Mars Express probe.](/news/2004/01/19/the-european-space-agency-releases-detailed-colour-images-of-the-surface-of-mars-taken-by-its-orbiting-mars-express-probe.md) _Context: European Space Agency, Mars_
6. [ The British spacecraft Beagle 2 successfully separates from the ESA's Mars Express orbiter and is now less than 10 days away from its scheduled landing on the surface of Mars; it will attempt to parachute onto the surface on Christmas morning. ](/news/2003/12/19/the-british-spacecraft-beagle-2-successfully-separates-from-the-esa-s-mars-express-orbiter-and-is-now-less-than-10-days-away-from-its-sched.md) _Context: European Space Agency, Mars_
7. [ Europe launches its first voyage to another planet, Mars. The European Space Agency's Mars Express probe launches from the Baikonur space centre in Kazakhstan.](/news/2003/06/2/europe-launches-its-first-voyage-to-another-planet-mars-the-european-space-agency-s-mars-express-probe-launches-from-the-baikonur-space-c.md) _Context: European Space Agency, Mars_
8. [ A rare conjunction occurs on the New Moon including all seven of the traditional celestial bodies known from ancient times up until 1781 with the discovery of Uranus. The conjunction consists of the Sun and Moon, Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter, and Saturn.([http://nssdc.gsfc.nasa.gov/planetary/alignment.html NASA])](/news/2000/05/5/a-rare-conjunction-occurs-on-the-new-moon-including-all-seven-of-the-traditional-celestial-bodies-known-from-ancient-times-up-until-1781-wi.md) _Context: Mars, Moon_
9. [A rare astronomical conjunction occurs on the New Moon including all seven of the traditional celestial bodies known from ancient times until the discovery of Uranus in 1781; this conjunction consists of the Sun and Moon, Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter and Saturn.](/news/2000/05/4/a-rare-astronomical-conjunction-occurs-on-the-new-moon-including-all-seven-of-the-traditional-celestial-bodies-known-from-ancient-times-unti.md) _Context: Mars, Moon_
10. [Asteroid 3122 Florence, which is roughly 2.7 miles (4.4 kilometers) wide, comes within 4.4 million miles (7 million km) of Earth -- approximately 18 times the distance from our planet to the Moon. ](/news/2017/09/1/asteroid-3122-florence-which-is-roughly-2-7-miles-4-4-kilometers-wide-comes-within-4-4-million-miles-7-million-km-of-earth-a-approxi.md) _Context: Moon_
