### [2003-09-15](/news/2003/09/15/index.md)

#  Chechen suicide attacks: A powerful truck bomb explodes near the branch office of the Federal Security Service of the Russian Federation in Magas, the capital of Ingushetia, which borders separatist Chechnya. Reports say three people were killed and more than 20 injured.




### Related:

1. [A group of nine human rights activists and journalists, heading to Grozny, Chechnya, in a small bus, are attacked on the Kavkaz federal highway near the Ordzhonikidzovskaya settlement at the Ingushetia border. About 20 masked men assaulted the group, confiscated some mobile phones, and set their vehicle on fire. Two of the journalists, the NGO lawyer, and the bus driver were hospitalized. A Committee to Prevent Torture representative said this is the first press tour that was not organized by the Chechen government. ](/news/2016/03/9/a-group-of-nine-human-rights-activists-and-journalists-heading-to-grozny-chechnya-in-a-small-bus-are-attacked-on-the-kavkaz-federal-high.md) _Context: Chechnya, Ingushetia_
2. [ Nine Chechen policeman are killed after their vehicle is attacked in neighbouring Ingushetia, southern Russia. ](/news/2009/07/4/nine-chechen-policeman-are-killed-after-their-vehicle-is-attacked-in-neighbouring-ingushetia-southern-russia.md) _Context: Chechnya, Ingushetia_
3. [ An explosion in Ingushetia near the Chechen border kills four Russian police officers. ](/news/2007/08/31/an-explosion-in-ingushetia-near-the-chechen-border-kills-four-russian-police-officers.md) _Context: Chechnya, Ingushetia_
4. [At least 18 people are killed and 6 others injured in a car bomb explosion in Khost, eastern Afghanistan. ](/news/2017/05/27/at-least-18-people-are-killed-and-6-others-injured-in-a-car-bomb-explosion-in-khost-eastern-afghanistan.md) _Context: car bomb_
5. [Russian authorities arrest more than 100 gay men in Chechnya, including television personalities and religious figures, for "nontraditional sexual orientation." The "Novaya Gazeta" newspaper reported that three of the arrested men have been killed, while others reportedly were released for family honor killing. Chechen Republic leader Ramzan Kadyrov's spokesperson said this report contains "absolute lies and disinformation" since there are no homosexuals in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/04/3/russian-authorities-arrest-more-than-100-gay-men-in-chechnya-including-television-personalities-and-religious-figures-for-nontraditional.md) _Context: Chechnya_
6. [A car bomb attack on a police checkpoint in Baghdad kills at least 15 people and injures 40 others. ](/news/2017/03/29/a-car-bomb-attack-on-a-police-checkpoint-in-baghdad-kills-at-least-15-people-and-injures-40-others.md) _Context: car bomb_
7. [Six Chechen soldiers, along with six militants, are killed in a nighttime attack on a Russian National Guard base in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/03/24/six-chechen-soldiers-along-with-six-militants-are-killed-in-a-nighttime-attack-on-a-russian-national-guard-base-in-chechnya.md) _Context: Chechnya_
8. [A car bomb explodes at a checkpoint near the Villa Somalia, the President of Somalia Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed's official residence in Mogadishu, killing at least five people. ](/news/2017/03/21/a-car-bomb-explodes-at-a-checkpoint-near-the-villa-somalia-the-president-of-somalia-mohamed-abdullahi-mohamed-s-official-residence-in-mogad.md) _Context: car bomb_
9. [Two suicide bombings, one using a car bomb and another with an explosive belt, take place in vegetable markets in eastern Baghdad, killing at least 20 people and injuring more than 50. The Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/01/8/two-suicide-bombings-one-using-a-car-bomb-and-another-with-an-explosive-belt-take-place-in-vegetable-markets-in-eastern-baghdad-killing-a.md) _Context: car bomb_
10. [At least two police officers and three suspected militants are killed during a gunfight in Shali, Chechnya. ](/news/2017/01/30/at-least-two-police-officers-and-three-suspected-militants-are-killed-during-a-gunfight-in-shali-chechnya.md) _Context: Chechnya_
