### [2003-09-15](/news/2003/09/15/index.md)

#  German Interior Minister Otto Schily warns of a rise in the threat of neo-Nazis in Germany. The discovery of a suspected plot to bomb a Munich Jewish centre during a visit by the German president has "dramatically confirmed" the danger to society.




### Related:

1. [Germany says the laptop bag containing an explosive simulation training device found at Namibia's main airport during loading of a flight to Munich was part of a security test, a day after German Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere issued a warning of possible terror attacks next week. ](/news/2010/11/19/germany-says-the-laptop-bag-containing-an-explosive-simulation-training-device-found-at-namibia-s-main-airport-during-loading-of-a-flight-to.md) _Context: German Interior Minister, Munich_
2. [Internet firm CloudFlare ceased CDN support for the neo-Nazi, white supremacist website "The Daily Stormer", after The "Daily Stormer" claimed that the company supported their cause. "The Daily Stormer" website had already lost web-hosting services by the domain register GoDaddy and Google ](/news/2017/08/17/internet-firm-cloudflare-ceased-cdn-support-for-the-neo-nazi-white-supremacist-website-the-daily-stormer-after-the-daily-stormer-claim.md) _Context: neo-Nazi_
3. [Several internet companies, such as domain registrar GoDaddy and video game chat application Discord, shut down services for neo-Nazi, white supremacist, alt-right website "The Daily Stormer" for violation of terms of service, and in response to this weekend's violence in Charlottesville, Virginia. ](/news/2017/08/14/several-internet-companies-such-as-domain-registrar-godaddy-and-video-game-chat-application-discord-shut-down-services-for-neo-nazi-white.md) _Context: neo-Nazi_
4. [A shooting occurs at a local train station in the Unterfohring suburb of Munich, Germany. The assailant shot a police officer in the head; she is in critical condition. Backup police engaged in a shootout where the suspect and two bystanders were injured. Police do not believe this is a terrorist attack. ](/news/2017/06/13/a-shooting-occurs-at-a-local-train-station-in-the-unterfaphring-suburb-of-munich-germany-the-assailant-shot-a-police-officer-in-the-head.md) _Context: Munich_
5. [In a speech in Munich, Angela Merkel says that Europe must not rely on its former allies. ](/news/2017/05/28/in-a-speech-in-munich-angela-merkel-says-that-europe-must-not-rely-on-its-former-allies.md) _Context: Munich_
6. [Former Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier is elected President of Germany. ](/news/2017/02/12/former-foreign-minister-frank-walter-steinmeier-is-elected-president-of-germany.md) _Context: President of Germany_
7. [German police detain two suspects with over 150kg of pyrotechnic explosives and an IED inscribed with a swastika and SS runes, stating the two may have a connection to a neo-Nazi terrorist group. ](/news/2017/01/14/german-police-detain-two-suspects-with-over-150kg-of-pyrotechnic-explosives-and-an-ied-inscribed-with-a-swastika-and-ss-runes-stating-the-t.md) _Context: neo-Nazi_
8. [Munich Police Chief Hubertus Andrae identifies the attacker as a dual national, 18-year-old Iranian-German who apparently acted alone. He was found dead of a suspected self-inflicted gunshot wound to his head. ](/news/2016/07/23/munich-police-chief-hubertus-andrae-identifies-the-attacker-as-a-dual-national-18-year-old-iranian-german-who-apparently-acted-alone-he-wa.md) _Context: Munich_
9. [Ten people, including the gunman, are killed and 21 wounded in a shooting in and around the Olympia-Einkaufszentrum shopping mall in the Moosach district of Munich, Germany, next to the Olympic stadium.](/news/2016/07/22/ten-people-including-the-gunman-are-killed-and-21-wounded-in-a-shooting-in-and-around-the-olympia-einkaufszentrum-shopping-mall-in-the-moo.md) _Context: Munich_
10. [Suspected Neo-Nazis attack people at a vegan cafe with slabs of meat in Tbilisi, Georgia. ](/news/2016/06/1/suspected-neo-nazis-attack-people-at-a-vegan-cafe-with-slabs-of-meat-in-tbilisi-georgia.md) _Context: neo-Nazi_
