### [2003-09-15](/news/2003/09/15/index.md)

#  The United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit in San Francisco rules unanimously that the California gubernatorial recall election be postponed because several large counties, including Los Angeles County, have not upgraded their voting machines to replace the punched card systems which have consistently resulted in a significant number of uncountable votes (and thus unrepresented citizens).




### Related:

1. [ California recall: An 11-judge panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit overturns the earlier ruling of a three-judge panel and reinstates October 7 as the date of the California gubernatorial recall election. The American Civil Liberties Union, whose suit was responsible for the original decision, will not appeal to the Supreme Court.](/news/2003/09/23/california-recall-an-11-judge-panel-of-the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-ninth-circuit-overturns-the-earlier-ruling-of-a-three-ju.md) _Context: California gubernatorial recall election, United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
2. [The United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit rejects the Trump administration arguments regarding the travel ban on grandparents, cousins and others with a "bona fide" relationship in the United States. ](/news/2017/09/7/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-ninth-circuit-rejects-the-trump-administration-arguments-regarding-the-travel-ban-on-grandparents.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
3. [Raytheon wins the dismissal of a USD$1 billion whistleblower lawsuit accusing the defense contractor of over billing the U.S. government on a contract for satellite sensors, nearly 18 months after the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit revived the case. ](/news/2017/08/3/raytheon-wins-the-dismissal-of-a-usd-1-billion-whistleblower-lawsuit-accusing-the-defense-contractor-of-over-billing-the-u-s-government-on.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
4. [A request by the state of Hawaii to issue an order blocking President Donald Trump's Executive Order 13780 is rejected in the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. ](/news/2017/07/7/a-request-by-the-state-of-hawaii-to-issue-an-order-blocking-president-donald-trump-s-executive-order-13780-is-rejected-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
5. [The United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit in San Francisco hears a case on whether or not a Celebes crested macaque owns its selfie. ](/news/2017/07/12/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-ninth-circuit-in-san-francisco-hears-a-case-on-whether-or-not-a-celebes-crested-macaque-owns-its.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
6. [A Ninth Circuit Appeals Court panel unanimously upholds the Hawaii district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780. On May 25, the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court affirmed a similar ruling by the Maryland district court. ](/news/2017/06/12/a-ninth-circuit-appeals-court-panel-unanimously-upholds-the-hawaii-district-court-decision-to-prevent-implementation-of-revised-executive-or.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
7. [The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-may-25-ruling-that-affirmed-the.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
8. [The appeal of the Trump administration is denied as the 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals said it would not block a lower-court ruling that brought the president's executive order to a halt. ](/news/2017/02/9/the-appeal-of-the-trump-administration-is-denied-as-the-9th-us-circuit-court-of-appeals-said-it-would-not-block-a-lower-court-ruling-that-br.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
9. [The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals holds a hearing, by telephone, for the U.S. Justice Department and plaintiffs (states of Washington and Minnesota) arguments whether or not to reinstate the travel ban suspended on Friday by U.S. District Court Judge James Robart. Judge Michelle Friedland states the court will work to deliver its decision quickly. ](/news/2017/02/7/the-ninth-circuit-court-of-appeals-holds-a-hearing-by-telephone-for-the-u-s-justice-department-and-plaintiffs-states-of-washington-and-m.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
10. [Trump's travel ban remains suspended as the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denies the Justice Department's request to stay the ruling which blocks major portions of the executive order. ](/news/2017/02/5/trump-s-travel-ban-remains-suspended-as-the-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-ninth-circuit-denies-the-justice-department-s-request-to-stay-the.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
