### [2006-08-6](/news/2006/08/6/index.md)

#  Tajikistan President Emomali Rahmonov began a state visit to India. 




### Source:

1. [IRNA](http://www.irna.ir/en/news/view/menu-235/0608064679164714.htm)

### Related:

1. [ A powerful,  magnitude 7.2 earthquake has shaken Tajikistan. It was felt as far away as India, Pakistan, and  Afghanistan. No damage or  casualties have been reported as the epicenter lies within the vast Badakhshan national park. The US Geological Survey describes the area as one of the "most seismically hazardous regions on Earth" because of tectonic activity along shifting fault lines.  ](/news/2015/12/7/a-powerful-magnitude-7-2-earthquake-has-shaken-tajikistan-it-was-felt-as-far-away-as-india-pakistan-and-afghanistan-no-damage-or-ca.md) _Context: India, Tajikistan_
2. [ Tajikistan begins reconstructing the Dushanbe-Chanak highway after the Government of China agrees to loan the Tajik Government $281.2 million of the $296 million reconstruction costs. Tajik President Emomali Rahmonov said, "the Great Silk Route will return to live." ](/news/2006/07/11/tajikistan-begins-reconstructing-the-dushanbe-chanak-highway-after-the-government-of-china-agrees-to-loan-the-tajik-government-281-2-milli.md) _Context: Emomali Rahmonov, Tajikistan_
3. [A train derails near Muzaffarnagar, Uttar Pradesh, India, resulting in at least 20 deaths and 120 injuries. The death toll is expected to rise further. ](/news/2017/08/19/a-train-derails-near-muzaffarnagar-uttar-pradesh-india-resulting-in-at-least-20-deaths-and-120-injuries-the-death-toll-is-expected-to-ri.md) _Context: India_
4. [Flooding in South Asia has displaced tens of thousands of people and resulted in an estimated 500 deaths across India, Bangladesh, and Nepal. ](/news/2017/08/18/flooding-in-south-asia-has-displaced-tens-of-thousands-of-people-and-resulted-in-an-estimated-500-deaths-across-india-bangladesh-and-nepal.md) _Context: India_
5. [India announces that it is to deport an estimated 40,000 Rohingya refugees including 14,000 of those registered with the U.N. refugee agency. In the months leading up to the announcement, a string of anti-Rohingya protests had been held in the country.](/news/2017/08/14/india-announces-that-it-is-to-deport-an-estimated-40-000-rohingya-refugees-including-14-000-of-those-registered-with-the-u-n-refugee-agency.md) _Context: India_
6. [India increases its military alert amid a border standoff with the People's Liberation Army of China at Doklam. ](/news/2017/08/12/india-increases-its-military-alert-amid-a-border-standoff-with-the-people-s-liberation-army-of-china-at-doklam.md) _Context: India_
7. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: India_
8. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
9. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
10. [At least 17 people are killed in a building collapse in the Indian city of Mumbai with at least 13 injured and twelve people unaccounted for. ](/news/2017/07/26/at-least-17-people-are-killed-in-a-building-collapse-in-the-indian-city-of-mumbai-with-at-least-13-injured-and-twelve-people-unaccounted-for.md) _Context: India_
