### [2006-08-6](/news/2006/08/6/index.md)

#  The Deby administration of Chad establishes official relations with the People's Republic of China. Chad had recognized the Republic of China (Taiwan) from 1997-2006. Chadian diplomats cited the prospects of greater financial investments and the PRC status in the United Nations Security Council as the principal factors motivating the diplomatic shift. 




### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601080&sid=aoRfM.l7U2u0)

### Related:

1. [ The Republic of China (Taiwan) severs diplomatic relations with Chad reducing the number of countries maintaining official relations with it to 24. The ROC foreign ministry cited Chad's intention to establish relations with the People's Republic of China as the reason. ](/news/2006/08/5/the-republic-of-china-taiwan-severs-diplomatic-relations-with-chad-reducing-the-number-of-countries-maintaining-official-relations-with-i.md) _Context: Chad, China's, Taiwan_
2. [The People's Republic of China urges North Korea to abide by a United Nations Security Council resolution that bans the North from conducting ballistic missile tests, two days after Pyongyang claimed it conducted a test from a submarine. ](/news/2016/04/25/the-people-s-republic-of-china-urges-north-korea-to-abide-by-a-united-nations-security-council-resolution-that-bans-the-north-from-conductin.md) _Context: China's, United Nations Security Council_
3. [Eleven (11) of 15 United Nations Security Council members approve placing North Korea's human rights record on the Council's agenda. Russia and China oppose the decision while Chad and Nigeria abstain. This is the first time this issue has been debated by the Security Council. Procedurally, once a topic makes the agenda, that issue can be brought up again at any time. ](/news/2014/12/22/eleven-11-of-15-united-nations-security-council-members-approve-placing-north-korea-s-human-rights-record-on-the-council-s-agenda-russia.md) _Context: Chad, United Nations Security Council_
4. [Chad, Chile, Lithuania, Nigeria and Saudi Arabia are elected to the United Nations Security Council for a two-year term, starting on January 1, 2014. ](/news/2013/10/17/chad-chile-lithuania-nigeria-and-saudi-arabia-are-elected-to-the-united-nations-security-council-for-a-two-year-term-starting-on-january.md) _Context: Chad, United Nations Security Council_
5. [The UN Security Council holds a closed-door session to discuss new sanctions against North Korea following reports of an agreement on a draft resolution between the United States and China. North Korea announces plans to nullify the armistice agreement that ended the Korean War. ](/news/2013/03/5/the-un-security-council-holds-a-closed-door-session-to-discuss-new-sanctions-against-north-korea-following-reports-of-an-agreement-on-a-draf.md) _Context: China's, United Nations Security Council_
6. [Arab Spring:2011-2012 Syrian uprising:The United Nations Security Council votes on an Arab League proposal to resolve problems in Syria with reports of hundreds of people dead in the past couple of days as a result of shelling in Homs - the People's Republic of China and Russia veto the resolution.  ](/news/2012/02/4/arab-spring-p2011a2012-syrian-uprising-pthe-united-nations-security-council-votes-on-an-arab-league-proposal-to-resolve-problems-in-syria.md) _Context: China's, United Nations Security Council_
7. [Russia and the People's Republic of China veto a United Nations Security Council resolution condemning Syria for a crackdown on political protestors. ](/news/2011/10/4/russia-and-the-people-s-republic-of-china-veto-a-united-nations-security-council-resolution-condemning-syria-for-a-crackdown-on-political-pr.md) _Context: China's, United Nations Security Council_
8. [Hundreds of Mainland Chinese and Taiwanese people are arrested in several countries across Asia during a crackdown on a telephone scam network. ](/news/2011/06/10/hundreds-of-mainland-chinese-and-taiwanese-people-are-arrested-in-several-countries-across-asia-during-a-crackdown-on-a-telephone-scam-netwo.md) _Context: China's, Taiwan_
9. [Military prosecutors in Taiwan indict a senior general on charges of spying for China. ](/news/2011/05/20/military-prosecutors-in-taiwan-indict-a-senior-general-on-charges-of-spying-for-china.md) _Context: China's, Taiwan_
10. [Taiwan says it will end restrictions on Philippine workers imposed after a row over the deportation of 14 Taiwanese to mainland China. ](/news/2011/03/9/taiwan-says-it-will-end-restrictions-on-philippine-workers-imposed-after-a-row-over-the-deportation-of-14-taiwanese-to-mainland-china.md) _Context: China's, Taiwan_
