### [2008-09-13](/news/2008/09/13/index.md)

#  2008 South Ossetia war: Russians troops leave west, but remain in Georgia. 

Damages in civil infrastructure estimated at 1.5 to 2 billion dollars. Western countries pledging aid to Georgia – 3.5-4 billion USD - writes Wojtek Szpociński, Institute of Eastern Studies/Economic Forum, School of Commerce and Law


### Source:

1. [Press Trust of India](http://www.ptinews.com/pti%5Cptisite.nsf/0/746F711DE3078730652574C300267B8C?OpenDocument)
2. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/2008-09/07/content_9817284.htm)
3. [AP via Google News](http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5gDNLWfQWKrQc48pITBUg9KT_6oVwD936137G0)
4. [Rustavi 2](http://rustavi2.com/news/news_text.php?id_news=27876&pg=1&im=main&ct=0&wth=)
5. [Rustavi 2](http://rustavi2.com/news/news_text.php?id_news=27875&pg=1&im=main&ct=0&wth=)
6. [RP](http://www.rp.pl/artykul/172846,189329_The_true_price_of_war_in_Georgia_.html)

### Related:

1. [Georgia welcomes the ICC's investigation into alleged war crimes committed during the 2008 South Ossetia war, which will be the first inquiry by the ICC into possible abuses by Moscow and/or Georgia. ](/news/2016/01/28/georgia-welcomes-the-icc-s-investigation-into-alleged-war-crimes-committed-during-the-2008-south-ossetia-war-which-will-be-the-first-inquir.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war_
2. [The President of Russia Dmitry Medvedev states that the decision to go to war with Georgia in 2008 prevented the eastward enlargement of NATO. ](/news/2011/11/21/the-president-of-russia-dmitry-medvedev-states-that-the-decision-to-go-to-war-with-georgia-in-2008-prevented-the-eastward-enlargement-of-nat.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war_
3. [Russian troops withdraw from the Georgian border town of Perevi and are replaced by a Georgian Army unit. Perevi is located just outside South Ossetia, and had been occupied since the 2008 war. ](/news/2010/10/19/russian-troops-withdraw-from-the-georgian-border-town-of-perevi-and-are-replaced-by-a-georgian-army-unit-perevi-is-located-just-outside-sou.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war_
4. [ The final report of an international fact-finding mission concludes that Georgia started the 2008 South Ossetia war. ](/news/2009/09/30/the-final-report-of-an-international-fact-finding-mission-concludes-that-georgia-started-the-2008-south-ossetia-war.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war_
5. [ Georgia accuses Russia of trying to seize more of its territory as the anniversary of the 2008 war between the two countries approaches. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/8181005.stm (BBC)].](/news/2009/08/3/georgia-accuses-russia-of-trying-to-seize-more-of-its-territory-as-the-anniversary-of-the-2008-war-between-the-two-countries-approaches-h.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war_
6. [ NATO and Russia agree to restore military ties after a 10 month period following the 2008 war in Georgia. ](/news/2009/06/27/nato-and-russia-agree-to-restore-military-ties-after-a-10-month-period-following-the-2008-war-in-georgia.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war_
7. [ NATO 2008 Brussels summit  NATO member countries decide not to offer MAP to Georgia and Ukraine, the war in South Ossetia and the Ukrainian government collapse being the main reasons.](/news/2008/12/2/nato-2008-brussels-summit-p-nato-member-countries-decide-not-to-offer-map-to-georgia-and-ukraine-the-war-in-south-ossetia-and-the-ukrainia.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war_
8. [ Aftermath of the 2008 South Ossetia war: Georgian Interior Ministry claims "shots were fired" at a convoy including Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili and Polish President Lech Kaczynski on the border of Georgia and South Ossetia. Several witnesses travelling with the convoy say they heard the automatic gunfire, though it was unclear from which direction it came. Polish Parliament spokesman later comments the incident was "not very serious at all", though "unfortunate" as it put the Polish president in an "awkward" situation.](/news/2008/11/24/aftermath-of-the-2008-south-ossetia-war-p-georgian-interior-ministry-claims-shots-were-fired-at-a-convoy-including-georgian-president-mik.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war_
9. [ Amnesty International's report on the 2008 South Ossetia war highlights Georgia's role as aggressor and notes evidence of "notoriously inaccurate" Georgian artillery fire resulting in "scores" of civilian deaths in South Ossetia, of aimed artillery fire at Russian peacekeepers base, and of Russian failure to provide defense to civilians during the conflict. ](/news/2008/11/19/amnesty-international-s-report-on-the-2008-south-ossetia-war-highlights-georgia-s-role-as-aggressor-and-notes-evidence-of-notoriously-inac.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war_
10. [  Russian President Dmitry Medvedev ordered the Defense Ministry, law enforcement agencies and the Foreign Ministry to investigate a bombing in the South Ossetian capital, Tskhinvali, on 3 October, 2008. A car, carrying weapons, was detained by Russian peacekeepers in Georian village and transported to Tskhinvali, where it exploded. EU and Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development earlier condemned this 'act of terrorism'. Georgian authorities claimed 'Russian special services' 'were behind' the blast that left 7 servicemen of Russian peacekeeping forces dead. [http://rustavi2.com/news/news_text.php?id_news=28168&pg=1&im=main&ct=0&wth= (Rustavi 2)] [http://en.rian.ru/russia/20081004/117435265.html (RIAN)] [http://www.nytimes.com/2008/10/04/world/europe/04georgia.html?_r=1&oref=slogin (NY Times)] Earlier, on October 2, an attempt of assassination of head of the Akhalgori Ossetian administration, Anatoli Margiev failed. He survived the explosion of a bomb planted on a road in Georgian village while driving to Tskhinvali, South Ossetia. [http://rustavi2.com/news/news_text.php?id_news=28148&pg=1&im=main&ct=0&wth= (Rustavi 2)]  Russian troops are dismantling positions in security zones on the border of South Ossetia and Georgia created after the war, a Georgian Interior Ministry official said. [http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5itefRLYb9OvXIY84r-iHHUPY_6pQD93KCDR00 (AP via Google News)].](/news/2008/10/5/russian-president-dmitry-medvedev-ordered-the-defense-ministry-law-enforcement-agencies-and-the-foreign-ministry-to-investigate-a-bombing.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war_
