### [2010-09-6](/news/2010/09/6/index.md)

# Avigdor Lieberman, the Israeli Foreign Affairs Minister and leader of the Yisrael Beitenu Party says that it will block any proposal to extend a freeze on settlements on the West Bank. 




### Source:

1. [Voice of America](http://www.voanews.com/english/news/middle-east/Israels-Foreign-Minister-Vows-to-Block-Settlement-Slowdown-102295934.html)

### Related:

1. [Avigdor Lieberman resigns as the Israeli Foreign Affairs Minister and as Deputy Prime Minister following an indictment for fraud. ](/news/2012/12/14/avigdor-lieberman-resigns-as-the-israeli-foreign-affairs-minister-and-as-deputy-prime-minister-following-an-indictment-for-fraud.md) _Context: Avigdor Lieberman, Foreign Affairs Minister, Israel_
2. [Israel's Justice Ministry announces that Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman, while he will not face more serious money laundering and witness tampering corruption charges, will be charged with breach of trust and fraud in connection with illegally obtaining funds from shell companies which occurred prior to his Ministry service. ](/news/2012/12/13/israel-s-justice-ministry-announces-that-foreign-minister-avigdor-lieberman-while-he-will-not-face-more-serious-money-laundering-and-witnes.md) _Context: Avigdor Lieberman, Foreign Affairs Minister, Israel_
3. [An Israeli soldier is killed during a car ramming attack near Ofra, in the West Bank. Another Israeli soldier was injured. A Palestinian suspected of committing the attack is taken into custody. ](/news/2017/04/6/an-israeli-soldier-is-killed-during-a-car-ramming-attack-near-ofra-in-the-west-bank-another-israeli-soldier-was-injured-a-palestinian-sus.md) _Context: Israel, West Bank_
4. [Israel passes the Regulation Law which retroactively legalizes 4,000 housing units in 16 settlements on Area C West Bank occupied Palestinian territories. ](/news/2017/02/6/israel-passes-the-regulation-law-which-retroactively-legalizes-4-000-housing-units-in-16-settlements-on-area-c-west-bank-occupied-palestinia.md) _Context: Israel, West Bank_
5. [Israel-United States relations: Israeli-Palestinian peace process: The White House cautions Israel that building new settlements or expanding existing settlements in the West Bank, "... may not be helpful in achieving (peace)." ](/news/2017/02/2/israel-united-states-relations-israeli-palestinian-peace-process-the-white-house-cautions-israel-that-building-new-settlements-or-expa.md) _Context: Israel, West Bank_
6. [Israeli security forces begin evicting people from the illegal Amona, Mateh Binyamin, outpost built on private Palestinian-owned land near Ramallah in the central West Bank. The Supreme Court ordered residents to leave the area last year. ](/news/2017/02/1/israeli-security-forces-begin-evicting-people-from-the-illegal-amona-mateh-binyamin-outpost-built-on-private-palestinian-owned-land-near-r.md) _Context: Israel, West Bank_
7. [Israel announces it will build an entirely new settlement in the West Bank for the first time in about twenty years. Many in the international community believe that such settlements are illegal but Israel disputes that. The settlement program is illegal under international law. ](/news/2017/02/1/israel-announces-it-will-build-an-entirely-new-settlement-in-the-west-bank-for-the-first-time-in-about-twenty-years-many-in-the-internation.md) _Context: Israel, West Bank_
8. [Israeli settlement: Israel approves the construction of 2,500 more new settlement homes in the West Bank, the most in years and the second time new homes were approved since Donald Trump was inaugurated as President of the United States. ](/news/2017/01/24/israeli-settlement-israel-approves-the-construction-of-2-500-more-new-settlement-homes-in-the-west-bank-the-most-in-years-and-the-second-t.md) _Context: Israel, West Bank_
9. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu asks Yisrael Beiteinu party leader and former Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman to be Defense Minister. Current defense minister and former army chief of staff Moshe Ya'alon's role in the future government is unclear. Leiberman is known for his hawkish and uncompromising views. ](/news/2016/05/19/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-asks-yisrael-beiteinu-party-leader-and-former-foreign-minister-avigdor-lieberman-to-be-defense-min.md) _Context: Avigdor Lieberman, Israel_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015-present): Israel seals off the West Bank and Gaza Strip for two days while Yom Ha'atzmaut (Israel's remembrance day and independence day) is celebrated. ](/news/2016/05/11/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-present-israel-seals-off-the-west-bank-and-gaza-strip-for-two-days-while-yom-ha-atzmaut-israel-s-r.md) _Context: Israel, West Bank_
