### [2010-09-6](/news/2010/09/6/index.md)

# Bernard Kouchner, the French Minister of Foreign Affairs, and the Vatican offer to assist Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani sentenced to death by stoning for adultery in Iran. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-11203939)

### Related:

1. [Iran's foreign ministry criticises state media for branding French first lady Carla Bruni as a "prostitute" over her support for Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani who faces death by stoning after being convicted of adultery. ](/news/2010/08/31/iran-s-foreign-ministry-criticises-state-media-for-branding-french-first-lady-carla-bruni-as-a-prostitute-over-her-support-for-sakineh-moh.md) _Context: French, Iran, Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani, adultery_
2. [After an official protest by German Foreign Minister, Guido Westerwelle, Iran allows access to two journalists arrested in mid-October for interviewing family members of Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani, sentenced to death by stoning for alleged adultery. ](/news/2010/12/31/after-an-official-protest-by-german-foreign-minister-guido-westerwelle-iran-allows-access-to-two-journalists-arrested-in-mid-october-for-i.md) _Context: Iran, Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani, adultery_
3. [Iran says two Germans arrested for interviewing the son of Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani, who has been sentenced to be stoned to death for adultery, have "admitted to breaking the law". ](/news/2010/10/15/iran-says-two-germans-arrested-for-interviewing-the-son-of-sakineh-mohammadi-ashtiani-who-has-been-sentenced-to-be-stoned-to-death-for-adul.md) _Context: Iran, Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani, adultery_
4. [Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani, convicted of adultery and sentenced to death in Iran, reportedly faces the whip after ''The Times'' publishes an unveiled image of political activist Susan Hejrat in the mistaken belief it is her. ](/news/2010/09/4/sakineh-mohammadi-ashtiani-convicted-of-adultery-and-sentenced-to-death-in-iran-reportedly-faces-the-whip-after-the-times-publishes-an.md) _Context: Iran, Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani, adultery_
5. [Iran says no final decision has been made on the stoning of Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani, who was convicted of adultery. ](/news/2010/08/28/iran-says-no-final-decision-has-been-made-on-the-stoning-of-sakineh-mohammadi-ashtiani-who-was-convicted-of-adultery.md) _Context: Iran, Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani, adultery_
6. [Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani, sentenced to death in Iran, "confesses" to adultery and murder in a televised broadcast. ](/news/2010/08/12/sakineh-mohammadi-ashtiani-sentenced-to-death-in-iran-confesses-to-adultery-and-murder-in-a-televised-broadcast.md) _Context: Iran, Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani, adultery_
7. [Human Rights Watch calls on Iran to stop the execution of Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani, a woman convicted of adultery. She denies the charges. ](/news/2010/07/7/human-rights-watch-calls-on-iran-to-stop-the-execution-of-sakineh-mohammadi-ashtiani-a-woman-convicted-of-adultery-she-denies-the-charges.md) _Context: Iran, Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani, adultery_
8. [ French Minister of Foreign Affairs Bernard Kouchner and his Swedish counterpart Carl Bildt pronounce their support for Serbian membership of the European Union. ](/news/2008/03/12/french-minister-of-foreign-affairs-bernard-kouchner-and-his-swedish-counterpart-carl-bildt-pronounce-their-support-for-serbian-membership-o.md) _Context: Bernard Kouchner, French, Minister of Foreign Affairs_
9. [The Vatican  is replacing Italian Archbishop Carlo Maria Vigano,  the Apostolic Nuncio to the U.S., with French-born Archbishop Christophe Pierre, currently the Apostolic Nuncio to Mexico.  Vigano, who is 75, the statutory retirement age, in 2015 arranged the unexpected  meeting between   Pope Francis and controversial Kentucky clerk Kim Davis, who refused to follow her state's law on same-sex marriage. ](/news/2016/03/17/the-vatican-is-replacing-italian-archbishop-carlo-maria-vigana2-the-apostolic-nuncio-to-the-u-s-with-french-born-archbishop-christophe.md) _Context: French, Holy See_
10. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of  talks  over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan,  the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saud.md) _Context: French, Iran_
