### [2002-10-6](/news/2002/10/6/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian conflict: In the West Bank village of Akraba, Jewish settlers fire upon Palestinians picking olives, shooting dead 24-year-old Hani Yusuf and wounding another. Israelis soldiers shoot dead Samir Nursi, an Islamic Jihad gunman, in a gun battle in the Jenin refugee camp.




### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. The IDF killed Elias al-Ashkar, the senior Islamic Jihad commander in the Jenin area who was accused of planning several suicide attacks that killed nearly 30 people, including US high-school student Daniel Wultz. Six other Palestinians were also killed. ](/news/2006/05/14/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-idf-killed-elias-al-ashkar-the-senior-islamic-jihad-commander-in-the-jenin-area-who-was-accused-of-plan.md) _Context: Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Jenin_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: An Israel Defense Forces soldier is seriously wounded and later dies of his wounds in an overnight arrest raids near the West Bank town of Jenin. ](/news/2005/11/2/israeli-palestinian-conflict-an-israel-defense-forces-soldier-is-seriously-wounded-and-later-dies-of-his-wounds-in-an-overnight-arrest-rai.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Jenin, West Bank_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: 3 Palestinian militants die following an Israeli attack in the West Bank city of Jenin. ](/news/2005/10/31/israeli-palestinian-conflict-3-palestinian-militants-die-following-an-israeli-attack-in-the-west-bank-city-of-jenin.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Jenin, West Bank_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict:. Israeli troops raid the Palestinian town of Jenin, in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/10/27/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-troops-raid-the-palestinian-town-of-jenin-in-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Jenin, West Bank_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict:. A leader of Islamic Jihad is killed in a shoot-out following an Israeli raid into the West Bank town of Jenin. ](/news/2005/10/16/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-leader-of-islamic-jihad-is-killed-in-a-shoot-out-following-an-israeli-raid-into-the-west-bank-town-of-jeni.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Jenin, West Bank_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. One Israeli is killed in West Bank ambush after Palestinian militants shot his car. The Islamic Jihad claimed responsibility, calling it retaliation for arrests of Islamic Jihad members. [http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3101323,00.html (Ynet)], [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/589578.html (Haaretz)]. An unarmed Palestinian teenager, Ihab an-Nabahin, is shot by Israelis in a closed border area of the Gaza Strip, and killed according to Palestinian sources. ([http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4110466.stm BBC]) ([http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/B65FF554-B970-4C7A-BF73-F874BA839EE4.htm Al-Jazeera]). According to the Israeli army, a Palestinian female suicide bomber was caught in the Erez Crossing, carrying explosives and a detonator in her underwear. Israeli media added that she planned to carry out a suicide bombing attack in the Soroka hospital, where she received medical treatment and was scheduled for a doctor's appointment (the army has not confirmed this.) The woman was identified as Wafa Samir Ibrahim Bass and said she was sent by the Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades. The al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades decline to comment. [http://www.haaretz.com (Haaretz NewsFlash)], [http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3101498,00.html (Ynet)] ([http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4110466.stm BBC]) ([http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/B65FF554-B970-4C7A-BF73-F874BA839EE4.htm Al-Jazeera])](/news/2005/06/20/israeli-palestinian-conflict-one-israeli-is-killed-in-west-bank-ambush-after-palestinian-militants-shot-his-car-the-islamic-jihad-claime.md) _Context: Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Israeli agents, disguised as Arabs escorting a woman in labor, raids a hospital in Hebron, West Bank, seizing a Palestinian suspected of stabbing and shooting dead his cousin. ](/news/2015/11/12/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-agents-disguised-as-arabs-escorting-a-woman-in-labor-raids-a-hospital-in-hebron-west-bank-seizing.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Palestinian political violence. Palestinian rioters set fire to the building containing Joseph's Tomb in the West Bank city of Nablus causing heavy damage to the structure before the fire is put out. Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas condemns the attack. ](/news/2015/10/16/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-political-violence-palestinian-rioters-set-fire-to-the-building-containing-joseph-s-tomb-in-the-w.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian Conflict. Palestinian political violence. Palestinians carried out three stabbing attacks against Israeli citizens and police in Jerusalem today with two of the attackers shot dead as the wave of violence continues, police said. There have been a series of stabbing attacks in Israel and the West Bank in recent days that have wounded several Israelis; nine attackers have been shot dead. Also, at least 16 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli forces during/after violent demonstrations in the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2015/10/12/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-political-violence-palestinians-carried-out-three-stabbing-attacks-against-israeli-citizens-and-p.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. Israel cancels proposed plans to build new settlements in the West Bank after US and Palestinian opposition. ](/news/2013/11/13/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-cancels-proposed-plans-to-build-new-settlements-in-the-west-bank-after-us-and-palestinian-opposition.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
