### [2011-04-16](/news/2011/04/16/index.md)

# A United Nations expert panel finds "credible allegations" which, if proven, indicate that war crimes and crimes against humanity were committed both by the Government of Sri Lanka and the LTTE in the final stages of the Sri Lankan Civil War. 

A United Nations panel has called for setting up of an “independent international mechanism” into what it called “credible” allegations that Sri Lankan military committed war crimes in its final decis


### Source:

1. [AFP/France 24](http://www.france24.com/en/20110416-leaked-un-report-urges-sri-lanka-war-crimes-probe)
2. [PTI/''The Hindu](http://www.thehindu.com/news/international/article1701700.ece)

### Related:

1. [ United Nations official Peter Mackay is revealed to have been expelled from Sri Lanka for challenging government assertions at the end of the civil war. ](/news/2009/09/12/united-nations-official-peter-mackay-is-revealed-to-have-been-expelled-from-sri-lanka-for-challenging-government-assertions-at-the-end-of-t.md) _Context: Sri Lankan Civil War, United Nations, government_
2. [Thousands of Sri Lankans protest against a United Nations report calling for both sides involved in the civil war to be investigated for possible war crimes. ](/news/2011/05/2/thousands-of-sri-lankans-protest-against-a-united-nations-report-calling-for-both-sides-involved-in-the-civil-war-to-be-investigated-for-pos.md) _Context: Sri Lankan Civil War, United Nations_
3. [The United Nations publishes the full ''Reprt of the Secretary-General's Panel of Experts on Accountability In Sri Lanka'' which finds "credible allegations" which, if proven, indicate that war crimes and crimes against humanity were committed both by the Government of Sri Lanka and the LTTE in the final stages of the Sri Lankan Civil War. ](/news/2011/04/25/the-united-nations-publishes-the-full-reprt-of-the-secretary-general-s-panel-of-experts-on-accountability-in-sri-lanka-which-finds-cred.md) _Context: Sri Lankan Civil War, United Nations_
4. [Sri Lanka's President Mahinda Rajapakse and other prominent Sri Lankans protest international calls and the appointment of a United Nations panel to investigate war crimes allegedly committed during  the country's civil war with the Tamil Tiger separatists. ](/news/2010/06/28/sri-lanka-s-president-mahinda-rajapakse-and-other-prominent-sri-lankans-protest-international-calls-and-the-appointment-of-a-united-nations.md) _Context: Sri Lankan Civil War, United Nations_
5. [ United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon demands better humanitarian aid for 250,000 war refugees in Sri Lanka. ](/news/2009/05/23/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-demands-better-humanitarian-aid-for-250-000-war-refugees-in-sri-lanka.md) _Context: Sri Lankan Civil War, United Nations_
6. [ United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Navanethem Pillay accuses Sri Lanka's Armed Forces and the Tamil Tigers of possible war crimes. ](/news/2009/03/13/united-nations-high-commissioner-for-human-rights-navanethem-pillay-accuses-sri-lanka-s-armed-forces-and-the-tamil-tigers-of-possible-war-c.md) _Context: Sri Lankan Civil War, United Nations_
7. [ Sri Lanka's government refuses to negotiate with the Tamil Tigers at what it calls a "crucial and final stage" of the ongoing civil war. ](/news/2009/02/6/sri-lanka-s-government-refuses-to-negotiate-with-the-tamil-tigers-at-what-it-calls-a-crucial-and-final-stage-of-the-ongoing-civil-war.md) _Context: Sri Lankan Civil War, government_
8. [ Sri Lankan Civil War: Over 10 rebels are killed and many injured in Batticaloa as the Tamil Tigers attack a breakaway faction led by Col. Karuna Amman. ](/news/2006/05/1/sri-lankan-civil-war-p-over-10-rebels-are-killed-and-many-injured-in-batticaloa-as-the-tamil-tigers-attack-a-breakaway-faction-led-by-col.md) _Context: LTTE, Sri Lankan Civil War_
9. [ Sri Lankan Civil War: A suspected Tamil Tiger suicide bomber attacks the Sri Lankan Army headquarters in the capital, Colombo, killing 8. Twenty-seven have been injured, including the army commander Lieutenant General Sarath Fonseka, as the female suicide bomber, pretending to be pregnant to conceal explosives, detonates her bomb near the military's hospital. The Sri Lankan military has begun aerial assaults on rebel positions in the north-eastern part of the island nation. ](/news/2006/04/25/sri-lankan-civil-war-a-suspected-tamil-tiger-suicide-bomber-attacks-the-sri-lankan-army-headquarters-in-the-capital-colombo-killing-8-t.md) _Context: LTTE, Sri Lankan Civil War_
10. [ Sri Lankan Civil War: Two suspected Tamil Tiger rebels are shot dead in Batticaloa while being caught planting mines, after rebels reportedly hacked a young mother to death. In the eastern part of the island, two Sinhalese guards are killed as they returned from a funeral and one Tamil is shot dead by unidentified gunmen. ](/news/2006/04/24/sri-lankan-civil-war-two-suspected-tamil-tiger-rebels-are-shot-dead-in-batticaloa-while-being-caught-planting-mines-after-rebels-reported.md) _Context: LTTE, Sri Lankan Civil War_
