### [2012-04-18](/news/2012/04/18/index.md)

# Cuba claims U.S. President Barack Obama was forced to use his "imperial veto" to stop the summit calling for an end to the U.S. embargo against it. 

Cuba hails a Latin American &quot;rebellion&quot; against US dominance at the Summit of the Americas last weekend.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-latin-america-17762436)

### Related:

1. [Cuba-United States relations: President Barack Obama issues an executive order on Cuba lifting monetary limits on the amount of Cuban products, including cigars and rum, which Americans can bring back for personal use, allowing Cubans and Americans to engage in joint medical research, and allowing Cubans to buy certain U.S. consumer goods online. ](/news/2016/10/14/cuba-united-states-relations-president-barack-obama-issues-an-executive-order-on-cuba-lifting-monetary-limits-on-the-amount-of-cuban-prod.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Cuba_
2. [United States-Cuban Thaw: U.S. President Barack Obama and the First Family begin their three-day visit to Havana, Cuba, to mark the end of 54 years of tensions in Cuba-United States relations. Obama is the first sitting U.S. president to visit the country since Calvin Coolidge in 1928. ](/news/2016/03/20/united-states-cuban-thaw-u-s-president-barack-obama-and-the-first-family-begin-their-three-day-visit-to-havana-cuba-to-mark-the-end-of.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Cuba_
3. [The President of the United States Barack Obama announces plans to close the Guantanamo Bay detention camp in Cuba. Obama made similar statements during his first presidential campaign in 2007 and had previously stated that the camp would be closed by 2010. ](/news/2016/02/23/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-announces-plans-to-close-the-guantanamo-bay-detention-camp-in-cuba-obama-made-similar-state.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Cuba_
4. [Cuba-United States relations: The President of the United States Barack Obama announces that he will visit Cuba next month becoming the first American president to visit Cuba since 1928. ](/news/2016/02/18/cuba-united-states-relations-the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-announces-that-he-will-visit-cuba-next-month-becoming-the-fi.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Cuba_
5. [Cuba-United States relations: Government officials from Cuba and the U.S. met in Havana, beginning settlement discussions surrounding $1.9 billion worth of U.S. assets seized by Fidel Castro-s regime in the early 1960s. By law, the United States embargo against Cuba cannot cease until settlements are made. [https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/the_americas/in-major-breakthrough-cuba-and-us-discuss-19billion-in-property-claims/2015/12/08/9bc2ced0-9d23-11e5-9ad2-568d814bbf3b_story.html "(Washington Post)"]](/news/2015/12/9/cuba-united-states-relations-government-officials-from-cuba-and-the-u-s-met-in-havana-beginning-settlement-discussions-surrounding-1-9.md) _Context: Cuba, United States embargo against Cuba_
6. [Pope Francis%27 visit to the United States: Pope Francis arrives in the U.S. from his last stop in Cuba, Santiago de Cuba, at Joint Base Andrews (formerly, Andrews Air Force Base), near Washington D.C., to start his first tour of the United States. He is received by U.S. President Barack Obama, his wife, U.S. First Lady Michelle Obama, Malia and Sasha Obama, Marian Lois Robinson, U.S. Vice President Joseph R. Biden, his wife, U.S. Second Lady Dr. Jill Biden, two Biden granddaughters, the Apostolic Nuncio to the U.S. Archbishop Carlo Maria Vigano, military and base leaders, and Washington's Cardinal Donald Wuerl. He will be received tomorrow morning in a second arrival ceremony, at the White House, and will meet with the President there. ](/news/2015/09/22/pope-francis-27-visit-to-the-united-states-pope-francis-arrives-in-the-u-s-from-his-last-stop-in-cuba-santiago-de-cuba-at-joint-base-and.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Cuba_
7. [Cuba-United States relations: The United States departments of Commerce and Treasury announce removal of a series of restrictions on Americans traveling to and doing business with Cuba effective September 21, 2015. The U.S. economic embargo, itself, remains in place until Congress acts. ](/news/2015/09/18/cuba-united-states-relations-the-united-states-departments-of-commerce-and-treasury-announce-removal-of-a-series-of-restrictions-on-ameri.md) _Context: Cuba, United States embargo against Cuba_
8. [Cuba-United States relations: Along with 15 other international envoys, Cuban diplomat Jose Ramon Cabanas Rodriguez presents his credentials to U.S. President Barack Obama, becoming the island's first ambassador to the United States since 1961. The Obama Administration has yet to name an ambassador to Cuba. ](/news/2015/09/17/cuba-united-states-relations-along-with-15-other-international-envoys-cuban-diplomat-jose-ramon-cabaa-as-rodriguez-presents-his-credenti.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Cuba_
9. [President of the United States Barack Obama endorses a proposal to remove Cuba from a list of countries that sponsor terrorism. ](/news/2015/04/14/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-endorses-a-proposal-to-remove-cuba-from-a-list-of-countries-that-sponsor-terrorism.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Cuba_
10. [The United States and Cuba re-establish diplomatic relations after severing them 55 years ago. An American embassy will open in Havana and talks to lift the embargo will begin. ](/news/2014/12/17/the-united-states-and-cuba-re-establish-diplomatic-relations-after-severing-them-55-years-ago-an-american-embassy-will-open-in-havana-and-t.md) _Context: Cuba, United States embargo against Cuba_
