### [2012-04-18](/news/2012/04/18/index.md)

# In the U.S., the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and the Securities and Exchange Commission finalize joint rules that will limit which firms must register with either or both of those agencies as "swap dealers." 

U.S. regulators limited the number of market players that will be slapped with a pricey &quot;swap dealer&quot; tag, heeding warnings by swap users about getting too tough but dismaying advocates of greater oversight.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/04/18/us-financial-regulation-swaps-idUSBRE83H0YE20120418)
1. [Cover Image](http://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission hosts a roundtable in which experts and the representatives of affected industries discuss the consequences that decimalisation has had on the market for equity in the U.S., especially regarding small caps. ](/news/2013/02/6/the-u-s-securities-and-exchange-commission-hosts-a-roundtable-in-which-experts-and-the-representatives-of-affected-industries-discuss-the-c.md) _Context: Securities and Exchange Commission, U.S._
2. [The Food and Drug Administration has approved the first treatment that genetically engineers patients' own blood cells to destroy acute lymphoblastic leukemia. The approval makes Novartis the proprietor of the first gene therapy to hit the U.S. market. ](/news/2017/08/30/the-food-and-drug-administration-has-approved-the-first-treatment-that-genetically-engineers-patients-own-blood-cells-to-destroy-acute-lymp.md) _Context: U.S._
3. [U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435 mi reaching an altitude of more than 1245 mi before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60 mi south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launched-a-test-missile-from-the-west-coast-city-of-kusong-the-projectile-travelle.md) _Context: U.S._
4. [U.S. President Barack Obama expands the Papahanaumokuakea Marine National Monument off the coast of Hawai'i, making it the largest national park on the planet. ](/news/2016/08/26/u-s-president-barack-obama-expands-the-papahanaumokuakea-marine-national-monument-off-the-coast-of-hawai-i-making-it-the-largest-nationa.md) _Context: U.S._
5. [The President of Russia, Vladimir Putin, warns Romania and Poland against hosting parts of the U.S. missile defense shield. ](/news/2016/05/28/the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-warns-romania-and-poland-against-hosting-parts-of-the-u-s-missile-defense-shield.md) _Context: U.S._
6. [U.S. airstrikes in eastern Afghanistan hit an ISIS radio station and kill 29 militants. ](/news/2016/02/2/u-s-airstrikes-in-eastern-afghanistan-hit-an-isis-radio-station-and-kill-29-militants.md) _Context: U.S._
7. [Government officials from Cuba and the U.S. met in Havana, beginning settlement discussions surrounding $1.9 billion worth of U.S. assets seized by Fidel Castro's regime in the early 1960s. By law, the United States embargo against Cuba cannot cease until settlements are made. [https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/the_americas/in-major-breakthrough-cuba-and-us-discuss-19billion-in-property-claims/2015/12/08/9bc2ced0-9d23-11e5-9ad2-568d814bbf3b_story.html "(Washington Post)"]](/news/2015/12/9/government-officials-from-cuba-and-the-u-s-met-in-havana-beginning-settlement-discussions-surrounding-1-9-billion-worth-of-u-s-assets-se.md) _Context: U.S._
8. [Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter announces that his latest medical tests show he is cancer-free. Carter, 91, announced in August that a melanoma for which he had been treated had returned. ](/news/2015/12/6/former-u-s-president-jimmy-carter-announces-that-his-latest-medical-tests-show-he-is-cancer-free-carter-91-announced-in-august-that-a-me.md) _Context: U.S._
9. [Janet L. Yellen, chairperson of the U.S. Federal Reserve Bank, states that economic conditions improved to the point where a rise in the Fed's benchmark interest rate is likely when the Federal Open Market Committee meets in mid-December. ](/news/2015/12/2/janet-l-yellen-chairperson-of-the-u-s-federal-reserve-bank-states-that-economic-conditions-improved-to-the-point-where-a-rise-in-the-fed.md) _Context: U.S._
10. [Quebec-based Valeant Pharmaceuticals International cut all ties with Philidor Rx Services. This comes in the wake of recent revelations that Valeant was looking to acquire Philidor, a relationship that raised questions from various quarters. Valeant is the subject of U.S. federal investigations. ](/news/2015/10/30/quebec-based-valeant-pharmaceuticals-international-cut-all-ties-with-philidor-rx-services-this-comes-in-the-wake-of-recent-revelations-that.md) _Context: U.S._
