### [2005-11-3](/news/2005/11/3/index.md)

#  Conflict in Iraq: Seven U.K. troops accused of murdering an Iraqi civilian have had their cases dropped after a judge ruled that there was insufficient evidence against the soldiers and that the Iraqi witnesses lied. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/4403264.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Conflict in Iraq:: Former chief of the RUC police force will head a British investigation into possible infiltration of Iraq's police force by insurgents. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/northern_ireland/4497128.stm (BBC)]: Former prime minister Iyad Allawi says he survived an assassination attempt at the Imam Ali Mosque in Najaf. Police say his group fled from the Shi'ite Muslim shrine under a hail of debris by a mob. [http://today.reuters.co.uk/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=worldNews&storyID=2005-12-04T174641Z_01_MOL463885_RTRUKOC_0_UK-IRAQ.xml (ReutersUK)](Link dead as of 22:46, 14 January 2007 (UTC)), [http://www.nytimes.com/2005/12/04/international/middleeast/04cnd-iraq.html?hp&ex=1133758800&en=5c16772029d814d2&ei=5094&partner=homepage (NYTimes)] (registration required)](/news/2005/12/4/conflict-in-iraq-former-chief-of-the-ruc-police-force-will-head-a-british-investigation-into-possible-infiltration-of-iraq-s-police-force.md) _Context: Britain, Conflict in Iraq, Iraq_
2. [ Conflict in Iraq:: Four Westerners have been kidnapped in Iraq while in Baghdad. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4476276.stm (BBC)]: Former Philippine election official Virgilio Garcillano reappeared before Philippine media after 5 months of his disappearance. [http://news.inq7.net/nation/index.php?index=1&story_id=57970 -Philippine Daily Inquirer]: The Rafah crossing linking the Gaza Strip and Egypt turns over to Palestinian control for the first time. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/4472312.stm (BBC)]: An earthquake measuring 5.5 on the moment magnitude scale hits the area near Ruichang, Jiangxi in China, killing more than 14. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/asia-pacific/4472582.stm (BBC)] [http://earthquake.usgs.gov/recenteqsww/Quakes/usfwbf.htm (USGS)]: Vijaypat Singhania of India sets a world record for highest hot air balloon flight, reaching 69,852 feet (20.29 km). [http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20051126/ap_on_re_as/india_hot_air_balloon;_ylt=AiKTQ2LiysHz5OV8J8s91ZsPLBIF;_ylu=X3oDMTA5aHJvMDdwBHNlYwN5bmNhdA-- (AP)]: The British government suppresses further details of the Bush/Blair memo. (WikiNews)](/news/2005/11/26/conflict-in-iraq-four-westerners-have-been-kidnapped-in-iraq-while-in-baghdad-http-news-bbc-co-uk-2-hi-middle_east-4476276-stm-bbc.md) _Context: Britain, Conflict in Iraq, Iraq_
3. [More than a dozen alleged ISIS-linked, terrorist members of Rawti Shax, a European offshoot of the Iraqi Kurdish jihadist network Ansar al-Islam, are arrested in a coordinated, multi-nation sweep by police across Europe. The operation dismantled an integrated cell in Italy, the United Kingdom, Norway, Finland, Switzerland, and Germany. The group is accused of radicalizing fighters, planning attacks targeting Norwegian and British diplomats in the Middle East, and planning to establish a caliphate in Iraq's Kurdistan region. ](/news/2015/11/12/more-than-a-dozen-alleged-isis-linked-terrorist-members-of-rawti-shax-a-european-offshoot-of-the-iraqi-kurdish-jihadist-network-ansar-al-i.md) _Context: Britain, Iraq_
4. [The United Kingdom raises its terror threat level from "substantial" to "severe" in response to conflicts in Iraq and Syria. ](/news/2014/08/29/the-united-kingdom-raises-its-terror-threat-level-from-substantial-to-severe-in-response-to-conflicts-in-iraq-and-syria.md) _Context: Britain, Iraq_
5. [Post-Iraq War:: The International Criminal Court will conduct a preliminary examination in the claims that United Kingdom forces abused Iraqi detainees between 2003 and 2008. ](/news/2014/05/13/post-iraq-war-the-international-criminal-court-will-conduct-a-preliminary-examination-in-the-claims-that-united-kingdom-forces-abused-iraq.md) _Context: Britain, Iraq_
6. [British businessman James McCormick, who sold ADE 651 fake bomb detector to Iraq and other countries, is jailed for ten years at the Old Bailey. ](/news/2013/05/2/british-businessman-james-mccormick-who-sold-ade-651-fake-bomb-detector-to-iraq-and-other-countries-is-jailed-for-ten-years-at-the-old-bai.md) _Context: Britain, Iraq_
7. [British businessman James McCormick is convicted at the Old Bailey on three counts of fraud after selling fake bomb detectors based on a device for finding golf balls to countries including Iraq and Georgia. ](/news/2013/04/23/british-businessman-james-mccormick-is-convicted-at-the-old-bailey-on-three-counts-of-fraud-after-selling-fake-bomb-detectors-based-on-a-dev.md) _Context: Britain, Iraq_
8. [The United Kingdom announces its intention to close its consulate in Basra, Iraq. ](/news/2012/10/16/the-united-kingdom-announces-its-intention-to-close-its-consulate-in-basra-iraq.md) _Context: Britain, Iraq_
9. [A toddler is found alive, hours after a shooting leaves four dead and another child heavily injured in a wood in Chevaline, Haute-Savoie near Lake Annecy, France. A car with a British licence plate is involved. British tourists, the male Iraqi-passport-holding driver and two women in the car, and a local inhabitant on a cycle, who was on paternity leave, are among the deaths. ](/news/2012/09/6/a-toddler-is-found-alive-hours-after-a-shooting-leaves-four-dead-and-another-child-heavily-injured-in-a-wood-in-chevaline-haute-savoie-nea.md) _Context: Britain, Iraq_
10. [The UK's military operation in Iraq will officially end at midnight, after the Royal Navy completes its training of Iraqi sailors. ](/news/2011/05/22/the-uk-s-military-operation-in-iraq-will-officially-end-at-midnight-after-the-royal-navy-completes-its-training-of-iraqi-sailors.md) _Context: Britain, Iraq_
