### [2011-02-6](/news/2011/02/6/index.md)

# The European Union's foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton expresses what she believes is the even more crucial need for progress in peace talks between the Israelis and the Palestinians due to events in Egypt and other countries. 

European Union foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton said yesterday that events in Egypt and other Mideast countries make progress in peace talks between Israel and the Palestinians eve


### Source:

1. [Sunday Independent](http://www.independent.ie/world-news/middle-east/eu-says-mideast-events-make-peace-top-priority-2527389.html)

### Related:

1. [European Union Foreign Affairs head, Catherine Ashton, condemns Iran for its ongoing executions of juvenile offenders following the public execution of two juveniles in Bandar Abbas, Iran. ](/news/2011/05/3/european-union-foreign-affairs-head-catherine-ashton-condemns-iran-for-its-ongoing-executions-of-juvenile-offenders-following-the-public-e.md) _Context: Catherine Ashton, European Union_
2. [European Union foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton says that Israel must go beyond easing its blockade of Gaza and throw open its long-closed border. ](/news/2010/07/18/european-union-foreign-policy-chief-catherine-ashton-says-that-israel-must-go-beyond-easing-its-blockade-of-gaza-and-throw-open-its-long-clo.md) _Context: Catherine Ashton, European Union_
3. [Israel grants permission to United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and European Union High Representative Catherine Ashton to visit Gaza after denying permission to other international politicians. ](/news/2010/03/9/israel-grants-permission-to-united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-and-european-union-high-representative-catherine-ashton-to-visit-ga.md) _Context: Catherine Ashton, European Union_
4. [Conservative politician Theresa May accuses European Union officials of trying to influence the upcoming elections. ](/news/2017/05/3/conservative-politician-theresa-may-accuses-european-union-officials-of-trying-to-influence-the-upcoming-elections.md) _Context: European Union_
5. [Conservative leader Theresa May states she will be a "bloody difficult woman" in her negotiations with Jean-Claude Juncker regarding the rights of EU nationals after Brexit. ](/news/2017/05/2/conservative-leader-theresa-may-states-she-will-be-a-bloody-difficult-woman-in-her-negotiations-with-jean-claude-juncker-regarding-the-rig.md) _Context: European Union_
6. [European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expatriates.md) _Context: European Union_
7. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: European Union_
8. [The United Kingdom formally notifies the European Council of its intention to withdraw from the European Union and the European Atomic Energy Community. There is not yet agreement on a negotiations roadmap. ](/news/2017/03/29/the-united-kingdom-formally-notifies-the-european-council-of-its-intention-to-withdraw-from-the-european-union-and-the-european-atomic-energ.md) _Context: European Union_
9. [Georgia's visa-free regime, which allows travel to most member states of the European Union, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom, enters into force. ](/news/2017/03/28/georgia-s-visa-free-regime-which-allows-travel-to-most-member-states-of-the-european-union-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-ki.md) _Context: European Union_
10. [British Prime Minister Theresa May signs a letter invoking Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union. Its notification to the European Council tomorrow will formally begin the UK's withdrawal from the European Union. ](/news/2017/03/28/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-signs-a-letter-invoking-article-50-of-the-treaty-on-european-union-its-notification-to-the-european-coun.md) _Context: European Union_
