### [2017-05-18](/news/2017/05/18/index.md)

# United States aircraft bomb a Syrian regime convoy within a so-called "deconfliction zone" around Al-Tanf. 

CBS News correspondent David Martin reports Syrian regime vehicles have violated the deconfliction zone twice within the past few days


### Source:

1. [CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/us-aircraft-strike-syrian-regime-forces-al-tanf-base/)

### Related:

1. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, multiple suspected U.S.-led coalition air raids kill at least 23 civilians in the village of al-Matab in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/03/9/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-multiple-suspected-u-s-led-coalition-air-raids-kill-at-least-23-civilians-in-the-vill.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, United States_
2. [The United States acknowledges that its warplanes may have hit a Syrian Army position near Deir ez-Zor Airport in eastern Syria, while conducting an operation against ISIL, killing more than 60 Syrian troops. ](/news/2016/09/17/the-united-states-acknowledges-that-its-warplanes-may-have-hit-a-syrian-army-position-near-deir-ez-zor-airport-in-eastern-syria-while-condu.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, United States_
3. [U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) say they have seized full control of Manbij in Syria's northern Aleppo Governorate after ISIL militants withdrew from their last remaining strongholds in the city. ](/news/2016/08/12/u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-say-they-have-seized-full-control-of-manbij-in-syria-s-northern-aleppo-governorate-after-isil-mil.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, United States_
4. [The United States accuses Russia of bombing U.S.-backed forces in southern Syria near al-Tanf close to the Iraq and Jordan borders. ](/news/2016/06/16/the-united-states-accuses-russia-of-bombing-u-s-backed-forces-in-southern-syria-near-al-tanf-close-to-the-iraq-and-jordan-borders.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, United States_
5. [Kurdish parties in northern Syria declare the establishment of a federal system in areas they control.  Turkey and the United States had warned this risks further destabilizing the already war-ravaged country. The move was criticized by the government of Syria. ](/news/2016/03/17/kurdish-parties-in-northern-syria-declare-the-establishment-of-a-federal-system-in-areas-they-control-turkey-and-the-united-states-had-war.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, United States_
6. [The United Arab Emirates (UAE) says it is ready to deploy ground troops to Syria as part of an international coalition to fight against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, if said coalition was led by the United States. ](/news/2016/02/7/the-united-arab-emirates-uae-says-it-is-ready-to-deploy-ground-troops-to-syria-as-part-of-an-international-coalition-to-fight-against-the.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, United States_
7. [Syria's government says a U.S.-led military coalition airstrike on a Syrian Army camp in the eastern Deir ez-Zor Governorate, killed three Syrian soldiers and wounded 13 others. A senior U.S. military official denied responsibility for the airstrike and said that the U.S. is certain it was a Russian airstrike. ](/news/2015/12/7/syria-s-government-says-a-u-s-led-military-coalition-airstrike-on-a-syrian-army-camp-in-the-eastern-deir-ez-zor-governorate-killed-three-s.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, United States_
8. [A newly formed U.S.-backed Syrian rebel alliance, Democratic Forces of Syria, launches an offensive against Islamic State forces in the northeast province of Hasaka. ](/news/2015/10/31/a-newly-formed-u-s-backed-syrian-rebel-alliance-democratic-forces-of-syria-launches-an-offensive-against-islamic-state-forces-in-the-nort.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, United States_
9. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of  talks  over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan,  the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saud.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, United States_
10. [The United States and Russia sign an agreement designed to avoid conflict between both countries' warplanes in Syria. The Pentagon said the agreement will remain secret; a hotline will enable both countries to directly communicate. ](/news/2015/10/20/the-united-states-and-russia-sign-an-agreement-designed-to-avoid-conflict-between-both-countries-warplanes-in-syria-the-pentagon-said-the.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, United States_
