
Formats: [HTML](/news/2017/12/13/ecuadorian-vice-president-jorge-glas-is-sentenced-to-six-years-imprisonment-for-financial-corruption-involving-the-brazilian-construction-co.html)  [JSON](/news/2017/12/13/ecuadorian-vice-president-jorge-glas-is-sentenced-to-six-years-imprisonment-for-financial-corruption-involving-the-brazilian-construction-co.json)  [XML](/news/2017/12/13/ecuadorian-vice-president-jorge-glas-is-sentenced-to-six-years-imprisonment-for-financial-corruption-involving-the-brazilian-construction-co.xml)  

### [2017-12-13](/news/2017/12/13/index.md)

# Ecuadorian Vice President Jorge Glas is sentenced to six years imprisonment for financial corruption involving the Brazilian construction company Odebrecht. The decision will not be enforced until the court confirms the ruling. The court's decision can be appealed. [http:--www.bbc.com-news-world-latin-america-42346881 ("BBC News")] [https:--www.eluniverso.com-noticias-2017-12-13-nota-6525058-jorge-glas-sentenciado-como-culpable-6-anos-prision-caso-odebrecht ("El Universo")] {{es icon}}




### Changes:

1. [Suspended Ecuadorian Vice President Jorge Glas is sentenced to six years imprisonment for the delict of illicit association and taking $13.5m (GBP10.2m) in bribes from Brazilian construction company Odebrecht, which paid $33.5m in bribes to secure infrastructure contracts in the country. However, the 48-year-old engineer, imprisoned preventively since October, will not be able to be totally stripped of his functions until all judicial remedies have been exhausted. Former President Rafael Correa, who also had Glas in the same office, has defended him expressly and considers that the case is politically motivated. The uncle of Glas, involved in the same plot, received the same sentence. ](/news/2017/12/13/suspended-ecuadorian-vice-president-jorge-glas-is-sentenced-to-six-years-imprisonment-for-the-delict-of-illicit-association-and-taking-13-5.md) _2017-12-14 14:30:06 (First version)_
2. [Ecuadorian Suspended Vice President Jorge Glas is sentenced to six years imprisonment for the delict of illicit association and taking $13.5m (GBP10.2m) in bribes from Brazilian construction company Odebrecht, which paid $33.5m in bribes to secure infrastructure contracts in the country. However, the 48-year-old engineer, imprisoned preventively since October, will not be able to be totally stripped of his functions until all judicial instances have been exhausted. Former President Rafael Correa, who also had Glas in the same office, has defended him expressly and considers that the case is politically motivated. The uncle of Glas, involved in the same plot, received the same sentence. ](/news/2017/12/13/ecuadorian-suspended-vice-president-jorge-glas-is-sentenced-to-six-years-imprisonment-for-the-delict-of-illicit-association-and-taking-13-5.md) _2017-12-15 07:30:06 (Update)_
3. [Ecuadorian Vice President Jorge Glas is sentenced to six years imprisonment for the delict of illicit association and taking $13.5m (GBP10.2m) in bribes from Brazilian construction company Odebrecht, which paid $33.5m in bribes to secure infrastructure contracts in the country. However, the 48-year-old engineer, imprisoned preventively since October, will not be able to be totally stripped of his functions until all judicial instances have been exhausted. Former President Rafael Correa, who also had Glas in the same office, has defended him expressly and considers that the case is politically motivated. The uncle of Glas, involved in the same plot, received the same sentence. ](/news/2017/12/13/ecuadorian-vice-president-jorge-glas-is-sentenced-to-six-years-imprisonment-for-the-delict-of-illicit-association-and-taking-13-5m-agbp10.md) _2017-12-15 08:30:05 (Update)_
3. [Ecuadorian Vice President Jorge Glas is sentenced to six years imprisonment for financial corruption involving the Brazilian construction company Odebrecht. The decision will not be enforced until the court confirms the ruling. The court's decision can be appealed. [http:--www.bbc.com-news-world-latin-america-42346881 ("BBC News")] [https:--www.eluniverso.com-noticias-2017-12-13-nota-6525058-jorge-glas-sentenciado-como-culpable-6-anos-prision-caso-odebrecht ("El Universo")] {{es icon}}](/news/2017/12/13/ecuadorian-vice-president-jorge-glas-is-sentenced-to-six-years-imprisonment-for-financial-corruption-involving-the-brazilian-construction-co.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [Ecuador's Supreme Court orders that Vice President Jorge Glas be jailed for his alleged acceptance of bribes from the Odebrecht construction company. Prior to this, Glas had been free but barred from leaving the country. ](/news/2017/10/2/ecuador-s-supreme-court-orders-that-vice-president-jorge-glas-be-jailed-for-his-alleged-acceptance-of-bribes-from-the-odebrecht-construction.md) _Context: Ecuadorian Vice President, Jorge Glas, Odebrecht_
2. [Brazilian construction firm Odebrecht and affiliated petrochemical company Braskem plead guilty of violating American foreign bribery laws in connection with the Petrobras deal. ](/news/2016/12/21/brazilian-construction-firm-odebrecht-and-affiliated-petrochemical-company-braskem-plead-guilty-of-violating-american-foreign-bribery-laws-i.md) _Context: Brazil, Odebrecht, Operation Car Wash_
3. [The main opposition party of Peru, Popular Force, which has the absolute majority in Congress, through a press conference, gives the president Pedro Pablo Kuczynski less than 24 hours to present his resignation. However, this political group did not mention what it would do if the president does not do it. This, after it revealed a corruption scandal involving the head of state, which would show that he received large sums of money from the Odebrecht construction company, through a financial advisory firm of his property, in exchange of the concession of important infrastructures for the country. Previously, Kuczynski confirmed that he would attend a commission of the Congress which investigates the Odebrecht's links in Peru. ](/news/2017/12/14/the-main-opposition-party-of-peru-popular-force-which-has-the-absolute-majority-in-congress-through-a-press-conference-gives-the-preside.md) _Context: Odebrecht, Operation Car Wash_
4. [Former Brazilian president Luiz Incio Lula da Silva is convicted on corruption and money laundering charges in connection with the Petrobras investigation. Lula, who remains free on appeal, is sentenced to nine and a half years in prison. ](/news/2017/07/12/former-brazilian-president-luiz-inacio-lula-da-silva-is-convicted-on-corruption-and-money-laundering-charges-in-connection-with-the-petrobra.md) _Context: Brazil, Operation Car Wash_
5. [A judge in Peru issues an arrest warrant for former President Alejandro Toledo for allegedly receiving US$20 million in bribes from Odebrecht, a Brazilian construction company, in exchange for a contract deal to build a transoceanic highway between Brazil and the Peruvian coast. Toledo denies any wrongdoing. ](/news/2017/02/10/a-judge-in-peru-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-former-president-alejandro-toledo-for-allegedly-receiving-us-20-million-in-bribes-from-odebrech.md) _Context: Brazil, Odebrecht_
