
Formats: [HTML](/news/2017/12/13/ecuadorian-vice-president-jorge-glas-is-sentenced-to-six-years-imprisonment-for-the-delict-of-illicit-association-and-taking-13-5m-agbp10.html)  [JSON](/news/2017/12/13/ecuadorian-vice-president-jorge-glas-is-sentenced-to-six-years-imprisonment-for-the-delict-of-illicit-association-and-taking-13-5m-agbp10.json)  [XML](/news/2017/12/13/ecuadorian-vice-president-jorge-glas-is-sentenced-to-six-years-imprisonment-for-the-delict-of-illicit-association-and-taking-13-5m-agbp10.xml)  

### [2017-12-13](/news/2017/12/13/index.md)

# Ecuadorian Vice President Jorge Glas is sentenced to six years imprisonment for the delict of illicit association and taking $13.5m (GBP10.2m) in bribes from Brazilian construction company Odebrecht, which paid $33.5m in bribes to secure infrastructure contracts in the country. However, the 48-year-old engineer, imprisoned preventively since October, will not be able to be totally stripped of his functions until all judicial instances have been exhausted. Former President Rafael Correa, who also had Glas in the same office, has defended him expressly and considers that the case is politically motivated. The uncle of Glas, involved in the same plot, received the same sentence. 

Jorge Glas is the highest-ranking politician to be convicted in the Odebrecht scandal.


### Sources:

1. [BBC News](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-latin-america-42346881)
2. [El Universo](https://www.eluniverso.com/noticias/2017/12/13/nota/6525058/jorge-glas-sentenciado-como-culpable-6-anos-prision-caso-odebrecht)
2. [Cover Image](https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/cpsprodpb/927B/production/_99199473_glas.jpg)

### Changes:

1. [Suspended Ecuadorian Vice President Jorge Glas is sentenced to six years imprisonment for the delict of illicit association and taking $13.5m (GBP10.2m) in bribes from Brazilian construction company Odebrecht, which paid $33.5m in bribes to secure infrastructure contracts in the country. However, the 48-year-old engineer, imprisoned preventively since October, will not be able to be totally stripped of his functions until all judicial remedies have been exhausted. Former President Rafael Correa, who also had Glas in the same office, has defended him expressly and considers that the case is politically motivated. The uncle of Glas, involved in the same plot, received the same sentence. ](/news/2017/12/13/suspended-ecuadorian-vice-president-jorge-glas-is-sentenced-to-six-years-imprisonment-for-the-delict-of-illicit-association-and-taking-13-5.md) _2017-12-14 14:30:06 (First version)_
2. [Ecuadorian Suspended Vice President Jorge Glas is sentenced to six years imprisonment for the delict of illicit association and taking $13.5m (GBP10.2m) in bribes from Brazilian construction company Odebrecht, which paid $33.5m in bribes to secure infrastructure contracts in the country. However, the 48-year-old engineer, imprisoned preventively since October, will not be able to be totally stripped of his functions until all judicial instances have been exhausted. Former President Rafael Correa, who also had Glas in the same office, has defended him expressly and considers that the case is politically motivated. The uncle of Glas, involved in the same plot, received the same sentence. ](/news/2017/12/13/ecuadorian-suspended-vice-president-jorge-glas-is-sentenced-to-six-years-imprisonment-for-the-delict-of-illicit-association-and-taking-13-5.md) _2017-12-15 07:30:06 (Update)_
2. [Ecuadorian Vice President Jorge Glas is sentenced to six years imprisonment for the delict of illicit association and taking $13.5m (GBP10.2m) in bribes from Brazilian construction company Odebrecht, which paid $33.5m in bribes to secure infrastructure contracts in the country. However, the 48-year-old engineer, imprisoned preventively since October, will not be able to be totally stripped of his functions until all judicial instances have been exhausted. Former President Rafael Correa, who also had Glas in the same office, has defended him expressly and considers that the case is politically motivated. The uncle of Glas, involved in the same plot, received the same sentence. ](/news/2017/12/13/ecuadorian-vice-president-jorge-glas-is-sentenced-to-six-years-imprisonment-for-the-delict-of-illicit-association-and-taking-13-5m-agbp10.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [Ecuador's Supreme Court orders that Vice President Jorge Glas be jailed for his alleged acceptance of bribes from the Odebrecht construction company. Prior to this, Glas had been free but barred from leaving the country. ](/news/2017/10/2/ecuador-s-supreme-court-orders-that-vice-president-jorge-glas-be-jailed-for-his-alleged-acceptance-of-bribes-from-the-odebrecht-construction.md) _Context: Ecuadorian Vice President, Jorge Glas, Odebrecht_
2. [The main opposition party of Peru, Popular Force, which has the absolute majority in Congress, gives the President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski less than 24 hours to present his resignation. The demand comes after the Odebrecht construction company revealed payments of $4.8 million to a company Kuczynski controlled while he held public office. ](/news/2017/12/14/the-main-opposition-party-of-peru-popular-force-which-has-the-absolute-majority-in-congress-gives-the-president-pedro-pablo-kuczynski-les.md) _Context: Odebrecht, Operation Car Wash_
3. [Brazilian construction firm Odebrecht and affiliated petrochemical company Braskem plead guilty of violating American foreign bribery laws in connection with the Petrobras deal. ](/news/2016/12/21/brazilian-construction-firm-odebrecht-and-affiliated-petrochemical-company-braskem-plead-guilty-of-violating-american-foreign-bribery-laws-i.md) _Context: Odebrecht, Operation Car Wash_
4. [A court of Lima orders 18 months of pre-trial imprisonment for former president Ollanta Humala and his wife Nadine Heredia for alleged money laundering. Both have turned themselves in. ](/news/2017/07/14/a-court-of-lima-orders-18-months-of-pre-trial-imprisonment-for-former-president-ollanta-humala-and-his-wife-nadine-heredia-for-alleged-money.md) _Context: Operation Car Wash_
5. [Former Brazilian president Luiz Incio Lula da Silva is convicted on corruption and money laundering charges in connection with the Petrobras investigation. Lula, who remains free on appeal, is sentenced to nine and a half years in prison. ](/news/2017/07/12/former-brazilian-president-luiz-inacio-lula-da-silva-is-convicted-on-corruption-and-money-laundering-charges-in-connection-with-the-petrobra.md) _Context: Operation Car Wash_
