### [2012-02-26](/news/2012/02/26/index.md)

# France and Germany follow the United States and United Kingdom in withdrawing civilian staff from Afghan government facilities following the killing of two senior NATO officers. 

France and Germany follow the US and Britain in withdrawing civilian staff from Afghan government institutions after the killing of two US Nato officers.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-17171798)

### Related:

1. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of  talks  over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan,  the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saud.md) _Context: France, German, United Kingdom, United States_
2. [Iran, the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, People's Republic of China, Germany, and the European Union (the P5+1) reach a breakthrough agreement on the general framework for an agreement on Iran's nuclear program, but sign no verbal agreement or official document. The deadline for a full deal is June 30, 2015. ](/news/2015/04/2/iran-the-united-states-the-united-kingdom-france-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-germany-and-the-european-union-the-p5-1-reach-a.md) _Context: France, German, United Kingdom, United States_
3. [Representatives of six major world powers - China, France, Germany, United Kingdom, Russia and the United States - meet with Iranian officials to discuss the nation's nuclear program. ](/news/2013/02/26/representatives-of-six-major-world-powers-a-china-france-germany-united-kingdom-russia-and-the-united-states-a-meet-with-iranian-off.md) _Context: France, German, United Kingdom, United States_
4. [The United Nations Security Council, after the defected Libyan Ambassador to the UN Abdel Rahman Mohamed Shalgam's appeal to act against Muammar Gaddafi's regime escalating violence, being used to crackdown the 2011 Libyan civil war, and following propositions by France, Germany, United Kingdom and the United States, adopts resolution 1970, ](/news/2011/02/26/the-united-nations-security-council-after-the-defected-libyan-ambassador-to-the-un-abdel-rahman-mohamed-shalgam-s-appeal-to-act-against-mua.md) _Context: France, German, United Kingdom, United States_
5. [The US, UK, France and Germany ban all air freight from Yemen at their respective countries' airports following the discovery of two explosive packages. ](/news/2010/10/31/the-us-uk-france-and-germany-ban-all-air-freight-from-yemen-at-their-respective-countries-airports-following-the-discovery-of-two-explosi.md) _Context: France, German, United Kingdom, United States_
6. [ Officials from the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Russia, China and the United States express "regret" at Iran's refusal to accept nuclear proposals. ](/news/2009/11/20/officials-from-the-united-kingdom-france-germany-russia-china-and-the-united-states-express-regret-at-iran-s-refusal-to-accept-nuclea.md) _Context: France, German, United Kingdom, United States_
7. [ The foreign ministers of the United Kingdom, United States, Germany, France, Russia and China agree to make a new offer to Iran over its nuclear program. ](/news/2008/05/2/the-foreign-ministers-of-the-united-kingdom-united-states-germany-france-russia-and-china-agree-to-make-a-new-offer-to-iran-over-its-nu.md) _Context: France, German, United Kingdom, United States_
8. [ France, United States, United Kingdom, Russia, People's Republic of China and Germany decide to refer Iran to the U.N. Security Council over its nuclear program, after Iran not deciding whether to respond to a package of incentives quickly enough. ](/news/2006/07/12/france-united-states-united-kingdom-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-and-germany-decide-to-refer-iran-to-the-u-n-security-council-ove.md) _Context: France, German, United Kingdom, United States_
9. [ China, France, Germany, Russia, the United Kingdom and the United States propose a set of incentives and possible sanctions in an effort to encourage Iran to suspend or abandon its plans of nuclear development. ](/news/2006/06/2/china-france-germany-russia-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states-propose-a-set-of-incentives-and-possible-sanctions-in-an-effort-to.md) _Context: France, German, United Kingdom, United States_
10. [ China, France, Germany, Russia, the United Kingdom and the United States agree on a package of incentives and sanctions for Iran. ](/news/2006/06/1/china-france-germany-russia-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states-agree-on-a-package-of-incentives-and-sanctions-for-iran.md) _Context: France, German, United Kingdom, United States_
