### [2007-06-12](/news/2007/06/12/index.md)

#  Ehud Barak, former Prime Minister of Israel, declares victory in a vote for the leadership of the Israeli Labor Party, with 51.5% of the vote compared to 47.5% for former security chief Ami Ayalon. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/newsitems/200706/s1949588.htm)

### Related:

1. [ Ehud Barak, former Prime Minister of Israel, wins the first round of the Israeli Labor Party leadership election and faces a runoff against former secret service chief Ami Ayalon. ](/news/2007/05/29/ehud-barak-former-prime-minister-of-israel-wins-the-first-round-of-the-israeli-labor-party-leadership-election-and-faces-a-runoff-against.md) _Context: Ami Ayalon, Ehud Barak, Israeli Prime Minister, Labor Party_
2. [ Ehud Barak, the Defense Minister of Israel and Leader of the Labor Party, calls for the resignation of the Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert to step aside to face corruption allegations. ](/news/2008/05/28/ehud-barak-the-defense-minister-of-israel-and-leader-of-the-labor-party-calls-for-the-resignation-of-the-prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-ol.md) _Context: Ehud Barak, Israeli Prime Minister, Labor Party_
3. [ The Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert strikes a deal with the Labor Party to avoid dissolution of the Knesset in return for Olmert holding a leadership contest for the Kadima party by September. ](/news/2008/06/25/the-prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-olmert-strikes-a-deal-with-the-labor-party-to-avoid-dissolution-of-the-knesset-in-return-for-olmert-holdi.md) _Context: Israeli Prime Minister, Labor Party_
4. [The Jewish Agency for Israel Board of Governors cancels Monday's dinner with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to protest Sunday's decision by his cabinet to rescind plans for a mixed-gender prayer area at Jerusalem's Western Wall, a compromise agreement reached after three years of intense negotiations. ](/news/2017/06/26/the-jewish-agency-for-israel-board-of-governors-cancels-monday-s-dinner-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-to-protest-sunday-s-d.md) _Context: Israeli Prime Minister_
5. [Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu cancels a visit with the foreign minister of Germany Sigmar Gabriel after the latter's refusal to cancel a meeting with the Israel Defense Forces veterans NGO Breaking the Silence saying the group "slanders IDF soldiers as war criminals](/news/2017/04/25/prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-cancels-a-visit-with-the-foreign-minister-of-germany-sigmar-gabriel-after-the-latter-s-refusal-t.md) _Context: Israeli Prime Minister_
6. [The Attorney General of Israel Avichai Mandelblit orders a criminal investigation of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for alleged corruption in two different cases. ](/news/2016/12/28/the-attorney-general-of-israel-avichai-mandelblit-orders-a-criminal-investigation-of-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-for-alleged-c.md) _Context: Israeli Prime Minister_
7. [Former President and Prime Minister of Israel, and Nobel Peace Prize winner Shimon Peres dies at the age of 93. ](/news/2016/09/28/former-president-and-prime-minister-of-israel-and-nobel-peace-prize-winner-shimon-peres-dies-at-the-age-of-93.md) _Context: Israeli Prime Minister_
8. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim announce their countries have agreed on a pact to normalize diplomatic relations that have been strained for six years since the Gaza flotilla raid when nine Turkish activists were killed. ](/news/2016/06/27/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-and-turkish-prime-minister-binali-ya-lda-ra-m-announce-their-countries-have-agreed-on-a-pact-to-no.md) _Context: Israeli Prime Minister_
9. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu asks Yisrael Beiteinu party leader and former Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman to be Defense Minister. Current defense minister and former army chief of staff Moshe Ya'alon's role in the future government is unclear. Leiberman is known for his hawkish and uncompromising views. ](/news/2016/05/19/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-asks-yisrael-beiteinu-party-leader-and-former-foreign-minister-avigdor-lieberman-to-be-defense-min.md) _Context: Israeli Prime Minister_
10. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu rejects a French-sponsored international conference to continue peace negotiations that have stalled since 2014 in settling the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, saying that direct talks were the only way to resolve the decades-long conflict. France wants to immediately recognize a Palestinian state without discussion over its borders or security issues. ](/news/2016/04/28/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-rejects-a-french-sponsored-international-conference-to-continue-peace-negotiations-that-have-stall.md) _Context: Israeli Prime Minister_
