### [2007-06-12](/news/2007/06/12/index.md)

#  Mudslides and floods kill nearly 130 in Bangladesh. Rescuers find 20 more bodies buried under mud in Chittagong, bringing the total number of flood-related deaths to nearly 130. 

Rescuers found 20 more bodies buried under mud in the Bangladesh port city of Chittagong on Tuesday, officials and witnesses said, taking the total number of flood-related deaths to nearly 130. &quot;So far, at least 102 bodies have been recovered from dozens of homes buried under tonnes of mud following the landslides on Monday,&quot; a rescuer told Reuters by telephone. &quot;The deeper we dig down, there are more corpses.&quot; Disaster management officials said they feared the death toll would climb as a search by troops, firefighters, police and volunteers intensified after the rains eased on Tuesday morning and the water started receding. But heavy rain struck again in the afternoon. &quot;We cannot say when this rescue will end,&quot; a rescuer said. &quot;At the moment it looks unlikely that nature will smile on us soon.&quot; Nearly 10,000 people have so far been evacuated to some 200 shelters in Chittagong, a city of nearly five million. &quot;God is always unkind to us,&quot; said a man at a camp. &quot;We had shifted to the hills in Chittagong from far away places after rivers had swallowed our homes and land,&quot; said Mashiur Rahman, a father of five. &quot;But we are on the run again.&quot; Another two women were buried alive in a landslide in Bandarban hill district, southeast of Chittagong, on Tuesday. A further 10 people were killed by lightning across the country on Tuesday, officials said. Authorities in Chittagong said the flooding was so extensive that survivors were having difficulty finding dry ground to bury the dead, officials said. &quot;(It) looks like a sea of mud as I move around places with strings of homes buried under heaps of clay and debris,&quot; said an army officer helping the rescue operation. Officials and rescuers blamed the landslides partly on residents clearing trees and other vegetation to build homes despite warnings by environmental experts. Fakhruddin Ahmed, head of the army-backed interim government, visited the disaster hit areas and vowed to take action against those responsible for clearing the hills. Road traffic in Chittagong was still severely disrupted, but train services and flights to and from the city have resumed, officials said. Port operations also partially resumed. Rivers burst their banks in other parts of the country. &quot;Nearly one million people living on river islands and in low lying areas have already been marooned in northern and eastern regions of the country,&quot; an official of the disaster management ministry said. Meteorologists said the rains could last for a few more days. (Additional reporting by Nizam Ahmed, Nazimuddin Shyamol and Nurul Islam)


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/homepageCrisis/idUSSP1987._CH_.2400)
1. [Cover Image](http://s2.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20070612&t=2&i=946114&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=946114)

### Related:

1. [At least 50 people are killed in rain-triggered landslides in the Bangladesh districts of Cox's Bazaar and Chittagong. ](/news/2012/06/27/at-least-50-people-are-killed-in-rain-triggered-landslides-in-the-bangladesh-districts-of-cox-s-bazaar-and-chittagong.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Chittagong_
2. [Nearly half a million people are made homeless by flooding caused by three days of heavy rain in Bangladesh. ](/news/2010/10/10/nearly-half-a-million-people-are-made-homeless-by-flooding-caused-by-three-days-of-heavy-rain-in-bangladesh.md) _Context: Bangladesh, flood_
3. [ 2007 South Asian floods: The Ganges River system will come under further strain from monsoon floods as 20 million are homeless in Nepal, India and Bangladesh. Almost 200 people have died. ](/news/2007/08/4/2007-south-asian-floods-the-ganges-river-system-will-come-under-further-strain-from-monsoon-floods-as-20-million-are-homeless-in-nepal-in.md) _Context: Bangladesh, flood_
4. [ 2007 South Asian floods: Monsoon floods make millions homeless in India, Nepal and Bangladesh with a death toll of 145 in India and 65 in Bangladesh. ](/news/2007/08/3/2007-south-asian-floods-monsoon-floods-make-millions-homeless-in-india-nepal-and-bangladesh-with-a-death-toll-of-145-in-india-and-65-in-b.md) _Context: Bangladesh, flood_
5. [ At least 28 people die in Uttar Pradesh, India as an overcrowded boat carrying flood evacuees and aid workers capsizes on the Rohni River. Monsoon floods have killed more than 150 people in India during July while at least 82 people have died in Nepal over the past two weeks and 38 in Bangladesh. ](/news/2007/08/1/at-least-28-people-die-in-uttar-pradesh-india-as-an-overcrowded-boat-carrying-flood-evacuees-and-aid-workers-capsizes-on-the-rohni-river.md) _Context: Bangladesh, flood_
6. [ Worsening floods affecting eastern India, Bangladesh and Nepal has led to millions of people leaving their homes. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/6922484.stm (BBC News)] 160 people confirmed dead in Bangladesh alone.](/news/2007/07/31/worsening-floods-affecting-eastern-india-bangladesh-and-nepal-has-led-to-millions-of-people-leaving-their-homes-http-news-bbc-co-uk-2.md) _Context: Bangladesh, flood_
7. [ A fire in a textile mill in Chittagong, Bangladesh, kills 51 people and injures over 100. ](/news/2006/02/24/a-fire-in-a-textile-mill-in-chittagong-bangladesh-kills-51-people-and-injures-over-100.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Chittagong_
8. [ Two bomb attacks occur in the Bangladeshi cities of Chittagong and Gazipur. Six people are killed and 65 others wounded. ](/news/2005/11/29/two-bomb-attacks-occur-in-the-bangladeshi-cities-of-chittagong-and-gazipur-six-people-are-killed-and-65-others-wounded.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Chittagong_
9. [ Floods and mudslides due to Tropical Storm Gamma, the 24th named storm in the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season, kill at least 32 people in Honduras. ](/news/2005/11/22/floods-and-mudslides-due-to-tropical-storm-gamma-the-24th-named-storm-in-the-2005-atlantic-hurricane-season-kill-at-least-32-people-in-ho.md) _Context: flood, mudslide_
10. [ 2005 Atlantic hurricane season: Rain from Hurricane Emily causes flooding and mudslides in Grenada, as the hurricane continues to grow to near Category 3 strength. ](/news/2005/07/14/2005-atlantic-hurricane-season-rain-from-hurricane-emily-causes-flooding-and-mudslides-in-grenada-as-the-hurricane-continues-to-grow-to-n.md) _Context: flood, mudslide_
