### [2007-06-12](/news/2007/06/12/index.md)

#  Palestinian factional violence: Hamas officials report that a rocket-propelled grenade has been fired at the house of Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh, causing damage but no injuries. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Forbes](http://www.forbes.com/feeds/ap/2007/06/12/ap3810726.html)

### Related:

1. [Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation" with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaza-will-fulfil-its-role-in-the-je.md) _Context: Hamas, Ismail Haniyeh_
2. [Hamas Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh calls on the PLO to withdraw its recognition of Israel's right to exist in response to Israel's opposition to the reconciliation deal between his movement and Fatah. ](/news/2011/04/29/hamas-prime-minister-ismail-haniyeh-calls-on-the-plo-to-withdraw-its-recognition-of-israelas-right-to-exist-in-response-to-israelas-oppo.md) _Context: Hamas, Ismail Haniyeh_
3. [ Hamas militants kill at least 16 Palestinians, including 2 UNRWA workers and 13 Fatah members, as clashes intensify in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2007/06/13/hamas-militants-kill-at-least-16-palestinians-including-2-unrwa-workers-and-13-fatah-members-as-clashes-intensify-in-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Hamas, clashes_
4. [ 2007 Israel-Gaza conflict: Hamas militants are considering lighter ceasefire terms offered by Fatah, specifically Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas. They are giving Israel until May 27 to respond to this agreement, that would only end Israeli operations in the Gaza Strip. Hamas has said, however, that they are not completely committed to their offer. Israeli attack helicopters launch missile strikes on a various facilities, including a security facility near Palestinian Prime Minister Haniyeh's home. At least three people are injured by the air strikes. ](/news/2007/05/26/2007-israel-gaza-conflict-p-hamas-militants-are-considering-lighter-ceasefire-terms-offered-by-fatah-specifically-palestinian-president-ma.md) _Context: Hamas, Ismail Haniyeh_
5. [  The IAF carried out an air strike near the residence of Palestinian Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh. The IDF said that the air strike was not targeting the Prime Minister, and was on a structure used by Hamas, located in the Shati refugee camp. Local residents said that an IAF missile hit a vehicle patrolling Haniyeh's home in Gaza, and that the attack wounded one person. ](/news/2007/05/25/the-iaf-carried-out-an-air-strike-near-the-residence-of-palestinian-prime-minister-ismail-haniyeh-the-idf-said-that-the-air-strike-was-no.md) _Context: Hamas, Ismail Haniyeh_
6. [ Palestinian factional violence claims 8 more lives as violence erupts on the Israeli border with Fatah and Hamas fighting for dominance at the Karni cargo crossing in Gaza, ending Monday night's ceasefire agreement. ](/news/2007/05/15/palestinian-factional-violence-claims-8-more-lives-as-violence-erupts-on-the-israeli-border-with-fatah-and-hamas-fighting-for-dominance-at.md) _Context: Hamas, clashes_
7. [ Palestinian factional violence: Fatah and Hamas take some of their gunmen off the streets of the West Bank and free some hostages under a new declared ceasefire. ](/news/2007/02/4/palestinian-factional-violence-fatah-and-hamas-take-some-of-their-gunmen-off-the-streets-of-the-west-bank-and-free-some-hostages-under-a-n.md) _Context: Hamas, clashes_
8. [ Palestinian factional violence: Hamas and its rival Fatah renew their truce when violence broke off again after the initial ceasefire. ](/news/2007/02/2/palestinian-factional-violence-hamas-and-its-rival-fatah-renew-their-truce-when-violence-broke-off-again-after-the-initial-ceasefire.md) _Context: Hamas, clashes_
9. [ The Hamas-led Palestinian government has resigned to make way for a new administration. The Palestinian Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh remains as caretaker Prime Minister and will select a new cabinet. ](/news/2007/02/15/the-hamas-led-palestinian-government-has-resigned-to-make-way-for-a-new-administration-the-palestinian-prime-minister-ismail-haniyeh-remai.md) _Context: Hamas, Ismail Haniyeh_
10. [ Palestinian factional violence: Hamas gunmen ambush a convoy carrying weapons to Mahmoud Abbas's presidential guard unit. Six Fatah members are killed, more than 70 people are wounded and 12 others are kidnapped in ensuing battles. ](/news/2007/02/1/palestinian-factional-violence-hamas-gunmen-ambush-a-convoy-carrying-weapons-to-mahmoud-abbas-s-presidential-guard-unit-six-fatah-members.md) _Context: Hamas, clashes_
