### [2004-11-21](/news/2004/11/21/index.md)

#  Ukraine holds the second vote in a run-off presidential election today. Voters will decide between Moscow-oriented Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych and western-leaning reformer Viktor Yushchenko. Observers have expressed concern over possible Russian interference, election abuses, and bias in reporting by the state media. With 74% of vote counted, Yanukovych leads Yushchenko 49-48%. Yushchenko has alleged that massive election fraud has taken place. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/4029635.stm)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/4031127.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Despite earlier reports that Ukraine's Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych and opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko had agreed to hold talks over the country's heavily disputed elections, this now seems unlikely. Protests continue, with an official election result due to be announced at around 1400 UTC. ](/news/2004/11/24/despite-earlier-reports-that-ukraine-s-prime-minister-viktor-yanukovych-and-opposition-leader-viktor-yushchenko-had-agreed-to-hold-talks-ov.md) _Context: 2004 Ukrainian presidential election, Ukraine, Viktor Yanukovych, Viktor Yushchenko_
2. [ 2004 Ukrainian presidential election: Ukraine's electoral commission declares Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych the winner. Opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko calls for supporters to protest "the total falsification of the vote". Observers from the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE) say the run-off vote "did not meet international standards", and the senior U.S. election observer, Senator Richard Lugar, notes a "concerted and forceful program of election day fraud". ](/news/2004/11/22/2004-ukrainian-presidential-election-ukraine-s-electoral-commission-declares-prime-minister-viktor-yanukovych-the-winner-opposition-leade.md) _Context: 2004 Ukrainian presidential election, Ukraine, Viktor Yanukovych, Viktor Yushchenko_
3. [ President Viktor Yushchenko and Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych of Ukraine agree to a compromise, with early parliamentary elections to be held on September 30. ](/news/2007/05/27/president-viktor-yushchenko-and-prime-minister-viktor-yanukovych-of-ukraine-agree-to-a-compromise-with-early-parliamentary-elections-to-be.md) _Context: Ukraine, Viktor Yanukovych, Viktor Yushchenko_
4. [ In Ukraine, the Supreme Court dismisses prime minister Viktor Yanukovych's appeal and confirms that Viktor Yushchenko has won the presidential election. ](/news/2005/01/20/in-ukraine-the-supreme-court-dismisses-prime-minister-viktor-yanukovych-s-appeal-and-confirms-that-viktor-yushchenko-has-won-the-president.md) _Context: Ukraine, Viktor Yanukovych, Viktor Yushchenko_
5. [Anti-government protesters in Ukraine end a two-month occupation of Kiev's city hall, following an amnesty offer aimed at easing a standoff over President Viktor Yanukovych's rule. ](/news/2014/02/16/anti-government-protesters-in-ukraine-end-a-two-month-occupation-of-kievas-city-hall-following-an-amnesty-offer-aimed-at-easing-a-standof.md) _Context: Ukraine, Viktor Yanukovych_
6. [100,000 people continue their protest against president Yanukovych's decision to back away from stronger ties with the European Union. ](/news/2013/12/1/100-000-people-continue-their-protest-against-president-yanukovych-s-decision-to-back-away-from-stronger-ties-with-the-european-union.md) _Context: Ukraine, Viktor Yanukovych_
7. [More than 100,000 people protest in Kiev, Ukraine, against the decision of Viktor Yanukovych's government to suspend preparations for signing of the association agreement with the European Union under pressure from Russia. ](/news/2013/11/24/more-than-100-000-people-protest-in-kiev-ukraine-against-the-decision-of-viktor-yanukovych-s-government-to-suspend-preparations-for-signin.md) _Context: Ukraine, Viktor Yanukovych_
8. [Three bombs explode in front of government offices in Kirovohrad, Ukraine, ahead of a visit by President Viktor Yanukovych. ](/news/2010/10/22/three-bombs-explode-in-front-of-government-offices-in-kirovohrad-ukraine-ahead-of-a-visit-by-president-viktor-yanukovych.md) _Context: Ukraine, Viktor Yanukovych_
9. [Viktor Yanukovych and Dmitry Medvedev agree to extend the lease between Kiev and Moscow that allows Russia's Black Sea Fleet to be stationed in Ukraine in return for cheaper gas until 2042. ](/news/2010/04/21/viktor-yanukovych-and-dmitry-medvedev-agree-to-extend-the-lease-between-kiev-and-moscow-that-allows-russia-s-black-sea-fleet-to-be-stationed.md) _Context: Ukraine, Viktor Yanukovych_
10. [Ukrainian opposition leader Viktor Yanukovych appears to win the 2010 presidential election, with 98% of the ballots counted. ](/news/2010/02/8/ukrainian-opposition-leader-viktor-yanukovych-appears-to-win-the-2010-presidential-election-with-98-of-the-ballots-counted.md) _Context: Ukraine, Viktor Yanukovych_
