### [2004-01-17](/news/2004/01/17/index.md)

#  George Papandreou of Greece promised that he will suggest to sign a mutual agreement with Turkey for lowering their defense military expenses. (Greek).




### Related:

1. [IHS Jane's reports satellite photos, taken in mid-September, show Russian forces developing two additional military facilities near Syria's Mediterranean coast. ](/news/2015/09/22/ihs-jane-s-reports-satellite-photos-taken-in-mid-september-show-russian-forces-developing-two-additional-military-facilities-near-syria-s.md) _Context: military_
2. [Three members of the British Armed Forces are being investigated by military lawyers over alleged abuse of Iraqi detainees. ](/news/2010/11/9/three-members-of-the-british-armed-forces-are-being-investigated-by-military-lawyers-over-alleged-abuse-of-iraqi-detainees.md) _Context: military_
3. [A parcel bomb delivered to the public order ministry in Athens, addressed to counter-terrorism minister Michalis Chrysohoidis, is opened by an aide, instantly killing him; Chrysohoidis is unhurt. Prime Minister George Papandreou labels it a terrorist attack. ](/news/2010/06/24/a-parcel-bomb-delivered-to-the-public-order-ministry-in-athens-addressed-to-counter-terrorism-minister-michalis-chrysohoidis-is-opened-by.md) _Context: George Papandreou_
4. [One hundred thousand Greeks participate in a general strike in Greece to protest against "austerity measures" set up by the recent Papandreou's gouverment. ](/news/2010/05/5/one-hundred-thousand-greeks-participate-in-a-general-strike-in-greece-to-protest-against-austerity-measures-set-up-by-the-recent-papandreo.md) _Context: George Papandreou_
5. [ A coalition of charity, faith groups and unions have warned Tony Blair that any military action against Iran would have "unthinkable" consequences. ](/news/2007/02/5/a-coalition-of-charity-faith-groups-and-unions-have-warned-tony-blair-that-any-military-action-against-iran-would-have-unthinkable-conse.md) _Context: military_
6. [ Iran fires dozens of unarmed missiles to begin 10 days of military war games, with "ranges from 300 km to up to 2,000 km," some of which have "the capacity to carry 1,400 bombs," Iranian state television reported. ](/news/2006/11/2/iran-fires-dozens-of-unarmed-missiles-to-begin-10-days-of-military-war-games-with-ranges-from-300-km-to-up-to-2-000-km-some-of-which-ha.md) _Context: military_
7. [ Canada announces it will be increasing its non-military role in Iraq, while NATO is currently undecided about sending more support to Iraq. ](/news/2004/06/9/canada-announces-it-will-be-increasing-its-non-military-role-in-iraq-while-nato-is-currently-undecided-about-sending-more-support-to-iraq.md) _Context: military_
8. [ U.S.-led occupation of Iraq: Brigadier General Mark Hertling, a top US commander in charge of Najaf, Iraq, states "The Moqtada militia is militarily defeated. We have killed scores of them over the last few weeks, and that is in Najaf alone.&nbsp;... The militia have been defeated, or have left." US Coalition patrols and checkpoints are still active around Najaf and its twin city of Kufa, Iraq. ](/news/2004/06/6/u-s-led-occupation-of-iraq-brigadier-general-mark-hertling-a-top-us-commander-in-charge-of-najaf-iraq-states-the-moqtada-militia-is-m.md) _Context: military_
9. [ Education in Greece: George Papandreou, junior talks about the possibility to allow private universities in Greece. (Greek)](/news/2004/01/9/education-in-greece-george-papandreou-junior-talks-about-the-possibility-to-allow-private-universities-in-greece-greek.md) _Context: George Papandreou_
10. [ Costas Simitis, the prime minister of Greece and president of the ruling PASOK, after informing the country's president Costis Stephanopoulos, announced his resignation. At the same time he announced national elections for March 7, 2004, when PASOK will have a new president, expected to be George Papandreou. PASOK will be challenged by the New Democracy opposition led by Kostas Karamanlis. See, (Greek) and, (English).](/news/2004/01/7/costas-simitis-the-prime-minister-of-greece-and-president-of-the-ruling-pasok-after-informing-the-country-s-president-costis-stephanopoul.md) _Context: George Papandreou_
