### [2011-02-24](/news/2011/02/24/index.md)

# A Saudi Arabian student is arrested in Texas for allegedly planning a terrorist attack against the Dallas home of former President of the United States George W. Bush as a target as well as New York City and dams in California and Colorado. 




### Source:

1. [AP via KIII-TV](http://www.kiiitv.com/Global/story.asp?S=14134222)
2. [MSNBC](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/21134540/vp/41758905#41758905)
3. [NBC](http://www.nbcnewyork.com/news/local-beat/Suspected-Terrorist-had-116832343.html)
3. [Cover Image](http://media.nbcnewyork.com/images/1200*675/aldawsari2.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The George W. Bush Presidential Center in Dallas, Texas, is dedicated in the presence of President of the United States Barack Obama, former president George W. Bush and all living former presidents. The complex will be opened to the public on May 1. ](/news/2013/04/25/the-george-w-bush-presidential-center-in-dallas-texas-is-dedicated-in-the-presence-of-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-former.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Texas, U.S. President_
2. [ The President of the United States George W. Bush arrives in Saudi Arabia to discuss rising fuel prices with King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia. Saudi Arabia later announces plans to raise its output by 300,000 barrels a day. ](/news/2008/05/16/the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-arrives-in-saudi-arabia-to-discuss-rising-fuel-prices-with-king-abdullah-of-saudi-arabia.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Saudi Arabia, U.S. President_
3. [ President George W. Bush declares that an "emergency exists" in areas of California and authorises the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) to coordinate relief. ](/news/2007/10/23/president-george-w-bush-declares-that-an-emergency-exists-in-areas-of-california-and-authorises-the-federal-emergency-management-agency.md) _Context: California, George W. Bush, U.S. President_
4. [ U.S. President George W. Bush praises the Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon for his ""courageous initiative"" to pull all Israeli settlements out of the Gaza Strip, however Bush also told Sharon not to expand other existing settlements. The two leaders met in Texas, USA. ](/news/2005/04/11/u-s-president-george-w-bush-praises-the-israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-for-his-courageous-initiative-to-pull-all-israeli-settlem.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Texas, U.S. President_
5. [ U.S. President George W. Bush's hometown newspaper, the Crawford, Texas, "Lone Star Iconoclast", endorses Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry. The editorial column asked Texan voters "not to rate the candidate by his hometown.&nbsp;.&nbsp;. but instead by where he intends to take the country." In the last election, the paper endorsed Bush. ](/news/2004/09/28/u-s-president-george-w-bush-s-hometown-newspaper-the-crawford-texas-lone-star-iconoclast-endorses-democratic-presidential-candidate.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Texas, U.S. President_
6. [ Same-sex marriage in the United States: U.S. President George W. Bush announces his support for a constitutional amendment to ban same-sex marriage. Bush did not explicitly endorse the Federal Marriage Amendment, proposed by Representative Marilyn Musgrave (R&ndash;Colorado), which has been criticised for potentially also denying states the ability to recognise same-sex civil unions and domestic partnerships. However, he said that the FMA ""meets his principles"" in protecting the ""sanctity of marriage"" between men and women.](/news/2004/02/24/same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-u-s-president-george-w-bush-announces-his-support-for-a-constitutional-amendment-to-ban-same-sex.md) _Context: Colorado, George W. Bush, U.S. President_
7. [ Texas Governor George W. Bush announces his intention to seek the Republican Party's nomination for President of the United States.](/news/1999/06/12/texas-governor-george-w-bush-announces-his-intention-to-seek-the-republican-party-s-nomination-for-president-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Texas, U.S. President_
8. [U.S. President Donald Trump arrives in Saudi Arabia, his first of three scheduled foreign trips. Trump signs an arms deal with King Salman worth more than US$100 billion. ](/news/2017/05/20/u-s-president-donald-trump-arrives-in-saudi-arabia-his-first-of-three-scheduled-foreign-trips-trump-signs-an-arms-deal-with-king-salman-w.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, U.S. President_
9. [The United States Senate and House of Representatives override the veto of President Barack Obama in regards to the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act. The act narrows the scope of the legal doctrine of foreign sovereign immunity, specifically, in this instance against the sovereign nation of Saudi Arabia. The action is the first such congressional veto override to Obama. ](/news/2016/09/28/the-united-states-senate-and-house-of-representatives-override-the-veto-of-president-barack-obama-in-regards-to-the-justice-against-sponsors.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, U.S. President_
10. [Voters go to the polls in six states, including California and New Jersey, with Hillary Clinton gaining enough delegates to become the presumptive nominee of the Democratic Party. She will be the first woman nominee by a major party to run for President of the United States. ](/news/2016/06/7/voters-go-to-the-polls-in-six-states-including-california-and-new-jersey-with-hillary-clinton-gaining-enough-delegates-to-become-the-presu.md) _Context: California, U.S. President_
