### [2011-02-24](/news/2011/02/24/index.md)

# Palestinian militants fire two Grad-model Katyusha rockets at Beersheba, Israel; the Israeli Air Force responds with attacks on targets in the Gaza Strip. 

Katyushas cause extensive damage, are first Grad launch since Cast Lead; IAF strikes rocket launching cell in northern Gaza Strip.


### Source:

1. [AFP via ''Brisbane Courier-Mail](http://www.couriermail.com.au/news/breaking-news/israeli-jets-hit-gaza-after-rocket-atack/story-e6freoo6-1226011508317)
2. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Defense/Article.aspx?id=209581)

### Related:

1. [The Israeli air force launches early morning airstrikes on smuggling tunnels along Gaza-Egypt border as well as a Hamas training camp in Gaza following Palestinian militants' rocket attacks against Beersheba and Ashkelon, Israel. ](/news/2011/03/24/the-israeli-air-force-launches-early-morning-airstrikes-on-smuggling-tunnels-along-gaza-egypt-border-as-well-as-a-hamas-training-camp-in-gaz.md) _Context: Beersheba, Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli Air Force, Palestinian_
2. [Islamic Jihad militants in the Gaza Strip fire ten mortars at the Eshkol, Sha'ar Hanegev region, and Grad rockets at the Israeli cities of Ashkelon and Beersheba; one person is injured in Beersheba. ](/news/2011/03/23/islamic-jihad-militants-in-the-gaza-strip-fire-ten-mortars-at-the-eshkol-sha-ar-hanegev-region-and-grad-rockets-at-the-israeli-cities-of-a.md) _Context: Beersheba, Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian_
3. [Operation Protective Edge:The death toll in the Gaza Strip since the beginning of Israeli air strikes reaches 120. The IAF has performed over 1,300 airstrikes since the beginning of the operation. ](/news/2014/07/12/operation-protective-edge-pthe-death-toll-in-the-gaza-strip-since-the-beginning-of-israeli-air-strikes-reaches-120-the-iaf-has-performed-ov.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli Air Force_
4. [A Palestinian sniper kills a Bedouin laborer who was repairing the Israeli fence surrounding Gaza; following this, the Israeli Military attacked targets in Gaza with airstrikes and ground forces, killing at least one Palestinian three-year-old child and wounding several others.](/news/2013/12/24/a-palestinian-sniper-kills-a-bedouin-laborer-who-was-repairing-the-israeli-fence-surrounding-gaza-following-this-the-israeli-military-atta.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian_
5. [Israeli Air Force planes attack the Gaza Strip after two rockets were fired into southern Israel on Sunday night. ](/news/2013/06/24/israeli-air-force-planes-attack-the-gaza-strip-after-two-rockets-were-fired-into-southern-israel-on-sunday-night.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli Air Force_
6. [Gaza-Israel clashes continue as Palestinian militants fire more Qassam rockets into Israel overnight. 2 people are killed, including a militant, and 25 are injured during Israeli Air Force strikes on the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2012/03/12/gaza-israel-clashes-continue-as-palestinian-militants-fire-more-qassam-rockets-into-israel-overnight-2-people-are-killed-including-a-milit.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli Air Force_
7. [The Israeli Air Force bombs the Gaza Strip after Hamas militants launch a missile attack on Israel. ](/news/2011/07/14/the-israeli-air-force-bombs-the-gaza-strip-after-hamas-militants-launch-a-missile-attack-on-israel.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli Air Force_
8. [Israeli tanks enter the northern Gaza Strip; some fighting occurs killing one Palestinian and injuring two others in response to Palestinian militants who had detonated an explosive device targeting an army patrol along the border ](/news/2011/01/18/israeli-tanks-enter-the-northern-gaza-strip-some-fighting-occurs-killing-one-palestinian-and-injuring-two-others-in-response-to-palestinian.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian_
9. [The Palestinian militant group "Army of Islam" fires rockets from Gaza into southern Israel in response to the killing of three of its members by Israel last month, with one rocket landing close to a kindergarten near Ashkelon, injuring a 14-year-old girl; Israeli jets respond with air strikes in the Gaza Strip, injuring at least two Palestinian militants, Palestinian sources say. ](/news/2010/12/21/the-palestinian-militant-group-army-of-islam-fires-rockets-from-gaza-into-southern-israel-in-response-to-the-killing-of-three-of-its-membe.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian_
10. [The Israeli Air Force launches several air strikes on the Gaza Strip following a BM-21 Grad missile strike by the Aza Din al-Kassem Gazan militant group on the Israeli town of Ashkelon. A Hamas rocket maker is killed and 13 other people are injured. ](/news/2010/07/30/the-israeli-air-force-launches-several-air-strikes-on-the-gaza-strip-following-a-bm-21-grad-missile-strike-by-the-aza-din-al-kassem-gazan-mi.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli Air Force_
