### [2003-02-6](/news/2003/02/6/index.md)

#  In the United Kingdom, seven more arrests have been made under the Terrorism Act 2000 in raids in the cities of Edinburgh, Glasgow, London and Manchester.




### Related:

1. [At least six Britons from Manchester and Glasgow are killed in a bus crash in Saudi Arabia while they were on pilgrimage. ](/news/2017/01/19/at-least-six-britons-from-manchester-and-glasgow-are-killed-in-a-bus-crash-in-saudi-arabia-while-they-were-on-pilgrimage.md) _Context: Glasgow, Manchester_
2. [British activists with the Black Lives Matter movement from America block the road to Heathrow Airport and to streets in Manchester, Birmingham, and Nottingham, marking the fifth anniversary of the deadly police shooting of Mark Duggan in north London. Ten protestors are arrested. ](/news/2016/08/5/british-activists-with-the-black-lives-matter-movement-from-america-block-the-road-to-heathrow-airport-and-to-streets-in-manchester-birming.md) _Context: London, Manchester_
3. [Tens of thousands of protesters march through London, Glasgow and Belfast in a series of demonstrations against UK government austerity measures. ](/news/2012/10/20/tens-of-thousands-of-protesters-march-through-london-glasgow-and-belfast-in-a-series-of-demonstrations-against-uk-government-austerity-meas.md) _Context: Glasgow, London_
4. [Rioting continues in London with lawlessness spreading to other English cities such as Liverpool, Manchester, Bristol and Birmingham. ](/news/2011/08/9/rioting-continues-in-london-with-lawlessness-spreading-to-other-english-cities-such-as-liverpool-manchester-bristol-and-birmingham.md) _Context: London, Manchester_
5. [Rioting hits other English cities including Manchester, Salford, Liverpool, Nottingham and Birmingham, though London is largely quiet. ](/news/2011/08/10/rioting-hits-other-english-cities-including-manchester-salford-liverpool-nottingham-and-birmingham-though-london-is-largely-quiet.md) _Context: London, Manchester_
6. [Students and union members stage protest marches in London and Manchester against increases in tuition fees and public spending cuts in the United Kingdom. ](/news/2011/01/29/students-and-union-members-stage-protest-marches-in-london-and-manchester-against-increases-in-tuition-fees-and-public-spending-cuts-in-the.md) _Context: London, Manchester_
7. [The Dow Live Earth Run for Water started on April 18th. The host cities are: Buenos Aires, Cape Town, Chicago, Hong Kong, Jimbaran, London, Los Angeles, Manchester, Melbourne, Mexico City, Milan, Minneapolis, New York, Lisboa, Rio de Janeiro, SGBPo Paulo, Singapore City, Stockholm, Toronto and Washington, D.C.. ](/news/2010/04/18/the-dow-live-earth-run-for-water-started-on-april-18th-the-host-cities-are-buenos-aires-cape-town-chicago-hong-kong-jimbaran-london.md) _Context: London, Manchester_
8. [ Court in the United Kingdom hears of how two doctors planned car bomb attacks on London and Glasgow airports in revenge for how UK was treating Muslims ](/news/2008/10/9/court-in-the-united-kingdom-hears-of-how-two-doctors-planned-car-bomb-attacks-on-london-and-glasgow-airports-in-revenge-for-how-uk-was-trea.md) _Context: Glasgow, London_
9. [A fire at the 79-story Dubai Torch Tower in the United Arab Emirates, which forced nighttime evacuations, was under control in a few hours with no serious injuries immediately reported. The building's exterior was still being renovated from a fire in February, 2015, which investigators had blamed, at least in part, to flammable siding, echoing the findings of this past June's Grenfell Tower fire in London. ](/news/2017/08/4/a-fire-at-the-79-story-dubai-torch-tower-in-the-united-arab-emirates-which-forced-nighttime-evacuations-was-under-control-in-a-few-hours-w.md) _Context: London_
10. [At a news briefing in London, the CEO of Smartmatic, the Venezuelan-owned multinational company that provided the election system used in Sunday's election, says the number of those participating in the poll was tampered with, off by at least one million. ](/news/2017/08/2/at-a-news-briefing-in-london-the-ceo-of-smartmatic-the-venezuelan-owned-multinational-company-that-provided-the-election-system-used-in-su.md) _Context: London_
