### [2004-07-23](/news/2004/07/23/index.md)

#  A special prosecutor files genocide charges against former President of Mexico Luis Echeverra for actions taken by the Mexican military during a student protest in 1971.




### Related:

1. [ A Mexican federal court suspends the genocide trial of former President Luis Echeverria. ](/news/2007/07/12/a-mexican-federal-court-suspends-the-genocide-trial-of-former-president-luis-echeverraa.md) _Context: Mexico, President, genocide_
2. [ In Mexico Judge Csar Flores refuses to authorize an arrest warrant for former president Luis Echeverra and other officials under the accusations of genocide for the killing of students during the "dirty war". Prosecutors are expected to appeal the decision. ](/news/2004/07/24/in-mexico-judge-cesar-flores-refuses-to-authorize-an-arrest-warrant-for-former-president-luis-echeverria-and-other-officials-under-the-accu.md) _Context: Luis Echeverra, Mexico, genocide_
3. [ Ignacio Carrill, the Special Prosecutor for Past Social and Political Movements in Mexico, presents the findings of the investigation into the "dirty war", where it classifies the killings by government forces as genocide, and requests warrants be issued for the arrest of former president Luis Echeverra and 11 other ex-government figures. ](/news/2004/07/22/ignacio-carrill-the-special-prosecutor-for-past-social-and-political-movements-in-mexico-presents-the-findings-of-the-investigation-into.md) _Context: Luis Echeverra, Mexico, genocide_
4. [Luis Videgaray Caso resigns as Mexico's finance minister amid fallout over President Enrique Pena Nieto's controversial meeting with U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump in Mexico City. Videgaray is revealed to have been the main advocate of arranging the meeting. ](/news/2016/09/7/luis-videgaray-caso-resigns-as-mexico-s-finance-minister-amid-fallout-over-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-s-controversial-meeting-with-u-s-p.md) _Context: Mexico, President_
5. [Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto proposes legalizing marijuana for medical purposes and easing limits for personal use of the drug. He said he would be sending a bill to the Congress to increase the amount users can legally carry from the current five grams to 28 (0.18-1oz). The news comes just two days after he addressed the United Nations General Assembly at a special session on drug policy and is seen as a chance to re-think the current strategy of fighting drug-trafficking, especially in Mexico where the fighting has killed tens of thousands of people. ](/news/2016/04/22/mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-proposes-legalizing-marijuana-for-medical-purposes-and-easing-limits-for-personal-use-of-the-drug-he.md) _Context: Mexico, President_
6. [Voters in Mexico go to the polls for a legislative election with reports of violence in southern states and widespread voter disillusionment. Exit polls show the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party of President Enrique Pena Nieto in a position to retain power. ](/news/2015/06/7/voters-in-mexico-go-to-the-polls-for-a-legislative-election-with-reports-of-violence-in-southern-states-and-widespread-voter-disillusionment.md) _Context: Mexico, President_
7. [The ruling Mexican National Action Party (PAN) endorses Josefina Vzquez Mota as its candidate for the Presidential election, the first time that a major Mexican party has endorsed a woman to run for President of Mexico. ](/news/2012/02/5/the-ruling-mexican-national-action-party-pan-endorses-josefina-vazquez-mota-as-its-candidate-for-the-presidential-election-the-first-time.md) _Context: Mexico, President_
8. [Former President of Mexico Vicente Fox calls for the legalisation of drugs in Mexico. ](/news/2010/08/9/former-president-of-mexico-vicente-fox-calls-for-the-legalisation-of-drugs-in-mexico.md) _Context: Mexico, President_
9. [Mexican President Felipe Caldern's visit to a community centre in Ciudad Jurez where 13 teenagers and two adults were shot dead at a school party on 31 January is disrupted by murders, riot police and dozens of protesters. ](/news/2010/02/12/mexican-president-felipe-calderon-s-visit-to-a-community-centre-in-ciudad-juarez-where-13-teenagers-and-two-adults-were-shot-dead-at-a-schoo.md) _Context: Mexico, President_
10. [ In Montevideo, President of Mexico Felipe Calderon and President of Uruguay Tabare Vazquez sign a Strategic Association accord to strengthen political dialogue and bilateral trade relations. ](/news/2009/08/14/in-montevideo-president-of-mexico-felipe-caldera3n-and-president-of-uruguay-tabara-c-va-zquez-sign-a-strategic-association-accord-to-streng.md) _Context: Mexico, President_
