### [2011-01-15](/news/2011/01/15/index.md)

# Veteran Labour Party TD Michael D. Higgins writes to the Irish Department of Justice regarding the activities of undercover British police officer Mark Kennedy, who infiltrated protest movements across Europe, including several on Republic of Ireland territory. He describes it as "of grave concern" and that "this type of activity undermines respect for the law and it is very sinister in that it can damage good causes." 

A BRITISH undercover police officer who infiltrated protest movements across Europe over seven years made several visits to Ireland&hellip;


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/uk/2011/jan/14/third-undercover-police-spy-cardiff?intcmp=239)
2. [The Irish Times](http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/ireland/2011/0115/1224287577245.html)
2. [Cover Image](http://www.irishtimes.com/assets/images/favicons/irishtimes.png)

### Related:

1. [Veteran Irish Labour Party TD Michael D. Higgins demands that the British government explain why one of Britain's undercover policemen was operating on Republic of Ireland territory on May Day 2004, as the European Union expanded to the east. Higgins compares it to illegal activities carried out by British state agents in the same country during the 1970s. ](/news/2011/01/14/veteran-irish-labour-party-td-michael-d-higgins-demands-that-the-british-government-explain-why-one-of-britain-s-undercover-policemen-was-o.md) _Context: Irish, Labour Party, Michael D. Higgins, TD_
2. [Voters in Ireland go to the polls for a general election. Exit polls indicate that the ruling coalition of Fine Gael party led by Enda Kenny and the Labour Party will fall short of re-election with 34% of the vote between them. ](/news/2016/02/26/voters-in-ireland-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-exit-polls-indicate-that-the-ruling-coalition-of-fine-gael-party-led-by-enda-kenny.md) _Context: Irish, Labour Party_
3. [Members of Ireland's police force Garda Siochana raid the Dublin home of former MEP Paul Murphy TD, taking Murphy into custody along with three other activists and politicians opposing the water-tax-rate change, stirring nationwide speculation of "political policing." The police later release all four without charges. ](/news/2015/02/9/members-of-ireland-s-police-force-garda-saocha-na-raid-the-dublin-home-of-former-mep-paul-murphy-td-taking-murphy-into-custody-along-with.md) _Context: Irish, TD_
4. [In Ireland, thousands of people attend an anti-austerity rally at Dublin Castle, where EU finance ministers are meeting. Opposition TDs Richard Boyd Barrett, Joan Collins and Joe Higgins address the demonstration. ](/news/2013/04/13/in-ireland-thousands-of-people-attend-an-anti-austerity-rally-at-dublin-castle-where-eu-finance-ministers-are-meeting-opposition-tds-rich.md) _Context: Irish, TD_
5. [Ireland's Minister of State for Primary Care Risn Shortall resigns due to a dispute with Minister for Health James Reilly. She also resigns from the Labour Party. ](/news/2012/09/26/ireland-s-minister-of-state-for-primary-care-roisin-shortall-resigns-due-to-a-dispute-with-minister-for-health-james-reilly-she-also-resign.md) _Context: Irish, Labour Party_
6. [Ireland's Labour Party tops an opinion poll, the first time in the country's history that this has occurred and an event which would "radically alter" Irish politics in a general election. ](/news/2010/06/10/ireland-s-labour-party-tops-an-opinion-poll-the-first-time-in-the-country-s-history-that-this-has-occurred-and-an-event-which-would-radica.md) _Context: Irish, Labour Party_
7. [ An institutional child abuse museum is suggested in Ireland by the Labour Party's Ruairi Quinn, with Education Minister Batt O'Keeffe criticising the Opposition on the issue. ](/news/2009/07/7/an-institutional-child-abuse-museum-is-suggested-in-ireland-by-the-labour-party-s-ruairi-quinn-with-education-minister-batt-o-keeffe-criti.md) _Context: Irish, Labour Party_
8. [Irish low-cost airline Ryanair cancels 82 Sunday flights as the first step in a six-week program that will eliminate 40 to 50 flights daily to wipe out its crew vacation backlog in order to meet Irish Aviation Authority requirements by the end of this year. ](/news/2017/09/16/irish-low-cost-airline-ryanair-cancels-82-sunday-flights-as-the-first-step-in-a-six-week-program-that-will-eliminate-40-to-50-flights-daily.md) _Context: Irish_
9. [A 3 year-old boy is stabbed to death in an incident in the Poddle Park area of Kimmage in Dublin, Ireland. The child's mother, believed to be an Iranian national, is being treated for knife wounds in hospital. ](/news/2017/07/10/a-3-year-old-boy-is-stabbed-to-death-in-an-incident-in-the-poddle-park-area-of-kimmage-in-dublin-ireland-the-child-s-mother-believed-to-b.md) _Context: Irish_
10. [Leo Varadkar becomes the new party leader of Fine Gael, after winning 51 of 73 votes in the parliamentary party, and is expected to become Taoiseach (Prime Minister) of Ireland, which would make him the youngest and first openly gay man to be Taoiseach, as well as being the first of half-Indian descent. ](/news/2017/06/2/leo-varadkar-becomes-the-new-party-leader-of-fine-gael-after-winning-51-of-73-votes-in-the-parliamentary-party-and-is-expected-to-become-t.md) _Context: Irish_
