### [2014-03-15](/news/2014/03/15/index.md)

# Jack Lew, the U.S. Treasury Secretary, speaks to Wang Yang, vice premier of the People's Republic of China, and expresses U.S. approval of China's new, wider, daily trading band for its renminbi.  




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/03/16/us-china-yuanband-lew-idUSBREA2F0MZ20140316)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. administration's nominee to become next Treasury Secretary, Jack Lew, testifies before the financial committee of the United States Senate at the start of his confirmation hearing. ](/news/2013/02/13/the-u-s-administration-s-nominee-to-become-next-treasury-secretary-jack-lew-testifies-before-the-financial-committee-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: Jack Lew, Treasury Secretary_
2. [The Senate of the United States passes the Currency Exchange Rate Oversight Reform Act of 2011 designed to press the People's Republic of China to raise the value of the Renminbi. ](/news/2011/10/11/the-senate-of-the-united-states-passes-the-currency-exchange-rate-oversight-reform-act-of-2011-designed-to-press-the-people-s-republic-of-ch.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, yuan_
3. [ In another regional leadership reshuffle following the 17th Party Congress in the People's Republic of China, Minister of Commerce Bo Xilai is appointed the CPC Chongqing Committee Secretary, replacing Wang Yang, who is now Party Secretary in Guangdong. Zhang Dejiang resigns from his posts in Guangdong. ](/news/2007/12/1/in-another-regional-leadership-reshuffle-following-the-17th-party-congress-in-the-people-s-republic-of-china-minister-of-commerce-bo-xilai.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, Wang Yang_
4. [ The People's Republic of China plans to peg its currency, the yuan, to a basket of ten currencies instead of only the U.S. dollar, according to its state press. [http://money.inq7.net/breakingnews/view_breakingnews.php?yyyy=2003&mon=12&dd=22&file=9]](/news/2003/12/22/the-people-s-republic-of-china-plans-to-peg-its-currency-the-yuan-to-a-basket-of-ten-currencies-instead-of-only-the-u-s-dollar-accordin.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, yuan_
5. [A spokesman for the Taiwan Affairs Office of People's Republic of China says Taiwan is barred from observing this year's World Health Assembly because current President Tsai Ing-wen has not endorsed the Beijing view that both sides belong to a single China under the One-China policy; the spokesman further said that the health of people in Taiwan is not being put at risk by Taiwan's inability to attend. ](/news/2017/05/10/a-spokesman-for-the-taiwan-affairs-office-of-people-s-republic-of-china-says-taiwan-is-barred-from-observing-this-yearas-world-health-asse.md) _Context: People's Republic of China_
6. [Ten people have died, five are injured and four missing after a bus plunges into a river in China's Guizhou province. ](/news/2017/04/17/ten-people-have-died-five-are-injured-and-four-missing-after-a-bus-plunges-into-a-river-in-china-s-guizhou-province.md) _Context: People's Republic of China_
7. [People's Republic of China detains Taiwanese political activist Lee Ming-che on suspicion of endangering national security and revokes his wife's travel permit. ](/news/2017/04/10/people-s-republic-of-china-detains-taiwanese-political-activist-lee-ming-che-on-suspicion-of-endangering-national-security-and-revokes-his-w.md) _Context: People's Republic of China_
8. [The People's Republic of China lodges a complaint with the United States after President-elect of the United States Donald Trump speaks with President of Taiwan Tsai Ing-wen. The PRC and the United States view Taiwan as a breakaway province. ](/news/2016/12/3/the-people-s-republic-of-china-lodges-a-complaint-with-the-united-states-after-president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-speaks-with.md) _Context: People's Republic of China_
9. [The People's Republic of China returns a United States unmanned underwater drone that it seized in the South China Sea last week. ](/news/2016/12/20/the-people-s-republic-of-china-returns-a-united-states-unmanned-underwater-drone-that-it-seized-in-the-south-china-sea-last-week.md) _Context: People's Republic of China_
10. [United States President-elect Donald Trump holds a telephone conversation with Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen, the first known contact between a U.S. president or president-elect with a Taiwanese leader since the United States recognized the People's Republic of China in 1979. ](/news/2016/12/2/united-states-president-elect-donald-trump-holds-a-telephone-conversation-with-taiwanese-president-tsai-ing-wen-the-first-known-contact-bet.md) _Context: People's Republic of China_
