### [2014-10-18](/news/2014/10/18/index.md)

# A McKeesport, Pennsylvania fire leaves family with a loss of six lives. 

A family has been left heartbroken after flames tore through a McKeesport home Saturday morning, leaving six loved ones dead and one hospitalized.


### Source:

1. [WPXI](http://www.wpxi.com/news/news/local/1-hospitalized-after-mckeesport-house-fire/nhmfF/)

### Related:

1. [Pittsburgh police arrest Ryan Williams for the October 18, 2014 McKeesport, Pennsylvania arson attack and charge him with arson, burglary, and six counts of criminal homicide. The victims include four children ages 2 through 7. ](/news/2015/01/16/pittsburgh-police-arrest-ryan-williams-for-the-october-18-2014-mckeesport-pennsylvania-arson-attack-and-charge-him-with-arson-burglary-a.md) _Context: McKeesport, Pennsylvania_
2. [Traditional cigarette smoking is a major risk factor for bladder cancer. e-Cigarettes have gained popularity, in part because they are perceived as a safer alternative. Researchers at the University of Pittsburgh in Pennsylvania describe at the American Urological Association a study in which the widely held belief that e-cigarettes do not pose a cancer threat may be wishful thinking. The new pilot study that focuses on the potential impact on bladder cancer. The small study showed that two known carcinogens, o-toluidine and 2-naphthylamine, were found in the urine of e-cigarette users but not in nonusers. Previous studies of traditional cigarette smokers have identified o-toluidine and 2-naphthylamine as the two most carcinogenic molecules for the bladder. ](/news/2017/05/15/traditional-cigarette-smoking-is-a-major-risk-factor-for-bladder-cancer-e-cigarettes-have-gained-popularity-in-part-because-they-are-perce.md) _Context: Pennsylvania_
3. [The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-expands-beyond-ohio-with-the.md) _Context: Pennsylvania_
4. [Authorities in the state of Pennsylvania discover the Seoul virus, a member of the Hantavirus family, in a contained scientific breeding-facility for rats.  ](/news/2017/02/17/authorities-in-the-state-of-pennsylvania-discover-the-seoul-virus-a-member-of-the-hantavirus-family-in-a-contained-scientific-breeding-fac.md) _Context: Pennsylvania_
5. [Jill Stein, the 2016 presidential candidate for the Green Party, withdraws her lawsuit in the Commonwealth Court of Pennsylvania for a statewide recount of votes in Pennsylvania due to the cost. ](/news/2016/12/3/jill-stein-the-2016-presidential-candidate-for-the-green-party-withdraws-her-lawsuit-in-the-commonwealth-court-of-pennsylvania-for-a-state.md) _Context: Pennsylvania_
6. [The campaign of Jill Stein files for a recount in Pennsylvania and plans to do so in Michigan. ](/news/2016/11/28/the-campaign-of-jill-stein-files-for-a-recount-in-pennsylvania-and-plans-to-do-so-in-michigan.md) _Context: Pennsylvania_
7. [The campaign of Republican president-elect Donald Trump has called the planned recounts by Green nominee Jill Stein's campaign in Wisconsin, Pennsylvania and Michigan a "scam" and has criticized the participation of the campaign of Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton. ](/news/2016/11/27/the-campaign-of-republican-presidentaelect-donald-trump-has-called-the-planned-recounts-by-green-nominee-jill-stein-s-campaign-in-wisconsi.md) _Context: Pennsylvania_
8. [The Clinton campaign announces it will participate in efforts to push for recounts by Jill Stein's campaign in Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin. ](/news/2016/11/26/the-clinton-campaign-announces-it-will-participate-in-efforts-to-push-for-recounts-by-jill-stein-s-campaign-in-michigan-pennsylvania-and-wi.md) _Context: Pennsylvania_
9. [Jill Stein's campaign to hold recounts in Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin receives grassroots support, having crowdfunded millions of dollars through private donations. ](/news/2016/11/25/jill-stein-s-campaign-to-hold-recounts-in-michigan-pennsylvania-and-wisconsin-receives-grassroots-support-having-crowdfunded-millions-of.md) _Context: Pennsylvania_
10. [Former Presidential Green Party candidate Jill Stein is seeking donations for recount efforts in Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin. ](/news/2016/11/24/former-presidential-green-party-candidate-jill-stein-is-seeking-donations-for-recount-efforts-in-michigan-pennsylvania-and-wisconsin.md) _Context: Pennsylvania_
