### [2013-05-5](/news/2013/05/5/index.md)

# Communist insurgency in the Philippines:. New People's Army attack a mining site at Sipalay, Negros Occidental and burn equipment. A firefight ensues leaving five soldiers dead and two wounded. 

Five soldiers were killed and two others were wounded yesterday during pursuit operations against communist New People’s Army (NPA) rebels who attacked a mining complex in Sipalay City, Negros Occidental late Friday. 


### Source:

1. [Philippine Star](http://www.philstar.com/headlines/2013/05/05/938501/npas-raid-mining-site-5-soldiers-dead)

### Related:

1. [CPP-NPA-NDF rebellion. Twenty Philippine Army soldiers are under investigation after they are suspected of mutilating the body of a New People's Army member. The communist militant's eyes were gouged, his tongue was cut off and his throat was slit. ](/news/2016/07/6/cpp-npa-ndf-rebellion-twenty-philippine-army-soldiers-are-under-investigation-after-they-are-suspected-of-mutilating-the-body-of-a-new-peop.md) _Context: CPP-NPA-NDF rebellion, New People's Army_
2. [Regions of the Philippines. President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte abolishes the Negros Island Region (first created in 2015 by his predecessor) through Executive Order no. 38, citing lack of funds to fully establish the region. Negros Occidental reverts back to the Western Visayas region, Negros Oriental back to the Central Visayas region. ](/news/2017/08/9/regions-of-the-philippines-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-abolishes-the-negros-island-region-first-created-in-2015-by-his-pr.md) _Context: Negros Occidental_
3. [CPP-NPA-NDF rebellion. President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte indefinitely freezes the peace talks with the Communist Party of the Philippines after numerous attacks by the communist rebels on government forces. The President also vowed to re-orient anew the offensive against the Party's armed wing the New People's Army. ](/news/2017/07/21/cpp-npa-ndf-rebellion-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-indefinitely-freezes-the-peace-talks-with-the-communist-party-of-the.md) _Context: New People's Army_
4. [CPP-NPA-NDF rebellion. The government of the Philippines and the Communist Party cancel peace talks after president Rodrigo Duterte declares martial law in Mindanao. ](/news/2017/05/28/cpp-npa-ndf-rebellion-the-government-of-the-philippines-and-the-communist-party-cancel-peace-talks-after-president-rodrigo-duterte-declares.md) _Context: CPP-NPA-NDF rebellion_
5. [Human Rights Watch and the Philippine Commission on Human Rights condemn the murders of an indigenous Lumad family and the rape of an indigenous Manobo girl by soldiers and militiamen of the Philippine Army under the guise of fighting a communist rebellion. ](/news/2015/09/9/human-rights-watch-and-the-philippine-commission-on-human-rights-condemn-the-murders-of-an-indigenous-lumad-family-and-the-rape-of-an-indige.md) _Context: CPP-NPA-NDF rebellion_
6. [Communist insurgency in the Philippines. Adelberto Silva, the highest ranked leader of the Communist Party of the Philippines and New People's Army, has been arrested. ](/news/2015/06/2/communist-insurgency-in-the-philippines-adelberto-silva-the-highest-ranked-leader-of-the-communist-party-of-the-philippines-and-new-people.md) _Context: New People's Army_
7. [The Philippines and the local Communist Party agree to renew talks that may lead to a peace treaty which could end the 46-year communist insurgency in the country. ](/news/2014/12/26/the-philippines-and-the-local-communist-party-agree-to-renew-talks-that-may-lead-to-a-peace-treaty-which-could-end-the-46-year-communist-ins.md) _Context: CPP-NPA-NDF rebellion_
8. [Communist insurgency in the Philippines. Top leaders and couple of the CPP-NPA-NDF, Benito and Wilma Tiamzon was arrested by joint military and police forces in Aloguinsan, Cebu. Wilma Tiamzon is the secretary general of militant group while Benito is the chairman. ](/news/2014/03/22/communist-insurgency-in-the-philippines-top-leaders-and-couple-of-the-cpp-npa-ndf-benito-and-wilma-tiamzon-was-arrested-by-joint-military.md) _Context: New People's Army_
9. [The New People's Army, the armed branch of the Communist Party of the Philippines, torches 3 taxis in Panabo, Davao del Norte, just before a Christmas 'truce'. ](/news/2013/12/24/the-new-people-s-army-the-armed-branch-of-the-communist-party-of-the-philippines-torches-3-taxis-in-panabo-davao-del-norte-just-before-a.md) _Context: New People's Army_
10. [Seven Philippine police officers are killed by a New People's Army land mine in the municipality of Allacapan, Cagayan. ](/news/2013/05/27/seven-philippine-police-officers-are-killed-by-a-new-people-s-army-land-mine-in-the-municipality-of-allacapan-cagayan.md) _Context: New People's Army_
