### [2013-05-5](/news/2013/05/5/index.md)

# Malaysia's ruling coalition Barisan Nasional retains a majority of parliamentary seats in the general election. 




### Source:

1. [FT](http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d618b5d8-b5ac-11e2-a51b-00144feabdc0.html)

### Related:

1. [Malaysia's Prime Minister Najib Razak dissolves parliament and advises all the state governments, except Negeri Sembilan and Sarawak to do the same, in preparation for general election. ](/news/2013/04/3/malaysia-s-prime-minister-najib-razak-dissolves-parliament-and-advises-all-the-state-governments-except-negeri-sembilan-and-sarawak-to-do-t.md) _Context: Malaysia, general election_
2. [ The Malaysian opposition party PAS defeats the government party UMNO in the by-election at Permatang Pasir, Penang. ](/news/2009/08/25/the-malaysian-opposition-party-pas-defeats-the-government-party-umno-in-the-by-election-at-permatang-pasir-penang.md) _Context: Barisan Nasional, Malaysia_
3. [ Malaysian opposition party PAS wins the Manek Urai by-election against government-led Barisan Nasional. ](/news/2009/07/14/malaysian-opposition-party-pas-wins-the-manek-urai-by-election-against-government-led-barisan-nasional.md) _Context: Barisan Nasional, Malaysia_
4. [ Three members of the State Legislative Assembly in Perak state, Malaysia from the People's Alliance declare themselves independent and pledge support for the National Front, sparking a constitutional crisis. ](/news/2009/02/5/three-members-of-the-state-legislative-assembly-in-perak-state-malaysia-from-the-people-s-alliance-declare-themselves-independent-and-pled.md) _Context: Barisan Nasional, Malaysia_
5. [ The Pan-Malaysian Islamic Party defeats Barisan Nasional in Malaysia's Kuala Terengganu by-election. ](/news/2009/01/17/the-pan-malaysian-islamic-party-defeats-barisan-nasional-in-malaysia-s-kuala-terengganu-by-election.md) _Context: Barisan Nasional, Malaysia_
6. [ Malaysia's opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim says he expects to seize power by December by winning over defectors of the ruling Barisan Nasional government. ](/news/2008/10/11/malaysia-s-opposition-leader-anwar-ibrahim-says-he-expects-to-seize-power-by-december-by-winning-over-defectors-of-the-ruling-barisan-nasio.md) _Context: Barisan Nasional, Malaysia_
7. [ Shahrir Abdul Samad resigns as chairman of the Barisan Nasional Backbenchers Club in the Parliament of Malaysia, after a motion to refer a Member of Parliament implicated in a corruption scandal to the "Dewan Rakyat" House Rights and Privileges Committee failed. ](/news/2006/05/4/shahrir-abdul-samad-resigns-as-chairman-of-the-barisan-nasional-backbenchers-club-in-the-parliament-of-malaysia-after-a-motion-to-refer-a.md) _Context: Barisan Nasional, Malaysia_
8. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Malaysia_
9. [Indonesia, Malaysia and the Philippines begin joint patrols in the pirate havens within the Celebes and Sulu Seas. ](/news/2017/06/19/indonesia-malaysia-and-the-philippines-begin-joint-patrols-in-the-pirate-havens-within-the-celebes-and-sulu-seas.md) _Context: Malaysia_
10. [North Korea temporarily bans all Malaysian nationals (estimated to be at least 11 people including embassy employees) from leaving the country amid a growing dispute between the two countries over the death of Kim Jong-nam, the half-brother of Kim Jong-un. Malaysian official Khairy Jamaluddin calls the move "tantamount to taking hostages". ](/news/2017/03/7/north-korea-temporarily-bans-all-malaysian-nationals-estimated-to-be-at-least-11-people-including-embassy-employees-from-leaving-the-count.md) _Context: Malaysia_
