### [2013-05-5](/news/2013/05/5/index.md)

# Six people are wounded during a drive-by shooting outside a McDonald's restaurant in East Palo Alto, California, United States. 




### Source:

1. [Huffington Post](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/05/06/east-palo-alto-mcdonalds_n_3223814.html?ir=San+Francisco)
2. [San Francisco Chronicle](http://www.sfgate.com/columns/article/Six-people-shot-at-East-Palo-Alto-McDonald-s-4490167.php)

### Related:

1. [Seven people are shot and wounded at a family gathering in an apparent gang-related drive-by shooting in Galt, California, United States. ](/news/2013/03/16/seven-people-are-shot-and-wounded-at-a-family-gathering-in-an-apparent-gang-related-drive-by-shooting-in-galt-california-united-states.md) _Context: California, United States, drive-by shooting_
2. [Lake Mead in Mohave County, Arizona, the largest reservoir in the United States, drops to its lowest level in history, declining to its lowest level since it was filled in the 1930s. The reservoir serves water to the states of Arizona, Nevada and California. ](/news/2016/05/21/lake-mead-in-mohave-county-arizona-the-largest-reservoir-in-the-united-states-drops-to-its-lowest-level-in-history-declining-to-its-lowe.md) _Context: California, United States_
3. [In the United States, a Lancair IV plane crashes into a car stopped along a highway, 50 miles north of San Diego, California, killing car passenger Antoinette "Toni" Frances Isbelle, a member of the WFTDA's San Diego Starlettes roller derby team. Five others, including the pilot, are hospitalized. ](/news/2016/04/2/in-the-united-states-a-lancair-iv-plane-crashes-into-a-car-stopped-along-a-highway-50-miles-north-of-san-diego-california-killing-car-pa.md) _Context: California, United States_
4. [U.S. federal health officials are investigating an outbreak of deadly E. coli bacteria that has sickened 19 people in California, Colorado, Missouri, Montana, Utah, Virginia, and Washington. Preliminary evidence suggests that rotisserie chicken salad made and sold in Costco Wholesale stores is the likely source. This follows a totally unrelated outbreak earlier this month connected to Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants. Those restaurants have been cleaned, new ingredients ordered, and have been reopened. The Costco E. coli 157 strain, which has caused five people to be hospitalized- two of which developed hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS; which can readily lead to acute renal failure and sepsis), is more dangerous than the Chipotle E. coli 026 strain, though there have been no deaths yet. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-federal-health-officials-are-investigating-an-outbreak-of-deadly-e-coli-bacteria-that-has-sickened-19-people-in-california-colorado.md) _Context: California, United States_
5. [The Obama Administration, through its appointment of a majority of board members on the Democratic-controlled U.S. National Labor Relations Board's 3&ndash;2 ruling in the Browning-Ferris case uses an expanded definition of joint employer when determining if a parent company shares responsibility for workers hired by a subcontractor or franchisee. The Republican-controlled US Congress responded to arguments from businesses such as the International Franchise Association by adding another NLRB-related rider to the budget to block implementation of this latest ruling. Browning-Ferris  can appeal the decision to a federal appeals court. The ruling could affect current unionization and pay efforts at McDonald's franchises. ](/news/2015/08/27/the-obama-administration-through-its-appointment-of-a-majority-of-board-members-on-the-democratic-controlled-u-s-national-labor-relations.md) _Context: McDonald's, United States_
6. [In the United States, the California Labor Commission ruled that a San Francisco Uber driver is a company employee, not a contractor. Uber is appealing this ruling, that would increase the company's costs and liabilities, to the state's court system. A hearing for a class certification of a similar lawsuit against Uber is scheduled for August 2015. ](/news/2015/06/17/in-the-united-states-the-california-labor-commission-ruled-that-a-san-francisco-uber-driver-is-a-company-employee-not-a-contractor-uber-i.md) _Context: California, United States_
7. [Health authorities in the United States say that 53 people in nine states have been sickened in a salmonella outbreak. California is the worst affected state with 31 cases with the other states with cases include Arizona, Illinois, Mississippi, New Mexico, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin. ](/news/2015/05/21/health-authorities-in-the-united-states-say-that-53-people-in-nine-states-have-been-sickened-in-a-salmonella-outbreak-california-is-the-wor.md) _Context: California, United States_
8. [A limousine catches fire on the San Mateo Bridge in Hayward, California, United States killing five women and injuring four trapped inside. ](/news/2013/05/5/a-limousine-catches-fire-on-the-san-mateo-bridge-in-hayward-california-united-states-killing-five-women-and-injuring-four-trapped-inside.md) _Context: California, United States_
9. [At least one person is killed, and ten people are injured after a party bus collides with a passenger car near Burlingame, California, United States. ](/news/2013/05/26/at-least-one-person-is-killed-and-ten-people-are-injured-after-a-party-bus-collides-with-a-passenger-car-near-burlingame-california-unite.md) _Context: California, United States_
10. [2013 Korean crisis:The United States decides to delay a long-planned intercontinental ballistic missile test scheduled for next week at the Vandenberg Air Force Base in California, following tensions with North Korea. ](/news/2013/04/7/2013-korean-crisis-pthe-united-states-decides-to-delay-a-long-planned-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-test-scheduled-for-next-week-at-the.md) _Context: California, United States_
