### [2003-05-21](/news/2003/05/21/index.md)

#  An explosion occurs inside the Yale University's Sterling Law School Building in New Haven, Connecticut, damaging two rooms. Investigators from the Joint Terrorism Task Force respond. No injuries reported. Authorities strongly believe the explosion was caused by a pipe bomb.




### Related:

1. [The FBI's Joint Terrorism Task Force, United States Secret Service and New York City Police Department are investigating a letter containing a suspicious white powder and a threatening note which was sent to the home of Eric Trump, son of Donald Trump, in New York City. The handwritten note within the letter said: "If your father does not drop out of the race, the next envelope won't be a fake." It was signed "X". ](/news/2016/03/18/the-fbi-s-joint-terrorism-task-force-united-states-secret-service-and-new-york-city-police-department-are-investigating-a-letter-containing.md) _Context: Joint Terrorism Task Force_
2. [One person is killed and six others injured in an explosion at JCG Farms, an American feed mill near Atlanta, Georgia. ](/news/2016/02/7/one-person-is-killed-and-six-others-injured-in-an-explosion-at-jcg-farms-an-american-feed-mill-near-atlanta-georgia.md) _Context: explosion_
3. [A pipe bomb explodes on a Bayrampasa overpass near the city's central metro station in suburban Istanbul, Turkey leaving five people injured. ](/news/2015/12/1/a-pipe-bomb-explodes-on-a-bayrampaaa-overpass-near-the-city-s-central-metro-station-in-suburban-istanbul-turkey-leaving-five-people-injure.md) _Context: pipe bomb_
4. [Lennart Anderson died at age 87 in Brooklyn, New York. Also a teacher at several notable institutions such as Pratt Institute, the Art Students League of New York, Yale, Princeton, Columbia, and Brooklyn College, Anderson's influence was felt by generations of artists.](/news/2015/10/15/lennart-anderson-died-at-age-87-in-brooklyn-new-york-also-a-teacher-at-several-notable-institutions-such-as-pratt-institute-the-art-stude.md) _Context: Yale_
5. [A large explosion, which triggers other explosions and a fire (which threatens a nearby forest) at a fireworks factory in southeastern Italy (Modugno, Metropolitan City of Bari, Apulia Region) kills 7 people and injures several more, some seriously. Emergency vehicles were on the scene and the cause is being investigated; it is the peak season for fireworks in Italy because of the summer festivals there. ](/news/2015/07/24/a-large-explosion-which-triggers-other-explosions-and-a-fire-which-threatens-a-nearby-forest-at-a-fireworks-factory-in-southeastern-italy.md) _Context: explosion_
6. [ Two explosions in the Nigerian city of Gombe killed at least 29 people. ](/news/2015/07/22/two-explosions-in-the-nigerian-city-of-gombe-killed-at-least-29-people.md) _Context: explosion_
7. [A man opens fire at policemen outside the police headquarters in the Texan city of Dallas, while a bag containing a pipe bomb is also found. He was later shot dead by police snipers following a car chase and standoff. ](/news/2015/06/13/a-man-opens-fire-at-policemen-outside-the-police-headquarters-in-the-texan-city-of-dallas-while-a-bag-containing-a-pipe-bomb-is-also-found.md) _Context: pipe bomb_
8. [A natural gas explosion in Springfield, Massachusetts levels two buildings and damages others, injuring at least 18 people. ](/news/2012/11/24/a-natural-gas-explosion-in-springfield-massachusetts-levels-two-buildings-and-damages-others-injuring-at-least-18-people.md) _Context: explosion_
9. [Masked men in camouflage gear attack homes in the mainly nationalist Short Strand area of East Belfast, with pipe bombs and Molotov cocktails being thrown. ](/news/2011/06/20/masked-men-in-camouflage-gear-attack-homes-in-the-mainly-nationalist-short-strand-area-of-east-belfast-with-pipe-bombs-and-molotov-cocktail.md) _Context: pipe bomb_
10. [45,000 Inca artefacts taken by Yale University from Machu Picchu almost a century ago, and described by the president as "the dignity and pride of Peru", arrive in Lima after a long campaign by Peruvians to have them returned. ](/news/2011/03/30/45-000-inca-artefacts-taken-by-yale-university-from-machu-picchu-almost-a-century-ago-and-described-by-the-president-as-the-dignity-and-pr.md) _Context: Yale_
