### [2015-01-9](/news/2015/01/9/index.md)

# 2015 Baga massacre: Refugees flee Nigeria's Borno State following the Boko Haram massacre in the town of Baga. 7,300 flee to neighbouring Chad while over 1,000 are trapped on the island of Kangala in Lake Chad. Nigeria's army vows to recapture the town, while Niger and Chad withdraw their forces from a transnational force tasked with combating militants. 

UNHCR teams in Chad are at the border and seeking information on the new arrivals and their needs. The newly arrived are staying with local communities.


### Source:

1. [NPR via BBC](http://www.npr.org/blogs/thetwo-way/2015/01/09/376122497/reports-of-boko-haram-led-massacre-in-captured-nigerian-town)
2. [UNHCR](http://www.unhcr.org/54afb6dc9.html)

### Related:

1. [Boko Haram insurgency: Boko Haram militants attack Chad for the first time after 30 fighters crossed Lake Chad in four motorboats and attacked the village of Ngouboua. Chad recently joined Nigeria, Niger, and Cameroon in a military coalition against Boko Haram. ](/news/2015/02/13/boko-haram-insurgency-boko-haram-militants-attack-chad-for-the-first-time-after-30-fighters-crossed-lake-chad-in-four-motorboats-and-attack.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Chad, Lake Chad, Niger_
2. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria: Three suicide bombers at Lake Chad kill at least 30 people and injure at least 80 others. Three women carried out the attack at a weekly market on an island on the Chadian side of the lake. No group claims responsibility; officials suspect the attacks were carried out by members of the Boko Haram militant group from neighboring Nigeria. ](/news/2015/12/5/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-three-suicide-bombers-at-lake-chad-kill-at-least-30-people-and-injure-at-least-80-others-three-women-carrie.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Chad, Lake Chad_
3. [Boko Haram insurgency: An overnight raid by suspected Boko Haram militants on Niger's southern border town of Abadam, kills two Nigerien Army soldiers and three civilians. And, separately, a suicide-bomb attack on Lake Chad killed three of the attackers but no one else. A military convoy was also ambushed by militants in northern Cameroon, although there were no reported deaths. ](/news/2015/12/23/boko-haram-insurgency-an-overnight-raid-by-suspected-boko-haram-militants-on-niger-s-southern-border-town-of-abadam-kills-two-nigerien-arm.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Lake Chad, Niger_
4. [Boko Haram insurgency: A Boko Haram attack near Lake Chad kills at least 11 Chadian troops while 17 Boko Haram militants are also reportedly killed in the fighting following the pre-dawn strike on Chadian army positions. ](/news/2015/10/6/boko-haram-insurgency-a-boko-haram-attack-near-lake-chad-kills-at-least-11-chadian-troops-while-17-boko-haram-militants-are-also-reportedly.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Chad, Lake Chad_
5. [Boko Haram insurgency: Timeline of Boko Haram insurgency: Suspected militants from the Nigerian Islamist group Boko Haram killed 26 people in attacks on two villages on Lake Chad, Chad. ](/news/2015/07/8/boko-haram-insurgency-timeline-of-boko-haram-insurgency-suspected-militants-from-the-nigerian-islamist-group-boko-haram-killed-26-people-i.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Chad, Lake Chad_
6. [Boko Haram: Boko Haram captures Karamga island in Lake Chad from Niger, killing many soldiers. ](/news/2015/04/26/boko-haram-boko-haram-captures-karamga-island-in-lake-chad-from-niger-killing-many-soldiers.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Lake Chad, Niger_
7. [Boko Haram: Forces from Niger and Chad launch a ground and air offensive against Boko Haram Islamist militants in northeastern Nigeria. ](/news/2015/03/8/boko-haram-forces-from-niger-and-chad-launch-a-ground-and-air-offensive-against-boko-haram-islamist-militants-in-northeastern-nigeria.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Chad, Niger_
8. [2015 Baga massacre: Boko Haram militants raze the entire town of Baga in north-east Nigeria. Bodies lay strewn on Baga's streets with as many as 2,000 people having been killed. Boko Haram now controls 70% of Borno State, which is the worst-affected by the insurgency. ](/news/2015/01/8/2015-baga-massacre-boko-haram-militants-raze-the-entire-town-of-baga-in-north-east-nigeria-bodies-lay-strewn-on-baga-s-streets-with-as-man.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Borno State, attack_
9. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria:: Suspected Islamist Boko Haram fighters have abducted dozens of boys and men in Doron Baga, a remote, sandy fishing village in the northeast, in Borno State, near Lake Chad. ](/news/2014/08/15/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-suspected-islamist-boko-haram-fighters-have-abducted-dozens-of-boys-and-men-in-doron-baga-a-remote-sandy.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Borno State, Lake Chad_
10. [Nigeria, Niger, Cameroon, Benin, and Chad join together to combat Boko Haram. ](/news/2014/05/17/nigeria-niger-cameroon-benin-and-chad-join-together-to-combat-boko-haram.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Chad, Niger_
