### [2015-01-9](/news/2015/01/9/index.md)

# A 193-vehicle pileup along a snowy Interstate 94 highway in Kalamazoo County, Michigan leaves one motorist dead and 20 injured. A fire among the vehicles which includes a chemical tanker and a truck loaded with fireworks further compounds the disaster. The debris and fire closes the expressway for over 14 hours. Exploding fireworks hit rescue workers injuring an additional three. 

Several vehicles were burning in the pileup west of exit 92, including a truck that carried 44,000 pounds of hazardous materials and another hauling fireworks. Shortly before noon, those fireworks caught fire, causing an extended display of aerial explosions.


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://www.wzzm13.com/story/news/local/kalamazoo/2015/01/09/closed-serious-crash/21493615/)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2015/01/10/us/michigan-traffic-pileup/)

### Related:

1. [Seven people are killed and another injured in multiple shooting incidents in Kalamazoo County in the American state of Michigan. A 45-year-old man was later arrested in the city of Kalamazoo ](/news/2016/02/20/seven-people-are-killed-and-another-injured-in-multiple-shooting-incidents-in-kalamazoo-county-in-the-american-state-of-michigan-a-45-year.md) _Context: Kalamazoo County, Michigan, Michigan_
2. [Minnesota State Police, after issuing three warnings,  arrest 18 people who were blocking  Interstate 94 in St. Paul. A peaceful  protest started  following Friday's acquittal of St. Anthony police officer Jeronimo Yanez, who was charged with manslaughter in the fatal shooting of Philando Castile. ](/news/2017/06/17/minnesota-state-police-after-issuing-three-warnings-arrest-18-people-who-were-blocking-interstate-94-in-st-paul-a-peaceful-protest-st.md) _Context: Interstate 94_
3. [The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-expands-beyond-ohio-with-the.md) _Context: Michigan_
4. [Ford announces that it has cancelled plans to build a $1.6 billion plant in Mexico, long criticized by U.S. President-elect Donald Trump, and will invest $700 million in its Michigan plant in Flat Rock, potentially creating 700 new jobs from the investment and expansion of the plant. ](/news/2017/01/3/ford-announces-that-it-has-cancelled-plans-to-build-a-1-6-billion-plant-in-mexico-long-criticized-by-u-s-president-elect-donald-trump-an.md) _Context: Michigan_
5. [Mark A. Goldsmith, a United States district judge on the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan ends a recount for the state of Michigan after a state court found that Green Party of the United States candidate Jill Stein had no standing to seek a recount. ](/news/2016/12/7/mark-a-goldsmith-a-united-states-district-judge-on-the-united-states-district-court-for-the-eastern-district-of-michigan-ends-a-recount-fo.md) _Context: Michigan_
6. [ A federal judge in Michigan, Mark A. Goldsmith, rules that a recount in the Presidential Election vote in that state must begin on Monday, December 5. ](/news/2016/12/5/a-federal-judge-in-michigan-mark-a-goldsmith-rules-that-a-recount-in-the-presidential-election-vote-in-that-state-must-begin-on-monday.md) _Context: Michigan_
7. [A Federal appeals court upholds the November 10 lower court  order that Michigan must deliver bottled water or provide in-home filtration to all qualified residents affected by lead contamination in the city of Flint. ](/news/2016/12/16/a-federal-appeals-court-upholds-the-november-10-lower-court-order-that-michigan-must-deliver-bottled-water-or-provide-in-home-filtration-to.md) _Context: Michigan_
8. [The campaign of Jill Stein files for a recount in Pennsylvania and plans to do so in Michigan. ](/news/2016/11/28/the-campaign-of-jill-stein-files-for-a-recount-in-pennsylvania-and-plans-to-do-so-in-michigan.md) _Context: Michigan_
9. [President-elect Donald Trump is declared as the winner in Michigan, causing his electoral college vote to rise to 306. Hillary Clinton's margin in the popular vote rises to over two million. ](/news/2016/11/28/president-elect-donald-trump-is-declared-as-the-winner-in-michigan-causing-his-electoral-college-vote-to-rise-to-306-hillary-clinton-s-mar.md) _Context: Michigan_
10. [The campaign of Republican president-elect Donald Trump has called the planned recounts by Green nominee Jill Stein's campaign in Wisconsin, Pennsylvania and Michigan a "scam" and has criticized the participation of the campaign of Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton. ](/news/2016/11/27/the-campaign-of-republican-presidentaelect-donald-trump-has-called-the-planned-recounts-by-green-nominee-jill-stein-s-campaign-in-wisconsi.md) _Context: Michigan_
