### [2015-04-16](/news/2015/04/16/index.md)

# The United States Congress negotiates a deal to fast track the Trans-Pacific Partnership between the US and Australia, Brunei, Canada, Chile, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru, Singapore and Vietnam. 




### Source:

1. [Al-Jazeera](http://america.aljazeera.com/articles/2015/4/16/deal-reached-to-fast-track-trans-pacific-partnership.html)

### Related:

1. [Myanmar tops the 2015 Charities Aid Foundation's World Giving Index which measures each country's charitable behavior. Individuals indicate whether they have donated money, volunteered, or helped a stranger in the past month. The United States, which tied with Myanmar last year, is second, followed by New Zealand, Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Sri Lanka, Ireland, and Malaysia. ](/news/2015/11/10/myanmar-tops-the-2015-charities-aid-foundation-s-world-giving-index-which-measures-each-country-s-charitable-behavior-individuals-indicate.md) _Context: Australia, Canada, Malaysia, New Zealand_
2. [Singapore, Vietnam, Indonesia and Hong Kong ban poultry imports from the Australian  state of Victoria while Japan bans imports from the whole of Australia following an outbreak of a low pathogenic form of the avian influenza (separate from the potentially deadly H5N1 strain).](/news/2012/02/1/singapore-vietnam-indonesia-and-hong-kong-ban-poultry-imports-from-the-australian-state-of-victoria-while-japan-bans-imports-from-the-who.md) _Context: Australia, Japan, Singapore, Vietnam_
3. [Philippines Foreign Secretary Albert del Rosario says Chinese coast guard ships that were sighted two weeks ago near the disputed Jackson Atoll in the northeast Dangerous Ground are no longer there today.  Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hong Lei said ships were dispatched to the area in late 2015 to salvage a fishing vessel that posed a risk to navigation. Chinese ships, "... persuaded fishing boats to leave the waters in an effort to ensure safety conditions for normal navigation," Hong said.  In addition to  China and the Philippines, Vietnam, Malaysia, Taiwan, and Brunei also lay claim to the Spratly Islands waters. ](/news/2016/03/2/philippines-foreign-secretary-albert-del-rosario-says-chinese-coast-guard-ships-that-were-sighted-two-weeks-ago-near-the-disputed-jackson-at.md) _Context: Brunei, Malaysia, Vietnam_
4. [The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) lifts the 32-year-old, lifetime ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men. Men can donate if they haven't had sex with another man in the previous year. The FDA stance is in line with other countries, such as Australia, Brazil, Canada, New Zealand, and the U.K., and is consistent with rules on recent blood transfusion or accidental exposure to another individual's blood.  ](/news/2015/12/21/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-fda-lifts-the-32-year-old-lifetime-ban-on-blood-donations-from-gay-and-bisexual-men-men-c.md) _Context: Australia, Canada, New Zealand_
5. [''Philippines v. China''The Philippines asks the International Court of Arbitration at The Hague to invalidate China's claims to virtually all of the South China Sea. The hearing was attended by observers from Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, Thailand, and Vietnam. ](/news/2015/07/9/philippines-v-china-pthe-philippines-asks-the-international-court-of-arbitration-at-the-hague-to-invalidate-china-s-claims-to-virtually.md) _Context: Japan, Malaysia, Vietnam_
6. [The People's Republic of China and Australia sign a free trade agreement in Canberra as Andrew Robb, Australia's Minister for Trade and Investment, warns that the United States Congress only has weeks to approve the Trans-Pacific Partnership. ](/news/2015/06/17/the-people-s-republic-of-china-and-australia-sign-a-free-trade-agreement-in-canberra-as-andrew-robb-australia-s-minister-for-trade-and-inve.md) _Context: Australia, Trans-Pacific Partnership, U.S. Congressional_
7. [The governments of the United States, Australia, New Zealand and the Netherlands protest the start of Japan's whaling season off the coast of Antarctica. ](/news/2011/12/14/the-governments-of-the-united-states-australia-new-zealand-and-the-netherlands-protest-the-start-of-japan-s-whaling-season-off-the-coast-o.md) _Context: Australia, Japan, New Zealand_
8. [2011 Puyehue eruption:Australian airlines QANTAS and Virgin Australia suspends flights to Perth, Western Australia, due to ash from the eruption in Chile, with flights to Tasmania and New Zealand also cancelled. ](/news/2011/06/15/2011-puyehue-eruption-paustralian-airlines-qantas-and-virgin-australia-suspends-flights-to-perth-western-australia-due-to-ash-from-the-eru.md) _Context: Australia, Chile, New Zealand_
9. [Australia and New Zealand mark Anzac Day. Events occur in Afghanistan, France, Turkey and Vietnam, while Julia Gillard heads to South Korea. ](/news/2011/04/25/australia-and-new-zealand-mark-anzac-day-events-occur-in-afghanistan-france-turkey-and-vietnam-while-julia-gillard-heads-to-south-korea.md) _Context: Australia, New Zealand, Vietnam_
10. [A Charities Aid Foundation survey finds that Australia, New Zealand and Canada are the most generous contributors to charity. ](/news/2010/09/8/a-charities-aid-foundation-survey-finds-that-australia-new-zealand-and-canada-are-the-most-generous-contributors-to-charity.md) _Context: Australia, Canada, New Zealand_
