### [2015-04-16](/news/2015/04/16/index.md)

# WikiLeaks publishes 30,287 documents and 173,132 emails resulting from the Sony Pictures Entertainment hack believed to be undertaken by North Korea. 

WikiLeaks has published 30,287 documents and 173,132 emails stemming from last winter&#8217;s cyber-attack on Sony Pictures Entertainment. The hack was reportedly initiated by North Korea in respo…


### Source:

1. [Variety](http://variety.com/2015/film/news/wikileaks-sony-hack-1201473964/)

### Related:

1. [North Korea-United States relations: The United States enacts more sanctions on North Korea in response to their alleged involvement in the hacking attack on Sony. The sanctions target the North Korean Special Operation Force and 10 government officials. ](/news/2015/01/2/north-korea-united-states-relations-the-united-states-enacts-more-sanctions-on-north-korea-in-response-to-their-alleged-involvement-in-th.md) _Context: North Korea, Sony Pictures Entertainment hack_
2. [Sony Pictures Entertainment hack: North Korea's embassy in Moscow issues a statement, saying: "The film "The Interview", produced by the U.S. studio Sony Pictures, is a very dangerous film product that justifies and promotes terrorism." ](/news/2014/12/26/sony-pictures-entertainment-hack-north-korea-s-embassy-in-moscow-issues-a-statement-saying-the-film-the-interview-produced-by-the-u-s.md) _Context: North Korea, Sony Pictures Entertainment hack_
3. [Sony Pictures Entertainment hack: The North Korean government denies the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigations's (FBI) accusation of involvement in hacking Sony's computers, asking the U.S. for a joint investigation and threatening "serious consequences" if the United States refuses the offer of cooperation. ](/news/2014/12/20/sony-pictures-entertainment-hack-the-north-korean-government-denies-the-u-s-federal-bureau-of-investigations-s-fbi-accusation-of-involve.md) _Context: North Korea, Sony Pictures Entertainment hack_
4. [Diplomatic cable leaks by Wikileaks reveal that China regarded North Korea as a "spoilt child" and the view of Korean reunification under South Korean leadership is "gaining ground". ](/news/2010/11/29/diplomatic-cable-leaks-by-wikileaks-reveal-that-china-regarded-north-korea-as-a-spoilt-child-and-the-view-of-korean-reunification-under-so.md) _Context: North Korea, WikiLeaks_
5. [Crime in North Korea: North Korea releases imprisoned Canadian pastor Hyeon Soo Lim on "sick bail." ](/news/2017/08/9/crime-in-north-korea-north-korea-releases-imprisoned-canadian-pastor-hyeon-soo-lim-on-sick-bail.md) _Context: North Korea_
6. [North Korea and the United Nations: The United Nations Security Council votes 15-0 to impose sanctions on North Korea for its intercontinental ballistic missile tests. ](/news/2017/08/5/north-korea-and-the-united-nations-the-united-nations-security-council-votes-15-0-to-impose-sanctions-on-north-korea-for-its-intercontine.md) _Context: North Korea_
7. [2017 North Korea crisis: The South Korean military reports North Korea has fired several short-range projectiles into the sea from its eastern Kangwon province. The U.S. military says three short-range missile launches either exploded on launch or failed in flight. ](/news/2017/08/26/2017-north-korea-crisis-the-south-korean-military-reports-north-korea-has-fired-several-short-range-projectiles-into-the-sea-from-its-easte.md) _Context: North Korea_
8. [North Korea-United States relations: In a video interview posted on the state-run website Uriminzokkiri, the two sons of James Joseph Dresnok (the last remaining American defector to North Korea) have confirmed that their father has died of a stroke last November 2016. ](/news/2017/08/21/north-korea-united-states-relations-in-a-video-interview-posted-on-the-state-run-website-uriminzokkiri-the-two-sons-of-james-joseph-dres.md) _Context: North Korea_
9. [2017 North Korea crisis: The International Institute for Strategic Studies releases a report arguing that North Korea has acquired a high-performance liquid-propellant engine for its missile program, probably from illicit networks in Russia and Ukraine, likely produced by Yuzhmash facilities. Ukraine denies the allegations. ](/news/2017/08/14/2017-north-korea-crisis-the-international-institute-for-strategic-studies-releases-a-report-arguing-that-north-korea-has-acquired-a-high-pe.md) _Context: North Korea_
10. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea test-launches what is presumed to be its first intercontinental ballistic missile 933 kilometers into the Sea of Japan within Japan's Exclusive Economic Zone. An American expert theorizes the ICBM, which reached an altitude of 2,802 km, could potentially reach the U.S. state of Alaska. ](/news/2017/07/4/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-test-launches-what-is-presumed-to-be-its-first-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-9.md) _Context: North Korea_
