### [2013-07-18](/news/2013/07/18/index.md)

# New Zealand police decide not to proceed with manslaughter charges against the managers of the Pike River Mine over the deaths of 29 workers in the 2010 Pike River Mine disaster. 

The families of 29 miners killed in a New Zealand pit explosion said Thursday they were gutted by a police decision not to lay manslaughter charges over the 2010 disaster.


### Source:

1. [AFP via Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2013/07/17/no-manslaughter-charges-over-new-zealand-mine-disaster/)

### Related:

1. [The New Zealand Royal Commission on the Pike River Mine disaster hears that a collapse in the coal extraction area was the most likely cause of the fatal blast in the mine on November 19, 2010 that claimed 29 lives. ](/news/2012/02/8/the-new-zealand-royal-commission-on-the-pike-river-mine-disaster-hears-that-a-collapse-in-the-coal-extraction-area-was-the-most-likely-cause.md) _Context: Pike River Mine, Pike River Mine disaster_
2. [Receivers of the Pike River Mine on the South Island of New Zealand lay off 114 workers following the closure of the mine after the Pike River Mine disaster. ](/news/2010/12/14/receivers-of-the-pike-river-mine-on-the-south-island-of-new-zealand-lay-off-114-workers-following-the-closure-of-the-mine-after-the-pike-riv.md) _Context: Pike River Mine, Pike River Mine disaster_
3. [A third explosion within a week occurs at the Pike River Mine on the South Island of New Zealand, where 29 men are presumed dead. ](/news/2010/11/26/a-third-explosion-within-a-week-occurs-at-the-pike-river-mine-on-the-south-island-of-new-zealand-where-29-men-are-presumed-dead.md) _Context: Pike River Mine, Pike River Mine disaster_
4. [Aftermath of the Six people are charged with various offences including manslaughter by gross negligence following the Hillsborough disaster in 1989. ](/news/2017/06/28/aftermath-of-the-six-people-are-charged-with-various-offences-including-manslaughter-by-gross-negligence-following-the-hillsborough-disaster.md) _Context: manslaughter by gross negligence_
5. [Following last month's manslaughter conviction, Israeli soldier Elor Azaria is sentenced to 18 months in prison by a military court for, during a violent incident, his deadly shooting of the wounded, unarmed, prone Palestinian Abdel Fattah al-Sharif, who had stabbed a soldier last March in Hebron. ](/news/2017/02/21/following-last-month-s-manslaughter-conviction-israeli-soldier-elor-azaria-is-sentenced-to-18-months-in-prison-by-a-military-court-for-dur.md) _Context: manslaughter by gross negligence_
6. [Jury selection begins for the trial of William Porter, a Baltimore, Maryland police officer charged with manslaughter and other charges surrounding the April 19 death of Freddie Gray.  Porter is the first of six officers to be tried. ](/news/2015/11/30/jury-selection-begins-for-the-trial-of-william-porter-a-baltimore-maryland-police-officer-charged-with-manslaughter-and-other-charges-surr.md) _Context: manslaughter by gross negligence_
7. [The U.S. Justice Department files criminal charges against three individuals and three companies--Black Elk, Grand Isle Shipyard and oil field services company Wood Group--in connection with a 2012 oil platform incident in the Gulf of Mexico that left three workers dead. The charges range from manslaughter to violations of the federal Clean Water Act.  ](/news/2015/11/20/the-u-s-justice-department-files-criminal-charges-against-three-individuals-and-three-companies-black-elk-grand-isle-shipyard-and-oil-fie.md) _Context: manslaughter by gross negligence_
8. [A volunteer police officer is charged with manslaughter in the shooting death of Eric Harris, an unarmed man who was shot while lying on his back in Tulsa, Oklahoma. ](/news/2015/04/13/a-volunteer-police-officer-is-charged-with-manslaughter-in-the-shooting-death-of-eric-harris-an-unarmed-man-who-was-shot-while-lying-on-his.md) _Context: manslaughter by gross negligence_
9. [In a five-day national dragnet last week, Operation Cross Check, the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) rounds up 2,059 people who had been convicted of crimes and had been living in the country illegally. Most were not violent criminals (none were implicated in terrorism; almost all the 912 misdemeanors were for driving under the influence, DWI; 476 of the felons were charged with an immigration violation, though some were convicted of manslaughter, robbery, rape, and child pornography). ](/news/2015/03/9/in-a-five-day-national-dragnet-last-week-operation-cross-check-the-u-s-immigration-and-customs-enforcement-ice-rounds-up-2-059-people-w.md) _Context: manslaughter by gross negligence_
10. [A court in Lismore, Australia, convicts the former National Rugby League player Craig Field of the manslaughter of Kelvin Kane outside the Kingscliff Hotel in 2012. ](/news/2014/12/9/a-court-in-lismore-australia-convicts-the-former-national-rugby-league-player-craig-field-of-the-manslaughter-of-kelvin-kane-outside-the-k.md) _Context: manslaughter by gross negligence_
