### [2015-10-24](/news/2015/10/24/index.md)

# Close to 300 landmarks in 60 countries, from the Pyramids in Egypt, to the Eiffel Tower in Paris, and the Empire State Building in New York, were lit up in blue -- the official color of the United Nations -- to commemorate the 70th anniversary of the world body. 




### Source:

1. [Blue photos UN](https://www.flickr.com/photos/unicphoto/sets/72157657328013193)
2. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/aponline/2015/10/23/world/ap-un-united-nations-at-70.html?_r=0)
3. [UN](http://www.un.org/apps/news/story.asp?NewsID=52346#.ViwB1G5BnYs)
3. [Cover Image](/News/dh/photos/large/2015/October/UNBlue_EDD6806_UN.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Egypt, United Nations_
2. [U.S. president-elect Donald Trump calls President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi of Egypt, who then agrees to postpone a United Nations resolution regarding Israel. ](/news/2016/12/22/u-s-president-elect-donald-trump-calls-president-abdel-fattah-el-sisi-of-egypt-who-then-agrees-to-postpone-a-united-nations-resolution-reg.md) _Context: Egypt, United Nations_
3. [One of the flight recorders of EgyptAir Flight 804 has been fully repaired in Paris after being found in the Mediterranean Sea and will now be sent to Egypt to be analyzed. ](/news/2016/06/28/one-of-the-flight-recorders-of-egyptair-flight-804-has-been-fully-repaired-in-paris-after-being-found-in-the-mediterranean-sea-and-will-now.md) _Context: Egypt, Paris_
4. [ EgyptAir Flight 804 between Paris and Cairo disappears with 56 passengers and 10 crew onboard. The plane was at 37,000 feet when it disappeared ten minutes before entering Egyptian airspace over the Mediterranean Sea. It is later reported to have crashed off the Greek island of Karpathos. Locals reported seeing a fireball. ](/news/2016/05/19/egyptair-flight-804-between-paris-and-cairo-disappears-with-56-passengers-and-10-crew-onboard-the-plane-was-at-37-000-feet-when-it-disappe.md) _Context: Egypt, Paris_
5. [A record 175 states sign the United Nations climate agreement in New York on opening day. The agreement will enter into force once 55 countries representing at least 55 percent of global emissions formally join it. ](/news/2016/04/22/a-record-175-states-sign-the-united-nations-climate-agreement-in-new-york-on-opening-day-the-agreement-will-enter-into-force-once-55-countr.md) _Context: New York City, United Nations_
6. [United Nations negotiators produce an early draft on an agreement to be put to a conference on climate change in Paris in December. ](/news/2015/02/13/united-nations-negotiators-produce-an-early-draft-on-an-agreement-to-be-put-to-a-conference-on-climate-change-in-paris-in-december.md) _Context: Paris, United Nations_
7. [The Eiffel Tower is evacuated for two hours after a man threatens to throw himself off, in the latest of a string of suicide bids from the Paris landmark. ](/news/2013/06/18/the-eiffel-tower-is-evacuated-for-two-hours-after-a-man-threatens-to-throw-himself-off-in-the-latest-of-a-string-of-suicide-bids-from-the-p.md) _Context: Eiffel Tower, Paris_
8. [The remains of a pyramid for an adviser to Pharaoh Ramses II is found in an archaelogical excavation in Luxor, Egypt. ](/news/2013/02/21/the-remains-of-a-pyramid-for-an-adviser-to-pharaoh-ramses-ii-is-found-in-an-archaelogical-excavation-in-luxor-egypt.md) _Context: Egypt, Pyramid_
9. [A gunman shoots and kills a former coworker near the Empire State Building in New York City. Following the initial shooting, police kill the gunman, and nine other people are wounded. ](/news/2012/08/24/a-gunman-shoots-and-kills-a-former-coworker-near-the-empire-state-building-in-new-york-city-following-the-initial-shooting-police-kill-the.md) _Context: Empire State Building, New York City_
10. [The United Nations appoints a special rapporteur to investigate the situation in Tibet, after hunger strikes occurred outside the United Nations Headquarters building in New York City. ](/news/2012/03/22/the-united-nations-appoints-a-special-rapporteur-to-investigate-the-situation-in-tibet-after-hunger-strikes-occurred-outside-the-united-nat.md) _Context: New York City, United Nations_
