### [2015-10-24](/news/2015/10/24/index.md)

# Hurricane Patricia, which hit the Mexican coast as a Category 5 storm, appeared to leave remarkably little damage as it moved rapidly inland over mountainous western Mexico and is now a tropical depression (35 mph/55 kph). The storm is currently centered northeast of Zacatecas, Mexico, moving  northeast at 24 mph/39 kph.   While there are no  reports of casualties or substantial widespread damage, authorities warn  deadly floods and mudslides remain possible. 

Hurricane Patricia has weakened dramatically from the monster Category 5 storm that made landfall in Mexico Friday evening, to a tropical depression as of early Saturday morning, but not before reportedly unleashing heavy rains that could cause deadly flooding and mudslides, according to...


### Source:

1. [NHC](http://www.nhc.noaa.gov/text/refresh/MIATCPEP5+shtml/241432.shtml)
2. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/hurricane-patricia-weakens-dumps-torrential-rain-mexico/story?id=34697707)
3. [CTV News](http://www.ctvnews.ca/world/mega-storm-patricia-drenches-mexico-as-it-weakens-1.2625751)

### Related:

1. [ Hurricane Patricia makes landfall at Playa Perula in Mexico's western Jalisco state . The storm strengthens into a powerful Category 5 hurricane with winds of 200 mph and gusts up to 245 mph. The NHC has called the storm "potentially catastrophic" for Mexico. Patricia is expected to produce total rainfall accumulations of 6 to 12 inches, with isolated maximum amounts of 20 inches, through Saturday. These rains could produce life-threatening flash floods and mud slides. ](/news/2015/10/23/hurricane-patricia-makes-landfall-at-playa-perula-in-mexico-s-western-jalisco-state-the-storm-strengthens-into-a-powerful-category-5-hurr.md) _Context: 2015 Pacific hurricane season, Category 1 hurricane, Hurricane Patricia_
2. [Typhoon Nida makes landfall near Hong Kong with  Category 1 hurricane strength. ](/news/2016/08/2/typhoon-nida-makes-landfall-near-hong-kong-with-category-1-hurricane-strength.md) _Context: Category 1 hurricane_
3. [Mexico's National Human Rights Commission says 22 people were executed by federal police during the 2015 Ecuandureo shootout in the western state of Michoacan last year.  ](/news/2016/08/18/mexico-s-national-human-rights-commission-says-22-people-were-executed-by-federal-police-during-the-2015-ecuandureo-shootout-in-the-western.md) _Context: western_
4. [Cyclone Megh had sustained winds of 204 km/h (127 mph), the equivalent of a Category 3 hurricane, when it hit the island of Socotra. According to AFP, Megh killed six, injured dozens with three reported missing and 5,000 people forced to leave their homes. ](/news/2015/11/9/cyclone-megh-had-sustained-winds-of-204-km-h-127-mph-the-equivalent-of-a-category-3-hurricane-when-it-hit-the-island-of-socotra-accordi.md) _Context: Category 1 hurricane_
5. ["''Ravaged by months of war, Yemen now gets battered by the first tropical storm on record to make landfall''." Extremely Severe Cyclonic Storm Chapala slams into Yemen's central coast,  with maximum sustained winds of around 140 kph (85 mph) -- the equivalent of a Category 1 hurricane. The storm floods coastal areas, brings down electricity lines and destroys houses, with severe threat of mudslides. Chapala is expected to pour over two or three years worth of rain, up to 300 millimeters (12 inches), in a single day. ](/news/2015/11/3/ravaged-by-months-of-war-yemen-now-gets-battered-by-the-first-tropical-storm-on-record-to-make-landfall-extremely-severe-cyclonic-st.md) _Context: Category 1 hurricane_
6. [Hurricane Patricia strengthens to Category 4 ahead of making landfall in Mexico. ](/news/2015/10/22/hurricane-patricia-strengthens-to-category-4-ahead-of-making-landfall-in-mexico.md) _Context: 2015 Pacific hurricane season_
7. [Tropical Storm Ignacio, currently headed north-northwest away from Hawaii, is anticipated  to turn northeast on Sunday, heading for the Alaskan panhandle and northwestern British Columbia. ](/news/2015/09/4/tropical-storm-ignacio-currently-headed-north-northwest-away-from-hawaii-is-anticipated-to-turn-northeast-on-sunday-heading-for-the-alas.md) _Context: 2015 Pacific hurricane season_
8. [Tropical Storm Niala forms off the coast of the Hawaiian islands with the likelihood of heavy rain on the island of Hawaii (''Big Island'') over the weekend. ](/news/2015/09/26/tropical-storm-niala-forms-off-the-coast-of-the-hawaiian-islands-with-the-likelihood-of-heavy-rain-on-the-island-of-hawaii-big-island.md) _Context: 2015 Pacific hurricane season_
9. [ Hurricane Ignacio, which has weakened to a Category 3 (115 mph) storm, is expected to side-step Hawaii this week though will still generate high surf, rain and powerful winds. The Big Island and Maui remain on a tropical storm watch. Ignacio may re-strengthen to a hurricane when he clears Oahu on Wednesday. ](/news/2015/08/30/hurricane-ignacio-which-has-weakened-to-a-category-3-115-mph-storm-is-expected-to-side-step-hawaii-this-week-though-will-still-generate.md) _Context: 2015 Pacific hurricane season_
10. [Hawaii Governor David Ige signs an emergency proclamation in anticipation of the arrival of Hurricane Ignacio on Monday. Ignacio is expected to strengthen to Category 2 this weekend. The state is still recovering from precipitation from Tropical Storm Kilo which skirted the islands earlier this week. In addition, Hurricane Jimena, which is expected to intensify to near category 5 strength on Saturday, is trailing Ignacio and also heading toward Hawaii. ](/news/2015/08/28/hawaii-governor-david-ige-signs-an-emergency-proclamation-in-anticipation-of-the-arrival-of-hurricane-ignacio-on-monday-ignacio-is-expected.md) _Context: 2015 Pacific hurricane season_
