### [2015-10-24](/news/2015/10/24/index.md)

# Israel and Jordan agree to take steps to quell violence at the Al-Aqsa Mosque in Jerusalem which includes round-the-clock monitoring of new security cameras there. Israel reaffirms Jordan's historic role as formal custodian of what is known to Jews as the Temple Mount and as Haram al-Sharif to Muslims. Yesterday, Israeli authorities lifted restrictions that had banned men aged under 40 from praying at al-Aqsa. 

ISRAEL-PALESTINIANS/ (TV, PIX, UPDATE 1):UPDATE 1-Jordan proposes TV cameras to defuse Jerusalem tensions - Kerry


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-34626425)
2. [Reuters](http://www.trust.org/item/20151024154737-9peqk)
3. [Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/kerry-travels-to-jordan-in-quest-to-stop-violence-in-israel/2015/10/24/a6c1dbe2-d518-46cd-b71d-355aee59bfc5_story.html)

### Related:

1. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem, Jordan, Muslim, holy place_
2. [UNESCO's executive board approves the "Occupied Palestine" resolution which reaffirms the cultural heritage of Palestine, especially East Jerusalem, and criticizes certain Israeli actions regarding the Palestinian territories. For the land in Jerusalem where the Al-Aqsa Mosque stands, the board uses only Islamic naming terms without also mentioning Jewish or Christian historical references. ](/news/2016/10/18/unesco-s-executive-board-approves-the-occupied-palestine-resolution-which-reaffirms-the-cultural-heritage-of-palestine-especially-east-je.md) _Context: Al-Aqsa Mosque, Israel, Jerusalem, Jewish_
3. [Two assailants are shot dead by Israeli police after knife-wielding Palestinians attacked Israelis in Jerusalem and in the West Bank. Another four people, including a Palestinian assailant, are injured in incidents at an Israeli checkpoint outside the West Bank city of Nablus and at a tram station in East Jerusalem. ](/news/2015/10/30/two-assailants-are-shot-dead-by-israeli-police-after-knife-wielding-palestinians-attacked-israelis-in-jerusalem-and-in-the-west-bank-anothe.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015), Jerusalem_
4. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met today in Berlin with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu regarding the recent spate of violence between Palestinians and Israelis. Kerry will meet on Saturday with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and King Abdullah of Jordan in Amman. ](/news/2015/10/22/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-met-today-in-berlin-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-regarding-the-recent-spate-of-violence.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015), Jordan_
5. [U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, during a surprise visit to Jerusalem today, calls for calm ahead of meetings with Israeli and Palestinian leaders in an effort to bring an end to the month-long wave of violence. ](/news/2015/10/20/u-n-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-during-a-surprise-visit-to-jerusalem-today-calls-for-calm-ahead-of-meetings-with-israeli-and-palestinia.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015), Jerusalem_
6. [ Israeli police and Palestinians clash at Temple Mount, Jerusalem's holiest site, resulting in 12 arrests. ](/news/2009/10/25/israeli-police-and-palestinians-clash-at-temple-mount-jerusalem-s-holiest-site-resulting-in-12-arrests.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem, holy place_
7. [ Over one hundred thousand people throughout Indonesia have taken part in anti-Israeli and anti-American protests.  The protest was organised by the Prosperous Justice Party in order to show Muslim unity regarding the Al Aqsa Mosque. ](/news/2005/04/17/over-one-hundred-thousand-people-throughout-indonesia-have-taken-part-in-anti-israeli-and-anti-american-protests-the-protest-was-organise.md) _Context: Al-Aqsa Mosque, Israel, Muslim_
8. [ In Israel, Jerusalem police deny members of Jewish organization Revava access to Temple Mount during Passover because of danger that they could use the situation to encourage violence. Revava has planned a pilgrimage to the site in April 10  ](/news/2005/03/30/in-israel-jerusalem-police-deny-members-of-jewish-organization-revava-access-to-temple-mount-during-passover-because-of-danger-that-they-c.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem, holy place_
9. [Two Druze Israeli police officers are killed in an attack at Temple Mount in Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/07/14/two-druze-israeli-police-officers-are-killed-in-an-attack-at-temple-mount-in-jerusalem.md) _Context: Jerusalem, holy place_
10. [In two simultaneous attacks near the Damascus Gate in Jerusalem, an Israeli policewoman is fatally stabbed; the three Palestinian assailants are shot dead. ISIL claims were questioned by Israeli authorities. As well, the PFLP and Hamas claim it was their members who did it. ](/news/2017/06/16/in-two-simultaneous-attacks-near-the-damascus-gate-in-jerusalem-an-israeli-policewoman-is-fatally-stabbed-the-three-palestinian-assailants.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem_
