### [2015-10-24](/news/2015/10/24/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War: Al-Nusra Front's (Al-Qaeda's branch in Syria) leader Abu Suleiman al-Masri is reportedly killed in the Aleppo province during clashes with the Syrian Army. 

The leader of the Syrian branch of al-Qaeda has reportedly been killed in Aleppo. Opposition figures told The Independent that three senior members of Jabhat al-Nusra had been killed, but could not confirm if any of them were the jihadist group&#039;s leader Abu Suleiman al-Masri.


### Source:

1. [Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/leader-of-syrian-branch-of-al-qaeda-abu-suleiman-al-masri-reportedly-killed-fighting-against-syrian-a6707396.html)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: Northern Aleppo offensive (2016): The Syrian Army, backed by the Russian Air Force, takes control of the town of Ratyan in the Aleppo Governorate, after defeating Al-Nusra Front and Ahrar ash-Sham fighters. ](/news/2016/02/6/syrian-civil-war-northern-aleppo-offensive-2016-the-syrian-army-backed-by-the-russian-air-force-takes-control-of-the-town-of-ratyan-in.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War, al-Nusra_
2. [Syrian Civil War: Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War: Russian airstrikes on a Al-Nusra Front (Al-Qaeda's branch in Syria)-run prison complex in the northern town of Maarrat al-Nu'man, Idlib, leaves nearly 60 people dead. Most of those killed were rebels imprisoned by Al-Nusra, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2016/01/9/syrian-civil-war-russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-russian-airstrikes-on-a-al-nusra-front-al-qaeda-s-branch-in-syria.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, al-Nusra, al-Qaeda_
3. [Syrian Civil War: Russian intervention in the Syrian Civil War: The Russian Government says Russian jets bombed Syria for the third consecutive day, hitting 12 Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) targets. The UK-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports that ISIL has no presence in the western and northern areas struck though Al-Qaeda's Syrian affiliate al-Nusra Front does. Russian planes also bombed Raqqah, the unofficial capital of ISIL. ](/news/2015/10/2/syrian-civil-war-russian-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-the-russian-government-says-russian-jets-bombed-syria-for-the-third-consecut.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, al-Nusra, al-Qaeda_
4. [Syrian civil war:: A suicide truck bomber attack by the Al-Qaeda-linked Al-Nusra Front on a government checkpoint outside Hama, Syria, kills at least 30 people, including a number of soldiers. ](/news/2013/10/20/syrian-civil-war-a-suicide-truck-bomber-attack-by-the-al-qaeda-linked-al-nusra-front-on-a-government-checkpoint-outside-hama-syria-kills.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, al-Nusra, al-Qaeda_
5. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Army captures at least 23 villages in North East Aleppo Governorate from ISIL in a matter of hours after an ISIL withdrawal caused by the SAA capturing Al-Khafsah. ](/news/2017/03/7/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-army-captures-at-least-23-villages-in-north-east-aleppo-governorate-from-isil-in-a-matter-of-hours-after-an-isi.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian Civil War: Tahrir al-Sham, al-Qaeda's branch in Syria, claims responsibility for yesterday's twin bomb attacks in Damascus which left dozens dead. ](/news/2017/03/12/syrian-civil-war-tahrir-al-sham-al-qaeda-s-branch-in-syria-claims-responsibility-for-yesterday-s-twin-bomb-attacks-in-damascus-which-left.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, al-Qaeda_
7. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Army recaptures the strategic town of Tadef from ISIL, south of al-Bab, securing key transportation routes in eastern Aleppo Governorate. ](/news/2017/02/26/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-army-recaptures-the-strategic-town-of-tadef-from-isil-south-of-al-bab-securing-key-transportation-routes-in-e.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian Civil War: Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/syrian-civil-war-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ce.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, al-Nusra_
9. [Syrian civil war: American-led intervention in Syria: The United States acknowledges that its warplanes may have hit a Syrian Army position near Deir ez-Zor Airport in eastern Syria, while conducting an operation against ISIL, killing more than 60 Syrian troops. ](/news/2016/09/17/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-the-united-states-acknowledges-that-its-warplanes-may-have-hit-a-syrian-army-position.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian civil war and Russia-United States relations: The U.S. Obama administration and the Russian Putin administration agree to a Syrian peace deal. The deal is intended to end combat in specified areas and create a joint center of combat to fight ISIL and Al-Nusra Front. ](/news/2016/09/10/syrian-civil-war-and-russia-united-states-relations-the-u-s-obama-administration-and-the-russian-putin-administration-agree-to-a-syrian.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, al-Nusra_
