### [2000-12-30](/news/2000/12/30/index.md)

# A series of bombs explode in various places in Metro Manila, Philippines, within a span of a few hours killing 22 and injuring about a hundred.




### Related:

1. [Authorities diagnose six more cases of the Zika virus in the provinces of Cebu and Iloilo in the Visayas and Laguna province near Metro Manila, Philippines. ](/news/2016/09/20/authorities-diagnose-six-more-cases-of-the-zika-virus-in-the-provinces-of-cebu-and-iloilo-in-the-visayas-and-laguna-province-near-metro-mani.md) _Context: Metro Manila, Philippines_
2. [Rodrigo Duterte, the Philippines presumptive president-elect, says he will allow the immediate burial of former kleptocratic dictator Ferdinand Marcos at the Heroes' Cemetery in metropolitan Manila. ](/news/2016/05/23/rodrigo-duterte-the-philippines-presumptive-president-elect-says-he-will-allow-the-immediate-burial-of-former-kleptocratic-dictator-ferdin.md) _Context: Metro Manila, Philippines_
3. [Four people are killed and 18 injured after a bus bombing in the Philippine capital Manila. ](/news/2011/01/25/four-people-are-killed-and-18-injured-after-a-bus-bombing-in-the-philippine-capital-manila.md) _Context: Metro Manila, Philippines_
4. [ At least 10 people are dead in Metro Manila after Tropical Storm Ketsana hits the northern Philippines. ](/news/2009/09/26/at-least-10-people-are-dead-in-metro-manila-after-tropical-storm-ketsana-hits-the-northern-philippines.md) _Context: Metro Manila, Philippines_
5. [ A stampede at a sports stadium in Pasig City, Metro Manila, Philippines, kills 73 and injures more than 320, mostly women. Tens of thousands of people had gathered to watch the anniversary presentation of the popular ABS-CBN early afternoon TV gameshow, "Wowowee". ](/news/2006/02/4/a-stampede-at-a-sports-stadium-in-pasig-city-metro-manila-philippines-kills-73-and-injures-more-than-320-mostly-women-tens-of-thousand.md) _Context: Metro Manila, Philippines_
6. [The Philippines suspends trade relations with North Korea to comply with a recent United Nations Security Council resolution over its repeated missile tests. ](/news/2017/09/8/the-philippines-suspends-trade-relations-with-north-korea-to-comply-with-a-recent-united-nations-security-council-resolution-over-its-repeat.md) _Context: Philippines_
7. [Flights are cancelled and evacuations are ordered for over 100,000 people in the North Central Coast of Vietnam, in preparation for Typhoon Doksuri. The system has already claimed four lives passing over the Philippines. ](/news/2017/09/14/flights-are-cancelled-and-evacuations-are-ordered-for-over-100-000-people-in-the-north-central-coast-of-vietnam-in-preparation-for-typhoon.md) _Context: Philippines_
8. [In an unconfirmed video, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant instructs its followers to go and fight in the Philippines instead of the Middle East. ](/news/2017/09/12/in-an-unconfirmed-video-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-instructs-its-followers-to-go-and-fight-in-the-philippines-instead-of-the.md) _Context: Philippines_
9. [Philippine Justice secretary Vitaliano Aguirre is caught allegedly conspiring a lawsuit against opposition Senator Risa Hontiveros. ](/news/2017/09/11/philippine-justice-secretary-vitaliano-aguirre-is-caught-allegedly-conspiring-a-lawsuit-against-opposition-senator-risa-hontiveros.md) _Context: Philippines_
10. [The Pentagon is considering conducting airstrikes in Marawi, which if approved would later put U.S. troops on the ground to battle the ISIS-affiliated Maute group as well as related Islamist terror groups. A spokesperson later denied the claims as well as clarified that the Philippines has yet to make a request. ](/news/2017/08/8/the-pentagon-is-considering-conducting-airstrikes-in-marawi-which-if-approved-would-later-put-u-s-troops-on-the-ground-to-battle-the-isis.md) _Context: Philippines_
