### [2003-02-5](/news/2003/02/5/index.md)

#  At the United Nations US Secretary of State Colin Powell presents the US government's case against the Saddam Hussein government of Iraq, as part of the diplomatic side of the U.S. plan to invade Iraq. The presentation includes tape recordings, satellite photographs and other intelligence data, and aims to prove WMD production, evasion of weapons inspections and a link to Al-Qaida.




### Related:

1. [ United States Secretary of State Colin Powell says that he saw no direct connection between Saddam Hussein's former regime in Iraq and the September 11, 2001, attacks. During an interview on NBC's "Meet the Press," Powell also said he believes that if John Kerry were president at the time of a terrorist attack he would respond in a "robust" way. ](/news/2004/09/13/united-states-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-says-that-he-saw-no-direct-connection-between-saddam-hussein-s-former-regime-in-iraq-and-the.md) _Context: Colin Powell, Iraq, Saddam Hussein, United States Secretary of State_
2. [ Australian Prime Minister John Howard announces that Australian forces in Operation Falconer will completely pull out by June. The Bechtel Corporation is awarded a $680 million contract for the rebuilding of parts of Iraq's electricity system, water supplies and other key infrastructures. Barzan Ibrahim al-Tikriti, top advisor and half-brother of Saddam Hussein is captured by U.S. forces (the second of Hussein's half brothers captured this week). Save the Children announces that U.S. forces continue to prevent their airplane from landing in Arbil, Iraq to deliver medical supplies and emergency feeding kits. U.S. officials contend that the area is not yet safe, while the United Nations has already declared Arbil a "safe and secure" area. Martin Sullivan and Gary Vikan, of the U.S. Presidential Advisory Committee on Cultural Property, announced their resignations in protest of the US failure to prevent looting of the Iraqi National Museum.](/news/2003/04/17/australian-prime-minister-john-howard-announces-that-australian-forces-in-operation-falconer-will-completely-pull-out-by-june-the-bechtel.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq, Saddam Hussein, United Nations_
3. [ U.S. plan to invade Iraq: Colin Powell meets with the United Nations Security Council to push for stronger resolutions against Iraq. In a surprise reversal, Iraq tells the United Nations it will allow weapons inspectors "immediately and without condition."](/news/2002/09/16/u-s-plan-to-invade-iraq-colin-powell-meets-with-the-united-nations-security-council-to-push-for-stronger-resolutions-against-iraq-in-a-s.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Colin Powell, Iraq, United Nations_
4. [The United Nations votes to lift sanctions imposed on Iraq during the Saddam Hussein era. ](/news/2010/12/15/the-united-nations-votes-to-lift-sanctions-imposed-on-iraq-during-the-saddam-hussein-era.md) _Context: Iraq, Saddam Hussein, United Nations_
5. [ Iraq hanged three men in the first executions in the country since the 2003 invasion. They were part of the Jaish Ansar al-Sunna group and had been convicted of kidnapping and murdering three policemen and abducting, raping and killing Iraqi women. Iraqi President Jalal Talabani refused to sign the death warrants, but his Deputy President Adel Abdul Mehdi signed instead. Talabani has also said he will refuse to sign the death warrant of Saddam Hussein should he be convicted and sentenced to death. ](/news/2005/09/1/iraq-hanged-three-men-in-the-first-executions-in-the-country-since-the-2003-invasion-they-were-part-of-the-jaish-ansar-al-sunna-group-and.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
6. [ George Galloway, British MP and anti-war campaigner, appears before the United States Senate to defend himself against charges that he profited from Saddam Hussein's regime, launching a tirade against the senators who had accused him and attacking the war in Iraq. ](/news/2005/05/17/george-galloway-british-mp-and-anti-war-campaigner-appears-before-the-united-states-senate-to-defend-himself-against-charges-that-he-prof.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
7. [ Justice officials in Kuwait, with assistance from United Nations war crimes expert Sharif Basyouni, complete an indictment against Saddam Hussein and several former Iraqi officials for crimes against humanity during the 1990 invasion of Kuwait. ](/news/2005/05/11/justice-officials-in-kuwait-with-assistance-from-united-nations-war-crimes-expert-sharif-basyouni-complete-an-indictment-against-saddam-h.md) _Context: Iraq, Saddam Hussein, United Nations_
8. [ United Nations' nuclear watchdog group and other U.N. diplomats state that nuclear-related equipment, some contaminated, and a number of missile engines have been smuggled out of Iraq for recycling in Jewometaal Stainless Processing B.V. scrap yards. Satellite photos detect ""the extensive removal of equipment and, in some instances, removal of entire buildings"" from sites that had been subject to U.N. monitoring before the Iraq war. The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) has also reiterated a call for arms inspectors to return to Iraq. ](/news/2004/04/15/united-nations-nuclear-watchdog-group-and-other-u-n-diplomats-state-that-nuclear-related-equipment-some-contaminated-and-a-number-of-mi.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq, United Nations_
9. [ 2003 invasion of Iraq: Responding to criticism that pre-war intelligence gathering was faulty, CIA director George Tenet states that analysts had never presented Saddam Hussein's Iraq as an "imminent threat" in the years immediately preceding the coalition invasion. Tenet states that an overall "objective assessment" for policymakers of a ""brutal dictator who was continuing his efforts to deceive and build programs"" that might ""surprise"" and "threaten" US interests was outlined in the 2002 National Intelligence Estimate.](/news/2004/02/5/2003-invasion-of-iraq-responding-to-criticism-that-pre-war-intelligence-gathering-was-faulty-cia-director-george-tenet-states-that-analys.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
10. [The Iraq Interim Governing Council announces the creation of a war crimes tribunal, to prosecute crimes against humanity committed under the Ba'ath Party rgime (14 July 1968 to 1 May 2003). [http://www.ajc.com/news/content/news/ap/ap_story.html/Intl/AP.V9823.AP-Iraq.html] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3306605.stm]The European Commission announces it will investigate whether exclusion of Iraq war opponents from industrial contracts to rebuild the country constitutes a violation of WTO rules by the U.S. [http://www.reuters.co.uk/newsPackageArticle.jhtml;jsessionid=GGH0V1F5OSAHOCRBAE0CFFA?type=worldNews&storyID=419989&section=news] UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan condemns the "divisive" exclusion. [http://sify.com/news/international/fullstory.php?id=13331865]The People's Republic of China urges Japan not to send Japan Self-Defense Forces to Iraq.[http://famulus.msnbc.com/FamulusIntl/reuters12-10-182227.asp]](/news/2003/12/10/the-iraq-interim-governing-council-announces-the-creation-of-a-war-crimes-tribunal-to-prosecute-crimes-against-humanity-committed-under-the.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq, United Nations_
