### [2003-02-5](/news/2003/02/5/index.md)

#  The International Court of Justice orders the United States to take "all measures necessary" to prevent the execution of three Mexican nationals, pending its final judgment




### Related:

1. [In a vote at the United Nations General Assembly, 94 states support a Mauritius-sponsored resolution to seek an advisory opinion from the International Court of Justice on the legal status of the disputed Chagos Archipelago. ](/news/2017/06/22/in-a-vote-at-the-united-nations-general-assembly-94-states-support-a-mauritius-sponsored-resolution-to-seek-an-advisory-opinion-from-the-in.md) _Context: International Court of Justice_
2. [Mexican drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman is extradited to the United States, where he will face charges for his role as leader of the Sinaloa Cartel. ](/news/2017/01/19/mexican-drug-lord-joaquan-el-chapo-guzma-n-is-extradited-to-the-united-states-where-he-will-face-charges-for-his-role-as-leader-of-the-s.md) _Context: Mexican_
3. [Ukraine sues Russia at the International Court of Justice, accusing the latter of being engaged in acts of "terrorism" and "discrimination" in eastern Ukraine and Crimea. ](/news/2017/01/16/ukraine-sues-russia-at-the-international-court-of-justice-accusing-the-latter-of-being-engaged-in-acts-of-terrorism-and-discrimination.md) _Context: International Court of Justice_
4. [Australia is threatening to take legal action against Japan over its resumption of its controversial whale hunt in the Antarctic Ocean. A whaling fleet set sail last week, ignoring international condemnation, and last year's ruling by the International Court of Justice (ICJ) prohibiting these hunts. ](/news/2015/12/7/australia-is-threatening-to-take-legal-action-against-japan-over-its-resumption-of-its-controversial-whale-hunt-in-the-antarctic-ocean-a-wh.md) _Context: International Court of Justice_
5. [Japan advises the International Whaling Commission that it plans to resume hunting minke whales for scientific research in the Antarctic Ocean by the end of March 2016. The United Nations' International Court of Justice (ICJ) ruled in March 2014 that Japan's decades-old whale hunt in the Antarctic should stop, prompting Tokyo to cancel the bulk of its whaling for the 2014/2015 season. ICJ decisions were binding and cannot be appealed. ](/news/2015/11/28/japan-advises-the-international-whaling-commission-that-it-plans-to-resume-hunting-minke-whales-for-scientific-research-in-the-antarctic-oce.md) _Context: International Court of Justice_
6. [Egyptian security forces open fire on a Mexican tourist convoy in the Western Desert while pursuing militants with at least twelve people killed and 10 injured. ](/news/2015/09/13/egyptian-security-forces-open-fire-on-a-mexican-tourist-convoy-in-the-western-desert-while-pursuing-militants-with-at-least-twelve-people-ki.md) _Context: Mexican_
7. [Mexican drug kingpin Joaquin Guzman Loera escapes from a maximum security prison the Federal Social Readaptation Center No. 1. ](/news/2015/07/11/mexican-drug-kingpin-joaquan-guzma-n-loera-escapes-from-a-maximum-security-prison-the-federal-social-readaptation-center-no-1.md) _Context: Mexican_
8. [A woman, Kathryn Steinle, is shot dead in a random attack at the busy Embarcadero district in San Francisco, California. A Mexican national is arrested in connection with her death. ](/news/2015/07/1/a-woman-kathryn-steinle-is-shot-dead-in-a-random-attack-at-the-busy-embarcadero-district-in-san-francisco-california-a-mexican-national.md) _Context: Mexican_
9. [Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu becomes the second Mexican director to win Academy Award for Best Director for "Birdman". "Birdman" then wins the Academy Award for Best Picture. ](/news/2015/02/22/alejandro-gonza-lez-ia-a-rritu-becomes-the-second-mexican-director-to-win-academy-award-for-best-director-for-birdman-birdman-then-wins.md) _Context: Mexican_
10. [Alleged Mexican drug lord Vicente Carrillo Fuentes is captured in the city of Torreon. ](/news/2014/10/9/alleged-mexican-drug-lord-vicente-carrillo-fuentes-is-captured-in-the-city-of-torreon.md) _Context: Mexican_
