### [2005-02-26](/news/2005/02/26/index.md)

#  In a conference organized by the UN Food and Agriculture Organization, officials urge changes to be made in how poultry are raised in Southeast Asia to prevent a bird flu pandemic. 




### Source:

1. [Seattle Times](http://seattletimes.nwsource.com/html/health/2002190836_birdflu26.html)
2. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/A54542-2005Feb25.html)

### Related:

1. [A new strain of bird flu caused by the H5N8 virus is identified in a backyard poultry flock in Whitley County, Indiana, in the United States. ](/news/2015/05/11/a-new-strain-of-bird-flu-caused-by-the-h5n8-virus-is-identified-in-a-backyard-poultry-flock-in-whitley-county-indiana-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: Avian flu virus, poultry_
2. [Singapore, Vietnam, Indonesia and Hong Kong ban poultry imports from the Australian  state of Victoria while Japan bans imports from the whole of Australia following an outbreak of a low pathogenic form of the avian influenza (separate from the potentially deadly H5N1 strain).](/news/2012/02/1/singapore-vietnam-indonesia-and-hong-kong-ban-poultry-imports-from-the-australian-state-of-victoria-while-japan-bans-imports-from-the-who.md) _Context: Avian flu virus, poultry_
3. [ The United Nations warns that poultry farms could become infected with the H1N1 virus, following the discovery of the virus in turkeys in Chile last week. ](/news/2009/08/28/the-united-nations-warns-that-poultry-farms-could-become-infected-with-the-h1n1-virus-following-the-discovery-of-the-virus-in-turkeys-in-c.md) _Context: United Nations, poultry_
4. [ Tens of thousands of people participate in a pro-government rally in Rangoon as Ibrahim Gambari, the United Nations envoy, returns to Southeast Asia. ](/news/2007/10/13/tens-of-thousands-of-people-participate-in-a-pro-government-rally-in-rangoon-as-ibrahim-gambari-the-united-nations-envoy-returns-to-south.md) _Context: Southeast Asia, United Nations_
5. [ China closes all Beijing poultry markets. Authorities ordered all live poultry markets in China's capital to close immediately and went door-to-door seizing chickens and ducks from private homes, as the government dramatically ramped up its fight against avian influenza today. ](/news/2005/11/7/china-closes-all-beijing-poultry-markets-authorities-ordered-all-live-poultry-markets-in-china-s-capital-to-close-immediately-and-went-doo.md) _Context: Avian flu virus, poultry_
6. [ WHO warns that there is a potential threat of a bird flu pandemic ](/news/2005/02/23/who-warns-that-there-is-a-potential-threat-of-a-bird-flu-pandemic.md) _Context: Avian flu virus, pandemic_
7. [The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-122-in-favour-1-abstention-and-1-against-the.md) _Context: United Nations_
8. [Russian President Vladimir Putin appoints Vasily Nebenzya to be the country's new Permanent Representative of Russia to the United Nations following the sudden death of Vitaly Churkin in February. ](/news/2017/07/27/russian-president-vladimir-putin-appoints-vasily-nebenzya-to-be-the-country-s-new-permanent-representative-of-russia-to-the-united-nations-f.md) _Context: United Nations_
9. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
10. [The United Nations confirms that the FARC has completed its disarmament process, with former rebels due to make the transition to civilian life and the group to transform into a legal political party in the country. ](/news/2017/06/26/the-united-nations-confirms-that-the-farc-has-completed-its-disarmament-process-with-former-rebels-due-to-make-the-transition-to-civilian-l.md) _Context: United Nations_
