### [2013-07-25](/news/2013/07/25/index.md)

# A New Jersey attorney announces the largest alleged commercial hacking and data breach scheme ever prosecuted in the United States. 

Four Russian nationals and a Ukrainian have been charged with running a sophisticated hacking organization that over seven years penetrated computer networks of more than a dozen major American and international corporations.


### Source:

1. [AP via Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/us/2013/07/25/4-russians-1-ukrainian-hacked-corporations-over-7-years-losses-in-hundreds/)

### Related:

1. [A commuter train accident at the Hoboken Terminal in New Jersey leaves one woman dead and 114 others injured. Major structural damage occurs to the station with portions of the roof collapsed. ](/news/2016/09/29/a-commuter-train-accident-at-the-hoboken-terminal-in-new-jersey-leaves-one-woman-dead-and-114-others-injured-major-structural-damage-occurs.md) _Context: New Jersey_
2. [Voters go to the polls in six states, including California and New Jersey, with Hillary Clinton gaining enough delegates to become the presumptive nominee of the Democratic Party. She will be the first woman nominee by a major party to run for President of the United States. ](/news/2016/06/7/voters-go-to-the-polls-in-six-states-including-california-and-new-jersey-with-hillary-clinton-gaining-enough-delegates-to-become-the-presu.md) _Context: New Jersey_
3. [Alleged Russian hackers have penetrated the computer network of the Democratic National Committee (DNC) and have gained access to the entire database of research on Republican Party  presidential candidate Donald Trump, according to committee officials and security experts. The DNC says that no financial, donor or personal information appears to have been accessed or taken, suggesting that the breach was traditional espionage, and not the work of criminal hackers. ](/news/2016/06/14/alleged-russian-hackers-have-penetrated-the-computer-network-of-the-democratic-national-committee-dnc-and-have-gained-access-to-the-entire.md) _Context: hackers_
4. [ Michelle Lodzinski is convicted of murdering her five-year-old son Timothy Wiltsey 25 years ago in New Jersey. ](/news/2016/05/18/michelle-lodzinski-is-convicted-of-murdering-her-five-year-old-son-timothy-wiltsey-25-years-ago-in-new-jersey.md) _Context: New Jersey_
5. [Bangladeshi bank officials say unknown hackers  installed malware in the  bank's computer systems in last month's attempt to steal nearly $1 billion from the central bank's account at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. ](/news/2016/03/11/bangladeshi-bank-officials-say-unknown-hackers-installed-malware-in-the-bank-s-computer-systems-in-last-month-s-attempt-to-steal-nearly-1.md) _Context: hackers_
6. [DotGovs, a hacker group that released data on almost 10,000 Department of Homeland Security employees yesterday, publish contact information for 20,000 FBI employees. ](/news/2016/02/8/dotgovs-a-hacker-group-that-released-data-on-almost-10-000-department-of-homeland-security-employees-yesterday-publish-contact-information.md) _Context: hackers_
7. [ The University of California, Berkeley alerts 80,000 people of a cyber-attack on a system  that stores Social Security and bank account numbers. There is no evidence the hacker(s) took any personal information. ](/news/2016/02/26/the-university-of-california-berkeley-alerts-80-000-people-of-a-cyber-attack-on-a-system-that-stores-social-security-and-bank-account-num.md) _Context: hackers_
8. [New Jersey Governor Chris Christie suspends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination for President of the United States. ](/news/2016/02/10/new-jersey-governor-chris-christie-suspends-his-campaign-for-the-republican-party-nomination-for-president-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: New Jersey_
9. [This potentially record storm, which is predicted to generate blizzard conditions through a third day on Sunday, has caused at least 10 deaths, knocked out power to hundreds of thousands, led to more than 8,300 canceled flights,  stranded many travelers on major highways and, with up to 70 mph winds, produced record-high tides along the Delaware and New Jersey shores. ](/news/2016/01/23/this-potentially-record-storm-which-is-predicted-to-generate-blizzard-conditions-through-a-third-day-on-sunday-has-caused-at-least-10-deat.md) _Context: New Jersey_
10. [''Smart Sheriff'', the most widely used child surveillance mobile app in South Korea, is pulled from the market after specialists raised serious concerns about the program's safety. Security experts say its programming left the door wide open to hackers and put the personal information of some 380,000 users at risk. The country's April 2015 law requires all new smartphones sold to those 18 and under have software parents can use to monitor their kids' social media activity. ](/news/2015/11/1/smart-sheriff-the-most-widely-used-child-surveillance-mobile-app-in-south-korea-is-pulled-from-the-market-after-specialists-raised-ser.md) _Context: hackers_
