### [2015-03-3](/news/2015/03/3/index.md)

# China detains Jing Chunhua, a senior official from Hebei province of China, for investigation by the Communist Party's anti-graft agency for violating party discipline and breaking the law. Jing is the second provincial-ranked official from Hebei province to undergo investigation since the wider anti-corruption campaign began in 2013. 




### Source:

1. [CRI](http://english.cri.cn/12394/2015/03/04/3861s868438.htm)

### Related:

1. [Floods kill at least 154 in China and 300,000 people are being evacuated in Hebei province. Villagers have accused local officials of covering up the extent of the damage. ](/news/2016/07/23/floods-kill-at-least-154-in-china-and-300-000-people-are-being-evacuated-in-hebei-province-villagers-have-accused-local-officials-of-coveri.md) _Context: Chinese, Hebei_
2. [China's Central Commission for Discipline Inspection announces their investigation of Fujian governor Su Shulin, the former chairman of China Petroleum and Chemical Corporation, on suspicion of serious disciplinary violations, the "euphemism for corruption." This follows the massive anti-corruption drive Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping launched when he came to power more than three years ago. Su is the first sitting governor investigated since the campaign began. ](/news/2015/10/7/china-s-central-commission-for-discipline-inspection-announces-their-investigation-of-fujian-governor-su-shulin-the-former-chairman-of-chin.md) _Context: Central Commission for Discipline Inspection, Chinese_
3. [Anti-corruption campaign in China:Zhou Benshun, the Communist Party chief of China's Hebei province, is detained for investigation by the party's anti-graft body. He is first incumbent provincial leader to be investigated since the anti-corruption campaign began in 2013. ](/news/2015/07/24/anti-corruption-campaign-in-china-pzhou-benshun-the-communist-party-chief-of-china-s-hebei-province-is-detained-for-investigation-by-the-p.md) _Context: Central Commission for Discipline Inspection, Hebei_
4. [A man rams his car into a group of schoolchildren in Hebei, China, with at least 13 casualties reported. ](/news/2012/12/25/a-man-rams-his-car-into-a-group-of-schoolchildren-in-hebei-china-with-at-least-13-casualties-reported.md) _Context: Chinese, Hebei_
5. [ At least 123 miners are missing following an explosion at a coal mine in China's Hebei province, the official Xinhua news agency says. ](/news/2005/12/6/at-least-123-miners-are-missing-following-an-explosion-at-a-coal-mine-in-china-s-hebei-province-the-official-xinhua-news-agency-says.md) _Context: Chinese, Hebei_
6. [ In China, a group of farmers in Shengyou village in Hebei province that demonstrated over seizure of an arable land for the power plant, win in a dispute. ](/news/2005/07/21/in-china-a-group-of-farmers-in-shengyou-village-in-hebei-province-that-demonstrated-over-seizure-of-an-arable-land-for-the-power-plant-wi.md) _Context: Chinese, Hebei_
7. [Teams of United States-based researchers, composed of American, Chinese and South Korean scientists, successfully edit a piece of faulty DNA that causes a deadly form of heart disease from cells in human embryos.  ](/news/2017/08/2/teams-of-united-states-based-researchers-composed-of-american-chinese-and-south-korean-scientists-successfully-edit-a-piece-of-faulty-dna.md) _Context: Chinese_
8. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: Chinese_
9. [A Chinese state company signs an order with Airbus for 100 A320 and 40 A350 airplanes. ](/news/2017/07/5/a-chinese-state-company-signs-an-order-with-airbus-for-100-a320-and-40-a350-airplanes.md) _Context: Chinese_
10. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: Chinese_
