### [2015-03-3](/news/2015/03/3/index.md)

# Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu addresses a joint meeting of the United States Congress over the nuclear program of Iran. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-31716684)
2. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/live/netanyahu-address/netanyahu-speech-will-air-in-israel-with-5-minute-delay)

### Related:

1. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry meets with the Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu in Jerusalem to talk about many topics including the nuclear program of Iran. ](/news/2013/12/5/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-with-the-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-in-jerusalem-to-talk-about-many-topic.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister, nuclear scientist_
2. [Pope Francis meets with the Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu at the Vatican to discuss global affairs including the nuclear program of Iran. ](/news/2013/12/2/pope-francis-meets-with-the-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-at-the-vatican-to-discuss-global-affairs-including-the-nuclear-progr.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister, nuclear scientist_
3. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu addresses a joint session of the United States Congress and says he is prepared to make "far-reaching compromises" for a peace deal with Palestinians, but states that Israel will not return to its pre-1967 borders. ](/news/2011/05/24/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-addresses-a-joint-session-of-the-united-states-congress-and-says-he-is-prepared-to-make-far-reach.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister, United States Congress_
4. [Politics of Israel: The Jewish Agency for Israel Board of Governors cancels Monday's dinner with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to protest Sunday's decision by his cabinet to rescind plans for a mixed-gender prayer area at Jerusalem's Western Wall, a compromise agreement reached after three years of intense negotiations. ](/news/2017/06/26/politics-of-israel-the-jewish-agency-for-israel-board-of-governors-cancels-monday-s-dinner-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-t.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister_
5. [Germany-Israel relations: Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu cancels a visit with the foreign minister of Germany Sigmar Gabriel after the latter's refusal to cancel a meeting with the Israel Defense Forces veterans NGO Breaking the Silence saying the group "slanders IDF soldiers as war criminals](/news/2017/04/25/germany-israel-relations-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-cancels-a-visit-with-the-foreign-minister-of-germany-sigmar-gabriel.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister_
6. [The Attorney General of Israel Avichai Mandelblit orders a criminal investigation of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for alleged corruption in two different cases. ](/news/2016/12/28/the-attorney-general-of-israel-avichai-mandelblit-orders-a-criminal-investigation-of-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-for-alleged-c.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister_
7. [Israel-Turkey relations: Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim announce their countries have agreed on a pact to normalize diplomatic relations that have been strained for six years since the Gaza flotilla raid when nine Turkish activists were killed. ](/news/2016/06/27/israel-turkey-relations-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-and-turkish-prime-minister-binali-ya-lda-ra-m-announce-their-countries.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister_
8. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu asks Yisrael Beiteinu party leader and former Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman to be Defense Minister. Current defense minister and former army chief of staff Moshe Ya'alon's role in the future government is unclear. Leiberman is known for his hawkish and uncompromising views. ](/news/2016/05/19/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-asks-yisrael-beiteinu-party-leader-and-former-foreign-minister-avigdor-lieberman-to-be-defense-min.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian peace process: Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu rejects a French-sponsored international conference to continue peace negotiations that have stalled since 2014 in settling the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, saying that direct talks were the only way to resolve the decades-long conflict. France wants to immediately recognize a Palestinian state without discussion over its borders or security issues. ](/news/2016/04/28/israeli-palestinian-peace-process-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-rejects-a-french-sponsored-international-conference-to-contin.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister_
10. [Israel-Syria relations: The Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu vows that the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights, recognized as part of Syria, will forever stay in the country's hands and called on the international community to recognize Israeli sovereignty over the area. ](/news/2016/04/17/israel-syria-relations-the-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-vows-that-the-israeli-occupied-golan-heights-recognized-as-part-o.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister_
