### [2015-04-28](/news/2015/04/28/index.md)

# Indonesia executes eight convicted drug smugglers including Brazilian Rodrigo Gularte and the Bali Nine duo Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran. Filipina maid Mary Jane Veloso is given a last-minute reprieve.  

Eight convicted drug smugglers are executed by firing squad in Indonesia, but a Filipina woman is spared at the last minute.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-32501712)

### Related:

1. [Australia withdraws its ambassador after eight people including Brazilian Rodrigo Gularte, an Indonesian, four Nigerians, and two Australians, Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran are executed. ](/news/2015/04/29/australia-withdraws-its-ambassador-after-eight-people-including-brazilian-rodrigo-gularte-an-indonesian-four-nigerians-and-two-australian.md) _Context: Andrew Chan, Myuran Sukumaran, Rodrigo Gularte_
2. [Two days before the one-year anniversary of the execution of Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran, the ringleaders of the Bali Nine, member Michael Czugaj is discovered to be in possession of drugs in prison. ](/news/2016/04/27/two-days-before-the-one-year-anniversary-of-the-execution-of-andrew-chan-and-myuran-sukumaran-the-ringleaders-of-the-bali-nine-member-mich.md) _Context: Andrew Chan, Myuran Sukumaran_
3. [An Indonesian court rejects Andrew Chan's and Myuran Sukumaran's appeal against the President of Indonesia Joko Widodo's refusal to grant them clemency against the death penalty as organisers of the Bali Nine plot to smuggle heroin to Australia in 2005. ](/news/2015/04/6/an-indonesian-court-rejects-andrew-chan-s-and-myuran-sukumaran-s-appeal-against-the-president-of-indonesia-joko-widodo-s-refusal-to-grant-th.md) _Context: Andrew Chan, Myuran Sukumaran_
4. [The President of Indonesia Joko Widodo says the execution of 11 convicts from overseas, most on drug charges, will not be delayed. A court has rejected the appeals of Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan, two Australians on death row. ](/news/2015/02/24/the-president-of-indonesia-joko-widodo-says-the-execution-of-11-convicts-from-overseas-most-on-drug-charges-will-not-be-delayed-a-court-h.md) _Context: Andrew Chan, Myuran Sukumaran_
5. [The Prime Minister of Australia Tony Abbott issues a last-minute plea for Bali Nine drug smugglers Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran facing the death penalty in Indonesia. ](/news/2015/02/14/the-prime-minister-of-australia-tony-abbott-issues-a-last-minute-plea-for-bali-nine-drug-smugglers-andrew-chan-and-myuran-sukumaran-facing-t.md) _Context: Andrew Chan, Myuran Sukumaran_
6. [ Australians Andrew Chan, 21, and Myuran Sukumaran, 24, are sentenced to death by firing squad by an Indonesian court for their role in the Bali Nine heroin smuggling attempt. Fellow accused Martin Stephens, 29, and Michael Czugaj, 20, both receive life prison sentences. ](/news/2006/02/14/australians-andrew-chan-21-and-myuran-sukumaran-24-are-sentenced-to-death-by-firing-squad-by-an-indonesian-court-for-their-role-in-the.md) _Context: Andrew Chan, Myuran Sukumaran_
7. [In last week's meeting between Indonesian president Joko Widodo and Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte, Widodo today says that Duterte allegedly said that he '(would) not interfere' in the execution of accused drug smuggler and Philippine national Mary Jane Veloso. However, today a ''Manila Bulletin'' article says that Manny Pinol, the Philippines Agriculture Secretary, states that Duterte actually asked for clemency for Veloso. ](/news/2016/09/12/in-last-week-s-meeting-between-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-and-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-widodo-today-says-that-duterte-all.md) _Context: Mary Jane Veloso_
8. [Filipina convict Mary Jane Veloso gets a reprieve from Indonesian executions. ](/news/2016/05/7/filipina-convict-mary-jane-veloso-gets-a-reprieve-from-indonesian-executions.md) _Context: Mary Jane Veloso_
9. [Filipino domestic helper Mary Jane Veloso commemorates the first anniversary of her being spared from the death penalty in Indonesia for allegedly smuggling controlled substances. A trial to determine her innocence is ongoing. ](/news/2016/04/28/filipino-domestic-helper-mary-jane-veloso-commemorates-the-first-anniversary-of-her-being-spared-from-the-death-penalty-in-indonesia-for-all.md) _Context: Mary Jane Veloso_
10. [Philippines President Benigno Aquino III asks Indonesian President Joko Widodo to spare the life of Mary Jane Veloso, a migrant domestic worker sentenced to death for drug trafficking.  ](/news/2015/04/27/philippines-president-benigno-aquino-iii-asks-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-to-spare-the-life-of-mary-jane-veloso-a-migrant-domestic-wor.md) _Context: Mary Jane Veloso_
