### [2014-03-21](/news/2014/03/21/index.md)

# Ukraine signs an association accord with the European Union in defiance of Russia. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5gSiqIk-_gIu4bExILzzsRNaNGZzg?docId=ff5dbd52-1092-461b-bd86-671056d7fef4)

### Related:

1. [War in Donbass. The European Union extends its main Ukraine-related economic sanctions against Russia for six months until mid-2017. ](/news/2016/12/15/war-in-donbass-the-european-union-extends-its-main-ukraine-related-economic-sanctions-against-russia-for-six-months-until-mid-2017.md) _Context: European Union, Russia, Ukraine_
2. [Russia-European Union relations. Ukrainian crisis. The European Union extends economic sanctions on Russia until 31 January 2017 over Moscow's continued support for separatist rebels in eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2016/07/1/russia-european-union-relations-ukrainian-crisis-the-european-union-extends-economic-sanctions-on-russia-until-31-january-2017-over-mosc.md) _Context: European Union, Russia, Ukraine_
3. [War in Donbass. The European Union extends Russian sanctions for interference in Ukraine another six months, until 31 July 2016. The EU says it's extending the sanctions because the Minsk peace accords would not be fully implemented by the end of this year. ](/news/2015/12/21/war-in-donbass-the-european-union-extends-russian-sanctions-for-interference-in-ukraine-another-six-months-until-31-july-2016-the-eu-says.md) _Context: European Union, Russia, Ukraine_
4. [Russia-Ukraine gas disputes. Russia's Gazprom halts gas supplies to Ukraine until the Ukrainian government pays in advance for future supplies to replenish the current supplies of gas that it has used up; Ukraine says it has stopped buying from Gazprom because it can get cheaper gas from Europe. Roughly 15% of the gas used in Europe travels through Ukraine, and a previous cut-off of gas supplies in 2009 caused serious disruptions in shipments to EU countries at the height of winter. ](/news/2015/11/25/russia-ukraine-gas-disputes-russia-s-gazprom-halts-gas-supplies-to-ukraine-until-the-ukrainian-government-pays-in-advance-for-future-supp.md) _Context: European Union, Russia, Ukraine_
5. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:. Russia and Ukraine together with the United States and the European Union sit down for emergency talks in Geneva. All four agree that "illegal military formations in Ukraine" must be dissolved, and that everyone occupying buildings must be disarmed and leave them. There would be an amnesty for all anti-government protesters under the agreement. ](/news/2014/04/17/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-russia-and-ukraine-together-with-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-sit-down-for-emergency-talks.md) _Context: European Union, Russia, Ukraine_
6. [Euromaidan:. More than 100,000 people protest in Kiev, Ukraine, against the decision of Viktor Yanukovych's government to suspend preparations for signing of the association agreement with the European Union under pressure from Russia. ](/news/2013/11/24/euromaidan-more-than-100-000-people-protest-in-kiev-ukraine-against-the-decision-of-viktor-yanukovych-s-government-to-suspend-preparatio.md) _Context: European Union, Russia, Ukraine_
7. [Ukraine-European Union relations. The European Union's visa-free regime for Ukraine officially enters into force. ](/news/2017/06/11/ukraine-european-union-relations-the-european-union-s-visa-free-regime-for-ukraine-officially-enters-into-force.md) _Context: European Union, Ukraine_
8. [Ukraine-European Union relations. Representatives of the European Parliament and European Council sign a document formally granting Ukrainians visa-free travel to the European Union. The visa-free regime is due to enter into force on June 11. ](/news/2017/05/17/ukraine-european-union-relations-representatives-of-the-european-parliament-and-european-council-sign-a-document-formally-granting-ukrain.md) _Context: European Union, Ukraine_
9. [France-Russia relations. French National Front presidential candidate Marine Le Pen meets with Russian president Vladimir Putin and afterwards urges that European Union sanctions on Russia be lifted. ](/news/2017/03/24/france-russia-relations-french-national-front-presidential-candidate-marine-le-pen-meets-with-russian-president-vladimir-putin-and-afterw.md) _Context: European Union, Russia_
10. [War in Donbass. At the Munich Security Conference, a truce between Russian-backed separatists and the Ukrainian army, per the Minsk Protocol, takes effect Monday. Pending a permanent political agreement, Russian President Vladimir Putin orders that civil registration documents issued in separatist-held areas of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine be temporarily recognized. Ukrainian authorities say this violates provisions in the Minsk agreement. This is the third such agreement because the previous two in 2014 and 2015 were violated. Low-level fighting and artillery fire never fully stopped. ](/news/2017/02/18/war-in-donbass-at-the-munich-security-conference-a-truce-between-russian-backed-separatists-and-the-ukrainian-army-per-the-minsk-protocol.md) _Context: Russia, Ukraine_
