### [2002-12-27](/news/2002/12/27/index.md)

# Clonaid, the medical arm of a cult called Ralism, who believe that aliens introduced human life on Earth, claims to have successfully cloned a human being. They claim that aliens taught them how to perform cloning, even though the company has no record of having successfully cloned any previous animal. A spokesperson said an independent agency would prove that the baby, named Eve, is in fact an exact copy of her mother.




### Related:

1. [ The controversial physician Severino Antinori has claimed that a project to clone human beings has succeeded, with the first human clone due to be born in 2003. His claims were received with skepticism from many observers. The even more controversial organization Clonaid then announced that they had five clones waiting to be born, one of whom, they claimed, would be born in December 2002.](/news/2002/11/27/the-controversial-physician-severino-antinori-has-claimed-that-a-project-to-clone-human-beings-has-succeeded-with-the-first-human-clone-du.md) _Context: Clonaid, cloning_
2. [The journal "Protein & Cell" publishes Sun Yat-sen University research describing the use of gene therapy in the removal of a version of the inherited blood disorder beta-thalassemia from an artificially-created nuclear transfer-type of cloning-model system of human oocytes. Collectively, this study demonstrated the feasibility of curing this and a range of other inherited diseases using the same genome editing technology of CRISPR. ](/news/2017/09/29/the-journal-protein-cell-publishes-sun-yat-sen-university-research-describing-the-use-of-gene-therapy-in-the-removal-of-a-version-of-the.md) _Context: cloning_
3. [In a study published in "Nature", University of Oregon researchers describe the first creation of human embryonic stem cells by cloning. ](/news/2013/05/15/in-a-study-published-in-nature-university-of-oregon-researchers-describe-the-first-creation-of-human-embryonic-stem-cells-by-cloning.md) _Context: cloning_
4. [The reptile scientist, Ngo Van Tri of the Vietnam Academy of Science and Technology, discovers a species of self-cloning lizard later known as "Leiolepis ngovantrii" when he came across tanks full of them at small restaurants in rural villages in Ba Ria-Vung Tau Province. Ngo Van Tri becomes intrigued when he notices that all of the lizards appeared to be female. ](/news/2010/11/8/the-reptile-scientist-nga-van-tra-of-the-vietnam-academy-of-science-and-technology-discovers-a-species-of-self-cloning-lizard-later-kno.md) _Context: cloning_
5. [ South Korean cloning scientist Hwang Woo-Suk is convicted of fraud over his stem cell research. ](/news/2009/10/26/south-korean-cloning-scientist-hwang-woo-suk-is-convicted-of-fraud-over-his-stem-cell-research.md) _Context: cloning_
6. [ The first transgenic, fluorescent dogs are cloned in South Korea. ](/news/2009/04/28/the-first-transgenic-fluorescent-dogs-are-cloned-in-south-korea.md) _Context: cloning_
7. [ The Camel Reproduction Center in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, announces the birth of Injaz, the first cloned camel. ](/news/2009/04/14/the-camel-reproduction-center-in-dubai-united-arab-emirates-announces-the-birth-of-injaz-the-first-cloned-camel.md) _Context: cloning_
8. [ Dr. Samuel Wood along with several colleagues used some of their skin cells to clone human embryos. ](/news/2008/01/18/dr-samuel-wood-along-with-several-colleagues-used-some-of-their-skin-cells-to-clone-human-embryos.md) _Context: cloning_
9. [ The U.S. Food and Drug Administration allows the production and sale of foods derived from cloned animals. ](/news/2008/01/15/the-u-s-food-and-drug-administration-allows-the-production-and-sale-of-foods-derived-from-cloned-animals.md) _Context: cloning_
10. [ Cloning scientist Hwang Woo-Suk is indicted for fraud, embezzlement and violation of bioethics law in a scandal in South Korea over his faked stem cell research. ](/news/2006/05/12/cloning-scientist-hwang-woo-suk-is-indicted-for-fraud-embezzlement-and-violation-of-bioethics-law-in-a-scandal-in-south-korea-over-his-fak.md) _Context: cloning_
