### [2012-10-17](/news/2012/10/17/index.md)

# Lance Armstrong-USADA doping scandal:Lance Armstrong resigns as chairman of his anti-cancer charity, LIVESTRONG.Athletic apparel conglomerate Nike and cycling equipment manufacturer Trek revoke their endorsement contracts with U.S. cyclist Lance Armstrong in the wake of growing allegations of doping. Both will continue to support LIVESTRONG. 

Lance Armstrong loses three main sponsors and steps down as chairman of his Livestrong charity.


### Source:

1. [Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2219534/Shamed-Lance-Armstrong-dropped-sponsors--including-bike-deal--Nike-claims-cyclist-misled-decade.html?ITO=1490)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2012/10/17/us/lance-armstrong-doping/index.html?hpt=hp_c2)
3. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/sport/0/cycling/19978608)

### Related:

1. [American cyclist Lance Armstrong announces that he will not contest United States Anti-Doping Agency charges of doping paving the way for him to be stripped of his titles including seven Tour de France victories. ](/news/2012/08/23/american-cyclist-lance-armstrong-announces-that-he-will-not-contest-united-states-anti-doping-agency-charges-of-doping-paving-the-way-for-hi.md) _Context: Lance Armstrong, USADA_
2. [The U.S. Anti-Doping Agency brings drugs charges against seven-time Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong. ](/news/2012/06/13/the-u-s-anti-doping-agency-brings-drugs-charges-against-seven-time-tour-de-france-winner-lance-armstrong.md) _Context: Lance Armstrong, USADA_
3. [ American cyclist and cancer survivor Lance Armstrong wins his seventh consecutive Tour de France. Armstrong has announced that this will be his last tour and he will be retiring from the sport. ](/news/2005/07/24/american-cyclist-and-cancer-survivor-lance-armstrong-wins-his-seventh-consecutive-tour-de-france-armstrong-has-announced-that-this-will-be.md) _Context: Lance Armstrong, cancer_
4. [U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron, at the upcoming Nuclear Security Summit in Washington, D.C.,   will announce  a three-way deal with the United States and Euratom, the European Union nuclear agency, to turn nuclear waste into medical isotopes to help fight cancer. ](/news/2016/03/30/u-k-prime-minister-david-cameron-at-the-upcoming-nuclear-security-summit-in-washington-d-c-will-announce-a-three-way-deal-with-the-u.md) _Context: cancer_
5. [Nike, Inc. drops Manny Pacquiao as an endorser after his remarks about LGBT people. ](/news/2016/02/18/nike-inc-drops-manny-pacquiao-as-an-endorser-after-his-remarks-about-lgbt-people.md) _Context: Nike, Inc._
6. [The International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC), the cancer agency of the World Health Organization (WHO), has evaluated the carcinogenicity of the consumption of red meat and processed meat. After thoroughly reviewing the accumulated scientific literature, a Working Group of 22 experts from 10 countries convened by the IARC Monographs Programme classified the consumption of red meat as probably carcinogenic to humans (Group 2A), based on limited evidence that the consumption of red meat causes cancer in humans and strong mechanistic evidence supporting a carcinogenic effect. This association was observed mainly for colorectal cancer, but associations were also seen for pancreatic cancer and prostate cancer. Processed meat was classified as carcinogenic to humans (Group 1), based on sufficient evidence in humans that the consumption of processed meat causes colorectal cancer. ](/news/2015/10/28/the-international-agency-for-research-on-cancer-iarc-the-cancer-agency-of-the-world-health-organization-who-has-evaluated-the-carcinog.md) _Context: cancer_
7. [Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter, aged 90, announces that recent liver surgery revealed that he is suffering from an as-yet unspecified form of cancer which has spread to other parts of his body. ](/news/2015/08/12/former-u-s-president-jimmy-carter-aged-90-announces-that-recent-liver-surgery-revealed-that-he-is-suffering-from-an-as-yet-unspecified-fo.md) _Context: cancer_
8. [Nike agrees to pay a combined $2.4 million to consumers of Nike+ FuelBand over false advertising. ](/news/2015/07/26/nike-agrees-to-pay-a-combined-2-4-million-to-consumers-of-nike-fuelband-over-false-advertising.md) _Context: Nike, Inc._
9. [Preventive medicine researchers from Harvard University and Northwestern University conduct a study on long-term (13 years; 793 people) pre-cancer changes (mostly leukemia, prostate cancer, lung cancers, and skin cancers) in telomeres, the protective ends of DNA. Some said, in previous short-look studies, that focused mostly on their known role in the pace of regular aging, that they either got shorter or longer. There was a 3-4 year period of accelerated aging, and then it halted a few years before cancer was diagnosed. ](/news/2015/05/3/preventive-medicine-researchers-from-harvard-university-and-northwestern-university-conduct-a-study-on-long-term-13-years-793-people-pre.md) _Context: cancer_
10. [Former American cycling team boss Johan Bruyneel is suspended for 10 years for his involvement in the Lance Armstrong doping scandal. ](/news/2014/04/22/former-american-cycling-team-boss-johan-bruyneel-is-suspended-for-10-years-for-his-involvement-in-the-lance-armstrong-doping-scandal.md) _Context: Lance Armstrong_
