### [2012-10-17](/news/2012/10/17/index.md)

# Two U.S. sailors are arrested over an alleged rape of a Japanese woman on Okinawa. 

Two US troops are arrested over the alleged rape of a Japanese woman in Okinawa, amid ongoing opposition to the US military footprint there.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-19973788)

### Related:

1. [The biennial naval training exercise Keen Sword between the United States Navy and the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force commences off the shore off Okinawa amid tension with China. ](/news/2012/11/5/the-biennial-naval-training-exercise-keen-sword-between-the-united-states-navy-and-the-japan-maritime-self-defense-force-commences-off-the-s.md) _Context: Okinawa, U.S. Navy_
2. [A U.S. Navy F/A-18 Hornet crashes in the Celebes Sea off the Philippines during an attempted landing on the USS ''Carl Vinson''. The pilot ejected and was recovered safely. ](/news/2017/04/21/a-u-s-navy-f-a-18-hornet-crashes-in-the-celebes-sea-off-the-philippines-during-an-attempted-landing-on-the-uss-carl-vinson-the-pilot-e.md) _Context: U.S. Navy_
3. [The United States Navy's destroyer USS ''Mason'' comes under missile attack in the Red Sea, off the coast of Yemen. The two missiles, fired from Yemeni territory controlled by Iranian-backed Houthis, impacted the water well before reaching the ship, according to Pentagon spokesman Captain Jeff Davis. ](/news/2016/10/9/the-united-states-navy-s-destroyer-uss-mason-comes-under-missile-attack-in-the-red-sea-off-the-coast-of-yemen-the-two-missiles-fired.md) _Context: U.S. Navy_
4. [Yemeni Crisis (2011-present)	The United States Navy's USS ''Mason'' is fired on for the third time in a week from territory controlled by Houthi forces in Yemen, while in international waters of the Red Sea. The ship deployed countermeasures and was not struck, according to U.S. officials. ](/news/2016/10/15/yemeni-crisis-2011apresent-pthe-united-states-navy-s-uss-mason-is-fired-on-for-the-third-time-in-a-week-from-territory-controlled-by.md) _Context: U.S. Navy_
5. [The U.S. military launches Tomahawk cruise missiles from the USS ''Nitze'' against Houthi-controlled radar sites in Yemen following two incidents in which, according to U.S. military, missiles were fired on United States Navy vessels in the Red Sea. ](/news/2016/10/13/the-u-s-military-launches-tomahawk-cruise-missiles-from-the-uss-nitze-against-houthi-controlled-radar-sites-in-yemen-following-two-inci.md) _Context: U.S. Navy_
6. [A Russian Sukhoi Su-27 fighter jet makes an "unsafe close-range intercept" of a United States Navy P-8A Poseidon over the Black Sea in international airspace, coming within 10 feet (3.3 m) of the U.S. aircraft. ](/news/2016/09/7/a-russian-sukhoi-su-27-fighter-jet-makes-an-unsafe-close-range-intercept-of-a-united-states-navy-p-8a-poseidon-over-the-black-sea-in-inter.md) _Context: U.S. Navy_
7. [Voters in Okinawa, Japan, go to the polls to elect the members of the next Okinawa Prefectural Assembly. The election results give the camp supporting Governor Takeshi Onaga a clear majority in the assembly. Onaga is opposed to the central government's plan to relocate MCAS Futenma to Henoko Bay in Nago. ](/news/2016/06/5/voters-in-okinawa-japan-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-the-members-of-the-next-okinawa-prefectural-assembly-the-election-results-give-the-camp.md) _Context: Okinawa_
8. [Russia's Foreign Ministry warns of "retaliatory measures" over the entry of the United States Navy destroyer, USS ''Porter''. The USS ''Porter'' arrived in the Black Sea port of Varna, Bulgaria, earlier this week for what the U.S. Navy called a routine deployment. ](/news/2016/06/10/russia-s-foreign-ministry-warns-of-retaliatory-measures-over-the-entry-of-the-united-states-navy-destroyer-uss-porter-the-uss-port.md) _Context: U.S. Navy_
9. [The Royal Navy's HMS ''Sabre'' fires warning shots at a Spanish Guardia Civil vessel after it twice attempted to cut across the path of United States Navy submarine USS ''Florida'' during an incursion into Gibraltar's territorial waters. Gibraltar officials say Spanish vessels regularly stray deep into its territorial waters and the Foreign and Commonwealth Office has attacked the incursions as provocative. ](/news/2016/05/5/the-royal-navy-s-hms-sabre-fires-warning-shots-at-a-spanish-guardia-civil-vessel-after-it-twice-attempted-to-cut-across-the-path-of-unit.md) _Context: U.S. Navy_
10. [The U.S. military restricts off-base alcohol consumption in Okinawa until July 24 after the arrest of a former Marine suspected of murder. ](/news/2016/05/28/the-u-s-military-restricts-off-base-alcohol-consumption-in-okinawa-until-july-24-after-the-arrest-of-a-former-marine-suspected-of-murder.md) _Context: Okinawa_
