### [2007-09-9](/news/2007/09/9/index.md)

#  At least 15 dead and many injured when a flyover under construction at Panjagutta junction, Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India collapsed. Wikinews




### Related:

1. [At least 21 people are killed, 70 injured and up to 150 people are feared trapped after a half-built overpass collapses in the Indian city of Kolkata. ](/news/2016/03/31/at-least-21-people-are-killed-70-injured-and-up-to-150-people-are-feared-trapped-after-a-half-built-overpass-collapses-in-the-indian-city-o.md) _Context: India, overpass_
2. [ Pakistan and Bangladesh reject charges by India that terror outfits operating in their countries were behind the Hyderabad bomb blasts which killed 42 and injured over 60. ](/news/2007/08/27/pakistan-and-bangladesh-reject-charges-by-india-that-terror-outfits-operating-in-their-countries-were-behind-the-hyderabad-bomb-blasts-whic.md) _Context: Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India_
3. [  Seven more unexploded bombs are found in Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India a day after the bombings. ](/news/2007/08/26/seven-more-unexploded-bombs-are-found-in-hyderabad-andhra-pradesh-india-a-day-after-the-bombings.md) _Context: Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India_
4. [ Twin blasts panic people in Hyderabad, India. A gas cylinder explosion at a food mart kills 27, injures 50. Another blast at a park kills at least 14.](/news/2007/08/25/twin-blasts-panic-people-in-hyderabad-india-a-gas-cylinder-explosion-at-a-food-mart-kills-27-injures-50-another-blast-at-a-park-kills-a.md) _Context: Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India_
5. [ 9 people are killed in a bomb blast at the Mecca Masjid mosque in the Indian city of Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh. [http://www.rediff.com/news/2007/may/18blast.htm]](/news/2007/05/18/9-people-are-killed-in-a-bomb-blast-at-the-mecca-masjid-mosque-in-the-indian-city-of-hyderabad-andhra-pradesh-http-www-rediff-com-news.md) _Context: Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India_
6. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims it has a "basic consensus" with Bhutan and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/no-dispute-with-bhutan-in-doklam-china/articleshow/59456533.cms (The Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-it.md) _Context: India_
7. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
8. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
9. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: India_
10. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan, China releases a map detailing pieces of land claimed by Bhutan and India as belonging to China. China claims, via the map, that territory up until Gipmochi belongs to China and claims it's supported by the 1890 Convention of Calcutta. ](/news/2017/07/1/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-china-releases-a-map-detailing-pieces-of-land-claimed-by-bhutan-and-india-as-belon.md) _Context: India_
