### [2007-09-9](/news/2007/09/9/index.md)

#  The President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai is forced to cut short a speech in Kabul after gunfire is heard outside. 

Afghan President Hamid Karzai renewed a call for talks with Taliban insurgents on Sunday, shortly after a security scare forced him to cut short a commemoration speech when gunshots were fired outside the venue.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/topNews/idUSISL13902320070909?feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews)

### Related:

1. [The President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai names the seven areas of Afghanistan that will pass into Afghan control from July: Kabul, Panjshir Province, Bamiyan Province, Herat, Mazar-e-Sharif, Mihtarlam and Lashkar Gah. ](/news/2011/03/22/the-president-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-names-the-seven-areas-of-afghanistan-that-will-pass-into-afghan-control-from-july-kabul-panjshir.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Hamid Karzai, Kabul_
2. [An international conference on the future of Afghanistan opens in Kabul co-chaired by the President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai and the Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon. The conference endorses a goal for Afghan forces to lead security operations across the country by 2014. Afghan President Hamid Karzai suggests raising the size of the Afghan National Army to 170,000 troops and the Afghan National Police to 134,000 officers by 2011. ](/news/2010/07/20/an-international-conference-on-the-future-of-afghanistan-opens-in-kabul-co-chaired-by-the-president-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-and-the-secr.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Hamid Karzai, Kabul_
3. [Hamid Karzai, the President of Afghanistan, opens a national peace conference to discuss negotiating with the Taliban. A rocket lands near the venue of the conference in Kabul and a suicide bomber sets off explosives outside the conference. ](/news/2010/06/2/hamid-karzai-the-president-of-afghanistan-opens-a-national-peace-conference-to-discuss-negotiating-with-the-taliban-a-rocket-lands-near-t.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Hamid Karzai, Kabul_
4. [ Dignitaries including the President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai take cover as automatic gunfire breaks out at a ceremony in Kabul. ](/news/2008/04/27/dignitaries-including-the-president-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-take-cover-as-automatic-gunfire-breaks-out-at-a-ceremony-in-kabul.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Hamid Karzai, Kabul_
5. [ The President of Pakistan General Pervez Musharraf pulls out of a meeting with the President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai and tribal leaders in Kabul over fighting the Taliban. ](/news/2007/08/9/the-president-of-pakistan-general-pervez-musharraf-pulls-out-of-a-meeting-with-the-president-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-and-tribal-leaders.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Hamid Karzai, Kabul_
6. [The brother of the current President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai, Qayum Karzai, drops out of the Afghan presidential election and endorses Zalmai Rassoul. ](/news/2014/03/6/the-brother-of-the-current-president-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-qayum-karzai-drops-out-of-the-afghan-presidential-election-and-endorses-z.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Hamid Karzai_
7. [Attorney general Mohammad Ishaq Aloko is fired by Afghan President Hamid Karzai, over an unsanctioned meeting with Taliban peace negotiators in the United Arab Emirates. ](/news/2013/08/19/attorney-general-mohammad-ishaq-aloko-is-fired-by-afghan-president-hamid-karzai-over-an-unsanctioned-meeting-with-taliban-peace-negotiators.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Hamid Karzai_
8. [War in Afghanistan:. Taliban forces attack near the Presidential Palace in Kabul. ](/news/2013/06/25/war-in-afghanistan-taliban-forces-attack-near-the-presidential-palace-in-kabul.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Kabul_
9. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):. Afghanistan President Hamid Karzai denounces the reported death of eleven children at the hands of NATO forces in Kunar Province and orders a government inquiry into the killings. ](/news/2013/04/8/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-afghanistan-president-hamid-karzai-denounces-the-reported-death-of-eleven-children-at-the-hands-of-nat.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Hamid Karzai_
10. [President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai meets with Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani, the Emir of Qatar, to discuss plans for the Taliban to open an office in Doha in order to help solve the conflict in Afghanistan. ](/news/2013/03/31/president-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-meets-with-sheikh-hamad-bin-khalifa-al-thani-the-emir-of-qatar-to-discuss-plans-for-the-taliban-to-o.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Hamid Karzai_
