### [2014-07-25](/news/2014/07/25/index.md)

# Food safety incidents in China:McDonald's restaurants stop selling Chicken McNuggets and some other chicken products in Hong Kong, China and Japan from Shanghai Husi Foods that allegedly sold out-of-date items to fast food restaurants. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/business-28478338#)

### Related:

1. [Baggio Leung and Yau Wai-ching are banned by China from taking office in Hong Kong over the oath-taking controversy. ](/news/2016/11/7/baggio-leung-and-yau-wai-ching-are-banned-by-china-from-taking-office-in-hong-kong-over-the-oath-taking-controversy.md) _Context: Hong Kong, People's Republic of China_
2. [In Hong Kong, police clash with protesters after more than 10,000 locals march against the Chinese government interpretation of the Basic Law in the Legislative Council oath-taking controversy. ](/news/2016/11/6/in-hong-kong-police-clash-with-protesters-after-more-than-10-000-locals-march-against-the-chinese-government-interpretation-of-the-basic-la.md) _Context: Hong Kong, People's Republic of China_
3. [Police in China detain 75 people in connection with a service that determined the female gender of unborn babies for the purpose of abortion. Authorities say that at least 300 people were involved in the illegal service in the eastern Chinese province of Zhejiang. Expectant parents wanting male children smuggled fetal blood samples to Hong Kong for gender testing. China ended its one-child policy last year. ](/news/2016/10/15/police-in-china-detain-75-people-in-connection-with-a-service-that-determined-the-female-gender-of-unborn-babies-for-the-purpose-of-abortion.md) _Context: Hong Kong, People's Republic of China_
4. [Thousands of people take to the streets of Hong Kong, demanding answers over China's alleged abduction of five booksellers in late 2015 and that Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying resign from office. ](/news/2016/07/1/thousands-of-people-take-to-the-streets-of-hong-kong-demanding-answers-over-china-s-alleged-abduction-of-five-booksellers-in-late-2015-and.md) _Context: Hong Kong, People's Republic of China_
5. [Japan summons China's ambassador, Cheng Yonghua, to Tokyo after a People's Liberation Army Navy warship sailed close to its territorial waters near the disputed Senkaku Islands in the East China Sea for the first time. ](/news/2016/06/9/japan-summons-china-s-ambassador-cheng-yonghua-to-tokyo-after-a-people-s-liberation-army-navy-warship-sailed-close-to-its-territorial-wate.md) _Context: Japan, People's Republic of China_
6. [Jia Jia, a columnist for China's Tencent media company is reported missing after not being heard from since Tuesday, when he was on his way to Hong Kong. He was last heard from when he tried to warn a friend about publishing an anonymous letter calling for President Xi Jinping's resignation. ](/news/2016/03/18/jia-jia-a-columnist-for-china-s-tencent-media-company-is-reported-missing-after-not-being-heard-from-since-tuesday-when-he-was-on-his-way.md) _Context: Hong Kong, People's Republic of China_
7. [China's Alibaba Group Holding Limited acquires Hong Kong's largest English-language newspaper, the ''South China Morning Post'', in a deal reported to be worth about $100 million. ](/news/2015/12/11/china-s-alibaba-group-holding-limited-acquires-hong-kong-s-largest-english-language-newspaper-the-south-china-morning-post-in-a-deal-r.md) _Context: Hong Kong, People's Republic of China_
8. [Japan's prime minister Shinzo Abe says he is considering sending Japanese Navy warships to the South China Sea to back-up U.S. naval operations, saying, "With regard to activity by the Self-Defense Forces in the South China Sea, I will consider it while focusing on what effect the situation has on Japan's security." In response, China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesperson, Hong Lei, told Chinese state media that China will remain on "high alert for intervention by Japan in the South China Sea issue". ](/news/2015/11/21/japan-s-prime-minister-shinza-abe-says-he-is-considering-sending-japanese-navy-warships-to-the-south-china-sea-to-back-up-u-s-naval-operat.md) _Context: Japan, People's Republic of China_
9. [''Philippines v. China''The Philippines asks the International Court of Arbitration at The Hague to invalidate China's claims to virtually all of the South China Sea. The hearing was attended by observers from Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, Thailand, and Vietnam. ](/news/2015/07/9/philippines-v-china-pthe-philippines-asks-the-international-court-of-arbitration-at-the-hague-to-invalidate-china-s-claims-to-virtually.md) _Context: Japan, People's Republic of China_
10. [ The finals of the robot football World Cup are held.  A Chinese team defeats the Netherlands in the finals of the middle-weight non-humanoid league, while another lost in the final of the small humanoid class to a team from Japan. ](/news/2015/07/22/the-finals-of-the-robot-football-world-cup-are-held-a-chinese-team-defeats-the-netherlands-in-the-finals-of-the-middle-weight-non-humanoi.md) _Context: Japan, People's Republic of China_
