### [2006-01-22](/news/2006/01/22/index.md)

#  Fears of sabotage ensue after explosions of two gas pipelines in Russia's North Ossetian Republic suspend gas supply to Georgia and Armenia. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/4636458.stm)

### Related:

1. [A landslide in the Dariali Gorge in northeastern Georgia kills at least three people, blocks the Terek River, and disrupts gas supply to Armenia. ](/news/2014/05/17/a-landslide-in-the-dariali-gorge-in-northeastern-georgia-kills-at-least-three-people-blocks-the-terek-river-and-disrupts-gas-supply-to-arm.md) _Context: Armenia, Georgian_
2. [Georgia annuls a military transit treaty with Russia, which allowed the latter access to its military base in Armenia.](/news/2011/04/19/georgia-annuls-a-military-transit-treaty-with-russia-which-allowed-the-latter-access-to-its-military-base-in-armenia.md) _Context: Armenia, Georgian_
3. [Turkey's national security council adds Israeli activity in the Middle East, "online terror" and global warming to a document listing potential threats, while removing Armenia, Bulgaria, Georgia, Iran and Syria from the same list. The document also calls for a Middle East without nuclear weapons. ](/news/2010/10/30/turkey-s-national-security-council-adds-israeli-activity-in-the-middle-east-online-terror-and-global-warming-to-a-document-listing-potent.md) _Context: Armenia, Georgian_
4. [ President Mikhail Saakashvili of Georgia pledges to end his country's energy crisis by importing Iranian natural gas. Starting Monday, Georgia will import 2 million m3 of gas a day at $120/m3, $10 more than for Russian gas. Georgia's supply of Russian gas has been interrupted since Sunday due to pipeline explosions. Saakashvili has accused Moscow of sabotage for political gain. ](/news/2006/01/27/president-mikhail-saakashvili-of-georgia-pledges-to-end-his-country-s-energy-crisis-by-importing-iranian-natural-gas-starting-monday-geor.md) _Context: Georgian, pipeline explosions_
5. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). A suicide bomber attacks a convoy in Afghanistan's Kabul province, killing a Georgian soldier and three civilians and wounding 13 others, including six Resolute Support personnel. ](/news/2017/08/3/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-suicide-bomber-attacks-a-convoy-in-afghanistan-s-kabul-province-killing-a-georgian-soldier-and-three.md) _Context: Georgian_
6. [Armenian parliamentary election, 2017. Authorities declare that the Republican Party, led by President Serzh Sargsyan, wins the Armenia election amid accusations by opposition parties and the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe of voting irregularities. ](/news/2017/04/3/armenian-parliamentary-election-2017-authorities-declare-that-the-republican-party-led-by-president-serzh-sargsyan-wins-the-armenia-elec.md) _Context: Armenia_
7. [Armenian parliamentary election, 2017. Voters in Armenia go to the polls for an election, the first since constitutional changes were approved in a referendum in 2015, which changed the country's governance from a semi-presidential system to a parliamentary republic. Opinion polls predict a tight race between the nationalist Republican Party, led by President Serzh Sargsyan, and the centre-right Prosperous Armenia, led by Gagik Tsarukyan. With votes from 64% of the polling stations counted, the Republican Party leads with 49.7% of votes. ](/news/2017/04/2/armenian-parliamentary-election-2017-voters-in-armenia-go-to-the-polls-for-an-election-the-first-since-constitutional-changes-were-approv.md) _Context: Armenia_
8. [Georgia-European Union relations. Georgia's visa-free regime, which allows travel to most member states of the European Union, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom, enters into force. ](/news/2017/03/28/georgia-european-union-relations-georgia-s-visa-free-regime-which-allows-travel-to-most-member-states-of-the-european-union-with-the-ex.md) _Context: Georgian_
9. [Georgia-European Union relations. The European Union formally grants Georgian citizens visa-free travel to its member states, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom. The signed documents will be published on March 8, and officially enter into force on March 28. ](/news/2017/03/1/georgia-european-union-relations-the-european-union-formally-grants-georgian-citizens-visa-free-travel-to-its-member-states-with-the-exc.md) _Context: Georgian_
10. [Armenia-European Union relations. Armenia and the European Union agree on a new pact to boost ties between the two. It is expected to be signed later this year. This comes after Armenia rejected an Association Agreement in 2013. ](/news/2017/02/27/armenia-european-union-relations-armenia-and-the-european-union-agree-on-a-new-pact-to-boost-ties-between-the-two-it-is-expected-to-be-s.md) _Context: Armenia_
