### [2016-02-3](/news/2016/02/3/index.md)

# Three Palestinian assailants launch a shooting and stabbing attack near the Damascus Gate in Jerusalem, killing one policewoman and seriously injuring another, and lightly injuring a civilian, before being shot and killed by other security forces at the scene. Pipe bombs were discovered on their bodies. 

Hadar Cohen of Or Yehuda succumbs to wounds in hospital, second officer in serious but stable condition; 3 Palestinian assailants killed by police after assault at Damascus Gate


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/fb8c335ff2f24c0aa993115196424f8c/gazas-hamas-rulers-says-2-fighters-dead-tunnel-collapse)
2. [The Times of Israel](http://www.timesofisrael.com/border-police-officer-19-dies-after-jerusalem-terror-attack/)

### Related:

1. [In two simultaneous attacks near the Damascus Gate in Jerusalem, an Israeli policewoman is fatally stabbed; the three Palestinian assailants are shot dead. ISIL claims were questioned by Israeli authorities. As well, the PFLP and Hamas claim it was their members who did it. ](/news/2017/06/16/in-two-simultaneous-attacks-near-the-damascus-gate-in-jerusalem-an-israeli-policewoman-is-fatally-stabbed-the-three-palestinian-assailants.md) _Context: Damascus Gate, Jerusalem, Palestinians_
2. [A Palestinian gunman opens fire from a vehicle on people waiting at a train station and then the nearby police headquarters in Jerusalem, killing at least two people, including a police officer, and injuring six others. Israeli police kill the gunman. ](/news/2016/10/9/a-palestinian-gunman-opens-fire-from-a-vehicle-on-people-waiting-at-a-train-station-and-then-the-nearby-police-headquarters-in-jerusalem-ki.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015-present), Jerusalem, Palestinians_
3. [Three Palestinian assailants are shot dead in separate attacks on Israeli security forces in Jerusalem and the West Bank. ](/news/2016/02/19/three-palestinian-assailants-are-shot-dead-in-separate-attacks-on-israeli-security-forces-in-jerusalem-and-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015-present), Jerusalem, Palestinians_
4. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Jerusalem, Palestinians_
5. [A bomb explosion in Jerusalem set two buses on fire and injured 21 people with ball bearing and nails. Israeli police say they believe the incident was a suicide bombing but no group has claimed responsibility. ](/news/2016/04/18/a-bomb-explosion-in-jerusalem-set-two-buses-on-fire-and-injured-21-people-with-ball-bearing-and-nails-israeli-police-say-they-believe-the-i.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015-present), Jerusalem_
6. [A Palestinian wielding an ax attacks an Israeli soldier near Hebron and is shot dead while two 12-year-old Palestinians in Jerusalem are arrested by Israeli Police with three knives concealed in their coats on suspicion of planning to carry out a stabbing attack. ](/news/2016/04/14/a-palestinian-wielding-an-ax-attacks-an-israeli-soldier-near-hebron-and-is-shot-dead-while-two-12-year-old-palestinians-in-jerusalem-are-arr.md) _Context: Israeli police, Jerusalem_
7. [Two assailants are shot dead by Israeli police after knife-wielding Palestinians attacked Israelis in Jerusalem and in the West Bank. Another four people, including a Palestinian assailant, are injured in incidents at an Israeli checkpoint outside the West Bank city of Nablus and at a tram station in East Jerusalem. ](/news/2015/10/30/two-assailants-are-shot-dead-by-israeli-police-after-knife-wielding-palestinians-attacked-israelis-in-jerusalem-and-in-the-west-bank-anothe.md) _Context: Jerusalem, Palestinians_
8. [Three Palestinians are shot dead after attacking Israeli soldiers with knives in the occupied West Bank.  Jerusalem's Hadassah Hospital reports that 76-year old American-Israeli Richard Lakin, who was critically injured in a bus attack on October 13, 2015, died of his injuries. ](/news/2015/10/27/three-palestinians-are-shot-dead-after-attacking-israeli-soldiers-with-knives-in-the-occupied-west-bank-jerusalem-s-hadassah-hospital-repo.md) _Context: Jerusalem, Palestinians_
9. [U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, during a surprise visit to Jerusalem today, calls for calm ahead of meetings with Israeli and Palestinian leaders in an effort to bring an end to the month-long wave of violence. ](/news/2015/10/20/u-n-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-during-a-surprise-visit-to-jerusalem-today-calls-for-calm-ahead-of-meetings-with-israeli-and-palestinia.md) _Context: Jerusalem, Palestinians_
10. [Palestinians carried out three stabbing attacks against Israeli citizens and police in Jerusalem today with two of the attackers shot dead as the wave of violence continues, police said. There have been a series of stabbing attacks in Israel and the West Bank in recent days that have wounded several Israelis; nine attackers have been shot dead. Also, at least 16 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli forces during/after violent demonstrations in the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2015/10/12/palestinians-carried-out-three-stabbing-attacks-against-israeli-citizens-and-police-in-jerusalem-today-with-two-of-the-attackers-shot-dead-a.md) _Context: Jerusalem, Palestinians_
