### [2016-02-3](/news/2016/02/3/index.md)

# United States presidential election, 2016: Kentucky Senator Rand Paul suspends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination for President of the United States. 

Paul was running for a GOP that turned out not to exist.


### Source:

1. [Politico](http://www.politico.com/story/2016/02/rand-paul-dropping-out-of-white-house-race-218675)
2. [Vox](http://www.vox.com/2016/2/3/10904234/rand-paul-campaign)
3. [Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-politics/wp/2016/02/03/rick-santorum-to-suspend-2016-presidential-bid/)

### Related:

1. [United States presidential election, 2016: Republican Party presidential candidates, 2016: South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham ends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination for President. During his campaign he has failed to poll above single digits nationally or in the early voting states. ](/news/2015/12/21/united-states-presidential-election-2016-republican-party-presidential-candidates-2016-south-carolina-senator-lindsey-graham-ends-his-ca.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, President, Republican, United States Senate_
2. [United States presidential election, 2016: Ted Cruz presidential campaign, 2016: Texas Senator Ted Cruz names former Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina as his vice-presidential running mate. ](/news/2016/04/27/united-states-presidential-election-2016-ted-cruz-presidential-campaign-2016-texas-senator-ted-cruz-names-former-republican-presidential.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Republican, United States Senate_
3. [United States presidential election, 2016: The presidential campaigns of Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Governor of Ohio John Kasich announce they will now coordinate strategies to stop fellow Republican Donald Trump from becoming the party's nominee. Cruz's campaign will cut campaigning in Oregon and New Mexico to help Kasich, while the Kasich campaign will give Cruz a "clear path" in Indiana. ](/news/2016/04/25/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-presidential-campaigns-of-texas-senator-ted-cruz-and-governor-of-ohio-john-kasich-announce-th.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Republican, United States Senate_
4. [United States presidential election, 2016: New Jersey Governor Chris Christie suspends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination for President of the United States. ](/news/2016/02/10/united-states-presidential-election-2016-new-jersey-governor-chris-christie-suspends-his-campaign-for-the-republican-party-nomination-for.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, President, Republican_
5. [United States presidential election, 2016: Former Governor of Alaska, vice presidential candidate (2008), and Tea Party activist Sarah Palin endorses Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump for President of the United States. ](/news/2016/01/19/united-states-presidential-election-2016-former-governor-of-alaska-vice-presidential-candidate-2008-and-tea-party-activist-sarah-palin.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, President, Republican_
6. [United States presidential election, 2016: Republican Party presidential candidates, 2016: Former Governor of New York, George Pataki, ends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination for President of the United States. ](/news/2015/12/29/united-states-presidential-election-2016-republican-party-presidential-candidates-2016-former-governor-of-new-york-george-pataki-ends.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, President, Republican_
7. [United States presidential election, 2016: Senator Ted Cruz (R-Texas) announces his intention to run for president. ](/news/2015/03/23/united-states-presidential-election-2016-senator-ted-cruz-r-texas-announces-his-intention-to-run-for-president.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Republican, United States Senate_
8. [In the United States, Senator Rand Paul ends a 13-hour filibuster to block voting on the nomination of John O. Brennan as the Director of the CIA, questioning President Barack Obama and his administration's use of drones, and the stated legal justification for hypothetical lethal use within the United States targeting against noncombatants. Attorney General Eric Holder states that combat drones would not be used to target and kill, without due process, Americans not engaged in combat on American soil. ](/news/2013/03/7/in-the-united-states-senator-rand-paul-ends-a-13-hour-filibuster-to-block-voting-on-the-nomination-of-john-o-brennan-as-the-director-of-th.md) _Context: President, Rand Paul, United States Senate_
9. [ United States Presidential Election, 2008: Senator John McCain (R- AZ) announces his candidacy for president on the "Late Show with David Letterman". ](/news/2007/02/28/united-states-presidential-election-2008-senator-john-mccain-r-az-announces-his-candidacy-for-president-on-the-late-show-with-david-l.md) _Context: President, Republican, United States Senate_
10. [United States senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-states-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-it.md) _Context: Republican, United States Senate_
