### [2016-10-18](/news/2016/10/18/index.md)

# Applications of nanotechnology: While attempting to create a nanotechnology-based, catalyst-mediated series of chemical reactions to turn carbon dioxide (C|O|2) (a greenhouse gas) into a usable fuel, scientists at the Department of Energy-s Oak Ridge National Laboratory instead discover a single-step process using the surface area of tiny spikes of copper and carbon as a catalyst to turn carbon dioxide into ethanol (C|H|3|C|H|2|O|H). The reaction may serve as a method to alleviate possible climate change by both decreasing C|O|2 in the atmosphere and by using the ethanol as an additive to fuels to increase efficiency and thereby decrease consumption. 

The process is cheap, efficient, and scalable, meaning it could soon be used to remove large amounts of CO2 from the atmosphere.


### Source:

1. [Popular Mechanics](http://www.popularmechanics.com/science/green-tech/a23417/convert-co2-into-ethanol/)
2. [The Oak Ridge National Laboratory](https://www.ornl.gov/news/nano-spike-catalysts-convert-carbon-dioxide-directly-ethanol)

### Related:

1. [The World Meteorological Organization (WMO) says greenhouse gas levels in the atmosphere reached a record high in 2014 and the relentless fueling of climate change is endangering the planet for future generations. ](/news/2015/11/9/the-world-meteorological-organization-wmo-says-greenhouse-gas-levels-in-the-atmosphere-reached-a-record-high-in-2014-and-the-relentless-fu.md) _Context: climate change, greenhouse gas_
2. [ APEC: Leaders at the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation meeting in Sydney considers an aspirational climate change target of a 25% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions by 2030. ](/news/2007/09/8/apec-leaders-at-the-asia-pacific-economic-cooperation-meeting-in-sydney-considers-an-aspirational-climate-change-target-of-a-25-reduction.md) _Context: climate change, greenhouse gas_
3. [ Negotiators from 158 countries reach rough agreements on greenhouse gas targets at a United Nations climate change conference. ](/news/2007/08/31/negotiators-from-158-countries-reach-rough-agreements-on-greenhouse-gas-targets-at-a-united-nations-climate-change-conference.md) _Context: climate change, greenhouse gas_
4. [Environment of Brazil: Brazilian President Michel Temer abolishes the 46,000 sq km National Reserve of Copper and Associates (Renca) ecological reserve, which spans the borders of Amapa and Para states in northern Brazil. More than 20 domestic and multinational firms have expressed an interest in accessing the area's deposits of gold, copper, tantalum, iron ore, nickel and manganese. ](/news/2017/08/25/environment-of-brazil-brazilian-president-michel-temer-abolishes-the-46-000-sq-km-national-reserve-of-copper-and-associates-renca-ecologi.md) _Context: copper_
5. [2017 G20 Hamburg summit: The summit announces it is unable to gain agreement on climate change between the United States and the other 19 members of this international forum. ](/news/2017/07/8/2017-g20-hamburg-summit-the-summit-announces-it-is-unable-to-gain-agreement-on-climate-change-between-the-united-states-and-the-other-19-me.md) _Context: climate change_
6. [People's Climate March: Tens of thousands of people protest in Washington, D.C. to bring awareness to climate change. ](/news/2017/04/29/people-s-climate-march-tens-of-thousands-of-people-protest-in-washington-d-c-to-bring-awareness-to-climate-change.md) _Context: climate change_
7. [List of executive actions by Donald Trump: U.S. President Trump signs an executive order undoing former President Obama's climate change policies. ](/news/2017/03/28/list-of-executive-actions-by-donald-trump-u-s-president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-undoing-former-president-obama-s-climate-change-pol.md) _Context: climate change_
8. [Free University of Berlin chemists confirm that carbon can bond with more than four atoms, previously seen as its limit because carbon has only four shareable electrons. The researchers used X-rays to, for the first time, map the molecule - a carbon atom bonded to six other carbon atoms. ](/news/2017/01/7/free-university-of-berlin-chemists-confirm-that-carbon-can-bond-with-more-than-four-atoms-previously-seen-as-its-limit-because-carbon-has-o.md) _Context: carbon_
9. [An earth tremor in Europe's largest copper mine in southwestern Poland causes eight deaths. ](/news/2016/11/29/an-earth-tremor-in-europe-s-largest-copper-mine-in-southwestern-poland-causes-eight-deaths.md) _Context: copper_
10. [Paris climate change agreement: The Paris Agreement on climate change which governs greenhouse gas emissions will take effect in November. ](/news/2016/10/5/paris-climate-change-agreement-the-paris-agreement-on-climate-change-which-governs-greenhouse-gas-emissions-will-take-effect-in-november.md) _Context: greenhouse gas_
