### [2016-10-18](/news/2016/10/18/index.md)

# Clashes between Pygmy and Bantu tribes in Tanganyika region of Democratic Republic of Congo leave 20 people dead. 

Twenty people were killed after three days of clashes between Pygmies and Bantus in Kabalo in the southeast of the Democratic Republic of Congo.


### Source:

1. [Africa News](http://www.africanews.com/2016/10/18/dr-congo-20-dead-in-3-days-of-ethnic-clashes-in-katanga/)

### Related:

1. [Kamwina Nsapu rebellion. The United Nations MONUSCO reports that 20 Chowe-Pende community members have been killed in clashes with the Lulua-Luba community in Kasai-Central, Democratic Republic of Congo. ](/news/2017/04/26/kamwina-nsapu-rebellion-the-united-nations-monusco-reports-that-20-chowe-pende-community-members-have-been-killed-in-clashes-with-the-lulua.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo_
2. [Police in the Democratic Republic of Congo's capital Kinshasa fire on protesters opposing efforts by President Joseph Kabila to delay presidential and parliamentary elections due in 2016 leaving at least four people dead and ten injured. ](/news/2015/01/19/police-in-the-democratic-republic-of-congo-s-capital-kinshasa-fire-on-protesters-opposing-efforts-by-president-joseph-kabila-to-delay-presid.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo_
3. [The Democratic Republic of Congo confirms two deaths from Ebola in the north of the country, the first cases reported from the current outbreak. ](/news/2014/08/24/the-democratic-republic-of-congo-confirms-two-deaths-from-ebola-in-the-north-of-the-country-the-first-cases-reported-from-the-current-outbr.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo_
4. [The M23 rebel movement and the Congolese Army are engaged in heavy fighting in the environs of Goma. ](/news/2013/07/15/the-m23-rebel-movement-and-the-congolese-army-are-engaged-in-heavy-fighting-in-the-environs-of-goma.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo_
5. [2012-13 Central African Republic conflict:. Rebels in the Central African Republic reportedly take the presidential palace in Bangui, as President Francois Bozize flees to the neighbouring Democratic Republic of Congo. ](/news/2013/03/24/2012-13-central-african-republic-conflict-rebels-in-the-central-african-republic-reportedly-take-the-presidential-palace-in-bangui-as-p.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo_
6. [M23 rebellion:. The March 23 Movement in the Democratic Republic of Congo announces that peace talks will only commence if President Joseph Kabila's government signs a ceasefire. ](/news/2013/01/3/m23-rebellion-the-march-23-movement-in-the-democratic-republic-of-congo-announces-that-peace-talks-will-only-commence-if-president-joseph.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo_
7. [Nestor Louis Michel calls Rwandan President Paul Kagame a "great leader" ("groot leider"). Kagame has been accused of war crimes during Rwanda's invasion of the DR Congo in 1996, and of having led a subsequent proxy war against the DR Congo by arming the CNDP until January 20, 2009. Congo currently accuses Rwandan defence officials of supporting a new destabilisation of East Congo. Louis Michel urges the international community for "more time" to "objectivate the facts first" before taking any action. ](/news/2012/09/9/nestor-louis-michel-calls-rwandan-president-paul-kagame-a-great-leader-groot-leider-kagame-has-been-accused-of-war-crimes-during-rwan.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo_
8. [2012 East DR Congo conflict: The Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC)'s military has been shelling positions it believes are held by rebels who have been fighting the army for weeks in the country's east. ](/news/2012/05/17/2012-east-dr-congo-conflict-the-democratic-republic-of-congo-drc-s-military-has-been-shelling-positions-it-believes-are-held-by-rebels-wh.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo_
9. [The Democratic Republic of Congo and South Africa sign an accord to develop a mega-hydroelectric plant on the Congo river to address their nations' growing energy needs. ](/news/2011/11/12/the-democratic-republic-of-congo-and-south-africa-sign-an-accord-to-develop-a-mega-hydroelectric-plant-on-the-congo-river-to-address-their-n.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo_
10. [The trial of two Rwandan rebel leaders charged in connection with their part in crimes against humanity and war crimes carried out by their militias in the Democratic Republic of Congo in 2008 and 2009, begins in the Stuttgart high court, Germany. ](/news/2011/05/4/the-trial-of-two-rwandan-rebel-leaders-charged-in-connection-with-their-part-in-crimes-against-humanity-and-war-crimes-carried-out-by-their.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo_
