### [2016-10-18](/news/2016/10/18/index.md)

# Somali police say at least seven are dead after clashes as Somali and African Union troops pushed back al-Shabab extremists from Afgooye, a town near Mogadishu. 

MOGADISHU, Somalia (AP) — Somali police say at least seven are dead after hours of clashes as Somali and African Union troops pushed back al-Shabab extremists from a town near Mogadishu. The attacks in Afgoye started when…


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/8bca1c830e0f4d8087cdc6c4ce798f1d/7-dead-somali-troops-fight-al-shabab-town-near-capital)

### Related:

1. [A suspected Al-Shabab suicide bomber blows open the gate of Mogadishu's Nasa-Hablod hotel in Somalia, before militant fighters storm the building. Officials said at least 15 were killed, 25 injured, and an unknown number of guests were taken hostage. ](/news/2016/06/25/a-suspected-al-shabab-suicide-bomber-blows-open-the-gate-of-mogadishu-s-nasa-hablod-hotel-in-somalia-before-militant-fighters-storm-the-bui.md) _Context: Mogadishu, Somalia, War in Somalia, al Shabaab militia_
2. [A suicide bomber explodes a car bomb near a hotel, al-Shabaab militants then storm the hotel and a pizza restaurant, killing least 20 people and taking others hostage, in Somalia's capital Mogadishu. All five attackers are later killed. ](/news/2017/06/14/a-suicide-bomber-explodes-a-car-bomb-near-a-hotel-al-shabaab-militants-then-storm-the-hotel-and-a-pizza-restaurant-killing-least-20-people.md) _Context: Mogadishu, War in Somalia, al Shabaab militia_
3. [A United States Navy SEAL is killed, becoming the first U.S. service member killed in Somalia since 1993, and three others are injured in a gunfight with al-Shabaab militants, west of Mogadishu. ](/news/2017/05/6/a-united-states-navy-seal-is-killed-becoming-the-first-u-s-service-member-killed-in-somalia-since-1993-and-three-others-are-injured-in-a.md) _Context: Mogadishu, Somalia, al Shabaab militia_
4. [A car bomb at a Mogadishu restaurant near the Jilaow detention center kills four people and injures another five. Al-Shabaab claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/10/1/a-car-bomb-at-a-mogadishu-restaurant-near-the-jilaow-detention-center-kills-four-people-and-injures-another-five-al-shabaab-claims-responsi.md) _Context: Mogadishu, War in Somalia, al Shabaab militia_
5. [At least 10 Somali Armed Forces soldiers and 12 Al-Shabaab militants are killed in fighting near the town of Afgooye, Lower Shabelle. ](/news/2016/07/11/at-least-10-somali-armed-forces-soldiers-and-12-al-shabaab-militants-are-killed-in-fighting-near-the-town-of-afgooye-lower-shabelle.md) _Context: Afgooye, War in Somalia, al Shabaab militia_
6. [At least six people are shot and killed and several people wounded by suspected Al-Shabaab militants who ambushed two buses in Mandera, Kenya, near the Somalian border. ](/news/2016/07/1/at-least-six-people-are-shot-and-killed-and-several-people-wounded-by-suspected-al-shabaab-militants-who-ambushed-two-buses-in-mandera-keny.md) _Context: Somalia, War in Somalia, al Shabaab militia_
7. [At least 16 people are killed and 55 injured in an attack on a hotel in Mogadishu, Somalia. Al-Shabaab claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/06/1/at-least-16-people-are-killed-and-55-injured-in-an-attack-on-a-hotel-in-mogadishu-somalia-al-shabaab-claims-responsibility.md) _Context: Mogadishu, Somalia, al Shabaab militia_
8. [The first of seventy British military personnel arrive in Somalia to help combat the threat of Islamist militants. The remaining troops will join the United Nations peacekeepers and AMISOM soldiers in countering Al-Shabaab later on this year. This deployment is part of a greater effort by the United Kingdom to target terrorism. ](/news/2016/05/2/the-first-of-seventy-british-military-personnel-arrive-in-somalia-to-help-combat-the-threat-of-islamist-militants-the-remaining-troops-will.md) _Context: Somalia, War in Somalia, al Shabaab militia_
9. [ U.S. officials say unmanned airstrikes in southern Somalia killed about a dozen suspected militants from the al Qaeda-linked group al Shabaab on Monday and Tuesday. ](/news/2016/04/12/u-s-officials-say-unmanned-airstrikes-in-southern-somalia-killed-about-a-dozen-suspected-militants-from-the-al-qaeda-linked-group-al-shaba.md) _Context: Somalia, War in Somalia, al Shabaab militia_
10. [At least five people are killed and seven are wounded following a car bomb attack near a government building in Somalia's capital, Mogadishu. Al-Shabaab claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/04/11/at-least-five-people-are-killed-and-seven-are-wounded-following-a-car-bomb-attack-near-a-government-building-in-somalia-s-capital-mogadishu.md) _Context: Mogadishu, Somalia, al Shabaab militia_
