### [2016-10-18](/news/2016/10/18/index.md)

# While attempting to create a nanotechnology-based, catalyst-mediated series of chemical reactions to turn carbon dioxide (C (a greenhouse gas) into a usable fuel, scientists at the Department of Energy's Oak Ridge National Laboratory instead discover a single-step process using the surface area of tiny spikes of copper and carbon as a catalyst to turn carbon dioxide into ethanol (C C O. The reaction may serve as a method to alleviate possible climate change by both decreasing C in the atmosphere and by using the ethanol as an additive to fuels to increase efficiency and thereby decrease consumption. 

The process is cheap, efficient, and scalable, meaning it could soon be used to remove large amounts of CO2 from the atmosphere.


### Source:

1. [Popular Mechanics](http://www.popularmechanics.com/science/green-tech/a23417/convert-co2-into-ethanol/)
2. [The Oak Ridge National Laboratory](https://www.ornl.gov/news/nano-spike-catalysts-convert-carbon-dioxide-directly-ethanol)
2. [Cover Image](http://pop.h-cdn.co/assets/16/42/1600x800/landscape-1476733673-gettyimages-188066739.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The World Meteorological Organization (WMO) says greenhouse gas levels in the atmosphere reached a record high in 2014 and the relentless fueling of climate change is endangering the planet for future generations. ](/news/2015/11/9/the-world-meteorological-organization-wmo-says-greenhouse-gas-levels-in-the-atmosphere-reached-a-record-high-in-2014-and-the-relentless-fu.md) _Context: climate change, greenhouse gas_
2. [ Leaders at the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation meeting in Sydney considers an aspirational climate change target of a 25% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions by 2030. ](/news/2007/09/8/leaders-at-the-asia-pacific-economic-cooperation-meeting-in-sydney-considers-an-aspirational-climate-change-target-of-a-25-reduction-in-gr.md) _Context: climate change, greenhouse gas_
3. [ Negotiators from 158 countries reach rough agreements on greenhouse gas targets at a United Nations climate change conference. ](/news/2007/08/31/negotiators-from-158-countries-reach-rough-agreements-on-greenhouse-gas-targets-at-a-united-nations-climate-change-conference.md) _Context: climate change, greenhouse gas_
4. [ The United States Department of Energy announces plans to build the world's fastest supercomputer, capable of a sustained performance of 50 trillion calculations per second (compared to 36.5 trillion for Japan's Earth Simulator and less than 8 trillion for the US's ASCI White). The computer, to be federally funded to the tune of USD 50 million, will be built at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory. ](/news/2004/05/12/the-united-states-department-of-energy-announces-plans-to-build-the-world-s-fastest-supercomputer-capable-of-a-sustained-performance-of-50.md) _Context: Department of Energy, Oak Ridge National Laboratory_
5. [ Measurements taken at Mauna Loa Observatory show carbon dioxide readings of 379 parts per million, up by 3 ppm in one year; average increase for the past decade has been 1.8 ppm. The reason for this accelerated buildup in a greenhouse gas requires further analysis. ](/news/2004/03/21/measurements-taken-at-mauna-loa-observatory-show-carbon-dioxide-readings-of-379-parts-per-million-up-by-3-ppm-in-one-year-average-increas.md) _Context: carbon dioxide (C|O|2), greenhouse gas_
6. [ Astronomers detect the presence of oxygen and carbon in the atmosphere of the extrasolar planet HD 209458 b (Osiris), known to be venting gas into space.](/news/2004/02/3/astronomers-detect-the-presence-of-oxygen-and-carbon-in-the-atmosphere-of-the-extrasolar-planet-hd-209458-b-osiris-known-to-be-venting-g.md) _Context: atmosphere, carbon_
7. [The World Health Organization says that hunger around the world has risen as a result of war and climate change. ](/news/2017/09/15/the-world-health-organization-says-that-hunger-around-the-world-has-risen-as-a-result-of-war-and-climate-change.md) _Context: climate change_
8. [Brazilian President Michel Temer abolishes the 46,000 sq km National Reserve of Copper and Associates (Renca) ecological reserve, which spans the borders of Amapa and Para states in northern Brazil. More than 20 domestic and multinational firms have expressed an interest in accessing the area's deposits of gold, copper, tantalum, iron ore, nickel and manganese. ](/news/2017/08/25/brazilian-president-michel-temer-abolishes-the-46-000-sq-km-national-reserve-of-copper-and-associates-renca-ecological-reserve-which-span.md) _Context: copper_
9. [The summit announces it is unable to gain agreement on climate change between the United States and the other 19 members of this international forum. ](/news/2017/07/8/the-summit-announces-it-is-unable-to-gain-agreement-on-climate-change-between-the-united-states-and-the-other-19-members-of-this-internation.md) _Context: climate change_
10. [Tens of thousands of people protest in Washington, D.C. to bring awareness to climate change. ](/news/2017/04/29/tens-of-thousands-of-people-protest-in-washington-d-c-to-bring-awareness-to-climate-change.md) _Context: climate change_
