### [2016-12-6](/news/2016/12/6/index.md)

#  The U.S. Justice Department (DOJ) issues final approval for Alaska Airlines to acquire Virgin America, in a US$2.6 billion dollar merger. In exchange for approval, the DOJ requires Alaska Airlines to reduce its partnership with American Airlines. 

Antitrust enforcers at the Justice Department granted approval for the $2.6 billion merger of Alaska Air Group and Virgin America.


### Source:

1. [The Wall Street Journal](http://www.wsj.com/articles/justice-department-close-to-approving-alaska-air-virgin-america-deal-1481031602)

### Related:

1. [The United States tentatively approves eight, of 12 that applied, airlines for flights from 10 U.S. cities to Havana as early as this fall: Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Delta Air Lines, Frontier Airlines, JetBlue Airways, Southwest Airlines, Spirit Airlines, and United Airlines. Last month, flights were approved from five U.S. cities to nine other international airports. ](/news/2016/07/7/the-united-states-tentatively-approves-eight-of-12-that-applied-airlines-for-flights-from-10-u-s-cities-to-havana-as-early-as-this-fall.md) _Context: Alaska Airlines, American Airlines_
2. [Alaska Airlines announces plans to acquire Virgin America for $4 billion. ](/news/2016/04/4/alaska-airlines-announces-plans-to-acquire-virgin-america-for-4-billion.md) _Context: Alaska Airlines, Virgin America_
3. [The United States Department of Justice and six states file an antitrust lawsuit to block the proposed merger of American Airlines and US Airways. ](/news/2013/08/13/the-united-states-department-of-justice-and-six-states-file-an-antitrust-lawsuit-to-block-the-proposed-merger-of-american-airlines-and-us-ai.md) _Context: American Airlines, U.S. Justice Department_
4. [The U.S. Justice Department announces Roman Seleznev, the son of Russian parliament member Valery Seleznev, pleaded guilty in a $50 million identity theft probe. This past April, Seleznev was sentenced to 27 years in prison on 38 counts of hacking crimes. ](/news/2017/09/8/the-u-s-justice-department-announces-roman-seleznev-the-son-of-russian-parliament-member-valery-seleznev-pleaded-guilty-in-a-50-million.md) _Context: U.S. Justice Department_
5. [The U.S. Justice Department announces internally that it is to start investigating colleges which have admissions policies that are seen as unfair to Asian Americans. ](/news/2017/08/2/the-u-s-justice-department-announces-internally-that-it-is-to-start-investigating-colleges-which-have-admissions-policies-that-are-seen-as.md) _Context: U.S. Justice Department_
6. [The U.S. Department of Justice charges 412 individuals with health care fraud. Collectively, these individuals are accused of collectively defrauding $1.3 billion from the U.S. government. ](/news/2017/07/13/the-u-s-department-of-justice-charges-412-individuals-with-health-care-fraud-collectively-these-individuals-are-accused-of-collectively-d.md) _Context: U.S. Justice Department_
7. [After "The Intercept" publishes a classified NSA document describing Russian efforts to launch cyberattacks on U.S. voting software suppliers, the United States Department of Justice announces it had brought charges upon Reality Winner, the alleged leaker. ](/news/2017/06/5/after-the-intercept-publishes-a-classified-nsa-document-describing-russian-efforts-to-launch-cyberattacks-on-u-s-voting-software-supplier.md) _Context: U.S. Justice Department_
8. [Alaska Airlines removes 11 passengers from a Juneau, Alaska to Seattle, Washington flight, due to alleged unruly and uncooperative behavior. There were no arrests. ](/news/2017/06/26/alaska-airlines-removes-11-passengers-from-a-juneau-alaska-to-seattle-washington-flight-due-to-alleged-unruly-and-uncooperative-behavior.md) _Context: Alaska Airlines_
9. [The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-may-25-ruling-that-affirmed-the.md) _Context: U.S. Justice Department_
10. [American Airlines announces it is investigating a viral video of an incident on a San Francisco to Dallas flight which shows a male flight attendant upsetting a female passenger, who he had allegedly forcefully taken a baby buggy from, and threatening to fight a male passenger. The American Airlines employee has been suspended. ](/news/2017/04/22/american-airlines-announces-it-is-investigating-a-viral-video-of-an-incident-on-a-san-francisco-to-dallas-flight-which-shows-a-male-flight-a.md) _Context: American Airlines_
