### [2002-09-30](/news/2002/09/30/index.md)

#  NOAA and NASA researchers announce the ozone hole over Antarctica has grown markedly smaller since last year and has broken into two, due to warmer temperatures.




### Related:

1. [NASA projects that 2016 will have the warmest global temperature average on record. This year would be the third record-breaking year in a row. Per NOAA annals, April marked the 12th record warmest month in a row. ](/news/2016/05/22/nasa-projects-that-2016-will-have-the-warmest-global-temperature-average-on-record-this-year-would-be-the-third-record-breaking-year-in-a-r.md) _Context: NASA, NOAA_
2. [According to a new NASA (U.S.) study, ice sheet gains outweigh losses on the continent of Antarctica. An increase in snow accumulation that began 10,000 years ago outweighs increased losses from the continent's thinning glaciers. In 2013, Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change findings suggested gains were not keeping up with losses. NASA glaciologist Jay Zwally said, "We're essentially in agreement with other studies ... (except) ice gain in East Antarctica and the interior of West Antarctica exceeds losses in the other areas." ](/news/2015/10/31/according-to-a-new-nasa-u-s-study-ice-sheet-gains-outweigh-losses-on-the-continent-of-antarctica-an-increase-in-snow-accumulation-that.md) _Context: Antarctica, NASA_
3. [NASA researchers in Antarctica discover cold-water Lysianassidae, shrimp-like amphipods, living in the water beneath the Ross Ice Shelf. ](/news/2010/03/16/nasa-researchers-in-antarctica-discover-cold-water-lysianassidae-shrimp-like-amphipods-living-in-the-water-beneath-the-ross-ice-shelf.md) _Context: Antarctica, NASA_
4. [ NASA's Orbiting Carbon Observatory lands in the Pacific Ocean near Antarctica after failing to reach Earth's orbit. ](/news/2009/02/24/nasa-s-orbiting-carbon-observatory-lands-in-the-pacific-ocean-near-antarctica-after-failing-to-reach-earth-s-orbit.md) _Context: Antarctica, NASA_
5. [Peggy Whitson, commander of the International Space Station (ISS), breaks the record for most total days spent in space by any NASA astronaut, at more than 534 days. ](/news/2017/04/24/peggy-whitson-commander-of-the-international-space-station-iss-breaks-the-record-for-most-total-days-spent-in-space-by-any-nasa-astronau.md) _Context: NASA_
6. [NASA announces Saturn's moon Enceladus has the conditions in its global subsurface ocean to support life. ](/news/2017/04/13/nasa-announces-saturn-s-moon-enceladus-has-the-conditions-in-its-global-subsurface-ocean-to-support-life.md) _Context: NASA_
7. [U.S. Congress passes a bill that mandates NASA send humans to Mars by 2033. ](/news/2017/03/8/u-s-congress-passes-a-bill-that-mandates-nasa-send-humans-to-mars-by-2033.md) _Context: NASA_
8. [NASA astronaut Shane Kimbrough and ESA astronaut Thomas Pesquet take a spacewalk outside of the International Space Station to prepare the vessel for new arrivals. ](/news/2017/03/24/nasa-astronaut-shane-kimbrough-and-esa-astronaut-thomas-pesquet-take-a-spacewalk-outside-of-the-international-space-station-to-prepare-the-v.md) _Context: NASA_
9. [NASA and the European Southern Observatory announce the discovery of four new Earth-like planets in the Goldilocks zone of the star TRAPPIST-1, in addition to the three discovered there last year. ](/news/2017/02/22/nasa-and-the-european-southern-observatory-announce-the-discovery-of-four-new-earth-like-planets-in-the-goldilocks-zone-of-the-star-trappist.md) _Context: NASA_
10. [Global temperatures rose to the hottest level on record for 2016 for a third successive record according to NASA and the US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. ](/news/2017/01/18/global-temperatures-rose-to-the-hottest-level-on-record-for-2016-for-a-third-successive-record-according-to-nasa-and-the-us-national-oceanic.md) _Context: NASA_
