### [2002-09-30](/news/2002/09/30/index.md)

#  Stock market downturn of 2002: Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi fired financial regulator Hakuo Yanagisawa in favor of economy minister Heizo Takenaka.




### Related:

1. [ Japan expresses remorse for its actions in World War II on the anniversary of its 1945 defeat, but former Prime Ministers Junichiro Koizumi and Shinzo Abe visit the Yasukuni Shrine, a controversial war shrine seen as a symbol of its past militarism. ](/news/2009/08/15/japan-expresses-remorse-for-its-actions-in-world-war-ii-on-the-anniversary-of-its-1945-defeat-but-former-prime-ministers-junichiro-koizumi.md) _Context: Junichiro Koizumi_
2. [ Shinzo Abe is elected as party leader of the Liberal Democratic Party in Japan, replacing the current Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi. He will likely be elected as the new prime minister on 30 September 2006. ](/news/2006/09/20/shinzo-abe-is-elected-as-party-leader-of-the-liberal-democratic-party-in-japan-replacing-the-current-prime-minister-junichiro-koizumi-he.md) _Context: Junichiro Koizumi_
3. [ Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi visits the Yasukuni Shrine, drawing many protests from around the region. [http://sfgate.com/cgi-bin/blogs/sfgate/category?blogid=15archive/&cat=498 (San Francisco Chronicle)].](/news/2006/08/15/japanese-prime-minister-junichiro-koizumi-visits-the-yasukuni-shrine-drawing-many-protests-from-around-the-region-http-sfgate-com-cgi.md) _Context: Junichiro Koizumi_
4. [ Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi announces plans to withdraw his country's troops from Iraq.  The 600 soldiers had been deployed to Iraq in 2004 to aid in reconstruction and sparked controversy in Japan, as it was the most ambitious overseas deployment by Japan since World War II. ](/news/2006/06/20/japanese-prime-minister-junichiro-koizumi-announces-plans-to-withdraw-his-country-s-troops-from-iraq-the-600-soldiers-had-been-deployed-t.md) _Context: Junichiro Koizumi_
5. [ Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi announces his fifth cabinet. Shinzo Abe, former Secretary General of the Liberal Democratic Party, becomes Chief Cabinet Secretary and is widely speculated to be Koizumi's chosen successor. Former Interior Minister Taro Aso becomes Foreign Minister, and is replaced by former economic advisor Heizo Takenaka. ](/news/2005/10/31/japanese-prime-minister-junichiro-koizumi-announces-his-fifth-cabinet-shinzo-abe-former-secretary-general-of-the-liberal-democratic-party.md) _Context: Junichiro Koizumi_
6. [ Japanese prime minister Junichiro Koizumi visits the Yasukuni shrine which honors Japan's war dead including 14 Class A war criminals of World War II. This is Koizumi's fifth visit to Yasukuni since taking office in 2001. (CNN)](/news/2005/10/16/japanese-prime-minister-junichiro-koizumi-visits-the-yasukuni-shrine-which-honors-japan-s-war-dead-including-14-class-a-war-criminals-of-wo.md) _Context: Junichiro Koizumi_
7. [ An Osaka High Court judge rules that the visit by Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi to the Yasukuni Shrine violates the constitution's separation of church and state.  The visit by a Japanese head of government to the war shrine is a sensitive issue with China and South Korea. ](/news/2005/09/30/an-osaka-high-court-judge-rules-that-the-visit-by-japanese-prime-minister-junichiro-koizumi-to-the-yasukuni-shrine-violates-the-constitutio.md) _Context: Junichiro Koizumi_
8. [ According to exit polls, Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi's long-ruling Liberal Democratic Party has won a landslide victory in the Japan general election, 2005. Democratic Party leader Katsuya Okada concedes defeat and announces his resignation as party leader. ](/news/2005/09/11/according-to-exit-polls-prime-minister-junichiro-koizumi-s-long-ruling-liberal-democratic-party-has-won-a-landslide-victory-in-the-japan-g.md) _Context: Junichiro Koizumi_
9. [ Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi has dissolved the Japanese House of Representatives and will call a snap election for September 11.  The move came after rebel lawmakers from his own Liberal Democratic Party voted down postal reform legislation on which he had staked the party's mandate. The postal reform would have led to privatization of the country's postal service. It is thought that the move will plunge normally staid Japanese politics into great uncertainty.](/news/2005/08/8/japanese-prime-minister-junichiro-koizumi-has-dissolved-the-japanese-house-of-representatives-and-will-call-a-snap-election-for-september-1.md) _Context: Junichiro Koizumi_
10. [ Many countries celebrate the 60th Anniversary of the Victory in the Pacific and the end of World War II. Beijing holds an arts performance gala. In Japan, in a large-scale ceremony led by the Emperor Akihito, Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi apologizes for people's suffering Japan caused during World War II. The ceremony was met with scattered protests. ](/news/2005/08/15/many-countries-celebrate-the-60th-anniversary-of-the-victory-in-the-pacific-and-the-end-of-world-war-ii-beijing-holds-an-arts-performance.md) _Context: Junichiro Koizumi_
