### [2013-06-25](/news/2013/06/25/index.md)

# Democrat Ed Markey defeats Republican Gabriel E. Gomez in a Massachusetts special election to elect a senator to finish John Kerry's term. Kerry resigned in February to become Secretary of State.

Representative Edward J. Markey of Massachusetts won a promotion to the Senate over his Republican challenger, Gabriel Gomez.


### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2013/06/26/us/massachusetts-special-senate-election.html?_r=0)

### Related:

1. [United States senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-states-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-it.md) _Context: Democratic, Republican, United States Senate_
2. [Efforts to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act: American Health Care Act of 2017: The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/efforts-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-american-health-care-act-of-2017-the-republican-controlled-united-states.md) _Context: Democratic, Republican, United States Senate_
3. [Political appointments of Donald Trump: The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/political-appointments-of-donald-trump-the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-prim.md) _Context: Democratic, Republican, United States Senate_
4. [Elections in the United States; Louisiana gubernatorial election, 2015: Democratic state Representative John Bel Edwards, the surprise winner of the October 24 open primary, is elected governor of Louisiana over Republican U.S. Senator David Vitter. Edwards' margin is 140,931 votes (56.11 percent), all 3,945 precincts reporting. Edwards will replace former Republican presidential candidate Bobby Jindal, who was not eligible to seek another term. ](/news/2015/11/21/elections-in-the-united-states-louisiana-gubernatorial-election-2015-democratic-state-representative-john-bel-edwards-the-surprise-winne.md) _Context: Democratic, Republican, United States Senate_
5. [Elections in the United States; Louisiana gubernatorial election, 2015: Republican U.S. Senator David Vitter and Democratic state Representative John Bel Edwards top two Republican candidates for spots in the November 21 runoff election. Edwards wins 40 percent and Vitter 23 percent of the primary vote, according to unofficial returns. ](/news/2015/10/25/elections-in-the-united-states-louisiana-gubernatorial-election-2015-republican-u-s-senator-david-vitter-and-democratic-state-representa.md) _Context: Democratic, Republican, United States Senate_
6. [United States Senate election in Louisiana, 2014: Democrat Mary Landrieu loses her bid for a fourth term representing Louisiana in the United States Senate to Republican Congressman Bill Cassidy in Saturday's runoff election, increasing the GOP majority in the U.S. Senate to 54 seats. ](/news/2014/12/7/united-states-senate-election-in-louisiana-2014-democrat-mary-landrieu-loses-her-bid-for-a-fourth-term-representing-louisiana-in-the-unite.md) _Context: Democratic, Republican, United States Senate_
7. [The United States Senate confirms John Kerry to become United States Secretary of State by a vote of 94-3. Kerry succeeds outgoing Secretary Hillary Clinton on February 1. ](/news/2013/01/29/the-united-states-senate-confirms-john-kerry-to-become-united-states-secretary-of-state-by-a-vote-of-94-3-kerry-succeeds-outgoing-secreta.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States Secretary of State, United States Senate_
8. [U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Susan Rice withdraws her name from consideration to be nominated U.S. Secretary of State, following increasing opposition to her nomination by Republican members of the Senate. ](/news/2012/12/13/u-s-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-susan-rice-withdraws-her-name-from-consideration-to-be-nominated-u-s-secretary-of-state-following-in.md) _Context: Republican, United States Secretary of State, United States Senate_
9. [ United States Senator Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania switches from the Republican to the Democratic Party. ](/news/2009/04/28/united-states-senator-arlen-specter-of-pennsylvania-switches-from-the-republican-to-the-democratic-party.md) _Context: Democratic, Republican, United States Senate_
10. [ United States presidential election, 2008:: Voters in New Hampshire go to the polls for the first primary election to determine presidential nominees for the Democratic and Republican parties.: New York Senator Hillary Clinton wins the Democratic primary.: Arizona Senator John McCain wins the Republican primary. ](/news/2008/01/8/united-states-presidential-election-2008-voters-in-new-hampshire-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-primary-election-to-determine-presidentia.md) _Context: Democratic, Republican, United States Senate_
