### [2013-06-25](/news/2013/06/25/index.md)

# Russian president Vladimir Putin confirms that Edward Snowden is currently in a Moscow airport's international area; Russia rejects United States extradition demands. 




### Source:

1. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2013/06/25/russian-official-balks-at-us-extradition-demand-for-snowden/)

### Related:

1. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, who later had to cut short his visit to Moscow because of terrorist attacks on the Philippine southern island of Mindanao, tells Russia President Vladimir Putin that the Philippines is looking to Russia for modern arms to fight ISIL. ](/news/2017/05/22/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-who-later-had-to-cut-short-his-visit-to-moscow-because-of-terrorist-attacks-on-the-philippine-southern.md) _Context: Moscow, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
2. [A fire at a warehouse in Moscow, Russia, kills at least 17 people, all migrant workers from Kyrgyzstan. The Investigative Committee of Russia, which reports directly to President Vladimir Putin, says a criminal inquiry has been launched. ](/news/2016/08/27/a-fire-at-a-warehouse-in-moscow-russia-kills-at-least-17-people-all-migrant-workers-from-kyrgyzstan-the-investigative-committee-of-russi.md) _Context: Moscow, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
3. [ U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry leaves for Moscow for talks on Syria and Ukraine with Russian President Vladimir Putin and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on Wednesday. Kerry is also expected to discuss the case of Ukrainian pilot Nadiya Savchenko, who today was sentenced to 22 years in prison in the city of Donetsk. ](/news/2016/03/22/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-leaves-for-moscow-for-talks-on-syria-and-ukraine-with-russian-president-vladimir-putin-and-foreign-minis.md) _Context: Moscow, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
4. [Finland and Russia agree to impose temporary restrictions at two Arctic border crossing points on the Finnish-Russian border following an increased flow of asylum seekers from Russia to Finland. Under a deal clinched by Russian President Vladimir Putin and Finnish President Sauli Niinisto in Moscow, crossings at two popular entry points, Salla and Raja-Jooseppi, will be reserved only for Finnish, Russian and Belarusian citizens and their family members for a period of 180 days. ](/news/2016/03/22/finland-and-russia-agree-to-impose-temporary-restrictions-at-two-arctic-border-crossing-points-on-the-finnisharussian-border-following-an.md) _Context: Moscow, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
5. [The President of Syria Bashar al-Assad visits Moscow for talks with the President of Russia Vladimir Putin in an unannounced visit. ](/news/2015/10/21/the-president-of-syria-bashar-al-assad-visits-moscow-for-talks-with-the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-in-an-unannounced-visit.md) _Context: Moscow, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
6. [President of Ukraine Viktor Yanukovych meets Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow amid mass protests against the relationship between the two. ](/news/2013/12/17/president-of-ukraine-viktor-yanukovych-meets-russian-president-vladimir-putin-in-moscow-amid-mass-protests-against-the-relationship-between.md) _Context: Moscow, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
7. [Russian police arrest prominent opposition leaders at a rally against President Vladimir Putin in Moscow. ](/news/2012/12/15/russian-police-arrest-prominent-opposition-leaders-at-a-rally-against-president-vladimir-putin-in-moscow.md) _Context: Moscow, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
8. [Tens of thousands rally at Moscow's Luzhniki Stadium in support of the Prime Minister Vladimir Putin's candidacy for President of Russia in the upcoming election on March 4th. ](/news/2012/02/23/tens-of-thousands-rally-at-moscow-s-luzhniki-stadium-in-support-of-the-prime-minister-vladimir-putin-s-candidacy-for-president-of-russia-in.md) _Context: Moscow, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
9. [ The President of France Nicolas Sarkozy travels to Moscow to meet with the President of Russia Vladimir Putin to discuss a broad range of policies including Kosovo, Chechnya, and Iran. ](/news/2007/10/9/the-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-travels-to-moscow-to-meet-with-the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-to-discuss-a-broad-range-of-p.md) _Context: Moscow, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
10. [ Russian journalist Anna Politkovskaya, famous for her criticism of President Vladimir Putin and his government's actions in Chechnya, is found murdered in Moscow. ](/news/2006/10/7/russian-journalist-anna-politkovskaya-famous-for-her-criticism-of-president-vladimir-putin-and-his-government-s-actions-in-chechnya-is-fo.md) _Context: Moscow, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
