### [2013-06-25](/news/2013/06/25/index.md)

# The Prime Minister of Greece, Antonis Samaras, reshuffles his cabinet giving more positions to his Panhellenic Socialist Movement coalition partner, appointing its leader Evangelos Venizelos as Deputy Prime Minister and Foreign Minister. 




### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/business/2013/jun/25/eurozone-crisis-greece-reshuffle-cabinet)

### Related:

1. [The British Museum announces that it will loan one of the Elgin Marbles in its collection, originally taken from Greece, to the Hermitage Museum in Saint Petersburg. Greece's Prime Minister Antonis Samaras calls the move "a provocation to the Greek people." ](/news/2014/12/5/the-british-museum-announces-that-it-will-loan-one-of-the-elgin-marbles-in-its-collection-originally-taken-from-greece-to-the-hermitage-mu.md) _Context: Antonis Samaras, Greek Prime Minister_
2. [Antonis Samaras, the Prime Minister of Greece, is to miss a European Union summit as he recovers from an eye operation. ](/news/2012/06/24/antonis-samaras-the-prime-minister-of-greece-is-to-miss-a-european-union-summit-as-he-recovers-from-an-eye-operation.md) _Context: Antonis Samaras, Greek Prime Minister_
3. [In Greece, Evangelos Venizelos of the Pasok party makes a third effort to create a coalition government, amid increasing political and economic turmoil in the country. ](/news/2012/05/10/in-greece-evangelos-venizelos-of-the-pasok-party-makes-a-third-effort-to-create-a-coalition-government-amid-increasing-political-and-econo.md) _Context: Evangelos Venizelos, PASOK_
4. [Former Prime Minister of Greece George Papandreou announces that he will resign as head of the Panhellenic Socialist Movement. ](/news/2012/01/4/former-prime-minister-of-greece-george-papandreou-announces-that-he-will-resign-as-head-of-the-panhellenic-socialist-movement.md) _Context: Greek Prime Minister, PASOK_
5. [Greeks vote in local elections with the Prime Minister George Papandreou threatening to dissolve parliament if his party does not fare well. Early results show that the PASOK is doing well making an early election less likely. ](/news/2010/11/7/greeks-vote-in-local-elections-with-the-prime-minister-george-papandreou-threatening-to-dissolve-parliament-if-his-party-does-not-fare-well.md) _Context: Greek Prime Minister, PASOK_
6. [The Panhellenic Socialist Movement (PASOK) of Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou does well in a second round of municipal elections including its candidates elected as mayors of Athens and Thessaloniki. ](/news/2010/11/14/the-panhellenic-socialist-movement-pasok-of-greek-prime-minister-george-papandreou-does-well-in-a-second-round-of-municipal-elections-incl.md) _Context: Greek Prime Minister, PASOK_
7. [Former Greek Prime Minister Lucas Papademos is injured when a booby-trapped package explodes inside his vehicle in Athens. Authorities report his injuries are not life threatening. ](/news/2017/05/25/former-greek-prime-minister-lucas-papademos-is-injured-when-a-booby-trapped-package-explodes-inside-his-vehicle-in-athens-authorities-repor.md) _Context: Greek Prime Minister_
8. [European migrant crisis. Greek prime minister Alexis Tsipras lashes out at European "ineptness" in handling the continent's massive immigration crisis. The Associated Press reports 31 more people - mostly children - drowned in shipwrecks in the Mediterranean Sea near the islands of Kalymnos and Rhodes. Turkey's state-run agency says four children drowned and two others are missing after two new accidents with boats headed to Greece's Lesbos and Samos islands. The death toll in the Aegean Sea over the past three days is at least 50. The Greek coast guard says they rescued 600 people in the past 24 hours, while thousands more made it safely from Turkey to Greece's southeastern islands. ](/news/2015/10/30/european-migrant-crisis-greek-prime-minister-alexis-tsipras-lashes-out-at-european-ineptness-in-handling-the-continent-s-massive-immigrat.md) _Context: Greek Prime Minister_
9. [Greek government-debt crisis. Interim Prime Minister of Greece Vassiliki Thanou-Christophilou, the country's first female prime minister, was sworn in Thursday. The PM named her caretaker government cabinet that will oversee implementation of austerity measures required by the latest debt bailout with Eurogroup. Elections, required after Alexis Tsipras resigned last week, are scheduled for September 20, 2015, the third time Greeks will be going to the polls this year. ](/news/2015/08/28/greek-government-debt-crisis-interim-prime-minister-of-greece-vassiliki-thanou-christophilou-the-country-s-first-female-prime-minister-wa.md) _Context: Greek Prime Minister_
10. [Vassiliki Thanou-Christophilou, the head of the Court of Cassation, is appointed as interim Prime Minister of Greece for the duration of the upcoming election. She is the first woman to hold the post. ](/news/2015/08/27/vassiliki-thanou-christophilou-the-head-of-the-court-of-cassation-is-appointed-as-interim-prime-minister-of-greece-for-the-duration-of-the.md) _Context: Greek Prime Minister_
