### [2015-10-8](/news/2015/10/8/index.md)

# Government forces and their allies, including troops from a Saudi Arabian-led coalition, capture the town of Sirwah, the last outpost of Houthi militants in the key Marib province. 

Two air strikes by the Saudi-led coalition killed at least 15 civilians and wounded 25 others in Yemen on Wednesday at a wedding hosted by a tribal leader known to support the Houthi rebels, witnesses and independent security officials said. Yemen: Airstrike attack on wedding party


### Source:

1. [Fars News](http://english.farsnews.com/newstext.aspx?nn=13940716000270)
2. [Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/saudi-led-air-strikes-kill-15-civilians-at-yemen-wedding-a6685586.html)
3. [Press TV](http://www.presstv.ir/Detail/2015/10/07/432453/Yemen-Saudi-Ansarullah-warship-Taizz-Jizan-Hadi-UN)
4. [The Australian](http://www.theaustralian.com.au/news/latest-news/yemen-forces-capture-last-rebel-outpost/story-fn3dxix6-1227561743328)

### Related:

1. [Saudi-led coalition airstrikes, targeting Houthi rebels battling pro-government fighters, killed and wounded dozens in the port city of Mocha, according to Yemeni security officials. Around 35 fighters on both sides were killed in the battle over a key military base near the city of Taiz. ](/news/2015/12/8/saudi-led-coalition-airstrikes-targeting-houthi-rebels-battling-pro-government-fighters-killed-and-wounded-dozens-in-the-port-city-of-moch.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
2. [Two senior army commanders from Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are killed, including the head of the Saudi Special forces in Yemen, Colonel Abdullah al-Sahyan, along with dozens of Saudi, Emirati, Sudanese and Yemeni coalition troops in a OTR-21 Tochka missile attack by Houthi forces on their base near the city of Taiz in southwestern Yemen. ](/news/2015/12/14/two-senior-army-commanders-from-saudi-arabia-and-the-united-arab-emirates-are-killed-including-the-head-of-the-saudi-special-forces-in-yeme.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
3. [Houthi forces regain several positions across southern Yemen after launching a fresh offensive against loyalist and coalition forces. In Lahij province, which borders Aden, Houthi forces are now positioned on a hill overlooking the strategic Al Anad Air Base, which houses Sudanese forces. The Houthis also retook the Damt District in the Dhale province after besieging it for hours, at least 16 people were killed in the clashes. ](/news/2015/11/8/houthi-forces-regain-several-positions-across-southern-yemen-after-launching-a-fresh-offensive-against-loyalist-and-coalition-forces-in-lah.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
4. [A hotel where Vice President of Yemen and Prime Minister Khaled Bahah was staying in Aden which was also being used as a de facto military base by Arab coalition forces is hit by multiple explosions killing at least 15 coalition soldiers. Although the Houthis were first suspected and accused of being behind the attack, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant has since claimed responsibility, marking the first attack on Arab coalition forces in Yemen by the extremist group. ](/news/2015/10/6/a-hotel-where-vice-president-of-yemen-and-prime-minister-khaled-bahah-was-staying-in-aden-which-was-also-being-used-as-a-de-facto-military-b.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
5. [Fighting rages between Houthi militants and Hadi loyalists backed-by Saudi-led coalition forces along Yemen's Red Sea coast for control over the strategic Bab-el-Mandeb strait. Houthi officials say that their forces have destroyed six opposing tanks and killed multiple pro-Hadi fighters. Also, the UAE announces another of its soldiers has died during fighting in Ma'rib. ](/news/2015/10/5/fighting-rages-between-houthi-militants-and-hadi-loyalists-backed-by-saudi-led-coalition-forces-along-yemen-s-red-sea-coast-for-control-over.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
6. [A Saudi-led coalition airstrike targeting Houthis in the southern Taiz Governorate mistakenly hits a Hadi-loyalist position, killing at least 20 fighters. ](/news/2015/10/17/a-saudi-led-coalition-airstrike-targeting-houthis-in-the-southern-taiz-governorate-mistakenly-hits-a-hadi-loyalist-position-killing-at-leas.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
7. [Five Saudi troops are killed following clashes with Houthi militants in the southern Najran region near the border with Yemen. ](/news/2015/09/14/five-saudi-troops-are-killed-following-clashes-with-houthi-militants-in-the-southern-najran-region-near-the-border-with-yemen.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
8. [An air-strike by the Saudi-led coalition on the southern port city of Aden kills at least 30 people. It is unclear how many of the dead are civilians or Houthi rebels. ](/news/2015/07/6/an-air-strike-by-the-saudi-led-coalition-on-the-southern-port-city-of-aden-kills-at-least-30-people-it-is-unclear-how-many-of-the-dead-are.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
9. [A Saudi-led coalition airstrike on a market in Al Hudaydah Governorate, Yemen, kills at least 20 civilians and six Houthi militants. ](/news/2017/03/10/a-saudi-led-coalition-airstrike-on-a-market-in-al-hudaydah-governorate-yemen-kills-at-least-20-civilians-and-six-houthi-militants.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen_
10. [Coalition troops take control of the strategic Yemeni port city of Mocha after driving out Houthi forces. ](/news/2017/02/7/coalition-troops-take-control-of-the-strategic-yemeni-port-city-of-mocha-after-driving-out-houthi-forces.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen_
