### [2015-10-8](/news/2015/10/8/index.md)

# Saudi Arabia and other Gulf Arab states are reportedly 'stepping up' arms supplies to at least three Syrian rebel groups in response to the recent Russian intervention in the civil war. 

Saudi Arabia is responding to Russian airstrikes on Syria by stepping up arms supplies to rebels, a Saudi government official tells the BBC.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-34479929)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2015/10/08/politics/russian-missiles-syria-landed-iran/index.html)
3. [Hindustan Times](http://www.hindustantimes.com/world/nato-prepared-to-send-troops-to-turkey-after-airspace-violations/story-mneT0ruNMmJn3dVfbMSzwM.html)
4. [Irish Times](http://www.irishtimes.com/news/world/europe/nato-to-double-force-after-russian-activity-in-syria-1.2384539)
5. [Reuters](http://www.albawaba.com/news/russian-missiles-aimed-syria-crash-iran-752700)
6. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/09/us-mideast-crisis-syria-idUSKCN0S20J920151009)
7. [The Moscow Times](http://www.themoscowtimes.com/opinion/news/article/syrian-general-says-russian-strikes-aid-ground-offensive/537926.html)

### Related:

1. [Syrian opposition politicians and rebels, attending a two-day meeting hosted by Saudi Arabia in Riyadh, agree on a framework that would guide proposed talks to end  Syria's nearly five-year conflict: a civil, democratic Syria with  a transitional government that would respect human rights and the territorial integrity of the country; and, safeguard state institutions while restructuring security forces. Ahrar ash-Sham, a Saudi-backed ultraconservative group, withdrew from the talks at the end of the meeting. ](/news/2015/12/10/syrian-opposition-politicians-and-rebels-attending-a-two-day-meeting-hosted-by-saudi-arabia-in-riyadh-agree-on-a-framework-that-would-guid.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Syrian Civil War, Syrian rebels_
2. [The Obama Administration weighs the option of using military force to protect the U.S.-backed rebels fighting the Assad regime. ](/news/2015/10/3/the-obama-administration-weighs-the-option-of-using-military-force-to-protect-the-u-s-backed-rebels-fighting-the-assad-regime.md) _Context: Foreign involvement in the Syrian Civil War, Syrian Civil War, Syrian rebels_
3. [Syrian rebels, with backing from the Turkish Armed Forces, advance on ISIL-held al-Bab, capturing the outskirts of the town. ](/news/2017/02/8/syrian-rebels-with-backing-from-the-turkish-armed-forces-advance-on-isil-held-al-bab-capturing-the-outskirts-of-the-town.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian rebels_
4. [  The Syrian opposition agrees to surrender their remaining villages in the stretch between the  Wadi Barada area and the Lebanon-Syria border, as well as the Rankous border-crossing  in the Qalamoun Mountains,   in exchange for transportation of at least 250 rebel fighters to their stronghold in the Idlib Governorate. ](/news/2017/01/31/the-syrian-opposition-agrees-to-surrender-their-remaining-villages-in-the-stretch-between-the-wadi-barada-area-and-the-lebanon-syria-bord.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian rebels_
5. [The Syrian Army recaptures all of the towns and villages in the Barada river valley near Damascus from rebel forces. ](/news/2017/01/29/the-syrian-army-recaptures-all-of-the-towns-and-villages-in-the-barada-river-valley-near-damascus-from-rebel-forces.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian rebels_
6. [Peace talks in Astana, Kazakhstan, between the Syrian opposition and the Syrian Government, meant to build on a fragile ceasefire currently in effect in the Syrian Civil War, end with no breakthrough reported. ](/news/2017/01/23/peace-talks-in-astana-kazakhstan-between-the-syrian-opposition-and-the-syrian-government-meant-to-build-on-a-fragile-ceasefire-currently.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian rebels_
7. [United States  President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Gulf Arab states, Saudi Arabia_
8. [Syrian rebels launch new offensives against government forces in the country's Latakia Governorate and Hama Governorate. Several rebel groups earlier announced they were launching a new battle against government forces in response to claimed violations of the cease-fire agreement, further putting a strain on the Syrian peace process. ](/news/2016/04/18/syrian-rebels-launch-new-offensives-against-government-forces-in-the-country-s-latakia-governorate-and-hama-governorate-several-rebel-group.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian rebels_
9. [Syrian government airstrikes, and rockets from Islamist insurgents, hit many neighborhoods in Aleppo. Fatalities are reported on both sides of the city. This continued fighting threatens the truce and peace talks being held in Geneva, Switzerland. UN envoy Staffan de Mistura says he will meet the government delegation Monday, and will sit down with the main opposition High Negotiations Committee later in the week. ](/news/2016/04/16/syrian-government-airstrikes-and-rockets-from-islamist-insurgents-hit-many-neighborhoods-in-aleppo-fatalities-are-reported-on-both-sides.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian rebels_
10. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says Syrian rebels have seized control of the al-Tanf border crossing on the Iraq-Syria border from ISIL militants. The rebel fighters who took the crossing reportedly entered Syria through Jordan. ](/news/2016/03/4/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-syrian-rebels-have-seized-control-of-the-al-tanf-border-crossing-on-the-iraqasyria-border-fro.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian rebels_
