### [2015-10-8](/news/2015/10/8/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War. Foreign involvement in the Syrian Civil War. Saudi Arabia and other Gulf Arab states are reportedly 'stepping up' arms supplies to at least three Syrian rebel groups in response to the recent Russian intervention in the civil war. 

Saudi Arabia is responding to Russian airstrikes on Syria by stepping up arms supplies to rebels, a Saudi government official tells the BBC.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-34479929)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2015/10/08/politics/russian-missiles-syria-landed-iran/index.html)
3. [Hindustan Times](http://www.hindustantimes.com/world/nato-prepared-to-send-troops-to-turkey-after-airspace-violations/story-mneT0ruNMmJn3dVfbMSzwM.html)
4. [Irish Times](http://www.irishtimes.com/news/world/europe/nato-to-double-force-after-russian-activity-in-syria-1.2384539)
5. [Reuters](http://www.albawaba.com/news/russian-missiles-aimed-syria-crash-iran-752700)
6. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/09/us-mideast-crisis-syria-idUSKCN0S20J920151009)
7. [The Moscow Times](http://www.themoscowtimes.com/opinion/news/article/syrian-general-says-russian-strikes-aid-ground-offensive/537926.html)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War. Syrian opposition politicians and rebels, attending a two-day meeting hosted by Saudi Arabia in Riyadh, agree on a framework that would guide proposed talks to end Syria's nearly five-year conflict: a civil, democratic Syria with a transitional government that would respect human rights and the territorial integrity of the country; and, safeguard state institutions while restructuring security forces. Ahrar ash-Sham, a Saudi-backed ultraconservative group, withdrew from the talks at the end of the meeting. ](/news/2015/12/10/syrian-civil-war-syrian-opposition-politicians-and-rebels-attending-a-two-day-meeting-hosted-by-saudi-arabia-in-riyadh-agree-on-a-framewo.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Syrian Civil War, Syrian rebels_
2. [Syrian Civil War. Foreign involvement in the Syrian Civil War. The Obama Administration weighs the option of using military force to protect the U.S.-backed rebels fighting the Assad regime. ](/news/2015/10/3/syrian-civil-war-foreign-involvement-in-the-syrian-civil-war-the-obama-administration-weighs-the-option-of-using-military-force-to-protect.md) _Context: Foreign involvement in the Syrian Civil War, Syrian Civil War, Syrian rebels_
3. [Syrian Civil War. Violent clashes break out between the Syrian rebels and Syrian Democratic Forces on the outskirts of al-Muhsenli Village, in the northeastern countryside of Aleppo, but no casualties are reported. ](/news/2017/07/21/syrian-civil-war-violent-clashes-break-out-between-the-syrian-rebels-and-syrian-democratic-forces-on-the-outskirts-of-al-muhsenli-village.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian rebels_
4. [Syrian Civil War. Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-civil-war-syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-o.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Syrian Civil War_
5. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian rebels_
6. [Syrian Civil War. Syrian rebels, with backing from the Turkish Armed Forces, advance on ISIL-held al-Bab, capturing the outskirts of the town. ](/news/2017/02/8/syrian-civil-war-syrian-rebels-with-backing-from-the-turkish-armed-forces-advance-on-isil-held-al-bab-capturing-the-outskirts-of-the-tow.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian rebels_
7. [Syrian Civil War. The Syrian opposition agrees to surrender their remaining villages in the stretch between the Wadi Barada area and the Lebanon-Syria border, as well as the Rankous border-crossing in the Qalamoun Mountains, in exchange for transportation of at least 250 rebel fighters to their stronghold in the Idlib Governorate. ](/news/2017/01/31/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-opposition-agrees-to-surrender-their-remaining-villages-in-the-stretch-between-the-wadi-barada-area-and-the-leb.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian rebels_
8. [Syrian Civil War. Siege of Wadi Barada. The Syrian Army recaptures all of the towns and villages in the Barada river valley near Damascus from rebel forces. ](/news/2017/01/29/syrian-civil-war-siege-of-wadi-barada-the-syrian-army-recaptures-all-of-the-towns-and-villages-in-the-barada-river-valley-near-damascus-fr.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian rebels_
9. [Syrian peace process. Peace talks in Astana, Kazakhstan, between the Syrian opposition and the Syrian Government, meant to build on a fragile ceasefire currently in effect in the Syrian Civil War, end with no breakthrough reported. ](/news/2017/01/23/syrian-peace-process-peace-talks-in-astana-kazakhstan-between-the-syrian-opposition-and-the-syrian-government-meant-to-build-on-a-fragil.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian rebels_
10. [Gulf Cooperation Council Summit. United States President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/gulf-cooperation-council-summit-united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-unit.md) _Context: Gulf Arab states, Saudi Arabia_
