### [2011-09-22](/news/2011/09/22/index.md)

# Pope Benedict XVI commences a state visit to Germany. 

Pope Benedict XVI faces a clamour for change as he heads to Germany for his first state visit, with calls for reform on many fronts &ndash; from recognising gays to ordaining women to the priesthood.


### Source:

1. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/religion/8779609/Pope-visit-German-speaking-Catholics-want-reform-from-Rome.html)

### Related:

1. [Roman Catholic child sexual abuse investigation: The Dutch Catholic Church apologises and the country's religious leaders request an independent inquiry. A monastery head in Salzburg admits abuse of a boy more than four decades ago. The brother of Pope Benedict XVI admits physically disciplining students at a school in Germany before corporal punishment was banned in 1980. ](/news/2010/03/9/roman-catholic-child-sexual-abuse-investigation-the-dutch-catholic-church-apologises-and-the-country-s-religious-leaders-request-an-indepen.md) _Context: Germany, Pope Benedict XVI_
2. [Pope Benedict XVI is "distraught" by news alleged of child sexual abuse in Catholic dioceses in Germany, according to Archbishop Robert Zollitsch, as the church also faces paedophilia scandals in Ireland, Austria, and the Netherlands, while Pope Benedict defends clerical celibacy, calling it a symbol of "full devotion" and of "giving oneself to God and to others." ](/news/2010/03/12/pope-benedict-xvi-is-distraught-by-news-alleged-of-child-sexual-abuse-in-catholic-dioceses-in-germany-according-to-archbishop-robert-zoll.md) _Context: Germany, Pope Benedict XVI_
3. [ More than 800,000 people joined Pope Benedict XVI for the concluding Mass of World Youth Day 2005 in Cologne, Germany. ](/news/2005/08/21/more-than-800-000-people-joined-pope-benedict-xvi-for-the-concluding-mass-of-world-youth-day-2005-in-cologne-germany.md) _Context: Germany, Pope Benedict XVI_
4. [ Pope Benedict XVI made his first foreign trip to his homeland Germany, attending the World Youth Day 2005. He was welcomed with cheers and made several speeches to leaders of Germany and to pilgrims at the Rhine banks at a ship as well as in front of the Cologne cathedrale. - [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/in_pictures/4163022.stm BBC Pictures]; [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/4161706.stm BBC News]; [http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/8974211/ MSNBC].](/news/2005/08/18/pope-benedict-xvi-made-his-first-foreign-trip-to-his-homeland-germany-attending-the-world-youth-day-2005-he-was-welcomed-with-cheers-and.md) _Context: Germany, Pope Benedict XVI_
5. [ Papal conclave, 2005:  Ringing bells and white smoke at the Vatican indicate that, after four ballots, a new Pope, German Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger, has been elected. He has taken the regnal name Pope Benedict XVI. ](/news/2005/04/19/papal-conclave-2005-ringing-bells-and-white-smoke-at-the-vatican-indicate-that-after-four-ballots-a-new-pope-german-cardinal-joseph-r.md) _Context: Germany, Pope Benedict XVI_
6. [A shooting occurs at a local train station in the Unterfohring suburb of Munich, Germany. The assailant shot a police officer in the head; she is in critical condition. Backup police engaged in a shootout where the suspect and two bystanders were injured. Police do not believe this is a terrorist attack. ](/news/2017/06/13/a-shooting-occurs-at-a-local-train-station-in-the-unterfaphring-suburb-of-munich-germany-the-assailant-shot-a-police-officer-in-the-head.md) _Context: Germany_
7. [Around 50,000 people are evacuated from the German city of Hanover while bomb disposal experts defuse three bombs dropped by the Royal Air Force during World War II. ](/news/2017/05/7/around-50-000-people-are-evacuated-from-the-german-city-of-hanover-while-bomb-disposal-experts-defuse-three-bombs-dropped-by-the-royal-air-f.md) _Context: Germany_
8. [A suicide bombing occurs in Kabul near the German embassy with at least 90 killed and 461 injured. ](/news/2017/05/31/a-suicide-bombing-occurs-in-kabul-near-the-german-embassy-with-at-least-90-killed-and-461-injured.md) _Context: Germany_
9. [Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau asks Pope Francis for a public apology for the Roman Catholic Church's role in the   abuse of indigenous children in the  residential school system. In 2009, Pope Benedict XVI issued an expression of sorrow after an audience with Assembly of First Nations Chief Phil Fontaine. ](/news/2017/05/29/canadian-prime-minister-justin-trudeau-asks-pope-francis-for-a-public-apology-for-the-roman-catholic-church-s-role-in-the-abuse-of-indigen.md) _Context: Pope Benedict XVI_
10. [Germany arrests and charges a suspected perpetrator, 28-year-old Sergej W. The federal prosecutor says the suspect held put options on Borussia Dortmund shares. ](/news/2017/04/21/germany-arrests-and-charges-a-suspected-perpetrator-28-year-old-sergej-w-the-federal-prosecutor-says-the-suspect-held-put-options-on-borus.md) _Context: Germany_
