### [2016-06-13](/news/2016/06/13/index.md)

# 2016 Orlando nightclub shooting. City officials in Orlando, Florida, continue to identify the bodies of the victims in yesterday's attack. So far, 33 of the reported 49 victims have been identified and their families notified. 

During this difficult time, we offer heartfelt condolences to the families of the 49 victims who lost their lives during the Pulse tragedy. To the families and friends of the victims, your city is wit


### Source:

1. [City of Orlando](http://www.cityoforlando.net/blog/victims/)

### Related:

1. [2016 Orlando nightclub shooting. In what is the deadliest mass shooting and the worst terror attack since 9/11 to occur in the United States, a mass shooting at a gay nightclub in the U.S. city of Orlando, Florida, kills at least 50 people, including the shooter, and injures 53. ](/news/2016/06/12/2016-orlando-nightclub-shooting-in-what-is-the-deadliest-mass-shooting-and-the-worst-terror-attack-since-9-11-to-occur-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: 2016 Orlando mass shooting, Orlando, Florida_
2. [Noor Salman, the wife of Omar Mateen who committed the 2016 Orlando mass shooting is arrested and charged with obstructing the investigation of the case. ](/news/2017/01/16/noor-salman-the-wife-of-omar-mateen-who-committed-the-2016-orlando-mass-shooting-is-arrested-and-charged-with-obstructing-the-investigation.md) _Context: 2016 Orlando mass shooting_
3. [Senator Murphy gun control filibuster. 2016 Orlando nightclub shooting. Connecticut Senator Chris Murphy ends a nearly 15-hour filibuster after Republican Party leaders reportedly agree to allow votes on two proposed gun control measures. ](/news/2016/06/16/senator-murphy-gun-control-filibuster-2016-orlando-nightclub-shooting-connecticut-senator-chris-murphy-ends-a-nearly-15-hour-filibuster-af.md) _Context: 2016 Orlando mass shooting_
4. [Senator Murphy gun control filibuster. United States Senator Chris Murphy (D-Conn) launches a filibuster on the Senate floor in an effort to pass gun control legislation in the wake of the 2016 Orlando nightclub shooting. ](/news/2016/06/15/senator-murphy-gun-control-filibuster-united-states-senator-chris-murphy-d-conn-launches-a-filibuster-on-the-senate-floor-in-an-effort-to.md) _Context: 2016 Orlando mass shooting_
5. [2016 Orlando nightclub shooting. Six of the wounded are critically ill, five remain in "guarded" condition, and 16 more are still hospitalized. Forty-four people were brought to the Orlando Regional Medical Center after the shooting. ](/news/2016/06/14/2016-orlando-nightclub-shooting-six-of-the-wounded-are-critically-ill-five-remain-in-guarded-condition-and-16-more-are-still-hospitaliz.md) _Context: 2016 Orlando mass shooting_
6. [American singer Christina Grimmie, best known for her appearances on "The Voice", dies after having been shot at a concert venue in the city of Orlando, Florida. ](/news/2016/06/11/american-singer-christina-grimmie-best-known-for-her-appearances-on-the-voice-dies-after-having-been-shot-at-a-concert-venue-in-the-city.md) _Context: Orlando, Florida_
7. [Christina Grimmie, a YouTube star and former contestant on "The Voice", is shot dead by an "infatuated" fan as she signed autographs following a concert appearance with Before You Exit at The Plaza Live in Orlando, Florida. The shooter, 27-year-old Kevin James Loibl, shot himself dead after being tackled by Grimmie's Brother. Grimmie died in a hospital just before 11 p.m. ](/news/2016/06/10/christina-grimmie-a-youtube-star-and-former-contestant-on-the-voice-is-shot-dead-by-an-infatuated-fan-as-she-signed-autographs-followi.md) _Context: Orlando, Florida_
8. [Two people are killed and ten others are injured in a shooting outside an Orlando, Florida nightclub. ](/news/2016/02/7/two-people-are-killed-and-ten-others-are-injured-in-a-shooting-outside-an-orlando-florida-nightclub.md) _Context: Orlando, Florida_
9. [The United States Air Force unveils the Northrop Grumman B-21 long-range strategic bomber at the Air Force Association-s annual Air Warfare Symposium in Orlando, Florida. The B-21 is designed to replace the aging fleet of B-1 Lancer and B-52 bombers. ](/news/2016/02/26/the-united-states-air-force-unveils-the-northrop-grumman-b-21-long-range-strategic-bomber-at-the-air-force-association-s-annual-air-warfar.md) _Context: Orlando, Florida_
10. [Abdul-Baki Todashev, the father of Ibragim Todashev (the man who had confessed to the FBI the day before in Orlando, Florida, to working with Tamerlan Tsarnaev, the deceased older brother in the April 2013 Boston Marathon bombings, in a previously unsolved 2011 triple homicide, and subsequently while being questioned attacked an agent with a knife and was killed) claims that his son is innocent and that federal investigators are biased against Chechens and made up their case against him. ](/news/2013/05/23/abdul-baki-todashev-the-father-of-ibragim-todashev-the-man-who-had-confessed-to-the-fbi-the-day-before-in-orlando-florida-to-working-wit.md) _Context: Orlando, Florida_
