### [2016-06-13](/news/2016/06/13/index.md)

# A 22-year-old Dutch woman held in Qatar for nearly three months after telling police she had been raped is released following the court ruling of a one-year suspended prison sentence. The Associated Press reports it isn't clear "[...] what sentence was given to the man she accused of rape."  

DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — A Dutch woman held in Qatar for nearly three months after telling police she had been raped there was released on Monday after receiving a one-year suspended prison sentence, a Dutch…


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/c9578c3beed745988b95fb277cf2c750/diplomat-qatar-frees-dutch-woman-held-after-rape-report)

### Related:

1. [A judge in Alkmaar, the Netherlands, grants a 12-year-old boy the right to decide for himself on whether or not to continue chemotherapy. The ruling was based on a psychiatric evaluation of the patient as being "capable of a reasonable evaluation of his interests and realizes the consequences -- including the negative ones -- of his decision." ](/news/2017/05/12/a-judge-in-alkmaar-the-netherlands-grants-a-12-year-old-boy-the-right-to-decide-for-himself-on-whether-or-not-to-continue-chemotherapy-th.md) _Context: Netherlands_
2. [The Extraordinary African Chambers tribunal in Dakar, Senegal, upholds its conviction of former Chadian president Hissene Habre for crimes against humanity, but acquits him of rape. ](/news/2017/04/27/the-extraordinary-african-chambers-tribunal-in-dakar-senegal-upholds-its-conviction-of-former-chadian-president-hissa-ne-habra-c-for-crimes.md) _Context: rape_
3. [A Filipino lawyer files a complaint of "mass murder and crimes against humanity" against Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte and eleven other officials at the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2017/04/24/a-filipino-lawyer-files-a-complaint-of-mass-murder-and-crimes-against-humanity-against-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-and-eleven-ot.md) _Context: Netherlands_
4. [Dutch businessman Guus Kouwenhoven is found guilty of war crimes and arms trafficking for using his lumber business to sell weapons to Liberia's former president Charles Taylor during the country's civil war between 2000 and 2003 and is sentenced to 19 years in prison. ](/news/2017/04/22/dutch-businessman-guus-kouwenhoven-is-found-guilty-of-war-crimes-and-arms-trafficking-for-using-his-lumber-business-to-sell-weapons-to-liber.md) _Context: Netherlands_
5. [Voters in the Netherlands go to the polls for a general election. Exit polls suggest that incumbent Prime Minister Mark Rutte's People's Party for Freedom and Democracy will win the most seats in the election. ](/news/2017/03/15/voters-in-the-netherlands-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-exit-polls-suggest-that-incumbent-prime-minister-mark-rutte-s-people-s-par.md) _Context: Netherlands_
6. [Turkey bans the Dutch ambassador, Cornelis Van Rij, from returning to the Embassy of the Netherlands in Ankara, and closes its airspace to Dutch diplomats in response to a Dutch ban on Turkish ministers speaking at pro-Erdogan rallies. ](/news/2017/03/13/turkey-bans-the-dutch-ambassador-cornelis-van-rij-from-returning-to-the-embassy-of-the-netherlands-in-ankara-and-closes-its-airspace-to-d.md) _Context: Netherlands_
7. [The Trump White House bars ''The New York Times'', CNN, the ''Los Angeles Times'', the ''New York Daily News'', ''The Hill'',  the ''Daily Mail'',  BBC,  Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as  Breitbart News, One America News Network, and ''The Washington Times''. Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News,  ''The Wall Street Journal'', Bloomberg News, and Fox News. ''Time'' magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to  in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-m.md) _Context: Associated Press_
8. [The Guatemalan army blockades a ship from the Dutch NGO Women on Waves that provides material for abortions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-guatemalan-army-blockades-a-ship-from-the-dutch-ngo-women-on-waves-that-provides-material-for-abortions.md) _Context: Netherlands_
9. [Ard van der Steur the Minister of Security and Justice of the Netherlands resigns after allegedly misinforming the House of Representatives over the fallout of a payments scandal. ](/news/2017/01/26/ard-van-der-steur-the-minister-of-security-and-justice-of-the-netherlands-resigns-after-allegedly-misinforming-the-house-of-representatives.md) _Context: Netherlands_
10. [Belgium supports a plan by Dutch minister Lilianne Ploumen to launch a fund compensating worldwide for the United States' newly-reinstated Mexico City policy. ](/news/2017/01/25/belgium-supports-a-plan-by-dutch-minister-lilianne-ploumen-to-launch-a-fund-compensating-worldwide-for-the-united-states-newly-reinstated-m.md) _Context: Netherlands_
