### [2016-06-13](/news/2016/06/13/index.md)

# A senior French police commander is killed by a knife-wielding 25-year-old man outside his home in Magnanville near Paris, France. The attacker, who retreated inside the house, is also killed when elite police commandos storm the residence after negotiations failed. The commander's partner, a female administrative police official, is found dead inside the home, while a young boy is rescued physically unharmed. The Islamic State, via its Amaq News Agency, claims responsibility for the attack. 

 French police have surrounded a residence in Magnanville, just outside of Paris 


### Source:

1. [BNO News](http://bnonews.com/news/index.php/news/id4573)
2. [Huffington Post](http://www.huffingtonpost.ca/2016/06/13/magnanville-france-attack_n_10447526.html)
3. [Le Parisien](http://www.leparisien.fr/yvelines-78/yvelines-un-policier-poignarde-a-mort-a-magnanville-13-06-2016-5880893.php)
4. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/france-crime-idINKCN0Z0099)
4. [Cover Image](https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/615514275864444928/VI9Hcg1j_400x400.png)

### Related:

1. [French police shoot dead a knife-wielding man, who was shouting "Allahu Akbar", outside a police station in Goutte d'Or, located in the 18th arrondissement of Paris. A piece of paper with an Islamic State flag and claim for the attack written in Arabic was found on his body. The incident is noted for taking place on the anniversary of last year's "Charlie Hebdo" shooting. ](/news/2016/01/7/french-police-shoot-dead-a-knife-wielding-man-who-was-shouting-allahu-akbar-outside-a-police-station-in-goutte-d-or-located-in-the-18th.md) _Context: French police, Islamic State, Paris_
2. [At least one person is killed after a group of armed men took people hostage in the northern French town of Roubaix near the Belgian border. The hostages are thought to be a bank director and his family. French police say the incident may be related to a robbery and not to the November 2015 attacks in Paris. ](/news/2015/11/24/at-least-one-person-is-killed-after-a-group-of-armed-men-took-people-hostage-in-the-northern-french-town-of-roubaix-near-the-belgian-border.md) _Context: France, French police, Paris_
3. [Russian warships launch cruise missiles from the Caspian Sea against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant positions in Syria's eastern Deir ez-Zor. Russian Defense Minister, Sergey Shoigu, reported over 600 terrorists were killed in the strikes. Video footage also emerged of Russian ground crew servicemen writing the words "For Paris" on bombs to be dropped on ISIL targets in a show of solidarity with France in the wake of the November 13 terror attacks that left 130 people dead in Paris. ](/news/2015/11/20/russian-warships-launch-cruise-missiles-from-the-caspian-sea-against-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-positions-in-syria-s-eastern-deir.md) _Context: France, Islamic State, Paris_
4. [A knife-wielding man at Saint Charles train station in Marseille, France, kills two women. Police kill the suspect and are treating the attack as a terrorist incident. ISIL claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/10/1/a-knife-wielding-man-at-saint-charles-train-station-in-marseille-france-kills-two-women-police-kill-the-suspect-and-are-treating-the-atta.md) _Context: France, Islamic State_
5. [A car carrying firearms and gas bottles deliberately rammed a police vehicle on the Champs-Elysees in Paris, France, subsequently bursting into flames. The driver, who was on a security watchlist, was shot dead. ](/news/2017/06/19/a-car-carrying-firearms-and-gas-bottles-deliberately-rammed-a-police-vehicle-on-the-champs-alysa-c-es-in-paris-france-subsequently-bursting.md) _Context: France, Paris_

### Changes:

1. [A senior French police commander is killed by a knife-wielding 25-year-old man outside his home in Magnanville near Paris, France. The attacker, who retreated inside the house, is also killed when elite police commandos storm the residence after negotiations failed. The commander's partner, a female administrative police official, is found dead inside the home, while a young boy is rescued physically unharmed. The Islamic State, via its Amaq News Agency, claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/06/13/a-senior-french-police-commander-is-killed-by-a-knife-wielding-25-year-old-man-outside-his-home-in-magnanville-near-paris-france-the-att.md) _2017-08-25 03:45:52 (First version)_
2. [June 2016 Magnanville stabbing: A senior French police commander is killed by a knife-wielding 25-year-old man outside his home in Magnanville near Paris, France. The attacker, who retreated inside the house, is also killed when elite police commandos storm the residence after negotiations failed. The commander's partner, a female administrative police official, is found dead inside the home, while a young boy is rescued physically unharmed. The Islamic State, via its Amaq News Agency, claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/06/13/june-2016-magnanville-stabbing-a-senior-french-police-commander-is-killed-by-a-knife-wielding-25-year-old-man-outside-his-home-in-magnanvil.md) _2017-08-27 03:46:15 (Update)_
2. [A senior French police commander is killed by a knife-wielding 25-year-old man outside his home in Magnanville near Paris, France. The attacker, who retreated inside the house, is also killed when elite police commandos storm the residence after negotiations failed. The commander's partner, a female administrative police official, is found dead inside the home, while a young boy is rescued physically unharmed. The Islamic State, via its Amaq News Agency, claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/06/13/a-senior-french-police-commander-is-killed-by-a-knife-wielding-25-year-old-man-outside-his-home-in-magnanville-near-paris-france-the-attac.md) _(Current version)_
