### [2016-06-13](/news/2016/06/13/index.md)

# June 2016 Magnanville stabbing. A senior French police commander is killed by a knife-wielding 25-year-old man outside his home in Magnanville near Paris, France. The attacker, who retreated inside the house, is also killed when elite police commandos storm the residence after negotiations failed. The commander's partner, a female administrative police official, is found dead inside the home, while a young boy is rescued physically unharmed. The Islamic State, via its Amaq News Agency, claims responsibility for the attack. 

 French police have surrounded a residence in Magnanville, just outside of Paris 


### Source:

1. [BNO News](http://bnonews.com/news/index.php/news/id4573)
2. [Huffington Post](http://www.huffingtonpost.ca/2016/06/13/magnanville-france-attack_n_10447526.html)
3. [Le Parisien](http://www.leparisien.fr/yvelines-78/yvelines-un-policier-poignarde-a-mort-a-magnanville-13-06-2016-5880893.php)
4. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/france-crime-idINKCN0Z0099)

### Related:

1. [January 2016 Paris police station attack. French police shoot dead a knife-wielding man, who was shouting "Allahu Akbar", outside a police station in Goutte d'Or, located in the 18th arrondissement of Paris. A piece of paper with an Islamic State flag and claim for the attack written in Arabic was found on his body. The incident is noted for taking place on the anniversary of last year's "Charlie Hebdo" shooting. ](/news/2016/01/7/january-2016-paris-police-station-attack-french-police-shoot-dead-a-knife-wielding-man-who-was-shouting-allahu-akbar-outside-a-police-s.md) _Context: French police, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Paris_
2. [2015 Roubaix shootings. At least one person is killed after a group of armed men took people hostage in the northern French town of Roubaix near the Belgian border. The hostages are thought to be a bank director and his family. French police say the incident may be related to a robbery and not to the November 2015 attacks in Paris. ](/news/2015/11/24/2015-roubaix-shootings-at-least-one-person-is-killed-after-a-group-of-armed-men-took-people-hostage-in-the-northern-french-town-of-roubaix.md) _Context: France, French police, Paris_
3. [Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War. Russian warships launch cruise missiles from the Caspian Sea against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant positions in Syria's eastern Deir ez-Zor. Russian Defense Minister, Sergey Shoigu, reported over 600 terrorists were killed in the strikes. Video footage also emerged of Russian ground crew servicemen writing the words "For Paris" on bombs to be dropped on ISIL targets in a show of solidarity with France in the wake of the November 13 terror attacks that left 130 people dead in Paris. ](/news/2015/11/20/russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-russian-warships-launch-cruise-missiles-from-the-caspian-sea-against-islamic-state-of.md) _Context: France, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Paris_
4. [June 2017 Champs-Elysees car ramming attack. A car carrying firearms and gas bottles deliberately rammed a police vehicle on the Champs-Elysees in Paris, France, subsequently bursting into flames. The driver, who was on a security watchlist, was shot dead. ](/news/2017/06/19/june-2017-champs-alysa-c-es-car-ramming-attack-a-car-carrying-firearms-and-gas-bottles-deliberately-rammed-a-police-vehicle-on-the-champs-a.md) _Context: France, Paris_
5. [French police arrest three men and a 16-year-old girl found with bomb-making materials in a Montpellier flat. The female suspect had been spotted online saying she wanted to either leave for the Syria-Iraq conflict or mount an attack in France, and recorded a video in which she pledged allegiance to ISIL. ](/news/2017/02/10/french-police-arrest-three-men-and-a-16-year-old-girl-found-with-bomb-making-materials-in-a-montpellier-flat-the-female-suspect-had-been-sp.md) _Context: France, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian peace process. A summit begins in Paris, France, to restart peace negotiations between Israel and Palestine in an effort to discuss a possible two-state solution to the conflict. However, neither Israel nor Palestine sent representatives to the summit, casting doubts on a breakthrough. ](/news/2017/01/15/israeli-palestinian-peace-process-a-summit-begins-in-paris-france-to-restart-peace-negotiations-between-israel-and-palestine-in-an-effo.md) _Context: France, Paris_
7. [Military intervention against ISIL. France conducts airstrikes against ISIL positions in Iraq from the French aircraft carrier "Charles de Gaulle". ](/news/2016/09/30/military-intervention-against-isil-france-conducts-airstrikes-against-isil-positions-in-iraq-from-the-french-aircraft-carrier-charles-de-g.md) _Context: France, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [2016 Normandy church attack. Two men armed with knives take a priest, two nuns and two parishioners hostage in a church near Rouen in the French region of Normandy. French police kill the hostage-takers after the 86-year-old priest, Jacques Hamel, was killed by slitting his throat. ](/news/2016/07/26/2016-normandy-church-attack-two-men-armed-with-knives-take-a-priest-two-nuns-and-two-parishioners-hostage-in-a-church-near-rouen-in-the-fr.md) _Context: France, French police_
9. [Paris, France, implements a pollution-reduction program that bans residents from driving cars built before 1997, and motorcycles built before 2000, on weekdays inside the city limits between 8 a.m. and 8 p.m. ](/news/2016/07/1/paris-france-implements-a-pollution-reduction-program-that-bans-residents-from-driving-cars-built-before-1997-and-motorcycles-built-befor.md) _Context: France, Paris_
10. [November 2015 Paris attacks. The father of Cal State Long Beach student Nohemi Gonzalez, the only American killed in the November 13, 2015, Paris massacre, files suit in San Francisco, California, federal court against Twitter, Facebook, and Google, alleging the companies provided "material support" to the Islamic State and other extremist groups. While generally free of liability under U.S. law which provides a legal "safe harbor" for content posted, this case targets the behavior social media companies enable. The suit is very similar to a case brought against Twitter in January by the widow of a contractor killed in the November 9, 2015, attack in Jordan. ](/news/2016/06/15/november-2015-paris-attacks-the-father-of-cal-state-long-beach-student-nohemi-gonzalez-the-only-american-killed-in-the-november-13-2015.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Paris_
