### [2016-06-13](/news/2016/06/13/index.md)

# The Secretary General of NATO Jens Stoltenberg says that the military alliance plans on sending four multinational battalions to Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Poland in order to boost their defense. However, Stoltenberg said that the battalions will only be deployed on a rotational basis instead of being based permanently. 




### Source:

1. [Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty](http://www.rferl.org/content/nato-baltics-poland-russia-ukraine-battalions/27795258.html)

### Related:

1. [ The Schengen Agreement is expanded to include the seaports and land borders of the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia, and Slovenia. ](/news/2007/12/21/the-schengen-agreement-is-expanded-to-include-the-seaports-and-land-borders-of-the-czech-republic-estonia-hungary-latvia-lithuania-mal.md) _Context: Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland_
2. [The European Union invited Poland, Hungary, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Slovenia, Latvia, Estonia, Lithuania, Cyprus and Malta to join.  Expansion is scheduled for May 2004.](/news/2002/12/13/the-european-union-invited-poland-hungary-the-czech-republic-slovakia-slovenia-latvia-estonia-lithuania-cyprus-and-malta-to-join-e.md) _Context: Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland_
3. [ The European Commission of the European Union has announced that ten countries - Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia, and Slovenia - have met its criteria for entry, opening the way for an expansion of the EU from 15 member states to 25.  The European Parliament has still to consider each candidate individually and the final decision will require the approval of the current member states.](/news/2002/10/9/the-european-commission-of-the-european-union-has-announced-that-ten-countries-a-cyprus-the-czech-republic-estonia-hungary-latvia-li.md) _Context: Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania_
4. [Russia deploys its S-400 missile system in Kaliningrad, an exclave between Poland and Lithuania, in response to "NATO expansion" near its borders. The United States criticizes the move as "destabilizing" to Europe. Russia announced the planned deployment over a decade ago. ](/news/2016/11/21/russia-deploys-its-s-400-missile-system-in-kaliningrad-an-exclave-between-poland-and-lithuania-in-response-to-nato-expansion-near-its-bo.md) _Context: Lithuania, Poland_
5. [Russian President Vladimir Putin deploys the nuclear-capable Iskander mobile short-range ballistic missile system to the Russian Kaliningrad exclave between Poland and Lithuania. ](/news/2016/10/8/russian-president-vladimir-putin-deploys-the-nuclear-capable-iskander-mobile-short-range-ballistic-missile-system-to-the-russian-kaliningrad.md) _Context: Lithuania, Poland_
6. [According to the Secretary General of NATO Jens Stoltenberg, defense spending by European member states will grow for the first time in a decade. Stoltenberg went on to say that "we are faced with uncertainty. We are faced with more threats, more security challenges, than in a generation". ](/news/2016/06/1/according-to-the-secretary-general-of-nato-jens-stoltenberg-defense-spending-by-european-member-states-will-grow-for-the-first-time-in-a-de.md) _Context: Jens Stoltenberg, Secretary General of NATO_
7. [NATO reopens informal talks with Russia for the first time in nearly two years. According to the Secretary General of NATO Jens Stoltenberg "NATO and Russia have profound and persistent disagreements, today's meeting did not change that." ](/news/2016/04/20/nato-reopens-informal-talks-with-russia-for-the-first-time-in-nearly-two-years-according-to-the-secretary-general-of-nato-jens-stoltenberg.md) _Context: Jens Stoltenberg, Secretary General of NATO_
8. [NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg says Russia's pair of violations of Turkish airspace over the weekend do not look like accidents. Russia, which said it's looking into claims of a second violation, reported the first violation lasted a few seconds and was due to poor weather. ](/news/2015/10/6/nato-secretary-general-jens-stoltenberg-says-russia-s-pair-of-violations-of-turkish-airspace-over-the-weekend-do-not-look-like-accidents-ru.md) _Context: Jens Stoltenberg, Secretary General of NATO_
9. [Former Prime Minister of Norway Jens Stoltenberg is appointed to succeed Denmark's Anders Fogh Rasmussen as the next Secretary General of NATO. ](/news/2014/03/28/former-prime-minister-of-norway-jens-stoltenberg-is-appointed-to-succeed-denmark-s-anders-fogh-rasmussen-as-the-next-secretary-general-of-na.md) _Context: Jens Stoltenberg, Secretary General of NATO_
10. [The Latvian Defense Ministry said four NATO fighter jets from the Lithuanian Air Force Base near Siauliai were deployed when two Russian bombers flying in the neutral airspace almost entered Latvian air space. ](/news/2010/10/18/the-latvian-defense-ministry-said-four-nato-fighter-jets-from-the-lithuanian-air-force-base-near-a-iauliai-were-deployed-when-two-russian-bo.md) _Context: Latvia, Lithuania_
