### [2017-03-7](/news/2017/03/7/index.md)

# A CSX Transportation freight train collides with a charter bus in Biloxi, Mississippi, killing at least four people and leaving dozens injured. 




### Source:

1. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/us/2017/03/07/at-least-3-dead-after-train-hits-charter-bus-in-mississippi.html)
1. [Cover Image](http://a57.foxnews.com/media2.foxnews.com/BrightCove/694940094001/2017/03/07/0/0/694940094001_5351208336001_5351204122001-vs.jpg?ve=1)

### Related:

1. [Hurricane Nate makes landfall near the mouth of Mississippi River and near Biloxi, Mississippi, as a Category 1 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 85 mph. ](/news/2017/10/7/hurricane-nate-makes-landfall-near-the-mouth-of-mississippi-river-and-near-biloxi-mississippi-as-a-category-1-hurricane-with-maximum-susta.md) _Context: Biloxi, Mississippi_
2. [In the United States, 14 of 175 cars of a CSX freight train derail in northeastern Washington, D.C., near a city subway station. There were three leaks; one, sodium hydroxide, is a hazardous material. All leaks, and a nearby gas line that was ruptured, are contained. Officials are unable to say when cleanup will be completed nor when train service will be restored. There were no injuries reported, and there was no residential evacuation. Amtrak and a Baltimore-Washington commuter rail service also use the line. ](/news/2016/05/1/in-the-united-states-14-of-175-cars-of-a-csx-freight-train-derail-in-northeastern-washington-d-c-near-a-city-subway-station-there-were.md) _Context: CSX Transportation_
3. [United States Federal agents are combing three states for 32 cases of commercial grade explosives, about 500 pounds of 21/2 to 5 inch aerial shells, stolen from a CSX train traveling from Chicago, Illinois, through Ohio that arrived in Detroit, Michigan, on Wednesday. ](/news/2016/04/23/united-states-federal-agents-are-combing-three-states-for-32-cases-of-commercial-grade-explosives-about-500-pounds-of-2a1-2-to-5-inch-aerial.md) _Context: CSX Transportation_
4. [A CSX train crashes in Mount Carbon, West Virginia resulting in large fires. ](/news/2015/02/16/a-csx-train-crashes-in-mount-carbon-west-virginia-resulting-in-large-fires.md) _Context: CSX Transportation_
5. [ The Federal government declares a public health emergency for the Gulf Coast of the United States and launches one of the largest search and rescue missions in history. [http:--www.cbsnews.com-sections-i_video-main500251.shtml?channel=eveningnews&clip=-media-2005-08-30-video806624&sec=500371&vidId=500371&title=Evening$@$News$@$Online&hitboxMLC=evening_news_online (CBS Video)] [http:--apnews.myway.com-article-20050831-D8CAV2SO0.html (AP via MyWay (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))] New Orleans mayor Ray Nagin states that "hundreds...most likely, thousands" may be dead in his city. The death toll in Biloxi stands at 110. [http:--apnews.myway.com-article-20050831-D8CAVI303.html (AP via MyWay (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))] At least 25,000 evacuees, particularly those currently in shelters in Greater New Orleans including the Louisiana Superdome, will be moved to the Reliant Astrodome in Houston, Texas. [http:--news.yahoo.com-s-ap-20050831-ap_on_re_us-katrina_astrodome (Yahoo! News (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))] The United States will release oil from its Strategic Petroleum Reserve to help refineries whose oil supplies have been badly hit by Hurricane Katrina. [http:--news.yahoo.com-news?tmpl=story&u=-afp-20050831-pl_afp-usweatheroil_050831130701 (Yahoo! News (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))] Some refineries along the gulf coast are offline and so fuel production is likely to be limited nonetheless](/news/2005/08/31/the-federal-government-declares-a-public-health-emergency-for-the-gulf-coast-of-the-united-states-and-launches-one-of-the-largest-search-an.md) _Context: Biloxi, Mississippi_
