### [2017-03-7](/news/2017/03/7/index.md)

# Malaysia-North Korea relations: North Korea temporarily bans all Malaysian nationals (estimated to be at least 11 people including embassy employees) from leaving the country amid a growing dispute between the two countries over the death of Kim Jong-nam, the half-brother of Kim Jong-un. Malaysian official Khairy Jamaluddin calls the move "tantamount to taking hostages". 

North Korea is banning Malaysians from leaving the country.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-39189381)
2. [Channel News Asia](http://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/asiapacific/pyongyang-bans-malaysians-from-leaving-north-korea-kcna/3574402.html)

### Related:

1. [Malaysia-North Korea relations: Malaysia expels Kang Chol, North Korea's ambassador, after he criticised the former's investigation into the death of Kim Jong-nam. ](/news/2017/03/4/malaysia-north-korea-relations-malaysia-expels-kang-chol-north-korea-s-ambassador-after-he-criticised-the-former-s-investigation-into-t.md) _Context: Kim Jong-nam, Malaysia, Malaysia-North Korea relations, North Korea_
2. [Malaysia-North Korea relations: Death of Kim Jong-nam: Malaysia recalls its ambassador from North Korea amid an ongoing dispute over the alleged assassination of Kim Jong-nam by North Korean agents in the country. ](/news/2017/02/20/malaysia-north-korea-relations-death-of-kim-jong-nam-malaysia-recalls-its-ambassador-from-north-korea-amid-an-ongoing-dispute-over-the-a.md) _Context: Kim Jong-nam, Malaysia, Malaysia-North Korea relations, North Korea_
3. [Kim Jong-nam's assassination: Two women, Indonesian Siti Aisyah and Vietnamese Doan Thi Huong, are charged with murder in relation to the death of Kim Jong-nam, the estranged half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, at Kuala Lumpur International Airport. The women, who reportedly thought they were involved in a prank TV show, did not enter pleas. ](/news/2017/03/1/kim-jong-nam-s-assassination-two-women-indonesian-siti-aisyah-and-vietnamese-aoa-n-tha-haedegae-ng-are-charged-with-murder-in-relation-to.md) _Context: Kim Jong-nam, Kim Jong-un, North Korea_
4. [Death of Kim Jong-nam: Malaysian police claim that Kim Jong-nam, half brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, was killed by VX nerve agent, a toxin used almost exclusively for chemical warfare. ](/news/2017/02/24/death-of-kim-jong-nam-malaysian-police-claim-that-kim-jong-nam-half-brother-of-north-korean-leader-kim-jong-un-was-killed-by-vx-nerve-age.md) _Context: Kim Jong-nam, Kim Jong-un, North Korea_
5. [Kim Jong-nam, half-brother of new North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, predicts the regime will fall if reforms are not made soon. ](/news/2012/01/17/kim-jong-nam-half-brother-of-new-north-korean-leader-kim-jong-un-predicts-the-regime-will-fall-if-reforms-are-not-made-soon.md) _Context: Kim Jong-nam, Kim Jong-un, North Korea_
6. [Kim Jong-il's eldest son, Kim Jong-nam, announces his opposition to the hereditary succession plan in North Korea which would see power transferred to his younger brother Kim Jong-un. ](/news/2010/10/12/kim-jong-il-s-eldest-son-kim-jong-nam-announces-his-opposition-to-the-hereditary-succession-plan-in-north-korea-which-would-see-power-tran.md) _Context: Kim Jong-nam, Kim Jong-un, North Korea_
7. [Kim Jong-nam, eldest son of Kim Jong-il, is assassinated in Malaysia after two unidentified women reportedly poisoned him at Kuala Lumpur International Airport. ](/news/2017/02/13/kim-jong-nam-eldest-son-of-kim-jong-il-is-assassinated-in-malaysia-after-two-unidentified-women-reportedly-poisoned-him-at-kuala-lumpur-in.md) _Context: Kim Jong-nam, Malaysia_
8. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: Kim Jong Un, the leader of North Korea, claims that the country is close to developing an intercontinental ballistic missile. ](/news/2017/01/1/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-kim-jong-un-the-leader-of-north-korea-claims-that-the-country-is-close-to-developing-an-inter.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea_
9. [Two North Korean officials are reportedly publicly executed by Kim Jong-un after they allegedly disobeyed orders: former agriculture minister Hwang Min for unsuitable policies and Ri Yong Jin, a senior official at the education ministry, for sleeping at a meeting with Kim, disrespect for the leader and corruption. They were allegedly executed by anti-aircraft artillery fire. ](/news/2016/08/30/two-north-korean-officials-are-reportedly-publicly-executed-by-kim-jong-un-after-they-allegedly-disobeyed-orders-former-agriculture-ministe.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea_
10. [North Korea-United States relations: North Korea says the United States has "crossed the red line in our showdown" after placing sanctions on its leader Kim Jong-un over human rights abuses, and considers the sanctions to be a "declaration of war" by the United States. ](/news/2016/07/28/north-korea-united-states-relations-north-korea-says-the-united-states-has-crossed-the-red-line-in-our-showdown-after-placing-sanctions.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea_
