### [2017-03-7](/news/2017/03/7/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Army captures at least 23 villages in North East Aleppo Governorate from ISIL in a matter of hours after an ISIL withdrawal caused by the SAA capturing Al-Khafsah. 

BEIRUT, LEBANON (10:00 P.M.) – Following the capture of Al-Khafsah town earlier in the day, the Syrian Arab Army&#039;s (SAA) swept through a large ISIS enclave


### Source:

1. [Al Masdar News](https://www.almasdarnews.com/article/20-villages-liberated-syrian-army-seizes-isis-pocket-stunning-aleppo-offensive/)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Army recaptures the strategic town of Tadef from ISIL, south of al-Bab, securing key transportation routes in eastern Aleppo Governorate. ](/news/2017/02/26/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-army-recaptures-the-strategic-town-of-tadef-from-isil-south-of-al-bab-securing-key-transportation-routes-in-e.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Army, backed by Russian airstrikes, recaptures the town of Khanasir from ISIL militants in the Aleppo Governorate. ](/news/2016/02/25/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-army-backed-by-russian-airstrikes-recaptures-the-town-of-khanasir-from-isil-militants-in-the-aleppo-governora.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian Civil War: Palmyra offensive (2017): The Syrian Army and its allies recapture the ancient city of Palmyra from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2017/03/2/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-2017-the-syrian-army-and-its-allies-recapture-the-ancient-city-of-palmyra-from-the-islamic-state-of-i.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian Civil War: Turkish-backed Free Syrian Army rebels seize control of the symbolic town of Dabiq, Aleppo Governorate, following clashes with ISIL militants. ](/news/2016/10/16/syrian-civil-war-turkish-backed-free-syrian-army-rebels-seize-control-of-the-symbolic-town-of-dabiq-aleppo-governorate-following-clashes.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Syrian civil war: American-led intervention in Syria: The United States acknowledges that its warplanes may have hit a Syrian Army position near Deir ez-Zor Airport in eastern Syria, while conducting an operation against ISIL, killing more than 60 Syrian troops. ](/news/2016/09/17/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-the-united-states-acknowledges-that-its-warplanes-may-have-hit-a-syrian-army-position.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian civil war: The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant says its official spokesman, Abu Mohammad al-Adnani, has been killed in Syria's Aleppo Governorate. The group's statement, distributed by Amaq News Agency, did not say how al-Adnani was killed. ](/news/2016/08/30/syrian-civil-war-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-says-its-official-spokesman-abu-mohammad-al-adnani-has-been-killed-in-syria-s-a.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian Civil War: U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) say they have seized full control of Manbij in Syria's northern Aleppo Governorate after ISIL militants withdrew from their last remaining strongholds in the city. ](/news/2016/08/12/syrian-civil-war-u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-say-they-have-seized-full-control-of-manbij-in-syria-s-northern-aleppo-governor.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian Civil War: At least three people are killed and three more injured as hundreds of Syrian Kurds flee Aleppo Province villages controlled by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, which continues to abduct and enslave Kurds. Yesterday, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported ISIL militants have kidnapped about 900 civilians over the past three weeks. ](/news/2016/06/25/syrian-civil-war-at-least-three-people-are-killed-and-three-more-injured-as-hundreds-of-syrian-kurds-flee-aleppo-province-villages-controll.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian Civil War: Battle of al-Qaryatayn (March-April 2016): The Syrian Army retakes control of al-Qaryatayn, Homs Governorate, after driving out ISIL militants. ](/news/2016/04/3/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-al-qaryatayn-march-april-2016-the-syrian-army-retakes-control-of-al-qaryatayn-homs-governorate-after-driv.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian Civil War: According to Russian ambassador to the United Nations Aleksi Borodavkin, the Syrian Army is preparing to launch an offensive against the ISIL strongholds of Al-Raqqah and the countryside around Deir ez-Zor and that the Russian Air Force will be providing the ground campaign with air support. ](/news/2016/04/29/syrian-civil-war-according-to-russian-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-aleksi-borodavkin-the-syrian-army-is-preparing-to-launch-an-offensi.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
