### [2017-03-7](/news/2017/03/7/index.md)

# The United States begins deploying the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) missile defense system in South Korea. 

The start of the Thaad deployment comes a day after North Korea launched four ballistic missiles.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-39188826)

### Related:

1. [A South Korean adviser says it is "impossible" for South Korea to purchase the THAAD missile complex since control of its operation would remain with the United States. The remarks come after United States president Donald Trump suggested that South Korea pay for the $1 billion system. ](/news/2017/04/27/a-south-korean-adviser-says-it-is-impossible-for-south-korea-to-purchase-the-thaad-missile-complex-since-control-of-its-operation-would-re.md) _Context: South Korea, South Korea-United States relations, U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system launchers, United States_
2. [American and South Korean military officials agree to deploy a U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) missile defense system in the country to counter North Korea's growing threats and use of ballistic missile and nuclear tests. ](/news/2016/07/8/american-and-south-korean-military-officials-agree-to-deploy-a-u-s-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-thaad-missile-defense-system-in-th.md) _Context: South Korea, South Korea-United States relations, U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system launchers, United States_
3. [The United States deploys parts of its Terminal High Altitude Area Defense in South Korea amidst high tension caused by North Korea's escalation of its missile and nuclear weapons programs. ](/news/2017/04/26/the-united-states-deploys-parts-of-its-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-in-south-korea-amidst-high-tension-caused-by-north-korea-s-escala.md) _Context: South Korea, U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system launchers, United States_
4. [South Korea and the United States start a joint military exercise as North Korea repeats threats of "indiscriminate" nuclear strikes. ](/news/2016/03/7/south-korea-and-the-united-states-start-a-joint-military-exercise-as-north-korea-repeats-threats-of-indiscriminate-nuclear-strikes.md) _Context: South Korea, South Korea-United States relations, United States_
5. [Four U.S. F-22 stealth fighters, escorted by other U.S. and South Korean jets, flew low over the Osan Air Base in a show of force following North Korea's recent rocket launch. The Yonhap news agency reported two of these stealth planes will be deployed in South Korea "for a while." ](/news/2016/02/17/four-u-s-f-22-stealth-fighters-escorted-by-other-u-s-and-south-korean-jets-flew-low-over-the-osan-air-base-in-a-show-of-force-following.md) _Context: South Korea, South Korea-United States relations, United States_
6. [Lockheed Martin vice president of air and missile defense Mike Trotsky tells the National Press Club in Washington, D.C., that the United States and South Korea are holding both formal and informal discussions on THAAD (Terminal High Altitude Area Defense System) deployment. South Korea's Defense Ministry and the U.S. Department of Defense deny the report. ](/news/2015/10/29/lockheed-martin-vice-president-of-air-and-missile-defense-mike-trotsky-tells-the-national-press-club-in-washington-d-c-that-the-united-st.md) _Context: South Korea, U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system launchers, United States_
7. [South Korea and the United States commence a joint military exercise despite threats from North Korea. ](/news/2015/08/17/south-korea-and-the-united-states-commence-a-joint-military-exercise-despite-threats-from-north-korea.md) _Context: South Korea, South Korea-United States relations, United States_
8. [South Korean President Moon Jae-in, who had campaigned on a parliamentary review of the country's missile defense system, orders an investigation of the anti-missile system after discovering the government was not informed when four more U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system launchers had been brought in and installed. ](/news/2017/05/30/south-korean-president-moon-jae-in-who-had-campaigned-on-a-parliamentary-review-of-the-country-s-missile-defense-system-orders-an-investig.md) _Context: South Korea-United States relations, U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system launchers_
9. [Hyundai (Sonata and Santa Fe) and Kia (Optima, Sorento, and Sportage) are recalling 1.5 million cars, over 1.3 million in United States and 170,000 in South Korea, over an engine defect. ](/news/2017/04/7/hyundai-sonata-and-santa-fe-and-kia-optima-sorento-and-sportage-are-recalling-1-5-million-cars-over-1-3-million-in-united-states-and.md) _Context: South Korea, United States_
10. [North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-eastern-waters-in-the-direction-of-japan-accordi.md) _Context: South Korea, United States_
