### [2012-12-16](/news/2012/12/16/index.md)

# A Palestinian refugee camp in the capital of Damascus is reported to be attacked by Syrian war planes. Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported at least eight deaths. 

A Palestinian refugee camp in the Syrian capital Damascus has been attacked, activists say, causing an unknown number of casualties.


### Source:

1. [AP via CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-202_162-57559467/islamist-rebels-take-over-syrian-infantry-base/)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-20747485)

### Related:

1. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, two suicide bombings occur near the Sayyidah Zaynab shrine in a Damascus suburb, killing at least 20 people. ](/news/2016/06/11/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-two-suicide-bombings-occur-near-the-sayyidah-zaynab-shrine-in-a-damascus-suburb-killi.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
2. [Syrian Army troops surround the central prison in Hama after inmates revolted, seizing several guards. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says inmates were protesting against a planned transfer of prisoners from Hama to Sednaya Prison near Damascus. ](/news/2016/05/2/syrian-army-troops-surround-the-central-prison-in-hama-after-inmates-revolted-seizing-several-guards-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-righ.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
3. [ISIL claims to have shot down a Syrian Arab Air Force MiG-23, southeast of Damascus, and captured its pilot. Amaq News Agency, which supports ISIL, gave the pilot's name as Azzam Eid, from Hama. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says it was not clear whether the plane had been shot down or crashed because of mechanical failure. ](/news/2016/04/23/isil-claims-to-have-shot-down-a-syrian-arab-air-force-mig-23-southeast-of-damascus-and-captured-its-pilot-amaq-news-agency-which-support.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
4. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights claims that the Al-Nusra Front as well as other insurgents have captured the village of Tel el-Ais in a strategic position overlooking the highway between Aleppo and Damascus. ](/news/2016/04/2/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-claims-that-the-al-nusra-front-as-well-as-other-insurgents-have-captured-the-village-of-tel-el-ais-i.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
5. [Zahran Alloush, founder of Islamist rebel group Jaysh al-Islam (army of Islam), the group's deputy leader, and other officials die in Russian airstrikes on a meeting east of Damascus, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. Jaysh al-Islam was one of the opposition groups at the December 10th conference that agreed on principles to guide peace talks, which both Bashar al-Assad and Russia rejected. ](/news/2015/12/25/zahran-alloush-founder-of-islamist-rebel-group-jaysh-al-islam-army-of-islam-the-group-s-deputy-leader-and-other-officials-die-in-russia.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
6. [Syrian rebels fire volleys of mortar shells into Damascus, killing three people and wounding at least 30. Government forces respond with airstrikes into rebel-controlled Douma, just northeast of the capital, and surface-to-surface missiles into Eastern Ghouta and Saqba, that kill at least 35 people and injure many more, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2015/12/13/syrian-rebels-fire-volleys-of-mortar-shells-into-damascus-killing-three-people-and-wounding-at-least-30-government-forces-respond-with-air.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
7. [Russian airstrikes on several ferries attempting to cross the Euphrates near Deir ez-Zor kill at least 34 civilians, including 9 children, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2017/09/10/russian-airstrikes-on-several-ferries-attempting-to-cross-the-euphrates-near-deir-ez-zor-kill-at-least-34-civilians-including-9-children-a.md) _Context: Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
8. [A rocket hits and injures several people at the Damascus International Fair. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says five people have died. ](/news/2017/08/20/a-rocket-hits-and-injures-several-people-at-the-damascus-international-fair-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-five-people-have-d.md) _Context: Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
9. [A day after a Russian sponsored ceasefire with a rebel group agreed a halt of fighting in the last opposition enclave in the capital, Syrian government airplanes and artillery strike rebel-held eastern Damascus suburbs and Ghouta with barrel bombs, killing at least five civilians in the towns of Hamouriya and Zalamka with several case of suffocation from rockets filled with chlorine that were fired at the front lines of Jobar and Ain Terma. ](/news/2017/08/19/a-day-after-a-russian-sponsored-ceasefire-with-a-rebel-group-agreed-a-halt-of-fighting-in-the-last-opposition-enclave-in-the-capital-syrian.md) _Context: Damascus_
10. [Three suicide bombers in Damascus kill at least 21 people and wound 12 others. ](/news/2017/07/2/three-suicide-bombers-in-damascus-kill-at-least-21-people-and-wound-12-others.md) _Context: Damascus_
