### [2012-12-16](/news/2012/12/16/index.md)

# Heavy snow hits Scandinavia disrupting transport in Norway, Sweden and Denmark. 

Sky News Australia has the top stories in news online from Australia and the rest of the World.


### Source:

1. [Sky News](http://www.skynews.com.au/topstories/article.aspx?id=827211)

### Related:

1. [Norwegian Air Shuttle will ground all passengers in Norway, Denmark, and Sweden as the result of an industrial dispute. The action leaves 35,000 people stranded. ](/news/2015/03/3/norwegian-air-shuttle-will-ground-all-passengers-in-norway-denmark-and-sweden-as-the-result-of-an-industrial-dispute-the-action-leaves-35.md) _Context: Denmark, Norway, Sweden_
2. [Iceland opens an inquiry as it emerges that its citizens may be being spied on by the United States embassy. This follows similar investigations into possible illegal U.S. activities in Norway, Denmark, Sweden, and Finland, with possibly hundreds of Norwegians being monitored and Sweden describing the matter as "very serious". ](/news/2010/11/11/iceland-opens-an-inquiry-as-it-emerges-that-its-citizens-may-be-being-spied-on-by-the-united-states-embassy-this-follows-similar-investigat.md) _Context: Denmark, Norway, Sweden_
3. [ The Danish, and as a consequence of sharing the same building, the Chilean and Swedish embassies in Damascus, are firebombed by protestors denouncing the publication of what they consider sacrilegious cartoons depicting the Prophet Muhammad. The Norwegian embassy is also burned. ](/news/2006/02/4/the-danish-and-as-a-consequence-of-sharing-the-same-building-the-chilean-and-swedish-embassies-in-damascus-are-firebombed-by-protestors.md) _Context: Denmark, Norway, Sweden_
4. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Norway, Sweden_
5. [The U.S. Senate confirms the nominations of the ambassadors to Norway and Sweden, and of two State Department officials once Senator Ted Cruz lifted his months-long hold on the nominations because of his objection to the Iran nuclear deal (JCPOA). ](/news/2016/02/12/the-u-s-senate-confirms-the-nominations-of-the-ambassadors-to-norway-and-sweden-and-of-two-state-department-officials-once-senator-ted-cru.md) _Context: Norway, Sweden_
6. [In efforts to control an influx of migrants, Denmark introduces ten days of identity checks on its southern border with Germany, while Sweden introduces similar measures on the Oresund Bridge between itself and Denmark. All three countries are subject to the Schengen Agreement on the free movement of people. ](/news/2016/01/4/in-efforts-to-control-an-influx-of-migrants-denmark-introduces-ten-days-of-identity-checks-on-its-southern-border-with-germany-while-swede.md) _Context: Denmark, Sweden_
7. [Denmark reopens rail services to Germany after closing rail lines and a motorway in order to stem the flow of migrants on their way to Sweden. ](/news/2015/09/10/denmark-reopens-rail-services-to-germany-after-closing-rail-lines-and-a-motorway-in-order-to-stem-the-flow-of-migrants-on-their-way-to-swede.md) _Context: Denmark, Sweden_
8. [The oldest copy of "Codex Holmiensis", dating from 1280, is returned to Denmark after 300 years in Sweden. [http://www.dr.dk/Nyheder/Kultur/2011/03/30/103038.htm] (Danish)](/news/2011/03/30/the-oldest-copy-of-codex-holmiensis-dating-from-1280-is-returned-to-denmark-after-300-years-in-sweden-http-www-dr-dk-nyheder-kultur.md) _Context: Denmark, Sweden_
9. [Contributions from Belgium, Canada, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Japan, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden and Switzerland allow the World Bank to cancel $36 million in Haiti's remaining debt following January's devastating earthquake. ](/news/2010/05/28/contributions-from-belgium-canada-finland-france-germany-ireland-italy-japan-the-netherlands-norway-spain-sweden-and-switzerland.md) _Context: Norway, Sweden_
10. [Travel chaos spreads across Europe as planes are grounded in the United Kingdom, Norway, Sweden, Finland and Russia as a result of the giant cloud of ash coming across from Iceland. ](/news/2010/04/16/travel-chaos-spreads-across-europe-as-planes-are-grounded-in-the-united-kingdom-norway-sweden-finland-and-russia-as-a-result-of-the-giant.md) _Context: Norway, Sweden_
