### [2012-12-16](/news/2012/12/16/index.md)

# Japanese general election, 2012:Japanese voters go to the polls for a general election, with the opposition Liberal Democratic Party led by former Prime Minister Shinzo Abe poised to win a majority. 

TOKYO -- The conservative party that dominated post-war Japan is back in power after a three-year absence, in a landslide election victory Sunday that will result in hawkish Shinzo Abe returning as...


### Source:

1. [Los Angeles Times](http://www.latimes.com/news/world/worldnow/la-fg-wn-japan-conservatives-landslide-election-20121216,0,5391869.story)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-20747496)
3. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-20745165)
4. [ABC News America](http://abcnews.go.com/blogs/headlines/2012/12/japan-poised-for-another-leader-as-weary-voters-head-to-polls/)
5. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2012/12/16/world/asia/japan-election/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Japanese citizens vote in a general election. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's Liberal Democratic Party and its junior coalition partner win 325 seats out of 475 and thus a new term. ](/news/2014/12/14/japanese-citizens-vote-in-a-general-election-prime-minister-shinzo-abe-s-liberal-democratic-party-and-its-junior-coalition-partner-win-325.md) _Context: Japanese, Liberal Democratic Party_
2. [Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda announces he will dissolve the House of Representatives of the Diet on Friday after the ruling DPJ government and opposition LDP come to an agreement regarding a reduction of seats in the House.  A general election is scheduled for December 16. ](/news/2012/11/14/japanese-prime-minister-yoshihiko-noda-announces-he-will-dissolve-the-house-of-representatives-of-the-diet-on-friday-after-the-ruling-dpj-go.md) _Context: Liberal Democratic Party, general election_
3. [South Korea bans three Japanese lawmakers all from the Liberal Democratic Party due to an assertion of Japanese sovereignty over the Liancourt Rocks. ](/news/2011/08/1/south-korea-bans-three-japanese-lawmakers-all-from-the-liberal-democratic-party-due-to-an-assertion-of-japanese-sovereignty-over-the-liancou.md) _Context: Japanese, Liberal Democratic Party_
4. [Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe makes a landmark visit to Naval Station Pearl Harbor in Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, offering "sincere and everlasting condolences" to the victims of the attack on Pearl Harbor by the Japanese empire on December 7, 1941. ](/news/2016/12/27/japanese-prime-minister-shinza-abe-makes-a-landmark-visit-to-naval-station-pearl-harbor-in-pearl-harbor-hawaii-offering-sincere-and-ever.md) _Context: Shinzō Abe_
5. [Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe becomes the first foreign head of government to meet President-elect of the United States Donald Trump since his election as President on November 8.  ](/news/2016/11/17/japanese-prime-minister-shinza-abe-becomes-the-first-foreign-head-of-government-to-meet-president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-s.md) _Context: Shinzō Abe_
6. [Yuriko Koike, of the Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) but not their preferred candidate, is  elected the Tokyo prefecture's first female governor, replacing Yoichi Masuzoe who resigned last month. The former  Minister of Defense defeated the LDP-Komeito ruling coalition's  Hiroya Masuda and the opposition bloc's Shuntaro Torigoe. Turnout is over 40 percent. ](/news/2016/07/31/yuriko-koike-of-the-liberal-democratic-party-ldp-but-not-their-preferred-candidate-is-elected-the-tokyo-prefecture-s-first-female-gover.md) _Context: Liberal Democratic Party_
7. [Voters in Japan go to the polls with the ruling Liberal Democratic Party and its Komeito partners looking for a two-thirds majority that will allow them to put forward a referendum to change the constitution. The governing parties won 70 of the 121 seats. ](/news/2016/07/10/voters-in-japan-go-to-the-polls-with-the-ruling-liberal-democratic-party-and-its-komeito-partners-looking-for-a-two-thirds-majority-that-wil.md) _Context: Liberal Democratic Party_
8. [Japanese House of Representatives by-elections, 2016: By-elections were held for two seats controlled by the ruling Liberal Democratic Party. [http://www.japantimes.co.jp/news/2016/04/24/national/politics-diplomacy/voting-under-way-for-lower-house-seats-in-hokkaido-kyoto/ (''Japan Times'')]Hokkaido 5th district by-election, 2016: LDP candidate Yoshiaki Wada staved off the competition from independent candidate Maki Ikeda. Despite the LDP's winning margin decreasing from 14% (in 2014) to 2%, this win is seen as a boost for Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in the upcoming upper house election.Kyoto 3rd district by-election, 2016: The newly formed Democratic Party wrested back the seat from the LDP after their candidate and former MP for the district Kenta Izumi won by a landslide.](/news/2016/04/24/japanese-house-of-representatives-by-elections-2016-by-elections-were-held-for-two-seats-controlled-by-the-ruling-liberal-democratic-party.md) _Context: Liberal Democratic Party_
9. [Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe agrees  to suspend work to expand the U.S. military base on Okinawa Island. Abe says his government will follow the court recommendation and settle several lawsuits over landfill work  carried out to prepare for new runways. ](/news/2016/03/4/japanese-prime-minister-shinza-abe-agrees-to-suspend-work-to-expand-the-u-s-military-base-on-okinawa-island-abe-says-his-government-will.md) _Context: Shinzō Abe_
10. [Japan and South Korea agree to 'irreversibly' resolve a long-running dispute over Korean women the Japanese military used as sex slaves during World War II. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will issue a formal apology to the so-called "comfort women." Tokyo will set up an aid fund of about 1 billion yen ($8.3 million). ](/news/2015/12/28/japan-and-south-korea-agree-to-irreversibly-resolve-a-long-running-dispute-over-korean-women-the-japanese-military-used-as-sex-slaves-duri.md) _Context: Shinzō Abe_
