### [2012-12-16](/news/2012/12/16/index.md)

# Voters in Venezuela go to the polls for gubernatorial elections with Hugo Chavez's Socialist Party winning in at least 19 of 23 states. 

President Hugo Chavez&#039;s allies have won a sweeping victory in Venezuela&#039;s gubernatorial elections, capturing a large majority of states and showing that the socialist party still has huge sway despite the president being seriously ill with cancer.


### Source:

1. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/southamerica/venezuela/9749433/Venezuela-allies-of-Hugo-Chavez-sweep-to-victory-in-state-elections.html)

### Related:

1. [Venezuelan opposition leaders say their Democratic Unity Roundtable  has won control of the 167-seat legislature from the ruling Socialists for the first time since 1998.  There is no confirmation on Sunday's election from the national electoral board. An opposition victory would be a major setback for the socialist revolution started 17 years ago by the late Hugo Chavez. ](/news/2015/12/6/venezuelan-opposition-leaders-say-their-democratic-unity-roundtable-has-won-control-of-the-167-seat-legislature-from-the-ruling-socialists.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, United Social Party of Venezuela, Venezuela_
2. [The birthplace of late President Hugo Chavez is burned by protesters as violence and looting spreads through Barinas, Venezuela following the death of a protester. ](/news/2017/05/22/the-birthplace-of-late-president-hugo-cha-vez-is-burned-by-protesters-as-violence-and-looting-spreads-through-barinas-venezuela-following-t.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Venezuela_
3. [Venezuela's National Electoral Council announces  the  opposition Democratic Unity Roundtable (MUD) has won at least  99 seats in the 167-member National Assembly in Sunday's elections. The  previous-ruling United Social Party of Venezuela (PSUV) picked up 46. Results for 22 contests remain to be determined. Voter turnout was a stunning 74.3 percent. "Within seconds," President Nicolas Maduro recognized the opposition's win, saying that despite (his party's) adverse result, Venezuela's democracy has triumphed. ](/news/2015/12/7/venezuela-s-national-electoral-council-announces-the-opposition-democratic-unity-roundtable-mud-has-won-at-least-99-seats-in-the-167-me.md) _Context: United Social Party of Venezuela, Venezuela_
4. [Nicolas Maduro, acting President of Venezuela, officially begins his campaign to succeed Hugo Chavez in the late leader's hometown ahead of the April 14 election. ](/news/2013/04/3/nicola-s-maduro-acting-president-of-venezuela-officially-begins-his-campaign-to-succeed-hugo-cha-vez-in-the-late-leader-s-hometown-ahead-o.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Venezuela_
5. [Nicolas Maduro wins a narrow victory in Venezuela's presidential election over Henrique Capriles. Maduro is due to be sworn in as President of Venezuela on 19 April and is set to serve until January 2019, to complete the term of recently deceased President Hugo Chavez. Capriles refuses to acknowledge defeat and calls for a recount. ](/news/2013/04/15/nicola-s-maduro-wins-a-narrow-victory-in-venezuela-s-presidential-election-over-henrique-capriles-maduro-is-due-to-be-sworn-in-as-president.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Venezuela_
6. [Voters in Venezuela go to the polls for a snap presidential election, which was called after the death of President Hugo Chavez on March 5. ](/news/2013/04/14/voters-in-venezuela-go-to-the-polls-for-a-snap-presidential-election-which-was-called-after-the-death-of-president-hugo-cha-vez-on-march-5.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Venezuela_
7. [Following the state funeral of former President of Venezuela Hugo Chavez, Vice President Nicolas Maduro is officially sworn in as Interim President. ](/news/2013/03/8/following-the-state-funeral-of-former-president-of-venezuela-hugo-cha-vez-vice-president-nicola-s-maduro-is-officially-sworn-in-as-interim.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Venezuela_
8. [Death of Hugo Chavez:Hugo Chavez, the President of Venezuela, dies in office at the age of 58 in the capital, Caracas. ](/news/2013/03/5/death-of-hugo-cha-vez-phugo-cha-vez-the-president-of-venezuela-dies-in-office-at-the-age-of-58-in-the-capital-caracas.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Venezuela_
9. [The Venezuelan Supreme Tribunal of Justice rules that the latest inauguration of President Hugo Chavez can be deferred while his recovery continues from a cancer operation. ](/news/2013/01/9/the-venezuelan-supreme-tribunal-of-justice-rules-that-the-latest-inauguration-of-president-hugo-cha-vez-can-be-deferred-while-his-recovery-c.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Venezuela_
10. [The Venezuelan government announces that Hugo Chavez is in stable condition, and is still receiving medical treatment for a respiratory infection. ](/news/2013/01/8/the-venezuelan-government-announces-that-hugo-cha-vez-is-in-stable-condition-and-is-still-receiving-medical-treatment-for-a-respiratory-inf.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Venezuela_
