### [2009-01-4](/news/2009/01/4/index.md)

#  United States President-elect Barack Obama nominates Virginia Governor Tim Kaine to be the Democratic National Committee's next chairperson. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2009/POLITICS/01/04/dnc.tim.kaine/index.html?eref=rss_topstories)

### Related:

1. [Voters in the US states of New Jersey and Virginia go to the polls in their gubernatorial elections, while voters in cities across the country also vote to choose their next mayor. [http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-250_162-57610800/voters-head-to-the-polls-to-elect-governors-in-va-n.j/ (CBS News)] [http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2487773/New-York-City-mayors-race-set-landslide-De-Blasio-leading-40-points.html (''Daily Mail'')] [http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-250_162-57610977/no-surprise-chris-christie-re-elected-as-new-jersey-governor/ (CBS News)] [http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/11/06/us-usa-politics-virginia-idUSBRE9A501O20131106 (Reuters)] [http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-250_162-57610976/bill-de-blasio-wins-new-york-city-mayoral-race/ (CBS News)]Chris Christie is re-elected Governor of New Jersey.Terry McAuliffe is narrowly elected Governor of Virginia.Bill de Blasio is elected Mayor of New York City.](/news/2013/11/5/voters-in-the-us-states-of-new-jersey-and-virginia-go-to-the-polls-in-their-gubernatorial-elections-while-voters-in-cities-across-the-count.md) _Context: Governor of Virginia, United States, Virginia_
2. [ The United States Congress certifies the results of the 2008 presidential election, confirming Barack Obama as President-elect. ](/news/2009/01/8/the-united-states-congress-certifies-the-results-of-the-2008-presidential-election-confirming-barack-obama-as-president-elect.md) _Context: Obama, President-elect, United States_
3. [ United States President-elect Barack Obama offers CNN medical correspondent and neurosurgeon Sanjay Gupta the position of Surgeon General. ](/news/2009/01/6/united-states-president-elect-barack-obama-offers-cnn-medical-correspondent-and-neurosurgeon-sanjay-gupta-the-position-of-surgeon-general.md) _Context: Obama, President-elect, United States_
4. [ Democratic Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich is arrested by Federal Bureau of Investigation agents at his Chicago home, amidst allegations of corruption and pay-to-play regarding the replacement for United States President-elect Barack Obama in the Senate. ](/news/2008/12/9/democratic-illinois-governor-rod-blagojevich-is-arrested-by-federal-bureau-of-investigation-agents-at-his-chicago-home-amidst-allegations.md) _Context: Obama, President-elect, United States_
5. [ United States President-elect Barack Obama nominates General Eric Shinseki to be the next Secretary of Veterans Affairs. ](/news/2008/12/6/united-states-president-elect-barack-obama-nominates-general-eric-shinseki-to-be-the-next-secretary-of-veterans-affairs.md) _Context: Obama, President-elect, United States_
6. [ Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich appoints former Democratic Illinois Attorney General Roland Burris to President-elect Barack Obama's vacated United States Senate seat. Democratic Senate leaders and Secretary of State Jesse White say they will not accept the appointment. ](/news/2008/12/30/illinois-governor-rod-blagojevich-appoints-former-democratic-illinois-attorney-general-roland-burris-to-president-elect-barack-obama-s-vaca.md) _Context: Obama, President-elect, United States_
7. [ Administration of United States President-elect Barack Obama:  Republican Party Representative Ray LaHood of Illinois is nominated as the next Secretary of Transportation. ](/news/2008/12/19/administration-of-united-states-president-elect-barack-obama-p-republican-party-representative-ray-lahood-of-illinois-is-nominated-as-the.md) _Context: Obama, President-elect, United States_
8. [ Virginia Governor Mark R. Warner grants clemency in the case of convicted murderer Robin Lovitt. It was about 24 hours before Lovitt was scheduled to be executed. Evidence against Lovitt had been illegally destroyed after his trial by a court clerk, preventing DNA testing that may have cleared him of the crime. Lovitt's execution was to be the 1,000th execution in the United States since the Supreme Court reinstated the death penalty in 1976. ](/news/2005/11/29/virginia-governor-mark-r-warner-grants-clemency-in-the-case-of-convicted-murderer-robin-lovitt-it-was-about-24-hours-before-lovitt-was-sc.md) _Context: Governor of Virginia, United States, Virginia_
9. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. President Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: Obama, United States_
10. [United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions requests the resignations of 46 Barack Obama-era chief federal prosecutors, including United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York Preet Bharara, who was previously told to stay on by then President-elect Donald Trump in November. ](/news/2017/03/10/united-states-attorney-general-jeff-sessions-requests-the-resignations-of-46-barack-obama-era-chief-federal-prosecutors-including-united-st.md) _Context: Obama, President-elect_
