### [2012-08-27](/news/2012/08/27/index.md)

# Blockade of the Gaza Strip: A United Nations report finds that the Gaza Strip will not be "a liveable place" by 2020 as basic infrastructure in water, health, education and sanitation "is struggling to keep pace with a growing population". 

Urgent action is needed to improve basic services in the Gaza Strip or it will not be &quot;liveable&quot; by 2020, according to a new UN report.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-19391809)

### Related:

1. [The Gaza Strip's sole power plant is shut down due to running out of fuel, amid unpaid bills and a dispute over tax bills on fuel imports to the blockaded Palestinian territory. ](/news/2017/04/16/the-gaza-strip-s-sole-power-plant-is-shut-down-due-to-running-out-of-fuel-amid-unpaid-bills-and-a-dispute-over-tax-bills-on-fuel-imports-to.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, blockaded_
2. [A Turkish ship carrying humanitarian aid for the Gaza Strip docks at the Israeli port city of Ashdod, the first warming move between the two countries since relations began to improve. Relations between Turkey and Israel were tense since the 2010 Gaza flotilla raid but ended last week when Turkey agreed to normalize ties in a diplomatic treaty. ](/news/2016/07/4/a-turkish-ship-carrying-humanitarian-aid-for-the-gaza-strip-docks-at-the-israeli-port-city-of-ashdod-the-first-warming-move-between-the-two.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, blockaded_
3. [Canadian academic William Schabas resigns as the head of a United Nations committee investigating alleged Israeli war crimes in an offensive in the Gaza Strip during 2014 due to Israel alleging bias due to consultancy work he did for the Palestine Liberation Organisation. ](/news/2015/02/2/canadian-academic-william-schabas-resigns-as-the-head-of-a-united-nations-committee-investigating-alleged-israeli-war-crimes-in-an-offensive.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, United Nations_
4. [Operation Protective Edge:United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay condemns both Israel's military actions in the Gaza Strip and Hamas for "indiscriminate attacks" on Israel, and warns that war crimes may have been committed.  ](/news/2014/07/23/operation-protective-edge-punited-nations-high-commissioner-for-human-rights-navi-pillay-condemns-both-israel-s-military-actions-in-the-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, United Nations_
5. [Operation Protective Edge:For the second time, an inspection by United Nations officials reveals rockets being stored in a UNWRA run school in Gaza.  Rockets discovered in a school a week ago were returned to Hamas by UNWRA workers. ](/news/2014/07/22/operation-protective-edge-pfor-the-second-time-an-inspection-by-united-nations-officials-reveals-rockets-being-stored-in-a-unwra-run-school.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, United Nations_
6. [The United Nations says there has been "no material change" for people in Gaza since Israel announced it was easing its economic blockade. An Israeli spokesman stated that the reason for the blockade was "because the territory has been overtaken by a declared terror movement.](/news/2010/11/11/the-united-nations-says-there-has-been-no-material-change-for-people-in-gaza-since-israel-announced-it-was-easing-its-economic-blockade-a.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, United Nations_
7. [Israel's ambassador to the United Nations Gabriela Shalev writes a letter to Ban Ki-moon stating that Israel would use force against a Bolivian-flagged all-female aid ship intending to land near Gaza. ](/news/2010/08/21/israel-s-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-gabriela-shalev-writes-a-letter-to-ban-ki-moon-stating-that-israel-would-use-force-against-a-boliv.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, United Nations_
8. [A United Nations delegation arrives in Gaza for three days of following up the United Nations Fact Finding Mission on the Gaza Conflict. ](/news/2010/08/14/a-united-nations-delegation-arrives-in-gaza-for-three-days-of-following-up-the-united-nations-fact-finding-mission-on-the-gaza-conflict.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, United Nations_
9. [Israel warns the United Nations that two ships carrying aid to Gaza would not, by "all necessary means", be allowed to reach their destination. ](/news/2010/07/22/israel-warns-the-united-nations-that-two-ships-carrying-aid-to-gaza-would-not-by-all-necessary-means-be-allowed-to-reach-their-destinati.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, United Nations_
10. [United Nations figures indicate around 225 families remain homeless in Gaza since Israel's three-week military offensive was launched in December 2008. ](/news/2010/07/18/united-nations-figures-indicate-around-225-families-remain-homeless-in-gaza-since-israel-s-three-week-military-offensive-was-launched-in-dec.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, United Nations_
