### [2007-11-12](/news/2007/11/12/index.md)

#  2007 Pakistani state of emergency: Pakistan Army renews air attacks in the Swat valley targeting extremists positions.{{Fact|date=December 2007}}  Foreign ministers of the Commonwealth of Nations meet in London to discuss the issue of Pakistan. They demand that President Pervez Musharraf lift the state of emergency, release political prisoners and step down as army chief by November 22, or otherwise the country will be "suspended from the Councils of the Commonwealth." 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7091693.stm)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7090457.stm)

### Related:

1. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency: Thousands of people escape Pakistan's Swat district, where the Pakistan Army is fighting with pro-Taliban militants. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7104331.stm (BBC)] More than 100 journalists are arrested for protesting against the state of emergency and media restrictions. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7103538.stm (BBC)] The Government of Pakistan releases 3,400 people who were jailed during the state of emergency. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7103266.stm (BBC)] Pakistan Chief Election Commissioner Justice (retired) Qazi Mohammad Farooq announces the next general elections will be held on January 8, 2008.{{Fact|date=December 2007}}](/news/2007/11/20/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-p-thousands-of-people-escape-pakistan-s-swat-district-where-the-pakistan-army-is-fighting-with-pro-talib.md) _Context: 2007 Pakistani state of emergency, Pakistan, Pakistan Army, Swat, Pakistan, state of emergency_
2. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency: Pakistani Attorney General Malik Qayyum announces the Supreme Court of Pakistan has dismissed five of the six petitions against President Pervez Musharraf's re-election. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7101302.stm (BBC)] At least 80 people die and 100 are wounded in sectarian violence in Kurram Agency. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7101533.stm (BBC)] Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf rejects United States Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte's demand to lift the state of emergency.{{Fact|date=December 2007}}](/news/2007/11/19/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-p-pakistani-attorney-general-malik-qayyum-announces-the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-has-dismissed-five-of-t.md) _Context: 2007 Pakistani state of emergency, Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President, state of emergency_
3. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency: The Netherlands suspends aid to Pakistan following the imposition of emergency rule.{{Fact|date=December 2007}} Several demonstrating lawyers protesting outside the Sindh High Court are arrested.{{Fact|date=December 2007}}  President of the United States George W. Bush calls on the President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf to end the state of emergency and restore civilian rule. ](/news/2007/11/5/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-p-the-netherlands-suspends-aid-to-pakistan-following-the-imposition-of-emergency-rule-fact-date-decembe.md) _Context: 2007 Pakistani state of emergency, Pervez Musharraf, President, state of emergency_
4. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency: President Pervez Musharraf declares a period of emergency rule amid rising militant violence. ](/news/2007/11/3/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-president-pervez-musharraf-declares-a-period-of-emergency-rule-amid-rising-militant-violence.md) _Context: 2007 Pakistani state of emergency, Pervez Musharraf, President, state of emergency_
5. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency: Pervez Musharraf is sworn in as the President of Pakistan for a second term, this time as a civilian. [http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2007/11/29/2105577.htm (ABC News Australia)]  President George W. Bush welcomes Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf, urges him to lift emergency rule.{{Fact|date=December 2007}} Musharraf announces the 2007 Pakistani state of emergency will be lifted on 2007-12-16. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7119416.stm (BBC)] Restrictions on Pakistani TV channels are challenged in the Supreme Court of Pakistan.{{Fact|date=December 2007}} ](/news/2007/11/29/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-p-pervez-musharraf-is-sworn-in-as-the-president-of-pakistan-for-a-second-term-this-time-as-a-civilian.md) _Context: 2007 Pakistani state of emergency, Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President_
6. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency: The President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf stands down as the head of the Pakistan Army. [http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,313348,00.html (Fox News)] General Ashfaq Parvez Kayani succeeds Musharraf as the 14th Chief of Army Staff of the Pakistan Army.{{Fact|date=December 2007}} ](/news/2007/11/28/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-p-the-president-of-pakistan-pervez-musharraf-stands-down-as-the-head-of-the-pakistan-army-http-www-fo.md) _Context: 2007 Pakistani state of emergency, Pakistan Army, Pervez Musharraf, President_
7. [  Pakistan is suspended from the Commonwealth of Nations again for its imposition of the state of emergency. ](/news/2007/11/22/pakistan-is-suspended-from-the-commonwealth-of-nations-again-for-its-imposition-of-the-state-of-emergency.md) _Context: 2007 Pakistani state of emergency, Commonwealth of Nations, Pakistan, state of emergency_
8. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency: Hina Jilani leads a protest in London to ask for the release of all political prisoners and to vocalize the call for President Pervez Musharraf's resignation. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/7100762.stm (BBC)] United States Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte says President Pervez Musharraf should lift the state of emergency and free political opponents. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7100322.stm (BBC)] One person dies in a bomb explosion on a railway track near Peshawar targeted at a passenger train.{{Fact|date=December 2007}}](/news/2007/11/18/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-p-hina-jilani-leads-a-protest-in-london-to-ask-for-the-release-of-all-political-prisoners-and-to-vocalize.md) _Context: 2007 Pakistani state of emergency, Pervez Musharraf, President, state of emergency_
9. [ Pakistan: The Pakistani cabinet announces plans to drop all corruption charges against former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto.{{Fact|date=December 2007}} The President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf appoints General Ashfaq Kiyani to succeed him as the head of the Pakistan Army after Saturday's election. ](/news/2007/10/2/pakistan-p-the-pakistani-cabinet-announces-plans-to-drop-all-corruption-charges-against-former-prime-minister-benazir-bhutto-fact-date-de.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pakistan Army, Pervez Musharraf, President_
10. [Former President Pervez Musharraf travels to Dubai for medical treatment of his back and leg, before moving on to either the U.S. or U.K. for additional treatment, spokesperson Aasia Ishaque said. Musharraf, 72, will return to Pakistan to face all pending legal cases. Earlier this week, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's government implemented the Supreme Court ruling, and lifted the 2013 ban that barred  Musharraf from international trips. ](/news/2016/03/18/former-president-pervez-musharraf-travels-to-dubai-for-medical-treatment-of-his-back-and-leg-before-moving-on-to-either-the-u-s-or-u-k-fo.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President_
