### [2007-11-12](/news/2007/11/12/index.md)

#  Bank of America, Citigroup and JPMorgan Chase agree to a US$75 billion plan designed to heal the credit markets. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/business/7090339.stm)

### Related:

1. [A watchdog group releases a report that details write-downs of $19 billion on more than 168,000 properties by five United States banks. Under terms of a federal and state settlement of foreclosure-processing violations reached one year ago in March, Bank of America lost the most and had $13.5 billion in homeowner debts written off. The other banks are Citigroup Inc, JPMorgan Chase & Co, Wells Fargo & Co, and Ally Financial Inc. ](/news/2013/02/21/a-watchdog-group-releases-a-report-that-details-write-downs-of-19-billion-on-more-than-168-000-properties-by-five-united-states-banks-unde.md) _Context: Bank of America, Citigroup, JPMorgan Chase_
2. [For $8.5 billion, ten banks settle to stop mortgage foreclosure process audits. The United States government regulators had been engaged in a loan-by-loan review of home loan practices during the Great Recession. Bank of America, Citigroup Inc, JPMorgan Chase & Co, Wells Fargo & Co, MetLife Bank, Aurora Bank FSB, PNC Financial Services Group Inc, Sovereign Bank NA, SunTrust Banks Inc, and U.S. Bancorp settle with regulators to pay out cash up to $125,000 to homeowners whose homes were being foreclosed when the paperwork problems emerged. Further, Bank of America agrees to pay $11.6 billion to government mortgage finance company Fannie Mae. ](/news/2013/01/7/for-8-5-billion-ten-banks-settle-to-stop-mortgage-foreclosure-process-audits-the-united-states-government-regulators-had-been-engaged-in.md) _Context: Bank of America, Citigroup, JPMorgan Chase_
3. [Moody's downgrades the credit rating of 15 major world banks: UK (The Royal Bank of Scotland, Barclays and HSBC), US (Bank of America, Citigroup, Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan), Rest of world (Credit Suisse, UBS, BNP Paribas, Credit Agricole, Societe Generale, Deutsche Bank, Royal Bank of Canada and Morgan Stanley). ](/news/2012/06/21/moody-s-downgrades-the-credit-rating-of-15-major-world-banks-uk-the-royal-bank-of-scotland-barclays-and-hsbc-us-bank-of-america-citig.md) _Context: Bank of America, Citigroup, JPMorgan Chase_
4. [Fannie Mae files a lawsuit for $800 million against nine different banks, including Citigroup and Bank of America, for manipulating the Libor benchmark interest rate. ](/news/2013/11/1/fannie-mae-files-a-lawsuit-for-800-million-against-nine-different-banks-including-citigroup-and-bank-of-america-for-manipulating-the-libo.md) _Context: Bank of America, Citigroup_
5. [The United States' largest bank, Bank of America, is surpassed by JPMorgan Chase in total assets, according to Bank of America's quarterly financial earnings report. ](/news/2011/10/19/the-united-states-largest-bank-bank-of-america-is-surpassed-by-jpmorgan-chase-in-total-assets-according-to-bank-of-america-s-quarterly-f.md) _Context: Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase_
6. [German tax authorities are investigating Citigroup over its use of a "dividend stripping" strategy, which allowed both the buyer and seller of a stock to claim the tax credits. ](/news/2016/03/22/german-tax-authorities-are-investigating-citigroup-over-its-use-of-a-dividend-stripping-strategy-which-allowed-both-the-buyer-and-seller.md) _Context: Citigroup_
7. [In the United States, JPMorgan Chase agrees to pay $307 million to settle federal cases where the bank failed to disclose certain conflicts of interest to some of its wealth management clients. ](/news/2015/12/18/in-the-united-states-jpmorgan-chase-agrees-to-pay-307-million-to-settle-federal-cases-where-the-bank-failed-to-disclose-certain-conflicts.md) _Context: JPMorgan Chase_
8. [A New York state appellate court in Manhattan rules to approve in its entirety the 2011 settlement by Bank of America with 22 institutional investors including BlackRock Inc, MetLife Inc, and Allianz SE's Pacific Investment Management Co to resolve claims over $174 billion of mortgage securities issued by the former Countrywide Financial Corp. in a $8.5 billion settlement. ](/news/2015/03/5/a-new-york-state-appellate-court-in-manhattan-rules-to-approve-in-its-entirety-the-2011-settlement-by-bank-of-america-with-22-institutional.md) _Context: Bank of America_
9. [In New York City, U.S. district court judge Thomas Griesa expands the force of his existing remedial rulings in the ongoing litigation over the Argentine debt restructuring, blocking planned bond payments by Citigroup. The Citigroup processing of payments would violate a requirement that Argentina treat bondholders equally. ](/news/2015/03/12/in-new-york-city-u-s-district-court-judge-thomas-griesa-expands-the-force-of-his-existing-remedial-rulings-in-the-ongoing-litigation-over.md) _Context: Citigroup_
10. [The U.S. District Court in Manhattan, via Judge Jed Rakoff, orders Bank of America to pay $1.27 billion in damages relating to the housing bubble-era actions of what is now its Countrywide unit. ](/news/2014/07/30/the-u-s-district-court-in-manhattan-via-judge-jed-rakoff-orders-bank-of-america-to-pay-1-27-billion-in-damages-relating-to-the-housing-b.md) _Context: Bank of America_
