### [2003-12-28](/news/2003/12/28/index.md)

#  Serbian parliamentary election, 2003: Serbia holds a parliamentary election. The Serbian Radical Party wins 81 seats in the 250-seat parliament. [http://www.srbija.gov.rs/news/2003-12/29/332660.html]




### Related:

1. [Serbian Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic is pelted with stones and other objects as he attempts to pay respects to the victims of the Bosnian Genocide, Vucic is a former member of the Serbian Radical Party, a far right anti-Islam party. ](/news/2015/07/11/serbian-prime-minister-aleksandar-vuaia-is-pelted-with-stones-and-other-objects-as-he-attempts-to-pay-respects-to-the-victims-of-the-bosni.md) _Context: Serbia, Serbian Radical Party_
2. [Government of Serbia. Serbian president Aleksandar Vucic nominates Ana Brnabic as the next Prime Minister of Serbia. If confirmed by the National Assembly, Brnabic will become Serbia's first female and lesbian Prime Minister. ](/news/2017/06/15/government-of-serbia-serbian-president-aleksandar-vuaia-nominates-ana-brnabia-as-the-next-prime-minister-of-serbia-if-confirmed-by-the.md) _Context: Serbia_
3. [Serbian presidential election, 2017. Voters in Serbia go to the polls for an election, which Prime Minster Aleksandar Vucic of the conservative Serbian Progressive Party is expected to win. In projections, Vucic gets around 55% of the votes, avoiding a second round. ](/news/2017/04/2/serbian-presidential-election-2017-voters-in-serbia-go-to-the-polls-for-an-election-which-prime-minster-aleksandar-vuaia-of-the-conserv.md) _Context: Serbia_
4. [Kosovo-Serbia relations. Serbian President Tomislav Nikolic accuses Kosovo of "seeking a war" after a train, en route to the Serb-majority city of Mitrovica in North Kosovo, and decorated in Serbian national colors and the words ""Kosovo je Srbija"" (Kosovo is Serbia), was prevented from crossing the Kosovan border. The Prime Minister of Kosovo Isa Mustafa says the train had been stopped "to protect the country's sovereignty". ](/news/2017/01/15/kosovo-serbia-relations-serbian-president-tomislav-nikolia-accuses-kosovo-of-seeking-a-war-after-a-train-en-route-to-the-serb-majorit.md) _Context: Serbia_
5. [U.S. officials are investigating the hacking of election system databases in Illinois and Arizona. The FBI alerted all election officials nationwide about this issue earlier this month. ](/news/2016/08/29/u-s-officials-are-investigating-the-hacking-of-election-system-databases-in-illinois-and-arizona-the-fbi-alerted-all-election-officials-na.md) _Context: election_
6. [A lone gunman opened fire at a cafe in Zitiste, Serbia, killing five people and injuring 20 more. The perpetrator was arrested shortly afterward while attempting to flee the scene. ](/news/2016/07/2/a-lone-gunman-opened-fire-at-a-cafa-c-in-a1-2itia-te-serbia-killing-five-people-and-injuring-20-more-the-perpetrator-was-arrested-shortly-af.md) _Context: Serbia_
7. [Five people, all foreign holidaymakers, are killed and 23 are injured when their bus swerves off a highway en route to Belgrade, Serbia. ](/news/2016/06/21/five-people-all-foreign-holidaymakers-are-killed-and-23-are-injured-when-their-bus-swerves-off-a-highway-en-route-to-belgrade-serbia.md) _Context: Serbia_
8. [Serbian parliamentary election, 2016. Serbians elect a new parliament under the backdrop of its accession to the European Union. Preliminary results indicate the incumbent, pro-EU populists sweeping the election. ](/news/2016/04/24/serbian-parliamentary-election-2016-serbians-elect-a-new-parliament-under-the-backdrop-of-its-accession-to-the-european-union-preliminary.md) _Context: Serbia_
9. [Serbian parliamentary election, 2016. Serbian President Tomislav Nikolic, at the request of Serbian Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic, dissolves Serbia's parliament and calls for early elections to take place on April 24. ](/news/2016/03/4/serbian-parliamentary-election-2016-serbian-president-tomislav-nikolia-at-the-request-of-serbian-prime-minister-aleksandar-vuaia-diss.md) _Context: Serbia_
10. [A man detonates a grenade inside a bakery in Belgrade, Serbia, killing himself. No other casualties were reported. ](/news/2016/03/21/a-man-detonates-a-grenade-inside-a-bakery-in-belgrade-serbia-killing-himself-no-other-casualties-were-reported.md) _Context: Serbia_
