### [2015-12-2](/news/2015/12/2/index.md)

# Authorities arrest four Kosovo jihadists men, three in Italy and one in Kosovo, for making nonspecific threats against Pope Francis and the former U.S. Ambassador to Kosovo. The men are described by police as highly dangerous and as having celebrated the November 2015 Paris attacks. 




### Source:

1. [The Independent'' via MSN](http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/world/pope-francis-threats-four-men-arrested-after-alleged-threat-against-pontiff/ar-AAfTO7R?li=BBnb7Kz)

### Related:

1. [At the Indigenous Peoples Forum in Rome, Italy, Pope Francis says that developmental needs have to be reconciled with the protection of the particular characteristics of indigenous peoples and their territories. This is taken by some as a reference to the Standing Rock Sioux and other groups opposing the Dakota Access Pipeline. ](/news/2017/02/15/at-the-indigenous-peoples-forum-in-rome-italy-pope-francis-says-that-developmental-needs-have-to-be-reconciled-with-the-protection-of-the.md) _Context: Italian, Pope Francis_
2. [The Vatican  is replacing Italian Archbishop Carlo Maria Vigano,  the Apostolic Nuncio to the U.S., with French-born Archbishop Christophe Pierre, currently the Apostolic Nuncio to Mexico.  Vigano, who is 75, the statutory retirement age, in 2015 arranged the unexpected  meeting between   Pope Francis and controversial Kentucky clerk Kim Davis, who refused to follow her state's law on same-sex marriage. ](/news/2016/03/17/the-vatican-is-replacing-italian-archbishop-carlo-maria-vigana2-the-apostolic-nuncio-to-the-u-s-with-french-born-archbishop-christophe.md) _Context: Italian, Pope Francis_
3. [The Vatican denies an Italian newspaper report that Pope Francis has a benign brain tumour, saying the 78-year-old pontiff is in good health, and denounces the article as utterly reprehensible. ](/news/2015/10/21/the-vatican-denies-an-italian-newspaper-report-that-pope-francis-has-a-benign-brain-tumour-saying-the-78-year-old-pontiff-is-in-good-health.md) _Context: Italian, Pope Francis_
4. [Pope Francis visits the tiny Italian island of Lampedusa, holds a mass to pay tribute to the many immigrants who have drowned trying to reach Europe and condemns the "global indifference" to their plight. ](/news/2013/07/8/pope-francis-visits-the-tiny-italian-island-of-lampedusa-holds-a-mass-to-pay-tribute-to-the-many-immigrants-who-have-drowned-trying-to-reac.md) _Context: Italian, Pope Francis_
5. [As part of the Maundy Thursday service Pope Francis washes the feet of prisoners at a juvenile detention centre in Rome, Italy. ](/news/2013/03/28/as-part-of-the-maundy-thursday-service-pope-francis-washes-the-feet-of-prisoners-at-a-juvenile-detention-centre-in-rome-italy.md) _Context: Italian, Pope Francis_
6. [Pope Francis criticizes naming the U.S. military's biggest non-nuclear explosive as the Mother of All Bombs, saying that the word "mother" should not be used in reference to a deadly weapon. ](/news/2017/05/6/pope-francis-criticizes-naming-the-u-s-military-s-biggest-non-nuclear-explosive-as-the-mother-of-all-bombs-saying-that-the-word-mother-s.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
7. [The Holy See and Myanmar establish full diplomatic relations following a meeting between Pope Francis and Myanmar's State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-holy-see-and-myanmar-establish-full-diplomatic-relations-following-a-meeting-between-pope-francis-and-myanmar-s-state-counsellor-aung-sa.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
8. [An Italian prosecutor says there are "telephone calls" between people smugglers in Libya and some non-governmental organizations. Frontex, the European Border and Coast Guard Agency, says the practices amount to a "taxi service". One NGO says "more would die" if they were not there. ](/news/2017/04/23/an-italian-prosecutor-says-there-are-telephone-calls-between-people-smugglers-in-libya-and-some-non-governmental-organizations-frontex-t.md) _Context: Italian_
9. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
10. [Paraguayan President Horacio Cartes says he will not be a candidate in next year's presidential election regardless of Congress's action on  a constitutional  amendment that would allow second terms. Cartes adds his decision was informed by Pope Francis's call for peace and dialogue in Paraguay following protests against this change that turned violent two weeks ago.  ](/news/2017/04/17/paraguayan-president-horacio-cartes-says-he-will-not-be-a-candidate-in-next-year-s-presidential-election-regardless-of-congress-s-action-on.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
