### [2015-12-2](/news/2015/12/2/index.md)

# Brazil's lower house of Congress opens impeachment proceedings against President Dilma Rousseff over a corruption scandal involving the state-owned oil giant, Petrobras. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-latin-america-34990455)

### Related:

1. [Tens of thousands of Brazilians  protest in cities around the country  to demand that Congress impeach President Dilma Rousseff. The lower house of Congress opened impeachment proceedings on 2 December 2015. ](/news/2015/12/13/tens-of-thousands-of-brazilians-protest-in-cities-around-the-country-to-demand-that-congress-impeach-president-dilma-rousseff-the-lower-h.md) _Context: 2015 protests in Brazil, Brazil, Brazil's Chamber of Deputies, Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff_
2. [Marco Aurelio Mello, a Supreme Federal Court judge orders Brazil's Chamber of Deputies to start impeachment proceedings against Vice President Michel Temer over charges he helped doctor budget accounting as part of President Dilma Rousseff's administration. ](/news/2016/04/5/marco-aura-c-lio-mello-a-supreme-federal-court-judge-orders-brazil-s-chamber-of-deputies-to-start-impeachment-proceedings-against-vice-presid.md) _Context: Brazil, Brazil's Chamber of Deputies, Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff_
3. [A committee of Brazil's Chamber of Deputies votes 38-27 to recommend the impeachment of President Dilma Rousseff, who faces charges of breaking budget laws to support her re-election in 2014. ](/news/2016/04/11/a-committee-of-brazil-s-chamber-of-deputies-votes-38-27-to-recommend-the-impeachment-of-president-dilma-rousseff-who-faces-charges-of-break.md) _Context: Brazil, Brazil's Chamber of Deputies, Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff_
4. [Brazilian Supreme Court Justice Gilmar Mendes rules Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva should be stripped of a ministerial role in President Dilma Rousseff's Cabinet so he can be investigated in connection with the state oil company Petrobras's alleged  kickback scheme. Earlier today, injunctions suspending Lula's appointment  as chief of staff   were overturned at  Attorney General  Jose Eduardo Cardozo's request for a Supreme Court ruling on the motions. ](/news/2016/03/18/brazilian-supreme-court-justice-gilmar-mendes-rules-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-should-be-stripped-of-a-ministerial-role-in-president-dilma-r.md) _Context: Brazil, Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff, Petrobras_
5. [Large protests in Brazil call for the impeachment of President of Brazil Dilma Rousseff due to a scandal involving members of her Workers Party receiving kickbacks from the state run oil company Petrobras. ](/news/2015/04/12/large-protests-in-brazil-call-for-the-impeachment-of-president-of-brazil-dilma-rousseff-due-to-a-scandal-involving-members-of-her-workers-pa.md) _Context: 2015 protests in Brazil, Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff, Petrobras_
6. [Brazil's Superior Electoral Court reopens the illegal campaign funding case against President Michel Temer, who was the vice presidential candidate on former President Dilma Rousseff's ticket in 2014. Temer became president in August 2016 when Rousseff was impeached, and could be unseated if the court annuls the Rousseff-Temer election victory. ](/news/2017/06/6/brazil-s-superior-electoral-court-reopens-the-illegal-campaign-funding-case-against-president-michel-temer-who-was-the-vice-presidential-ca.md) _Context: Brazil, Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff_
7. [The Brazilian Supreme Federal Court releases a plea bargain testimony from JBS S.A., revealing that the company paid 500 million reais in bribes to politicians, including current President Michel Temer and his predecessors Dilma and Lula. ](/news/2017/05/19/the-brazilian-supreme-federal-court-releases-a-plea-bargain-testimony-from-jbs-s-a-revealing-that-the-company-paid-500-million-reais-in-br.md) _Context: Brazil, Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff_
8. [Brazil's Federal Senate begins the impeachment trial of suspended President Dilma Rousseff. ](/news/2016/08/25/brazil-s-federal-senate-begins-the-impeachment-trial-of-suspended-president-dilma-rousseff.md) _Context: Brazil, Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff_
9. [Brazil's Federal Senate votes 59 to 21 to indict suspended President Dilma Rousseff on charges of breaking budget laws and put her on trial. ](/news/2016/08/10/brazil-s-federal-senate-votes-59-to-21-to-indict-suspended-president-dilma-rousseff-on-charges-of-breaking-budget-laws-and-put-her-on-trial.md) _Context: Brazil, Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff_
10. [Acting on a request from Brazil's top prosecutor, Supreme Court Justice Teori Zavascki suspends President of the Deputies Chamber Eduardo Cunha for obstructing the Petrobras corruption investigation. The full court confirms this action, Cunha is eliminated from the line of succession to President Dilma Rousseff, who may be suspended from office next week. ](/news/2016/05/5/acting-on-a-request-from-brazil-s-top-prosecutor-supreme-court-justice-teori-zavascki-suspends-president-of-the-deputies-chamber-eduardo-cu.md) _Context: Brazil, Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff_
