### [2015-12-2](/news/2015/12/2/index.md)

# Hearings begin in the legal battle between the Japanese government and local officials in Okinawa over plans to move a U.S. military air base on the southern island. This fall, Okinawa Governor Takeshi Onaga revoked his predecessor-s authorization for a US Marine Corps air base. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/773b54b3013246018cb2f9d48778141a/hearings-begin-over-battle-moving-us-base-okinawa)
2. [Financial Times](http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/0fb37722-71a0-11e5-ad6d-f4ed76f0900a.html#axzz3t8tlx3YV)

### Related:

1. [Japan-United States relations: Okinawa Governor Takeshi Onaga says he "cannot comply with the recommendation" from Tokyo's Land Minister Keiichi Ishii, and will not retract his revocation of a U.S. military base relocation permit. ](/news/2015/11/6/japan-united-states-relations-okinawa-governor-takeshi-onaga-says-he-cannot-comply-with-the-recommendation-from-tokyo-s-land-minister-k.md) _Context: Okinawa, Takeshi Onaga_
2. [ The Government of Japan invalidates a decision by Takeshi Onaga, governor of Okinawa, to halt the expansion of a U.S. military base on the island. ](/news/2015/10/28/the-government-of-japan-invalidates-a-decision-by-takeshi-onaga-governor-of-okinawa-to-halt-the-expansion-of-a-u-s-military-base-on-the.md) _Context: Japanese government, Takeshi Onaga_
3. [Relocation of Marine Corps Air Station Futenma: Takeshi Onaga, the governor of the Japanese prefecture of Okinawa, revokes approval for work on the US Marine Corps Air Station Futenma. ](/news/2015/09/14/relocation-of-marine-corps-air-station-futenma-takeshi-onaga-the-governor-of-the-japanese-prefecture-of-okinawa-revokes-approval-for-work.md) _Context: Okinawa, Takeshi Onaga_
4. [Japan-United States relations: The United States military says it will shortly return 4,000 hectares of its Okinawa military installation, 17 percent of the area it controls, to the Japanese government. ](/news/2016/07/29/japan-united-states-relations-the-united-states-military-says-it-will-shortly-return-4-000-hectares-of-its-okinawa-military-installation.md) _Context: Okinawa_
5. [Okinawa prefectural election, 2016: Voters in Okinawa, Japan, go to the polls to elect the members of the next Okinawa Prefectural Assembly. The election results give the camp supporting Governor Takeshi Onaga a clear majority in the assembly. Onaga is opposed to the central government's plan to relocate MCAS Futenma to Henoko Bay in Nago. ](/news/2016/06/5/okinawa-prefectural-election-2016-voters-in-okinawa-japan-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-the-members-of-the-next-okinawa-prefectural-assembly.md) _Context: Takeshi Onaga_
6. [Japan-United States relations: Over 50,000 people protest in Okinawa capital Naha against U.S. military presence on the Japanese island, spurred on by last month's arrest of an U.S. Marine veteran, civilian contractor for the rape and killing of a 20-year-old local woman. ](/news/2016/06/19/japan-united-states-relations-over-50-000-people-protest-in-okinawa-capital-naha-against-u-s-military-presence-on-the-japanese-island-s.md) _Context: Okinawa_
7. [Whaling in Japan: Japan advises the International Whaling Commission that it plans to resume hunting minke whales for scientific research in the Antarctic Ocean by the end of March 2016. The United Nations' International Court of Justice (ICJ) ruled in March 2014 that Japan's decades-old whale hunt in the Antarctic should stop, prompting Tokyo to cancel the bulk of its whaling for the 2014/2015 season. ICJ decisions were binding and cannot be appealed. ](/news/2015/11/28/whaling-in-japan-japan-advises-the-international-whaling-commission-that-it-plans-to-resume-hunting-minke-whales-for-scientific-research-in.md) _Context: Japanese government_
8. [The Japanese government officially sues the governor of Okinawa, Takeshi Onaga, over his denial of permits to allow work to begin on the Relocation of Marine Corps Air Station Futenma. ](/news/2015/11/17/the-japanese-government-officially-sues-the-governor-of-okinawa-takeshi-onaga-over-his-denial-of-permits-to-allow-work-to-begin-on-the-rel.md) _Context: Takeshi Onaga_
9. [Japan-Philippines relations: Reuters reports Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Philippine President Benigno Aquino are set to agree on a deal paving the way for Tokyo to directly supply Manila with used military equipment. An announcement is expected this week during the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit in Manila. ](/news/2015/11/15/japan-philippines-relations-reuters-reports-japanese-prime-minister-shinza-abe-and-philippine-president-benigno-aquino-are-set-to-agree.md) _Context: Japanese government_
10. [Relocation of Marine Corps Air Station Futenma: The Governor of the Japanese prefecture of Okinawa, Takeshi Onaga, revokes permission given by a predecessor for landfill work to replace a United States Marine Corps base. ](/news/2015/10/13/relocation-of-marine-corps-air-station-futenma-the-governor-of-the-japanese-prefecture-of-okinawa-takeshi-onaga-revokes-permission-given.md) _Context: Takeshi Onaga_
