### [2015-12-2](/news/2015/12/2/index.md)

# Myanmar's democracy icon Aung San Suu Kyi discusses the smooth transfer of power to her National League for Democracy (NLD) party with President Thein Sein, their first public meeting since the November election. The new administration will be sworn in early next year. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/12/02/us-myanmar-politics-idUSKBN0TL08Q20151202#aERgAwJQPOGZASKS.97)

### Related:

1. [Myanmar president Thein Sein says his government and the military, which gave up power only five years ago, will respect the results of Sunday's historic elections that are expected to be won by opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi's NLD party. ](/news/2015/11/7/myanmar-president-thein-sein-says-his-government-and-the-military-which-gave-up-power-only-five-years-ago-will-respect-the-results-of-sund.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar general election, 2015, Myanmar's president's office, National League for Democracy, Thein Sein_
2. [Myanmar opposition leader and Nobel Laureate Aung San Suu Kyi says she would be "above the president" if her National League for Democracy party (NLD) gets the expected win in the Sunday, November 8, 2015, election. The 2008 constitution, drafted by the military without NLD participation, bars her from becoming President. ](/news/2015/11/5/myanmar-opposition-leader-and-nobel-laureate-aung-san-suu-kyi-says-she-would-be-above-the-president-if-her-national-league-for-democracy-p.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar, Myanmar general election, 2015, Myanmar's president's office, National League for Democracy_
3. [In Myanmar's capital Naypyidaw, Htin Kyaw is sworn in by House Speaker Mahn Win Khaing Than as the first civilian president in 54 years. Htin Kyaw, a close aide to Aung San Suu Kyi, takes power from former general Thein Sein. ](/news/2016/03/30/in-myanmar-s-capital-naypyidaw-htin-kyaw-is-sworn-in-by-house-speaker-mahn-win-khaing-than-as-the-first-civilian-president-in-54-years-hti.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar, Myanmar general election, 2015, Thein Sein_
4. [Voters in Myanmar head to the polls with the National League for Democracy, the party of Nobel Peace Prize-winner Aung San Suu Kyi, expected to win a majority of seats in Parliament and the ruling Union Solidarity and Development Party conceding defeat on Monday. Early indication is an 80 percent turnout of the more than 30 million people eligible to vote. ](/news/2015/11/8/voters-in-myanmar-head-to-the-polls-with-the-national-league-for-democracy-the-party-of-nobel-peace-prize-winner-aung-san-suu-kyi-expected.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar, Myanmar general election, 2015, National League for Democracy_
5. [With 45 percent of the Pyithu Hluttaw (House of Representatives) results announced from Sunday's election, Aung San Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy (NLD) moves closer to an absolute majority in the country's parliament, winning over 90 percent (135 of 149 seats) in the country's lower house. The NLD also has taken over 85 percent in the upper house and regional assemblies. The NLD needs to win more than two-thirds of seats that were contested in parliament to form Myanmar's first democratically elected government since the early 1960s. ](/news/2015/11/11/with-45-percent-of-the-pyithu-hluttaw-house-of-representatives-results-announced-from-sunday-s-election-aung-san-suu-kyi-s-national-leagu.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar, Myanmar general election, 2015, National League for Democracy_
6. [Major political parties in Myanmar hold a meeting about the upcoming Burmese general election, 2015 which included Thein Sein's Union Solidarity and Development Party and Aung San Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy. ](/news/2014/10/31/major-political-parties-in-myanmar-hold-a-meeting-about-the-upcoming-burmese-general-election-2015-which-included-thein-sein-s-union-solida.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar, National League for Democracy, Thein Sein_
7. [Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak leads a protest rally against the persecution of Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority in the predominately Buddhist country, and calls on Myanmar State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi and the United Nations to address the Rohingya's plight and end the violence. Myanmar's president's office said the rally is timed for Malaysian political purposes, and that Malaysia should respect the Association of Southeast Asian Nations's principle on sovereignty. ](/news/2016/12/4/malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-leads-a-protest-rally-against-the-persecution-of-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority-in-the-predominatel.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar, Myanmar's president's office_
8. [Myanmar's parliament approves Nobel Peace Prize laureate Aung San Suu Kyi and 17 other nominees to positions in the incoming government's cabinet. Which ministry each will head was not announced. ](/news/2016/03/24/myanmar-s-parliament-approves-nobel-peace-prize-laureate-aung-san-suu-kyi-and-17-other-nominees-to-positions-in-the-incoming-government-s-ca.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar, Myanmar general election, 2015_
9. [The Myanmar Assembly of the Union, or parliament, selects Htin Kyaw as the new President. Kyaw, a confidant of Aung San Suu Kyi, will be the first civilian president in decades. Suu Kyi, a Nobel Peace Prize recipient, is constitutionally barred from the office. ](/news/2016/03/15/the-myanmar-assembly-of-the-union-or-parliament-selects-htin-kyaw-as-the-new-president-kyaw-a-confidant-of-aung-san-suu-kyi-will-be-the.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar, Myanmar's president's office_
10. [The Assembly of the Union for Myanmar meets with Aung San Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy having the majority for the first time. ](/news/2016/02/1/the-assembly-of-the-union-for-myanmar-meets-with-aung-san-suu-kyi-s-national-league-for-democracy-having-the-majority-for-the-first-time.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar, National League for Democracy_
