### [2015-12-2](/news/2015/12/2/index.md)

# NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg announces the invitation sent to Montenegro to join the military alliance, 16 years after the country, as part of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, was bombed by the alliance in the Kosovo War. Montenegro's accession would result in "retaliatory actions", according to a spokesman for Russian President Vladimir Putin. 

Nato invites Montenegro to join the alliance, in its first expansion for six years - prompting Russia to warn that it will retaliate.


### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-34981973)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2015/12/02/europe/nato-montenegro-membership-invitation/index.html?sr=fbCNN120215nato-montenegro-membership-invitation0837AMStoryLink&linkId=19230502)

### Related:

1. [Following his meeting at Finnish  President Sauli Niinisto's residence, Russian President Vladimir Putin says that Russia would respect Finland's choice whether to join NATO, though as part of NATO's military infrastructure, Finnish Defence Forces would overnight be at the borders of the Russian Federation. Putin and Niinisto call for improved security in Baltic airspace where Russian and Western aircraft have had close encounters in recent months. ](/news/2016/07/1/following-his-meeting-at-finnish-president-sauli-niinistap-s-residence-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-that-russia-would-respect-fin.md) _Context: NATO, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
2. [NATO reopens informal talks with Russia for the first time in nearly two years. According to the Secretary General of NATO Jens Stoltenberg "NATO and Russia have profound and persistent disagreements, today's meeting did not change that." ](/news/2016/04/20/nato-reopens-informal-talks-with-russia-for-the-first-time-in-nearly-two-years-according-to-the-secretary-general-of-nato-jens-stoltenberg.md) _Context: Jens Stoltenberg, NATO, Russia_
3. [At the 52nd Munich Security Conference in Germany, NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg says that NATO and Russia are "not in a cold-war situation but also not in the partnership that we established at the end of the Cold War" while the Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev says tensions between Russia and NATO have sent the world spiralling into a "new Cold War", blaming U.S. and European leaders for the souring of relations with Russia. He also rejected accusations that Russian warplanes have bombed civilians in Syria, saying it is "just not true". ](/news/2016/02/13/at-the-52nd-munich-security-conference-in-germany-nato-secretary-general-jens-stoltenberg-says-that-nato-and-russia-are-not-in-a-cold-war.md) _Context: Jens Stoltenberg, NATO, Russia_
4. [Pro-Russian opposition parties protest against Montenegro's NATO membership, demanding a referendum on the issue. ](/news/2015/12/12/pro-russian-opposition-parties-protest-against-montenegro-s-nato-membership-demanding-a-referendum-on-the-issue.md) _Context: Montenegro, NATO, Russia_
5. [Thousands protest and clash with police in Montenegro's capital Podgorica, demanding the immediate resignation of Prime Minister Milo Dukanovic. Dukanovic has rejected calls to resign and has accused the opposition of trying to prevent the country's NATO membership, saying he is convinced Russia is behind the unrest. ](/news/2015/10/24/thousands-protest-and-clash-with-police-in-montenegro-s-capital-podgorica-demanding-the-immediate-resignation-of-prime-minister-milo-aukan.md) _Context: Montenegro, NATO, Russia_
6. [Russian President Vladimir Putin's personal envoy warns Finland against joining NATO. ](/news/2014/06/9/russian-president-vladimir-putin-s-personal-envoy-warns-finland-against-joining-nato.md) _Context: Enlargement of NATO, NATO, Vladimir Putin_
7. [ Kosovo War: Federal Republic of Yugoslavia and NATO sign a peace treaty.](/news/1999/06/9/kosovo-war-federal-republic-of-yugoslavia-and-nato-sign-a-peace-treaty.md) _Context: Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, Kosovo War, NATO_
8. [ Kosovo War: In Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, three Chinese embassy workers are killed and 20 wounded when a NATO aircraft mistakenly bombs the Chinese embassy in Belgrade.](/news/1999/05/7/kosovo-war-in-federal-republic-of-yugoslavia-three-chinese-embassy-workers-are-killed-and-20-wounded-when-a-nato-aircraft-mistakenly-bomb.md) _Context: Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, Kosovo War, NATO_
9. [Montenegro officially joins NATO as its 29th member at a ceremony in Washington, D.C. ](/news/2017/06/5/montenegro-officially-joins-nato-as-its-29th-member-at-a-ceremony-in-washington-d-c.md) _Context: Montenegro, NATO_
10. [The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping-up-sanctions-against-russia-and-against-iran-language-in-the-mea.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
