### [2015-12-2](/news/2015/12/2/index.md)

# Russia expands its military presence in Syria with an additional airbase that can accommodate fixed-winged military aircraft. The U.S. Department of Defense also confirms that Russia added S-400 surface-to-air missiles to its Syrian stockpile and armed its military aircraft with air-to-air missiles. According to Military Times, "A Pentagon spokesman expressed concern" these moves indicate Russia's commitment to aiding the embattled Assad regime as opposed to combating ISIL. No Syrian opposition groups including ISIL have combat-ready aircraft that require air-to-air missiles. 

Russia has expanded its military operations in Syria to include a second airbase as well as other posts, according to a U.S. official briefed on the latest intelligence from the region – even as President Obama expresses muted optimism that Russian President Vladimir Putin eventually will “shift” his strategy and work with the West.


### Source:

1. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2015/12/01/russia-adding-2nd-airbase-in-syria-pursuing-expansion-in-military-campaign.html)
2. [Military Times](http://www.militarytimes.com/story/military/pentagon/2015/11/30/new-russian-surface--air-missiles-syria-dod-confirms/76567120/)

### Related:

1. [  The Pentagon rejects a Russian proposal to stage joint airstrikes against Al-Qaeda linked groups in Syria. ](/news/2016/05/21/the-pentagon-rejects-a-russian-proposal-to-stage-joint-airstrikes-against-al-qaeda-linked-groups-in-syria.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War, The Pentagon_
2. [Russian airstrikes on a Al-Nusra Front (Al-Qaeda's branch in Syria)-run prison complex in the northern town of Maarrat al-Nu'man, Idlib, leaves nearly 60 people dead. Most of those killed were rebels imprisoned by Al-Nusra, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2016/01/9/russian-airstrikes-on-a-al-nusra-front-al-qaeda-s-branch-in-syria-run-prison-complex-in-the-northern-town-of-maarrat-al-nu-man-idlib-lea.md) _Context: Russia, Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
3. [The U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs reports that increased airstrikes by Russia have forced humanitarian assistance organizations to curtail their relief efforts, exacerbating the humanitarian crisis in northern Syria. ](/news/2015/12/15/the-u-n-office-for-the-coordination-of-humanitarian-affairs-reports-that-increased-airstrikes-by-russia-have-forced-humanitarian-assistance.md) _Context: Russia, Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Using social media, Russian investigative bloggers from the Conflict Intelligence Team photo-geolocate three Russian military personnel outside expected air support operations areas -- evidence of what the group says may be a broader Russian military role in Syria. ](/news/2015/11/9/using-social-media-russian-investigative-bloggers-from-the-conflict-intelligence-team-photo-geolocate-three-russian-military-personnel-outs.md) _Context: Russia, Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Russian airstrikes in Syria's coastal Latakia province have killed a top FSA commander, Basil Zamo, and several other rebel fighters. ](/news/2015/10/20/russian-airstrikes-in-syriaas-coastal-latakia-province-have-killed-a-top-fsa-commander-basil-zamo-and-several-other-rebel-fighters.md) _Context: Russia, Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Two shells hit the Russian embassy in Syria's capital Damascus, as hundreds of pro-government supporters rallied outside in support of Russian airstrikes. Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov described the shelling as "a terrorist act." ](/news/2015/10/13/two-shells-hit-the-russian-embassy-in-syria-s-capital-damascus-as-hundreds-of-pro-government-supporters-rallied-outside-in-support-of-russi.md) _Context: Russia, Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Russian President Vladimir Putin confirms that Russia is providing military aid in Syrian Civil War in support of the Bashar al-Assad regime and is providing heavy weapons, aircraft, tanks, serious training and logistical support to the Syrian Army. ](/news/2015/09/4/russian-president-vladimir-putin-confirms-that-russia-is-providing-military-aid-in-syrian-civil-war-in-support-of-the-bashar-al-assad-regime.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
8. [In talks held regarding the course of the Syrian Civil War, Russia and Saudi Arabia fail to reach agreement over cooperation in the fight against ISIL, with the Saudi representative refusing any common struggle with Assad's regime. ](/news/2015/08/11/in-talks-held-regarding-the-course-of-the-syrian-civil-war-russia-and-saudi-arabia-fail-to-reach-agreement-over-cooperation-in-the-fight-ag.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, ISIL, Russia, Syrian Civil War_
9. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states-calli.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Russia, Syrian Civil War_
