### [2015-12-2](/news/2015/12/2/index.md)

# Russia is reportedly constructing hundreds of buildings for military use on the disputed Kunashir and Iturup islands, also claimed by Japan, in the Sea of Okhotsk. The Russian Defence Ministry said the new military buildings would help "raise the combat readiness of troops on the eastern frontiers of Russia". 

Russia is constructing hundreds of military buildings on two of the disputed Kuril Islands, Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu has said.


### Source:

1. [The Japan Times](http://www.japantimes.co.jp/news/2015/12/02/national/politics-diplomacy/russia-expanding-military-presence-disputed-kuril-islands/#.Vl8KJL-oNFQ)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.japantimes.co.jp/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/n-russia-a-20151203-870x576.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Japan protests a visit by First Deputy Prime Minister of Russia, Igor Shuvalov, to the disputed Kunashiri and Etorofu islands. ](/news/2010/12/14/japan-protests-a-visit-by-first-deputy-prime-minister-of-russia-igor-shuvalov-to-the-disputed-kunashiri-and-etorofu-islands.md) _Context: Iturup, Japan, Kunashir, Russia, rival territorial claims_
2. [Russia announces it will deploy state-of-the art missile defense systems to the far eastern Kuril Islands where they and Japan have rival territorial claims dating to the end of the Second World War. Russian Defence Minister Sergey Shoygu also says that Russia will form new defence units in the country's Western Military District in response to NATO's recent deployment of forces to member states near its border. ](/news/2016/03/25/russia-announces-it-will-deploy-state-of-the-art-missile-defense-systems-to-the-far-eastern-kuril-islands-where-they-and-japan-have-rival-te.md) _Context: Japan, Ministry of Defence, Russia, rival territorial claims_
3. [Russian Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu announces Russia plans to build a new military base on the Kuril Islands, a group of Pacific islands it seized from Japan at the end of World War II. ](/news/2015/10/22/russian-defence-minister-sergei-shoigu-announces-russia-plans-to-build-a-new-military-base-on-the-kuril-islands-a-group-of-pacific-islands.md) _Context: Japan, Russia, rival territorial claims_
4. [Russia and Japan schedule a sub-cabinet level meeting for October in Tokyo to discuss the Kuril Islands dispute. ](/news/2012/09/26/russia-and-japan-schedule-a-sub-cabinet-level-meeting-for-october-in-tokyo-to-discuss-the-kuril-islands-dispute.md) _Context: Japan, Russia, rival territorial claims_
5. [The President of Russia Dmitry Medvedev visits Kunashiri, one of the southern Kuril Islands that are the subject of the Kuril Islands dispute between Russia and Japan. ](/news/2010/11/1/the-president-of-russia-dmitry-medvedev-visits-kunashiri-one-of-the-southern-kuril-islands-that-are-the-subject-of-the-kuril-islands-disput.md) _Context: Japan, Russia, rival territorial claims_
6. [The Russian Ministry of Defence says its forces may have killed ISIL's leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi in an airstrike, south of Raqqa on 28 May, and currently is seeking confirmation. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-russian-ministry-of-defence-says-its-forces-may-have-killed-isil-s-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-in-an-airstrike-south-of-raqqa-on-28-may.md) _Context: Ministry of Defence, Russia_
7. [A Russian Tu-154 military passenger airplane carrying 92 people including the Alexandrov Ensemble crashes into the Black Sea shortly after takeoff from Sochi. The airplane was headed towards Khmeimim, Syria. The Russian Armed Forces are actively involved in the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2016/12/25/a-russian-tu-154-military-passenger-airplane-carrying-92-people-including-the-alexandrov-ensemble-crashes-into-the-black-sea-shortly-after-t.md) _Context: Russia, Russian Armed Forces_
8. [Russian warships in the Mediterranean Sea fire cruise missiles at sites near Aleppo. The Russian Defense Ministry claims the strikes targeted the Islamist militant group Jabhat Fateh al-Sham. ](/news/2016/08/19/russian-warships-in-the-mediterranean-sea-fire-cruise-missiles-at-sites-near-aleppo-the-russian-defense-ministry-claims-the-strikes-targete.md) _Context: Ministry of Defence, Russia_
9. [A Russian Air Force Mi-24 helicopter crashes near Palmyra, Syria, while assisting Syrian Army forces in the area. Russia's Ministry of Defence confirms two Russian pilots, Riafa'at Habibulin and Yevgeny Dolgin, are killed. ](/news/2016/07/9/a-russian-air-force-mi-24-helicopter-crashes-near-palmyra-syria-while-assisting-syrian-army-forces-in-the-area-russia-s-ministry-of-defen.md) _Context: Ministry of Defence, Russia_
10. [Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu says Russia and Syria will open humanitarian corridors to Aleppo, and will provide a way for rebel fighters to lay down their arms. ](/news/2016/07/28/russian-defense-minister-sergei-shoigu-says-russia-and-syria-will-open-humanitarian-corridors-to-aleppo-and-will-provide-a-way-for-rebel-fi.md) _Context: Ministry of Defence, Russia_
