### [2015-12-2](/news/2015/12/2/index.md)

# Thai Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha orders officials to improve aviation safety standards after the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) downgraded Thailand's safety ratings. The lower rating is for failure to tackle commercial aviation standards shortcomings found in an audit this year. The European Aviation Safety Agency is due to announce the results of its own audit later in December. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/12/02/us-thailand-aviation-idUSKBN0TL0DP20151202#CB5eVwobjfu3B24E.97)
1. [Cover Image](http://s2.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20151202&t=2&i=1099195901&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXMPEBB105C)

### Related:

1. [Senior members of the Pheu Thai Party report former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra left Thailand last week ahead of the verdict in her negligence trial. She is in Dubai where her brother, Thaksin Shinawatra, lives. ](/news/2017/08/26/senior-members-of-the-pheu-thai-party-report-former-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-left-thailand-last-week-ahead-of-the-verdict-in-her-n.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Thailand_
2. [Thailand's Supreme Court issues an arrest warrant for former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra, who didn't appear in court for the verdict in her negligence trial regarding a rice subsidy program for farmers. The court also issued a statement questioning her attorney's report that she is unwell and a potential flight risk, citing the lack of a physician's certificate. The reading of the verdict has been rescheduled to September 27. Sources within Shinawatra's party Pheu Thai Party have said that she has allegedly fled the country, though not saying where to, in response current prime minister Prayuth Chan-ocha has ordered the border checkpoints to be closely monitored to prevent Shinawatra leaving the country if she has not already. ](/news/2017/08/25/thailand-s-supreme-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-former-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-who-didn-t-appear-in-court-for-the-verdict.md) _Context: Prayuth Chan-ocha, Prime Minister_
3. [The United States Federal Aviation Administration approves private startup company Moon Express landing a robotic craft on the Moon, according to the Mountain View, California, company. ](/news/2016/08/3/the-united-states-federal-aviation-administration-approves-private-startup-company-moon-express-landing-a-robotic-craft-on-the-moon-accordi.md) _Context: Federal Aviation Administration, U.S._
4. [The Military junta of Thailand gives the Royal Thai Armed Forces broad police-like powers. The military is now allowed to prevent or suppress over 27 types of offenses. The move created an outcry from human rights organizations and prompted the United States to express its concern over the growing influence of the military in the country. ](/news/2016/04/5/the-military-junta-of-thailand-gives-the-royal-thai-armed-forces-broad-police-like-powers-the-military-is-now-allowed-to-prevent-or-suppres.md) _Context: Thailand, U.S._
5. [The United States State Department criticizes Thailand for deporting ethnic Uyghur back to China. The predominantly Uyghur Xinjiang province is the site of an ongoing political and religious crackdown in response to a wave of Muslim terrorist attacks in China. ](/news/2015/07/10/the-united-states-state-department-criticizes-thailand-for-deporting-ethnic-uyghur-back-to-china-the-predominantly-uyghur-xinjiang-province.md) _Context: Thailand, U.S._
6. [Thailand will allow the United States to fly surveillance planes through their airspace, allowing the United States to identify boats carrying refugees. ](/news/2015/05/29/thailand-will-allow-the-united-states-to-fly-surveillance-planes-through-their-airspace-allowing-the-united-states-to-identify-boats-carryi.md) _Context: Thailand, U.S._
7. [The National Assembly of Thailand elects coup leader General Prayuth Chan-ocha as Prime Minister. ](/news/2014/08/21/the-national-assembly-of-thailand-elects-coup-leader-general-prayuth-chan-ocha-as-prime-minister.md) _Context: Prayuth Chan-ocha, Prime Minister_
8. [The United States Federal Aviation Administration lifts its ban on aircraft travelling to and from Israel imposed due to concerns about Hamas rockets. ](/news/2014/07/24/the-united-states-federal-aviation-administration-lifts-its-ban-on-aircraft-travelling-to-and-from-israel-imposed-due-to-concerns-about-hama.md) _Context: Federal Aviation Administration, U.S._
9. [Thailand's National Anti-Corruption Commission refers former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra to face impeachment charges in the Senate over a failed rice subsidy scheme. ](/news/2014/05/8/thailand-s-national-anti-corruption-commission-refers-former-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-to-face-impeachment-charges-in-the-senate-ov.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Thailand_
10. [Royal Thai Army chief and coup leader General Prayuth Chan-ocha detains former Prime Minister of Thailand Yingluck Shinawatra after summoning her for talks a day after the coup. ](/news/2014/05/23/royal-thai-army-chief-and-coup-leader-general-prayuth-chan-ocha-detains-former-prime-minister-of-thailand-yingluck-shinawatra-after-summonin.md) _Context: Prayuth Chan-ocha, Prime Minister_
