### [2015-12-2](/news/2015/12/2/index.md)

# Yemeni Civil War (2015): Al-Qaeda insurgency in Yemen: Al-Qaeda militants seize control of Zinjibar, capital of Yemen's southern Abyan Governorate, as well as the town of Ja'ar, following fierce clashes with pro-Hadi government forces. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2015/12/02/us/al-qaeda-yemen/)

### Related:

1. [Yemeni Civil War: About 40 suspected Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula fighters are killed as Yemeni forces, aided by Saudi-led airstrikes, fight their way into Zinjibar and Ja'ar in eastern Yemen. ](/news/2016/08/14/yemeni-civil-war-about-40-suspected-al-qaeda-in-the-arabian-peninsula-fighters-are-killed-as-yemeni-forces-aided-by-saudi-led-airstrikes.md) _Context: Ja'ar, Zinjibar, al-Qaida_
2. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): Al-Qaeda militants take control of the southern Yemeni town of Ahwar in the Abyan Governorate. ](/news/2016/02/20/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-al-qaeda-militants-take-control-of-the-southern-yemeni-town-of-ahwar-in-the-abyan-governorate.md) _Context: Abyan Governorate, Yemen, al-Qaida_
3. [Al-Qaeda insurgency in Yemen: Drone strikes in Yemen: A U.S. drone strike on a vehicle in Yemen's Shabwah Governorate kills three suspected Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) militants. ](/news/2016/01/16/al-qaeda-insurgency-in-yemen-drone-strikes-in-yemen-a-u-s-drone-strike-on-a-vehicle-in-yemen-s-shabwah-governorate-kills-three-suspected.md) _Context: Al-Qaeda insurgency in Yemen, Yemen, al-Qaida_
4. [Yemeni Civil War (2015): Pro-Hadi government forces backed by Arab coalition air and naval forces, seize control of the Hanish Islands off the coast of Yemen, near the strategic Bab-el-Mandeb strait from troops loyal to former president Ali Abdullah Saleh. The islands have been subject to heavy shelling by coalition forces for weeks according to local fishermen. ](/news/2015/12/10/yemeni-civil-war-2015-pro-hadi-government-forces-backed-by-arab-coalition-air-and-naval-forces-seize-control-of-the-hanish-islands-off-t.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
5. [Yemeni Civil War (2015): Two attacks on security checkpoints by ISIS militants in Yemen's historic Shibam town and Al Qatn District in the central Hadhramaut Governorate leave at least 15 pro-Hadi government soldiers dead. ](/news/2015/11/20/yemeni-civil-war-2015-two-attacks-on-security-checkpoints-by-isis-militants-in-yemen-s-historic-shibam-town-and-al-qatn-district-in-the-c.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
6. [Yemeni Civil War (2015), Al-Qaeda insurgency in Yemen: Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: A drone strike kills four suspected Al-Qaeda militants in northern Yemen. ](/news/2015/09/12/yemeni-civil-war-2015-al-qaeda-insurgency-in-yemen-saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-a-drone-strike-kills-four-suspected-al-qaeda.md) _Context: Al-Qaeda insurgency in Yemen, Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
7. [Yemeni Civil War (2015): Saudi-led military intervention in Yemen (2015-present): Roughly 1,500 United Arab Emirates Army troops deploy with tanks and heavy equipment to the strategic southern Yemeni city of Aden which has been the scene of heavy fighting between Houthi militants and fighters loyal to the previous regime of Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi. Previous attempts by the Saudi Arabian Army and Royal Saudi Air Force to defeat the Houthis were unsuccessful. ](/news/2015/08/4/yemeni-civil-war-2015-saudi-led-military-intervention-in-yemen-2015-present-roughly-1-500-united-arab-emirates-army-troops-deploy-with.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
8. [al-Qaeda insurgency in Yemen: A US drone strike kills five Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula operatives including Shawki al-Badani and Nabil al-Dahab, leader of Ansar al-Sharia in Yemen's Al Bayda Governorate. ](/news/2014/11/5/al-qaeda-insurgency-in-yemen-a-us-drone-strike-kills-five-al-qaeda-in-the-arabian-peninsula-operatives-including-shawki-al-badani-and-nabil.md) _Context: Al-Qaeda insurgency in Yemen, Yemen, al-Qaida_
9. [Al-Qaeda insurgency in Yemen:: Two al-Qaeda fighters and two pro-government militiamen are killed in clashes in Jaar, Yemen. ](/news/2013/03/22/al-qaeda-insurgency-in-yemen-two-al-qaeda-fighters-and-two-pro-government-militiamen-are-killed-in-clashes-in-jaar-yemen.md) _Context: Al-Qaeda insurgency in Yemen, Ja'ar, Yemen_
10. [Al-Qaeda insurgency in Yemen:: Six AQAP militants and two Yemeni soldiers are killed after clashes near a damaged oil pipeline in Ma'rib Governorate. Separately, gunmen target military officials and the home of the transport minister in the capital Sana'a, killing a brigadier general and injuring four others. ](/news/2012/12/25/al-qaeda-insurgency-in-yemen-six-aqap-militants-and-two-yemeni-soldiers-are-killed-after-clashes-near-a-damaged-oil-pipeline-in-ma-rib-gov.md) _Context: Al-Qaeda insurgency in Yemen, Yemen, al-Qaida_
