### [2015-12-2](/news/2015/12/2/index.md)

# Yemeni Prime Minister Khaled Bahah rejects a cabinet reshuffle ordered  by President Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, another sign of the deepening rift between the two leaders. These problems started in March after the president appointed the minister of health  as acting foreign minister  without consulting the prime minister. 

Yemeni Prime Minister Khaled Bahah rejected a cabinet reshuffle ordered on Tuesday by President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi, a senior government official said, another sign of the deepening rift between the two leaders.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/12/02/us-yemen-security-government-idUSKBN0TK4T520151202#esf0tKTQ5p2ojufk.97)

### Related:

1. [Yemeni President Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi sacks Prime Minister and Vice President of Yemen Khaled Mahfoudh Bahah. Hadi named top general Ali Mohsen al-Ahmar as his new Vice President and appointed Ahmed Obeid bin Daghr, a former official in Saleh's General People's Congress as the new Prime Minister. ](/news/2016/04/3/yemeni-president-abd-rabbuh-mansur-hadi-sacks-prime-minister-and-vice-president-of-yemen-khaled-mahfoudh-bahah-hadi-named-top-general-ali-m.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Prime Minister, Yemeni President_
2. [A hotel where Vice President of Yemen and Prime Minister Khaled Bahah was staying in Aden which was also being used as a de facto military base by Arab coalition forces is hit by multiple explosions killing at least 15 coalition soldiers. Although the Houthis were first suspected and accused of being behind the attack, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant has since claimed responsibility, marking the first attack on Arab coalition forces in Yemen by the extremist group. ](/news/2015/10/6/a-hotel-where-vice-president-of-yemen-and-prime-minister-khaled-bahah-was-staying-in-aden-which-was-also-being-used-as-a-de-facto-military-b.md) _Context: Khaled Bahah, Prime Minister, Yemen_
3. [Members of exiled President of Yemen Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi's Cabinet tour the southern city of Aden for the first time in several months. ](/news/2015/07/16/members-of-exiled-president-of-yemen-abd-rabbuh-mansur-hadi-s-cabinet-tour-the-southern-city-of-aden-for-the-first-time-in-several-months.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Yemen, Yemeni President_
4. [  At least 69  people are killed and 25 injured in fighting between the Houthis and government forces loyal to Yemeni President Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi. ](/news/2016/05/29/at-least-69-people-are-killed-and-25-injured-in-fighting-between-the-houthis-and-government-forces-loyal-to-yemeni-president-abd-rabbuh-m.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Yemeni President_
5. [Al-Qaeda militants seize control of Zinjibar, capital of Yemen's southern Abyan Governorate, as well as the town of Ja'ar, following fierce clashes with pro-Hadi government forces. ](/news/2015/12/2/al-qaeda-militants-seize-control-of-zinjibar-capital-of-yemen-s-southern-abyan-governorate-as-well-as-the-town-of-jae-ar-following-fierc.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Yemen_
6. [Pro-Hadi government forces backed by Arab coalition air and naval forces, seize control of the Hanish Islands off the coast of Yemen, near the strategic Bab-el-Mandeb strait from troops loyal to former president Ali Abdullah Saleh. The islands have been subject to heavy shelling by coalition forces for weeks according to local fishermen. ](/news/2015/12/10/pro-hadi-government-forces-backed-by-arab-coalition-air-and-naval-forces-seize-control-of-the-hanish-islands-off-the-coast-of-yemen-near-t.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Yemen_
7. [Houthi militants blow up several bridges in Yemen's southwestern Taiz Governorate to halt the advance of pro-Hadi government forces. ](/news/2015/11/24/houthi-militants-blow-up-several-bridges-in-yemen-s-southwestern-taiz-governorate-to-halt-the-advance-of-pro-hadi-government-forces.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Yemen_
8. [Two attacks on security checkpoints by ISIS militants in Yemen's historic Shibam town and Al Qatn District in the central Hadhramaut Governorate leave at least 15 pro-Hadi government soldiers dead. ](/news/2015/11/20/two-attacks-on-security-checkpoints-by-isis-militants-in-yemen-s-historic-shibam-town-and-al-qatn-district-in-the-central-hadhramaut-governo.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Yemen_
9. [At least 50 people are killed, including seven civilians, in heavy fighting between Houthi rebels and forces loyal to ousted President Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi near the city of Taiz. ](/news/2015/10/26/at-least-50-people-are-killed-including-seven-civilians-in-heavy-fighting-between-houthi-rebels-and-forces-loyal-to-ousted-president-abd-r.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Yemeni President_
10. [Roughly 1,500 United Arab Emirates Army troops deploy with tanks and heavy equipment to the strategic southern Yemeni city of Aden which has been the scene of heavy fighting between Houthi militants and fighters loyal to the previous regime of Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi. Previous attempts by the Saudi Arabian Army and Royal Saudi Air Force to defeat the Houthis were unsuccessful. ](/news/2015/08/4/roughly-1-500-united-arab-emirates-army-troops-deploy-with-tanks-and-heavy-equipment-to-the-strategic-southern-yemeni-city-of-aden-which-has.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Yemen_
