### [2006-11-30](/news/2006/11/30/index.md)

#  Nicolas Sarkozy, the French Interior Minister, announces plans to run as a candidate for the French Presidency in elections in April 2007. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/6157495.stm)

### Related:

1. [ French presidential election: Nicolas Sarkozy resigns as Interior Minister to concentrate on his presidential candidacy. ](/news/2007/03/26/french-presidential-election-nicolas-sarkozy-resigns-as-interior-minister-to-concentrate-on-his-presidential-candidacy.md) _Context: 2007 presidential election, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France, minister of the interior_
2. [ The Union for a Popular Movement nominates Nicolas Sarkozy as its candidate to become the next President of France in the 2007 French presidential election. ](/news/2007/01/14/the-union-for-a-popular-movement-nominates-nicolas-sarkozy-as-its-candidate-to-become-the-next-president-of-france-in-the-2007-french-presi.md) _Context: 2007 presidential election, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
3. [President of France Emmanuel Macron nominates the full Edouard Philippe government. Jean-Yves Le Drian becomes foreign minister, Sylvie Goulard defence minister, Bruno Le Maire minister of economy, and Gerard Collomb minister of the interior. ](/news/2017/05/17/president-of-france-emmanuel-macron-nominates-the-full-adouard-philippe-government-jean-yves-le-drian-becomes-foreign-minister-sylvie-gou.md) _Context: President of France, minister of the interior_
4. [Former President of France Nicolas Sarkozy is ordered to stand trial for alleged campaign finance fraud during his failed 2012 presidential election campaign. ](/news/2017/02/7/former-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-is-ordered-to-stand-trial-for-alleged-campaign-finance-fraud-during-his-failed-2012-presidential.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
5. [French presidential election, 2017: The Republicans (France) presidential primary, 2016: Former President of France Nicolas Sarkozy officially declares his candidacy for president in 2017. ](/news/2016/08/22/french-presidential-election-2017-the-republicans-france-presidential-primary-2016-former-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-official.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
6. [French presidential election, 2017: Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy resigns as leader of The Republicans party and announces his candidacy for President again. ](/news/2016/07/3/french-presidential-election-2017-former-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-resigns-as-leader-of-the-republicans-party-and-announces-his-can.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
7. [France-Russia relations: International sanctions during the Ukrainian crisis: France's National Assembly votes to adopt a non-binding resolution to lift European Union sanctions against Russia, applied after Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014. Former President Nicolas Sarkozy's Republicans, as well as center-right and far-left groups voted in favor of lifting the sanctions, while the ruling Socialist Party and The Greens voted against the resolution. ](/news/2016/04/28/france-russia-relations-international-sanctions-during-the-ukrainian-crisis-france-s-national-assembly-votes-to-adopt-a-non-binding-reso.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
8. [French regional elections, 2015: With most of the votes counted, the opposition conservatives of former president Nicolas Sarkozy's party win in six of the country-s 13 regions and lead in the Paris region. The ruling Socialists of President Francois Hollande's party capture five regions. The winner in Corsica is not affiliated with a major party. France's far-right National Front (FN) fails to win a single region but did record its best showing in its history. Voter turnout was 58 percent. Definitive results are expected Monday. ](/news/2015/12/13/french-regional-elections-2015-with-most-of-the-votes-counted-the-opposition-conservatives-of-former-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-party-wi.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
9. [The President of France Francois Hollande warns that France "will not tolerate" acts that threaten its security following claims by Wikileaks that the United States spied on him and his two predecessors Nicolas Sarkozy and Jacques Chirac between 2006 and 2012. ](/news/2015/06/24/the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-warns-that-france-will-not-tolerate-acts-that-threaten-its-security-following-claims-by-wikilea.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
10. [French departmental elections, 2015: Voters in France go to the polls for local government elections with initial polling suggesting favorable results for former President Nicolas Sarkozy's UMP. ](/news/2015/03/29/french-departmental-elections-2015-voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-for-local-government-elections-with-initial-polling-suggesting-favorab.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
