### [2003-11-9](/news/2003/11/9/index.md)

#  Coca-Cola sends some of its most senior executives to Dublin to discuss a spreading student boycott of Coca Cola products. Students in University College Dublin, Trinity College Dublin, National University of Ireland, Maynooth and Queens University Belfast announced their boycott amid allegations of ill-treatment of Colombian workers who bottle the company's drinks for sale in Latin America.




### Related:

1. [Colombia becomes the fourth state in Latin America to legalize same-sex marriage. ](/news/2016/04/28/colombia-becomes-the-fourth-state-in-latin-america-to-legalize-same-sex-marriage.md) _Context: Colombia, Latin America_
2. [ U.S. President George W. Bush departs on a tour of Latin America that will take him to Brazil, Uruguay, Colombia, Guatemala and Mexico. Upon arrival in SGBPo Paulo he is greeted with protest demonstrations. ](/news/2007/03/8/u-s-president-george-w-bush-departs-on-a-tour-of-latin-america-that-will-take-him-to-brazil-uruguay-colombia-guatemala-and-mexico-upo.md) _Context: Colombia, Latin America_
3. [Pope Francis arrives in Colombia for a five-day visit. In early 2016, Francis promised he would visit the South American country once a civil war peace agreement was in place. ](/news/2017/09/6/pope-francis-arrives-in-colombia-for-a-five-day-visit-in-early-2016-francis-promised-he-would-visit-the-south-american-country-once-a-civi.md) _Context: Colombia_
4. [Venezuela's National Commission of Telecommunications (Conatel) takes Colombian television channels Caracol Television and RCN Television off air due to their coverage of the 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis. ](/news/2017/08/24/venezuela-s-national-commission-of-telecommunications-conatel-takes-colombian-television-channels-caracol-televisia3n-and-rcn-televisia3n.md) _Context: Colombia_
5. [Bank of America chooses Dublin as its European hub. ](/news/2017/07/22/bank-of-america-chooses-dublin-as-its-european-hub.md) _Context: Dublin_
6. [A 3 year-old boy is stabbed to death in an incident in the Poddle Park area of Kimmage in Dublin, Ireland. The child's mother, believed to be an Iranian national, is being treated for knife wounds in hospital. ](/news/2017/07/10/a-3-year-old-boy-is-stabbed-to-death-in-an-incident-in-the-poddle-park-area-of-kimmage-in-dublin-ireland-the-child-s-mother-believed-to-b.md) _Context: Dublin_
7. [At least nine people are killed and about 30 others are missing after their multi-story tourist boat, carrying about 170 people, sinks in a reservoir in northwest Colombia near Medellin. ](/news/2017/06/25/at-least-nine-people-are-killed-and-about-30-others-are-missing-after-their-multi-story-tourist-boat-carrying-about-170-people-sinks-in-a.md) _Context: Colombia_
8. [The number of people displaced globally totals 65.6 million after an addition of 10.3 million people displaced in 2016. Syria, Colombia, Afghanistan, Iraq and South Sudan are the countries in the top five. ](/news/2017/06/19/the-number-of-people-displaced-globally-totals-65-6-million-after-an-addition-of-10-3-million-people-displaced-in-2016-syria-colombia-afg.md) _Context: Colombia_
9. [A suspected terrorist bomb explosion in an Andino shopping mall's ladies room in Bogota, Colombia, kills three women and injures at least 11. ](/news/2017/06/17/a-suspected-terrorist-bomb-explosion-in-an-andino-shopping-mall-s-ladies-room-in-bogota-colombia-kills-three-women-and-injures-at-least-1.md) _Context: Colombia_
10. [Venezuelan authorities report 12 people were killed overnight in the capital Caracas, mostly in the El Valle working class neighborhood where 54 people, including newborn babies, were forced to evacuate a maternity hospital. Others have fled to Colombia. This death toll during the three weeks of anti-government protests is 20. ](/news/2017/04/21/venezuelan-authorities-report-12-people-were-killed-overnight-in-the-capital-caracas-mostly-in-the-el-valle-working-class-neighborhood-wher.md) _Context: Colombia_
