### [2003-11-9](/news/2003/11/9/index.md)

#  Guatemalan election: Large numbers of voters turn out for the general election, despite fears of violence. In the presidential race, former Guatemala City mayor scar Berger receives 34% of the vote, and center-left candidate lvaro Colom gets 26%; former dictator Efran Ros Montt comes in third in with 19%. A run-off vote between Berger and Colom is to take place on December 28.




### Related:

1. [Guatemala election, 2003. scar Berger wins the second round of the presidential election with a 54% share of the vote.](/news/2003/12/28/guatemala-election-2003-oscar-berger-wins-the-second-round-of-the-presidential-election-with-a-54-share-of-the-vote.md) _Context: Guatemala election, 2003, scar Berger_
2. [Guatemalan Gustavo Alejos Cambara, once private secretary to former President Alvaro Colom, turns himself in to authorities on charges related to government medicine procurement corruption. ](/news/2015/12/28/guatemalan-gustavo-alejos-cambara-once-private-secretary-to-former-president-alvaro-colom-turns-himself-in-to-authorities-on-charges-rela.md) _Context: Alvaro Colom_
3. [Guatemala arrests 11 in a public hospital, medicine-buying kickback scheme. Two others remain at large, including Gustavo Alejos Cambara, the former private secretary to ex-President Alvaro Colom. A U.N. commission set up to tackle criminal networks in Guatemala participated in the investigation. ](/news/2015/10/27/guatemala-arrests-11-in-a-public-hospital-medicine-buying-kickback-scheme-two-others-remain-at-large-including-gustavo-alejos-cambara-th.md) _Context: Alvaro Colom_
4. [A Guatemala court finds former military leader Efran Ros Montt guilty of genocide and crimes against humanity and sentences him to 80 years in prison. ](/news/2013/05/10/a-guatemala-court-finds-former-military-leader-efrain-rios-montt-guilty-of-genocide-and-crimes-against-humanity-and-sentences-him-to-80-year.md) _Context: Efran Ros Montt_
5. [The President of Guatemala, Alvaro Colom, claims that Hugo Alvaro Gomez Vasquez, who has been arrested in relation to the killing of 27 cattle ranch workers, is a leader of the Los Zetas drug cartel in the country. ](/news/2011/05/18/the-president-of-guatemala-alvaro-colom-claims-that-hugo-alvaro-gomez-vasquez-who-has-been-arrested-in-relation-to-the-killing-of-27-catt.md) _Context: Alvaro Colom_
6. [The President of Guatemala Alvaro Colom and his wife Sandra Torres file for divorce so that she can stand in the presidential election. ](/news/2011/03/21/the-president-of-guatemala-alvaro-colom-and-his-wife-sandra-torres-file-for-divorce-so-that-she-can-stand-in-the-presidential-election.md) _Context: Alvaro Colom_
7. [The President of Guatemala Alvaro Colom declares a state of emergency after weeks of heavy rain results in landslides with at least 21 people dead. ](/news/2010/09/4/the-president-of-guatemala-alvaro-colom-declares-a-state-of-emergency-after-weeks-of-heavy-rain-results-in-landslides-with-at-least-21-peopl.md) _Context: Alvaro Colom_
8. [A United Nations investigation clears Guatemalan President Alvaro Colom in the murder of lawyer Rodrigo Rosenberg Marzano, and rules that Rosenberg plotted his own murder. ](/news/2010/01/12/a-united-nations-investigation-clears-guatemalan-president-alvaro-colom-in-the-murder-of-lawyer-rodrigo-rosenberg-marzano-and-rules-that-r.md) _Context: Alvaro Colom_
9. [ Demonstrators demand that Guatemalan President Alvaro Colom resign for allegedly killing Rodrigo Rosenberg. ](/news/2009/05/17/demonstrators-demand-that-guatemalan-president-alvaro-colom-resign-for-allegedly-killing-rodrigo-rosenberg.md) _Context: Alvaro Colom_
10. [ Demonstrators demand the resignation of Guatemalan President Alvaro Colom. ](/news/2009/05/15/demonstrators-demand-the-resignation-of-guatemalan-president-alvaro-colom.md) _Context: Alvaro Colom_
