### [2003-11-9](/news/2003/11/9/index.md)

#  Japan general election: Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi wins the election in Japan but with a reduced majority. The opposition Democratic Party is projected to win almost 180 seats which for the first time will take them into the position of forming a credible opposition. Other small parties like Japan Communist Party loses seats significantly, making two-party system realistic in politics of Japan.




### Related:

1. [ Politics of Japan: The Diet of Japan names Junichiro Koizumi Prime Minister in a short special session.](/news/2003/11/19/politics-of-japan-the-diet-of-japan-names-junichiro-koizumi-prime-minister-in-a-short-special-session.md) _Context: Junichiro Koizumi, Politics of Japan_
2. [Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo Abe appoints Taro Kono as Foreign Minister. ](/news/2017/08/3/prime-minister-of-japan-shinza-abe-appoints-tara-kano-as-foreign-minister.md) _Context: Politics of Japan_
3. [The National Diet of Japan passes legislation allowing Emperor Akihito to abdicate. The abdication is to take place within three years. ](/news/2017/06/9/the-national-diet-of-japan-passes-legislation-allowing-emperor-akihito-to-abdicate-the-abdication-is-to-take-place-within-three-years.md) _Context: Politics of Japan_
4. [Spain's King Felipe VI announces an unprecedented, repeat parliamentary election for June 26, 2016, since none of the country's political parties has been able to form a government. The prior election, which was held on December 20, 2015, resulted in a hung parliament. Previously, Spain had been ruled via a two-party system. ](/news/2016/04/26/spain-s-king-felipe-vi-announces-an-unprecedented-repeat-parliamentary-election-for-june-26-2016-since-none-of-the-country-s-political-pa.md) _Context: two-party system_
5. [ Japan expresses remorse for its actions in World War II on the anniversary of its 1945 defeat, but former Prime Ministers Junichiro Koizumi and Shinzo Abe visit the Yasukuni Shrine, a controversial war shrine seen as a symbol of its past militarism. ](/news/2009/08/15/japan-expresses-remorse-for-its-actions-in-world-war-ii-on-the-anniversary-of-its-1945-defeat-but-former-prime-ministers-junichiro-koizumi.md) _Context: Junichiro Koizumi_
6. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Former Republican candidate Ron Paul endorses third-party candidates Chuck Baldwin, Bob Barr, Cynthia McKinney and Ralph Nader, calling the two-party system a "charade.](/news/2008/09/10/united-states-presidential-election-2008-former-republican-candidate-ron-paul-endorses-third-party-candidates-chuck-baldwin-bob-barr-cy.md) _Context: two-party system_
7. [ Illinois Senator Barack Obama wins the Democratic Party presumptive nomination, becoming the first African American to be nominated by a major party. ](/news/2008/06/3/illinois-senator-barack-obama-wins-the-democratic-party-presumptive-nomination-becoming-the-first-african-american-to-be-nominated-by-a-ma.md) _Context: two-party system_
8. [ Shinzo Abe is elected as party leader of the Liberal Democratic Party in Japan, replacing the current Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi. He will likely be elected as the new prime minister on 30 September 2006. ](/news/2006/09/20/shinzo-abe-is-elected-as-party-leader-of-the-liberal-democratic-party-in-japan-replacing-the-current-prime-minister-junichiro-koizumi-he.md) _Context: Junichiro Koizumi_
9. [ Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi visits the Yasukuni Shrine, drawing many protests from around the region. ](/news/2006/08/15/japanese-prime-minister-junichiro-koizumi-visits-the-yasukuni-shrine-drawing-many-protests-from-around-the-region.md) _Context: Junichiro Koizumi_
10. [ Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi announces plans to withdraw his country's troops from Iraq. The 600 soldiers had been deployed to Iraq in 2004 to aid in reconstruction and sparked controversy in Japan, as it was the most ambitious overseas deployment by Japan since World War II. ](/news/2006/06/20/japanese-prime-minister-junichiro-koizumi-announces-plans-to-withdraw-his-country-s-troops-from-iraq-the-600-soldiers-had-been-deployed-to.md) _Context: Junichiro Koizumi_
