### [2010-10-19](/news/2010/10/19/index.md)

# A British court finds Saudi Prince Abdulaziz bin Nasser al Saud guilty of murdering his servant in a hotel. 

UK court finds Prince Saud Abdulaziz bin Nasser al Saud guilty of murdering servant in London hotel.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/europe/2010/10/20101019143314806560.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-london-11571822)

### Related:

1. [The United States and the United Kingdom call for, "within hours," an immediate and unconditional ceasefire in Yemen to end the violence following last week's Saudi airstrikes, based on bad information, that killed around 140 people. ](/news/2016/10/16/the-united-states-and-the-united-kingdom-call-for-within-hours-an-immediate-and-unconditional-ceasefire-in-yemen-to-end-the-violence-fol.md) _Context: Britain, Saudi Arabia_
2. [The European Parliament adopts a resolution calling for the introduction of an arms embargo against Saudi Arabia, saying the United Kingdom, France and other EU governments should no longer sell weapons to a country accused of targeting civilians in Yemen. ](/news/2016/02/25/the-european-parliament-adopts-a-resolution-calling-for-the-introduction-of-an-arms-embargo-against-saudi-arabia-saying-the-united-kingdom.md) _Context: Britain, Saudi Arabia_
3. [British Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond says 74-year old Karl Andree, who was facing 350 lashes in Saudi Arabia after being caught with homemade wine in his car, will be released within a week. ](/news/2015/10/29/british-foreign-secretary-philip-hammond-says-74-year-old-karl-andree-who-was-facing-350-lashes-in-saudi-arabia-after-being-caught-with-hom.md) _Context: Britain, Saudi Arabia_
4. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of  talks  over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan,  the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saud.md) _Context: Britain, Saudi Arabia_
5. [Saudi Arabian ambassador to the United Kingdom Prince Mohammed bin Nawaf bin Abdulaziz, in an op-ed piece in the ''The Daily Telegraph'', warns of "potentially serious repercussions" for the two countries' relationship unless a more respectful discourse developed.  At issue is London's withdrawal from a PS5.9m (US$9.1m) prison deal with Saudi Arabia which has been linked to London's concerns about a death penalty case and a case involving Karl Andree, a 74-year-old Briton who faces 350 lashes. Today, the Saudi Supreme Court confirmed Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr's death sentence. ](/news/2015/10/26/saudi-arabian-ambassador-to-the-united-kingdom-prince-mohammed-bin-nawaf-bin-abdulaziz-in-an-op-ed-piece-in-the-the-daily-telegraph-wa.md) _Context: Britain, Saudi Arabia_
6. [Houthi rebels release six foreign hostages; three Americans, two Saudis, and a Briton. ](/news/2015/09/20/houthi-rebels-release-six-foreign-hostages-three-americans-two-saudis-and-a-briton.md) _Context: Britain, Saudi Arabia_
7. [The United Kingdom announces it is withdrawing from the 1964 London Fisheries Convention, which allows several European countries to fish within 6 to 12 nautical miles of each other's coastlines. ](/news/2017/07/2/the-united-kingdom-announces-it-is-withdrawing-from-the-1964-london-fisheries-convention-which-allows-several-european-countries-to-fish-wi.md) _Context: Britain_
8. [Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, Britain, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-charter-08-is-suffering-fr.md) _Context: Britain_
9. [The United Kingdom and Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation sponsor a summit that plans on raising funds for family planning in developing countries. ](/news/2017/07/11/the-united-kingdom-and-bill-melinda-gates-foundation-sponsor-a-summit-that-plans-on-raising-funds-for-family-planning-in-developing-countr.md) _Context: Britain_
10. [The Trump Administration announces this year's Presidential state visit to the U.K. is delayed until at least 2018. Both the White House and 10 Downing Street state the two countries had been unable to agree on a 2017 date. This planned visit has drawn protests in the United Kingdom since February, and more than 1.8 million signatures on a petition to Parliament to cancel the meeting.  ](/news/2017/07/11/the-trump-administration-announces-this-year-s-presidential-state-visit-to-the-u-k-is-delayed-until-at-least-2018-both-the-white-house-and.md) _Context: Britain_
