### [2010-10-19](/news/2010/10/19/index.md)

# Jia Qinglin, chairman of the National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference, announces the opening of the 7th China-ASEAN Expo (CAEXPO) in Nanning, capital of southwest China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region. 




### Source:

1. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english2010/china/2010-10/19/c_13565433.htm)

### Related:

1. [Sixteen campers are missing in south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region following a flash flood in a camping reserve. ](/news/2015/10/6/sixteen-campers-are-missing-in-south-china-s-guangxi-zhuang-autonomous-region-following-a-flash-flood-in-a-camping-reserve.md) _Context: China, Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region_
2. [China hosts the ministers of defense from the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN).  During the meeting a Chinese defense official suggests joint maritime drills between the host and ASEAN.  At the same time, it is widely expected that U.S. Navy vessels may soon sail within 12 nautical miles of islands China is constructing upon reefs and atolls in the South China Sea. ](/news/2015/10/16/china-hosts-the-ministers-of-defense-from-the-association-of-southeast-asian-nations-asean-during-the-meeting-a-chinese-defense-official.md) _Context: ASEAN, China_
3. [A three-day summit is held in Tokyo between the leaders of Japan and ASEAN that will likely discuss the recent encroachment of China. ](/news/2013/12/13/a-three-day-summit-is-held-in-tokyo-between-the-leaders-of-japan-and-asean-that-will-likely-discuss-the-recent-encroachment-of-china.md) _Context: ASEAN, China_
4. [China and Africa celebrated the tenth anniversary of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation (FOCAC) in Beijing. Jia Qinglin, chairman of the National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference, addressed the reception commemorating. ](/news/2010/10/25/china-and-africa-celebrated-the-tenth-anniversary-of-the-forum-on-china-africa-cooperation-focac-in-beijing-jia-qinglin-chairman-of-the.md) _Context: China, Jia Qinglin_
5. [ As part of celebrations for the 40th Anniversary for the founding of the Tibet Autonomous Region in the People's Republic of China, 20,000 people gather at the Potala Palace Square for a cultural performance. CPC Politburo's Jia Qinglin attended. ](/news/2005/09/1/as-part-of-celebrations-for-the-40th-anniversary-for-the-founding-of-the-tibet-autonomous-region-in-the-people-s-republic-of-china-20-000.md) _Context: China, Jia Qinglin_
6. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: China_
7. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: China_
8. [Carrie Lam is sworn in as the first female Chief Executive of Hong Kong by President Xi Jinping amid protests against the 20th anniversary of the transfer of sovereignty to China. ](/news/2017/07/1/carrie-lam-is-sworn-in-as-the-first-female-chief-executive-of-hong-kong-by-president-xi-jinping-amid-protests-against-the-20th-anniversary-o.md) _Context: China_
9. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan, China releases a map detailing pieces of land claimed by Bhutan and India as belonging to China. China claims, via the map, that territory up until Gipmochi belongs to China and claims it's supported by the 1890 Convention of Calcutta. ](/news/2017/07/1/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-china-releases-a-map-detailing-pieces-of-land-claimed-by-bhutan-and-india-as-belon.md) _Context: China_
10. [Chinese authorities report "grave concern" over reports that two kidnapped Chinese teachers in Quetta, Pakistan, were killed by members of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2017/06/9/chinese-authorities-report-grave-concern-over-reports-that-two-kidnapped-chinese-teachers-in-quetta-pakistan-were-killed-by-members-of-t.md) _Context: China_
