### [2010-10-19](/news/2010/10/19/index.md)

# Russian troops withdraw from the Georgian border town of Perevi and are replaced by a Georgian Army unit. Perevi is located just outside South Ossetia, and had been occupied since the 2008 war. 

Russian troops withdraw from a Georgian town which they have occupied since a brief war between the two countries in 2008.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-11570787)
2. [Zee News](http://www.zeenews.com/news662255.html)

### Related:

1. [ NATO 2008 Brussels summit: NATO member countries decide not to offer MAP to Georgia and Ukraine, the war in South Ossetia and the Ukrainian government collapse being the main reasons.](/news/2008/12/2/nato-2008-brussels-summit-nato-member-countries-decide-not-to-offer-map-to-georgia-and-ukraine-the-war-in-south-ossetia-and-the-ukrainian.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Georgian, South Ossetia_
2. [ Aftermath of the 2008 South Ossetia war:: Georgian Interior Ministry claims "shots were fired" at a convoy including Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili and Polish President Lech Kaczynski on the border of Georgia and South Ossetia. Several witnesses travelling with the convoy say they heard the automatic gunfire, though it was unclear from which direction it came. Polish Parliament spokesman later comments the incident was "not very serious at all", though "unfortunate" as it put the Polish president in an "awkward" situation.](/news/2008/11/24/aftermath-of-the-2008-south-ossetia-war-georgian-interior-ministry-claims-shots-were-fired-at-a-convoy-including-georgian-president-mik.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Georgian, South Ossetia_
3. [ Western donors pledge US$4.5 billion toward the rebuilding of Georgia, which suffered from damage inflicted during short war with Russia, South Ossetia and Abkhazia in August. ](/news/2008/10/22/western-donors-pledge-us-4-5-billion-toward-the-rebuilding-of-georgia-which-suffered-from-damage-inflicted-during-short-war-with-russia-s.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Georgian, South Ossetia_
4. [ 2008 South Ossetia war:: President of Russia Dmitry Medvedev and President of France Nicolas Sarkozy announced after talks in Moscow that an agreement to pull Russian forces from Georgia within a month has been reached. The agreement has become possible as EU will send 200 civilian monitors to the area and guarantee that Georgia signs a pledge to not use military force in Abkhazia and South Ossetia again. ](/news/2008/09/8/2008-south-ossetia-war-president-of-russia-dmitry-medvedev-and-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-announced-after-talks-in-moscow-that-a.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Georgian, South Ossetia_
5. [ 2008 South Ossetia War:: Russia and Georgia continue to fight in South Ossetia and Georgia. The search for the dead and injured continues after at least 2,000 civilians were killed after two days Georgian offensive. Russia reported 12 peacekeepers killed and 30 wounded in the previous day during the Georgian tank and missile bombardment of Tskhinvali. ](/news/2008/08/9/2008-south-ossetia-war-russia-and-georgia-continue-to-fight-in-south-ossetia-and-georgia-the-search-for-the-dead-and-injured-continues-a.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Georgian, South Ossetia_
6. [ 2008 South Ossetia War:: Around 0:30 AM (local time), Georgia begins a full-scale attack on the breakaway republic of South Ossetia, using tanks, military aircraft, artillery, and infantry. Major-General Marat Kulakhmetov, the commander of a small force of Russian peacekeepers under CIS mandate in Tskhinvali makes a statement that Georgian 'heavy artillery shelling conducted for several hours' and 'has practically demolished the town' ](/news/2008/08/8/2008-south-ossetia-war-around-0-30-am-local-time-georgia-begins-a-full-scale-attack-on-the-breakaway-republic-of-south-ossetia-using.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Georgian, South Ossetia_
7. [ 2008 South Ossetia war:: The Federation Council of Russia, the upper house of the Federal Assembly, urges the President to recognise the independence of Georgia's breakaway regions of Abkhazia and South Ossetia. ](/news/2008/08/25/2008-south-ossetia-war-the-federation-council-of-russia-the-upper-house-of-the-federal-assembly-urges-the-president-to-recognise-the-in.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Georgian, South Ossetia_
8. [ 2008 South Ossetia war:: Human Rights Watch claims both Georgia and Russia violated rights of the civilian population during the conflict. Georgian ground offensive in South Ossetia included shelling of Tskhinvali, capital of South Ossetia, with Grad rocket systems and 'indiscriminate' use of tanks in the city, which caused 'numerous' civilian casualties and 'extensive' destruction. HRW says 'a hospital, apartment buildings, houses, schools, kindergartens, shops, administrative buildings, and the university' in Tskhinvali were 'severely damaged' during Georgian night-long 'uninterrupted' shelling of South Ossetian capital on August 7-8. Russian airforce, HRW reports, carried out bombardments of the two buildings in Georgian village in South Ossetia, 'that could be housing the Georgian military', and attacked presumably civilian convoy of several dozen cars. HRW also confirmed the Russian military's use of cluster bombs in two towns in Georgia, killing at least 11 civilians. ](/news/2008/08/20/2008-south-ossetia-war-human-rights-watch-claims-both-georgia-and-russia-violated-rights-of-the-civilian-population-during-the-conflict.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Georgian, South Ossetia_
9. [The President of the Georgian breakaway state of South Ossetia Leonid Tibilov announces his plan to hold a referendum on whether to become part of Russia or to keep its "de facto" independence before August of this year. This comes after South Ossetia signed various agreements further integrating the region with Russia. ](/news/2016/04/11/the-president-of-the-georgian-breakaway-state-of-south-ossetia-leonid-tibilov-announces-his-plan-to-hold-a-referendum-on-whether-to-become-p.md) _Context: Georgian, South Ossetia_
10. [Russo-Georgian War: Georgia welcomes the ICC's investigation into alleged war crimes committed during the 2008 South Ossetia war, which will be the first inquiry by the ICC into possible abuses by Moscow and/or Georgia. ](/news/2016/01/28/russo-georgian-war-georgia-welcomes-the-icc-s-investigation-into-alleged-war-crimes-committed-during-the-2008-south-ossetia-war-which-will.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Georgian_
