### [2011-09-24](/news/2011/09/24/index.md)

# A Spanish oil tanker hijacked off the coast of West Africa is freed, with no harm reportedly done to the crew, and no ransom paid to the pirates. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5hF9Kk9mFcA7oKz6QJUGUGQgE4mGQ?docId=ff5c83b8543949a9807860e036d40946)

### Related:

1. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa. A Spanish nurse becomes the first person to be infected with the Ebola virus outside West Africa. ](/news/2014/10/6/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-a-spanish-nurse-becomes-the-first-person-to-be-infected-with-the-ebola-virus-outside-west-africa.md) _Context: Spanish politicians, West Africa_
2. [Foreign relations of the Gambia. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, during a visit to the Gambia, announces that the West African nation is to rejoin the Commonwealth of Nations following talks with Gambian President Adama Barrow. The Gambia withdrew from the Commonwealth in 2013 under Yahya Jammeh, who considered it a "neo-colonial institution". ](/news/2017/02/14/foreign-relations-of-the-gambia-british-foreign-secretary-boris-johnson-during-a-visit-to-the-gambia-announces-that-the-west-african-nati.md) _Context: West Africa_
3. [Foreign relations of the Gambia. Gambian presidential election, 2016. Gambian President Yahya Jammeh accuses the West African regional bloc, ECOWAS, of "declaring war" after it said it was putting forces on alert in case he refused to step down at the end of his mandate on January 19. ](/news/2017/01/1/foreign-relations-of-the-gambia-gambian-presidential-election-2016-gambian-president-yahya-jammeh-accuses-the-west-african-regional-bloc.md) _Context: West Africa_
4. [Gambian presidential election, 2016. Opposition candidate Adama Barrow defeats Gambian President Yahya Jammeh, bringing an end to Jammeh's 22-year-rule in the West African nation. ](/news/2016/12/2/gambian-presidential-election-2016-opposition-candidate-adama-barrow-defeats-gambian-president-yahya-jammeh-bringing-an-end-to-jammeh-s-2.md) _Context: West Africa_
5. [Gambian presidential election, 2016. Leaders from the West African bloc ECOWAS and from the Organization of Islamic Cooperation plead with Gambian long-time President Yahya Jammeh who lost in the recently held elections to step aside or face consequences. ](/news/2016/12/18/gambian-presidential-election-2016-leaders-from-the-west-african-bloc-ecowas-and-from-the-organization-of-islamic-cooperation-plead-with-g.md) _Context: West Africa_
6. [Spanish general election, 2016. Spanish politicians fail to meet a deadline to form a government after last year's election so Felipe VI of Spain must dissolve the parliament and call a new election for June 26. ](/news/2016/05/2/spanish-general-election-2016-spanish-politicians-fail-to-meet-a-deadline-to-form-a-government-after-last-year-s-election-so-felipe-vi-of.md) _Context: Spanish politicians_
7. [Libyan Civil War. An oil tanker, sent from Eastern Libya by a rival to the internationally recognized Government of National Accord, returns with its cargo to the refinery at Zawiya in western Libya. The United Nations blacklisted the shipment on Wednesday. ](/news/2016/05/1/libyan-civil-war-an-oil-tanker-sent-from-eastern-libya-by-a-rival-to-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-national-accord-returns.md) _Context: oil tanker_
8. [A Russian oil tanker catches fire in the Caspian Sea, killing at least one crew member. A total of 10 crew members were evacuated from the ship, which was in the territorial waters of Turkmenistan when the fire broke out. It was unclear what caused the blaze. ](/news/2016/04/23/a-russian-oil-tanker-catches-fire-in-the-caspian-sea-killing-at-least-one-crew-member-a-total-of-10-crew-members-were-evacuated-from-the-s.md) _Context: oil tanker_
9. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa. The World Health Organisation declares an end to the Ebola virus outbreak in West Africa with Liberia the last country to be declared free of the virus. ](/news/2016/01/14/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-the-world-health-organisation-declares-an-end-to-the-ebola-virus-outbreak-in-west-africa-with-liberia-t.md) _Context: West Africa_
10. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria. More than 1 million children have been forced out of school as a result of Boko Haram terrorism in northeastern Nigeria and its neighboring countries, which leaves the children more susceptible to violence, poverty and child marriage, Manuel Fontaine, UNICEF-s West and Central Africa regional director, said in a statement. ](/news/2015/12/22/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-more-than-1-million-children-have-been-forced-out-of-school-as-a-result-of-boko-haram-terrorism-in-northeast.md) _Context: West Africa_
