### [2011-10-18](/news/2011/10/18/index.md)

# Israel and the Palestinian militant organization Hamas begin a major prisoner swap, in which the captured Israeli Army soldier Gilad Shalit is released by Hamas in exchange for 1,027 Palestinian and Israeli-Arab prisoners held in Israel. Among the prisoners released are 280 prisoners serving life sentences for planning and perpetrating terror attacks. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2011/10/18/world/meast/israel-prisoner-swap)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2011/oct/18/gilad-shalit-release-palestinian-exchange)
3. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/DiplomacyAndPolitics/Article.aspx?id=242250)
3. [Cover Image](http://www.jpost.com/HttpHandlers/ShowImage.ashx?ID=176415)

### Related:

1. [The Cabinet of Israel approves a prisoner swap deal with Hamas for the release of the Israeli Army soldier Gilad Shalit, who had been held in captivity for five years. In exchange, Israel agrees to release a thousand Palestinian prisoners held in Israel, among them hundreds of prisoners serving multiple life sentences for planning and perpetrating murderous attacks against Israeli civilians.](/news/2011/10/11/the-cabinet-of-israel-approves-a-prisoner-swap-deal-with-hamas-for-the-release-of-the-israeli-army-soldier-gilad-shalit-who-had-been-held-i.md) _Context: Gilad Shalit, Hamas, Israel, Israeli Army, life imprisonment_
2. [A Palestinian woman is killed and another person is injured in the Gaza Strip by tank fire from Israel. Israel said it responded to mortar rounds and the discovery of another tunnel by Hamas. ](/news/2016/05/5/a-palestinian-woman-is-killed-and-another-person-is-injured-in-the-gaza-strip-by-tank-fire-from-israel-israel-said-it-responded-to-mortar-r.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, State of Palestine_
3. [Gilad Shalit prisoner exchange: The leading commander of the military wing of Hamas, Ahmed Jabari, confirms in an interview with the Saudi Arabian newspaper "Al-Hayat" that the prisoners released in exchange for captured Israeli Gilad Shalit were collectively responsible for the deaths of 569 Israeli civilians. ](/news/2011/10/20/gilad-shalit-prisoner-exchange-the-leading-commander-of-the-military-wing-of-hamas-ahmed-jabari-confirms-in-an-interview-with-the-saudi-a.md) _Context: Gilad Shalit prisoner exchange, Hamas, Israel_
4. [After Hamas rejects a call from the International Red Cross for access to Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit, held incommunicado since he was captured nearly five years ago, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says Israel will reduce Palestinian prisoners' privileges in response. ](/news/2011/06/23/after-hamas-rejects-a-call-from-the-international-red-cross-for-access-to-israeli-soldier-gilad-shalit-held-incommunicado-since-he-was-capt.md) _Context: Gilad Shalit, Hamas, Israel_
5. [Hamas militants fire an anti-tank missile at an Israeli school bus, critically injuring a teenage boy and the driver, and then fire 45 mortars and 3 rockets at towns in southern Israel; the Israeli army launches a counterattack in Gaza, killing five people and injuring a number of others ](/news/2011/04/7/hamas-militants-fire-an-anti-tank-missile-at-an-israeli-school-bus-critically-injuring-a-teenage-boy-and-the-driver-and-then-fire-45-morta.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israeli Army_
6. [Palestinian militants on the Gaza Strip tell Hamas that they will cease firing rockets at Israel in order to prevent an Israel Defense Forces offensive. ](/news/2011/01/12/palestinian-militants-on-the-gaza-strip-tell-hamas-that-they-will-cease-firing-rockets-at-israel-in-order-to-prevent-an-israel-defense-force.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, State of Palestine_
7. [German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle calls on Hamas to free captured Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit and urges Israel to end its embargo of the Hamas-ruled Gaza Strip, but does not meet with the Gaza leadership because of group's refusal to renounce violence and recognize Israel. ](/news/2010/11/8/german-foreign-minister-guido-westerwelle-calls-on-hamas-to-free-captured-israeli-soldier-gilad-shalit-and-urges-israel-to-end-its-embargo-o.md) _Context: Gilad Shalit, Hamas, Israel_
8. [Fifteen Latin American parliaments pass simultaneous resolutions demanding that the captive Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit, held incommunicado for over four years by Hamas, be released. ](/news/2010/10/24/fifteen-latin-american-parliaments-pass-simultaneous-resolutions-demanding-that-the-captive-israeli-soldier-gilad-shalit-held-incommunicado.md) _Context: Gilad Shalit, Hamas, Israel_
9. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says that Israel had recently renewed contacts with a German mediator to negotiate the release of a captured Israeli soldier, Staff Sgt. Gilad Shalit, who is being held incommunicado by Hamas. ](/news/2010/10/17/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-says-that-israel-had-recently-renewed-contacts-with-a-german-mediator-to-negotiate-the-release-of.md) _Context: Gilad Shalit, Hamas, Israel_
10. [Hamas leader Khaled Mashal says Hamas plans to kidnap more IDF soldiers and increase the price for captive soldier Gilad Shalit if Israel does not meet its demands for a prisoner swap. ](/news/2010/06/28/hamas-leader-khaled-mashal-says-hamas-plans-to-kidnap-more-idf-soldiers-and-increase-the-price-for-captive-soldier-gilad-shalit-if-israel-do.md) _Context: Gilad Shalit, Hamas, Israel_
