
Formats: [HTML](/news/2014/08/22/russian-aid-convoys-enter-eastern-ukraine-without-permission-from-the-ukrainian-government-sparking-condemnation-from-the-us-the-eu-and-n.html)  [JSON](/news/2014/08/22/russian-aid-convoys-enter-eastern-ukraine-without-permission-from-the-ukrainian-government-sparking-condemnation-from-the-us-the-eu-and-n.json)  [XML](/news/2014/08/22/russian-aid-convoys-enter-eastern-ukraine-without-permission-from-the-ukrainian-government-sparking-condemnation-from-the-us-the-eu-and-n.xml)  

### [2014-08-22](/news/2014/08/22/index.md)

##### Eastern Ukraine
# Russian aid convoys enter eastern Ukraine without permission from the Ukrainian government, sparking condemnation from the US, the EU, and NATO, and prompting the UN to hold an emergency meeting to discuss the action. No other country sent humanitarian aid to the region. 




### Sources:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-28903829)
1. [Cover Image](http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/77124000/jpg/_77124888_77124887.jpg)

### Changes:

1. [War in Donbass:: Russian aid convoys enter eastern Ukraine without permission from the Ukrainian government, sparking condemnation from the US, the EU, and NATO, and prompting the UN to hold an emergency meeting to discuss the action. No other country sent humanitarian aid to the region. ](/news/2014/08/22/war-in-donbass-russian-aid-convoys-enter-eastern-ukraine-without-permission-from-the-ukrainian-government-sparking-condemnation-from-the.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:26 (First version)_
2. [War in Donbass:Russian aid convoys enter eastern Ukraine without permission from the Ukrainian government, sparking condemnation from the US, the EU, and NATO, and prompting the UN to hold an emergency meeting to discuss the action. No other country sent humanitarian aid to the region. ](/news/2014/08/22/war-in-donbass-prussian-aid-convoys-enter-eastern-ukraine-without-permission-from-the-ukrainian-government-sparking-condemnation-from-the-u.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:26 (Update)_
2. [Russian aid convoys enter eastern Ukraine without permission from the Ukrainian government, sparking condemnation from the US, the EU, and NATO, and prompting the UN to hold an emergency meeting to discuss the action. No other country sent humanitarian aid to the region. ](/news/2014/08/22/russian-aid-convoys-enter-eastern-ukraine-without-permission-from-the-ukrainian-government-sparking-condemnation-from-the-us-the-eu-and-n.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [The report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council -- the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union -- calls on Israel to end settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, "The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-a-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-a-c.md) _Context: European Union, United Nations_
2. [Representatives of the Russian-backed Donetsk People's Republic in Eastern Ukraine say at least five civilians are killed by artillery fire at a checkpoint in the town of Olenivka, with another 10 injured. Kiev denies the accusation. A local border-guard spokesman says there was an explosion at the checkpoint but he saw no artillery fired from either side, suggesting the blast could have been a bomb. ](/news/2016/04/27/representatives-of-the-russian-backed-donetsk-people-s-republic-in-eastern-ukraine-say-at-least-five-civilians-are-killed-by-artillery-fire.md) _Context: Eastern Ukraine, Government of Ukraine_
3. [The European Union offers to help the fledgling new UN-backed Libyan unity government with assistance in its security sector, managing migration, border management and police capacity building. This comes after Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj appealed to foreign governments for help in fighting ISIL and aid to rebuild the country. ](/news/2016/04/19/the-european-union-offers-to-help-the-fledgling-new-un-backed-libyan-unity-government-with-assistance-in-its-security-sector-managing-migra.md) _Context: European Union, United Nations_
4. [Russia's Gazprom halts gas supplies to Ukraine until the Ukrainian government pays in advance for future supplies to replenish the current supplies of gas that it has used up; Ukraine says it has stopped buying from Gazprom because it can get cheaper gas from Europe. Roughly 15% of the gas used in Europe travels through Ukraine, and a previous cut-off of gas supplies in 2009 caused serious disruptions in shipments to EU countries at the height of winter. ](/news/2015/11/25/russia-s-gazprom-halts-gas-supplies-to-ukraine-until-the-ukrainian-government-pays-in-advance-for-future-supplies-to-replenish-the-current-s.md) _Context: European Union, Government of Ukraine_
5. [U.S. diplomats, amid growing international concern the violence could spiral into an ethnic conflict, push for peace talks in Burundi. The European Union advises non-essential staff to evacuate the Central African nation amid rising violence and an uptick in political rhetoric. The head of the opposition UPRONA group urges the United Nations to send peacekeepers quickly. Yesterday, the UN Security Council called on the Burundi Government to protect human rights and cooperate with regional African mediators to immediately convene "an inclusive and genuine inter-Burundian dialogue" to find a peaceful resolution of the crisis. ](/news/2015/11/13/u-s-diplomats-amid-growing-international-concern-the-violence-could-spiral-into-an-ethnic-conflict-push-for-peace-talks-in-burundi-the-e.md) _Context: European Union, United Nations_
