### [2011-03-7](/news/2011/03/7/index.md)

# Yang Jiechi, the Foreign Minister of the People's Republic of China, warns the United States that relations between China and the US will deteriorate if it sells weapons to Taiwan. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/03/07/us-china-npc-usa-taiwan-idUSTRE7260MT20110307)

### Related:

1. [The United States plans to sell Taiwan $1.42 billion in arms, the first such sale under the administration of Donald Trump. ](/news/2017/06/29/the-united-states-plans-to-sell-taiwan-1-42-billion-in-arms-the-first-such-sale-under-the-administration-of-donald-trump.md) _Context: Taiwan, United States_
2. [The People's Republic of China lodges a complaint with the United States after President-elect of the United States Donald Trump speaks with President of Taiwan Tsai Ing-wen. The PRC and the United States view Taiwan as a breakaway province. ](/news/2016/12/3/the-people-s-republic-of-china-lodges-a-complaint-with-the-united-states-after-president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-speaks-with.md) _Context: Taiwan, United States_
3. [At an event hosted by Center for Strategic and International Studies, Foreign Minister Wang Yi expresses China's concerns that the planned deployment of the THAAD missile defense system and the X band radar for which the South Korea and the United States have started talks to secure its approval in order to counter the growing threat of North Korea's weapons capabilities could jeopardize the country's "legitimate national security interests." At the Pentagon, Harry Harris, the commander of U.S. forces in the Pacific, said that if China wanted to prevent consideration of the THAAD system's deployment, it should lean on Pyongyang saying, "If China wanted to exert a lot of influence on somebody to prevent THAAD from being considered going into Korea, then they should exert that influence on North Korea." ](/news/2016/02/25/at-an-event-hosted-by-center-for-strategic-and-international-studies-foreign-minister-wang-yi-expresses-china-s-concerns-that-the-planned-d.md) _Context: Foreign Minister, United States_
4. [The President of Taiwan Ma Ying-jeou visits Taiping Island, Taiwan's largest island in the South China Sea, despite the United States warning it could provoke diplomatic tensions with the People's Republic of China and other nations in the area. ](/news/2016/01/28/the-president-of-taiwan-ma-ying-jeou-visits-taiping-island-taiwan-s-largest-island-in-the-south-china-sea-despite-the-united-states-warnin.md) _Context: Taiwan, United States_
5. [The United States denounces a flag-raising ceremony at Taiwan's de facto embassy in Washington DC, saying the ceremony violated US-Taiwan ties. ](/news/2015/01/7/the-united-states-denounces-a-flag-raising-ceremony-at-taiwan-s-de-facto-embassy-in-washington-dc-saying-the-ceremony-violated-us-taiwan-ti.md) _Context: Taiwan, United States_
6. [U.S. Secretary of State Clinton meets China's Foreign Minister Yang in Beijing. ](/news/2012/09/4/u-s-secretary-of-state-clinton-meets-china-s-foreign-minister-yang-in-beijing.md) _Context: Foreign Minister, Yang_
7. [Taiwanese smartphone manufacturer HTC loses a patent infringement case in the United States, with the United States International Trade Commission ruling that Apple Inc.'s iPhone technology does not violate HTC's patents. ](/news/2011/10/18/taiwanese-smartphone-manufacturer-htc-loses-a-patent-infringement-case-in-the-united-states-with-the-united-states-international-trade-comm.md) _Context: Taiwan, United States_
8. [China warns the United States over its proposed sale of newer versions of the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon to Taiwan. ](/news/2011/09/22/china-warns-the-united-states-over-its-proposed-sale-of-newer-versions-of-the-general-dynamics-f-16-fighting-falcon-to-taiwan.md) _Context: Taiwan, United States_
9. [China and the United States officially resume military ties after a 10-month break following US arms sales to Taiwan, with the two countries emphasizing the importance of a close military dialogue. The two countries will also confer on maritime issues next month.](/news/2010/09/30/china-and-the-united-states-officially-resume-military-ties-after-a-10-month-break-following-us-arms-sales-to-taiwan-with-the-two-countries.md) _Context: Taiwan, United States_
10. [The United States and Australia issue travel warnings for India following the shooting of two Taiwanese tourists outside the Jama Masjid mosque in Delhi. ](/news/2010/09/20/the-united-states-and-australia-issue-travel-warnings-for-india-following-the-shooting-of-two-taiwanese-tourists-outside-the-jama-masjid-mos.md) _Context: Taiwan, United States_
