### [2011-07-14](/news/2011/07/14/index.md)

# Chairman of Ireland's governing Fine Gael parliamentary party Charlie Flanagan calls for Papal Nuncio Giuseppe Leanza to be expelled from the country after the publication of a report into the sexual abuse of children by priests in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Cloyne, while Tanaiste Eamon Gilmore attacks the Vatican's interference in the scandal. 

The chairman of the Fine Gael parliamentary party has called for the expulsion of the Papal Nuncio following revelations in the Cloyne Report.


### Source:

1. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2011/0714/cloyne.html)

### Related:

1. [Leo Varadkar becomes the new Taoiseach (Prime Minister) of Ireland and leader of the Fine Gael party, after winning 51 of the 73 votes in the parliamentary party. He is the youngest, and is the first openly gay man to be Taoiseach, as well as being the first of half-Indian descent. ](/news/2017/06/2/leo-varadkar-becomes-the-new-taoiseach-prime-minister-of-ireland-and-leader-of-the-fine-gael-party-after-winning-51-of-the-73-votes-in-th.md) _Context: Fine Gael_
2. [Irish Taoiseach Enda Kenny announces that he will step down as leader of Fine Gael from midnight, but will remain Taoiseach until a leader is elected. ](/news/2017/05/17/irish-taoiseach-enda-kenny-announces-that-he-will-step-down-as-leader-of-fine-gael-from-midnight-but-will-remain-taoiseach-until-a-leader-i.md) _Context: Fine Gael_
3. [Fine Gael and Fianna Fail agree to the formation of a Fine Gael-led government. ](/news/2016/04/29/fine-gael-and-fianna-fa-il-agree-to-the-formation-of-a-fine-gael-led-government.md) _Context: Fine Gael_
4. [Prime Minister Enda Kenny, who rejected suggestions he should resign, says he will "fully and inclusively" engage with other parties, groups and Independents, including Fianna Fail,  as he forms the country's  government. Sinn Fein says it is not interested in forming a coalition government with Kenny's  Fine Gael party. ](/news/2016/03/1/prime-minister-enda-kenny-who-rejected-suggestions-he-should-resign-says-he-will-fully-and-inclusively-engage-with-other-parties-groups.md) _Context: Fine Gael_
5. [Voters in Ireland go to the polls for a general election. Exit polls indicate that the ruling coalition of Fine Gael party led by Enda Kenny and the Labour Party will fall short of re-election with 34% of the vote between them. ](/news/2016/02/26/voters-in-ireland-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-exit-polls-indicate-that-the-ruling-coalition-of-fine-gael-party-led-by-enda-kenny.md) _Context: Fine Gael_
6. [Ireland's Fine Gael food and farming minister Shane McEntee kills himself 2 days after his 56th birthday, triggering a by-election in Meath East. ](/news/2012/12/21/ireland-s-fine-gael-food-and-farming-minister-shane-mcentee-kills-himself-2-days-after-his-56th-birthday-triggering-a-by-election-in-meath.md) _Context: Fine Gael_
7. [In the Republic of Ireland government figures indicate less than half of the country's households have paid the household charge by today's deadline as thousands of people march on the governing Fine Gael party's annual conference at the Convention Centre Dublin. ](/news/2012/03/31/in-the-republic-of-ireland-government-figures-indicate-less-than-half-of-the-country-s-households-have-paid-the-household-charge-by-today-s.md) _Context: Fine Gael_
8. [Students protesting against the Irish financial crisis occupy the office of Fine Gael lawmaker Anthony Lawlor ahead of the forthcoming Budget Day. ](/news/2011/12/3/students-protesting-against-the-irish-financial-crisis-occupy-the-office-of-fine-gael-lawmaker-anthony-lawlor-ahead-of-the-forthcoming-budge.md) _Context: Fine Gael_
9. [Irish government lawmaker Denis Naughten votes against his own government over cuts to a hospital, amid protests by hundreds of people outside Dail Eireann; he now faces expulsion from Fine Gael with the hospital's emergency department to close on Monday. ](/news/2011/07/6/irish-government-lawmaker-denis-naughten-votes-against-his-own-government-over-cuts-to-a-hospital-amid-protests-by-hundreds-of-people-outsi.md) _Context: Fine Gael_
10. [Ireland's Taoiseach Enda Kenny attacks the Vatican's approach to the child abuse scandals in the country as "absolutely disgraceful", while the Socialist Party's Joe Higgins tells Dail Eireann that people were "throwing their hands in the air" after the report into the sexual abuse scandal in Cloyne diocese was published this week. ](/news/2011/07/15/ireland-s-taoiseach-enda-kenny-attacks-the-vatican-s-approach-to-the-child-abuse-scandals-in-the-country-as-absolutely-disgraceful-while.md) _Context: sexual abuse scandal in Cloyne diocese_
