### [2011-07-14](/news/2011/07/14/index.md)

# News of the World phone hacking scandal:: News Corporation chairman Rupert Murdoch, his son James, and News International chief executive Rebekah Brooks all agree to appear before British MPs next week to answer questions on the News of the World phone hacking affair. 

The FBI is investigating reports that News Corporation sought to hack the phones of victims of the 9/11 attacks.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-14148658)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-14162268)
3. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-14162545)
4. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/media/2011/jul/14/news-of-the-world-neil-wallis)

### Related:

1. [News Corporation affair: News Corporation Chief Executive Rupert Murdoch and his son James Murdoch appear before a select committee of the United Kingdom parliament over the "News of the World" phone hacking affair. Murdoch Senior apologises for the scandal, but says he is not responsible for it. ](/news/2011/07/19/news-corporation-affair-news-corporation-chief-executive-rupert-murdoch-and-his-son-james-murdoch-appear-before-a-select-committee-of-the-u.md) _Context: James Murdoch, News Corporation, Rupert Murdoch, phone hacking affair_
2. [At the Leveson Inquiry into British media practices, former News International chief executive Rebekah Brooks discloses an email that appears to show that Britain's Culture Secretary, Jeremy Hunt, sought advice from News International over how Downing Street should respond to the News of the World phone hacking scandal. ](/news/2012/05/11/at-the-leveson-inquiry-into-british-media-practices-former-news-international-chief-executive-rebekah-brooks-discloses-an-email-that-appear.md) _Context: News International, Rebekah Brooks, phone hacking_
3. [U.S. senators call for a legal investigation into allegations that Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation hacked victims of the September 11 attacks as the phone hacking scandal continues. ](/news/2011/07/13/u-s-senators-call-for-a-legal-investigation-into-allegations-that-rupert-murdoch-s-news-corporation-hacked-victims-of-the-september-11-atta.md) _Context: News Corporation, Rupert Murdoch, phone hacking_
4. [David Cameron, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, makes a statement to the House of Commons in relation to the judicial inquiry into the "News of the World" phone hacking affair, hours before the announcement that Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation had withdrawn its bid to take full ownership of BSkyB. ](/news/2011/07/13/david-cameron-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-makes-a-statement-to-the-house-of-commons-in-relation-to-the-judicial-inquiry-into.md) _Context: News Corporation, Rupert Murdoch, phone hacking affair_
5. [The Rupert Murdoch-owned News International admits liability in several cases brought against "The News of the World" newspaper for alleged phone hacking, and issues an "unreserved apology". ](/news/2011/04/8/the-rupert-murdoch-owned-news-international-admits-liability-in-several-cases-brought-against-the-news-of-the-world-newspaper-for-alleged.md) _Context: News International, Rupert Murdoch, phone hacking affair_
6. [R v Brooks, Coulson and six others: Former News International tabloid editor Andy Coulson is found guilty in relation to conspiracy to hack mobile phones. Rebekah Brooks, Charlie Brooks, Clive Goodman, Ian Edmondson, Stuart Kuttner, Cheryl Carter and Mark Hanna are acquitted. ](/news/2014/06/24/r-v-brooks-coulson-and-six-others-former-news-international-tabloid-editor-andy-coulson-is-found-guilty-in-relation-to-conspiracy-to-hack.md) _Context: News International, Rebekah Brooks_
7. [Rupert Murdoch resigns from a number of directorships, including that of News International. ](/news/2012/07/21/rupert-murdoch-resigns-from-a-number-of-directorships-including-that-of-news-international.md) _Context: News International, Rupert Murdoch_
8. [British Prime Minister David Cameron appears before the Leveson Inquiry. The hearing is told of his relationship with former News International Chief Executive Rebekah Brooks, while he says his decision to appoint Andy Coulson as his Director of Communications will haunt him. ](/news/2012/06/14/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-appears-before-the-leveson-inquiry-the-hearing-is-told-of-his-relationship-with-former-news-internatio.md) _Context: News International, Rebekah Brooks_
9. [Rebekah Brooks, the former CEO of News International, appears at Westminster Magistrates Court on phone hacking charges alongside her husband and four other News International employees. ](/news/2012/06/13/rebekah-brooks-the-former-ceo-of-news-international-appears-at-westminster-magistrates-court-on-phone-hacking-charges-alongside-her-husban.md) _Context: News International, Rebekah Brooks_
10. [Leveson Inquiry:: Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair tells the Leveson Inquiry he had a "working relationship" with News Corporation chairman Rupert Murdoch, but that Murdoch did not influence policy during his time in office. ](/news/2012/05/28/leveson-inquiry-former-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-he-had-a-working-relationship-with-news-corporation-c.md) _Context: News Corporation, Rupert Murdoch_
