### [2011-07-14](/news/2011/07/14/index.md)

# U.S. district court judge Reggie Walton declares a mistrial in the perjury trial of former baseball star Roger Clemens after prosecutors present evidence that Walton had previously ruled inadmissible. Walton will hold a hearing on September 2 to determine whether to hold a new trial. 




### Source:

1. [ESPN](http://espn.go.com/mlb/story/_/id/6768625/roger-clemens-trial-judge-declares-mistrial)

### Related:

1. [U.S. Chief Justice John G. Roberts announces he appointed Judge Richard C. Tallman of the Ninth Circuit to the United States Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court of Review for a six-year term beginning January 27, 2014, filling the vacancy that had existed since August, and Judge James E. Boasberg of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia to replace Reggie Walton in the United States Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court for a six-year term in May. ](/news/2014/02/7/u-s-chief-justice-john-g-roberts-announces-he-appointed-judge-richard-c-tallman-of-the-ninth-circuit-to-the-united-states-foreign-intelli.md) _Context: Reggie Walton, U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia_
2. [Former American Major League Baseball player Roger Clemens is acquitted on all charges in a perjury trial. ](/news/2012/06/18/former-american-major-league-baseball-player-roger-clemens-is-acquitted-on-all-charges-in-a-perjury-trial.md) _Context: Roger Clemens, committed perjury_
3. [The perjury trial of retired star baseball pitcher Roger Clemens commences in the U.S. over allegedly false statements made to a United States Congress Committee over use of performance-enhancing drugs. ](/news/2011/07/6/the-perjury-trial-of-retired-star-baseball-pitcher-roger-clemens-commences-in-the-u-s-over-allegedly-false-statements-made-to-a-united-stat.md) _Context: Roger Clemens, committed perjury_
4. [President Donald Trump claims that James Comey committed perjury during his testimony yesterday, and offers to give his own testimony, "under oath," refuting that he requested Comey to drop the Flynn investigation and that he had asked for Comey's allegence. ](/news/2017/06/9/president-donald-trump-claims-that-james-comey-committed-perjury-during-his-testimony-yesterday-and-offers-to-give-his-own-testimony-unde.md) _Context: committed perjury_
5. [For the second time, a mistrial is declared in the case against officer Ray Tensing for the fatal shooting of Samuel DuBose during a traffic stop. ](/news/2017/06/23/for-the-second-time-a-mistrial-is-declared-in-the-case-against-officer-ray-tensing-for-the-fatal-shooting-of-samuel-dubose-during-a-traffic.md) _Context: mistrial_
6. [The U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia blocks health insurer Anthem Inc.'s proposed $54 billion merger with rival Cigna because it would have exacerbated an already highly concentrated market and likely raised prices. ](/news/2017/02/8/the-u-s-district-court-for-the-district-of-columbia-blocks-health-insurer-anthem-inc-s-proposed-54-billion-merger-with-rival-cigna-becaus.md) _Context: U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia_
7. [John D. Bates, United States federal judge for the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, blocks a proposed merger by health insurance companies Aetna and Humana. ](/news/2017/01/23/john-d-bates-united-states-federal-judge-for-the-united-states-district-court-for-the-district-of-columbia-blocks-a-proposed-merger-by-he.md) _Context: U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia_
8. [The District Court for the District of Columbia releases John Hinckley Jr, U.S. President Ronald Reagan's March 1981 would-be assassin, from a psychiatric hospital after 35 years. ](/news/2016/09/10/the-district-court-for-the-district-of-columbia-releases-john-hinckley-jr-u-s-president-ronald-reagan-s-march-1981-would-be-assassin-from.md) _Context: U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia_
9. [Pennsylvania Attorney General Kathleen Kane is convicted of perjury and obstruction of justice. ](/news/2016/08/15/pennsylvania-attorney-general-kathleen-kane-is-convicted-of-perjury-and-obstruction-of-justice.md) _Context: committed perjury_
10. [U.S. District Judge Emmet Sullivan blocks the $6.3 billion merger of major office supply companies Staples and Office Depot, finding it would result in reduced competition and higher prices. The companies announce they are abandoning the deal. ](/news/2016/05/10/u-s-district-judge-emmet-sullivan-blocks-the-6-3-billion-merger-of-major-office-supply-companies-staples-and-office-depot-finding-it-woul.md) _Context: U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia_
