### [2008-08-16](/news/2008/08/16/index.md)

#  2008 South Ossetia war:: Georgian officials claim Abkhazian army, backed by the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation, takes control of 13 Georgian villages. 

Rebels from the breakaway region of Abkhazia, backed by Russian forces, have seized control of 13 Georgian villages and land surrounding a power plant on the border of the region, Georgia&#039;s foreign ministry said.


### Source:

1. [AFP via ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2008/08/17/2337712.htm)
2. [Press Trust of India](http://www.ptinews.com/pti%5Cptisite.nsf/0/61CFB1A087FC1F02652574A7004D72BB?OpenDocument)

### Related:

1. [ 2008 South Ossetia war:: President of Russia Dmitry Medvedev and President of France Nicolas Sarkozy announced after talks in Moscow that an agreement to pull Russian forces from Georgia within a month has been reached. The agreement has become possible as EU will send 200 civilian monitors to the area and guarantee that Georgia signs a pledge to not use military force in Abkhazia and South Ossetia again. ](/news/2008/09/8/2008-south-ossetia-war-president-of-russia-dmitry-medvedev-and-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-announced-after-talks-in-moscow-that-a.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Abkhazia, Georgian, Russian security forces_
2. [ Western donors pledge US$4.5 billion toward the rebuilding of Georgia, which suffered from damage inflicted during short war with Russia, South Ossetia and Abkhazia in August. ](/news/2008/10/22/western-donors-pledge-us-4-5-billion-toward-the-rebuilding-of-georgia-which-suffered-from-damage-inflicted-during-short-war-with-russia-s.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Abkhazia, Georgian_
3. [ 2008 South Ossetia war:: The Federation Council of Russia, the upper house of the Federal Assembly, urges the President to recognise the independence of Georgia's breakaway regions of Abkhazia and South Ossetia. ](/news/2008/08/25/2008-south-ossetia-war-the-federation-council-of-russia-the-upper-house-of-the-federal-assembly-urges-the-president-to-recognise-the-in.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Abkhazia, Georgian_
4. [ 2008 South Ossetia war:: Russia says it will support whatever decision the people of breakaway republics of Abkhazia and South Ossetia will make during referendum on the future of their land [http://www.iht.com/articles/2008/08/14/europe/15georgia.php ("International Herald Tribune")] [http://www.nytimes.com/2008/08/15/world/europe/15georgia.html ("The New York Times")]: Analysts 'see the conflict as a gamble initiated by Georgia, which is seeking EU and NATO membership, to test the strength of its Western allies in the face of Russia's unwillingness to see the West encroaching on its doorstep.' [http://edition.cnn.com/2008/WORLD/europe/08/14/georgia.russia.war/index.html (CNN)]: An Amnesty International worldwide movement for human rights reported on August, 14, that the assault of the Georgian Army on Tskhinvali included '14 hours of bombardment' of the city. Amnesty International is still gathering information on the reported heavy civilian casualties, as well as reported bombings of non-military targets leading to deaths of civilians and the destruction of civilian buildings. [http://www.amnesty.org/en/news-and-updates/news/civilians-vulnerable-after-hostilities-georgia-20080814 (Amnesty International)]: Russia appeared 'to be handing over a key Georgian city Thursday', U.S. officials said. Senior U.S. General James Cartwright claims that 'Russian forces seemed to be complying with an internationally-mediated cease-fire'. [http://edition.cnn.com/2008/WORLD/europe/08/14/georgia.russia.war/index.html (CNN)]: Georgia's Prime Minister Lado Gurgenidze claimed that more than 100 Russian vehicles, some of them armoured, had gathered outside the major western Georgian town of Zugdidi. However, Robert Gates, the US Secretary of Defense, said that the Russian army is 'withdrawing their forces back towards Abkhazia and towards South Ossetia' [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/7561586.stm US warns Russia of lasting impact (BBC News)]: Russian forces say they will start to return control of the key town of Gori to Georgia soon. 'For another two days Russian troops will stay in the region to ... hand over control functions to Georgian law-enforcement bodies, after which they will leave," Major-General Vyacheslav Borisov as quoted by Russian news agencies. [http://www.reuters.com/article/GCA-Georgia/idUSLE73186420080814 (Reuters)]: Georgian police return to the town of Gori as the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation leave. [http://edition.cnn.com/2008/WORLD/europe/08/14/georgia.russia.war/ (CNN)]: AV and MT went to watch Kung fu Panday BBS](/news/2008/08/14/2008-south-ossetia-war-russia-says-it-will-support-whatever-decision-the-people-of-breakaway-republics-of-abkhazia-and-south-ossetia-will.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Georgian, Russian security forces_
5. [Abkhaz-Georgian conflict: Georgia's Ministry of Foreign Affairs expresses "shock and deep concern" after a Georgian citizen, 31-year-old Giga Otkhozoria, was shot dead by Russian Armed Forces troops patrolling areas near the administrative boundary with Abkhazia. ](/news/2016/05/20/abkhaz-georgian-conflict-georgia-s-ministry-of-foreign-affairs-expresses-shock-and-deep-concern-after-a-georgian-citizen-31-year-old-g.md) _Context: Abkhazia, Georgian_
6. [Russo-Georgian War: Georgia welcomes the ICC's investigation into alleged war crimes committed during the 2008 South Ossetia war, which will be the first inquiry by the ICC into possible abuses by Moscow and/or Georgia. ](/news/2016/01/28/russo-georgian-war-georgia-welcomes-the-icc-s-investigation-into-alleged-war-crimes-committed-during-the-2008-south-ossetia-war-which-will.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Georgian_
7. [Opposition in Georgia's breakaway Abkhazia takes over the government headquarters, forcing President Alexander Ankvab to flee the capital, Sukhumi. ](/news/2014/05/27/opposition-in-georgia-s-breakaway-abkhazia-takes-over-the-government-headquarters-forcing-president-alexander-ankvab-to-flee-the-capital-s.md) _Context: Abkhazia, Georgian_
8. [Tuvalu withdraws its recognition of Abkhazia and South Ossetia after re-establishing diplomatic relations with Georgia. ](/news/2014/03/31/tuvalu-withdraws-its-recognition-of-abkhazia-and-south-ossetia-after-re-establishing-diplomatic-relations-with-georgia.md) _Context: Abkhazia, Georgian_
9. [A senior Russian diplomat is gunned down in Sukhumi, the capital of Georgia's breakaway region of Abkhazia. ](/news/2013/09/9/a-senior-russian-diplomat-is-gunned-down-in-sukhumi-the-capital-of-georgia-s-breakaway-region-of-abkhazia.md) _Context: Abkhazia, Georgian_
10. [The President of Russia Dmitry Medvedev states that the decision to go to war with Georgia in 2008 prevented the eastward enlargement of NATO. ](/news/2011/11/21/the-president-of-russia-dmitry-medvedev-states-that-the-decision-to-go-to-war-with-georgia-in-2008-prevented-the-eastward-enlargement-of-nat.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Georgian_
