### [2006-12-6](/news/2006/12/6/index.md)

#  The Australian House of Representatives passes private members legislation allowing therapeutic cloning after a conscience vote. The Australian Senate had already approved the bill prepared by Senator Kay Patterson meaning that it will become law. 




### Source:

1. [News Limited](http://www.news.com.au/story/0,23599,20884451-1702,00.html)

### Related:

1. [Deputy Leader of the Australian Greens Scott Ludlam resigns as a Senator after discovering that he holds dual citizenship with New Zealand, making him electorally ineligible under Section 44 of the Constitution of Australia. ](/news/2017/07/14/deputy-leader-of-the-australian-greens-scott-ludlam-resigns-as-a-senator-after-discovering-that-he-holds-dual-citizenship-with-new-zealand.md) _Context: Senator_
2. [Two political parties with federal representation in Australia merge as the Australian Conservatives absorbs the Family First Party. ](/news/2017/04/26/two-political-parties-with-federal-representation-in-australia-merge-as-the-australian-conservatives-absorbs-the-family-first-party.md) _Context: Senator_
3. [Two weeks after his initial announcement, Bob Day, leader of the Family First Party, confirms his immediate resignation from the Australian Senate due to the liquidation of his business. ](/news/2016/11/1/two-weeks-after-his-initial-announcement-bob-day-leader-of-the-family-first-party-confirms-his-immediate-resignation-from-the-australian.md) _Context: Senator_
4. [Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull's Liberal/National coalition, behind Bill Shorten's Labor Party in the first 48 hours following Saturday's election, is now ahead of Labor in the Lower House, 74-71 seats; 76 seats are needed to form a government. Minor parties and independents have won five seats;  mail-in and absentee votes are still being counted. Turnbull is on the road today seeking support from a small handful of independent and small party lawmakers. ](/news/2016/07/7/australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-s-liberal-national-coalition-behind-bill-shorten-s-labor-party-in-the-first-48-hours-following-s.md) _Context: Lower House_
5. [Australians vote to elect a government for the next three years.  Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, leader of the conservative Liberal Party-led Coalition, dissolved both houses of Parliament in May in a bid for a Senate more friendly to his agenda. The final result showed the Coalition with a bare 1 seat majority in the House with 76 seats and the Australian Labor Party with 69 seats. ](/news/2016/07/2/australians-vote-to-elect-a-government-for-the-next-three-years-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-leader-of-the-conservative-liberal-party.md) _Context: Senator_
6. [Justice Kenneth Hayne of the High Court of Australia voids the Senate election in the state of Western Australia due to the loss of ballot papers in a very close election. ](/news/2014/02/18/justice-kenneth-hayne-of-the-high-court-of-australia-voids-the-senate-election-in-the-state-of-western-australia-due-to-the-loss-of-ballot-p.md) _Context: Senator_
7. [Former Australian parliamentarian Craig Thomson is found guilty of theft and fraud during his time as national secretary of the Health Services Union. ](/news/2014/02/18/former-australian-parliamentarian-craig-thomson-is-found-guilty-of-theft-and-fraud-during-his-time-as-national-secretary-of-the-health-servi.md) _Context: Lower House_
8. [A sexual harassment case against former Speaker of the Australian House of Representatives Peter Slipper is dismissed. ](/news/2012/12/12/a-sexual-harassment-case-against-former-speaker-of-the-australian-house-of-representatives-peter-slipper-is-dismissed.md) _Context: Lower House_
9. [The Parliament of New South Wales officially appoints Bob Carr as a member of the Australian Senate filling a casual vacancy left by the resignation of Mark Arbib. ](/news/2012/03/6/the-parliament-of-new-south-wales-officially-appoints-bob-carr-as-a-member-of-the-australian-senate-filling-a-casual-vacancy-left-by-the-res.md) _Context: Senator_
10. [The Health Services Union disaffiliates from the Australian Labor Party in the states of New South Wales and Victoria and the Australian Capital Territory, following the commencement of a New South Wales Police Force investigation into alleged "inappropriate practices" by current and former union officials, including Craig Thomson, a member of the House of Representatives. ](/news/2011/09/16/the-health-services-union-disaffiliates-from-the-australian-labor-party-in-the-states-of-new-south-wales-and-victoria-and-the-australian-cap.md) _Context: Lower House_
