### [2005-07-2](/news/2005/07/2/index.md)

#  Former World No.1 Venus Williams comes back from match point down to defeat Lindsay Davenport in the longest ever Wimbledon Ladies' final of all time (4-6 7-6 9-7) for her third Wimbledon title and her first Grand Slam title since September 2001.




### Related:

1. [ Serena Williams wins the women's singles at the 2009 Wimbledon Championships after defeating her sister, Venus Williams. ](/news/2009/07/4/serena-williams-wins-the-women-s-singles-at-the-2009-wimbledon-championships-after-defeating-her-sister-venus-williams.md) _Context: Venus Williams, Wimbledon_
2. [ 2002 US Open: Lindsay Davenport defeated Yelena Bovina to advance to the semi-finals against the winner of Serena Williams vs. Daniela Hantuchov; Monica Seles defeated Martina Hingis to advance to the quarter-finals against Venus Williams.](/news/2002/09/3/2002-us-open-lindsay-davenport-defeated-yelena-bovina-to-advance-to-the-semi-finals-against-the-winner-of-serena-williams-vs-daniela-hant.md) _Context: Lindsay Davenport, Venus Williams_
3. [Serena Williams defeats her sister Venus Williams 6-4, 6-4 to win the women's singles and an Open era-record 23rd Grand Slam singles title. ](/news/2017/01/28/serena-williams-defeats-her-sister-venus-williams-6-4-6-4-to-win-the-women-s-singles-and-an-open-era-record-23rd-grand-slam-singles-title.md) _Context: Venus Williams_
4. [Indian Wells (California)  CEO and tennis tournament director Raymond Moore resigns following reactions of outrage, including by top-ranked Serena Williams and retired legend Martina Navratilova, to his comment that top-level women's players rode "on the coattails of the men" and were "very, very lucky" to have equal prize money. This is the event's second controversy involving female players. Serena and her sister Venus boycotted the tournament (also known as the BNP Paribas Open) until 2015 following verbal abuse directed toward the sisters in the 2001 open. ](/news/2016/03/22/indian-wells-california-ceo-and-tennis-tournament-director-raymond-moore-resigns-following-reactions-of-outrage-including-by-top-ranked.md) _Context: Venus Williams_
5. [In tennis, Venus Williams loses in the first round of the French Open for the first time since 2001. ](/news/2013/05/26/in-tennis-venus-williams-loses-in-the-first-round-of-the-french-open-for-the-first-time-since-2001.md) _Context: Venus Williams_
6. [Wimbledon announced that the prize money will be raised by 40% in the 2013 tournament, marking the largest payout in tennis history. ](/news/2013/04/23/wimbledon-announced-that-the-prize-money-will-be-raised-by-40-in-the-2013-tournament-marking-the-largest-payout-in-tennis-history.md) _Context: Wimbledon_
7. [2012 Wimbledon Championships:Five-time Wimbledon champion Venus Williams is dumped out of the first round by Elena Vesnina. ](/news/2012/06/25/2012-wimbledon-championships-pfive-time-wimbledon-champion-venus-williams-is-dumped-out-of-the-first-round-by-elena-vesnina.md) _Context: Venus Williams_
8. [ Venus Williams defeats sister Serena 7-5, 6-4 at the 2008 Wimbledon Championships Ladies' Final. ](/news/2008/07/5/venus-williams-defeats-sister-serena-7-5-6-4-at-the-2008-wimbledon-championships-ladies-final.md) _Context: Venus Williams_
9. [Roger Federer defeats Rafael Nadal 7-6, 4-6, 7-6, 2-6, 6-2 to claim his fifth consecutive Wimbledon title, equaling an Open Era record set by Bjorn Borg in 1980. Borg was in attendance to present the Wimbledon trophy to Federer. ](/news/2007/07/8/roger-federer-defeats-rafael-nadal-7a6-4a6-7a6-2a6-6a2-to-claim-his-fifth-consecutive-wimbledon-title-equaling-an-open-era-re.md) _Context: Wimbledon_
10. [ In tennis, Maria Sharapova becomes the first Russian woman to reach world number one replacing injured American Lindsay Davenport at the top of the WTA rankings. ](/news/2005/08/22/in-tennis-maria-sharapova-becomes-the-first-russian-woman-to-reach-world-number-one-replacing-injured-american-lindsay-davenport-at-the-to.md) _Context: Lindsay Davenport_
