### [2005-07-2](/news/2005/07/2/index.md)

#  The Live 8 concerts begin their globe-spanning tour in Tokyo. Several famous artists and musical groups are joining in this effort to raise awareness about poverty and AIDS in the leadup to the G8 summit and on the anniversary of the 1985 Live Aid concerts. (Wikinews), [http://www.wired.com/news/digiwood/0,1412,68069,00.html?tw=rss.TOP (Wired)], [http://www.theglobeandmail.com/servlet/story/RTGAM.20050702.weight0702/BNStory/Entertainment/ (Globe and Mail)], [http://www.latimes.com/news/politics/la-et-live2jul02,1,7633303.story?coll=la-headlines-politics (LA Times)]. Related information: [http://www.live8live.com/ (Live 8 home page)], ONE Campaign, [http://music.aol.com/ (AOL Music (live webcast))]




### Related:

1. [ Bob Geldof announces plans for a concert similar to Live Aid, which took place in 1985, to coincide with the G8 Summit in Edinburgh this July. The concert, named -Live 8-, will take place in Hyde Park, London on 2 July, with other concerts in Paris, Rome, Berlin and Philadelphia, and is intended to raise awareness of the Make Poverty History campaign. It is expected to include acts such as Sir Paul McCartney, Robbie Williams, Madonna, the Rolling Stones, Coldplay and U2, as well as a rumoured reunion of the Spice Girls. ](/news/2005/05/31/bob-geldof-announces-plans-for-a-concert-similar-to-live-aid-which-took-place-in-1985-to-coincide-with-the-g8-summit-in-edinburgh-this-ju.md) _Context: 1985, Group of Eight, Live 8_
2. [ A research team led by an evolutionary biologist at the University of Arizona publishes a paper in "Nature" on the genetic history of HIV proving that Gaetan Dugas, the Canadian flight attendant who had been identified for years as "Patient Zero" of the AIDS epidemic in the U.S., did not spread the virus to the country. The study indicates that HIV first spread to the U.S. from the Caribbean around 1970. ](/news/2016/10/26/a-research-team-led-by-an-evolutionary-biologist-at-the-university-of-arizona-publishes-a-paper-in-nature-on-the-genetic-history-of-hiv-p.md) _Context: AIDS_
3. [2016 Pacific typhoon season. Typhoon Mindulle is forecast to make landfall near the Japanese capital Tokyo with flights and train services being cancelled. It arrives one day after Typhoon Kompasu. ](/news/2016/08/22/2016-pacific-typhoon-season-typhoon-mindulle-is-forecast-to-make-landfall-near-the-japanese-capital-tokyo-with-flights-and-train-services-b.md) _Context: Tokyo_
4. [Tokyo, Japan, gubernatorial election, 2016. Yuriko Koike, of the Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) but not their preferred candidate, is elected the Tokyo prefecture's first female governor, replacing Yoichi Masuzoe who resigned last month. The former Minister of Defense defeated the LDP-Komeito ruling coalition's Hiroya Masuda and the opposition bloc's Shuntaro Torigoe. Turnout is over 40 percent. ](/news/2016/07/31/tokyo-japan-gubernatorial-election-2016-yuriko-koike-of-the-liberal-democratic-party-ldp-but-not-their-preferred-candidate-is-electe.md) _Context: Tokyo_
5. [Yoichi Masuzoe resigns as the Governor of the Japanese capital Tokyo over a political funding scandal. He was due to face a no-confidence motion in the Tokyo Metropolitan Assembly later today. ](/news/2016/06/15/yaichi-masuzoe-resigns-as-the-governor-of-the-japanese-capital-tokyo-over-a-political-funding-scandal-he-was-due-to-face-a-no-confidence-m.md) _Context: Tokyo_
6. [North Korea-United Kingdom relations. Rupert Wingfield-Hayes, the BBC's Tokyo correspondent, was detained in North Korea before being expelled by the government for "speaking very ill of the system". ](/news/2016/05/9/north-korea-united-kingdom-relations-rupert-wingfield-hayes-the-bbc-s-tokyo-correspondent-was-detained-in-north-korea-before-being-expe.md) _Context: Tokyo_
7. [Japan-United States relations. Thousands protest outside the Japanese parliament in Tokyo against the relocation of a U.S. military base on Okinawa Island. Residents cite noise, pollution, and crime as reasons for not wanting a new base built. ](/news/2016/02/21/japan-united-states-relations-thousands-protest-outside-the-japanese-parliament-in-tokyo-against-the-relocation-of-a-u-s-military-base-o.md) _Context: Tokyo_
8. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. Japan-North Korea relations. Japan deploys two MIM-104 Patriot surface-to-air missile interceptor systems in Tokyo in preparation for any North Korean ballistic missiles potentially heading for the city. The deployment comes amid concerns of an imminent North Korean missile launch following the detection of "increased activity" at a North Korean missile facility. ](/news/2016/01/31/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-japan-north-korea-relations-japan-deploys-two-mim-104-patriot-surface-to-air-missile-interce.md) _Context: Tokyo_
9. [Turing Pharmaceuticals says that it is looking for a new CEO in the aftermath of the indictment of its old boss, Martin Shkreli, on securities fraud charges. Turing and Shkreli became infamous together in September 2015, when they hiked the price of an AIDS drug by 5000%. ](/news/2015/12/22/turing-pharmaceuticals-says-that-it-is-looking-for-a-new-ceo-in-the-aftermath-of-the-indictment-of-its-old-boss-martin-shkreli-on-securiti.md) _Context: AIDS_
10. [Australia-Japan relations. In Tokyo, Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull says his country is -very disappointed- with Japan-s decision to resume whaling, but this dispute should not be allowed to hurt the two countries' special strategic ties. Malcolm Turnbull, who replaced Tony Abbott in September, is on his first visit to Japan which will include talks with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. ](/news/2015/12/18/australia-japan-relations-in-tokyo-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-says-his-country-is-very-disappointed-with-japan-s.md) _Context: Tokyo_
