### [2007-10-11](/news/2007/10/11/index.md)

#  Turkey recalls its ambassador to the United States due to anger over an upcoming House of Representatives vote on recognizing the Armenian Genocide. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2007/POLITICS/10/11/us.turkey.armenians/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Turkey welcomes a decision by the US House of Representatives not to vote on the Armenian Genocide Resolution during the final session of the 111th Congress. ](/news/2010/12/24/turkey-welcomes-a-decision-by-the-us-house-of-representatives-not-to-vote-on-the-armenian-genocide-resolution-during-the-final-session-of-th.md) _Context: Turkey, US House of Representatives, genocide of Armenians_
2. [2017 clashes at the Turkish Embassy in Washington, D.C.: Turkey summons United States Ambassador John R. Bass to protest alleged "aggressive and unprofessional actions" by American security personnel against Turkish bodyguards, calling for the United States to conduct a full investigation on the May 17 clashes. The American ambassador told Turkey's government that its guards violated U.S. laws. Last week, the U.S. summoned Turkish Ambassador Serdar Kilic to discuss about Turkish security officers hitting and kicking peaceful protesters outside the Turkish ambassador's residence in Washington, D.C. ](/news/2017/05/22/2017-clashes-at-the-turkish-embassy-in-washington-d-c-turkey-summons-united-states-ambassador-john-r-bass-to-protest-alleged-aggressive.md) _Context: Turkey, United States_
3. [Turkey-United States relations: The U.S. summons Turkish ambassador Serdar Kilic after violence between protesters and Turkish security personnel outside the Embassy of Turkey, Washington, D.C. leaves over a dozen people injured. U.S. Senator John McCain calls on the Trump administration to expel the ambassador. ](/news/2017/05/18/turkey-united-states-relations-the-u-s-summons-turkish-ambassador-serdar-ka-la-ass-after-violence-between-protesters-and-turkish-security.md) _Context: Turkey, United States_
4. [Syrian Civil War: American-led intervention in Syria: At least 47 ISIL militants have been killed by Turkish and U.S.-led bombing raids by fighter jets on the town of al-Bab in the last 24 hours, with the Turkish Armed Forces attacking 135 other ISIL targets in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/02/3/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-at-least-47-isil-militants-have-been-killed-by-turkish-and-u-s-led-bombing-raids-by-f.md) _Context: Turkey, United States_
5. [Amnesty International releases a report criticizing the rise of populist leaders such as Donald Trump of the United States, Viktor Orban of Hungary, Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines and Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey. ](/news/2017/02/22/amnesty-international-releases-a-report-criticizing-the-rise-of-populist-leaders-such-as-donald-trump-of-the-united-states-viktor-orba-n-of.md) _Context: Turkey, United States_
6. [The United States orders all civilian staff family members to leave its consulate in Istanbul, Turkey, due to increasing threats from terrorist organizations. ](/news/2016/10/30/the-united-states-orders-all-civilian-staff-family-members-to-leave-its-consulate-in-istanbul-turkey-due-to-increasing-threats-from-terror.md) _Context: Turkey, United States_
7. [Holy See-Turkey relations: Pope Francis's visit to Armenia this weekend may stress relations with Turkey. The Pope is seeking to avoid reigniting the diplomatic dispute that arose last year when he described the 1915 mass killings of Armenians as a genocide. The Vatican prefers the Armenian phrase "Medz Yeghern," which roughly translates as "the great evil or calamity." ](/news/2016/06/23/holy-see-turkey-relations-pope-francis-s-visit-to-armenia-this-weekend-may-stress-relations-with-turkey-the-pope-is-seeking-to-avoid-rei.md) _Context: Turkey, genocide of Armenians_
8. [Armenian Genocide recognition: The German Bundestag passes a resolution classifying the Ottoman Empire's killing of Armenians in 1915 as genocide, provoking a furious reaction in Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/2/armenian-genocide-recognition-the-german-bundestag-passes-a-resolution-classifying-the-ottoman-empire-s-killing-of-armenians-in-1915-as-gen.md) _Context: Turkey, genocide of Armenians_
9. [Germany-Turkey relations: Eleven Turkish-German members of Germany's Parliament, the Bundestag, who voted in support of declaring the Ottoman Turks slaughter of Armenians in 1915 a genocide, are under police protection. The legislators have faced heavy criticism from Turkish officials, as well as from Turkish Germans. ](/news/2016/06/13/germany-turkey-relations-eleven-turkish-german-members-of-germany-s-parliament-the-bundestag-who-voted-in-support-of-declaring-the-otto.md) _Context: Turkey, genocide of Armenians_
10. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan warns Germany against recognizing the Armenian Genocide. ](/news/2016/06/1/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-warns-germany-against-recognizing-the-armenian-genocide.md) _Context: Turkey, genocide of Armenians_
