### [2010-10-11](/news/2010/10/11/index.md)

# Benigno Aquino III, the President of the Philippines, elects only for administrative, and no criminal charges to be laid in relation to the botched Manila hostage crisis in August. 




### Source:

1. [Philippines Daily Enquirer](http://newsinfo.inquirer.net/inquirerheadlines/nation/view/20101012-297221/No-criminal-charges-over-hostage-fiasco)
2. [Philippines Star](http://www.philstar.com/Article.aspx?articleId=620208&publicationSubCategoryId=63)

### Related:

1. [The President of the Philippines, Benigno Aquino III, takes responsibility for the handling of the Manila hostage crisis in August. ](/news/2010/09/3/the-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-aquino-iii-takes-responsibility-for-the-handling-of-the-manila-hostage-crisis-in-august.md) _Context: Manila hostage crisis, President of the Philippines, his predecessor_
2. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte abolishes the Negros Island Region (first created in 2015 by his predecessor) through Executive Order no. 38, citing lack of funds to fully establish the region. Negros Occidental reverts back to the Western Visayas region, Negros Oriental back to the Central Visayas region. ](/news/2017/08/9/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-abolishes-the-negros-island-region-first-created-in-2015-by-his-predecessor-through-executive.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, his predecessor_
3. [Aftermath of the Former President of the Philippines Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III is indicted (among others) by the Office of the Ombudsman for his failure in handling the 2015 Mamasapano clash, which resulted in the deaths of 44 members of the Special Action Forces of the Philippine National Police. Aquino's legal team has vowed to appeal for a motion for reconsideration; as well as the group Volunteers Against Crime and Corruption (representing the victims' families), against what they call a "weak case" (citing Aquino's charges of "graft" & "usurpation of authority", instead of "reckless imprudence resulting in multiple homicide") ](/news/2017/07/14/aftermath-of-the-former-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-noynoy-aquino-iii-is-indicted-among-others-by-the-office-of-the-ombudsman-f.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, his predecessor_
4. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte fires thousands of former president Benigno Aquino III appointees from the government. ](/news/2016/08/22/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-fires-thousands-of-former-president-benigno-aquino-iii-appointees-from-the-government.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, his predecessor_
5. [''Philippines v. China''On his final day as President of the Philippines, Benigno Aquino III says he was right when he sued China over the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/06/29/philippines-v-china-pon-his-final-day-as-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-aquino-iii-says-he-was-right-when-he-sued-china-over-the.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, his predecessor_
6. [ Abu Sayyaf militants, who threatened to kill three foreigners kidnapped in September, 2015,  from a "high-end" Philippine resort, unless they were paid 900 million pesos (17 mil Euros) by midnight today (15:00 UTC), have beheaded one of the hostages, Canadian John Ridsdel. Philippine President Benigno Aquino III  had ordered an all-out effort to rescue the hostages, including a Philippine woman, kidnapped  by the Daesh-linked group. ](/news/2016/04/25/abu-sayyaf-militants-who-threatened-to-kill-three-foreigners-kidnapped-in-september-2015-from-a-high-end-philippine-resort-unless-th.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, his predecessor_
7. [Reuters reports Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Philippine President Benigno Aquino are set to agree on a deal paving the way for Tokyo to directly supply Manila with used military equipment. An announcement is expected this week during the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit in Manila. ](/news/2015/11/15/reuters-reports-japanese-prime-minister-shinza-abe-and-philippine-president-benigno-aquino-are-set-to-agree-on-a-deal-paving-the-way-for-to.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, his predecessor_
8. [ President Benigno Aquino III says the Philippines doesn't have the capacity to permanently house Manus Island refugees from Australian-run detention camps. ](/news/2015/10/27/president-benigno-aquino-iii-says-the-philippines-doesn-t-have-the-capacity-to-permanently-house-manus-island-refugees-from-australian-run.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, his predecessor_
9. [Philippine presidential election, 2016:President Benigno Aquino III endorses the presidential candidacy of Interior and Local Government Secretary Mar Roxas in 2016. ](/news/2015/07/31/philippine-presidential-election-2016-ppresident-benigno-aquino-iii-endorses-the-presidential-candidacy-of-interior-and-local-government-se.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, his predecessor_
10. [Benigno Aquino, the President of the Philippines, says that his government will start discussions with Japan about allowing Japan Self-Defense Forces to refuel at Filipino bases allowing the extension of operations into the South China Sea. ](/news/2015/06/5/benigno-aquino-the-president-of-the-philippines-says-that-his-government-will-start-discussions-with-japan-about-allowing-japan-self-defen.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, his predecessor_
