### [2010-10-11](/news/2010/10/11/index.md)

# Surgeons at the Shepherd Center in Atlanta, Georgia inject a spinal cord injury patient with embryonic stem cells in an experiment approved by United States Food and Drug Administration. 




### Source:

1. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/tech/science/2010-10-12-stemcells12_ST_N.htm)

### Related:

1. [A teacher suffers scrapes and bruises and a 14-year-old boy is shot in the back of the neck and suffers a non-life-threatening wound at Luther Judson Price Middle School, a newer Atlanta Public Schools facility in Atlanta, Georgia, United States. The boy is stable at a hospital and the suspected student was safely disarmed by a resource officer and arrested. ](/news/2013/01/31/a-teacher-suffers-scrapes-and-bruises-and-a-14-year-old-boy-is-shot-in-the-back-of-the-neck-and-suffers-a-non-life-threatening-wound-at-luth.md) _Context: Atlanta, Georgia, United States_
2. [Campaigning ends and voting begins in the suburbs of Atlanta in the U.S. state of Georgia between Republican Karen Handel and Democratic Jon Ossoff, where Republican Handel wins the election by a narrow margin. ](/news/2017/06/20/campaigning-ends-and-voting-begins-in-the-suburbs-of-atlanta-in-the-u-s-state-of-georgia-between-republican-karen-handel-and-democratic-jon.md) _Context: Atlanta, Georgia_
3. [Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia. ](/news/2017/04/18/democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u-s-house-seat-vacated-by-tom-price-now-health-and-human-serv.md) _Context: Atlanta, Georgia_
4. [Voting takes place in Atlanta, Georgia, to elect a new Chair of the Democratic National Committee. Candidates include Sally Boynton Brown, Keith Ellison, Jehmu Greene and former United States Secretary of Labor Tom Perez. ](/news/2017/02/25/voting-takes-place-in-atlanta-georgia-to-elect-a-new-chair-of-the-democratic-national-committee-candidates-include-sally-boynton-brown-k.md) _Context: Atlanta, Georgia_
5. [Severe storms kill at least 11 people and injure 23 in the U.S. state of Georgia. ](/news/2017/01/22/severe-storms-kill-at-least-11-people-and-injure-23-in-the-u-s-state-of-georgia.md) _Context: Georgia, United States_
6. [The United States Food and Drug Administration approves marketing of a cooling cap system to reduce hair loss in female breast cancer patients during chemotherapy. The DigniCap scalp cooling system, a product first available in Sweden in the 1990s, produces near-freezing temperatures that make it harder for cancer-fighting drugs to reach and harm hair follicles. ](/news/2015/12/8/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-approves-marketing-of-a-cooling-cap-system-to-reduce-hair-loss-in-female-breast-cancer-patien.md) _Context: U.S. Food and Drug Administration, United States_
7. [The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) lifts the 32-year-old, lifetime ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men. Men can donate if they haven't had sex with another man in the previous year. The FDA stance is in line with other countries, such as Australia, Brazil, Canada, New Zealand, and the U.K., and is consistent with rules on recent blood transfusion or accidental exposure to another individual's blood. ](/news/2015/12/21/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-fda-lifts-the-32-year-old-lifetime-ban-on-blood-donations-from-gay-and-bisexual-men-men-c.md) _Context: U.S. Food and Drug Administration, United States_
8. [The United States Food and Drug Administration approves the Merck & Co. drug, Bridion, that reverses the effects of muscle relaxants used during surgery. ](/news/2015/12/15/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-approves-the-merck-co-drug-bridion-that-reverses-the-effects-of-muscle-relaxants-used-du.md) _Context: U.S. Food and Drug Administration, United States_
9. [The Trans-Pacific Partnership between the United States and 11 Pacific Rim countries is finalized in the American city of Atlanta. According to wikileaks, the main point of the deal will be that trans-national corporations will not be subjected to the laws of individual countries. Instead, an international system will be formed with the right to overrule national laws and legal decisions. ](/news/2015/10/5/the-trans-pacific-partnership-between-the-united-states-and-11-pacific-rim-countries-is-finalized-in-the-american-city-of-atlanta-according.md) _Context: Atlanta, United States_
10. [The U.S. Food and Drug Administration orders R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company to stop further U.S. sale and distribution of four cigarette products because they may be more dangerous than similar older cigarettes. ](/news/2015/09/15/the-u-s-food-and-drug-administration-orders-r-j-reynolds-tobacco-company-to-stop-further-u-s-sale-and-distribution-of-four-cigarette-pro.md) _Context: U.S. Food and Drug Administration, United States_
