### [2010-10-11](/news/2010/10/11/index.md)

# The son of Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani, the woman sentenced to death by stoning, and two German journalists posing as tourists seeking to interview him, may have been arrested in Iran. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Herald Sun](http://www.heraldsun.com.au/news/world/iran-arrests-two-germans-over-stoning-sentence-case/story-e6frf7lf-1225937428928)

### Related:

1. [German-Iranian relations:: Following a visit by German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle to Iran, two German journalists charged with espionage are released and return to Germany having been imprisoned since October for interviewing the son and lawyer of Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani.](/news/2011/02/20/german-iranian-relations-following-a-visit-by-german-foreign-minister-guido-westerwelle-to-iran-two-german-journalists-charged-with-esp.md) _Context: Germany, Iran, Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani_
2. [Iran says two Germans arrested for interviewing the son of Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani, who has been sentenced to be stoned to death for adultery, have "admitted to breaking the law". ](/news/2010/10/15/iran-says-two-germans-arrested-for-interviewing-the-son-of-sakineh-mohammadi-ashtiani-who-has-been-sentenced-to-be-stoned-to-death-for-adul.md) _Context: Germany, Iran, Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani_
3. [Censorship in Iran: Iran sentences four reformist newspaper journalists to long prison terms for so-called national security crimes. Analysts say this case indicates that President Hassan Rouhani's calls for press freedoms will likey face an unsympathetic hearing from Iran's conservative judiciary. ](/news/2016/04/27/censorship-in-iran-iran-sentences-four-reformist-newspaper-journalists-to-long-prison-terms-for-so-called-national-security-crimes-analyst.md) _Context: Iran, journalist_
4. [Vienna Conference on Syria: Syrian Civil War: Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/vienna-conference-on-syria-syrian-civil-war-iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-represen.md) _Context: Germany, Iran_
5. [Iran, the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, People's Republic of China, Germany, and the European Union (the P5+1) reach a breakthrough agreement on the general framework for an agreement on Iran's nuclear program, but sign no verbal agreement or official document. The deadline for a full deal is June 30, 2015. ](/news/2015/04/2/iran-the-united-states-the-united-kingdom-france-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-germany-and-the-european-union-the-p5-1-reach-a.md) _Context: Germany, Iran_
6. [Representatives of six major world powers - China, France, Germany, United Kingdom, Russia and the United States - meet with Iranian officials to discuss the nation's nuclear program. ](/news/2013/02/26/representatives-of-six-major-world-powers-china-france-germany-united-kingdom-russia-and-the-united-states-meet-with-iranian-off.md) _Context: Germany, Iran_
7. [Four suspects are arrested in Germany for their alleged involvement in illegally providing Iran with necessary technical parts to build a nuclear reactor. ](/news/2012/08/15/four-suspects-are-arrested-in-germany-for-their-alleged-involvement-in-illegally-providing-iran-with-necessary-technical-parts-to-build-a-nu.md) _Context: Germany, Iran_
8. [Iranian director Asghar Farhadi wins three awards, including the Golden Bear, for his film "Nader and Simin, A Separation" as the 61st Berlin International Film Festival ends. There are other winners from Argentina, Albania, Germany and Hungary. ](/news/2011/02/19/iranian-director-asghar-farhadi-wins-three-awards-including-the-golden-bear-for-his-film-nader-and-simin-a-separation-as-the-61st-berli.md) _Context: Germany, Iran_
9. [Talks between Iran and the five permanent members of the UN Security Council plus Germany break down without an agreement to end the eight-year-old impasse over Iran's nuclear program, after Iranian officials refused to negotiate unless preconditions including an immediate halt to UN sanctions on Iran were met. ](/news/2011/01/23/talks-between-iran-and-the-five-permanent-members-of-the-un-security-council-plus-germany-break-down-without-an-agreement-to-end-the-eight-y.md) _Context: Germany, Iran_
10. [One hundred German political and business leaders publish an appeal to Iran to free two German reporters imprisoned in Iran since October after being arrested while interviewing the son of Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani who has been sentenced to death for murder, manslaughter, and adultery. ](/news/2011/01/2/one-hundred-german-political-and-business-leaders-publish-an-appeal-to-iran-to-free-two-german-reporters-imprisoned-in-iran-since-october-af.md) _Context: Iran, Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani_
