### [2001-09-10](/news/2001/09/10/index.md)

#  Donald Rumsfeld warns of $2,300,000,000,000 of Pentagon spending that cannot be accounted for. 




### Source:

1. [Defense](http://www.defense.gov/speeches/speech.aspx?speechid=430)

### Related:

1. [ The Washington Post alleges that the Pentagon is running a military organization known as the Strategic Support Branch which is under the direct control of U.S. Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld. Allegedly it is used to bypass the limitations of working with the Central Intelligence Agency. The Pentagon stated "There is no unit that is directly reportable to the secretary of defense for clandestine operations" and the department "is not attempting to 'bend' statutes to fit desired activities". ](/news/2005/01/22/the-washington-post-alleges-that-the-pentagon-is-running-a-military-organization-known-as-the-strategic-support-branch-which-is-under-the-d.md) _Context: Donald Rumsfeld, United States military_
2. [ The Pentagon confirms a report in "The New York Times" that CIA chief George Tenet&nbsp;- who steps down from the post next month&nbsp;- was allowed by U.S. Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld to have an Iraqi prisoner secretly detained in alleged violation of the Geneva Convention. ](/news/2004/06/17/the-pentagon-confirms-a-report-in-the-new-york-times-that-cia-chief-george-tenet-nbsp-a-who-steps-down-from-the-post-next-month-nbsp-a.md) _Context: Donald Rumsfeld, United States military_
3. [ United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld and Secretary of State Colin Powell defend their pre-September 11 actions, saying that even if Osama bin Laden had been killed, the attacks on the World Trade Center and The Pentagon would have still occurred. Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright and former Secretary of Defense William Cohen also testify before the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States. ](/news/2004/03/23/united-states-secretary-of-defense-donald-rumsfeld-and-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-defend-their-pre-september-11-actions-saying-that-e.md) _Context: Donald Rumsfeld, United States military_
4. [ United States Army secretary Thomas E. White resigns amidst tensions with Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld over the direction future Army weapons development programs should take, and controversy surrounding White's previous employer, Enron. The Pentagon declines to provide specifics on the circumstances of his resignation.](/news/2003/04/25/united-states-army-secretary-thomas-e-white-resigns-amidst-tensions-with-secretary-of-defense-donald-rumsfeld-over-the-direction-future-ar.md) _Context: Donald Rumsfeld, United States military_
5. [The United States military reports that their investigation found 105 civilians were killed and 36 people are still missing from the bombing of a Mosul building on March 17. ](/news/2017/05/25/the-united-states-military-reports-that-their-investigation-found-105-civilians-were-killed-and-36-people-are-still-missing-from-the-bombing.md) _Context: United States military_
6. [ The Pentagon rejects a Russian proposal to stage joint airstrikes against Al-Qaeda linked groups in Syria. ](/news/2016/05/21/the-pentagon-rejects-a-russian-proposal-to-stage-joint-airstrikes-against-al-qaeda-linked-groups-in-syria.md) _Context: United States military_
7. [A U.S. official announces that The Pentagon plans to transfer about a dozen inmates from the Guantanamo Bay detention camp to at least two countries that have agreed to take them, in the latest move in Barack Obama's final push to close the facility. The official declined to name the countries ready to take them in. ](/news/2016/03/31/a-u-s-official-announces-that-the-pentagon-plans-to-transfer-about-a-dozen-inmates-from-the-guantanamo-bay-detention-camp-to-at-least-two-c.md) _Context: United States military_
8. [Russia expands its military presence in Syria with an additional airbase that can accommodate fixed-winged military aircraft. The U.S. Department of Defense also confirms that Russia added S-400 surface-to-air missiles to its Syrian stockpile and armed its military aircraft with air-to-air missiles. According to Military Times, "A Pentagon spokesman expressed concern" these moves indicate Russia's commitment to aiding the embattled Assad regime as opposed to combating ISIL. No Syrian opposition groups including ISIL have combat-ready aircraft that require air-to-air missiles. ](/news/2015/12/2/russia-expands-its-military-presence-in-syria-with-an-additional-airbase-that-can-accommodate-fixed-winged-military-aircraft-the-u-s-depar.md) _Context: United States military_
9. [Northrop Grumman, the developer of the Air Force's current bomber, the B-2, beats out the Boeing-Lockheed Martin team and is awarded the Pentagon contract to build a fleet of stealthy planes known as the Long Range Strike Bomber (LRS-B). ](/news/2015/10/27/northrop-grumman-the-developer-of-the-air-force-s-current-bomber-the-b-2-beats-out-the-boeing-lockheed-martin-team-and-is-awarded-the-pen.md) _Context: United States military_
10. [Humanitarian International Services Group, an NGO founded by evangelical Christian Kay Miramine, was part of a secret Pentagon program devised by Lt. Gen. William Boykin used to spy on North Korea, according to an investigation by the online publication "The Intercept." The program, which started in 2004, was shut down in 2012 by now-retired Admiral William McRaven, concerned with pushback if this became public. Some current and former American NGO staff with experience in North Korea have expressed doubts about key claims in the report. ](/news/2015/10/27/humanitarian-international-services-group-an-ngo-founded-by-evangelical-christian-kay-miramine-was-part-of-a-secret-pentagon-program-devis.md) _Context: United States military_
