### [2011-07-29](/news/2011/07/29/index.md)

# South Sudan joins the African Union as its 54<sup>th</sup> member. 

The African Union (AU) has admitted South Sudan as its 54th member, marking another recognition for the world’s newest nation. The African Union said it received the requisite number of written commun


### Source:

1. [The Hindu](http://www.thehindu.com/news/international/article2305415.ece)

### Related:

1. [South Sudanese Civil War: A long-awaited report released by an African Union investigative team led by former Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo describes atrocities and the discovery of mass graves in South Sudan, citing government forces and their allies as responsible parties. ](/news/2015/10/29/south-sudanese-civil-war-a-long-awaited-report-released-by-an-african-union-investigative-team-led-by-former-nigerian-president-olusegun-ob.md) _Context: African Union, South Sudan_
2. [Health in South Sudan: Fifteen young children die of "severe sepsis/toxicity" from contaminated vaccine during South Sudan's measles vaccination campaign. In one instance, a syringe containing vaccine stored without refrigeration was used for all the children over four days. ](/news/2017/06/2/health-in-south-sudan-fifteen-young-children-die-of-severe-sepsis-toxicity-from-contaminated-vaccine-during-south-sudan-s-measles-vaccina.md) _Context: South Sudan_
3. [Population displacement: The number of people displaced globally totals 65.6 million after an addition of 10.3 million people displaced in 2016. Syria, Colombia, Afghanistan, Iraq and South Sudan are the countries in the top five. ](/news/2017/06/19/population-displacement-the-number-of-people-displaced-globally-totals-65-6-million-after-an-addition-of-10-3-million-people-displaced-in-2.md) _Context: South Sudan_
4. [Stephen O'Brien, head of the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, reports that the world is experiencing its most severe humanitarian crisis since World War II, with over 20 million people suffering from severe lack of food security in Yemen, South Sudan, Somalia, and Northeast Nigeria. ](/news/2017/03/10/stephen-o-brien-head-of-the-united-nations-office-for-the-coordination-of-humanitarian-affairs-reports-that-the-world-is-experiencing-its.md) _Context: South Sudan_
5. [More than 4.9 million people in South Sudan are in need of aid due to a famine. ](/news/2017/02/21/more-than-4-9-million-people-in-south-sudan-are-in-need-of-aid-due-to-a-famine.md) _Context: South Sudan_
6. [2017 South Sudan famine: The World Food Programme (WFP) and other United Nations agencies declare that there is a famine in parts of Unity State, South Sudan, with 100,000 facing starvation and another million on the brink of famine. ](/news/2017/02/20/2017-south-sudan-famine-the-world-food-programme-wfp-and-other-united-nations-agencies-declare-that-there-is-a-famine-in-parts-of-unity-s.md) _Context: South Sudan_
7. [South Sudanese Civil War: Two top level officials overseeing South Sudan's military courts resign from their posts, accusing the government of interfering in the court's moves to discipline soldiers accused of rape and murder. The resignations come less than a week after a military general and the Minister of Labour resigned in protest of President Salva Kiir Mayardit's alleged approval of atrocities against civilians not belonging to the Dinka group. ](/news/2017/02/19/south-sudanese-civil-war-two-top-level-officials-overseeing-south-sudan-s-military-courts-resign-from-their-posts-accusing-the-government.md) _Context: South Sudan_
8. [Enlargement of the African Union: Morocco rejoins the African Union after a 33-year absence, despite opposition from several member states over the political status of Western Sahara. ](/news/2017/01/31/enlargement-of-the-african-union-morocco-rejoins-the-african-union-after-a-33-year-absence-despite-opposition-from-several-member-states-o.md) _Context: African Union_
9. [Aftermath of the Gambian presidential election, 2016: The African Union says it will cease to recognize Yahya Jammeh as President of The Gambia on January 19, the date he is to hand power over to his opponent Adama Barrow, who won last year's election. ](/news/2017/01/13/aftermath-of-the-gambian-presidential-election-2016-the-african-union-says-it-will-cease-to-recognize-yahya-jammeh-as-president-of-the-gam.md) _Context: African Union_
10. [Ethnic violence in South Sudan (2011-present): A United Nations human rights commission in South Sudan claims a "steady process of ethnic cleansing is underway" in the war-torn nation. ](/news/2016/12/1/ethnic-violence-in-south-sudan-2011-present-a-united-nations-human-rights-commission-in-south-sudan-claims-a-steady-process-of-ethnic.md) _Context: South Sudan_
