### [2012-06-19](/news/2012/06/19/index.md)

# A United Nations investigator calls on the United States to justify its increasing use of drones against al-Qaeda and Taliban targets. 

A U.N. investigator has called on the Obama administration to justify its policy of assassinating rather than capturing al Qaeda or Taliban suspects, increasingly with the use of unmanned drone aircraft that also take civilian lives.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/2012/06/19/uk-usa-un-drones-idUKBRE85I0FR20120619)

### Related:

1. [ War in Somalia. U.S. officials say unmanned airstrikes in southern Somalia killed about a dozen suspected militants from the al Qaeda-linked group al Shabaab on Monday and Tuesday. ](/news/2016/04/12/war-in-somalia-u-s-officials-say-unmanned-airstrikes-in-southern-somalia-killed-about-a-dozen-suspected-militants-from-the-al-qaeda-linke.md) _Context: United States, al-Qaeda, drone_
2. [ A drone strike by the United States kills 50 Taliban militants in South Waziristan, Pakistan. ](/news/2009/07/9/a-drone-strike-by-the-united-states-kills-50-taliban-militants-in-south-waziristan-pakistan.md) _Context: Taliban, United States, drone_
3. [ Pakistan raises concerns about a draft bill adopted by the United States Congress that ties United States foreign aid to progress in the fight against Al Qaeda and the Taliban. ](/news/2007/07/28/pakistan-raises-concerns-about-a-draft-bill-adopted-by-the-united-states-congress-that-ties-united-states-foreign-aid-to-progress-in-the-fi.md) _Context: Taliban, United States, al-Qaeda_
4. [ Khurshid Kasuri, the Foreign Minister of Pakistan warns the United States that it would be completely counterproductive" to launch a strike against Al Qaeda and Taliban positions in the tribal areas of Pakistan. ](/news/2007/07/22/khurshid-kasuri-the-foreign-minister-of-pakistan-warns-the-united-states-that-it-would-be-completely-counterproductive-to-launch-a-strike.md) _Context: Taliban, United States, al-Qaeda_
5. [The Obama Administration and Bush Administration had failed to publicly disclose up to thousands of lethal airstrikes the U.S. made in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria against ISIL, Al-Qaeda, and the Taliban via U.S. Army helicopters and drones. ](/news/2017/02/5/the-obama-administration-and-bush-administration-had-failed-to-publicly-disclose-up-to-thousands-of-lethal-airstrikes-the-u-s-made-in-afgha.md) _Context: Taliban, al-Qaeda_
6. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). According to the Afghan Interior Ministry, Mullah Abdul Salam Akhund, a senior Taliban commander, is killed in a U.S. airstrike in Kunduz Province. ](/news/2017/02/27/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-according-to-the-afghan-interior-ministry-mullah-abdul-salam-akhund-a-senior-taliban-commander-is-ki.md) _Context: Taliban, United States_
7. [For the first time in 25 years, the United States abstains in a United Nations vote calling for an end to its Cuban economic embargo. ](/news/2016/10/26/for-the-first-time-in-25-years-the-united-states-abstains-in-a-united-nations-vote-calling-for-an-end-to-its-cuban-economic-embargo.md) _Context: United Nations, United States_
8. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). The United States launches airstrikes on ISIL positions in the Libyan city of Sirte following a request from the UN-backed Government of National Accord. Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj, in a televised address, says the strikes have caused "heavy ISIL losses". ](/news/2016/08/1/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-united-states-launches-airstrikes-on-isil-positions-in-the-libyan-city-of-sirte-following-a-request-f.md) _Context: United Nations, United States_
9. [Israel-Palestine relations. The report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council - the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union - calls on Israel to end settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, -The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/israel-palestine-relations-the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states.md) _Context: United Nations, United States_
10. [Syrian peace process. United Nations envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura appeals to the United States and Russia to intervene to help revive the failing Syrian peace talks. He stressed fighting needs to decrease for the talks to work, and that won't happen "without some sort of political solution on the horizon." ](/news/2016/04/28/syrian-peace-process-united-nations-envoy-for-syria-staffan-de-mistura-appeals-to-the-united-states-and-russia-to-intervene-to-help-revive.md) _Context: United Nations, United States_
