### [2012-06-19](/news/2012/06/19/index.md)

# Palestinian militants fire a barrage of rockets into southern Israel following an Israel Air Force strike that killed two Islamic Jihad gunmen; IAF strikes at militant targets in Gaza have killed six Palestinians since yesterday. 

Fresh air raids on Gaza military targets, after Hamas fighters fire 45 rockets across the border in 24 hours.


### Source:

1. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Defense/Article.aspx?id=274432)
2. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/middleeast/2012/06/2012619131729685366.html)
3. [Ynet News](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-4244543,00.html)

### Related:

1. [In response to the firing of a Kassam rocket from the Gaza Strip into southern Israel, Israel planes bomb three targets, including two refugee camps and a weapons factory in the Gaza Strip, injuring two people. ](/news/2011/01/3/in-response-to-the-firing-of-a-kassam-rocket-from-the-gaza-strip-into-southern-israel-israel-planes-bomb-three-targets-including-two-refug.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israel Air Force, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
2. [The Palestinian militant group "Army of Islam" fires rockets from Gaza into southern Israel in response to the killing of three of its members by Israel last month, with one rocket landing close to a kindergarten near Ashkelon, injuring a 14-year-old girl; Israeli jets respond with air strikes in the Gaza Strip, injuring at least two Palestinian militants, Palestinian sources say. ](/news/2010/12/21/the-palestinian-militant-group-army-of-islam-fires-rockets-from-gaza-into-southern-israel-in-response-to-the-killing-of-three-of-its-membe.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israel Air Force, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
3. [In response to militants firing rockets into southern Israel, the Israel Air Force launches two raids on the southern Gaza Strip; one Palestinian is wounded. ](/news/2010/11/6/in-response-to-militants-firing-rockets-into-southern-israel-the-israel-air-force-launches-two-raids-on-the-southern-gaza-strip-one-palest.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israel Air Force, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
4. [Responding to Palestinians firing phosphorus shells and mortars into Israel,  the Israel Air Force bombs at least two targets in the Gaza Strip and will file a complaint with the UN. The Salah al-Din Brigades claim responsibility, saying the rockets were responding to the killing of two members of the al-Qaida affiliated Army of Islam in Gaza. ](/news/2010/11/19/responding-to-palestinians-firing-phosphorus-shells-and-mortars-into-israel-the-israel-air-force-bombs-at-least-two-targets-in-the-gaza-st.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israel Air Force, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:In response to a rocket attack on southern Israel, Israeli airforce jets strike several targets in Gaza overnight, including Yasser Arafat International Airport, a weapons manufacturing facility and an infiltration tunnel into Israel. ](/news/2010/07/1/israeli-palestinian-conflict-pin-response-to-a-rocket-attack-on-southern-israel-israeli-airforce-jets-strike-several-targets-in-gaza-overni.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israel Air Force, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
6. [For the second time this week, a rocket fired from Gaza lands in Israel.  There were no immediate reports of injuries, or claims of responsibility. ](/news/2015/06/6/for-the-second-time-this-week-a-rocket-fired-from-gaza-lands-in-israel-there-were-no-immediate-reports-of-injuries-or-claims-of-responsi.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
7. [A rocket fired from the Gaza Strip towards the Ashkelon region fell short and did not land in Israel with Palestinian sources indicating it may have hit a house. There were no immediate reports of injuries, or claims of responsibility. Journalists speculate that ISIL-affiliated groups are responsible. ](/news/2015/06/11/a-rocket-fired-from-the-gaza-strip-towards-the-ashkelon-region-fell-short-and-did-not-land-in-israel-with-palestinian-sources-indicating-it.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
8. [At least 100 rockets have been fired from Gaza into southern Israel over the last 3 days, with the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine claiming responsibility.  The IDF responded by shelling two alleged PIJ targets. ](/news/2014/03/13/at-least-100-rockets-have-been-fired-from-gaza-into-southern-israel-over-the-last-3-days-with-the-islamic-jihad-movement-in-palestine-claim.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel_
9. [Gaza-Israel conflict:Five people are injured on the Gaza Strip in an Israel Air Force raid following Palestinian militants firing a rocket towards Ashkelon. ](/news/2014/01/16/gazaaisrael-conflict-pfive-people-are-injured-on-the-gaza-strip-in-an-israel-air-force-raid-following-palestinian-militants-firing-a-rocke.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel Air Force, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
10. [Operation Pillar of Defense:Israeli air strikes kill at least 20 Palestinians in the Gaza Strip including Islamic Jihad members, while over 130 rockets are fired towards Israel injuring several, amid ceasefire talks in Egypt. ](/news/2012/11/19/operation-pillar-of-defense-pisraeli-air-strikes-kill-at-least-20-palestinians-in-the-gaza-strip-including-islamic-jihad-members-while-over.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel_
