### [2008-03-8](/news/2008/03/8/index.md)

#  Serbian Prime Minister Vojislav Kostunica resigns, dissolving a coalition too divided over the loss of Kosovo to carry on governing. 

Latest breaking news, including politics, crime and celebrity. Find stories, updates and expert opinion.


### Source:

1. [AP via Google News](http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5gfr72vt3X8HCz0cLInrmZBZgxkZAD8V9CGKO0)
2. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml?xml=/news/2008/03/08/wserbia108.xml)

### Related:

1. [ Serbian Defense Minister Dragan Sutanovac accuses allies of Prime Minister Vojislav Kostunica of coordinating and leading anti-Western riots in Belgrade and Kosovo. ](/news/2008/03/31/serbian-defense-minister-dragan-a-utanovac-accuses-allies-of-prime-minister-vojislav-koa-tunica-of-coordinating-and-leading-anti-western-ri.md) _Context: Kosovo, Serbia, Vojislav Kostunica_
2. [Government of Serbia. Serbian president Aleksandar Vucic nominates Ana Brnabic as the next Prime Minister of Serbia. If confirmed by the National Assembly, Brnabic will become Serbia's first female and lesbian Prime Minister. ](/news/2017/06/15/government-of-serbia-serbian-president-aleksandar-vuaia-nominates-ana-brnabia-as-the-next-prime-minister-of-serbia-if-confirmed-by-the.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Serbia, Serbia_
3. [Serbian presidential election, 2017. Voters in Serbia go to the polls for an election, which Prime Minster Aleksandar Vucic of the conservative Serbian Progressive Party is expected to win. In projections, Vucic gets around 55% of the votes, avoiding a second round. ](/news/2017/04/2/serbian-presidential-election-2017-voters-in-serbia-go-to-the-polls-for-an-election-which-prime-minster-aleksandar-vuaia-of-the-conserv.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Serbia, Serbia_
4. [Kosovo-Serbia relations. Serbian President Tomislav Nikolic accuses Kosovo of "seeking a war" after a train, en route to the Serb-majority city of Mitrovica in North Kosovo, and decorated in Serbian national colors and the words ""Kosovo je Srbija"" (Kosovo is Serbia), was prevented from crossing the Kosovan border. The Prime Minister of Kosovo Isa Mustafa says the train had been stopped "to protect the country's sovereignty". ](/news/2017/01/15/kosovo-serbia-relations-serbian-president-tomislav-nikolia-accuses-kosovo-of-seeking-a-war-after-a-train-en-route-to-the-serb-majorit.md) _Context: Kosovo, Serbia_
5. [An attacker throws a grenade and fires shots outside a sports hall in the small town of Zubin Potok in northern Kosovo, just hours before Serbian Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic was due to hold an election rally there. "A hand grenade exploded outside the sports hall but there are no injuries," Besim Hoti, a Kosovo police commander in the area, told Reuters. ](/news/2016/04/3/an-attacker-throws-a-grenade-and-fires-shots-outside-a-sports-hall-in-the-small-town-of-zubin-potok-in-northern-kosovo-just-hours-before-se.md) _Context: Kosovo, Prime Minister of Serbia_
6. [Serbian parliamentary election, 2016. Serbian President Tomislav Nikolic, at the request of Serbian Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic, dissolves Serbia's parliament and calls for early elections to take place on April 24. ](/news/2016/03/4/serbian-parliamentary-election-2016-serbian-president-tomislav-nikolia-at-the-request-of-serbian-prime-minister-aleksandar-vuaia-diss.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Serbia, Serbia_
7. [Brussels Agreement (2013). Kosovo-Serbia relations. Anti-Serbian protesters set fire to the government's headquarters in Kosovo's capital, Pristina, over an EU-brokered deal that will give Kosovo's ethnic Serb minority greater local powers. ](/news/2016/01/9/brussels-agreement-2013-kosovo-serbia-relations-anti-serbian-protesters-set-fire-to-the-government-s-headquarters-in-kosovo-s-capital.md) _Context: Kosovo, Serbia_
8. [Serbian Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic is pelted with stones and other objects as he attempts to pay respects to the victims of the Bosnian Genocide, Vucic is a former member of the Serbian Radical Party, a far right anti-Islam party. ](/news/2015/07/11/serbian-prime-minister-aleksandar-vuaia-is-pelted-with-stones-and-other-objects-as-he-attempts-to-pay-respects-to-the-victims-of-the-bosni.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Serbia, Serbia_
9. [Serbia's Prime Minister Ivica Dacic, who was flashed by a model without underwear masquerading as a television interviewer, launches an investigation into how he became the target of the prank. ](/news/2013/01/31/serbia-s-prime-minister-ivica-daaia-who-was-flashed-by-a-model-without-underwear-masquerading-as-a-television-interviewer-launches-an-in.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Serbia, Serbia_
10. [Luka Bojovic, an alleged member of the Zemun Clan, is arrested in Valencia, Spain, for involvement in over 20 murders in Serbia, the Netherlands and Spain, including the killing of former Prime Minister of Serbia Zoran Dindic. ](/news/2012/02/10/luka-bojovia-an-alleged-member-of-the-zemun-clan-is-arrested-in-valencia-spain-for-involvement-in-over-20-murders-in-serbia-the-nether.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Serbia, Serbia_
