### [2004-01-2](/news/2004/01/2/index.md)

#  South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation, composed of foreign ministers from seven south Asian countries (Pakistan, India, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Nepal, Maldives and Bhutan) meeting in Islamabad agree to create the South Asian Free Trade Area (SAFTA) by 2006. 

NDTV.com: India, Business, Bollywood, Cricket, Video and Breaking News


### Source:

1. [NDTV](http://www.ndtv.com/template/template.asp?template=Indopakfaceoff&slug=Foreign+Ministers+clear+SAFTA+draft&id=13501&callid=0&category=National)

### Related:

1. [Demonstrations against sexual violence after Delhi gang rape spread across Asia and are now happening in Nepal, Sri Lanka, Pakistan and Bangladesh. ](/news/2013/01/4/demonstrations-against-sexual-violence-after-delhi-gang-rape-spread-across-asia-and-are-now-happening-in-nepal-sri-lanka-pakistan-and-bang.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Nepal, Pakistan, Sri Lanka_
2. [Members of the 19th South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) summit, scheduled to be held in Pakistan during November 2016, postpone the meeting following a Indian-led boycott, including Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Bhutan in response to Pakistan's alleged involvement in a deadly terrorist attack on a Indian Army base in Uri, Jammu and Kashmir, on September 18. ](/news/2016/09/28/members-of-the-19th-south-asian-association-for-regional-cooperation-saarc-summit-scheduled-to-be-held-in-pakistan-during-november-2016.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Bhutan, Pakistan_
3. [2011 Sikkim earthquake:A magnitude 6.9 earthquake occurs in northwestern Sikkim, northern India, causing shaking in parts of India, Nepal, Bhutan, Bangladesh and Tibet Autonomous Region. At least thirty seven deaths are reported. ](/news/2011/09/18/2011-sikkim-earthquake-pa-magnitude-6-9-earthquake-occurs-in-northwestern-sikkim-northern-india-causing-shaking-in-parts-of-india-nepal.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Bhutan, Nepal_
4. [ The UK Office for National Statistics announces that, in 2005, 565,000 immigrants arrived in the UK, mainly from Poland, India, Pakistan, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka, while there were 380,000 emigrants, over half of whom were UK citizens. The most popular emigration destinations were Australia, Spain, and France. The net immigration total, 185,000, was 17,000 less than 2004's record. ](/news/2006/11/2/the-uk-office-for-national-statistics-announces-that-in-2005-565-000-immigrants-arrived-in-the-uk-mainly-from-poland-india-pakistan-b.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Pakistan, Sri Lanka_
5. [Pakistani Chief of Air Staff Sohail Aman warns India not to escalate tensions in the disputed territory of Kashmir under the threat of a full-scale war. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson urges both sides to restrain themselves while on a diplomatic mission to Islamabad. ](/news/2016/11/24/pakistani-chief-of-air-staff-sohail-aman-warns-india-not-to-escalate-tensions-in-the-disputed-territory-of-kashmir-under-the-threat-of-a-ful.md) _Context: Islamabad, Pakistan_
6. [The head of Bangladesh's largest Islamist party, Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami, Motiur Rahman Nizami, is executed for his alleged role in acts of genocide and war crimes 45 years ago during the independence war against Pakistan in 1971. Nizami is the fifth senior opposition leader to be executed in connection with the war; a total of 17 people have received the death penalty. Authorities prepare for possibly violent protests. ](/news/2016/05/11/the-head-of-bangladeshas-largest-islamist-party-bangladesh-jamaat-e-islami-motiur-rahman-nizami-is-executed-for-his-alleged-role-in-act.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Pakistan_
7. [The World Wildlife Fund reports global populations of tigers, an endangered species,  are up about 20 percent over the past six years.  This increase in tiger numbers, after declining for a century, was primarily in India, Russia, Nepal, and Bhutan. The third Asian Ministerial Conference on Tiger Conservation starts Monday in New Delhi, India.  ](/news/2016/04/10/the-world-wildlife-fund-reports-global-populations-of-tigers-an-endangered-species-are-up-about-20-percent-over-the-past-six-years-this.md) _Context: Bhutan, Nepal_
8. [The Afghan Taliban releases a statement rejecting peace talks with the government of Afghanistan until foreign forces stop attacking their positions and withdraw from the country. Direct peace talks between the government and the Taliban were expected to take place in Islamabad, Pakistan next week. ](/news/2016/03/5/the-afghan-taliban-releases-a-statement-rejecting-peace-talks-with-the-government-of-afghanistan-until-foreign-forces-stop-attacking-their-p.md) _Context: Islamabad, Pakistan_
9. [The government of Pakistan warns that it will push to clear the Islamist protests occurring in Islamabad. Protests have broken out in the capital and other cities ever since Mumtaz Qadri was executed last February for his role in killing Punjab governor Salmaan Taseer in 2011 because he opposed Pakistan's blasphemy laws. ](/news/2016/03/30/the-government-of-pakistan-warns-that-it-will-push-to-clear-the-islamist-protests-occurring-in-islamabad-protests-have-broken-out-in-the-ca.md) _Context: Islamabad, Pakistan_
10. [Sartaj Aziz, a top foreign affairs adviser for Pakistan, publicly admits for the first time that the Afghan Taliban's leadership is living in the country and that Islamabad has "considerable influence" over them. ](/news/2016/03/3/sartaj-aziz-a-top-foreign-affairs-adviser-for-pakistan-publicly-admits-for-the-first-time-that-the-afghan-taliban-s-leadership-is-living-i.md) _Context: Islamabad, Pakistan_
