### [2015-10-31](/news/2015/10/31/index.md)

# A newly formed U.S.-backed Syrian rebel alliance, Democratic Forces of Syria, launches an offensive against Islamic State forces in the northeast province of Hasaka. 

A newly formed U.S.-backed Syrian rebel alliance on Saturday launched an offensive against Islamic State in the northeast province of Hasaka, a day after the United States said it would send special forces to advise insurgents fighting the jihadists.


### Source:

1. [International Business Times](http://www.ibtimes.com/democratic-forces-syria-battles-islamic-state-rebel-group-announces-first-offensive-2163878)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/31/us-mideast-crisis-syria-idUSKCN0SP0EA20151031?feedType=RSS&feedName=newsOne&google_editors_picks=true)

### Related:

1. [The United States Marine Corps' 11th Marine Expeditionary Unit arrives in Syria ahead of a Syrian Democratic Forces operation to take control of ISIL's de facto capital of Raqqa. ](/news/2017/03/8/the-united-states-marine-corps-11th-marine-expeditionary-unit-arrives-in-syria-ahead-of-a-syrian-democratic-forces-operation-to-take-contro.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, ISIL, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces_
2. [The United States acknowledges that its warplanes may have hit a Syrian Army position near Deir ez-Zor Airport in eastern Syria, while conducting an operation against ISIL, killing more than 60 Syrian troops. ](/news/2016/09/17/the-united-states-acknowledges-that-its-warplanes-may-have-hit-a-syrian-army-position-near-deir-ez-zor-airport-in-eastern-syria-while-condu.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, ISIL, Syria, Syrian Civil War, U.S._
3. [U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) say they have seized full control of Manbij in Syria's northern Aleppo Governorate after ISIL militants withdrew from their last remaining strongholds in the city. ](/news/2016/08/12/u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-say-they-have-seized-full-control-of-manbij-in-syria-s-northern-aleppo-governorate-after-isil-mil.md) _Context: ISIL, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces, U.S._
4. [The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) take control of the Baath Dam on the Euphrates, near the ISIL stronghold of Raqqa, and upon doing so, rename it "Freedom Dam".  ](/news/2017/06/4/the-u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-take-control-of-the-baath-dam-on-the-euphrates-near-the-isil-stronghold-of-raqqa-and-upon-d.md) _Context: ISIL, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces, U.S._
5. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: ISIL, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces_
6. [United States aircraft bomb a convoy belonging to the Syrian pro-government militia within a so-called "deconfliction zone" around Al-Tanf. ](/news/2017/05/18/united-states-aircraft-bomb-a-convoy-belonging-to-the-syrian-pro-government-militia-within-a-so-called-deconfliction-zone-around-al-tanf.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Syria, Syrian Civil War, U.S._
7. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, multiple suspected U.S.-led coalition air raids kill at least 23 civilians in the village of al-Matab in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/03/9/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-multiple-suspected-u-s-led-coalition-air-raids-kill-at-least-23-civilians-in-the-vill.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Syria, Syrian Civil War, U.S._
8. [At least 47 ISIL militants have been killed by Turkish and U.S.-led bombing raids by fighter jets on the town of al-Bab in the last 24 hours, with the Turkish Armed Forces attacking 135 other ISIL targets in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/02/3/at-least-47-isil-militants-have-been-killed-by-turkish-and-u-s-led-bombing-raids-by-fighter-jets-on-the-town-of-al-bab-in-the-last-24-hours.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, ISIL, Syrian Civil War, U.S._
9. [Several bombings kill at least 40 people in government and Kurdish held territory across Syria, including Tartus, Homs, Al-Hasakah and Damascus. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/09/5/several-bombings-kill-at-least-40-people-in-government-and-kurdish-held-territory-across-syria-including-tartus-homs-al-hasakah-and-damas.md) _Context: Al-Hasakah, ISIL, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
10. [The United Arab Emirates (UAE) says it is ready to deploy ground troops to Syria as part of an international coalition to fight against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, if said coalition was led by the United States. ](/news/2016/02/7/the-united-arab-emirates-uae-says-it-is-ready-to-deploy-ground-troops-to-syria-as-part-of-an-international-coalition-to-fight-against-the.md) _Context: ISIL, Syria, Syrian Civil War, U.S._
