### [2015-10-31](/news/2015/10/31/index.md)

# Colectiv nightclub fire. Romanian Prime Minister Victor Ponta declares three days of national mourning. 

Survivors of a deadly nightclub fire and stampede in Romania say the lead singer of the heavy metal band on stage made a joke at first about the fire before it engulfed the basement club in downtown Bucharest.


### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/news/world/romania-nightclub-fire-1.3298237)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/31/us-romania-blast-idUSKCN0SP0KM20151031)

### Related:

1. [Romanian legislative election, 2016. Being forced into opposition a year earlier, by the resignation of Prime Minister Victor Ponta amid the Colectiv nightclub fire tragedy, the Social Democratic Party returns to government following a landslide victory in last Sunday's parliamentary elections. ](/news/2016/12/12/romanian-legislative-election-2016-being-forced-into-opposition-a-year-earlier-by-the-resignation-of-prime-minister-victor-ponta-amid-the.md) _Context: Colectiv nightclub fire, Prime Minister, Victor Ponta_
2. [Colectiv nightclub fire. Romanian Prime Minister Victor Ponta and his government resigns after tens of thousands took to the streets to protest over the Colectiv nightclub fire that killed 32 people. Mircea Dusa has been proposed to be installed as Acting Prime Minister. ](/news/2015/11/4/colectiv-nightclub-fire-romanian-prime-minister-victor-ponta-and-his-government-resigns-after-tens-of-thousands-took-to-the-streets-to-prot.md) _Context: Colectiv nightclub fire, Victor Ponta_
3. [The Prime Minister of Romania Victor Ponta is charged in an on-going corruption scandal. ](/news/2015/07/13/the-prime-minister-of-romania-victor-ponta-is-charged-in-an-on-going-corruption-scandal.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Victor Ponta_
4. [Romania's National Anticorruption Directorate announces that it is investigating the Prime Minister Victor Ponta for alleged money laundering, forgery and corruption. Ponta denies the allegations and is refusing to stand down. ](/news/2015/06/5/romania-s-national-anticorruption-directorate-announces-that-it-is-investigating-the-prime-minister-victor-ponta-for-alleged-money-launderin.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Victor Ponta_
5. [Romanian presidential election, 2014:. More than 18 million Romanians are expected to go to the polls to choose their president in one of the most important elections since the 1989 revolution. "[http://english.hotnews.ro/stiri-top_news-18434801-romania-heads-first-round-presidential-elections-key-moment-for-democracy-and-state-law.htm (HotNews.ro)]" "[http://www.euractiv.com/sections/elections/romanians-elect-new-president-atmosphere-scandal-309682 (EurActiv)]". Romanian Prime Minister Victor Ponta, from the rulling PSD, and the ethnic German mayor of Sibiu Klaus Iohannis, from the opposition ACL electoral alliance, will face a November 16 runoff, with the incumbent Social democrat premier favored to win. "[http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-29874030 (BBC)]" ](/news/2014/11/2/romanian-presidential-election-2014-more-than-18-million-romanians-are-expected-to-go-to-the-polls-to-choose-their-president-in-one-of-th.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Victor Ponta_
6. [Romanian presidential election, 2014. Voters in Romania go to the polls for the second round of the presidential election with Klaus Iohannis scoring an upset victory over current Prime Minister Victor Ponta. ](/news/2014/11/16/romanian-presidential-election-2014-voters-in-romania-go-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-the-presidential-election-with-klaus-iohanni.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Victor Ponta_
7. [Romanian President Traian Basescu sparks a new crisis by refusing to sign the country's IMF accord and threatens Prime Minister Victor Ponta's government with rejecting the national budget, blocking important indexations of salaries and pensions for the following year, over an ongoing political feud between the two leaders. ](/news/2013/12/3/romanian-president-traian-basescu-sparks-a-new-crisis-by-refusing-to-sign-the-country-s-imf-accord-and-threatens-prime-minister-victor-pont.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Victor Ponta_
8. [Chinese Premier Li Keqiang, arrives in Bucharest, Romania, to attend the China-Central and Eastern Europe (CEE) leaders- meeting as a guest of Romanian Prime Minister Victor Ponta. ](/news/2013/11/25/chinese-premier-li-keqiang-arrives-in-bucharest-romania-to-attend-the-china-central-and-eastern-europe-cee-leaders-meeting-as-a-gues.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Victor Ponta_
9. [Voters in Romania go to the polls for parliamentary elections with the governing Social Liberal Union led by Prime Minister Victor Ponta winning by a landslide majority in both the Chamber of Deputies and the Senate. ](/news/2012/12/9/voters-in-romania-go-to-the-polls-for-parliamentary-elections-with-the-governing-social-liberal-union-led-by-prime-minister-victor-ponta-win.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Victor Ponta_
10. [After seven months in office and a decisive victory in the elections, Romanian Prime Minister Victor Ponta and his cabinet receive the vote of confidence from Parliament with 402 votes in favor and 120 against. ](/news/2012/12/21/after-seven-months-in-office-and-a-decisive-victory-in-the-elections-romanian-prime-minister-victor-ponta-and-his-cabinet-receive-the-vote.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Victor Ponta_
