### [2015-10-31](/news/2015/10/31/index.md)

# Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu retracts controversial comments he made about Nazi policies during World War 2, saying he never meant to claim that an Islamic leader Amin al-Husseini persuaded Adolf Hitler to adopt a policy to kill European Jews. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2015/10/31/world/netanyahu-hitler-grand-mufti-holocaust/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, in tonight's speech to the World Zionist Congress on "the 10 big lies" told by Palestinians and their backers, said Haj Amin al-Husseini, the Grand Mufti of Jerusalem from 1922-1937, convinced Adolf Hitler and the Nazis to change their original plan of expelling Jews to the so-called Final Solution, i.e., the extermination of Jews. "The Washington Post" states this reinforces Netanyahu's position that Palestinian violence is caused by their old and intractable hatred of Jews, not Israel's 1948 creation. ](/news/2015/10/20/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-in-tonight-s-speech-to-the-world-zionist-congress-on-the-10-big-lies-told-by-palestinians-and-t.md) _Context: Adolf Hitler, Amin al-Husseini, Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister_
2. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's speech yesterday that the Grand Mufti of Jerusalem persuaded the Nazis to adopt their Final Solution to exterminate 6 million Jews is reproached by Holocaust experts and survivors, historians, world leaders, etc. Palestine Liberation Organization's Saeb Erakat and Israel's Zionist Union party's Isaac Herzog both blasted Netanyahu's claim. German Chancellor Angela Merkel said, "All Germans know the history of the murderous race mania of the Nazis that led to ... the Holocaust." Mehnaz Afridi, a Manhattan College professor who promotes Muslim-Jewish dialogue said, "this ... really is a terrible statement to make at this time." ](/news/2015/10/21/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-s-speech-yesterday-that-the-grand-mufti-of-jerusalem-persuaded-the-nazis-to-adopt-their-final-solu.md) _Context: Amin al-Husseini, Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister_
3. [The Jewish Agency for Israel Board of Governors cancels Monday's dinner with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to protest Sunday's decision by his cabinet to rescind plans for a mixed-gender prayer area at Jerusalem's Western Wall, a compromise agreement reached after three years of intense negotiations. ](/news/2017/06/26/the-jewish-agency-for-israel-board-of-governors-cancels-monday-s-dinner-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-to-protest-sunday-s-d.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister_
4. [Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu cancels a visit with the foreign minister of Germany Sigmar Gabriel after the latter's refusal to cancel a meeting with the Israel Defense Forces veterans NGO Breaking the Silence saying the group "slanders IDF soldiers as war criminals](/news/2017/04/25/prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-cancels-a-visit-with-the-foreign-minister-of-germany-sigmar-gabriel-after-the-latter-s-refusal-t.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister_
5. [The Attorney General of Israel Avichai Mandelblit orders a criminal investigation of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for alleged corruption in two different cases. ](/news/2016/12/28/the-attorney-general-of-israel-avichai-mandelblit-orders-a-criminal-investigation-of-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-for-alleged-c.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister_
6. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim announce their countries have agreed on a pact to normalize diplomatic relations that have been strained for six years since the Gaza flotilla raid when nine Turkish activists were killed. ](/news/2016/06/27/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-and-turkish-prime-minister-binali-ya-lda-ra-m-announce-their-countries-have-agreed-on-a-pact-to-no.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister_
7. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu asks Yisrael Beiteinu party leader and former Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman to be Defense Minister. Current defense minister and former army chief of staff Moshe Ya'alon's role in the future government is unclear. Leiberman is known for his hawkish and uncompromising views. ](/news/2016/05/19/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-asks-yisrael-beiteinu-party-leader-and-former-foreign-minister-avigdor-lieberman-to-be-defense-min.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister_
8. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu rejects a French-sponsored international conference to continue peace negotiations that have stalled since 2014 in settling the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, saying that direct talks were the only way to resolve the decades-long conflict. France wants to immediately recognize a Palestinian state without discussion over its borders or security issues. ](/news/2016/04/28/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-rejects-a-french-sponsored-international-conference-to-continue-peace-negotiations-that-have-stall.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister_
9. [The Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu vows that the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights, recognized as part of Syria, will forever stay in the country's hands and called on the international community to recognize Israeli sovereignty over the area. ](/news/2016/04/17/the-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-vows-that-the-israeli-occupied-golan-heights-recognized-as-part-of-syria-will-forever-stay.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister_
10. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu cancels a trip to the United States for an American Israel Public Affairs Committee conference that was to include a meeting with U.S. President Barack Obama. ](/news/2016/03/7/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-cancels-a-trip-to-the-united-states-for-an-american-israel-public-affairs-committee-conference-tha.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister_
