### [2015-10-31](/news/2015/10/31/index.md)

# U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says new talks aimed to help end Syria's war shouldn't be held up by wrangling over whether President Bashar Assad stays or goes. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/5d0c063fb347430a9a7ddc64002bb617/saudi-fm-assads-future-among-sticking-points-syria-deal)
2. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/c7ecd30e37a5445da99b76bffa159dc5/ban-talks-syria-shouldnt-be-held-over-assads-future)

### Related:

1. [Israeli Minister of Construction Yoav Galant states that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should be assassinated.  Yesterday, the United States Department of State accused the al-Assad government of using a crematory at Sednaya Prison to cover up the mass murders of thousands of political prisoners. The Syrian government denies the accusations. ](/news/2017/05/16/israeli-minister-of-construction-yoav-galant-states-that-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-should-be-assassinated-yesterday-the-united-sta.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Syrian civil war:The United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says there is no prospect of an end to the conflict in Syria. ](/news/2012/12/20/syrian-civil-war-pthe-united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-says-there-is-no-prospect-of-an-end-to-the-conflict-in-syria.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian civil war: Syrian President Bashar al-Assad rejects an offer to safely leave Syria and vows to "live and die" in the country. ](/news/2012/11/8/syrian-civil-war-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-rejects-an-offer-to-safely-leave-syria-and-vows-to-live-and-die-in-the-country.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
4. [The Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons says, for the first time, that they suspect Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and other senior officials of the Syrian government are responsible for the use of chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/01/13/the-organisation-for-the-prohibition-of-chemical-weapons-says-for-the-first-time-that-they-suspect-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-and-ot.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President, Syrian Civil War_
5. [ A group of German lawyers files a criminal complaint in Berlin against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad for alleged war crimes committed by his forces and foreign allies during the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2016/11/28/a-group-of-german-lawyers-files-a-criminal-complaint-in-berlin-against-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-for-alleged-war-crimes-committed-by.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President, Syrian Civil War_
6. [At least 75 Syrian Army soldiers and pro-Assad militiamen are killed following a multi-front attack on the eastern Syrian city of Deir ez-Zor by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant forces. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports ISIL fighters had advanced into the northern tip of Deir ez-Zor city, and captured the suburb of Al-Baghaliyeh. The pro-government Syrian Arab News Agency (SANA) reports that government forces had repelled an attack on the city leaving dozens of militants dead. ](/news/2016/01/16/at-least-75-syrian-army-soldiers-and-pro-assad-militiamen-are-killed-following-a-multi-front-attack-on-the-eastern-syrian-city-of-deir-ez-zo.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Russia expands its military presence in Syria with an additional airbase that can accommodate fixed-winged military aircraft. The U.S. Department of Defense also confirms that Russia added S-400 surface-to-air missiles to its Syrian stockpile and armed its military aircraft with air-to-air missiles. According to Military Times, "A Pentagon spokesman expressed concern" these moves indicate Russia's commitment to aiding the embattled Assad regime as opposed to combating ISIL. No Syrian opposition groups including ISIL have combat-ready aircraft that require air-to-air missiles. ](/news/2015/12/2/russia-expands-its-military-presence-in-syria-with-an-additional-airbase-that-can-accommodate-fixed-winged-military-aircraft-the-u-s-depar.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian President Bashar al-Assad says he will not negotiate with armed groups, a day after the Syrian opposition's multi-group, two-day meeting in Riyadh agreed on a framework for future negotiations to end the conflict. Assad's statement also appears to put a damper on peace talks Russia and the United States are working to set up. ](/news/2015/12/11/syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-says-he-will-not-negotiate-with-armed-groups-a-day-after-the-syrian-opposition-s-multi-group-two-day-meet.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Reuters reports Russia's eight-point proposal, drafted prior to this week's international talks on Syria,  wants the Syrian government and the opposition to agree on launching a constitutional reform process of up to 18 months, followed by early presidential elections. ](/news/2015/11/10/reuters-reports-russia-s-eight-point-proposal-drafted-prior-to-this-week-s-international-talks-on-syria-wants-the-syrian-government-and-t.md) _Context: Syria, Syria peace talks in Vienna, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian President Bashar al-Assad says reforms in Syria are unlikely until all of the government's armed opponents are vanquished. The country will continue to send representatives to peace negotiations sponsored by Moscow, but rule out negotiations with the Western-backed groups opposing his government. ](/news/2015/10/4/syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-says-reforms-in-syria-are-unlikely-until-all-of-the-governmentas-armed-opponents-are-vanquished-the-coun.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
