### [2015-10-31](/news/2015/10/31/index.md)

# Vodafone Group Plc announces criminals accessed customer account details, including phone numbers and some bank details. The British multinational telecommunications company of over 400 million subscribers says it is contacting about 1,800 affected customers. This is the second recent hacking of a U.K. phone carrier. Last week, TalkTalk Telecom Group Plc said its systems had been attacked. 

Vodafone Group Plc. said criminals accessed customer account details, including phone numbers and some bank details, in the second hacking attack in just over a week on a U.K. phone carrier.


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-10-31/vodafone-says-some-u-k-customers-accounts-accessed-by-hackers)
2. [Financial Times](http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/ca560af4-7ff6-11e5-84dc-31c8b3b18e5f.html#axzz3qB3hxtxQ)

### Related:

1. [Tata Steel is to cut 1,050 jobs in the United Kingdom, with the majority going in South Wales. The Indian multinational steel-making company announced there will be 750 job losses at its Port Talbot Steelworks in Port Talbot, Wales while another 300 jobs will go at its plants in Corby and Hartlepool in England. ](/news/2016/01/18/tata-steel-is-to-cut-1-050-jobs-in-the-united-kingdom-with-the-majority-going-in-south-wales-the-indian-multinational-steel-making-company.md) _Context: Britain, multinational_
2. [American, British-based telecommunications and television company Liberty Global announces a GBP3.5bn (US$5.3bn) deal to buy British multinational telecommunications company Cable and Wireless Communications (CWC). ](/news/2015/11/16/american-british-based-telecommunications-and-television-company-liberty-global-announces-a-agbp3-5bn-us-5-3bn-deal-to-buy-british-multin.md) _Context: Britain, multinational_
3. [ British mobile phone operator Vodafone posts the largest annual loss in British corporate history &ndash; GBP21.8 billion &ndash; as it writes down the value of company purchases made mainly in Germany in the years up to 2000. ](/news/2006/05/30/british-mobile-phone-operator-vodafone-posts-the-largest-annual-loss-in-british-corporate-history-ndash-gbp21-8-billion-ndash-as-it-wri.md) _Context: Britain, Vodafone Group Plc_
4. [Politics of Nigeria: Nigerian state television reports that President Muhammadu Buhari is back in the country after a three-month sick leave in Britain. ](/news/2017/08/19/politics-of-nigeria-nigerian-state-television-reports-that-president-muhammadu-buhari-is-back-in-the-country-after-a-three-month-sick-leave.md) _Context: Britain_
5. [Alternative fuel vehicles: Following a similar move in France, the United Kingdom is to ban the sale of petrol and diesel cars by 2040 in order to reduce air pollution. A new tax will also be levied on diesel car drivers in 2020. ](/news/2017/07/25/alternative-fuel-vehicles-following-a-similar-move-in-france-the-united-kingdom-is-to-ban-the-sale-of-petrol-and-diesel-cars-by-2040-in-or.md) _Context: Britain_
6. [MasterCard: A United Kingdom court blocks a GBP14 billion class action lawsuit against MasterCard. ](/news/2017/07/22/mastercard-a-united-kingdom-court-blocks-a-agbp14-billion-class-action-lawsuit-against-mastercard.md) _Context: Britain_
7. [Liberal Democrats leadership election, 2017: Vince Cable is acclaimed as Leader of the Liberal Democrats in the United Kingdom after running unopposed. ](/news/2017/07/20/liberal-democrats-leadership-election-2017-vince-cable-is-acclaimed-as-leader-of-the-liberal-democrats-in-the-united-kingdom-after-running.md) _Context: Britain_
8. [London Fisheries Convention: The United Kingdom announces it is withdrawing from the 1964 London Fisheries Convention, which allows several European countries to fish within 6 to 12 nautical miles of each other's coastlines. ](/news/2017/07/2/london-fisheries-convention-the-united-kingdom-announces-it-is-withdrawing-from-the-1964-london-fisheries-convention-which-allows-several.md) _Context: Britain_
9. [Human rights in China: Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/human-rights-in-china-nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-chart.md) _Context: Britain_
10. [United Kingdom-United States relations: The Trump Administration announces this year's presidential state visit to the United Kingdom is delayed until at least 2018. Both the White House and 10 Downing Street state the two countries had been unable to agree on a 2017 date. This planned visit has drawn protests in the United Kingdom since February, and more than 1.8 million signatures on a petition to Parliament to cancel the meeting. ](/news/2017/07/11/united-kingdom-united-states-relations-the-trump-administration-announces-this-year-s-presidential-state-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-is-d.md) _Context: Britain_
