### [2016-05-23](/news/2016/05/23/index.md)

#  Binali Yildirim is appointed Prime Minister of Turkey after the resignation of Ahmet Davutoglu amid disagreements with President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. 

Your trusted source for breaking news, analysis, exclusive interviews, headlines, and videos at ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [ABC New](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/erdogan-ally-set-appointed-turkeys-prime-minister-39285468)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-36352526)
3. [VOA](http://www.voanews.com/content/turkey-prime-minister/3340876.html)

### Related:

1. [Justice and Development Party leadership election, 2016: Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu announces his resignation effective 22 May amid conflict with President Recep Tayyip Erdogan over Turkey-s increasingly authoritarian rule. Davutoglu said he would step down following an extraordinary meeting of AKP party leaders scheduled for May 22. ](/news/2016/05/5/justice-and-development-party-leadership-election-2016-turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-announces-his-resignation-effective-22-may.md) _Context: Ahmet Davutoglu, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkish Prime Minister_
2. [The President of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan formally approves his ally Binali Yildirim as the Prime Minister. ](/news/2016/05/24/the-president-of-turkey-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-formally-approves-his-ally-binali-ya-lda-ra-m-as-the-prime-minister.md) _Context: Binali Yildirim, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkish Prime Minister_
3. [Syrian Civil War: President Recep Tayyip Erdogan proclaims Turkey's right to launch operations in Syria against -terrorist organizations.- Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu tells reporters, "The only thing we expect from our U.S. ally is to support Turkey with no ifs or buts." ](/news/2016/02/20/syrian-civil-war-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-proclaims-turkey-s-right-to-launch-operations-in-syria-against-terrorist-organizations.md) _Context: Ahmet Davutoglu, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkish Prime Minister_
4. [2015 Russian Sukhoi Su-24 shootdown: Russia-Turkey relations: A day after Turkey's president Recep Tayyip Erdogan had harsh words for Russia, Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu, in an essay in the London "Times", says the downing of the Russian jet, "was not -- and is not -- an act against a specific country. ... While the measures to defend our territory will remain in place, Turkey will work with Russia and our allies to calm tensions." ](/news/2015/11/28/2015-russian-sukhoi-su-24-shootdown-russia-turkey-relations-a-day-after-turkey-s-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-had-harsh-words-for-rus.md) _Context: Ahmet Davutoglu, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkish Prime Minister_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.: Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey: Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.: 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.: United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.: Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.: Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.: Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-: ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Binali Yildirim, Turkish Prime Minister_
6. [2016 Turkish coup d'etat attempt: The Prime Minister of Turkey Binali Yildirim calls for "calm" over what he states was an "illegal attempt" by sections of the Turkish military to claim power. ](/news/2016/07/15/2016-turkish-coup-d-a-c-tat-attempt-the-prime-minister-of-turkey-binali-ya-lda-ra-m-calls-for-calm-over-what-he-states-was-an-illegal-atte.md) _Context: Binali Yildirim, Turkish Prime Minister_
7. [Ataturk Airport attack: Turkey-ISIL conflict: Suspected ISIL militants attack Turkey's Istanbul Ataturk Airport. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says 36 people were killed, as were the three suicide bombers. Justice Minister Bekir Bozdag says 147 were wounded. ](/news/2016/06/28/atata1-4rk-airport-attack-turkey-isil-conflict-suspected-isil-militants-attack-turkey-s-istanbul-atata1-4rk-airport-turkish-prime-minister.md) _Context: Binali Yildirim, Turkish Prime Minister_
8. [Israel-Turkey relations: Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim announce their countries have agreed on a pact to normalize diplomatic relations that have been strained for six years since the Gaza flotilla raid when nine Turkish activists were killed. ](/news/2016/06/27/israel-turkey-relations-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-and-turkish-prime-minister-binali-ya-lda-ra-m-announce-their-countries.md) _Context: Binali Yildirim, Turkish Prime Minister_
9. [European migrant crisis: Today's European Union summit with Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu in Brussels, Belgium, will discuss ways to stanch the flow of European-bound migrants. ](/news/2016/03/7/european-migrant-crisis-today-s-european-union-summit-with-turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-in-brussels-belgium-will-discuss-ways.md) _Context: Ahmet Davutoglu, Turkish Prime Minister_
10. [PKK rebellion: Turkey-ISIL conflict: A car bomb, targeting an armored vehicle transporting police personnel, explodes close to a bus terminal in the Baglar district of Diyarbakir, Turkey, killing at least seven police officers and wounding 27 more people, including 13 officers, according to a joint statement by Turkish officials and the police. The attack comes one day before Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu's scheduled visit to the city. There has been no claim of responsibility. CNN points out both Kurdish rebels and ISIL militants have claimed similar recent incidents. ](/news/2016/03/31/pkk-rebellion-turkey-isil-conflict-a-car-bomb-targeting-an-armored-vehicle-transporting-police-personnel-explodes-close-to-a-bus-termi.md) _Context: Ahmet Davutoglu, Turkish Prime Minister_
