### [2016-05-23](/news/2016/05/23/index.md)

#  Iraqi civil war (2014-present): The Iraqi government begins Operation Breaking Terrorism, aimed at retaking the city of Fallujah, which has been under the control of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant group since early 2014. 

Reports of heavy shelling in city that was first to fall to ISIL in 2014 as beleaguered residents struggle to get out.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/05/iraq-pm-declares-offensive-retake-fallujah-isil-160522220106703.html)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): According to reports, at least 250 ISIL militants were killed during fighting in the city of Fallujah while fighting Iraqi Army forces with assistance from U.S. airstrikes. ](/news/2016/06/30/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-according-to-reports-at-least-250-isil-militants-were-killed-during-fighting-in-the-city-of-fallujah-whil.md) _Context: Fallujah, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
2. [Iraqi civil war: Operation Breaking Terrorism: The United States reports 70 militants were killed, including ISIL commander Maher al-Bilawi, in a Fallujah airstrike on Wednesday. ](/news/2016/05/27/iraqi-civil-war-operation-breaking-terrorism-the-united-states-reports-70-militants-were-killed-including-isil-commander-maher-al-bilawi.md) _Context: Fallujah, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Operation Breaking Terrorism_
3. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): A suicide bomber at a market in Musayyib kills 31 and wounds 35. ISIL claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/06/9/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-a-suicide-bomber-at-a-market-in-musayyib-kills-31-and-wounds-35-isil-claims-responsibility.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
4. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): According to security sources, dozens of people are killed in an overnight attack in Tikrit by suspected ISIL militants. 31 bodies were taken to a hospital, according to a local doctor, while more continued to be found by morning. ](/news/2017/04/5/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-according-to-security-sources-dozens-of-people-are-killed-in-an-overnight-attack-in-tikrit-by-suspected-i.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): The pro-government Popular Mobilization Forces militia takes control of the mostly destroyed ancient city of Hatra in Iraq's Nineveh Governorate, following clashes with ISIL, who seized the ruins in 2014. ](/news/2017/04/26/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-the-pro-government-popular-mobilization-forces-militia-takes-control-of-the-mostly-destroyed-ancient-city.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): A car bomb explodes in a Shi'ite neighbourhood in Baghdad, killing at least 48 people. ISIL claimed responsibility for the bombing. ](/news/2017/02/16/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-a-car-bomb-explodes-in-a-shi-ite-neighbourhood-in-baghdad-killing-at-least-48-people-isil-claimed-respon.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Battle of Mosul (2016-17): The Iraqi Army announces the liberation of the eastern part of Mosul following the collapse of ISIL defenses. ](/news/2017/01/18/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-battle-of-mosul-2016-17-the-iraqi-army-announces-the-liberation-of-the-eastern-part-of-mosul-followin.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): November 2016 Hillah suicide truck bombing: At least 80 Shia pilgrims are killed in a truck bomb attack in Iraq. Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/11/24/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-november-2016-hillah-suicide-truck-bombing-at-least-80-shia-pilgrims-are-killed-in-a-truck-bomb-attack-in.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [ Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Battle of Mosul (2016): The UN reports 232 civilians have been murdered in and near Mosul by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2016/10/28/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-battle-of-mosul-2016-the-un-reports-232-civilians-have-been-murdered-in-and-near-mosul-by-the-islamic.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): ISIL recaptures the western Iraqi town of Ar-Rutbah, which it previously withdrew from in May. ](/news/2016/10/24/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-isil-recaptures-the-western-iraqi-town-of-ar-rutbah-which-it-previously-withdrew-from-in-may.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
