### [2016-05-23](/news/2016/05/23/index.md)

# Rodrigo Duterte, the Philippines presumptive president-elect, says  he will allow the immediate burial of former kleptocratic dictator Ferdinand Marcos at the Heroes' Cemetery in metropolitan Manila. 

MANILA, Philippines (AP) — The presumptive Philippine president-elect said Monday he will allow the immediate burial of former dictator Ferdinand Marcos at a heroes&#039; cemetery and will support the release of ex-President…


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/b796bbb2309e48c58bfd413fabc6726e/duterte-oks-filipino-dictators-burial-heroes-cemetery)

### Related:

1. [The Philippines top historian resigns to protest President Rodrigo Duterte's decision to allow the burial of Ferdinand Marcos in the Heroes' Cemetery at Fort Bonifacio in Manila. ](/news/2016/11/29/the-philippines-top-historian-resigns-to-protest-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-decision-to-allow-the-burial-of-ferdinand-marcos-in-the-heroes.md) _Context: Ferdinand Marcos, Heroes' Cemetery, President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
2. [The Supreme Court of the Philippines says President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte can declare martial law in the whole Philippines. Two days prior, the Supreme Court had ](/news/2017/07/6/the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-says-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-can-declare-martial-law-in-the-whole-philippines-two.md) _Context: Philippine, President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
3. [In the Philippines, demonstrators call for President Rodrigo Duterte to address extrajudicial killings linked to the Philippine Drug War, ongoing military operations against communist rebels, and the controversial burial of Ferdinand Marcos in the Heroes' Cemetery. An effigy of Marcos was made as a centerpiece of the protest. ](/news/2016/12/10/in-the-philippines-demonstrators-call-for-president-rodrigo-duterte-to-address-extrajudicial-killings-linked-to-the-philippine-drug-war-on.md) _Context: Heroes' Cemetery, Philippine, Rodrigo Duterte_
4. [The Philippine Defense ministry prepares for the burial of former President Ferdinand Marcos in the Heroes' Cemetery. ](/news/2016/08/8/the-philippine-defense-ministry-prepares-for-the-burial-of-former-president-ferdinand-marcos-in-the-heroes-cemetery.md) _Context: Ferdinand Marcos, Heroes' Cemetery, President of the Philippines_
5. [Crime in the Philippines; Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte urges Filipino citizens to murder people suspected of using illegal drugs. ](/news/2016/07/1/crime-in-the-philippines-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-urges-filipino-citizens-to-murder-people-suspected-of-using-illegal-drugs.md) _Context: Philippine, President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
6. [Rodrigo Duterte is inaugurated as President of the Philippines and Leni Robredo as Vice President. ](/news/2016/06/30/rodrigo-duterte-is-inaugurated-as-president-of-the-philippines-and-leni-robredo-as-vice-president.md) _Context: Philippine, President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
7. [  The Congress of the Philippines proclaims Rodrigo Duterte and Leni Robredo as President-elect and Vice President-elect of the Philippines, respectively. ](/news/2016/05/30/the-congress-of-the-philippines-proclaims-rodrigo-duterte-and-leni-robredo-as-president-elect-and-vice-president-elect-of-the-philippines.md) _Context: Philippine, President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
8. [President-elect of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte, vows to reintroduce capital punishment and give security forces permission to shoot to kill for organized crime figures and people resisting arrest. Duterte is due to take office on June 30, 2016. ](/news/2016/05/15/president-elect-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-vows-to-reintroduce-capital-punishment-and-give-security-forces-permission-to-shoot-to.md) _Context: Philippine, President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
9. [Celebrations are held to commemorate the 30th anniversary of the People Power Revolution in the Philippines that led to the downfall of dictator  Ferdinand Marcos' 21-year reign, and the rise of President Corazon Aquino. ](/news/2016/02/25/celebrations-are-held-to-commemorate-the-30th-anniversary-of-the-people-power-revolution-in-the-philippines-that-led-to-the-downfall-of-dict.md) _Context: Ferdinand Marcos, Philippine, President of the Philippines_
10. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte threatens the ''Philippine Daily Inquirer'' with an expose. The newspaper has been a long-time ally of the politically prominent Aquino family (ever since the 1986 EDSA People Power Revolution), as well as the minority opposition Liberal Party (of which the Vice President of the Philippines Leni Robredo is its prominent member); both have been consistent in their criticisms of the Duterty presidency and its policies since its inauguration in 2016. ](/news/2017/07/1/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-threatens-the-philippine-daily-inquirer-with-an-exposa-c-the-newspaper-has-been-a-long-time.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
