### [2016-05-23](/news/2016/05/23/index.md)

# Rodrigo Duterte, the Philippines presumptive president-elect, says he will allow the immediate burial of former kleptocratic dictator Ferdinand Marcos at the Heroes' Cemetery in metropolitan Manila. 

MANILA, Philippines (AP) — The presumptive Philippine president-elect said Monday he will allow the immediate burial of former dictator Ferdinand Marcos at a heroes&#039; cemetery and will support the release of ex-President…


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/b796bbb2309e48c58bfd413fabc6726e/duterte-oks-filipino-dictators-burial-heroes-cemetery)

### Related:

1. [The Philippines top historian resigns to protest President Rodrigo Duterte's decision to allow the burial of Ferdinand Marcos in the Heroes' Cemetery at Fort Bonifacio in Manila. ](/news/2016/11/29/the-philippines-top-historian-resigns-to-protest-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-decision-to-allow-the-burial-of-ferdinand-marcos-in-the-heroes.md) _Context: Ferdinand Marcos, Libingan ng mga Bayani, Philippine President, Rodrigo Duterte_
2. [ Coinciding with the 45th anniversary of the declaration of martial law in 1972 by the late Philippine President Ferdinand Marcos, nationwide protests are conducted by various groups against the government's implementation of the war on drugs and the ongoing martial law in the whole of Mindanao under the administration of President Rodrigo Duterte. ](/news/2017/09/21/coinciding-with-the-45th-anniversary-of-the-declaration-of-martial-law-in-1972-by-the-late-philippine-president-ferdinand-marcos-nationwid.md) _Context: Ferdinand Marcos, Philippine President, Rodrigo Duterte_
3. [The Supreme Court of the Philippines has junked all petitions against the burial of former President of the Philippines Ferdinand Marcos at the Libingan ng mga Bayani, re-affirming its earlier ruling on 8 November 2016. ](/news/2017/08/8/the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-has-junked-all-petitions-against-the-burial-of-former-president-of-the-philippines-ferdinand-marcos-at.md) _Context: Ferdinand Marcos, Libingan ng mga Bayani, Philippine President_
4. [The Supreme Court of the Philippines says President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte can declare martial law in the whole Philippines. Two days prior, the Supreme Court had ](/news/2017/07/6/the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-says-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-can-declare-martial-law-in-the-whole-philippines-two.md) _Context: Philippine President, Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
5. [In the Philippines, demonstrators call for President Rodrigo Duterte to address extrajudicial killings linked to the Philippine Drug War, ongoing military operations against communist rebels, and the controversial burial of Ferdinand Marcos in the Heroes' Cemetery. An effigy of Marcos was made as a centerpiece of the protest. ](/news/2016/12/10/in-the-philippines-demonstrators-call-for-president-rodrigo-duterte-to-address-extrajudicial-killings-linked-to-the-philippine-drug-war-on.md) _Context: Libingan ng mga Bayani, Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
6. [The Philippine Defense ministry prepares for the burial of former President Ferdinand Marcos in the Heroes' Cemetery. ](/news/2016/08/8/the-philippine-defense-ministry-prepares-for-the-burial-of-former-president-ferdinand-marcos-in-the-heroes-cemetery.md) _Context: Ferdinand Marcos, Libingan ng mga Bayani, Philippine President_
7. [Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte urges Filipino citizens to murder people suspected of using illegal drugs. ](/news/2016/07/1/philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-urges-filipino-citizens-to-murder-people-suspected-of-using-illegal-drugs.md) _Context: Philippine President, Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
8. [Rodrigo Duterte is inaugurated as President of the Philippines and Leni Robredo as Vice President. ](/news/2016/06/30/rodrigo-duterte-is-inaugurated-as-president-of-the-philippines-and-leni-robredo-as-vice-president.md) _Context: Philippine President, Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
9. [ The Congress of the Philippines proclaims Rodrigo Duterte and Leni Robredo as President-elect and Vice President-elect of the Philippines, respectively. ](/news/2016/05/30/the-congress-of-the-philippines-proclaims-rodrigo-duterte-and-leni-robredo-as-president-elect-and-vice-president-elect-of-the-philippines.md) _Context: Philippine President, Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
10. [President-elect of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte, vows to reintroduce capital punishment and give security forces permission to shoot to kill for organized crime figures and people resisting arrest. Duterte is due to take office on June 30, 2016. ](/news/2016/05/15/president-elect-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-vows-to-reintroduce-capital-punishment-and-give-security-forces-permission-to-shoot-to.md) _Context: Philippine President, Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
