### [2016-05-23](/news/2016/05/23/index.md)

#  The Taliban leadership council  reportedly meets to determine a successor to Mullah Akhtar Mansour,  killed this weekend during an American drone strike in Pakistan. 

U.S. President Barack Obama approved the drone strike that killed Mullah Akhtar Mansour because the Taliban leader was overseeing plans for new attacks on American targets in Kabul, the Afghan capital, U.S. officials said on Monday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-afghanistan-taliban-idUSKCN0YC0P6)

### Related:

1. [The Obama Administration and Bush Administration had failed to publicly disclose up to thousands of lethal airstrikes the U.S. made in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria against ISIL, Al-Qaeda, and the Taliban via U.S. Army helicopters and drones. ](/news/2017/02/5/the-obama-administration-and-bush-administration-had-failed-to-publicly-disclose-up-to-thousands-of-lethal-airstrikes-the-u-s-made-in-afgha.md) _Context: Taliban, airstrike, drone_
2. [Taliban insurgents attack an Afghan military base in Mazar-e-Sharif, Balkh Province, killing more than 140 soldiers. It is said to be the deadliest attack of its kind ](/news/2017/04/21/taliban-insurgents-attack-an-afghan-military-base-in-mazar-e-sharif-balkh-province-killing-more-than-140-soldiers-it-is-said-to-be-the-de.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
3. [2016 Bagram Airfield bombing: An explosion at NATO's Bagram Airfield kills four Americans and injures at least 16 U.S. service members and a Polish soldier. The Taliban claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/11/12/2016-bagram-airfield-bombing-an-explosion-at-nato-s-bagram-airfield-kills-four-americans-and-injures-at-least-16-u-s-service-members-and-a.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
4. [At least 10 people are killed by a pair of explosions in the Tsamkani District  in the eastern Afghan province of Paktia. Spokesman Naqib Ahmad Atal says the Taliban are to blame. ](/news/2016/08/5/at-least-10-people-are-killed-by-a-pair-of-explosions-in-the-tsamkani-district-in-the-eastern-afghan-province-of-paktia-spokesman-naqib-ah.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
5. [ Unidentified gunmen shoot dead Khurram Zaki, a Pakistani rights activist known for speaking out against the Taliban. ](/news/2016/05/8/unidentified-gunmen-shoot-dead-khurram-zaki-a-pakistani-rights-activist-known-for-speaking-out-against-the-taliban.md) _Context: Pakistan, Taliban_
6. [The Afghan Taliban announces that Haibatullah Akhundzada will be its new leader replacing Akhtar Mansour who died recently in a drone strike. Sirajuddin Haqqani and Mullah Yaqoob are named as deputy leaders. ](/news/2016/05/25/the-afghan-taliban-announces-that-haibatullah-akhundzada-will-be-its-new-leader-replacing-akhtar-mansour-who-died-recently-in-a-drone-strike.md) _Context: Akhtar Mansour, Taliban_
7. [The United States military reports a drone attack killed ISIL rocket expert Jasim Khadijah. The unmanned airstrike also killed other IS militants and destroyed at least one makeshift drone. Khadijah, a former Iraqi officer, is believed responsible for the March attack that killed a U.S. Marine in northern Iraq. ](/news/2016/04/3/the-united-states-military-reports-a-drone-attack-killed-isil-rocket-expert-jasim-khadijah-the-unmanned-airstrike-also-killed-other-is-mili.md) _Context: airstrike, drone_
8. [The U.S. military warns that the Kabul Attack Network,  comprised of fighters from various jihadist groups such as  the  Taliban and Haqqani networks, is planning attacks on people in the Parwan, Khost, Kabul, and Logar Provinces, Afghanistan, and asks for information from the Afghan public. ](/news/2016/04/27/the-u-s-military-warns-that-the-kabul-attack-network-comprised-of-fighters-from-various-jihadist-groups-such-as-the-taliban-and-haqqani.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
9. [The Taliban's Qatar office confirms its leaders are in Pakistan to talk about Afghan refugees and the release of prisoners.  The  representative did not say if the delegation will discuss the peace process.  ](/news/2016/04/27/the-taliban-s-qatar-office-confirms-its-leaders-are-in-pakistan-to-talk-about-afghan-refugees-and-the-release-of-prisoners-the-representa.md) _Context: Pakistan, Taliban_
10. [Afghanistan President Ashraf Ghani says Pakistan must take military action against Taliban, operating from Pakistan, who are waging an increasingly deadly insurgency across his country. Otherwise, "... we will be forced to turn to the UN Security Council and start serious diplomatic efforts."  ](/news/2016/04/25/afghanistan-president-ashraf-ghani-says-pakistan-must-take-military-action-against-taliban-operating-from-pakistan-who-are-waging-an-incre.md) _Context: Pakistan, Taliban_
