### [2016-05-23](/news/2016/05/23/index.md)

#  War in Afghanistan. The Taliban leadership council reportedly meets to determine a successor to Mullah Akhtar Mansour, killed this weekend during an American drone strike in Pakistan. 

U.S. President Barack Obama approved the drone strike that killed Mullah Akhtar Mansour because the Taliban leader was overseeing plans for new attacks on American targets in Kabul, the Afghan capital, U.S. officials said on Monday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-afghanistan-taliban-idUSKCN0YC0P6)

### Related:

1. [The Obama Administration and Bush Administration had failed to publicly disclose up to thousands of lethal airstrikes the U.S. made in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria against ISIL, Al-Qaeda, and the Taliban via U.S. Army helicopters and drones. ](/news/2017/02/5/the-obama-administration-and-bush-administration-had-failed-to-publicly-disclose-up-to-thousands-of-lethal-airstrikes-the-u-s-made-in-afgha.md) _Context: Taliban, airstrike, drones_
2. [War in Afghanistan. According to the Defense Ministry, between 26 and 30 military personnel are dead and over 80 Taliban militants have been either killed or wounded amid intense fighting at a military base in Kandahar Province. ](/news/2017/07/26/war-in-afghanistan-according-to-the-defense-ministry-between-26-and-30-military-personnel-are-dead-and-over-80-taliban-militants-have-been.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
3. [War in Afghanistan. 2017 Lashkargah bombing. A car bomb outside a New Kabul Bank branch in Lashkargah, Helmand Province, kills at least 20 people. The Taliban claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/06/22/war-in-afghanistan-2017-lashkargah-bombing-a-car-bomb-outside-a-new-kabul-bank-branch-in-lashkargah-helmand-province-kills-at-least-20-p.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
4. [War in Afghanistan. At least one Afghan is killed and seven American soldiers wounded in an "insider attack" at Camp Shaheen, in the northern city of Mazar-i-Sharif. An earlier report that Americans had been killed is incorrect. The Taliban claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/06/17/war-in-afghanistan-at-least-one-afghan-is-killed-and-seven-american-soldiers-wounded-in-an-insider-attack-at-camp-shaheen-in-the-norther.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
5. [War in Afghanistan. After a week-long assault, ISIL-KP captures the Tora Bora cave complex from the Taliban, allegedly in reaction to the 2017 Nangarhar airstrike. The Taliban say the fighting is still underway. ](/news/2017/06/14/war-in-afghanistan-after-a-week-long-assault-isil-kp-captures-the-tora-bora-cave-complex-from-the-taliban-allegedly-in-reaction-to-the-20.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
6. [War in Afghanistan. 2017 Camp Shaheen attack. Taliban insurgents attack an Afghan military base in Mazar-e-Sharif, Balkh Province, killing more than 140 soldiers. It is said to be the deadliest attack of its kind ](/news/2017/04/21/war-in-afghanistan-2017-camp-shaheen-attack-taliban-insurgents-attack-an-afghan-military-base-in-mazar-e-sharif-balkh-province-killing-m.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
7. [War in Afghanistan. 2016 Bagram Airfield bombing: An explosion at NATO's Bagram Airfield kills four Americans and injures at least 16 U.S. service members and a Polish soldier. The Taliban claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/11/12/war-in-afghanistan-2016-bagram-airfield-bombing-an-explosion-at-nato-s-bagram-airfield-kills-four-americans-and-injures-at-least-16-u-s-s.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
8. [War in Afghanistan. At least 10 people are killed by a pair of explosions in the Tsamkani District in the eastern Afghan province of Paktia. Spokesman Naqib Ahmad Atal says the Taliban are to blame. ](/news/2016/08/5/war-in-afghanistan-at-least-10-people-are-killed-by-a-pair-of-explosions-in-the-tsamkani-district-in-the-eastern-afghan-province-of-paktia.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
9. [ Unidentified gunmen shoot dead Khurram Zaki, a Pakistani rights activist known for speaking out against the Taliban. ](/news/2016/05/8/unidentified-gunmen-shoot-dead-khurram-zaki-a-pakistani-rights-activist-known-for-speaking-out-against-the-taliban.md) _Context: Pakistan, Taliban_
10. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). The Afghan Taliban announces that Haibatullah Akhundzada will be its new leader replacing Akhtar Mansour who died recently in a drone strike. Sirajuddin Haqqani and Mullah Yaqoob are named as deputy leaders. ](/news/2016/05/25/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-the-afghan-taliban-announces-that-haibatullah-akhundzada-will-be-its-new-leader-replacing-akhtar-mansou.md) _Context: Akhtar Mansour, Taliban_
