### [2013-06-14](/news/2013/06/14/index.md)

# U.S. Army Judge Colonel Tara Osborn rules that the Fort Hood Massacre gunman Nidal Malik Hassan cannot claim as a part of his defense that he was defending the Taliban. 




### Source:

1. [NBC](http://usnews.nbcnews.com/_news/2013/06/14/18960053-fort-hood-gunman-nidal-hasan-banned-from-arguing-he-was-defending-the-taliban)

### Related:

1. [Oshkosh L-ATV: The U.S. Army awards the $6.7 billion contract for the Joint Light Tactical Vehicle, the replacement for the Humvee, to the Wisconsin-based company Oshkosh Corporation. ](/news/2015/08/26/oshkosh-l-atv-the-u-s-army-awards-the-6-7-billion-contract-for-the-joint-light-tactical-vehicle-the-replacement-for-the-humvee-to-the-w.md) _Context: U.S. Army_
2. [A U.S. Army Sikorsky UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter crashes while landing on a U.S. Navy cargo vessel near the Japanese island of Okinawa, with seven people injured. ](/news/2015/08/12/a-u-s-army-sikorsky-uh-60-black-hawk-helicopter-crashes-while-landing-on-a-u-s-navy-cargo-vessel-near-the-japanese-island-of-okinawa-with.md) _Context: U.S. Army_
3. [The U.S. Army, working with the U.S. Navy and NASA, through its Joint Multi-Role Technology Demonstrator transport helicopter re-design program, in the latest issue of Army Technology Magazine, takes note of some new designs Sikorsky-Boeing (the Sikorsky Defiant, which like the existing Sikorsky X2 and Sikorsky S-97 Raider, features a faster pusher propeller) and Bell Helicopter (the V-280 Valor, which resembles a slimmed-down version of the tilt-rotor V-22 Osprey, and comes in three versions: a troop- and equipment-carrying utility style, a medevac, and an attack chopper) have come up with since they were selected by the Pentagon in August 2014. ](/news/2015/03/8/the-u-s-army-working-with-the-u-s-navy-and-nasa-through-its-joint-multi-role-technology-demonstrator-transport-helicopter-re-design-prog.md) _Context: U.S. Army_
4. [Former U.S. Army Major Nidal Malik Hassan is convicted of multiple murder and attempted murder counts in the 2009 Fort Hood shooting. ](/news/2013/08/23/former-u-s-army-major-nidal-malik-hassan-is-convicted-of-multiple-murder-and-attempted-murder-counts-in-the-2009-fort-hood-shooting.md) _Context: Nidal Malik Hassan_
5. [A decorated combat veteran of the Iraq War and United States Military Academy (West Point) U.S. Army staff member, Sgt. 1st Class Michael McClendon, is relieved of his duties for allegedly planting cameras to spy on female cadets. ](/news/2013/05/22/a-decorated-combat-veteran-of-the-iraq-war-and-united-states-military-academy-west-point-u-s-army-staff-member-sgt-1st-class-michael-mc.md) _Context: U.S. Army_
6. [U.S. Army Brigadier General Bryan T. Roberts, the Commanding General of the U.S. Army Training Center and Fort Jackson in Fort Jackson, South Carolina, is suspended from his duties because of an investigation into alleged adultery (which is treated as a criminal violation, not just a civil matter, in the U.S. military), and for allegedly being in a physical altercation. ](/news/2013/05/21/u-s-army-brigadier-general-bryan-t-roberts-the-commanding-general-of-the-u-s-army-training-center-and-fort-jackson-in-fort-jackson-sout.md) _Context: U.S. Army_
7. [Former Papua New Guinea Army Colonel Yaura Sasa, who led a recent coup d'etat attempt to restore former Prime Minister Sir Michael Somare to power, is charged with mutiny. ](/news/2012/01/29/former-papua-new-guinea-army-colonel-yaura-sasa-who-led-a-recent-coup-d-a-c-tat-attempt-to-restore-former-prime-minister-sir-michael-somare-t.md) _Context: Colonel_
8. [Russell Williams escalated to sexual assaults and culminated in the brutal sex killings of Cpl. Marie-France Comeau, 37, and Jessica Lloyd, 27. Canadian Air Force Colonel Russell Williams is sentenced to two consecutive life sentences for two murders, several sexual assaults and dozens of fetish burglaries. ](/news/2010/10/21/russell-williams-escalated-to-sexual-assaults-and-culminated-in-the-brutal-sex-killings-of-cpl-marie-france-comeau-37-and-jessica-lloyd.md) _Context: Colonel_
9. [U.S. Army Staff Sergeant Salvatore Giunta is awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions during the ongoing War in Afghanistan, the first living recipient to be so honored since the Vietnam War. ](/news/2010/09/11/u-s-army-staff-sergeant-salvatore-giunta-is-awarded-the-medal-of-honor-for-his-actions-during-the-ongoing-war-in-afghanistan-the-first-liv.md) _Context: U.S. Army_
10. [ Cecilia Sarkozy, the wife of French President Nicolas Sarkozy, flies to Libya and visits the Bulgarian medics condemned to death for allegedly infecting children with HIV and also the families of the infected children. She will also meet Colonel Muammar al-Gaddafi, the President of Libya. ](/news/2007/07/12/ca-c-cilia-sarkozy-the-wife-of-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-flies-to-libya-and-visits-the-bulgarian-medics-condemned-to-death-for-alleg.md) _Context: Colonel_
