### [2013-06-14](/news/2013/06/14/index.md)

# Won Sei-hoon, former head of South Korea's National Intelligence Service is indicted on charges of interfering in last year's presidential election. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/skoreas-ex-spy-chief-indicted-election-scandal)

### Related:

1. [An interim report by South Korean prosecutors implicates President Park Geun-hye in a political scandal involving her close friend Choi Soon-sil. Three people have been indicted in relation to the scandal. President Park cannot be indicted due to a constitutional provision preventing a sitting President being indicted except for treason or insurrection. ](/news/2016/11/20/an-interim-report-by-south-korean-prosecutors-implicates-president-park-geun-hye-in-a-political-scandal-involving-her-close-friend-choi-soon.md) _Context: South Korea, indicted_
2. [South Korean opposition lawmakers' anti-terrorism bill filibuster, which stops all other legislative business, extends its world record to 115 hours Sunday afternoon, easily besting Canada's 58-hour session in 2011. The major issue is giving South Korea's intelligence agency powers to monitor private communications. This parliamentary session is set to end March 11, with elections on April 13. ](/news/2016/02/28/south-korean-opposition-lawmakers-anti-terrorism-bill-filibuster-which-stops-all-other-legislative-business-extends-its-world-record-to-1.md) _Context: South Korea, South Korea's intelligence agency_
3. [South Korea's opposition holds a parliamentary filibuster, the first in the National Assembly since 1969, to block the current anti-terrorism bill that would expand National Intelligence Service powers. The opposition plans to continue until March 11, when the session is scheduled to end. ](/news/2016/02/24/south-korea-s-opposition-holds-a-parliamentary-filibuster-the-first-in-the-national-assembly-since-1969-to-block-the-current-anti-terroris.md) _Context: South Korea, South Korea's intelligence agency_
4. [South Korea's National Intelligence Service warns that North Korea is currently planning a "terrorist attack" on South Korea, saying Kim Jong-un himself gave the order to North Korea's State Security Department to make preparations for attacks. The NIS warning covered a large number of possible targets, including "subways, shopping malls, exhibition centers, power plants" as well as possible cyber attacks. ](/news/2016/02/18/south-korea-s-national-intelligence-service-warns-that-north-korea-is-currently-planning-a-terrorist-attack-on-south-korea-saying-kim-jon.md) _Context: South Korea, South Korea's intelligence agency_
5. [North Korea's state agency KCNA announces the country will launch a satellite sometime between December 10 and December 22. The launch will take place around the time of South Korea's presidential election on December 19 and close to the first anniversary of the death of former leader Kim Jong-il. South Korean officials, as well as the US, believe that the isolated state is testing long-range missile technology with the aim of developing an intercontinental ballistic missile. ](/news/2012/12/1/north-korea-s-state-agency-kcna-announces-the-country-will-launch-a-satellite-sometime-between-december-10-and-december-22-the-launch-will.md) _Context: South Korea, presidential election_
6. [Four employees of Deutsche Bank AG and its South Korean brokerage unit are indicted for alleged illegal trading on the Korea Exchange. ](/news/2011/08/21/four-employees-of-deutsche-bank-ag-and-its-south-korean-brokerage-unit-are-indicted-for-alleged-illegal-trading-on-the-korea-exchange.md) _Context: South Korea, indicted_
7. [A Seoul-based radio station targeting North Koreans reports that a train carrying birthday gifts for North Korean future leader Kim Jong-un derailed, in what it describes as a possible act of revolt by opponents. South Korea's National Intelligence Service (NIS) states that it is checking the report. ](/news/2010/12/27/a-seoul-based-radio-station-targeting-north-koreans-reports-that-a-train-carrying-birthday-gifts-for-north-korean-future-leader-kim-jong-un.md) _Context: South Korea, South Korea's intelligence agency_
8. [ South Korea's spy agency, the National Intelligence Service, names North Korea's telecommunications ministry as responsible for a wave of cyber attacks in July. ](/news/2009/10/30/south-korea-s-spy-agency-the-national-intelligence-service-names-north-korea-s-telecommunications-ministry-as-responsible-for-a-wave-of-c.md) _Context: South Korea, South Korea's intelligence agency_
9. [ Cloning scientist Hwang Woo-Suk is indicted for fraud, embezzlement and violation of bioethics law in a scandal in South Korea over his faked stem cell research. ](/news/2006/05/12/cloning-scientist-hwang-woo-suk-is-indicted-for-fraud-embezzlement-and-violation-of-bioethics-law-in-a-scandal-in-south-korea-over-his-fak.md) _Context: South Korea, indicted_
10. [South Korean President Moon Jae-in and U.S. President Donald Trump agree to revise the South Korea Ballistic Missile Range Guidelines which caps South Korea's missile development. ](/news/2017/09/1/south-korean-president-moon-jae-in-and-u-s-president-donald-trump-agree-to-revise-the-south-korea-ballistic-missile-range-guidelines-which.md) _Context: South Korea_
