### [2011-08-21](/news/2011/08/21/index.md)

# 2011 Libyan civil war:Abdul Hafiz Ghoga, the Vice Chairman of the National Transitional Council, says that "the zero hour has started" with fighting continuing in Tripoli. 




### Source:

1. [Al-Jazeera](http://blogs.aljazeera.net/liveblog/libya-aug-21-2011-0436)
2. [Al-Jazeera](http://blogs.aljazeera.net/liveblog/Libya)
3. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english2010/world/2011-08/21/c_131063447.htm)
4. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-14610722)
5. [MSNBC](http://worldblog.msnbc.msn.com/_news/2011/08/21/7435311-obama-gadhafis-regime-has-reached-a-tipping-point)
6. [AFP via ''Sydney Morning Herald](http://news.smh.com.au/breaking-news-world/gaddafi-surfaces-after-rebels-advance-20110821-1j4b5.html)

### Related:

1. [National Transitional Council forces in Libya began cutting off supply lines to Tripoli after a 48 hour operation capturing key towns around the capital and surrounding the city. ](/news/2011/08/16/national-transitional-council-forces-in-libya-began-cutting-off-supply-lines-to-tripoli-after-a-48-hour-operation-capturing-key-towns-around.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War, National Transitional Council, Tripoli_
2. [2011-present Libyan factional fighting:Authorities in Tripoli announce the capture of Muammar Gaddafi's former spokesman Moussa Ibrahim near the town of Tarhouna, 40 miles south of the capital Tripoli. Ibrahim's whereabouts had been unknown since the end of the civil war in 2011 and there had been several earlier reports of his arrest. Hours later an audio message purported to be by Ibrahim appears online, in which he denies being captured or even being in Libya. ](/news/2012/10/20/2011apresent-libyan-factional-fighting-pauthorities-in-tripoli-announce-the-capture-of-muammar-gaddafi-s-former-spokesman-moussa-ibrahim-n.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War, Tripoli_
3. [Two explosions strike near government buildings in the Libyan capital of Tripoli, killing at least two people. These are the first bomb attacks since the end of the Libyan Civil War.](/news/2012/08/19/two-explosions-strike-near-government-buildings-in-the-libyan-capital-of-tripoli-killing-at-least-two-people-these-are-the-first-bomb-atta.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War, Tripoli_
4. [Aftermath of 2011 Libyan civil war: elements of former anti-Gaddafi forces from Tripoli and Misrata clash in the center of Tripoli, with five people reportedly killed. ](/news/2012/01/3/aftermath-of-2011-libyan-civil-war-elements-of-former-anti-gaddafi-forces-from-tripoli-and-misrata-clash-in-the-center-of-tripoli-with-fiv.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War, Tripoli_
5. [2011 Libyan civil war: ousted Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi's stronghold of Sirte is reportedly close to being conquered by the forces of the National Transitional Council, who have captured the city's airport, hospital, university and conference centre. ](/news/2011/10/9/2011-libyan-civil-war-ousted-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-s-stronghold-of-sirte-is-reportedly-close-to-being-conquered-by-the-forces-of.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War, National Transitional Council_
6. [2011 Libyan civil war: After a lengthy and  bloody siege, National Transitional Council forces approach the center of the city of Sirte, facing heavy resistance from troops loyal to the ousted dictator Muammar Gaddafi. ](/news/2011/10/8/2011-libyan-civil-war-after-a-lengthy-and-bloody-siege-national-transitional-council-forces-approach-the-center-of-the-city-of-sirte-fac.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War, National Transitional Council_
7. [Aftermath of Libyan Civil War:The bodies of ousted Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi, his son and advisor Mutassim Gaddafi, and former defence minister Abu-Bakr Yunis Jabr are buried in unmarked graves by the National Transitional Council. ](/news/2011/10/25/aftermath-of-libyan-civil-war-pthe-bodies-of-ousted-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-his-son-and-advisor-mutassim-gaddafi-and-former-defenc.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War, National Transitional Council_
8. [Aftermath of the 2011 Libyan civil war:The corpses of 53 pro-Muammar Gaddafi fighters are found in Sirte, all having apparently been summarily executed by NTC troops. ](/news/2011/10/24/aftermath-of-the-2011-libyan-civil-war-pthe-corpses-of-53-pro-muammar-gaddafi-fighters-are-found-in-sirte-all-having-apparently-been-summar.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War, National Transitional Council_
9. [2011 Libyan civil war:Deposed Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi is killed in a crossfire between Gaddafi loyalists and rebel fighters in his hometown of Sirte, Libya. [http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-15389550 (BBC)]The pro-Gaddafi stronghold of Sirte is captured by National Transitional Council forces following a month-long siege. The fall of Sirte marks the effective consolidation of NTC control across Libya, following the capture of the Gaddafi holdout of Bani Walid on October 17. [http://af.reuters.com/article/topNews/idAFJOE79J09O20111020 (Reuters Africa)]Mutassim Gaddafi is killed in an extrajudicial killing. ([http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2051857/Gaddafi-dead-Dictators-son-Mutassim-pictured-moments-execution.html?ITO=google_news_rss_feed Daily Mail])](/news/2011/10/20/2011-libyan-civil-war-pdeposed-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-is-killed-in-a-crossfire-between-gaddafi-loyalists-and-rebel-fighters-in-his.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War, National Transitional Council_
10. [United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton makes an unannounced visit to the Libyan capital Tripoli, aiming to strengthen ties between the United States and the National Transitional Council, which has established itself as Libya's ruling body following the ousting of Muammar Gaddafi. ](/news/2011/10/18/united-states-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-makes-an-unannounced-visit-to-the-libyan-capital-tripoli-aiming-to-strengthen-ties-between.md) _Context: National Transitional Council, Tripoli_
