### [2011-08-21](/news/2011/08/21/index.md)

# Four employees of Deutsche Bank AG and its South Korean brokerage unit are indicted for alleged illegal trading on the Korea Exchange. 




### Source:

1. [Yonhap](http://english.yonhapnews.co.kr/news/2011/08/21/0200000000AEN20110821001900315.HTML)

### Related:

1. [An interim report by South Korean prosecutors implicates President Park Geun-hye in a political scandal involving her close friend Choi Soon-sil. Three people have been indicted in relation to the scandal. President Park cannot be indicted due to a constitutional provision preventing a sitting President being indicted except for treason or insurrection. ](/news/2016/11/20/an-interim-report-by-south-korean-prosecutors-implicates-president-park-geun-hye-in-a-political-scandal-involving-her-close-friend-choi-soon.md) _Context: South Korea, indicted_
2. [Won Sei-hoon, former head of South Korea's National Intelligence Service is indicted on charges of interfering in last year's presidential election. ](/news/2013/06/14/won-sei-hoon-former-head-of-south-korea-s-national-intelligence-service-is-indicted-on-charges-of-interfering-in-last-year-s-presidential-e.md) _Context: South Korea, indicted_
3. [ Cloning scientist Hwang Woo-Suk is indicted for fraud, embezzlement and violation of bioethics law in a scandal in South Korea over his faked stem cell research. ](/news/2006/05/12/cloning-scientist-hwang-woo-suk-is-indicted-for-fraud-embezzlement-and-violation-of-bioethics-law-in-a-scandal-in-south-korea-over-his-fak.md) _Context: South Korea, indicted_
4. [Amid tensions from South Korea, U.S. President Donald Trump announces that he is "allowing Japan and South Korea to buy a substantially increased amount of highly sophisticated military equipment from the United States." ](/news/2017/09/5/amid-tensions-from-south-korea-u-s-president-donald-trump-announces-that-he-is-allowing-japan-and-south-korea-to-buy-a-substantially-incr.md) _Context: South Korea_
5. [South Korean President Moon Jae-in and U.S. President Donald Trump agree to revise the South Korea Ballistic Missile Range Guidelines which caps South Korea's missile development. ](/news/2017/09/1/south-korean-president-moon-jae-in-and-u-s-president-donald-trump-agree-to-revise-the-south-korea-ballistic-missile-range-guidelines-which.md) _Context: South Korea_
6. [An explosion at a South Korean shipyard owned by STX Offshore & Shipbuilding kills four workers. ](/news/2017/08/20/an-explosion-at-a-south-korean-shipyard-owned-by-stx-offshore-shipbuilding-kills-four-workers.md) _Context: South Korea_
7. [Teams of United States-based researchers, composed of American, Chinese and South Korean scientists, successfully edit a piece of faulty DNA that causes a deadly form of heart disease from cells in human embryos. ](/news/2017/08/2/teams-of-united-states-based-researchers-composed-of-american-chinese-and-south-korean-scientists-successfully-edit-a-piece-of-faulty-dna.md) _Context: South Korea_
8. [South Korea's National Police raid the headquarters of Korean Air as part of an investigation into embezzlement and breach of trust related to misappropriated funds alleged to have been used to fund construction at the residence of Korean Air Chairman Cho Yang-ho (father of Heather Cho, instigator of the "Nut rage incident" in 2014). The company's shares continue to drop. ](/news/2017/07/7/south-korea-s-national-police-raid-the-headquarters-of-korean-air-as-part-of-an-investigation-into-embezzlement-and-breach-of-trust-related.md) _Context: South Korea_
9. [North Korea launches an intercontinental ballistic missile that flies 620 miles horizontally in about 45 minutes, landing in the Sea of Japan, according to Japan, South Korea and the United States. ](/news/2017/07/28/north-korea-launches-an-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-that-flies-620-miles-horizontally-in-about-45-minutes-landing-in-the-sea-of-japa.md) _Context: South Korea_
10. [Former President of the Philippines Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III is indicted (among others) by the Office of the Ombudsman for his failure in handling the 2015 Mamasapano clash, which resulted in the deaths of 44 members of the Special Action Forces of the Philippine National Police. Aquino's legal team has vowed to appeal for a motion for reconsideration; as well as the group Volunteers Against Crime and Corruption (representing the victims' families), against what they call a "weak case" (citing Aquino's charges of "graft" & "usurpation of authority", instead of "reckless imprudence resulting in multiple homicide") ](/news/2017/07/14/former-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-noynoy-aquino-iii-is-indicted-among-others-by-the-office-of-the-ombudsman-for-his-failure-in.md) _Context: indicted_
