### [2004-04-23](/news/2004/04/23/index.md)

#  Muqtada al-Sadr threatens U.S. troops with suicide attacks if they move against him in Najaf. 

Get the latest breaking news and headlines from the largest Arab News website. Get world news, sport news, business news, entertainment, lifestyle, video and photos.


### Source:

1. [Arab News](http://www.arabnews.com/?page=4&section=0&article=43728&d=24&m=4&y=2004)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.co.uk/newsPackageArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=498628&section=news)

### Related:

1. [ The truce between Muqtada al-Sadr's militia and occupation troops ends as US troops surround his house in Najaf to arrest him. ](/news/2004/08/3/the-truce-between-muqtada-al-sadr-s-militia-and-occupation-troops-ends-as-us-troops-surround-his-house-in-najaf-to-arrest-him.md) _Context: Muqtada al-Sadr, Najaf_
2. [ Following the intervention of Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani, an agreement is found to end the standoff in Najaf. Although the terms are not clear, the deal requires both the al-Sadr militia and U.S. troops to leave the city, to be replaced by the police interim government. Responsibility for the Imam Ali Mosque goes to Sistani. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/3603730.stm (BBC)] This resolution occurs two days before the one-year anniversary of the assassination of Sayed Mohammed Baqir al-Hakim, a prominent Shi'ite cleric from Najaf.](/news/2004/08/27/following-the-intervention-of-grand-ayatollah-ali-al-sistani-an-agreement-is-found-to-end-the-standoff-in-najaf-although-the-terms-are-no.md) _Context: Muqtada al-Sadr, Najaf_
3. [ An ongoing battle, apparently between a combination of U.S. and Iraqi forces, and the al-Mahdi Army of Muqtada al-Sadr, damages two of minarets of the Imam Ali Mosque in Najaf, Iraq, which al-Sadr's forces occupied. ](/news/2004/08/19/an-ongoing-battle-apparently-between-a-combination-of-u-s-and-iraqi-forces-and-the-al-mahdi-army-of-muqtada-al-sadr-damages-two-of-mina.md) _Context: Muqtada al-Sadr, Najaf_
4. [ In a statement issued from his Baghdad office, Shiite Muslim cleric Muqtada al-Sadr agrees to order his militia to leave the Imam Ali Mosque in Najaf, Iraq, after threats by Prime Minister Iyad Allawi's government to "liberate" it. Al-Sadr further agrees to disband his Jaish-i-Mahdi militia, and enter the "mainstream political process". It remains unclear when the withdrawal will actually take place. ](/news/2004/08/18/in-a-statement-issued-from-his-baghdad-office-shiite-muslim-cleric-muqtada-al-sadr-agrees-to-order-his-militia-to-leave-the-imam-ali-mosqu.md) _Context: Muqtada al-Sadr, Najaf_
5. [ In the standoff between the Jaish-i-Mahdi militia and Iraqi and US forces, fears of a major assault on Najaf mount. The city is closed to journalists and some Iraqi government soldiers are reported to desert. Some delegates at the national conference call on Iraqi interim Prime Minister Allawi to end military operations against Muqtada al-Sadr. ](/news/2004/08/16/in-the-standoff-between-the-jaish-i-mahdi-militia-and-iraqi-and-us-forces-fears-of-a-major-assault-on-najaf-mount-the-city-is-closed-to-j.md) _Context: Muqtada al-Sadr, Najaf_
6. [ US planes bomb the city of Samarra, north-west of Baghdad. In Najaf, a fragile ceasefire holds, with Muqtada al-Sadr making defiant statements but continuing negotiations. The Allawi government decides to withdraw from the negotiations in the afternoon. ](/news/2004/08/14/us-planes-bomb-the-city-of-samarra-north-west-of-baghdad-in-najaf-a-fragile-ceasefire-holds-with-muqtada-al-sadr-making-defiant-stateme.md) _Context: Muqtada al-Sadr, Najaf_
7. [ In Basra, Iraq, masked militants kidnap and threaten to kill James Brandon, 23, a freelance British journalist, working for the "Sunday Telegraph", unless US troops withdraw from Najaf within 24 hours. He is released after intervention by al-Sadr. ](/news/2004/08/13/in-basra-iraq-masked-militants-kidnap-and-threaten-to-kill-james-brandon-23-a-freelance-british-journalist-working-for-the-sunday-tel.md) _Context: Muqtada al-Sadr, Najaf_
8. [ Khalil Naimi, a senior Iranian diplomat in Iraq, is killed while driving to the Iranian diplomatic mission in Baghdad by three unknown assailants, who drove up and shot him. He died shortly afterwards and the motives for the killing are unknown. The killing could complicate the mission of an Iranian government delegation which is in Iraq trying to mediate in the standoff between Iraq Alliance troops and Muqtada al-Sadr's militia, led by the radical Shiite cleric who is fortified in the town of Najaf. ](/news/2004/04/15/khalil-naimi-a-senior-iranian-diplomat-in-iraq-is-killed-while-driving-to-the-iranian-diplomatic-mission-in-baghdad-by-three-unknown-assa.md) _Context: Muqtada al-Sadr, Najaf_
9. [Three police officers are killed in a suicide bombing at a bus station in Jatinegara, Jakarta. ](/news/2017/05/24/three-police-officers-are-killed-in-a-suicide-bombing-at-a-bus-station-in-jatinegara-jakarta.md) _Context: suicide bombing_
10. [Violence erupts at a protest rally in Baghdad, Iraq, killing at least four protesters and one police officer. Thousands of supporters of Shia cleric Muqtada al-Sadr gathered in the capital to demand an overhaul of the country's electoral system. ](/news/2017/02/11/violence-erupts-at-a-protest-rally-in-baghdad-iraq-killing-at-least-four-protesters-and-one-police-officer-thousands-of-supporters-of-shi.md) _Context: Muqtada al-Sadr_
