### [2005-09-5](/news/2005/09/5/index.md)

#  A painting discovered in the Kunsthalle Bremen museum in Bremen, Germany is believed by art historians to be a previously unknown work by Norwegian artist Edvard Munch. ([http://news.independent.co.uk/europe/article310683.ece The Independent])




### Related:

1. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: German, Norway_
2. [More than a dozen alleged ISIS-linked, terrorist members of Rawti Shax, a European offshoot of the Iraqi Kurdish jihadist network Ansar al-Islam,  are arrested in a coordinated, multi-nation sweep by police across Europe. The operation  dismantled an integrated cell in Italy, the United Kingdom, Norway, Finland, Switzerland, and Germany.  The group is accused of radicalizing fighters, planning attacks  targeting Norwegian and British diplomats in the Middle East, and planning to establish a caliphate in Iraq's Kurdistan region. ](/news/2015/11/12/more-than-a-dozen-alleged-isis-linked-terrorist-members-of-rawti-shax-a-european-offshoot-of-the-iraqi-kurdish-jihadist-network-ansar-al-i.md) _Context: German, Norway_
3. [Contributions from Belgium, Canada, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Japan, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden and Switzerland allow the World Bank to cancel $36 million in Haiti's remaining debt following January's devastating earthquake. ](/news/2010/05/28/contributions-from-belgium-canada-finland-france-germany-ireland-italy-japan-the-netherlands-norway-spain-sweden-and-switzerland.md) _Context: German, Norway_
4. [Extreme weather in Europe kills nine people in Germany, traps a Eurostar train in the Channel Tunnel, disrupts flights at international airports in Amsterdam, Dublin, Knock and Paris, shuts hundreds of schools in Ireland and disrupts Norway's bus service in Oslo. ](/news/2010/01/7/extreme-weather-in-europe-kills-nine-people-in-germany-traps-a-eurostar-train-in-the-channel-tunnel-disrupts-flights-at-international-airp.md) _Context: German, Norway_
5. [ Germany and Israel complain about a Bangkok museum billboard depicting a salute by Adolf Hitler beside the slogan "Hitler is not dead". ](/news/2009/10/18/germany-and-israel-complain-about-a-bangkok-museum-billboard-depicting-a-salute-by-adolf-hitler-beside-the-slogan-hitler-is-not-dead.md) _Context: German, museum_
6. [ The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Gordon Brown launches the International Health Partnership consisting of the World Health Organisation, the World Bank, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation as well as the governments of the United Kingdom, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Norway and Portugal. ](/news/2007/09/5/the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-gordon-brown-launches-the-international-health-partnership-consisting-of-the-world-health-organisa.md) _Context: German, Norway_
7. [ Norwegian police announce they have recovered the Edvard Munch paintings ''The Scream'' and ''Madonna'', stolen in 2004. ](/news/2006/08/31/norwegian-police-announce-they-have-recovered-the-edvard-munch-paintings-the-scream-and-madonna-stolen-in-2004.md) _Context: Edvard Munch, Norway_
8. [ In Norway, thieves steal three worthless copies of Edvard Munch's paintings from an Oslo hotel ](/news/2005/08/3/in-norway-thieves-steal-three-worthless-copies-of-edvard-munch-s-paintings-from-an-oslo-hotel.md) _Context: Edvard Munch, Norway_
9. [ The Edvard Munch paintings ''The Scream'' and ''Madonna'', which were stolen from the Munch Museum in Oslo on August 22 2004, may have been burned, says the Norwegian newspaper Dagbladet. The Oslo police do not confirm the rumour. ](/news/2005/04/28/the-edvard-munch-paintings-the-scream-and-madonna-which-were-stolen-from-the-munch-museum-in-oslo-on-august-22-2004-may-have-been.md) _Context: Edvard Munch, Norway_
10. [ A court in Oslo, Norway, detains a man suspected of involved with the theft of the Edvard Munch paintings ''The Scream'' and ''Madonna''.  ](/news/2005/04/11/a-court-in-oslo-norway-detains-a-man-suspected-of-involved-with-the-theft-of-the-edvard-munch-paintings-the-scream-and-madonna.md) _Context: Edvard Munch, Norway_
