### [2005-09-5](/news/2005/09/5/index.md)

#  A Russian Navy fighter jet crashes and sinks to a depth of 1,100 meters near Shetland in the Norwegian Sea during a military exercise. The jet, a Sukhoi Su-33, slid off the flight deck of aircraft carrier "Admiral Kuznetsov" after the plane's arresting cable broke during the landing attempt; the pilot ejected out of the plane and survived. Due to the plane's reportedly containing secret high-tech military equipment, Russian authorities have decided to destroy it using underwater bombs. [http://english.pravda.ru/accidents/21/97/384/16112_sucrash.html (Pravda.Ru)], "(Aftenposten)"




### Related:

1. [NATO-Russia relations. Russia withdraws a request to refuel three of its warships, including the flagship of the Russian Navy, "Admiral Kuznetsov", en route to Syria, at the Spanish port of Ceuta following NATO pressure on the Spanish government to not allow the warships to dock. ](/news/2016/10/26/nato-russia-relations-russia-withdraws-a-request-to-refuel-three-of-its-warships-including-the-flagship-of-the-russian-navy-admiral-ku.md) _Context: Russian Navy_
2. [The Norwegian newspaper "Aftenposten" accuses Facebook of censorship because of the website's decision to remove the iconic Vietnam War-era photo "napalm girl" as child pornography. ](/news/2016/09/9/the-norwegian-newspaper-aftenposten-accuses-facebook-of-censorship-because-of-the-website-s-decision-to-remove-the-iconic-vietnam-war-er.md) _Context: Aftenposten_
3. [Russian Defense Minister Sergey Shoygu dismisses 50 high-ranking Navy officers, including Baltic Fleet Commander Viktor Kravchuk and Chief of Staff Sergei Popov, following a month-long inspection that found incompetence, deficiencies in training, and misinformation regarding the state of the fleet. ](/news/2016/06/30/russian-defense-minister-sergey-shoygu-dismisses-50-high-ranking-navy-officers-including-baltic-fleet-commander-viktor-kravchuk-and-chief-o.md) _Context: Russian Navy_
4. [Swedish submarine incidents. NATO intercepts Russian jets over the Baltic Sea while Sweden's six-day search for a possibly damaged Russian Navy submarine continues. ](/news/2014/10/22/swedish-submarine-incidents-nato-intercepts-russian-jets-over-the-baltic-sea-while-sweden-s-six-day-search-for-a-possibly-damaged-russian-n.md) _Context: Russian Navy_
5. [4 people are confirmed killed in Friday's Super Puma L2 crash near Sumburgh Airport in the Shetland Islands. Operation of the helicopter model is globally suspended. ](/news/2013/08/24/4-people-are-confirmed-killed-in-friday-s-super-puma-l2-crash-near-sumburgh-airport-in-the-shetland-islands-operation-of-the-helicopter-mod.md) _Context: Shetland Islands_
6. [Steve Jobs' GBP85m high-tech yacht "Venus" is freed from the Port of Amsterdam after his estate paid off the last of its bills. ](/news/2012/12/24/steve-jobs-agbp85m-high-tech-yacht-venus-is-freed-from-the-port-of-amsterdam-after-his-estate-paid-off-the-last-of-its-bills.md) _Context: high-tech_
7. [Steve Jobs' GBP85m high-tech yacht "Venus" is impounded at the Port of Amsterdam after designer Philippe Starck claims he is still owed money. ](/news/2012/12/21/steve-jobs-agbp85m-high-tech-yacht-venus-is-impounded-at-the-port-of-amsterdam-after-designer-philippe-starck-claims-he-is-still-owed-mon.md) _Context: high-tech_
8. [ The MV "Arctic Sea", a cargo ship missing after an apparent hijacking in July off the Swedish coast, is discovered by the Russian Navy off Cape Verde. ](/news/2009/08/17/the-mv-arctic-sea-a-cargo-ship-missing-after-an-apparent-hijacking-in-july-off-the-swedish-coast-is-discovered-by-the-russian-navy-off.md) _Context: Russian Navy_
9. [ An accident aboard K-152 "Nerpa", a nuclear-powered Russian Navy submarine doing a test run in the Sea of Japan, kills more than 20 people. ](/news/2008/11/9/an-accident-aboard-k-152-nerpa-a-nuclear-powered-russian-navy-submarine-doing-a-test-run-in-the-sea-of-japan-kills-more-than-20-people.md) _Context: Russian Navy_
10. [ Piracy in Somalia:. The Russian Navy announces that it will deploy more warships in the Gulf of Aden to curb piracy. ](/news/2008/11/20/piracy-in-somalia-the-russian-navy-announces-that-it-will-deploy-more-warships-in-the-gulf-of-aden-to-curb-piracy.md) _Context: Russian Navy_
