### [2017-06-17](/news/2017/06/17/index.md)

# At least one Afghan is killed and seven American soldiers wounded in an "insider attack" at Camp Shaheen, in the northern city of Mazar-i-Sharif. An earlier report that Americans had been killed is incorrect. The Taliban claims responsibility. 

I-SHARIF, Afghanistan (Reuters) - At least one Afghan was killed and seven American soldiers were wounded in an &quot;insider attack&quot; at a base in northern Afghanistan on Saturday, a U.S. military official said.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-afghanistan-attack-idUSKBN1980HJ)
2. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/17/world/asia/afghanistan-us-soldiers-insider-attack.html)

### Related:

1. [After a week-long assault, ISIL-KP captures the Tora Bora cave complex from the Taliban, allegedly in reaction to the 2017 Nangarhar airstrike. The Taliban say the fighting is still underway. ](/news/2017/06/14/after-a-week-long-assault-isil-kp-captures-the-tora-bora-cave-complex-from-the-taliban-allegedly-in-reaction-to-the-2017-nangarhar-airstri.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
2. [The Afghan Minister of Defense, Abdullah Habibi and the Chief of Staff of the Afghan National Army, Qadam Shah Shahim, resign after a Taliban attack on Camp Shaheen near Mazar-i-Sharif that claimed over 140 lives. ](/news/2017/04/24/the-afghan-minister-of-defense-abdullah-habibi-and-the-chief-of-staff-of-the-afghan-national-army-qadam-shah-shahim-resign-after-a-taliba.md) _Context: Mazar-i-Sharif, Taliban_
3. [Taliban insurgents attack an Afghan military base in Mazar-e-Sharif, Balkh Province, killing more than 140 soldiers. It is said to be the deadliest attack of its kind ](/news/2017/04/21/taliban-insurgents-attack-an-afghan-military-base-in-mazar-e-sharif-balkh-province-killing-more-than-140-soldiers-it-is-said-to-be-the-de.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
4. [2016 Bagram Airfield bombing: An explosion at NATO's Bagram Airfield kills four Americans and injures at least 16 U.S. service members and a Polish soldier. The Taliban claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/11/12/2016-bagram-airfield-bombing-an-explosion-at-nato-s-bagram-airfield-kills-four-americans-and-injures-at-least-16-u-s-service-members-and-a.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
5. [At least two people have been killed and 90 injured in an attack on the German consulate in Mazar-i-Sharif. The Taliban has claimed responsibility. ](/news/2016/11/10/at-least-two-people-have-been-killed-and-90-injured-in-an-attack-on-the-german-consulate-in-mazar-i-sharif-the-taliban-has-claimed-responsi.md) _Context: Mazar-i-Sharif, Taliban_
6. [At least 10 people are killed by a pair of explosions in the Tsamkani District  in the eastern Afghan province of Paktia. Spokesman Naqib Ahmad Atal says the Taliban are to blame. ](/news/2016/08/5/at-least-10-people-are-killed-by-a-pair-of-explosions-in-the-tsamkani-district-in-the-eastern-afghan-province-of-paktia-spokesman-naqib-ah.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
7. [ The Taliban leadership council  reportedly meets to determine a successor to Mullah Akhtar Mansour,  killed this weekend during an American drone strike in Pakistan. ](/news/2016/05/23/the-taliban-leadership-council-reportedly-meets-to-determine-a-successor-to-mullah-akhtar-mansour-killed-this-weekend-during-an-american.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
8. [The U.S. military warns that the Kabul Attack Network,  comprised of fighters from various jihadist groups such as  the  Taliban and Haqqani networks, is planning attacks on people in the Parwan, Khost, Kabul, and Logar Provinces, Afghanistan, and asks for information from the Afghan public. ](/news/2016/04/27/the-u-s-military-warns-that-the-kabul-attack-network-comprised-of-fighters-from-various-jihadist-groups-such-as-the-taliban-and-haqqani.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
9. [A large explosion is reported in the Afghan capital Kabul a week after the Taliban declared the start of their annual spring offensive. The target was an Afghan government security compound with at least 28 people reported killed and more than 200 others injured.  ](/news/2016/04/19/a-large-explosion-is-reported-in-the-afghan-capital-kabul-a-week-after-the-taliban-declared-the-start-of-their-annual-spring-offensive-the.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
10. [''The New York Times'' reports the U.S. Navy covered up a Naval Criminal Investigative Service (NCIS) report on Afghan detainee abuses. The NCIS investigation found that Navy SEAL Team 2's  abuse resulted in the death of a 24-year old married Afghan detainee with a new baby, and that the SEALs failed  to restrain the Afghan Local Police's detainee abuses. This drove some previously cooperative Afghans to leave for Taliban-controlled areas, the ''Times'' reports. Their commander in Afghanistan recommended these men be forced out of the elite SEAL teams. Two of the SEALs and their lieutenant have since been promoted.  Rachel E. VanLandingham, former United States Central Command's chief legal adviser on detainee and interrogation issues from 2006 to 2010, and other military lawyers, have called for the case to be reopened. ](/news/2015/12/17/the-new-york-times-reports-the-u-s-navy-covered-up-a-naval-criminal-investigative-service-ncis-report-on-afghan-detainee-abuses-the.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
