### [2017-06-17](/news/2017/06/17/index.md)

# Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke withdraws his name from consideration for an assistant secretary position at the Department of Homeland Security. 

The Department of Homeland Security says Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke is no longer a candidate for a position in the agency. The conservative firebrand said last month he was taking a job as an assistant secretary at the DHS, but the agency declined to confirm the appointment,...


### Source:

1. [AP via ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/milwaukee-sheriff-clarke-rejects-homeland-security-position-48117690)
2. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-politics/wp/2017/06/17/milwaukee-sheriff-david-clarke-rescinds-acceptance-of-homeland-security-post/?utm_term=.23516357175a)
2. [Cover Image](http://a.abcnews.com/images/US/WireAP_22167a9c95504cc898770cf7a3c95f70_16x9_992.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The United States Department of Homeland Security will not waive the Merchant Marine Act of 1920 (or "Jones Act") in response to the ongoing disaster in Puerto Rico, even though similar waivers were granted for Houston and parts of Florida, in the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey and Hurricane Irma, respectively. ](/news/2017/09/27/the-united-states-department-of-homeland-security-will-not-waive-the-merchant-marine-act-of-1920-or-jones-act-in-response-to-the-ongoing.md) _Context: United States Department of Homeland Security_
2. [The United States Department of Homeland Security plans to collect the social media information of all immigrants, including green card holders and naturalized citizens, beginning on October 18, 2017. ](/news/2017/09/26/the-united-states-department-of-homeland-security-plans-to-collect-the-social-media-information-of-all-immigrants-including-green-card-hold.md) _Context: United States Department of Homeland Security_
3. [United States Homeland Security bans Kaspersky Lab products from government computers due to fears they could be coerced into sharing information with the Russian government. ](/news/2017/09/13/united-states-homeland-security-bans-kaspersky-lab-products-from-government-computers-due-to-fears-they-could-be-coerced-into-sharing-inform.md) _Context: United States Department of Homeland Security_
4. [United States president Donald Trump announces lawyer Christopher A. Wray as his nominee to be director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ](/news/2017/06/7/united-states-president-donald-trump-announces-lawyer-christopher-a-wray-as-his-nominee-to-be-director-of-the-federal-bureau-of-investigati.md) _Context: Political appointments of Donald Trump_
5. [The White House announces that President Trump plans to nominate Textron Systems Chief Executive Ellen Lord for Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology and Logistics. Textron Systems is a defense contractor. ](/news/2017/06/27/the-white-house-announces-that-president-trump-plans-to-nominate-textron-systems-chief-executive-ellen-lord-for-under-secretary-of-defense-f.md) _Context: Political appointments of Donald Trump_
6. [The United States Senate confirms Heather Wilson as Secretary of the Air Force. ](/news/2017/05/8/the-united-states-senate-confirms-heather-wilson-as-secretary-of-the-air-force.md) _Context: Political appointments of Donald Trump_
7. [Tennessee state senator and former Army flight surgeon Mark E. Green withdraws his name from consideration as Secretary of the Army because of political opposition. Green was the Trump Administration's second nominee for this position. ](/news/2017/05/5/tennessee-state-senator-and-former-army-flight-surgeon-mark-e-green-withdraws-his-name-from-consideration-as-secretary-of-the-army-because.md) _Context: Political appointments of Donald Trump_
8. [Goldman Sachs banker Jim Donovan withdraws from consideration as Deputy Treasury Secretary in order to have time for his family. ](/news/2017/05/19/goldman-sachs-banker-jim-donovan-withdraws-from-consideration-as-deputy-treasury-secretary-in-order-to-have-time-for-his-family.md) _Context: Political appointments of Donald Trump_
9. [The U.S. Department of Homeland Security withdraws its order that Twitter unmask a user whose tweets are critical of President Donald Trump following the company's court filing to block the order on constitutional grounds. ](/news/2017/04/7/the-u-s-department-of-homeland-security-withdraws-its-order-that-twitter-unmask-a-user-whose-tweets-are-critical-of-president-donald-trump.md) _Context: United States Department of Homeland Security_
10. [The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-primaries-neurosurgeon-ben-carson-and-gover.md) _Context: Political appointments of Donald Trump_
