### [2017-06-17](/news/2017/06/17/index.md)

# Political appointments of Donald Trump: Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke withdraws his name from consideration for an assistant secretary position at the Department of Homeland Security. 

The Department of Homeland Security says Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke is no longer a candidate for a position in the agency. The conservative firebrand said last month he was taking a job as an assistant secretary at the DHS, but the agency declined to confirm the appointment,...


### Source:

1. [AP via ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/milwaukee-sheriff-clarke-rejects-homeland-security-position-48117690)
2. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-politics/wp/2017/06/17/milwaukee-sheriff-david-clarke-rescinds-acceptance-of-homeland-security-post/?utm_term=.23516357175a)

### Related:

1. [Political appointments of Donald Trump: United States president Donald Trump announces lawyer Christopher A. Wray as his nominee to be director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ](/news/2017/06/7/political-appointments-of-donald-trump-united-states-president-donald-trump-announces-lawyer-christopher-a-wray-as-his-nominee-to-be-direc.md) _Context: Political appointments of Donald Trump_
2. [Political appointments of Donald Trump: The White House announces that President Trump plans to nominate Textron Systems Chief Executive Ellen Lord for Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology and Logistics. Textron Systems is a defense contractor. ](/news/2017/06/27/political-appointments-of-donald-trump-the-white-house-announces-that-president-trump-plans-to-nominate-textron-systems-chief-executive-ell.md) _Context: Political appointments of Donald Trump_
3. [Political appointments of Donald Trump: The United States Senate confirms Heather Wilson as Secretary of the Air Force. ](/news/2017/05/8/political-appointments-of-donald-trump-the-united-states-senate-confirms-heather-wilson-as-secretary-of-the-air-force.md) _Context: Political appointments of Donald Trump_
4. [Political appointments of Donald Trump: Tennessee state senator and former Army flight surgeon Mark E. Green withdraws his name from consideration as Secretary of the Army because of political opposition. Green was the Trump Administration's second nominee for this position. ](/news/2017/05/5/political-appointments-of-donald-trump-tennessee-state-senator-and-former-army-flight-surgeon-mark-e-green-withdraws-his-name-from-conside.md) _Context: Political appointments of Donald Trump_
5. [Political appointments of Donald Trump: Goldman Sachs banker Jim Donovan withdraws from consideration as Deputy Treasury Secretary in order to have time for his family. ](/news/2017/05/19/political-appointments-of-donald-trump-goldman-sachs-banker-jim-donovan-withdraws-from-consideration-as-deputy-treasury-secretary-in-order.md) _Context: Political appointments of Donald Trump_
6. [The U.S. Department of Homeland Security withdraws its order that Twitter unmask a user whose tweets are critical of President Donald Trump following the company's court filing to block the order on constitutional grounds. ](/news/2017/04/7/the-u-s-department-of-homeland-security-withdraws-its-order-that-twitter-unmask-a-user-whose-tweets-are-critical-of-president-donald-trump.md) _Context: Department of Homeland Security_
7. [Political appointments of Donald Trump: The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/political-appointments-of-donald-trump-the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-prim.md) _Context: Political appointments of Donald Trump_
8. [U.S. immigration suspension, "State of Washington v. Trump": The Department of Homeland Security says it has stopped enforcing the executive order per Judge James Robart's ruling in "State of Washington v. Trump". The State Department activates visas that had been previously suspended because of this order. ](/news/2017/02/4/u-s-immigration-suspension-state-of-washington-v-trump-the-department-of-homeland-security-says-it-has-stopped-enforcing-the-executive.md) _Context: Department of Homeland Security_
9. [Political appointments of Donald Trump: West Point graduate, billionaire businessman, and philanthropist Vincent Viola withdraws his name from consideration as Secretary of the Army because of Defense Department rules concerning his family businesses. ](/news/2017/02/3/political-appointments-of-donald-trump-west-point-graduate-billionaire-businessman-and-philanthropist-vincent-viola-withdraws-his-name-fr.md) _Context: Political appointments of Donald Trump_
10. [Political appointments of Donald Trump: Philip Bilden, nominee for Secretary of the Navy, withdraws his name from consideration. Mr. Bilden says his business interests created complications. ](/news/2017/02/26/political-appointments-of-donald-trump-philip-bilden-nominee-for-secretary-of-the-navy-withdraws-his-name-from-consideration-mr-bilden.md) _Context: Political appointments of Donald Trump_
