### [2017-06-17](/news/2017/06/17/index.md)

# USS "Fitzgerald" and MV "ACX Crystal" collision: The USS "Fitzgerald", a United States Navy destroyer, collides with a merchant ship MV "ACX Crystal" off the coast of Japan at around 2:30 a.m. local time, with seven American sailors reported missing. The ship was taking on water and able to operate at limited propulsion. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2017/06/16/politics/us-navy-destroyer-collides-with-merchant-ship-japan/index.html)

### Related:

1. [USS "Fitzgerald" and MV "ACX Crystal" collision: Rescuers find the bodies of seven United States Navy sailors who were missing after the prior day's collision between the USS "Fitzgerald" and the MV "ACX Crysta"l off the coast of Yokosuka, Japan. ](/news/2017/06/18/uss-fitzgerald-and-mv-acx-crystal-collision-rescuers-find-the-bodies-of-seven-united-states-navy-sailors-who-were-missing-after-the-pri.md) _Context: Japan, MV ''ACX Crysta''l, USS ''Fitzgerald'', United States Navy, collision with a container ship_
2. [USS "Fitzgerald" and MV "ACX Crystal" collision: The US Navy has announced that about a dozen sailors of the USS "Fitzgerald" are to be disciplined in the aftermath of the collision with a container ship last June, where 7 crew members died. ](/news/2017/08/17/uss-fitzgerald-and-mv-acx-crystal-collision-the-us-navy-has-announced-that-about-a-dozen-sailors-of-the-uss-fitzgerald-are-to-be-disc.md) _Context: USS ''Fitzgerald'', United States Navy, collision with a container ship_
3. [United States Navy commandos from the destroyer USS "Bulkeley" capture four Somali pirates who boarded the Japanese oil tanker, the MV Guanabara. ](/news/2011/03/6/united-states-navy-commandos-from-the-destroyer-uss-bulkeley-capture-four-somali-pirates-who-boarded-the-japanese-oil-tanker-the-mv-guana.md) _Context: Japan, United States Navy_
4. [Aftermath of the USS "John S. McCain" collision: The United States Navy relieves vice admiral Joseph Aucoin as commander of the United States Seventh Fleet following four collisions in Asia this year that claimed the lives of 17 sailors. ](/news/2017/08/23/aftermath-of-the-uss-john-s-mccain-collision-the-united-states-navy-relieves-vice-admiral-joseph-aucoin-as-commander-of-the-united-state.md) _Context: United States Navy_
5. [Shipwrecks in 2017: The United States Navy's USS "John S. McCain" collides with the Liberian-flagged "Alnic" MC near Singapore. Rescue efforts are underway with ten sailors reported as missing. ](/news/2017/08/21/shipwrecks-in-2017-the-united-states-navy-s-uss-john-s-mccain-collides-with-the-liberian-flagged-alnic-mc-near-singapore-rescue-effor.md) _Context: United States Navy_
6. [Tropical Storm Nanmadol (2017): The death toll from flooding on the southern Japanese island of Kyushu rises to 15, with six others missing. ](/news/2017/07/8/tropical-storm-nanmadol-2017-the-death-toll-from-flooding-on-the-southern-japanese-island-of-kyushu-rises-to-15-with-six-others-missing.md) _Context: Japan_
7. [2017 Pacific typhoon season: Severe flooding on the Japanese island of Kyushu has caused seven deaths with twenty people unaccounted for. ](/news/2017/07/7/2017-pacific-typhoon-season-severe-flooding-on-the-japanese-island-of-kyushu-has-caused-seven-deaths-with-twenty-people-unaccounted-for.md) _Context: Japan_
8. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea test-launches what is presumed to be its first intercontinental ballistic missile 933 kilometers into the Sea of Japan within Japan's Exclusive Economic Zone. An American expert theorizes the ICBM, which reached an altitude of 2,802 km, could potentially reach the U.S. state of Alaska. ](/news/2017/07/4/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-test-launches-what-is-presumed-to-be-its-first-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-9.md) _Context: Japan_
9. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: 2017 North Korean missile tests: North Korea launches an intercontinental ballistic missile that flies 620 miles horizontally in about 45 minutes, landing in the Sea of Japan, according to Japan, South Korea and the United States. ](/news/2017/07/28/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-2017-north-korean-missile-tests-north-korea-launches-an-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-tha.md) _Context: Japan_
10. [Iran-United States relations: The United States Navy says the USS "Thunderbolt" fired a warning shot at an Iranian patrol boat after it came within 150 yards of the U.S. ship. ](/news/2017/07/25/iran-united-states-relations-the-united-states-navy-says-the-uss-thunderbolt-fired-a-warning-shot-at-an-iranian-patrol-boat-after-it-ca.md) _Context: United States Navy_
