### [2017-06-17](/news/2017/06/17/index.md)

# War in Afghanistan: At least one Afghan is killed and seven American soldiers wounded in an "insider attack" at Camp Shaheen, in the northern city of Mazar-i-Sharif. An earlier report that Americans had been killed is incorrect. The Taliban claims responsibility. 

I-SHARIF, Afghanistan (Reuters) - At least one Afghan was killed and seven American soldiers were wounded in an &quot;insider attack&quot; at a base in northern Afghanistan on Saturday, a U.S. military official said.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-afghanistan-attack-idUSKBN1980HJ)
2. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/17/world/asia/afghanistan-us-soldiers-insider-attack.html)

### Related:

1. [War in Afghanistan: According to the Defense Ministry, between 26 and 30 military personnel are dead and over 80 Taliban militants have been either killed or wounded amid intense fighting at a military base in Kandahar Province. ](/news/2017/07/26/war-in-afghanistan-according-to-the-defense-ministry-between-26-and-30-military-personnel-are-dead-and-over-80-taliban-militants-have-been.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
2. [War in Afghanistan: 2017 Lashkargah bombing: A car bomb outside a New Kabul Bank branch in Lashkargah, Helmand Province, kills at least 20 people. The Taliban claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/06/22/war-in-afghanistan-2017-lashkargah-bombing-a-car-bomb-outside-a-new-kabul-bank-branch-in-lashkargah-helmand-province-kills-at-least-20-p.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
3. [War in Afghanistan: After a week-long assault, ISIL-KP captures the Tora Bora cave complex from the Taliban, allegedly in reaction to the 2017 Nangarhar airstrike. The Taliban say the fighting is still underway. ](/news/2017/06/14/war-in-afghanistan-after-a-week-long-assault-isil-kp-captures-the-tora-bora-cave-complex-from-the-taliban-allegedly-in-reaction-to-the-20.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
4. [2017 Camp Shaheen attack: The Afghan Minister of Defense, Abdullah Habibi and the Chief of Staff of the Afghan National Army, Qadam Shah Shahim, resign after a Taliban attack on Camp Shaheen near Mazar-i-Sharif that claimed over 140 lives. ](/news/2017/04/24/2017-camp-shaheen-attack-the-afghan-minister-of-defense-abdullah-habibi-and-the-chief-of-staff-of-the-afghan-national-army-qadam-shah-sha.md) _Context: Mazar-i-Sharif, Taliban_
5. [War in Afghanistan: 2017 Camp Shaheen attack: Taliban insurgents attack an Afghan military base in Mazar-e-Sharif, Balkh Province, killing more than 140 soldiers. It is said to be the deadliest attack of its kind ](/news/2017/04/21/war-in-afghanistan-2017-camp-shaheen-attack-taliban-insurgents-attack-an-afghan-military-base-in-mazar-e-sharif-balkh-province-killing-m.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
6. [War in Afghanistan: 2016 Bagram Airfield bombing: An explosion at NATO's Bagram Airfield kills four Americans and injures at least 16 U.S. service members and a Polish soldier. The Taliban claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/11/12/war-in-afghanistan-2016-bagram-airfield-bombing-an-explosion-at-nato-s-bagram-airfield-kills-four-americans-and-injures-at-least-16-u-s-s.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
7. [German consulate in Mazar-i-Sharif attack: At least two people have been killed and 90 injured in an attack on the German consulate in Mazar-i-Sharif. The Taliban has claimed responsibility. ](/news/2016/11/10/german-consulate-in-mazar-i-sharif-attack-at-least-two-people-have-been-killed-and-90-injured-in-an-attack-on-the-german-consulate-in-mazar.md) _Context: Mazar-i-Sharif, Taliban_
8. [War in Afghanistan: At least 10 people are killed by a pair of explosions in the Tsamkani District in the eastern Afghan province of Paktia. Spokesman Naqib Ahmad Atal says the Taliban are to blame. ](/news/2016/08/5/war-in-afghanistan-at-least-10-people-are-killed-by-a-pair-of-explosions-in-the-tsamkani-district-in-the-eastern-afghan-province-of-paktia.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
9. [ War in Afghanistan: The Taliban leadership council reportedly meets to determine a successor to Mullah Akhtar Mansour, killed this weekend during an American drone strike in Pakistan. ](/news/2016/05/23/war-in-afghanistan-the-taliban-leadership-council-reportedly-meets-to-determine-a-successor-to-mullah-akhtar-mansour-killed-this-weekend.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
10. [War in Afghanistan: The U.S. military warns that the Kabul Attack Network, comprised of fighters from various jihadist groups such as the Taliban and Haqqani networks, is planning attacks on people in the Parwan, Khost, Kabul, and Logar Provinces, Afghanistan, and asks for information from the Afghan public. ](/news/2016/04/27/war-in-afghanistan-the-u-s-military-warns-that-the-kabul-attack-network-comprised-of-fighters-from-various-jihadist-groups-such-as-the-ta.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
