### [2012-06-20](/news/2012/06/20/index.md)

# The former Prime Minister of Romania, Adrian Nastase, narrowly survives a suicide attempt by gunshot to the throat following a controversial court decision sentencing him to two years in jail. 

Former Romanian Prime Minister Adrian Nastase shoots himself in the neck hours after a jail sentence against him on corruption charges is upheld.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-18529394)

### Related:

1. [The government of Prime Minister of Romania Sorin Grindeanu survives a no-confidence motion over proposed decriminalisation of certain corruption offences, with 161 MPs voting in favor of the motion, short of the 232 votes needed for it to pass. ](/news/2017/02/8/the-government-of-prime-minister-of-romania-sorin-grindeanu-survives-a-no-confidence-motion-over-proposed-decriminalisation-of-certain-corru.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Romania_
2. [Romanian Prime Minister Sorin Grindeanu announces that his government will scrap its proposed decree of decriminalizing some graft offenses on Sunday. ](/news/2017/02/4/romanian-prime-minister-sorin-grindeanu-announces-that-his-government-will-scrap-its-proposed-decree-of-decriminalizing-some-graft-offenses.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Romania_
3. [Romanian President Klaus Iohannis designates social-democrat Sorin Grindeanu as the country's new prime minister, after the victory of the centre-left PSD earlier this month. ](/news/2016/12/30/romanian-president-klaus-iohannis-designates-social-democrat-sorin-grindeanu-as-the-country-s-new-prime-minister-after-the-victory-of-the-c.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Romania_
4. [Being forced into opposition a year earlier, by the resignation of Prime Minister Victor Ponta amid the Colectiv nightclub fire tragedy, the Social Democratic Party returns to government following a landslide victory in last Sunday's parliamentary elections. ](/news/2016/12/12/being-forced-into-opposition-a-year-earlier-by-the-resignation-of-prime-minister-victor-ponta-amid-the-colectiv-nightclub-fire-tragedy-the.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Romania_
5. [Romanian Prime Minister Victor Ponta declares three days of national mourning. ](/news/2015/10/31/romanian-prime-minister-victor-ponta-declares-three-days-of-national-mourning.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Romania_
6. [The Prime Minister of Romania Victor Ponta is charged in an on-going corruption scandal. ](/news/2015/07/13/the-prime-minister-of-romania-victor-ponta-is-charged-in-an-on-going-corruption-scandal.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Romania_
7. [Romania's National Anticorruption Directorate announces that it is investigating the Prime Minister Victor Ponta for alleged money laundering, forgery and corruption. Ponta denies the allegations and is refusing to stand down. ](/news/2015/06/5/romania-s-national-anticorruption-directorate-announces-that-it-is-investigating-the-prime-minister-victor-ponta-for-alleged-money-launderin.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Romania_
8. [Romanian presidential election, 2014:More than 18 million Romanians are expected to go to the polls to choose their president in one of the most important elections since the 1989 revolution. ''[http://english.hotnews.ro/stiri-top_news-18434801-romania-heads-first-round-presidential-elections-key-moment-for-democracy-and-state-law.htm (HotNews.ro)]'' ''[http://www.euractiv.com/sections/elections/romanians-elect-new-president-atmosphere-scandal-309682 (EurActiv)]''Romanian Prime Minister Victor Ponta, from the rulling PSD, and the ethnic German mayor of Sibiu Klaus Iohannis, from the opposition ACL electoral alliance, will face a November 16 runoff, with the incumbent Social democrat premier favored to win. ''[http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-29874030 (BBC)]''   ](/news/2014/11/2/romanian-presidential-election-2014-pmore-than-18-million-romanians-are-expected-to-go-to-the-polls-to-choose-their-president-in-one-of-the.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Romania_
9. [Voters in Romania go to the polls for the second round of the presidential election with Klaus Iohannis scoring an upset victory over current Prime Minister Victor Ponta. ](/news/2014/11/16/voters-in-romania-go-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-the-presidential-election-with-klaus-iohannis-scoring-an-upset-victory-over-curren.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Romania_
10. [Romanian President Traian Basescu sparks a new crisis by refusing to sign the country's IMF accord and threatens Prime Minister Victor Ponta's government with rejecting the national budget, blocking important indexations of salaries and pensions for the following year, over an ongoing political feud between the two leaders. ](/news/2013/12/3/romanian-president-traian-basescu-sparks-a-new-crisis-by-refusing-to-sign-the-country-s-imf-accord-and-threatens-prime-minister-victor-pont.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Romania_
