### [2012-06-20](/news/2012/06/20/index.md)

# The United States House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform cites the Attorney-General Eric Holder for contempt of Congress for failing to cooperate with an investigation into Operation "Fast and Furious". 

The president asserted executive privilege over documents related to the &ldquo;Fast and Furious&rdquo; operation as a House panel moved forward with plans to hold the attorney general in contempt.


### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/fast-and-furious-scandal-obama-exerts-executive-privilege-house-panel-moves-forward-with-contempt-vote/2012/06/20/gJQAGImIqV_story.html?hpid=z1?wpisrc=al_comboNP_p)

### Related:

1. [The United States House of Representatives holds Attorney-General Eric Holder in contempt for his perceived obstruction of the Congressional investigation into Operation Fast and Furious. Most House Republicans and 17 Democrats approve the decision. ](/news/2012/06/28/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-holds-attorney-general-eric-holder-in-contempt-for-his-perceived-obstruction-of-the-congressional.md) _Context: Eric Holder, United States Attorney General, contempt_
2. [Attorney General Eric Holder, acting for the Obama Administration, testifies before the House Judiciary Committee that he was not party to the U.S. Justice Department's secret seizure of telephone records of the news agency the Associated Press. The Justice Department seized two months worth of telephone records from AP offices and reporters. ](/news/2013/05/13/attorney-general-eric-holder-acting-for-the-obama-administration-testifies-before-the-house-judiciary-committee-that-he-was-not-party-to-t.md) _Context: Eric Holder, United States Attorney General_
3. [Republican U.S. Representative Darrell Issa calls for Attorney General Eric Holder to resign over lack of progress in prosecuting Julian Assange, and plans are announced of holding a congressional inquiry into Wikileaks and Assange. ](/news/2011/01/3/republican-u-s-representative-darrell-issa-calls-for-attorney-general-eric-holder-to-resign-over-lack-of-progress-in-prosecuting-julian-ass.md) _Context: Eric Holder, United States Attorney General_
4. [ The United States Senate confirms Eric Holder as Attorney General. ](/news/2009/02/2/the-united-states-senate-confirms-eric-holder-as-attorney-general.md) _Context: Eric Holder, United States Attorney General_
5. [United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions, along with Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein and National Intelligence Director Dan Coats visit the Guantanamo Bay Detention Camp. ](/news/2017/07/7/united-states-attorney-general-jeff-sessions-along-with-deputy-attorney-general-rod-rosenstein-and-national-intelligence-director-dan-coats.md) _Context: United States Attorney General_
6. [Utah representative Jason Chaffetz, chairman of the House Oversight Committee, announces that he will not run for re-election next year. ](/news/2017/04/19/utah-representative-jason-chaffetz-chairman-of-the-house-oversight-committee-announces-that-he-will-not-run-for-re-election-next-year.md) _Context: House Oversight Committee_
7. [United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions requests the resignations of 46 Barack Obama-era chief federal prosecutors, including United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York Preet Bharara, who was previously told to stay on by then President-elect Donald Trump in November. ](/news/2017/03/10/united-states-attorney-general-jeff-sessions-requests-the-resignations-of-46-barack-obama-era-chief-federal-prosecutors-including-united-st.md) _Context: United States Attorney General_
8. [The United States Senate, in a 52 to 47 vote, confirms the nomination of Jeff Sessions as United States Attorney General. ](/news/2017/02/8/the-united-states-senate-in-a-52-to-47-vote-confirms-the-nomination-of-jeff-sessions-as-united-states-attorney-general.md) _Context: United States Attorney General_
9. [U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch announces criminal corruption charges against 16 FIFA officials in an indictment that expands Justice's May filing that indicted 14 officials associated with FIFA (Federation Internationale de Football Association) and related sports marketing companies. At U.S. authorities request, Swiss police arrest two South American FIFA (Federation Internationale de Football Association) officials at the five-star Baur au Lac hotel in Zurich, on suspicion of accepting "millions of dollars" in bribes. In addition, eight of the defendants indicted in May have pleaded guilty. ](/news/2015/12/3/u-s-attorney-general-loretta-lynch-announces-criminal-corruption-charges-against-16-fifa-officials-in-an-indictment-that-expands-justice-s.md) _Context: United States Attorney General_
10. [Eric Holder announces his resignation as Attorney General of the United States, effective from when the Senate confirms a successor. ](/news/2014/09/25/eric-holder-announces-his-resignation-as-attorney-general-of-the-united-states-effective-from-when-the-senate-confirms-a-successor.md) _Context: Eric Holder_
