### [2012-06-20](/news/2012/06/20/index.md)

# The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights claims that at least 20 Syrian Army soldiers and five rebels are killed in heavy fighting near Latakia district. 




### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://blogs.aljazeera.com/topic/syria/least-20-soldiers-reported-killed-clashes-latakia)

### Related:

1. [Airstrikes hit  Darkush in Idlib Province near the Turkish border, killing at least 23 people, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights.  At least 25 died when rebels shelled government-held areas of Aleppo. Friday is the last day of a 72-hour Syrian Army-sponsored ceasefire. ](/news/2016/07/8/airstrikes-hit-darkush-in-idlib-province-near-the-turkish-border-killing-at-least-23-people-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human.md) _Context: Syrian Army, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
2. [Syrian Army troops surround the central prison in Hama after inmates revolted, seizing several guards. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says inmates were protesting against a planned transfer of prisoners from Hama to Sednaya Prison near Damascus. ](/news/2016/05/2/syrian-army-troops-surround-the-central-prison-in-hama-after-inmates-revolted-seizing-several-guards-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-righ.md) _Context: Syrian Army, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
3. [Syrian troops advance into Palmyra on multiple fronts with the help of Russian airstrikes and take several neighbourhoods, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. However they were unable to encircle the city. ](/news/2016/03/26/syrian-troops-advance-into-palmyra-on-multiple-fronts-with-the-help-of-russian-airstrikes-and-take-several-neighbourhoods-according-to-the.md) _Context: Syrian Army, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
4. [Airstrikes by Syrian or Russian warplanes on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah in northern Syria, leaves at least 39 people dead, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. Airstrikes on the city of Palmyra and nearby villages are said to have killed at least 18 ISIL militants, as the Syrian Army advance on the city. ](/news/2016/03/19/airstrikes-by-syrian-or-russian-warplanes-on-isil-s-de-facto-capital-al-raqqah-in-northern-syria-leaves-at-least-39-people-dead-according.md) _Context: Syrian Army, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
5. [ISIL militants cut off the Syrian Army's main supply route to the city of Aleppo and capture the village of Khanasir, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2016/02/23/isil-militants-cut-off-the-syrian-army-s-main-supply-route-to-the-city-of-aleppo-and-capture-the-village-of-khanasir-according-to-the-syria.md) _Context: Syrian Army, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
6. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights claims that scores of Syrian Army troops have been killed in fighting with the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant over the past few days with the fiercest battles near the city of Deir ez-Zor. ](/news/2016/01/19/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-claims-that-scores-of-syrian-army-troops-have-been-killed-in-fighting-with-the-islamic-state-of-iraq.md) _Context: Syrian Army, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
7. [At least 75 Syrian Army soldiers and pro-Assad militiamen are killed following a multi-front attack on the eastern Syrian city of Deir ez-Zor by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant forces. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports ISIL fighters had advanced into the northern tip of Deir ez-Zor city, and captured the suburb of Al-Baghaliyeh. The pro-government Syrian Arab News Agency (SANA) reports that government forces had repelled an attack on the city leaving dozens of militants dead. ](/news/2016/01/16/at-least-75-syrian-army-soldiers-and-pro-assad-militiamen-are-killed-following-a-multi-front-attack-on-the-eastern-syrian-city-of-deir-ez-zo.md) _Context: Syrian Army, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
8. [Islamic State fighters take control of a section of road running between the towns of Khanaser and Ithriya, southeast of Aleppo, according to a monitoring group. This threatens the Syrian army's only supply route into the city. ](/news/2015/10/23/islamic-state-fighters-take-control-of-a-section-of-road-running-between-the-towns-of-khanaser-and-ithriya-southeast-of-aleppo-according-t.md) _Context: Syrian Army, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
9. [Following Russian airstrikes, the Syrian army and allied Lebanese Hezbollah militia take control of a highland area in Idlib province close to insurgent-held positions, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2015/10/11/following-russian-airstrikes-the-syrian-army-and-allied-lebanese-hezbollah-militia-take-control-of-a-highland-area-in-idlib-province-close.md) _Context: Syrian Army, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
10. [Islamist rebels execute 56 Syrian Army personnel following the capture of the Abu al-Duhur airbase in the Idlib Governorate according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2015/09/19/islamist-rebels-execute-56-syrian-army-personnel-following-the-capture-of-the-abu-al-duhur-airbase-in-the-idlib-governorate-according-to-the.md) _Context: Syrian Army, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
