### [2012-06-20](/news/2012/06/20/index.md)

# UEFA Euro 2012:UEFA Euro 2012's off-day is dominated by the fall-out of yesterday's ghost goal scored by Ukraine against England, with John Terry hooking the ball from behind the goal line after a shot by Marko Devic under the eyes of the additional assistant beside the goal. 

Uefa&#039;s chief refereeing officer Pierluigi Collina on Wednesday said that a Ukraine effort ruled out against England in their final Euro 2012 Group D match for not crossing the goal line should have been given.


### Source:

1. [Reuters via Yahoo!](http://uk.eurosport.yahoo.com/news/ukraines-woes-dominate-rest-day-190905635--sow.html)
2. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/competitions/euro-2012/9344475/Euro-2012-Ukraine-goal-crossed-the-line-and-should-have-been-given-says-Uefa-referee-chief-Pierluigi-Collina.html)
3. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/picturegalleries/9342803/Euro-2012-England-v-Ukraine-in-pictures.html?frame=2253500#?frame=2253504)
4. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/italy/9340743/Italy-coach-Cesare-Prandelli-dedicates-Antonio-Cassanos-goal-against-Republic-of-Ireland-to-Uefa-president-Michel-Platini.html)

### Related:

1. [UEFA Euro 2012:The debate surrounding goal-line technology resurfaces as co-hosts Ukraine are denied an apparent goal in controversial circumstances against England, with John Terry hooking the ball from behind the goal line after a shot by Marko Devic under the eyes of the fifth official beside the goal. Wayne Rooney's header in the second half carries England through at the Donbass Arena in Donetsk. ](/news/2012/06/19/uefa-euro-2012-pthe-debate-surrounding-goal-line-technology-resurfaces-as-co-hosts-ukraine-are-denied-an-apparent-goal-in-controversial-circ.md) _Context: England national football team, John Terry, Marko Dević, UEFA Euro 2012, Ukraine, ghost goal_
2. [UK government ministers announce their intention to boycott group games involving the England national football team at UEFA Euro 2012 in Ukraine. ](/news/2012/06/7/uk-government-ministers-announce-their-intention-to-boycott-group-games-involving-the-england-national-football-team-at-uefa-euro-2012-in-uk.md) _Context: England national football team, UEFA Euro 2012_
3. [UEFA Euro 2012:Police launch an investigation into allegations of online racist abuse during England's quarter-final exit on penalties after their latest defeat on Sunday. ](/news/2012/06/25/uefa-euro-2012-ppolice-launch-an-investigation-into-allegations-of-online-racist-abuse-during-england-s-quarter-final-exit-on-penalties-afte.md) _Context: England national football team, UEFA Euro 2012_
4. [UEFA Euro 2012:England lose by a penalty shoot-out, with former West Ham player Alessandro Diamanti converting from the spot at the Olimpiyskiy National Sports Complex in Kiev to take Italy through to the semi-final against Germany.  ](/news/2012/06/24/uefa-euro-2012-pengland-lose-by-a-penalty-shoot-out-with-former-west-ham-player-alessandro-diamanti-converting-from-the-spot-at-the-olimpiy.md) _Context: England national football team, UEFA Euro 2012_
5. [UEFA Euro 2012:In an unprecedented development, the match between France and Ukraine at the Donbass Arena in Donetsk, Ukraine, is postponed for 55 minutes in the midst of a lightning storm and torrential rain. ](/news/2012/06/15/uefa-euro-2012-pin-an-unprecedented-development-the-match-between-france-and-ukraine-at-the-donbass-arena-in-donetsk-ukraine-is-postponed.md) _Context: UEFA Euro 2012, Ukraine_
6. [The Football Association removes John Terry as captain of the England national football team over allegations of racial abuse of Anton Ferdinand during a match. ](/news/2012/02/3/the-football-association-removes-john-terry-as-captain-of-the-england-national-football-team-over-allegations-of-racial-abuse-of-anton-ferdi.md) _Context: England national football team, John Terry_
7. [England national football team and Chelsea captain John Terry faces charges at the Westminster Magistrates' Court in London that he used an ethnic slur against QPR defender Anton Ferdinand during a match in October. ](/news/2012/02/1/england-national-football-team-and-chelsea-captain-john-terry-faces-charges-at-the-westminster-magistrates-court-in-london-that-he-used-an.md) _Context: England national football team, John Terry_
8. [John Terry, the captain of the England football team is to face criminal charges over allegations he used racist language towards a black player during a Premier League game. ](/news/2011/12/21/john-terry-the-captain-of-the-england-football-team-is-to-face-criminal-charges-over-allegations-he-used-racist-language-towards-a-black-pl.md) _Context: England national football team, John Terry_
9. [Sam Allardyce is appointed as the new England national football team manager by The Football Association following the resignation of Roy Hodgson in June. ](/news/2016/07/22/sam-allardyce-is-appointed-as-the-new-england-national-football-team-manager-by-the-football-association-following-the-resignation-of-roy-ho.md) _Context: England national football team_
10. [Underdogs Iceland defeat England 2-1 at the Allianz Riviera in Nice to reach the quarter-finals of the UEFA European Championship. ](/news/2016/06/27/underdogs-iceland-defeat-england-2-1-at-the-allianz-riviera-in-nice-to-reach-the-quarter-finals-of-the-uefa-european-championship.md) _Context: England national football team_
