### [2013-05-13](/news/2013/05/13/index.md)

# Attorney General Eric Holder, acting for the Obama Administration, testifies before the House Judiciary Committee that he was not party to the U.S. Justice Department's secret seizure of telephone records of the news agency the Associated Press. The Justice Department seized two months worth of telephone records from AP offices and reporters. 

Attorney General Eric Holder said Tuesday that the deputy attorney general was the one who ultimately authorized the subpoena to secretly obtain phone records from The Associated Press, as he revealed he had recused himself early on in the related investigation into leaks of sensitive information.


### Source:

1. [AP](http://www.newser.com/article/da6a00e82/gop-dems-aggressively-question-holder-over-subpoenas-of-ap-phone-records.html)
2. [CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-201_162-57584439/holder-i-wasnt-involved-in-ap-secret-phone-probe/)
3. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2013/05/15/holder-recuses-himself-from-doj-probe-associated-press-phone-records/)

### Related:

1. [In the United States, Senator Rand Paul ends a 13-hour filibuster to block voting on the nomination of John O. Brennan as the Director of the CIA, questioning President Barack Obama and his administration's use of drones, and the stated legal justification for hypothetical lethal use within the United States targeting against noncombatants. Attorney General Eric Holder states that combat drones would not be used to target and kill, without due process, Americans not engaged in combat on American soil. ](/news/2013/03/7/in-the-united-states-senator-rand-paul-ends-a-13-hour-filibuster-to-block-voting-on-the-nomination-of-john-o-brennan-as-the-director-of-th.md) _Context: Eric Holder, Obama Administration_
2. [The US Justice Department's inspector general finds that the agency's Operation Fast and Furious created a "significant danger to public safety". The investigation also finds that Atty. Gen. Eric H. Holder Jr. had no prior knowledge of the operation. ](/news/2012/09/19/the-us-justice-department-s-inspector-general-finds-that-the-agency-s-operation-fast-and-furious-created-a-significant-danger-to-public-saf.md) _Context: United States Attorney General, United States Justice Department_
3. [The United States House of Representatives holds Attorney-General Eric Holder in contempt for his perceived obstruction of the Congressional investigation into Operation Fast and Furious. Most House Republicans and 17 Democrats approve the decision. ](/news/2012/06/28/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-holds-attorney-general-eric-holder-in-contempt-for-his-perceived-obstruction-of-the-congressional.md) _Context: Eric Holder, United States Attorney General_
4. [Operation Fast and Furious:: The United States House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform cites the Attorney-General Eric Holder for contempt of Congress for failing to cooperate with an investigation into Operation "Fast and Furious". ](/news/2012/06/20/operation-fast-and-furious-the-united-states-house-committee-on-oversight-and-government-reform-cites-the-attorney-general-eric-holder-for.md) _Context: Eric Holder, United States Attorney General_
5. [Republican U.S. Representative Darrell Issa calls for Attorney General Eric Holder to resign over lack of progress in prosecuting Julian Assange, and plans are announced of holding a congressional inquiry into Wikileaks and Assange. ](/news/2011/01/3/republican-u-s-representative-darrell-issa-calls-for-attorney-general-eric-holder-to-resign-over-lack-of-progress-in-prosecuting-julian-ass.md) _Context: Eric Holder, United States Attorney General_
6. [ The United States Senate confirms Eric Holder as Attorney General. ](/news/2009/02/2/the-united-states-senate-confirms-eric-holder-as-attorney-general.md) _Context: Eric Holder, United States Attorney General_
7. [United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions, along with Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein and National Intelligence Director Dan Coats visit the Guantanamo Bay Detention Camp. ](/news/2017/07/7/united-states-attorney-general-jeff-sessions-along-with-deputy-attorney-general-rod-rosenstein-and-national-intelligence-director-dan-coats.md) _Context: United States Attorney General_
8. [2017 dismissal of U.S. attorneys: United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions requests the resignations of 46 Barack Obama-era chief federal prosecutors, including United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York Preet Bharara, who was previously told to stay on by then President-elect Donald Trump in November. ](/news/2017/03/10/2017-dismissal-of-u-s-attorneys-united-states-attorney-general-jeff-sessions-requests-the-resignations-of-46-barack-obama-era-chief-federa.md) _Context: United States Attorney General_
9. [Cabinet of Donald Trump: The United States Senate, in a 52 to 47 vote, confirms the nomination of Jeff Sessions as United States Attorney General. ](/news/2017/02/8/cabinet-of-donald-trump-the-united-states-senate-in-a-52-to-47-vote-confirms-the-nomination-of-jeff-sessions-as-united-states-attorney-ge.md) _Context: United States Attorney General_
10. [The Obama Administration and Bush Administration had failed to publicly disclose up to thousands of lethal airstrikes the U.S. made in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria against ISIL, Al-Qaeda, and the Taliban via U.S. Army helicopters and drones. ](/news/2017/02/5/the-obama-administration-and-bush-administration-had-failed-to-publicly-disclose-up-to-thousands-of-lethal-airstrikes-the-u-s-made-in-afgha.md) _Context: Obama Administration_
