### [2013-05-13](/news/2013/05/13/index.md)

# The U.S. Department of Treasury may probe why Bloomberg News reporters were monitoring how investment bank employees searched their site for financial information, including U.S. Chairman of the Federal Reserve Ben Bernanke and Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner. 

Reporters at Bloomberg News were told to use the terminals to get an edge in the competitive world of financial journalism, more than half a dozen former employees said.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-22508473)
2. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2013/05/13/business/media/bloomberg-admits-terminal-snooping.html?pagewanted=all&_r=0)
2. [Cover Image](https://static01.nyt.com/images/2013/05/13/business/sub-jp-bloomberg/sub-jp-bloomberg-videoLarge.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Ben Bernanke, the Chairman of the United States Federal Reserve, gives a keynote address at a central banks conference at the US resort of Jackson Hole, Wyoming as statistics show that the US economy grew by 1%. ](/news/2011/08/26/ben-bernanke-the-chairman-of-the-united-states-federal-reserve-gives-a-keynote-address-at-a-central-banks-conference-at-the-us-resort-of-j.md) _Context: Ben Bernanke, Chairman of the Federal Reserve_
2. [In an unprecedented question and answer meeting with reporters, the U.S. Federal Reserve chairman Ben Bernanke expects less economic growth for 2011 as the economy has been weaker in recent months than he had thought it would be. ](/news/2011/04/27/in-an-unprecedented-question-and-answer-meeting-with-reporters-the-u-s-federal-reserve-chairman-ben-bernanke-expects-less-economic-growth.md) _Context: Ben Bernanke, Chairman of the Federal Reserve_
3. [A spokesman for U.S. President Barack Obama expresses the administration's support for a second term for the incumbent Chairman of the Federal Reserve, Ben Bernanke, and says lawmakers would send a bad message by "playing politics in any way" with Bernanke's confirmation. ](/news/2010/01/24/a-spokesman-for-u-s-president-barack-obama-expresses-the-administration-s-support-for-a-second-term-for-the-incumbent-chairman-of-the-feder.md) _Context: Ben Bernanke, Chairman of the Federal Reserve_
4. [ U.S. President Barack Obama nominates Ben Bernanke for his second term as chairman of the Federal Reserve. ](/news/2009/08/25/u-s-president-barack-obama-nominates-ben-bernanke-for-his-second-term-as-chairman-of-the-federal-reserve.md) _Context: Ben Bernanke, Chairman of the Federal Reserve_
5. [ Federal Reserve System Chairman Ben Bernanke caps United States Treasury Department yields. ](/news/2009/03/18/federal-reserve-system-chairman-ben-bernanke-caps-united-states-treasury-department-yields.md) _Context: Ben Bernanke, Chairman of the Federal Reserve_
6. [ United States Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke and Philadelphia Fed Bank President Charles Plosser differ publicly on stabilizing the economy. ](/news/2009/01/14/united-states-federal-reserve-chairman-ben-bernanke-and-philadelphia-fed-bank-president-charles-plosser-differ-publicly-on-stabilizing-the.md) _Context: Ben Bernanke, Chairman of the Federal Reserve_
7. [The Trump White House bars "The New York Times", CNN, the "Los Angeles Times", the "New York Daily News", "The Hill", the "Daily Mail", BBC, Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as Breitbart News, One America News Network, and "The Washington Times". Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News, "The Wall Street Journal", Bloomberg News, and Fox News. "Time" magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-mail-bbc.md) _Context: Bloomberg News_
8. [Bloomberg News reports Verizon Communications plans a bid for Yahoo Inc.'s Web business, including Yahoo Japan Corp., next week. Google, Time Inc., and private equity funds Bain and TPG are considering bidding for Yahoo's core business. AT&T Inc., Comcast, and Microsoft Corp. reportedly aren't interested. ](/news/2016/04/7/bloomberg-news-reports-verizon-communications-plans-a-bid-for-yahoo-inc-as-web-business-including-yahoo-japan-corp-next-week-google-t.md) _Context: Bloomberg News_
9. [Bloomberg News reports that Comcast will walk away from its $45 billion takeover for Time Warner Cable. ](/news/2015/04/23/bloomberg-news-reports-that-comcast-will-walk-away-from-its-45-billion-takeover-for-time-warner-cable.md) _Context: Bloomberg News_
10. [Jack Lew, the U.S. Treasury Secretary, speaks to Wang Yang, vice premier of the People's Republic of China, and expresses U.S. approval of China's new, wider, daily trading band for its renminbi. ](/news/2014/03/15/jack-lew-the-u-s-treasury-secretary-speaks-to-wang-yang-vice-premier-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-and-expresses-u-s-approval-of-c.md) _Context: Treasury Secretary_
