### [2015-04-21](/news/2015/04/21/index.md)

# Three people have died in floods in the Australian town of Dungog, New South Wales as heavy rains and cyclonic winds hits the state of New South Wales causing widespread flooding, loss of power to over 100,000 homes and disruption of transport services. 

Three people are killed in wild weather in NSW&#039;s Central Hunter region, where homes have been washed off their footings in the town of Dungog, north of Newcastle.


### Source:

1. [ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-04-21/three-killed-in-dungog-as-cyclonic-weather-batters-nsw/6407836)

### Related:

1. [The search continues for three missing people in the Australian states of New South Wales and Tasmania. Four deaths have so far been confirmed in the Australian Capital Territory, Tasmania and NSW. ](/news/2016/06/7/the-search-continues-for-three-missing-people-in-the-australian-states-of-new-south-wales-and-tasmania-four-deaths-have-so-far-been-confirm.md) _Context: Australian east coast low, New South Wales_
2. [Three bodies have been discovered in flood waters: two in the state of New South Wales and one in the Australian Capital Territory. Two people are missing in Tasmania. ](/news/2016/06/6/three-bodies-have-been-discovered-in-flood-waters-two-in-the-state-of-new-south-wales-and-one-in-the-australian-capital-territory-two-peop.md) _Context: Australian east coast low, New South Wales_
3. [  New South Wales facing evacuations and a rising flood threat as heavy rain and high winds hit Sydney and Newcastle. Parts of Victoria and Tasmania are braced for wild weather. ](/news/2016/06/5/new-south-wales-facing-evacuations-and-a-rising-flood-threat-as-heavy-rain-and-high-winds-hit-sydney-and-newcastle-parts-of-victoria-and.md) _Context: Australian east coast low, New South Wales_
4. [The storm in Australia's New South Wales is declared a "catastrophe" with four  deaths, heavy flooding and disruption of transport to the state's largest cities Sydney and Newcastle. ](/news/2015/04/22/the-storm-in-australia-s-new-south-wales-is-declared-a-catastrophe-with-four-deaths-heavy-flooding-and-disruption-of-transport-to-the-st.md) _Context: Australian east coast low, New South Wales_
5. [Two people are missing in the Hunter Region of New South Wales as an Australian east coast low causes widespread flooding, gale force winds and the loss of power to 140,000 properties. ](/news/2015/04/20/two-people-are-missing-in-the-hunter-region-of-new-south-wales-as-an-australian-east-coast-low-causes-widespread-flooding-gale-force-winds.md) _Context: Australian east coast low, New South Wales_
6. [The death toll from Cyclone Debbie and the associated flooding in the Australian states of New South Wales and Queensland rises to five people. ](/news/2017/04/2/the-death-toll-from-cyclone-debbie-and-the-associated-flooding-in-the-australian-states-of-new-south-wales-and-queensland-rises-to-five-peop.md) _Context: New South Wales_
7. [Consequences of heavy rain from Cyclone Debbie kill at least three people and force 20,000 others to leave their homes in New South Wales and Queensland. ](/news/2017/04/1/consequences-of-heavy-rain-from-cyclone-debbie-kill-at-least-three-people-and-force-20-000-others-to-leave-their-homes-in-new-south-wales-an.md) _Context: New South Wales_
8. [Authorities find a woman's body near the town of Murwillumbah, New South Wales, bringing the number of confirmed storm fatalities to at least two people. There are fears that more people could be missing in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales. ](/news/2017/03/31/authorities-find-a-woman-s-body-near-the-town-of-murwillumbah-new-south-wales-bringing-the-number-of-confirmed-storm-fatalities-to-at-leas.md) _Context: New South Wales_
9. [Authorities of New South Wales issue a State Emergency Service for the towns of Murwillumbah and Lismore, and at least 12 flood rescues are underway as former Cyclone Debbie moves south from north Queensland. ](/news/2017/03/30/authorities-of-new-south-wales-issue-a-state-emergency-service-for-the-towns-of-murwillumbah-and-lismore-and-at-least-12-flood-rescues-are.md) _Context: New South Wales_
10. [The New South Wales Rural Fire Service issues an emergency warning for a bush fire located to the east of Dunedoo in New South Wales, Australia. The warning comes amidst "unprecedented" fire conditions across the region, deemed to be worse than the conditions precipitating the 2009 Black Saturday bushfires in Victoria. ](/news/2017/02/12/the-new-south-wales-rural-fire-service-issues-an-emergency-warning-for-a-bush-fire-located-to-the-east-of-dunedoo-in-new-south-wales-austra.md) _Context: New South Wales_
