### [2011-10-26](/news/2011/10/26/index.md)

# Tsuyoshi Kikukawa resigns as the President and Chairman of Olympus Corporation, as financial and law enforcement bodies in Japan, the United States and the United Kingdom investigate the optical equipment company's acquisitions in recent years. 




### Source:

1. [Wall Street Journal](http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424052970203554104576654434277415242.html)

### Related:

1. [Tsuyoshi Kikukawa, the former President of Japan's Olympus Corporation, pleads guilty to fraud for his role in the Olympus scandal. ](/news/2012/09/25/tsuyoshi-kikukawa-the-former-president-of-japan-s-olympus-corporation-pleads-guilty-to-fraud-for-his-role-in-the-olympus-scandal.md) _Context: Japan, Olympus Corp, Tsuyoshi Kikukawa_
2. [ Live Earth gets underway with concerts in Australia, the United States, Germany, South Africa, the United Kingdom, Brazil, Japan and China. ](/news/2007/07/7/live-earth-gets-underway-with-concerts-in-australia-the-united-states-germany-south-africa-the-united-kingdom-brazil-japan-and-china.md) _Context: Britain, Japan, United States_
3. [ Japan holds an international conference to push for the resumption of commercial whaling. Anti-whaling nations in the International Whaling Commission such as the United States, United Kingdom and Australia have boycotted the conference. ](/news/2007/02/13/japan-holds-an-international-conference-to-push-for-the-resumption-of-commercial-whaling-anti-whaling-nations-in-the-international-whaling.md) _Context: Britain, Japan, United States_
4. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. 2017 North Korean missile tests. North Korea launches an intercontinental ballistic missile that flies 620 miles horizontally in about 45 minutes, landing in the Sea of Japan, according to Japan, South Korea and the United States. ](/news/2017/07/28/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-2017-north-korean-missile-tests-north-korea-launches-an-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-tha.md) _Context: Japan, United States_
5. [Human rights in China. Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/human-rights-in-china-nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-chart.md) _Context: Britain, United States_
6. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-east.md) _Context: Japan, United States_
7. [American consumer goods company Post Holdings agrees to acquire British cereal maker Weetabix Limited from China's Bright Food for $1.8 billion. ](/news/2017/04/18/american-consumer-goods-company-post-holdings-agrees-to-acquire-british-cereal-maker-weetabix-limited-from-china-s-bright-food-for-1-8-bill.md) _Context: Britain, United States_
8. [Syrian Civil War. Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/syrian-civil-war-russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-u.md) _Context: Britain, United States_
9. [Yemeni Crisis. The United States and the United Kingdom call for, "within hours," an immediate and unconditional ceasefire in Yemen to end the violence following last week's Saudi airstrikes, based on bad information, that killed around 140 people. ](/news/2016/10/16/yemeni-crisis-the-united-states-and-the-united-kingdom-call-for-within-hours-an-immediate-and-unconditional-ceasefire-in-yemen-to-end-t.md) _Context: Britain, United States_
10. [Syrian Civil War. The United States, United Kingdom, and France seek a meeting of the United Nations Security Council to discuss the declining security situation in Aleppo. ](/news/2016/09/25/syrian-civil-war-the-united-states-united-kingdom-and-france-seek-a-meeting-of-the-united-nations-security-council-to-discuss-the-declini.md) _Context: Britain, United States_
