### [2016-08-3](/news/2016/08/3/index.md)

# North Korea launches two ballistic missiles, one of which explodes immediately after its launch while the main part of the other lands in Japan's economic exclusion zone. 

min Park and James Pearson


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-northkorea-missile-idUSKCN10D2Q8)
1. [Cover Image](http://s3.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20160803&t=2&i=1148101278&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXNPEC72047)

### Related:

1. [North Korea test-launches what is presumed to be its first intercontinental ballistic missile 933 kilometers into the Sea of Japan within Japan's Exclusive Economic Zone. An American expert theorizes the ICBM, which reached an altitude of 2,802 km, could potentially reach the U.S. state of Alaska. ](/news/2017/07/4/north-korea-test-launches-what-is-presumed-to-be-its-first-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-933-kilometers-into-the-sea-of-japan-within-ja.md) _Context: Exclusive Economic Zone, Japan, North Korea, its nuclear weapons program_
2. [North Korea launches a Short-Range Ballistic missile near Wonsan towards the Sea of Japan, according to South Korea. The missile reportedly lands in Japan's exclusive economic zone (EEZ) after traveling 450 km. ](/news/2017/05/29/north-korea-launches-a-short-range-ballistic-missile-near-wansan-towards-the-sea-of-japan-according-to-south-korea-the-missile-reportedly.md) _Context: Exclusive Economic Zone, Japan, North Korea, its nuclear weapons program_
3. [South Korea has determined North Korea is capable of mounting a nuclear warhead on its medium-range Rodong-1 ballistic missile, which could reach all of South Korea and most of Japan, according to a senior government official. ](/news/2016/04/5/south-korea-has-determined-north-korea-is-capable-of-mounting-a-nuclear-warhead-on-its-medium-range-rodong-1-ballistic-missile-which-could.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea, ballistic missile, its nuclear weapons program_
4. [North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-eastern-waters-in-the-direction-of-japan-accordi.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea, its nuclear weapons program_
5. [The United States Defense Department reports its Strategic Command systems detected a failed North Korean ballistic missile launch near the city of Kusong in North Pyongan Province. ](/news/2016/10/15/the-united-states-defense-department-reports-its-strategic-command-systems-detected-a-failed-north-korean-ballistic-missile-launch-near-the.md) _Context: North Korea, ballistic missile, its nuclear weapons program_
6. [Japan orders its military to shoot down any North Korean missiles that threaten to strike Japan at anytime, and is placing its forces on a state of alert for at least three months, according to a Ministry of Defense official. ](/news/2016/08/8/japan-orders-its-military-to-shoot-down-any-north-korean-missiles-that-threaten-to-strike-japan-at-anytime-and-is-placing-its-forces-on-a-s.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea, its nuclear weapons program_
7. [South Korea claims that North Korea has fired a ballistic missile from a submarine. ](/news/2016/07/9/south-korea-claims-that-north-korea-has-fired-a-ballistic-missile-from-a-submarine.md) _Context: North Korea, ballistic missile, its nuclear weapons program_
8. [North Korea attempts again to launch a BM25 Musudan intermediate-range ballistic missile capable of striking South Korea or Japan but is unsuccessful. ](/news/2016/05/31/north-korea-attempts-again-to-launch-a-bm25-musudan-intermediate-range-ballistic-missile-capable-of-striking-south-korea-or-japan-but-is-uns.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea, its nuclear weapons program_
9. [Amid growing concern about North Korea's ballistic missile capability, South Korea, Japan and the U.S. are to hold their first ever joint anti-missile exercise next month, according to South Korea's Ministry of National Defense. The three countries will practice "detecting and tracing a hypothetical North Korean missile," said a ministry official. ](/news/2016/05/17/amid-growing-concern-about-north-korea-s-ballistic-missile-capability-south-korea-japan-and-the-u-s-are-to-hold-their-first-ever-joint-an.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea, its nuclear weapons program_
10. [North Korea deploys one or two intermediate-range ballistic missiles on its east coast, possibly preparing for launch on or around Friday, the anniversary of the birth of the country's founder Kim Il-sung, according to South Korea's Yonhap news agency. ](/news/2016/04/14/north-korea-deploys-one-or-two-intermediate-range-ballistic-missiles-on-its-east-coast-possibly-preparing-for-launch-on-or-around-friday-t.md) _Context: North Korea, ballistic missile, its nuclear weapons program_
