### [2016-08-3](/news/2016/08/3/index.md)

# The United States Supreme Court grants  a Virginia school board's emergency request to stop implementation of the federal government policy that calls for student use of the bathroom consistent with their gender identity in order to allow the board to appeal the  Fourth Circuit Court ruling that upheld this policy. 

The Supreme Court temporarily blocked a Virginia transgender student from using the boys’ bathroom at his high school, giving local officials time to file a full appeal of a lower court ruling that sided with the high-school junior.


### Source:

1. [Los Angeles Times](http://www.latimes.com/nation/la-na-court-transgender-students-20160802-snap-story.html)
2. [Metro Weekly](http://www.metroweekly.com/2016/07/gavin-grimm-lawyers-supreme-court-not-intervene/)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-court-transgender-idUSKCN10E2KS)
4. [The Wall Street Journal](http://www.wsj.com/articles/supreme-court-blocks-virginia-transgender-student-from-boys-restroom-1470257508)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. Supreme Court rules that the North Carolina state legislative members do not have standing to request an appeal of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit ruling against a law which it found discriminated against black voters. ](/news/2017/05/15/the-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-the-north-carolina-state-legislative-members-do-not-have-standing-to-request-an-appeal-of-the-u-s-court-o.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit, United States Supreme Court_
2. [ The U.S. Supreme Court rules that a lawsuit challenging Maryland's congressional redistricting plan following the 2010 Census on grounds of unconstitutional gerrymandering may proceed. The suit, which alleges that congressional district boundaries were changed to make it easier for Democrats to win in seven of the state's eight districts, had been rejected by both district and circuit courts due to lack of standing. ](/news/2015/12/8/the-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-a-lawsuit-challenging-maryland-s-congressional-redistricting-plan-following-the-2010-census-on-grounds-of.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit, United States Supreme Court_
3. [ Virginia Governor Mark R. Warner grants clemency in the case of convicted murderer Robin Lovitt. It was about 24 hours before Lovitt was scheduled to be executed. Evidence against Lovitt had been illegally destroyed after his trial by a court clerk, preventing DNA testing that may have cleared him of the crime. Lovitt's execution was to be the 1,000th execution in the United States since the Supreme Court reinstated the death penalty in 1976. ](/news/2005/11/29/virginia-governor-mark-r-warner-grants-clemency-in-the-case-of-convicted-murderer-robin-lovitt-it-was-about-24-hours-before-lovitt-was-sc.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court, Virginia_
4. [The United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit refuses to reinstate Executive Order 13780 on the basis of religious discrimination, upholding the District Court for Maryland's March 7 ruling. ](/news/2017/05/25/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-fourth-circuit-refuses-to-reinstate-executive-order-13780-on-the-basis-of-religious-discriminatio.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit_
5. [''Wikimedia Foundation v. NSA''The United States Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals rules that Wikimedia Foundation has the legal right to challenge the National Security Agency Upstream program of mass online surveillance. This decision reinstates the suit that had been dismissed by a Federal district judge in Baltimore, Maryland. Eight other organizations, including Amnesty International USA and the Global Fund for Women, are also plaintiffs in this case. ](/news/2017/05/23/wikimedia-foundation-v-nsa-pthe-united-states-fourth-circuit-court-of-appeals-rules-that-wikimedia-foundation-has-the-legal-right-to-cha.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit_
6. [The United States Supreme Court rejects two of North Carolina's congressional districts because they violated the Constitution by relying  too heavily on race in drawing them. ](/news/2017/05/22/the-united-states-supreme-court-rejects-two-of-north-carolina-s-congressional-districts-because-they-violated-the-constitution-by-relying-t.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
7. [Neil Gorsuch is confirmed as the 113th justice of the Supreme Court of the United States by a 54-45 vote in the United States Senate after invocation of the "nuclear option". ](/news/2017/04/7/neil-gorsuch-is-confirmed-as-the-113th-justice-of-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-by-a-54a45-vote-in-the-united-states-senate-after.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
8. [The Supreme Court of the United States refuses to vacate a stay of execution issued by the Arkansas Supreme Court. Arkansas's highest court has also put on hold the execution of another inmate, Bruce Ward. The state had planned to execute eight inmates in eleven days. That schedule, as well as the use of the drug midazolam, sparked a broad range of legal challenges and humanitarian concerns about the executions. Today's planned execution of Don W. Davis would have been the state's first since 2005. ](/news/2017/04/18/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-refuses-to-vacate-a-stay-of-execution-issued-by-the-arkansas-supreme-court-arkansas-s-highest-court.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
9. [U.S. President Donald Trump's lawyers tell a federal court, in a case alleging negligence and incitement to riot during a 2016 campaign rally in Louisville, Kentucky, that he is "immune from suit because he is President of the United States." A lawyer for the plaintiffs responds that, in ''Clinton v. Jones'', the Supreme Court found the president could be sued for events that occurred before he took office. ](/news/2017/04/15/u-s-president-donald-trump-s-lawyers-tell-a-federal-court-in-a-case-alleging-negligence-and-incitement-to-riot-during-a-2016-campaign-rall.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
10. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
