### [2016-08-3](/news/2016/08/3/index.md)

# The search continues for survivors of a bridge collapse on the Mumbai-Goa highway over the flooded Savitri River in western India. Twenty two people and two buses are believed to be missing. 

A British-era bridge across the Savitri River on the Mumbai-Goa highway collapsed late on Tuesday night, bringing traffic to a halt on the stretch. Around 20 people are believed to me missing. Two Mumbai-bound buses are among the dozen or so vehicles that are believed to have fallen into the flooded river.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/asia_pacific/highway-bridge-collapses-in-western-india-casualties-feared/2016/08/02/98c85ab2-5923-11e6-8b48-0cb344221131_story.html)
2. [Times of India](http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/Maharashtra-bridge-collapse-22-missing-Savitri-River-rescue-operations-underway/articleshow/53516755.cms?)

### Related:

1. [Flooding in Gujarat, Western India, kills at least 213 people with the death toll expected to rise as receding flood waters reveal additional victims. Chief Minister of Gujarat Vijay Rupani says heavy rain had triggered "the worst flood of the century" in the state. ](/news/2017/07/31/flooding-in-gujarat-western-india-kills-at-least-213-people-with-the-death-toll-expected-to-rise-as-receding-flood-waters-reveal-additiona.md) _Context: Western India_
2. [At least 17 people are killed in a building collapse in the Indian city of Mumbai with at least 13 injured and twelve people unaccounted for. ](/news/2017/07/26/at-least-17-people-are-killed-in-a-building-collapse-in-the-indian-city-of-mumbai-with-at-least-13-injured-and-twelve-people-unaccounted-for.md) _Context: Mumbai_
3. [A court in the Indian city of Mumbai convicts and sentences Ankur Panwar to the death penalty for a fatal acid-throwing attack. ](/news/2016/09/8/a-court-in-the-indian-city-of-mumbai-convicts-and-sentences-ankur-panwar-to-the-death-penalty-for-a-fatal-acid-throwing-attack.md) _Context: Mumbai_
4. [A three-storey building collapses in the Indian city of Mumbai, resulting in six deaths and trapping many others. ](/news/2016/04/30/a-three-storey-building-collapses-in-the-indian-city-of-mumbai-resulting-in-six-deaths-and-trapping-many-others.md) _Context: Mumbai_
5. [Indian women's rights activists are barred by angry villagers and local authorities from entering Shani Shingnapur temple despite a court ruling guaranteeing access. Breaking with a centuries-old tradition, the high court in Mumbai ruled women have a fundamental right to enter Hindu temples across the state of Maharashtra, and the government has the responsibility to protect their rights. Bhumata Ranragini Brigade leader Trupti Desai and 25 other supporters were detained by police. All India Mahila Congress President Shobha Oza and Delhi Commission for Women chairwoman Swati Maliwal called the actions of locals and authorities "completely shameful." ](/news/2016/04/2/indian-women-s-rights-activists-are-barred-by-angry-villagers-and-local-authorities-from-entering-shani-shingnapur-temple-despite-a-court-ru.md) _Context: Mumbai_
6. [ A massive fire occurs in a textile factory in the Mumbai suburb of Bhiwandi in India's Maharashtra state. Fifty people are feared trapped. ](/news/2016/04/12/a-massive-fire-occurs-in-a-textile-factory-in-the-mumbai-suburb-of-bhiwandi-in-india-s-maharashtra-state-fifty-people-are-feared-trapped.md) _Context: Mumbai_
7. [A blaze, sparked by a quick succession of between 15 and 20 gas cylinder explosions, in the Kandivali suburb of Mumbai, India, kills at least two and injures 11 while destroying around 1,000 hutment homes. ](/news/2015/12/7/a-blaze-sparked-by-a-quick-succession-of-between-15-and-20-gas-cylinder-explosions-in-the-kandivali-suburb-of-mumbai-india-kills-at-leas.md) _Context: Mumbai_
8. [An Air India aircraft maintenance technician is killed at Mumbai's Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport in India after being sucked by an Air India Airbus A319's aircraft engine during pushback. ](/news/2015/12/16/an-air-india-aircraft-maintenance-technician-is-killed-at-mumbai-s-chhatrapati-shivaji-international-airport-in-india-after-being-sucked-by.md) _Context: Mumbai_
9. [An Indian court sentences five suspected Islamic militants to death and seven others to life imprisonment for bombing attacks nine years ago on seven Mumbai commuter trains that killed 188 people and wounded more than 800. ](/news/2015/09/30/an-indian-court-sentences-five-suspected-islamic-militants-to-death-and-seven-others-to-life-imprisonment-for-bombing-attacks-nine-years-ago.md) _Context: Mumbai_
10. [Two express passenger trains (12 coaches of the Kamayani Express; to Varanasi from Mumbai, or Bombay) derail, after being partially swept off a bridge while crossing flooded tracks in India's Madhya Pradesh state leaving at least 31 people killed and about 100 others injured. Related to this incident are monsoon rains and the end of a cyclone which have killed more than 100 people in India. ](/news/2015/08/4/two-express-passenger-trains-12-coaches-of-the-kamayani-express-to-varanasi-from-mumbai-or-bombay-derail-after-being-partially-swept-of.md) _Context: Mumbai_
