### [2014-12-21](/news/2014/12/21/index.md)

# Due to avian influenza in the United States (Oregon), South Korea suspends US imports of poultry. 

South Korea has suspended imports of US poultry and poultry products because of an outbreak of bird flu in the United States, the agriculture ministry said in a statement on Sunday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters via Times of India](http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/business/international-business/South-Korea-halts-US-poultry-imports-due-to-bird-flu-in-US/articleshow/45592630.cms)

### Related:

1. [United States immigration ban: The state of Washington, joined by the states of California, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, and Oregon, asks a federal judge to stop, on constitutional grounds, the revised federal immigration/refugee rules from taking effect on Thursday, March 16. The state of Hawaii has filed a separate, similar request. ](/news/2017/03/13/united-states-immigration-ban-the-state-of-washington-joined-by-the-states-of-california-maryland-massachusetts-new-york-and-oregon-a.md) _Context: Oregon_
2. [2016 influenza A virus subtype H5N8 outbreak: Avian flu virus H5N8 outbreaks are reported in birds in India, Germany, Finland, Ireland, the Netherlands, and several other European nations. The World Health Organization advised on 17 November that human infection is possible, but unlikely, based on information available. ](/news/2016/11/26/2016-influenza-a-virus-subtype-h5n8-outbreak-avian-flu-virus-h5n8-outbreaks-are-reported-in-birds-in-india-germany-finland-ireland-the.md) _Context: Avian flu virus_
3. [United States presidential election, 2016: Voters in the American state of Oregon have their mail-in ballots counted for a Democratic Party and Republican Party primary. Donald Trump is the projected winner on the Republican winner while Bernie Sanders is projected to win the Democratic Party race. ](/news/2016/05/17/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-american-state-of-oregon-have-their-mail-in-ballots-counted-for-a-democratic-party.md) _Context: Oregon_
4. [United States presidential election, 2016: The presidential campaigns of Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Governor of Ohio John Kasich announce they will now coordinate strategies to stop fellow Republican Donald Trump from becoming the party's nominee. Cruz's campaign will cut campaigning in Oregon and New Mexico to help Kasich, while the Kasich campaign will give Cruz a "clear path" in Indiana. ](/news/2016/04/25/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-presidential-campaigns-of-texas-senator-ted-cruz-and-governor-of-ohio-john-kasich-announce-th.md) _Context: Oregon_
5. [Occupation of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge: U.S. federal authorities arrest militia leader Ammon Bundy and several of his followers following an exchange of gunfire at a traffic stop on U.S. Route 395 in Harney County, Oregon. One person, LaVoy Finicum, a rancher from Arizona and spokesman for the militia, was killed in the shootout. ](/news/2016/01/26/occupation-of-the-malheur-national-wildlife-refuge-u-s-federal-authorities-arrest-militia-leader-ammon-bundy-and-several-of-his-followers.md) _Context: Oregon_
6. [Mexican authorities arrest American Paul Erven Jackson for kidnapping and torturing two women in Oregon after more than 24 years on the run. ](/news/2015/09/30/mexican-authorities-arrest-american-paul-erven-jackson-for-kidnapping-and-torturing-two-women-in-oregon-after-more-than-24-years-on-the-run.md) _Context: Oregon_
7. [A new strain of bird flu caused by the H5N8 virus is identified in a backyard poultry flock in Whitley County, Indiana, in the United States. ](/news/2015/05/11/a-new-strain-of-bird-flu-caused-by-the-h5n8-virus-is-identified-in-a-backyard-poultry-flock-in-whitley-county-indiana-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: Avian flu virus_
8. [San Mateo County, California prosecuters charge an Oregon inmate, Rodney Halbower (who was already serving a 30-year sentence for an attempted murder), with two of the murders from the six 1976 Gypsy Hill killings. ](/news/2015/01/23/san-mateo-county-california-prosecuters-charge-an-oregon-inmate-rodney-halbower-who-was-already-serving-a-30-year-sentence-for-an-attempt.md) _Context: Oregon_
9. [Same-sex marriage in Oregon becomes legal as a U.S. federal district court judge rules that the state's ban on such marriages violates equal protection rights under the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution.](/news/2014/05/19/same-sex-marriage-in-oregon-becomes-legal-as-a-u-s-federal-district-court-judge-rules-that-the-state-s-ban-on-such-marriages-violates-equal.md) _Context: Oregon_
10. [A 17-year-old American boy, Grant Acord, is arrested and charged with attempted aggravated murder for planning to blow up his school, West Albany High School, in Albany, Oregon. Six explosives were found in his bedroom. ](/news/2013/05/26/a-17-year-old-american-boy-grant-acord-is-arrested-and-charged-with-attempted-aggravated-murder-for-planning-to-blow-up-his-school-west-a.md) _Context: Oregon_
