### [2008-03-20](/news/2008/03/20/index.md)

#  The Vice-President of the United States Dick Cheney makes an unannounced visit to Afghanistan to hold discussions with the President of Afghanistan. 

U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney visited Afghanistan on Thursday and met President Hamid Karzai ahead of a NATO summit where Washington will urge its allies to send more troops to the country.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/topNews/idUSSP28376520080320?feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews)
1. [Cover Image](http://s1.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20080320&t=2&i=3593453&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=2008-03-20T101935Z_01_SP283765_RTRUKOP_0_PICTURE0)

### Related:

1. [ Vice President of the United States Dick Cheney makes surprise visits to Pakistan and Afghanistan to encourage President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf and President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai to increase border security between the two countries and to take further action against the Taliban and al-Qaeda. ](/news/2007/02/26/vice-president-of-the-united-states-dick-cheney-makes-surprise-visits-to-pakistan-and-afghanistan-to-encourage-president-of-pakistan-pervez.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Afghanistan President, Dick Cheney, U.S. Vice President_
2. [ U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney is on a trip to various countries including Oman, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Egypt and Saudi Arabia. He made a surprise stop to Iraq today. [http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20051218/ap_on_re_mi_ea/cheney_iraq (Yahoo! News)] (Link dead as of 22:48, 14 January 2007 (UTC)), [http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/L18757872.htm (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 22:48, 14 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/12/18/u-s-vice-president-dick-cheney-is-on-a-trip-to-various-countries-including-oman-afghanistan-pakistan-egypt-and-saudi-arabia-he-made-a.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Dick Cheney, U.S. Vice President_
3. [Attorney general Mohammad Ishaq Aloko is fired by Afghan President Hamid Karzai, over an unsanctioned meeting with Taliban peace negotiators in the United Arab Emirates. ](/news/2013/08/19/attorney-general-mohammad-ishaq-aloko-is-fired-by-afghan-president-hamid-karzai-over-an-unsanctioned-meeting-with-taliban-peace-negotiators.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Afghanistan President_
4. [Afghanistan President Hamid Karzai denounces the reported death of eleven children at the hands of NATO forces in Kunar Province and orders a government inquiry into the killings. ](/news/2013/04/8/afghanistan-president-hamid-karzai-denounces-the-reported-death-of-eleven-children-at-the-hands-of-nato-forces-in-kunar-province-and-orders.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Afghanistan President_
5. [President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai meets with Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani, the Emir of Qatar, to discuss plans for the Taliban to open an office in Doha in order to help solve the conflict in Afghanistan. ](/news/2013/03/31/president-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-meets-with-sheikh-hamad-bin-khalifa-al-thani-the-emir-of-qatar-to-discuss-plans-for-the-taliban-to-o.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Afghanistan President_
6. [President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai alleges that the U.S. armed forces are collaborating in some way with the Afghan Taliban in an effort to ensure that some troops remain after the scheduled 2014 pullout. ](/news/2013/03/10/president-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-alleges-that-the-u-s-armed-forces-are-collaborating-in-some-way-with-the-afghan-taliban-in-an-effort.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Afghanistan President_
7. [U.S. General John R. Allen, the head of the International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan, sacks Maj. Gen. Peter Fuller for making inappropriate comments about Afghan President Hamid Karzai and his government. ](/news/2011/11/4/u-s-general-john-r-allen-the-head-of-the-international-security-assistance-force-in-afghanistan-sacks-maj-gen-peter-fuller-for-making.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Afghanistan President_
8. [President of France Nicolas Sarkozy visits Afghanistan to meet with the President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai and commander of the International Security Assistance Force David Petraeus before visiting French troops stationed in Surobi. ](/news/2011/07/12/president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-visits-afghanistan-to-meet-with-the-president-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-and-commander-of-the-internati.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Afghanistan President_
9. [Robert Gates, the United States Secretary of Defense, arrives in Afghanistan to meet with the President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai. ](/news/2011/03/7/robert-gates-the-united-states-secretary-of-defense-arrives-in-afghanistan-to-meet-with-the-president-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Afghanistan President_
10. [Hamid Karzai, the President of Afghanistan, warns General David Petraeus the head of United States and NATO forces in Afghanistan that civilian casualties in the Afghanistan war and rejects an apology for the mistaken killings of nine boys in a NATO air attack. ](/news/2011/03/6/hamid-karzai-the-president-of-afghanistan-warns-general-david-petraeus-the-head-of-united-states-and-nato-forces-in-afghanistan-that-civil.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Afghanistan President_
