### [2011-09-8](/news/2011/09/8/index.md)

# 2011 Northeastern United States floods following Tropical Storm Lee:: The National Weather Service issues flash flooding warnings for the states of New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Connecticut, Maryland and Virginia. 

* Region earlier socked by flooding from Hurricane Irene * Remnants of Tropical Storm Lee dump torrents of rain * Railways, commuter highw


### Source:

1. [AFP via ''Sydney Morning Herald](http://news.smh.com.au/breaking-news-world/mass-evacuation-as-floods-hit-us-northeast-20110909-1k0aq.html)
2. [FOX Philly](http://www.myfoxphilly.com/dpp/weather/Lees_Remnants_Flash_Flooding_Closes_Schuylkill_Expressway_090811)
3. [Los Angeles Times'' via ''Bellingham Herald](http://www.bellinghamherald.com/2011/09/08/2176018/heavy-rains-cause-flooding-evacuations.html)
4. [Patriot-News](http://www.pennlive.com/midstate/index.ssf/2011/09/evacuation_of_pa_governors_res.html)
5. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/09/08/usa-flooding-idUSN1E78719D20110908)
6. [The Times Leader](http://www.timesleader.com/news/Mandatory-Evacuation-of-Wyoming-Valley.html)
7. [WGAL](http://www.wgal.com/news/29113067/detail.html)

### Related:

1. [A winter storm hits the Northeastern United States, resulting in at least two deaths and thousands of flights being disrupted. Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and New York are amongst the worst affected. ](/news/2014/02/3/a-winter-storm-hits-the-northeastern-united-states-resulting-in-at-least-two-deaths-and-thousands-of-flights-being-disrupted-pennsylvania.md) _Context: New Jersey, New York State, Northeastern United States, Pennsylvania_
2. [United States presidential election, 2016: Voters in the U.S. states of Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island head to the polls to vote in Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. ](/news/2016/04/26/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-connecticut-delaware-maryland-pennsylvania-and-rhode-island-head.md) _Context: Connecticut, Maryland, Pennsylvania_
3. [United States Republican presidential primaries, 2012:: Voters in five US states go to the polls, with presumptive Republican nominee Mitt Romney projected to win in New York, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Connecticut and Rhode Island. ](/news/2012/04/24/united-states-republican-presidential-primaries-2012-voters-in-five-us-states-go-to-the-polls-with-presumptive-republican-nominee-mitt-r.md) _Context: Connecticut, New York State, Pennsylvania_
4. [Tropical Storm Lee remnants in the northeastern United States:: Ten thousand people are ordered to evacuate in Broome County in the US state of New York due to flooding of the Chenango River and the Susquehanna River. ](/news/2011/09/7/tropical-storm-lee-remnants-in-the-northeastern-united-states-ten-thousand-people-are-ordered-to-evacuate-in-broome-county-in-the-us-state.md) _Context: New York State, Northeastern United States, Tropical Storm Lee_
5. [ A nor'easter in the northeastern United States causes flooding and disrupts travel in the region. One person is killed in a tornado in North Carolina and two people die in weather-related car accidents in New York and Connecticut. ](/news/2007/04/15/a-nor-easter-in-the-northeastern-united-states-causes-flooding-and-disrupts-travel-in-the-region-one-person-is-killed-in-a-tornado-in-nort.md) _Context: Connecticut, New York State, Northeastern United States_
6. [Shooting of Robert Godwin: The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/shooting-of-robert-godwin-the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-ex.md) _Context: New York State, Pennsylvania_
7. [United States immigration ban: The state of Washington, joined by the states of California, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, and Oregon, asks a federal judge to stop, on constitutional grounds, the revised federal immigration/refugee rules from taking effect on Thursday, March 16. The state of Hawaii has filed a separate, similar request. ](/news/2017/03/13/united-states-immigration-ban-the-state-of-washington-joined-by-the-states-of-california-maryland-massachusetts-new-york-and-oregon-a.md) _Context: Maryland, New York State_
8. [Gun politics in the United States: The U.S. Supreme Court declines to review assault weapons bans in Connecticut and New York, as it did last December concerning Chicago, Illinois, city law. Five other states and Washington, D.C. have similar restrictions. ](/news/2016/06/20/gun-politics-in-the-united-states-the-u-s-supreme-court-declines-to-review-assault-weapons-bans-in-connecticut-and-new-york-as-it-did-las.md) _Context: Connecticut, New York State_
9. [A student, whose disappearance with a gun caused the precautionary closing of Washington College in Maryland (U.S.) this week, is found dead in Pennsylvania of a self-inflicted gunshot wound. The campus will reopen after Thanksgiving. ](/news/2015/11/21/a-student-whose-disappearance-with-a-gun-caused-the-precautionary-closing-of-washington-college-in-maryland-u-s-this-week-is-found-dead.md) _Context: Maryland, Pennsylvania_
10. [A military JLENS blimp from the United States Army broke loose from its moorings at the Aberdeen Proving Ground in Maryland, and drifted over 16,000 ft above Pennsylvania. F-16 Fighter jets were scrambled to track the blimp that has since deflated, causing widespread power outages from a long cable it dragged along the ground. ](/news/2015/10/28/a-military-jlens-blimp-from-the-united-states-army-broke-loose-from-its-moorings-at-the-aberdeen-proving-ground-in-maryland-and-drifted-ove.md) _Context: Maryland, Pennsylvania_
