### [2011-09-8](/news/2011/09/8/index.md)

# United States counterterrorism officials investigate reports of a potential terrorist threat against either New York City or Washington DC, linked to the 10th anniversary of the September 11 attacks on Sunday. 

The Department of Homeland Security said a new report of a threat of a car or truck bomb attack in New York City or Washington was “specific, credible, but unconfirmed.”


### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2011/09/09/us/09threat.html?_r=1&hp)

### Related:

1. [The United States approves more than $4 billion assistance for rescuers and residents whose health was affected after the September 11 attacks in New York City in 2001. ](/news/2010/12/22/the-united-states-approves-more-than-4-billion-assistance-for-rescuers-and-residents-whose-health-was-affected-after-the-september-11-attac.md) _Context: New York's, September 11 attacks, United States_
2. [The United States commemorates the anniversary of the September 11 attacks with events in New York City, the Pentagon Memorial in Washington D.C. and in Shanksville, Pennsylvania, near where United Airlines Flight 93 crashed. ](/news/2010/09/11/the-united-states-commemorates-the-anniversary-of-the-september-11-attacks-with-events-in-new-york-city-the-pentagon-memorial-in-washington.md) _Context: New York's, September 11 attacks, United States_
3. [ September 11, 2001 attacks commemoration The United States commemorates the sixth anniversary of the attacks with ceremonies in New York City, Washington, DC and Shanksville, PA. ](/news/2007/09/11/september-11-2001-attacks-commemorationp-the-united-states-commemorates-the-sixth-anniversary-of-the-attacks-with-ceremonies-in-new-york-c.md) _Context: New York's, United States, Washington DC_
4. [The Police Department of Everett, Washington, identifies and returns the American flag from the September 11 attacks to Ground Zero, the World Trade Center site in New York City. ](/news/2016/09/8/the-police-department-of-everett-washington-identifies-and-returns-the-american-flag-from-the-september-11-attacks-to-ground-zero-the-wor.md) _Context: New York's, September 11 attacks_
5. [Hillary Clinton's doctor says she is being treated for pneumonia and dehydration after the Democratic Party presidential candidate fell ill and abruptly left a ceremony in New York City honoring the 15th anniversary of the September 11 attacks. ](/news/2016/09/11/hillary-clinton-s-doctor-says-she-is-being-treated-for-pneumonia-and-dehydration-after-the-democratic-party-presidential-candidate-fell-ill.md) _Context: New York's, September 11 attacks_
6. [In what is the deadliest mass shooting and the worst terror attack since 9/11 to occur in the United States, a mass shooting at a gay nightclub in the U.S. city of Orlando, Florida, kills at least 50 people, including the shooter, and injures 53. ](/news/2016/06/12/in-what-is-the-deadliest-mass-shooting-and-the-worst-terror-attack-since-9-11-to-occur-in-the-united-states-a-mass-shooting-at-a-gay-nightc.md) _Context: September 11 attacks, United States_
7. [A group of United States mayors forms ''"Mayors Against Discrimination"'' in the wake of  recent discriminatory laws enacted  in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminatory-laws-enacted-in-north-carol.md) _Context: New York's, United States_
8. [Two people are killed and 35 injured when a United States Amtrak passenger train on the Palmetto route traveling from New York City to Savannah, Georgia, with 341 passengers and seven crew on board, derails in Chester, Pennsylvania, after striking a backhoe that was on the track. Local media reports the deceased are veteran Amtrak workers. Area hospitals are treating the injured; none in life-threatening condition. ](/news/2016/04/3/two-people-are-killed-and-35-injured-when-a-united-states-amtrak-passenger-train-on-the-palmetto-route-traveling-from-new-york-city-to-savan.md) _Context: New York's, United States_
9. [A group of mayors and officials from American cities such as Philadelphia and New York City say that if they had their way Donald Trump would be banned from their cities for his comments on Muslims. ](/news/2015/12/9/a-group-of-mayors-and-officials-from-american-cities-such-as-philadelphia-and-new-york-city-say-that-if-they-had-their-way-donald-trump-woul.md) _Context: New York's, United States_
10. [United States Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson says the Obama administration will announce a new terror alert system "in the coming days," that will better inform the public about threats to the United States. This will be the third terror alert system put in place since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks. ](/news/2015/12/7/united-states-homeland-security-secretary-jeh-johnson-says-the-obama-administration-will-announce-a-new-terror-alert-system-in-the-coming-d.md) _Context: September 11 attacks, United States_
