### [2014-08-1](/news/2014/08/1/index.md)

# 2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak. Liberia and Sierra Leone declare a state of emergency in response to the Ebola virus disease by sending in troops and ordering the closure of schools and markets and the quarantining of affected communities. 

Sierra Leone has declared a state of emergency and called in troops to quarantine Ebola victims, joining neighbouring Liberia in imposing controls as the death toll from the outbreak of the virus hit 729 in West Africa.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/2014/08/01/uk-health-ebola-leone-idUKKBN0G00PW20140801)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/society/2014/jul/31/ebola-outbreak-state-of-emergency-liberia-sierra-leone)

### Related:

1. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa. Ebola virus cases in the United States. United States authorities announce mandatory Ebola screening will end for travelers from Liberia to five U.S. airports, effective September 21, 2015. Screening of travelers from Sierra Leone and Guinea will continue. ](/news/2015/09/18/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-ebola-virus-cases-in-the-united-states-united-states-authorities-announce-mandatory-ebola-screening-wi.md) _Context: Ebola, Liberia, Sierra Leone_
2. [2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak. ASKY Airlines suspends flights to Liberia and Sierra Leone as the death toll from the Ebola outbreak reaches 672. ](/news/2014/07/29/2014-west-africa-ebola-outbreak-asky-airlines-suspends-flights-to-liberia-and-sierra-leone-as-the-death-toll-from-the-ebola-outbreak-reache.md) _Context: 2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak, Liberia, Sierra Leone_
3. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa. A 15-year-old boy from Liberia's Paynesville district, who tested positive for Ebola last week, dies of the disease at a treatment center near the capital, Monrovia, just over 11 weeks after the World Health Organization (WHO) declared the country free of the virus. The boy's father and brother, who also tested positive, are at the center; his mother and two other siblings were admitted for observation. In addition, 160 people who came in direct contact with the boy, are being monitored. ](/news/2015/11/24/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-a-15-year-old-boy-from-liberia-s-paynesville-district-who-tested-positive-for-ebola-last-week-dies-of.md) _Context: Ebola, Liberia_
4. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa. Two new cases of ebola virus disease are reported from Sierra Leone-s capital city of Freetown about three weeks after the most recent new cases were found.](/news/2015/06/22/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-two-new-cases-of-ebola-virus-disease-are-reported-from-sierra-leone-s-capital-city-of-freetown-about.md) _Context: Ebola, Sierra Leone_
5. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa. The World Health Organization reports that the death toll in the three worst affected countries in West Africa - Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone - has passed 5,000. ](/news/2014/11/13/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-the-world-health-organization-reports-that-the-death-toll-in-the-three-worst-affected-countries-in-west.md) _Context: Liberia, Sierra Leone_
6. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa. Australia issues a blanket ban on issuing visas for residents of Liberia, Guinea and Sierra Leone, the countries worst affected by the Ebola epidemic. ](/news/2014/10/28/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-australia-issues-a-blanket-ban-on-issuing-visas-for-residents-of-liberia-guinea-and-sierra-leone-the.md) _Context: Liberia, Sierra Leone_
7. [Ebola virus disease in the United States. The United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention announces that there will be a 21-day monitoring period for all travelers from Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea. ](/news/2014/10/22/ebola-virus-disease-in-the-united-states-the-united-states-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-announces-that-there-will-be-a-21-day.md) _Context: Liberia, Sierra Leone_
8. [2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak. The World Health Organisation reports that 932 have died from the latest outbreak of the Ebola virus with a man reportedly dying of the disease in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia after a business trip to Sierra Leone. ](/news/2014/08/6/2014-west-africa-ebola-outbreak-the-world-health-organisation-reports-that-932-have-died-from-the-latest-outbreak-of-the-ebola-virus-with-a.md) _Context: 2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak, Sierra Leone_
9. [2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak. Liberia closes schools and quarantines communities in order to stop the spread of the Ebola virus that has claimed 672 lives in West Africa. ](/news/2014/07/30/2014-west-africa-ebola-outbreak-liberia-closes-schools-and-quarantines-communities-in-order-to-stop-the-spread-of-the-ebola-virus-that-has.md) _Context: 2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak, Liberia_
10. [2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak:. A Liberian official visiting Lagos dies of the Ebola virus becoming the first reported death in Nigeria. ](/news/2014/07/25/2014-west-africa-ebola-outbreak-a-liberian-official-visiting-lagos-dies-of-the-ebola-virus-becoming-the-first-reported-death-in-nigeria.md) _Context: 2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak, Liberia_
