### [2014-08-1](/news/2014/08/1/index.md)

# A 72-hour ceasefire brokered by the UN and USA which began at 08:00 falls apart with each side accusing the other party of breaching the ceasefire. An Israeli soldier is kidnapped and several killed during a suicide bomber attack at 09:30, according to Israeli officials. 91 Palestinians were killed in the city of Rafah south of Gaza according to the Gaza Officials since the Israeli soldier was captured. The UN and USA strongly condemn the attack. The ceasefire was cancelled. 

Netanyahu says IDF will redeploy according to Israel&#8217;s security needs once last tunnels demolished soon, thanks Obama for support, slams countries that are tolerant of terror; family of kidnapped soldier Hadar Goldin makes emotional appeal


### Source:

1. [Global Post](http://www.globalpost.com/dispatch/news/afp/140801/hamas-accuses-israel-violating-gaza-ceasefire)
2. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2014/08/02/world/middleeast/2-palestinians-killed-in-west-bank-clashes.html)
3. [Times of Israel](http://www.timesofisrael.com/day-26-obama-calls-for-unconditional-release-of-captured-soldier-un-condemns-hamas-truce-violation/)

### Related:

1. [Four Egyptian security personnel are killed and another four are injured by a roadside bomb near the border town Rafah in the Sinai Peninsula. Islamist militants are suspected to have remotely detonated the device as an armored vehicle drove by the town's center, near the border with the Gaza Strip and Israel,  security sources told Ahram Online. ](/news/2015/12/8/four-egyptian-security-personnel-are-killed-and-another-four-are-injured-by-a-roadside-bomb-near-the-border-town-rafah-in-the-sinai-peninsul.md) _Context: Israel, Rafah_
2. [Operation Protective Edge:United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay condemns both Israel's military actions in the Gaza Strip and Hamas for "indiscriminate attacks" on Israel, and warns that war crimes may have been committed.  ](/news/2014/07/23/operation-protective-edge-punited-nations-high-commissioner-for-human-rights-navi-pillay-condemns-both-israel-s-military-actions-in-the-gaza.md) _Context: Israel, Operation Protective Edge_
3. [Israel agrees to a two hour ceasefire in Shuja'iyya neighbourhood in the Gaza Strip at the request of the Red Cross iafter a heavy firefight caused the death of more than 74 Palestinians and 13 Israel Defense Forces soldiers. ](/news/2014/07/20/israel-agrees-to-a-two-hour-ceasefire-in-shuja-iyya-neighbourhood-in-the-gaza-strip-at-the-request-of-the-red-cross-uafter-a-heavy-firefigh.md) _Context: Israel, Operation Protective Edge_
4. [Operation Protective Edge:According to Hamas the death toll from Israel's offensive against the Gaza Strip exceeds 300 although it is not clear how many are civilians or militants. Israel conducted over 2500 airstrikes and artillery strikes during the operation while thousands of rockets have been fired into Israel. ](/news/2014/07/19/operation-protective-edge-paccording-to-hamas-the-death-toll-from-israel-s-offensive-against-the-gaza-strip-exceeds-300-although-it-is-not-c.md) _Context: Israel, Operation Protective Edge_
5. [Operation Protective Edge:Israel and Hamas agree to a brief UN humanitarian ceasefire Thursday morning to allow aid to enter the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2014/07/17/operation-protective-edge-pisrael-and-hamas-agree-to-a-brief-un-humanitarian-ceasefire-thursday-morning-to-allow-aid-to-enter-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Israel, Operation Protective Edge_
6. [Operation Protective Edge:A ceasefire deal, brokered by Egypt, is accepted by Israel but rejected by Hamas. ](/news/2014/07/15/operation-protective-edge-pa-ceasefire-deal-brokered-by-egypt-is-accepted-by-israel-but-rejected-by-hamas.md) _Context: Israel, Operation Protective Edge_
7. [Operation Protective Edge:The death toll in the Gaza Strip since the beginning of Israeli air strikes reaches 120. The IAF has performed over 1,300 airstrikes since the beginning of the operation. ](/news/2014/07/12/operation-protective-edge-pthe-death-toll-in-the-gaza-strip-since-the-beginning-of-israeli-air-strikes-reaches-120-the-iaf-has-performed-ov.md) _Context: Israel, Operation Protective Edge_
8. [2010 Gaza flotilla raid:Turkey expels Israel's ambassador and cancels all military agreements with Israel, hours before a UN report investigating the raid is published. ](/news/2011/09/2/2010-gaza-flotilla-raid-pturkey-expels-israel-s-ambassador-and-cancels-all-military-agreements-with-israel-hours-before-a-un-report-investi.md) _Context: Israel, UN_
9. [Israel orders all of their foreign envoys to thwart Palestinian attempts to draft a UN resolution with the aims of recognition of Palestinian and to pressure Israel to stop settling its citizens within Palestine. ](/news/2010/12/20/israel-orders-all-of-their-foreign-envoys-to-thwart-palestinian-attempts-to-draft-a-un-resolution-with-the-aims-of-recognition-of-palestinia.md) _Context: Israel, UN_
10. [The United States offers Israel 20 F-35s and opposition to anti-Israel resolutions in the UN if Israel agrees to a partial 90-day freeze in building in the West Bank, excluding east Jerusalem. ](/news/2010/11/14/the-united-states-offers-israel-20-f-35s-and-opposition-to-anti-israel-resolutions-in-the-un-if-israel-agrees-to-a-partial-90-day-freeze-in.md) _Context: Israel, UN_
