### [2014-08-1](/news/2014/08/1/index.md)

# Vladimir Antyufeyev, a Russian citizen and veteran of the pro-Russian separatist rebellion in Moldova, takes over as head of Donetsk People's Republic rebellion after self-labeled "prime minister" Alexander Borodai reportedly disappeared for Russia. 

A Russian police chief who led separatists in Moldova now claims to be commanding the Donetsk rebels fighting Ukrainian forces.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-28546157)
1. [Cover Image](http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/76651000/jpg/_76651436_antyureut.jpg)

### Related:

1. [DPR leader Alexander Zakharchenko announced that the self-declared Donetsk People's Republic (DPR) and Luhansk People's Republic (LPR) would form a new state called Malorossiya (Little Russia) as an official successor to what he called the "failed state" of Ukraine, with Donetsk replacing Kiev as the country's capital. Ukrainian president Petro Poroshenko and LPR leader Igor Plotnitsky denounced the plans. ](/news/2017/07/18/dpr-leader-alexander-zakharchenko-announced-that-the-self-declared-donetsk-people-s-republic-dpr-and-luhansk-people-s-republic-lpr-would.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic_
2. [Donetsk People's Republic commander Mikhail Tolstykh, better known by his "nom de guerre" "Givi", is killed in a bomb blast in Makiivka, Donetsk Oblast. DPR officials blame the Security Service of Ukraine for the attack. ](/news/2017/02/8/donetsk-people-s-republic-commander-mikhail-tolstykh-better-known-by-his-nom-de-guerre-givi-is-killed-in-a-bomb-blast-in-makiivka-don.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic_
3. [Voters in Moldova head to the polls in the country's presidential runoff between two opposition candidates, Igor Dodon, from the pro-Russian socialist PSRM, and Maia Sandu, from the pro-EU liberal PAS, with Dodon expected to win. Preliminary results, in this first Moldovan election where the president is chosen by national votes rather than by parliament, will be announced Monday. ](/news/2016/11/13/voters-in-moldova-head-to-the-polls-in-the-country-s-presidential-runoff-between-two-opposition-candidates-igor-dodon-from-the-pro-russian.md) _Context: Moldova_
4. [Voters in Moldova go to the polls for a presidential election. A run off election will be held on November 13 between Igor Dodon and Maia Sandu after no candidate achieved a majority of votes. ](/news/2016/10/30/voters-in-moldova-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-a-run-off-election-will-be-held-on-november-13-between-igor-dodon-and-maia-sa.md) _Context: Moldova_
5. [A bomb placed in an elevator shaft kills Pro-Russian, high-ranking officer of the Donetsk People's Republic's special forces, Arseny Pavlov, also known as "Motorola", in Donetsk. ](/news/2016/10/16/a-bomb-placed-in-an-elevator-shaft-kills-pro-russian-high-ranking-officer-of-the-donetsk-people-s-republic-s-special-forces-arseny-pavlov.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic_
6. [A Romanian medical helicopter crashes near Cahul, Moldova, killing four people. ](/news/2016/06/2/a-romanian-medical-helicopter-crashes-near-cahul-moldova-killing-four-people.md) _Context: Moldova_
7. [About 200 U.S. troops arrive in Moldova from Romania for planned military exercises with the Moldovan military which will last until May 20. ](/news/2016/05/2/about-200-u-s-troops-arrive-in-moldova-from-romania-for-planned-military-exercises-with-the-moldovan-military-which-will-last-until-may-20.md) _Context: Moldova_
8. [Representatives of the Russian-backed Donetsk People's Republic in Eastern Ukraine say at least five civilians are killed by artillery fire at a checkpoint in the town of Olenivka, with another 10 injured. Kiev denies the accusation. A local border-guard spokesman says there was an explosion at the checkpoint but he saw no artillery fired from either side, suggesting the blast could have been a bomb. ](/news/2016/04/27/representatives-of-the-russian-backed-donetsk-people-s-republic-in-eastern-ukraine-say-at-least-five-civilians-are-killed-by-artillery-fire.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic_
9. [Protests continue in Moldova as thousands of anti-government protesters demonstrate in the capital Chisinau despite concessions given to the protesters last month by the government. ](/news/2016/04/24/protests-continue-in-moldova-as-thousands-of-anti-government-protesters-demonstrate-in-the-capital-chieinau-despite-concessions-given-to-t.md) _Context: Moldova_
10. [A Ukrainian court sentences two Russian nationals to 14 years in prison each on charges of fighting alongside Russian-backed separatists in eastern Ukraine. Moscow contends that the two Russians were no longer employed by the state when they were captured. ](/news/2016/04/18/a-ukrainian-court-sentences-two-russian-nationals-to-14-years-in-prison-each-on-charges-of-fighting-alongside-russian-backed-separatists-in.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic_
