### [2011-03-26](/news/2011/03/26/index.md)

# Geraldine Ferraro, a Democratic Party Congresswoman and the first woman to stand for Vice-President of the United States on a major party ticket dies in Boston. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/03/26/us-usa-ferraro-idUSTRE72P1IL20110326?feedType=RSS&feedName=domesticNews)

### Related:

1. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: Democratic Party, United States House of Representatives_
2. [Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia.  ](/news/2017/04/18/democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u-s-house-seat-vacated-by-tom-price-now-health-and-human-serv.md) _Context: Democratic Party, United States House of Representatives_
3. [Georgia Representative John Lewis leads about 40 U.S. House of Representatives Democrats in a sit-in after the U.S. Senate failed to approve any of four gun control measures Monday night. ](/news/2016/06/22/georgia-representative-john-lewis-leads-about-40-u-s-house-of-representatives-democrats-in-a-sit-in-after-the-u-s-senate-failed-to-approve.md) _Context: Democratic Party, United States House of Representatives_
4. [ The U.S. Supreme Court rules that a lawsuit challenging Maryland's congressional redistricting plan following the 2010 Census on grounds of unconstitutional gerrymandering may proceed. The suit, which alleges that congressional district boundaries were changed to make it easier for Democrats to win in seven of the state's eight districts, had been rejected by both district and circuit courts due to lack of standing. ](/news/2015/12/8/the-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-a-lawsuit-challenging-maryland-s-congressional-redistricting-plan-following-the-2010-census-on-grounds-of.md) _Context: Democratic Party, United States House of Representatives_
5. [Vice President Joe Biden says that he will not be seeking the Democratic Party nomination. ](/news/2015/10/21/vice-president-joe-biden-says-that-he-will-not-be-seeking-the-democratic-party-nomination.md) _Context: Democratic Party, U.S. Vice President_
6. [A jury clears former Democratic Party candidate for Vice-President of the United States John Edwards on one count of corruption, with the judge ordering a mistrial on the other five counts. ](/news/2012/05/31/a-jury-clears-former-democratic-party-candidate-for-vice-president-of-the-united-states-john-edwards-on-one-count-of-corruption-with-the-ju.md) _Context: Democratic Party, U.S. Vice President_
7. [Veteran Ohio Congressman Dennis Kucinich is defeated in a Democrat primary in the 9th district by incumbent Marcia C. Kaptur after he was affected by redistricting - Samuel Wurzelbacher aka Joe the Plumber wins the Republican Party primary. ](/news/2012/03/6/veteran-ohio-congressman-dennis-kucinich-is-defeated-in-a-democrat-primary-in-the-9th-district-by-incumbent-marcia-c-kaptur-after-he-was-af.md) _Context: Democratic Party, United States House of Representatives_
8. [Democratic Party candidate Suzanne Bonamici wins a special election to represent the 1st congressional district of Oregon in the United States House of Representatives. ](/news/2012/01/31/democratic-party-candidate-suzanne-bonamici-wins-a-special-election-to-represent-the-1st-congressional-district-of-oregon-in-the-united-stat.md) _Context: Democratic Party, United States House of Representatives_
9. [Rep Lynn Woolsey, a California Democrat, announces her retirement from the United States House of Representatives at the end of the 112th United States Congress. ](/news/2011/06/27/rep-lynn-woolsey-a-california-democrat-announces-her-retirement-from-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-at-the-end-of-the-112th-un.md) _Context: Democratic Party, United States House of Representatives_
10. [U.S. Representative Anthony Weiner of New York resigns his office amidst pressure from Democratic leadership and President Barack Obama after admitting to sending lewd photos via Twitter. ](/news/2011/06/16/u-s-representative-anthony-weiner-of-new-york-resigns-his-office-amidst-pressure-from-democratic-leadership-and-president-barack-obama-afte.md) _Context: Democratic Party, United States House of Representatives_
