### [2010-05-4](/news/2010/05/4/index.md)

# Flights in and out of Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland are grounded for several hours. 




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/8661096.stm)

### Related:

1. [European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expatriates.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Republic of Ireland_
2. [A bomb explodes in Omagh, County Tyrone, Northern Ireland, killing one, hours after around 2,000 participants in a half marathon pass by. The incident evokes memories of the 1998 Omagh bombing, while taoiseach Enda Kenny (Republic of Ireland) accuses the perpetrators of "acting in defiance of the Irish people". ](/news/2011/04/2/a-bomb-explodes-in-omagh-county-tyrone-northern-ireland-killing-one-hours-after-around-2-000-participants-in-a-half-marathon-pass-by-th.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Republic of Ireland_
3. [ Tens of thousands of people protest against government cutbacks in eight Irish cities and ten locations across Northern Ireland. ](/news/2009/11/6/tens-of-thousands-of-people-protest-against-government-cutbacks-in-eight-irish-cities-and-ten-locations-across-northern-ireland.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Republic of Ireland_
4. [ United States President Barack Obama meets Irish Taoiseach Brian Cowen and Northern Irish First Minister Peter Robinson and Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness at the White House. ](/news/2009/03/17/united-states-president-barack-obama-meets-irish-taoiseach-brian-cowen-and-northern-irish-first-minister-peter-robinson-and-deputy-first-mi.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Republic of Ireland_
5. [ Shares of major Irish banks rise sharply following the announcement of a State guarantee of all deposits in Allied Irish Banks, Bank of Ireland, Anglo Irish Bank, Irish Life & Permanent, Irish Nationwide Building Society and EBS, worth an estimated EUR400 billion. The guarantee includes Bank of Ireland branches in Northern Ireland while the coverage of AIB's subsidiary, First Trust is still under discussion. Deposits in foreign-owned banks remain guaranteed to EUR100,000. ](/news/2008/09/30/shares-of-major-irish-banks-rise-sharply-following-the-announcement-of-a-state-guarantee-of-all-deposits-in-allied-irish-banks-bank-of-ire.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Republic of Ireland_
6. [ An indoor smoking ban comes into effect in Northern Ireland, three years after the Republic of Ireland. ](/news/2007/04/30/an-indoor-smoking-ban-comes-into-effect-in-northern-ireland-three-years-after-the-republic-of-ireland.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Republic of Ireland_
7. [ The Republic of Ireland, one of the last countries to use non-metric speed limits, officially changes all road signage and regulations to use kilometres per hour (km/h). Speed limits in Northern Ireland remain in miles per hour (mph). ](/news/2005/01/20/the-republic-of-ireland-one-of-the-last-countries-to-use-non-metric-speed-limits-officially-changes-all-road-signage-and-regulations-to-u.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Republic of Ireland_
8. [ Sinn Fin leader Gerry Adams recommends that Sinn Fin support a British-Irish power-sharing plan for Northern Ireland that involves the public decommissioning of the arms held by the Irish Republican Army. Ian Paisley of the loyalist Democratic Unionist Party may become first minister of Northern Ireland, with former IRA member Martin McGuinness as his deputy. ](/news/2004/12/6/sinn-fein-leader-gerry-adams-recommends-that-sinn-fein-support-a-british-irish-power-sharing-plan-for-northern-ireland-that-involves-the-pu.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Republic of Ireland_
9. [The Republic of Ireland announces a referendum on abortion will be held between May and June 2018. ](/news/2017/09/27/the-republic-of-ireland-announces-a-referendum-on-abortion-will-be-held-between-may-and-june-2018.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland_
10. [Irish low-cost airline Ryanair cancels 82 Sunday flights as the first step in a six-week program that will eliminate 40 to 50 flights daily to wipe out its crew vacation backlog in order to meet Irish Aviation Authority requirements by the end of this year. ](/news/2017/09/16/irish-low-cost-airline-ryanair-cancels-82-sunday-flights-as-the-first-step-in-a-six-week-program-that-will-eliminate-40-to-50-flights-daily.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland_
