### [2010-05-4](/news/2010/05/4/index.md)

# The Deepwater Horizon drilling rig explosion in the Gulf of Mexico causes slowing shipping and increased prices for gasoline, food and other items in the United States. 

The calamitous oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico isn&#39;t just a mess for the people who live or work on the coast. If you drink coffee, eat shrimp, like bananas or plan to buy a new set of tires, you could end up paying more because of the disaster.


### Source:

1. [CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/stories/2010/05/04/earlyshow/main6459078.shtml)
2. [MSNBC](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/36926747/ns/us_news-environment/)

### Related:

1. [Deepwater Horizon drilling rig explosion aftermath:The oil spill resulting from the explosion of the ''Deepwater Horizon'' drilling rig in the Gulf of Mexico reaches the Louisiana coast. ](/news/2010/04/30/deepwater-horizon-drilling-rig-explosion-aftermath-pthe-oil-spill-resulting-from-the-explosion-of-the-deepwater-horizon-drilling-rig-in.md) _Context: Deepwater Horizon drilling rig explosion, Gulf_
2. [Deepwater Horizon drilling rig explosion in the The United States Coast Guard begins a controlled burn to remove oil spilled in the aftermath of the Deepwater Horizon disaster. ](/news/2010/04/29/deepwater-horizon-drilling-rig-explosion-in-the-the-united-states-coast-guard-begins-a-controlled-burn-to-remove-oil-spilled-in-the-aftermat.md) _Context: Deepwater Horizon drilling rig explosion, Gulf_
3. [Hurricane Franklin, the Atlantic Ocean's first hurricane of the season, is set to hit Mexico's  Gulf state of Veracruz tonight or tomorrow morning. The category 1 storm is  expected to lose strength as it moves inland through the oil-producing state. ](/news/2017/08/9/hurricane-franklin-the-atlantic-ocean-s-first-hurricane-of-the-season-is-set-to-hit-mexico-s-gulf-state-of-veracruz-tonight-or-tomorrow-m.md) _Context: Gulf_
4. [Tropical Storm Colin forms in the Gulf of Mexico and is likely to hit Florida's Gulf Coast tomorrow. ](/news/2016/06/5/tropical-storm-colin-forms-in-the-gulf-of-mexico-and-is-likely-to-hit-florida-s-gulf-coast-tomorrow.md) _Context: Gulf_
5. [State oil company Petroleos Mexicanos reports the death toll has risen to  28 from Wednesday's explosion at Petroquimica Mexicana de Vinilo's Clorados 3 petrochemical plant in the Gulf port city of Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz. Some workers are still missing while 18 others remain hospitalized. Officials say the explosion came from an unspecified leak. The plant produces the hazardous industrial chemical vinyl chloride. ](/news/2016/04/22/state-oil-company-petroleos-mexicanos-reports-the-death-toll-has-risen-to-28-from-wednesday-s-explosion-at-petroquimica-mexicana-de-vinilo.md) _Context: Gulf_
6. [At least 24 people are killed, 136 others injured, and eight workers still missing from yesterday's blast at the major Clorados 3 petrochemical plant of Petroquimica Mexicana de Vinilo. Nineteen people remain hospitalized, with 13 in serious condition. The plant is run by Mexichem under agreement with Petroleos Mexicanos (Pemex), the national petrochemical company, in Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz, Mexico, on the country's southern Gulf of Mexico coast. Pemex had an earlier fire at the same facility in February 2016 that killed one worker; also that month, an offshore Pemex Gulf platform fire killed two and injured eight. ](/news/2016/04/21/at-least-24-people-are-killed-136-others-injured-and-eight-workers-still-missing-from-yesterday-s-blast-at-the-major-clorados-3-petrochemi.md) _Context: Gulf_
7. [Nine Cuban migrants die and 18 others are rescued by the Royal Caribbean's ''Brilliance of the Seas'' cruise ship in the Gulf of Mexico, 130 miles west of Marco Island, Florida. The group had been sailing for 22 days in a 30-foot long "rustic" boat. The survivors were severely dehydrated and in poor condition. Those who had died were buried at sea. The cruise ship is taking the migrants to its next stop, the Mexican island of Cozumel. ](/news/2016/03/19/nine-cuban-migrants-die-and-18-others-are-rescued-by-the-royal-caribbean-s-brilliance-of-the-seas-cruise-ship-in-the-gulf-of-mexico-130.md) _Context: Gulf_
8. [The Obama administration announces it is cancelling plans to permit drilling for oil and gas off the southeastern U.S. Atlantic coast. A new plan involves 10 potential lease sales in the Gulf of Mexico and three off the coast of Alaska. ](/news/2016/03/15/the-obama-administration-announces-it-is-cancelling-plans-to-permit-drilling-for-oil-and-gas-off-the-southeastern-u-s-atlantic-coast-a-new.md) _Context: Gulf_
9. [The U.S. Justice Department files criminal charges against three individuals and three companies--Black Elk, Grand Isle Shipyard and oil field services company Wood Group--in connection with a 2012 oil platform incident in the Gulf of Mexico that left three workers dead. The charges range from manslaughter to violations of the federal Clean Water Act.  ](/news/2015/11/20/the-u-s-justice-department-files-criminal-charges-against-three-individuals-and-three-companies-black-elk-grand-isle-shipyard-and-oil-fie.md) _Context: Gulf_
10. [Five deaths occurred in Haiti as Tropical Storm Erika dumped heavy rains there, on the Dominican Republic, and on Puerto Rico. The storm weakened to a Tropical Depression before it hit Cuba (max winds 56 kph (35 mph), heading to the southeastern Gulf of Mexico. ](/news/2015/08/29/five-deaths-occurred-in-haiti-as-tropical-storm-erika-dumped-heavy-rains-there-on-the-dominican-republic-and-on-puerto-rico-the-storm-wea.md) _Context: Gulf_
