### [2014-09-12](/news/2014/09/12/index.md)

# Central African Republic conflict (2012-present):More than 5,000 people have died in the Central African Republic in the past 9 months. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/africa/ap-tally-more-than-5000-people-have-died-in-central-african-republic-in-last-9-months/2014/09/12/2e24dca4-3a5c-11e4-a023-1d61f7f31a05_story.html)

### Related:

1. [Central African Republic conflict:Russia and China have blocked a proposal by the United States and France to impose U.N. sanctions on Central African Republic's former President Francois Bozize and two other people linked to the conflict. ](/news/2014/04/23/central-african-republic-conflict-prussia-and-china-have-blocked-a-proposal-by-the-united-states-and-france-to-impose-u-n-sanctions-on-cent.md) _Context: Central African Republic conflict (2012–present), Central-African_
2. [France announces it will increase the number of its soldiers deployed in the Central African Republic as sectarian violence worsens. ](/news/2014/02/14/france-announces-it-will-increase-the-number-of-its-soldiers-deployed-in-the-central-african-republic-as-sectarian-violence-worsens.md) _Context: Central African Republic conflict (2012–present), Central-African_
3. [Central African Republic conflict (2012-present):South Africa's President Jacob Zuma announces full withdrawal from the Central African Republic after criticism over death of 13 soldiers during the fall of the government there. ](/news/2013/04/4/central-african-republic-conflict-2012apresent-psouth-africa-s-president-jacob-zuma-announces-full-withdrawal-from-the-central-african-r.md) _Context: Central African Republic conflict (2012–present), Central-African_
4. [The National Transitional Council of the Central African Republic elects Michel Djotodia as the President confirming a position he has held since a coup last month. ](/news/2013/04/13/the-national-transitional-council-of-the-central-african-republic-elects-michel-djotodia-as-the-president-confirming-a-position-he-has-held.md) _Context: Central African Republic conflict (2012–present), Central-African_
5. [The United States announced it will end a six-year Central-African hunt for Joseph Kony the following day. ](/news/2017/04/25/the-united-states-announced-it-will-end-a-six-year-central-african-hunt-for-joseph-kony-the-following-day.md) _Context: Central-African_
6. [Jean-Pierre Bemba, leader of the Movement for the Liberation of the Congo, and a former Congolese vice president, is sentenced to 18 years in prison by the International Criminal Court for war crimes, and for sexual violence crimes against humanity in neighboring Central African Republic during 2002 and 2003. ](/news/2016/06/21/jean-pierre-bemba-leader-of-the-movement-for-the-liberation-of-the-congo-and-a-former-congolese-vice-president-is-sentenced-to-18-years-i.md) _Context: Central-African_
7. [The International Criminal Court finds ex-Vice President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo Jean-Pierre Bemba guilty of war crimes. Bemba is accused of not taking steps to stop his militia from committing mass murder, rape and pillage in neighbouring Central African Republic. ](/news/2016/03/21/the-international-criminal-court-finds-ex-vice-president-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-jean-pierre-bemba-guilty-of-war-crimes-bem.md) _Context: Central-African_
8. [Voters in the Central African Republic go to the polls for the second round of voting in the presidential election, a runoff between former prime ministers   Anicet-Georges Dologuele (1999-2001) and Faustin-Archange Touadera (2008-13). ](/news/2016/02/14/voters-in-the-central-african-republic-go-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-voting-in-the-presidential-election-a-runoff-between-former.md) _Context: Central-African_
9. [Voters  in the Central African Republic are heading to the polls for the rescheduled parliamentary elections and the first round of the presidential election, where 30 candidates are running to replace Acting President Catherine Samba-Panza. The presidential runoff election is scheduled for 31 January 2016. The  Central African Republic has been rocked by unrest since the March 2013 coup of president Francois Bozize by Seleka, a mostly Muslim alliance of anti-government groups. Thousands have died and about one million people have been displaced in the ongoing sectarian violence between Seleka and the Christian anti-balaka militia. The United Nations peacekeeping mission has promised a heavy security presence today. ](/news/2015/12/30/voters-in-the-central-african-republic-are-heading-to-the-polls-for-the-rescheduled-parliamentary-elections-and-the-first-round-of-the-pres.md) _Context: Central-African_
10. [Central African Republic's National Election Authority announces voters approved (93%) the new constitution in the  December 13 referendum. Amid sporatic violence,  39 percent of registered citizens voted in the two-day poll. The first round of the presidential elections and Parliamentary elections now can be held on December 27, 2015. Acting President Catherine Samba-Panza and current members of the  legislature cannot participate.  ](/news/2015/12/22/central-african-republic-s-national-election-authority-announces-voters-approved-93-the-new-constitution-in-the-december-13-referendum.md) _Context: Central-African_
