### [2014-09-12](/news/2014/09/12/index.md)

# Former First Minister of Northern Ireland and Democratic Unionist Party leader Ian Paisley dies, aged 88. 

Former first minister and Democratic Unionist Party leader Ian Paisley has died and his wife, Eileen, says the family is heartbroken.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-northern-ireland-29177705)

### Related:

1. [DUP leader and Northern Ireland First Minister Peter Robinson dismisses calls from Sinn Fin for a Scotland-style referendum on independence for Northern Ireland, telling his party's annual conference that a majority of Catholics want Northern Ireland to stay part of the United Kingdom. ](/news/2012/11/24/dup-leader-and-northern-ireland-first-minister-peter-robinson-dismisses-calls-from-sinn-fein-for-a-scotland-style-referendum-on-independence.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, First Minister of Northern Ireland_
2. [ First Minister of Northern Ireland Ian Paisley announces his intentions to stand down from the post in May 2008 and, at the same time, resign as leader of the DUP, a party he has led for almost 40 years. ](/news/2008/03/4/first-minister-of-northern-ireland-ian-paisley-announces-his-intentions-to-stand-down-from-the-post-in-may-2008-and-at-the-same-time-resi.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Ian Paisley_
3. [ Home rule returns to Northern Ireland. DUP leader Ian Paisley and Sinn Fein's Martin McGuinness take office as First Minister and Deputy First Minister, respectively. ](/news/2007/05/8/home-rule-returns-to-northern-ireland-dup-leader-ian-paisley-and-sinn-fa-c-in-s-martin-mcguinness-take-office-as-first-minister-and-deputy-f.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Ian Paisley_
4. [ The Blair Government introduces legislation into the Parliament of the United Kingdom to facilitate a power-sharing agreement in Northern Ireland between Ian Paisley's Democratic Unionist Party and Sinn Fin. ](/news/2007/03/27/the-blair-government-introduces-legislation-into-the-parliament-of-the-united-kingdom-to-facilitate-a-power-sharing-agreement-in-northern-i.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Ian Paisley_
5. [ Northern Ireland Peace Process: Members of the Democratic Unionist Party, led by Ian Paisley, and Sinn Fein, led by Gerry Adams, meet face-to face for the first time, and agree a timetable for implementing the St. Andrews Agreement. ](/news/2007/03/26/northern-ireland-peace-process-members-of-the-democratic-unionist-party-led-by-ian-paisley-and-sinn-fa-c-in-led-by-gerry-adams-meet-face.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Ian Paisley_
6. [ Ulster Unionist Party defector Jeffrey Donaldson and two other MLAs join Rev. Ian Paisley's Democratic Unionist Party, pushing the DUP's numbers in the Northern Ireland Assembly to 33.](/news/2004/01/5/ulster-unionist-party-defector-jeffrey-donaldson-and-two-other-mlas-join-rev-ian-paisley-s-democratic-unionist-party-pushing-the-dup-s-nu.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Ian Paisley_
7. [ At the end of the First Count of elections to the Northern Ireland Assembly, and reflecting the early tallies the Democratic Unionist Party attracts the highest popular vote, with Sinn Fein coming second, the Ulster Unionist Party third and the SDLP fourth. Minor parties like the Progressive Unionist Party, the Alliance Party and the UK Unionist Party suffer major collapse, with the Women's Coalition losing all its seats. Later counts are expected to boost the middle ground UUP and SDLP, who show greater possibilities of picking up inter-party transfers than the more extreme DUP and Sinn Fein. Nevertheless, Sinn Fein is widely expected to have more MLAs than the SDLP, a reversal of the results in the 1998 Assembly elections. It is too close to call whether the previous larger UUP or the Rev. Ian Paisley's DUP will have more seats after all counts. The final results will not be known until late on Friday, when all six seats in each constituency are filled. The election was held under PR.STV.](/news/2003/11/27/at-the-end-of-the-first-count-of-elections-to-the-northern-ireland-assembly-and-reflecting-the-early-tallies-the-democratic-unionist-party.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Ian Paisley_
8. [Results of yesterday's snap election are counted, revealing a hung parliament as the Conservative Party fails to retain its parliamentary majority, despite remaining the party with the most seats. Prime Minister Theresa May announced that she will form a minority government with the support of the Northern Irish Democratic Unionist Party. ](/news/2017/06/9/results-of-yesterday-s-snap-election-are-counted-revealing-a-hung-parliament-as-the-conservative-party-fails-to-retain-its-parliamentary-ma.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party_
9. [The deadline for the Government formation in Northern Ireland has expired following the refusal of the Democratic Unionist Party and Sinn Fein to enter a power sharing agreement with each other, with both parties blaming each other for the impasse. ](/news/2017/03/27/the-deadline-for-the-government-formation-in-northern-ireland-has-expired-following-the-refusal-of-the-democratic-unionist-party-and-sinn-fa.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party_
10. [Northern Irish voters go to the polls to elect their new MLA representatives after a snap election was called following the resignation of Deputy First minister Martin McGuinness of Sinn Fin over the mishandling by Democratic Unionist Party over the recent Renewable Heat Incentive scandal. ](/news/2017/03/2/northern-irish-voters-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-their-new-mla-representatives-after-a-snap-election-was-called-following-the-resignation-of-d.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party_
