### [2014-09-12](/news/2014/09/12/index.md)

# Russian military intervention in Ukraine:: The Government of Ukraine and pro-Russian separatists exchange dozens of prisoners agreed to as part of a ceasefire a week ago. Both sides still hold thousands of prisoners. 

Ukrainian leader said the crisis has &ldquo;no military solution&rdquo; and urged rebels to seek political accord.


### Source:

1. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/ukrainian-government-and-pro-russian-rebels-exchange-more-prisoners/2014/09/12/d4d89031-9da2-42bc-9b64-552a720bb038_story.html)

### Related:

1. [Russian military intervention in Ukraine: Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko demands Russia halt arms supplies to Russian-backed militants as the leaders of France and Germany tried to revive a peace plan. ](/news/2017/07/24/russian-military-intervention-in-ukraine-ukrainian-president-petro-poroshenko-demands-russia-halt-arms-supplies-to-russian-backed-militants.md) _Context: Russian military intervention in Ukraine_
2. [War in Donbass: Representatives of the Russian-backed Donetsk People's Republic in Eastern Ukraine say at least five civilians are killed by artillery fire at a checkpoint in the town of Olenivka, with another 10 injured. Kiev denies the accusation. A local border-guard spokesman says there was an explosion at the checkpoint but he saw no artillery fired from either side, suggesting the blast could have been a bomb. ](/news/2016/04/27/war-in-donbass-representatives-of-the-russian-backed-donetsk-people-s-republic-in-eastern-ukraine-say-at-least-five-civilians-are-killed-by.md) _Context: Kiev_
3. [Russia-Ukraine relations: Russia's Finance Ministry sues Ukraine in London's High Court of Justice over a $3 billion debt. Payment was due December 21, 2015. Negotiations between Kiev and Moscow have not reached an agreement. Over the last 6 months Ukrainian government officials repeatedly stated they refuse to pay the debt. ](/news/2016/02/17/russia-ukraine-relations-russia-s-finance-ministry-sues-ukraine-in-london-s-high-court-of-justice-over-a-3-billion-debt-payment-was-due.md) _Context: Kiev_
4. [NATO leadership signs an agreement with the Ukrainian government to assist the country's modernization of its defense industry and capabilities. ](/news/2015/12/16/nato-leadership-signs-an-agreement-with-the-ukrainian-government-to-assist-the-country-s-modernization-of-its-defense-industry-and-capabilit.md) _Context: Kiev_
5. [Russia-Ukraine gas disputes: Russia's Gazprom halts gas supplies to Ukraine until the Ukrainian government pays in advance for future supplies to replenish the current supplies of gas that it has used up; Ukraine says it has stopped buying from Gazprom because it can get cheaper gas from Europe. Roughly 15% of the gas used in Europe travels through Ukraine, and a previous cut-off of gas supplies in 2009 caused serious disruptions in shipments to EU countries at the height of winter. ](/news/2015/11/25/russia-ukraine-gas-disputes-russia-s-gazprom-halts-gas-supplies-to-ukraine-until-the-ukrainian-government-pays-in-advance-for-future-supp.md) _Context: Kiev_
6. [The government of Ukraine bans all Russian airlines from flying into Ukraine from October 25 in response to Moscow's decision in September to impose a similar ban on Ukrainian airlines. ](/news/2015/10/12/the-government-of-ukraine-bans-all-russian-airlines-from-flying-into-ukraine-from-october-25-in-response-to-moscow-s-decision-in-september-t.md) _Context: Kiev_
7. [War in Donbass: Fighting intensifies near the ceasefire line in eastern Ukraine with both the Government of Ukraine and the rebels blaming each other. The separatist-held cities of Donetsk and Horlivka have been bombed with hundreds of shells and rockets in the last 72 hours. ](/news/2015/08/18/war-in-donbass-fighting-intensifies-near-the-ceasefire-line-in-eastern-ukraine-with-both-the-government-of-ukraine-and-the-rebels-blaming-e.md) _Context: Kiev_
8. [Russian military intervention in Ukraine: Dozens of Russian soldiers face trial for fleeing a training ground in Maikop, fearing deployment to Ukraine. ](/news/2015/07/11/russian-military-intervention-in-ukraine-dozens-of-russian-soldiers-face-trial-for-fleeing-a-training-ground-in-maikop-fearing-deployment.md) _Context: Russian military intervention in Ukraine_
9. [2014-15 Russian military intervention in Ukraine: The Government of Ukraine and pro-Russian separatists call off peace talks that were to be held in Minsk. ](/news/2015/01/30/2014-15-russian-military-intervention-in-ukraine-the-government-of-ukraine-and-pro-russian-separatists-call-off-peace-talks-that-were-to.md) _Context: Kiev_
10. [War in Donbass: A huge explosion occurs in a rubber factory in the rebel held city of Donetsk with the Russian media claiming it was caused by a missile. The Government of Ukraine denies the charges. ](/news/2014/10/20/war-in-donbass-a-huge-explosion-occurs-in-a-rubber-factory-in-the-rebel-held-city-of-donetsk-with-the-russian-media-claiming-it-was-caused.md) _Context: Kiev_
