### [2016-10-27](/news/2016/10/27/index.md)

# India-Pakistan relations. India and Pakistan each expel a diplomat from the other country as tensions grow over Kashmir. 

By Tommy Wilkes and Amjad Ali NEW DELHI/ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - India and Pakistan on Thursday announced they would each expel one of the other&#039;s ...


### Source:

1. [AP via ''The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/aponline/2016/10/27/world/asia/ap-as-pakistan-india.html?_r=0)
2. [Reuters via SwissInfo.ch](http://www.swissinfo.ch/eng/reuters/india--pakistan-to-expel-diplomats-amid-kashmir-tension/42549152)

### Related:

1. [India-Pakistan relations. Pakistan accuses eight Indian diplomats of espionage and terrorism amid rising tensions concerning Kashmir. India says it rejects these allegations. The six Pakistani diplomats withdrawn from India last week were reported to have been accused of spying. ](/news/2016/11/3/india-pakistan-relations-pakistan-accuses-eight-indian-diplomats-of-espionage-and-terrorism-amid-rising-tensions-concerning-kashmir-india.md) _Context: India, India-Pakistan relations, Kashmir, Pakistan_
2. [2016 India-Pakistan military confrontation. Kashmir conflict. Pakistani Chief of Air Staff Sohail Aman warns India not to escalate tensions in the disputed territory of Kashmir under the threat of a full-scale war. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson urges both sides to restrain themselves while on a diplomatic mission to Islamabad. ](/news/2016/11/24/2016-india-pakistan-military-confrontation-kashmir-conflict-pakistani-chief-of-air-staff-sohail-aman-warns-india-not-to-escalate-tension.md) _Context: India, Kashmir, Pakistan_
3. [2014-15 India-Pakistan border skirmishes. At least two Indian soldiers are killed after Pakistani forces opened fire along the de facto border that divides Kashmir between the two countries. ](/news/2015/11/3/2014-15-india-pakistan-border-skirmishes-at-least-two-indian-soldiers-are-killed-after-pakistani-forces-opened-fire-along-the-de-facto.md) _Context: India, Kashmir, Pakistan_
4. [2015 India-Pakistan border skirmishes. Kashmir conflict. Indian and Pakistani border guards exchange gunfire over the disputed Kashmir border with nine civilians killed and 63 injured. ](/news/2015/08/28/2015-india-pakistan-border-skirmishes-kashmir-conflict-indian-and-pakistani-border-guards-exchange-gunfire-over-the-disputed-kashmir-borde.md) _Context: India, Kashmir, Pakistan_
5. [2014-15 India-Pakistan border skirmishes. Kashmir conflict. India and Pakistan trade gunfire over the border in the disputed area of Kashmir leaving eight people killed in the past week. ](/news/2015/08/16/2014-15-india-pakistan-border-skirmishes-kashmir-conflict-india-and-pakistan-trade-gunfire-over-the-border-in-the-disputed-area-of-kas.md) _Context: India, Kashmir, Pakistan_
6. [Kashmir conflict:. India claims two of its soldiers have been killed during a gunfight with Pakistani forces in the Indian-controlled portion of Kashmir. This report comes two days after Pakistan made a similar claim of the death of one of its troops due to an Indian cross-border operation in the disputed region. ](/news/2013/01/8/kashmir-conflict-india-claims-two-of-its-soldiers-have-been-killed-during-a-gunfight-with-pakistani-forces-in-the-indian-controlled-portio.md) _Context: India, Kashmir, Pakistan_
7. [Kashmir conflict:. Pakistan claims another of its soldiers is killed from gunfire by Indian troops near the Line of Control. This is the fifth such fatality reported in the past two weeks from either of the neighboring countries who each claim the disputed territory. ](/news/2013/01/15/kashmir-conflict-pakistan-claims-another-of-its-soldiers-is-killed-from-gunfire-by-indian-troops-near-the-line-of-control-this-is-the-fif.md) _Context: India, Kashmir, Pakistan_
8. [Clashes break out between Indian and Pakistani troops near the border in the disputed Kashmir region. ](/news/2010/05/23/clashes-break-out-between-indian-and-pakistani-troops-near-the-border-in-the-disputed-kashmir-region.md) _Context: India, Kashmir, Pakistan_
9. [5,000 people at a rally in the town of Kotli in Pakistan-administered Kashmir vow to wage a holy war to "liberate" the disputed Himalayan state of Kashmir from India on 70th anniversary of resolution to seek independence separately from India ](/news/2010/03/23/5-000-people-at-a-rally-in-the-town-of-kotli-in-pakistan-administered-kashmir-vow-to-wage-a-holy-war-to-liberate-the-disputed-himalayan-st.md) _Context: India, Kashmir, Pakistan_
10. [ India and Pakistan agreed today to set up a panel to combat terrorism during the first peace talks between the countries in almost a year. However, there has been no progress in the core dispute over Kashmir, the mountain region both countries claim. ](/news/2006/11/15/india-and-pakistan-agreed-today-to-set-up-a-panel-to-combat-terrorism-during-the-first-peace-talks-between-the-countries-in-almost-a-year.md) _Context: India, Kashmir, Pakistan_
