### [2016-10-27](/news/2016/10/27/index.md)

# Philippines-United States relations: The San Francisco Police Department halts a training program between itself and the Philippine National Police over allegations of civil rights violations committed under the guise of the Philippine Drug War. 




### Source:

1. [Rappler](http://www.rappler.com/move-ph/balikbayan/150331-san-francisco-police-pnp-drug-war)

### Related:

1. [Philippine Drug War: At least 25 people are killed and 48 are arrested by the Philippine National Police Manila Police District in consecutive anti-drug operations in Manila within 24 hours. ](/news/2017/08/17/philippine-drug-war-at-least-25-people-are-killed-and-48-are-arrested-by-the-philippine-national-police-manila-police-district-in-consecuti.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Philippine National Police_
2. [United States senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-states-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-it.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Philippine National Police_
3. [Philippine Drug War: After a temporary suspension due to the kidnapping and killing of a South Korean national, Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte orders the Philippine National Police to resume his controversial campaign. ](/news/2017/03/1/philippine-drug-war-after-a-temporary-suspension-due-to-the-kidnapping-and-killing-of-a-south-korean-national-philippine-president-rodrigo.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Philippine National Police_
4. [Philippine Drug War: Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte suspends the war on drugs so resources can focus on ridding -corrupt- officers from the Philippine National Police. The "cause celebre" is the kidnapping and strangulation of South Korean businessman Jee Ick-joo last October. ](/news/2017/01/30/philippine-drug-war-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-suspends-the-war-on-drugs-so-resources-can-focus-on-ridding-corrupt-officers.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Philippine National Police_
5. [Philippine Drug War: A panel formed by the Senate of the Philippines concludes that operations under Oplan Tokhang by the Philippine National Police is unconstitutional. ](/news/2016/12/8/philippine-drug-war-a-panel-formed-by-the-senate-of-the-philippines-concludes-that-operations-under-oplan-tokhang-by-the-philippine-nationa.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Philippine National Police_
6. [Philippines-United States relations: Philippine Drug War: United States State Department blocks the sale of firearms to the Philippines due to concerns of human rights violations. ](/news/2016/11/2/philippines-united-states-relations-philippine-drug-war-united-states-state-department-blocks-the-sale-of-firearms-to-the-philippines-du.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Philippines-United States relations_
7. [Philippine Drug War: Datu Saudi-Ampatuan mayor Samsudin Dimaukom, publicly accused by Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte of involvement in the illegal drug trade, is killed, along with nine others, by Philippine police at a highway checkpoint in what police describe as an anti-drug operation. ](/news/2016/10/28/philippine-drug-war-datu-saudi-ampatuan-mayor-samsudin-dimaukom-publicly-accused-by-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-of-involvement-in.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Philippine National Police_
8. [Philippines-United States relations: U.S. President Barack Obama cancels a scheduled meeting with the President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte, after Duterte referred to Obama as a "son of a whore", while adding "I am no American puppet", in response to Obama's recent criticism of his war on drugs. ](/news/2016/09/5/philippines-united-states-relations-u-s-president-barack-obama-cancels-a-scheduled-meeting-with-the-president-of-the-philippines-rodrig.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Philippines-United States relations_
9. [Philippine Drug War: Philippines-United States relations: In response to American criticism of the Duterte regime, Filipino foreign secretary Perfecto Yasay says the Philippines cannot remain as the "little brown brother" of the United States. ](/news/2016/09/16/philippine-drug-war-philippines-united-states-relations-in-response-to-american-criticism-of-the-duterte-regime-filipino-foreign-secret.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Philippines-United States relations_
10. [Philippine Drug War: President Rodrigo Duterte releases a list of politicians, police officers and military personnel allegedly involved in the illicit drug trade. ](/news/2016/08/7/philippine-drug-war-president-rodrigo-duterte-releases-a-list-of-politicians-police-officers-and-military-personnel-allegedly-involved-in.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Philippine National Police_
