### [2016-10-27](/news/2016/10/27/index.md)

# United States Republican Party vice presidential candidate Mike Pence's campaign plane skids off the runway at LaGuardia Airport with no injuries reported. The runway is said to have sustained damage causing the closure of the airport; a planned fundraiser was also canceled. 

The aircraft slid off the runway during rainy conditions.


### Source:

1. [ABC](http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/mike-pence-plane-skids-off-runway-nycs-laguardia/story?id=43120056)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/10/27/politics/plane-carrying-pence-skids-off-runway/?sr=google_news)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-election-pence-idUSKCN12S007?il=0)

### Related:

1. [North Korean Vice Foreign Minister Han Song-ryol threatens to test missiles on a "weekly" basis, as United States Vice President Mike Pence warns the DPRK that the United States' "era of strategic patience" with the country was over. ](/news/2017/04/17/north-korean-vice-foreign-minister-han-song-ryol-threatens-to-test-missiles-on-a-weekly-basis-as-united-states-vice-president-mike-pence.md) _Context: Mike Pence_
2. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: The U.S. Pacific Command and South Korea's Joint Chiefs of Staff report that a North Korean missile, tested near the city of Sinpo on the country's east coast, blew up almost immediately after the launch, just hours before U.S. Vice President Mike Pence was due in South Korea for talks about the North's arms program. ](/news/2017/04/16/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-the-u-s-pacific-command-and-south-korea-s-joint-chiefs-of-staff-report-that-a-north-korean-mis.md) _Context: Mike Pence_
3. [ United States Vice President Mike Pence visits Alaska, where he meets with Governor Bill Walker and discusses stationing F-35 squadrons in the state. Pence is beginning a 10-day trip to South Korea, Australia, Indonesia and Japan. ](/news/2017/04/15/united-states-vice-president-mike-pence-visits-alaska-where-he-meets-with-governor-bill-walker-and-discusses-stationing-f-35-squadrons-in.md) _Context: Mike Pence_
4. [Cabinet of Donald Trump: The U.S. Senate confirms, via Vice President Mike Pence's unprecedented tie-breaking vote, Betsy DeVos as Secretary of Education. ](/news/2017/02/7/cabinet-of-donald-trump-the-u-s-senate-confirms-via-vice-president-mike-pence-s-unprecedented-tie-breaking-vote-betsy-devos-as-secretary.md) _Context: Mike Pence_
5. [United States presidential election, 2016: Democratic Senator Tim Kaine, and the Governor of Indiana Mike Pence hold the first and only vice-presidential debate of the 2016 presidential election at Longwood University in Farmville, Virginia. ](/news/2016/10/4/united-states-presidential-election-2016-democratic-senator-tim-kaine-and-the-governor-of-indiana-mike-pence-hold-the-first-and-only-vice.md) _Context: Mike Pence_
6. [Republican Party vice presidential candidate selection, 2016: Donald Trump chooses Indiana governor Mike Pence as his vice presidential running mate. ](/news/2016/07/15/republican-party-vice-presidential-candidate-selection-2016-donald-trump-chooses-indiana-governor-mike-pence-as-his-vice-presidential-runn.md) _Context: Mike Pence_
7. [U.S. reactions to November 2015 Paris attacks: The American Civil Liberties Union of Indiana sues Indiana Governor Mike Pence over his decision to block Syrian refugees from resettling in the state. The ACLU, on behalf of Indianapolis-based nonprofit Exodus Refugee Immigration, accuses Pence of violating the Equal Protection Clause of the Constitution by accepting refugees from other countries but not those from Syria. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-reactions-to-november-2015-paris-attacks-the-american-civil-liberties-union-of-indiana-sues-indiana-governor-mike-pence-over-his-decis.md) _Context: Mike Pence_
8. [Airport workers at seven of the busiest U.S. hubs plan to strike tonight and Thursday over wages and what they allege are threats against unionizing. The Service Employees International Union (SEIU) says some 2,000 plane cleaners, baggage handlers, and other workers will strike at New York City's Kennedy and LaGuardia airports, as well as Newark Liberty, Chicago O'Hare, Boston, Philadelphia, and Fort Lauderdale. ](/news/2015/11/18/airport-workers-at-seven-of-the-busiest-u-s-hubs-plan-to-strike-tonight-and-thursday-over-wages-and-what-they-allege-are-threats-against-un.md) _Context: LaGuardia Airport_
9. [A Delta Air Lines McDonnell Douglas MD-88 aircraft attempting to complete a snowing landing, veers to the left side off of a recently-plowed runway, thereby missing the end of runway emergency arresting device, and skids onto the edge of water embankment at LaGuardia Airport, New York, United States. ](/news/2015/03/5/a-delta-air-lines-mcdonnell-douglas-md-88-aircraft-attempting-to-complete-a-snowing-landing-veers-to-the-left-side-off-of-a-recently-plowed.md) _Context: LaGuardia Airport_
10. [A Southwest Airlines Boeing 737-700 "'crash-lands"' at New York's LaGuardia Airport, injuring ten passengers. ](/news/2013/07/22/a-southwest-airlines-boeing-737-700-crash-lands-at-new-york-s-laguardia-airport-injuring-ten-passengers.md) _Context: LaGuardia Airport_
