### [2011-07-10](/news/2011/07/10/index.md)

# The final edition of the ''News of the World'' is published in the United Kingdom. 

Rupert Murdoch&#039;s takeover of BSkyB appeared to be dead in the water last night after proof emerged that executives at his British newspaper empire mounted a cover-up of the full scale of alleged criminal wrongdoing at the News of the World.


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/media/blog/2011/jul/09/phone-hacking-newsoftheworld#block-25)
2. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/media/press/news-international-knew-hacking-was-widespread-in-2007-2311629.html)

### Related:

1. [''News of the World'' phone hacking affair:News International shuts down the British newspaper the ''News of the World'', as a result of a phone hacking affair, with the final edition coming out Sunday. ](/news/2011/07/7/news-of-the-world-phone-hacking-affair-pnews-international-shuts-down-the-british-newspaper-the-news-of-the-world-as-a-result-of-a.md) _Context: News International, News of the World, United Kingdom_
2. [The BBC reports that former ''News of the World'' editor Andy Coulson continued to receive a severance pay package from News International while working as Director of Communications for the Conservative Party. ](/news/2011/08/23/the-bbc-reports-that-former-news-of-the-world-editor-andy-coulson-continued-to-receive-a-severance-pay-package-from-news-international-w.md) _Context: News International, News of the World_
3. [''News of the World'' phone hacking scandal:MPs release a letter sent to News International in 2007 by former ''News of the World'' Royal editor Clive Goodman, in which he alleges senior staff at the newspaper were aware of phone hacking activities. ](/news/2011/08/16/news-of-the-world-phone-hacking-scandal-pmps-release-a-letter-sent-to-news-international-in-2007-by-former-news-of-the-world-royal-e.md) _Context: News International, News of the World_
4. [News International privacy breachesTen members of the British royal family  including the Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall are believed to be among the victims of the ''News of the World'' phone hacking affair. ](/news/2011/07/11/news-international-privacy-breachespten-members-of-the-british-royal-family-including-the-prince-of-wales-and-the-duchess-of-cornwall-are-b.md) _Context: News International, News of the World_
5. [ In the United Kingdom, the ''News of the World'' newspaper's royal editor Clive Goodman pleads guilty to conspiring to intercept the voicemail messages of Princes William and Harry. ](/news/2006/11/29/in-the-united-kingdom-the-news-of-the-world-newspaper-s-royal-editor-clive-goodman-pleads-guilty-to-conspiring-to-intercept-the-voicem.md) _Context: News of the World, United Kingdom_
6. [Vince Cable is acclaimed as Leader of the Liberal Democrats in the United Kingdom after running unopposed. ](/news/2017/07/20/vince-cable-is-acclaimed-as-leader-of-the-liberal-democrats-in-the-united-kingdom-after-running-unopposed.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
7. [The United Kingdom announces it is withdrawing from the 1964 London Fisheries Convention, which allows several European countries to fish within 6 to 12 nautical miles of each other's coastlines. ](/news/2017/07/2/the-united-kingdom-announces-it-is-withdrawing-from-the-1964-london-fisheries-convention-which-allows-several-european-countries-to-fish-wi.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
8. [Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-charter-08-is-suffering-fr.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
9. [The United Kingdom and Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation sponsor a summit that plans on raising funds for family planning in developing countries. ](/news/2017/07/11/the-united-kingdom-and-bill-melinda-gates-foundation-sponsor-a-summit-that-plans-on-raising-funds-for-family-planning-in-developing-countr.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
10. [The Trump Administration announces this year's presidential state visit to the United Kingdom is delayed until at least 2018. Both the White House and 10 Downing Street state the two countries had been unable to agree on a 2017 date. This planned visit has drawn protests in the United Kingdom since February, and more than 1.8 million signatures on a petition to Parliament to cancel the meeting.  ](/news/2017/07/11/the-trump-administration-announces-this-year-s-presidential-state-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-is-delayed-until-at-least-2018-both-the-white.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
