### [2009-12-2](/news/2009/12/2/index.md)

#  FIFA, the world governing body for association football, announce after an emergency session of their Executive Committee, that following the controversy over the Thierry Henry handball incident, it will set up an inquiry into the use of extra officials or technology, but any changes will not be implemented for the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa. Wikinews




### Related:

1. [Police in Nigeria seize the passports of four top football officials who were sacked after the national football team's poor performance at the 2010 FIFA World Cup leads to fraud allegations. ](/news/2010/07/16/police-in-nigeria-seize-the-passports-of-four-top-football-officials-who-were-sacked-after-the-national-football-team-s-poor-performance-at.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, association football_
2. [FIFA President Sepp Blatter rejects criticism of the 2010 FIFA World Cup. ](/news/2010/07/11/fifa-president-sepp-blatter-rejects-criticism-of-the-2010-fifa-world-cup.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, FIFA_
3. [FIFA receives a complaint about its security after a football fan breaks into the dressing room of the England national football team during a 2010 FIFA World Cup game in which the team were booed in South Africa. ](/news/2010/06/18/fifa-receives-a-complaint-about-its-security-after-a-football-fan-breaks-into-the-dressing-room-of-the-england-national-football-team-during.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, FIFA_
4. [FIFA says it will assist Al Jazeera Sports in its investigation of the 2010 FIFA World Cup signal sabotage. ](/news/2010/06/13/fifa-says-it-will-assist-al-jazeera-sports-in-its-investigation-of-the-2010-fifa-world-cup-signal-sabotage.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, FIFA_
5. [2010 FIFA World Cup:: The first African edition of the association football tournament begins in South Africa. ](/news/2010/06/11/2010-fifa-world-cup-the-first-african-edition-of-the-association-football-tournament-begins-in-south-africa.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, association football_
6. [ Protestors gather at the French Embassy in Dublin in a continuation of the dispute with FIFA over the controversial handball incident in the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualifying match between France and Republic of Ireland. ](/news/2009/11/21/protestors-gather-at-the-french-embassy-in-dublin-in-a-continuation-of-the-dispute-with-fifa-over-the-controversial-handball-incident-in-th.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, FIFA_
7. [ FIFA turns down the Football Association of Ireland's request for a rematch between France and Republic of Ireland, after a controversial handball decided the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification playoff between the two countries. ](/news/2009/11/20/fifa-turns-down-the-football-association-of-ireland-s-request-for-a-rematch-between-france-and-republic-of-ireland-after-a-controversial-h.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, FIFA_
8. [ Irish politicians, including Taoiseach Brian Cowen, call for a controversial football playoff for the 2010 FIFA World Cup between France and Republic of Ireland to be replayed as the Football Association of Ireland lodges an official complaint with FIFA. ](/news/2009/11/19/irish-politicians-including-taoiseach-brian-cowen-call-for-a-controversial-football-playoff-for-the-2010-fifa-world-cup-between-france-an.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, FIFA_
9. [ English Premier League football club Chelsea F.C. are barred from purchasing players on transfer until January 2011 by FIFA for inducing Gal Kakuta to illegally break his contract with French Ligue 1 club RC Lens in 2007. ](/news/2009/09/3/english-premier-league-football-club-chelsea-f-c-are-barred-from-purchasing-players-on-transfer-until-january-2011-by-fifa-for-inducing-ga.md) _Context: FIFA, association football_
10. [At least 11 people are killed and 16 others are injured after a gunman opens fire on football fans watching an English Premier League game near Juba, South Sudan. ](/news/2016/11/6/at-least-11-people-are-killed-and-16-others-are-injured-after-a-gunman-opens-fire-on-football-fans-watching-an-english-premier-league-game-n.md) _Context: association football_
