### [2009-12-2](/news/2009/12/2/index.md)

#  Indonesia bans the Australian film "Balibo", which follows the story of the Balibo Five, a group of journalists killed during the 1975 Indonesian invasion of East Timor. 

The Jakarta Foreign Correspondents Club (JFCC) decided to &quot;err on the side of caution&quot; in canceling a private screening Tuesday of Balibo, a movie about the death of five Australian journalists in the then East Timor in 1975, said JFCC president Jason Tedjasukman


### Source:

1. [AFP](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5jtNqINY7DAuO8ywsvuHA134Ch2rg)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/8390075.stm)
3. [Jakarta Post](http://www.thejakartapost.com/news/2009/12/02/balibo039-screening-canceled-deemed-too-risky039.html)
4. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/idUKTRE5B129O20091202?feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews)
4. [Cover Image](https://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png)

### Related:

1. [ A New South Wales coroner concludes that a group of five journalists, known as the Balibo Five, were deliberately killed by Indonesian forces in 1975 in order to prevent them exposing Indonesia's 1975 invasion of East Timor. ](/news/2007/11/15/a-new-south-wales-coroner-concludes-that-a-group-of-five-journalists-known-as-the-balibo-five-were-deliberately-killed-by-indonesian-forc.md) _Context: Balibo Five, Indonesia_
2. [ Indonesia declares the deaths of the Balibo Five to be a closed case despite a New South Wales coronial inquest into their deaths in Balibo, East Timor in 1975. ](/news/2007/03/2/indonesia-declares-the-deaths-of-the-balibo-five-to-be-a-closed-case-despite-a-new-south-wales-coronial-inquest-into-their-deaths-in-balibo.md) _Context: Balibo Five, Indonesia_
3. [ A New South Wales coroner issues a warrant for the arrest of Indonesian politician Yunus Yosfiah for failure to appear to give evidence in the coronial inquest into the death of the Balibo Five in Balibo, East Timor in 1975. ](/news/2007/03/1/a-new-south-wales-coroner-issues-a-warrant-for-the-arrest-of-indonesian-politician-yunus-yosfiah-for-failure-to-appear-to-give-evidence-in.md) _Context: Balibo Five, Indonesia_
4. [A magnitude 6.4 earthquake occurs off the Indonesian island of Sumatra. There are no reports of casualties or structural damage to buildings. ](/news/2017/08/13/a-magnitude-6-4-earthquake-occurs-off-the-indonesian-island-of-sumatra-there-are-no-reports-of-casualties-or-structural-damage-to-buildings.md) _Context: Indonesia_
5. [A rescue helicopter crashes while attempting to evacuate residents near the Dieng Volcanic Complex in Central Java, Indonesia, killing all eight people on board. ](/news/2017/07/3/a-rescue-helicopter-crashes-while-attempting-to-evacuate-residents-near-the-dieng-volcanic-complex-in-central-java-indonesia-killing-all-e.md) _Context: Indonesia_
6. [In alleged emulation of Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte's war on drugs, Indonesian President Joko Widodo announces orders for police to "shoot" suspected drug dealers without trial. ](/news/2017/07/23/in-alleged-emulation-of-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-war-on-drugs-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-announces-orders-for-police-to.md) _Context: Indonesia_
7. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Indonesia_
8. [Indonesia renames part of the South China Sea as "North Natuna Sea," angering China. ](/news/2017/07/15/indonesia-renames-part-of-the-south-china-sea-as-north-natuna-sea-angering-china.md) _Context: Indonesia_
9. [At a United Nations-Oceans summit, delegates from China, Indonesia, the Philippines and Thailand, four of the top polluters of plastic into the oceans, pledge to reduce their levels of oceanic plastic pollution. ](/news/2017/06/8/at-a-united-nations-oceans-summit-delegates-from-china-indonesia-the-philippines-and-thailand-four-of-the-top-polluters-of-plastic-into.md) _Context: Indonesia_
10. [Indonesia, Malaysia and the Philippines begin joint patrols in the pirate havens within the Celebes and Sulu Seas. ](/news/2017/06/19/indonesia-malaysia-and-the-philippines-begin-joint-patrols-in-the-pirate-havens-within-the-celebes-and-sulu-seas.md) _Context: Indonesia_
