### [2009-12-2](/news/2009/12/2/index.md)

#  Wikipedia is ordered by a senior British judge to breach its confidentiality after a woman pleaded for help in identifying an alleged blackmailer. 

A senior judge has ordered Wikipedia, the online encyclopedia, to disclose the identity of one of its contributors after a mother and her young child pleaded for help in identifying an alleged blackmailer.


### Source:

1. [Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/technology/wikipedia/6710237/Wikipedia-ordered-by-judge-to-break-confidentiality-of-contributor.html)

### Related:

1. [American billionaire Louis Bacon wins a judgement in the United Kingdom against Wikipedia, the "Denver Post" and WordPress about disclosure of identities of people who published allegedly defamatory comments although the judgement does not apply in the United States. ](/news/2011/05/9/american-billionaire-louis-bacon-wins-a-judgement-in-the-united-kingdom-against-wikipedia-the-denver-post-and-wordpress-about-disclosure.md) _Context: Britain, Wikipedia_
2. [Three people are arrested in the United Kingdom in connection with an alleged attempt to blackmail Coleen Rooney, the wife of Manchester United F.C. star Wayne Rooney. ](/news/2011/02/23/three-people-are-arrested-in-the-united-kingdom-in-connection-with-an-alleged-attempt-to-blackmail-coleen-rooney-the-wife-of-manchester-uni.md) _Context: Britain, blackmail_
3. [ The United Kingdom's Conservative Party admits to altering the Italian painter Titian's Wikipedia entry following a confrontation with Prime Minister Gordon Brown. ](/news/2009/02/11/the-united-kingdom-s-conservative-party-admits-to-altering-the-italian-painter-titian-s-wikipedia-entry-following-a-confrontation-with-prim.md) _Context: Britain, Wikipedia_
4. [Politics of Nigeria: Nigerian state television reports that President Muhammadu Buhari is back in the country after a three-month sick leave in Britain. ](/news/2017/08/19/politics-of-nigeria-nigerian-state-television-reports-that-president-muhammadu-buhari-is-back-in-the-country-after-a-three-month-sick-leave.md) _Context: Britain_
5. [Alternative fuel vehicles: Following a similar move in France, the United Kingdom is to ban the sale of petrol and diesel cars by 2040 in order to reduce air pollution. A new tax will also be levied on diesel car drivers in 2020. ](/news/2017/07/25/alternative-fuel-vehicles-following-a-similar-move-in-france-the-united-kingdom-is-to-ban-the-sale-of-petrol-and-diesel-cars-by-2040-in-or.md) _Context: Britain_
6. [MasterCard: A United Kingdom court blocks a GBP14 billion class action lawsuit against MasterCard. ](/news/2017/07/22/mastercard-a-united-kingdom-court-blocks-a-agbp14-billion-class-action-lawsuit-against-mastercard.md) _Context: Britain_
7. [Liberal Democrats leadership election, 2017: Vince Cable is acclaimed as Leader of the Liberal Democrats in the United Kingdom after running unopposed. ](/news/2017/07/20/liberal-democrats-leadership-election-2017-vince-cable-is-acclaimed-as-leader-of-the-liberal-democrats-in-the-united-kingdom-after-running.md) _Context: Britain_
8. [London Fisheries Convention: The United Kingdom announces it is withdrawing from the 1964 London Fisheries Convention, which allows several European countries to fish within 6 to 12 nautical miles of each other's coastlines. ](/news/2017/07/2/london-fisheries-convention-the-united-kingdom-announces-it-is-withdrawing-from-the-1964-london-fisheries-convention-which-allows-several.md) _Context: Britain_
9. [Human rights in China: Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/human-rights-in-china-nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-chart.md) _Context: Britain_
10. [United Kingdom-United States relations: The Trump Administration announces this year's presidential state visit to the United Kingdom is delayed until at least 2018. Both the White House and 10 Downing Street state the two countries had been unable to agree on a 2017 date. This planned visit has drawn protests in the United Kingdom since February, and more than 1.8 million signatures on a petition to Parliament to cancel the meeting. ](/news/2017/07/11/united-kingdom-united-states-relations-the-trump-administration-announces-this-year-s-presidential-state-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-is-d.md) _Context: Britain_
