### [2003-01-3](/news/2003/01/3/index.md)

#  College football: At the Fiesta Bowl in Tempe, Arizona, the Ohio State University Buckeyes defeated the University of Miami (Florida) Hurricanes, 31-24, to win the national championship. Willis McGahee blows up his knee in his eventual final game as a Miami Hurricane and Maurice Clarett concludes his Buckeyes career as a National Bowl Champion before challenging the NFL on entering the 2003 NFL Draft.




### Related:

1. [Former NFL player Darren Sharper pleads guilty in a Maricopa County, Arizona courtroom to raping two women after spiking their drinks at a Tempe apartment in November 2013, and the court sentences him to nine years in prison. Sharper has also been indicted on charges of sexually assaulting women in the U.S. states of California, Louisiana, and Nevada. ](/news/2015/03/23/former-nfl-player-darren-sharper-pleads-guilty-in-a-maricopa-county-arizona-courtroom-to-raping-two-women-after-spiking-their-drinks-at-a-t.md) _Context: National Football League, Tempe_
2. [ The United States Coast Guard searches Florida's west coast for a fishing vessel carrying National Football League players Marquis Cooper and Corey Smith. ](/news/2009/03/1/the-united-states-coast-guard-searches-florida-s-west-coast-for-a-fishing-vessel-carrying-national-football-league-players-marquis-cooper-a.md) _Context: Florida, National Football League_
3. [ The University of Florida Gators defeat the Ohio State Buckeyes 84-75 in the 2007 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament championship game, becoming the first school in Division I history to win both the men's college basketball and college football titles in the same academic year. ](/news/2007/04/2/the-university-of-florida-gators-defeat-the-ohio-state-buckeyes-84-75-in-the-2007-ncaa-men-s-division-i-basketball-tournament-championship.md) _Context: Ohio State University, college football_
4. [ Incumbent president George W. Bush and challenger Senator John F. Kerry meet at the University of Miami, Florida, in the first of three presidential debates in the run-up to the 2004 U.S. presidential election. Nielsen Media Research later reports 62.5 million people watched the debate. (Transcript) ](/news/2004/09/30/incumbent-president-george-w-bush-and-challenger-senator-john-f-kerry-meet-at-the-university-of-miami-florida-in-the-first-of-three-pre.md) _Context: Florida, University of Miami_
5. [Hurricane Irma is now a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph (215 km/h). Hurricane warnings are issued for the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean, which are expected to be affected Tuesday. Rainfalls of up to 10 inches (25 centimeters) are possible. Irma is forecast to strengthen over the next 48 hours. The governors of Puerto Rico and Florida issue states of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/4/hurricane-irma-is-now-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph-215-km-h-hurricane-warnings-are-issued-for-the-leewa.md) _Context: Florida_
6. [Hurricane Irma makes landfall in Florida as a category 4 hurricane, killing at least three people and knocking out power to over one million households. ](/news/2017/09/10/hurricane-irma-makes-landfall-in-florida-as-a-category-4-hurricane-killing-at-least-three-people-and-knocking-out-power-to-over-one-million.md) _Context: Florida_
7. [A study, published in the "Journal of the American Medical Association", finds that 99 percent of the brains donated for scientific research by deceased National Football League players show signs of chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE), the disease identified in autopsies of numerous NFL players who have committed suicide, and the subject of the 2015 movie "Concussion". ](/news/2017/07/25/a-study-published-in-the-journal-of-the-american-medical-association-finds-that-99-percent-of-the-brains-donated-for-scientific-research.md) _Context: National Football League_
8. [A discharged 45-year-old former employee shoots and kills five people at a manufacturing business in Orlando, Florida, United States. The shooter took his own life afterwards. Eight others inside the workplace survived. ](/news/2017/06/5/a-discharged-45-year-old-former-employee-shoots-and-kills-five-people-at-a-manufacturing-business-in-orlando-florida-united-states-the-sh.md) _Context: Florida_
9. [The United States Air Force's unmanned spacecraft X-37B successfully lands at Kennedy Space Center's Shuttle Landing Facility in Merritt Island, Florida, after spending a record-breaking 718 days in orbit. The landing was responsible for reports of sonic booms across central Florida. ](/news/2017/05/7/the-united-states-air-force-s-unmanned-spacecraft-x-37b-successfully-lands-at-kennedy-space-center-s-shuttle-landing-facility-in-merritt-isl.md) _Context: Florida_
10. [United States senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-states-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-it.md) _Context: Florida_
