### [2003-01-3](/news/2003/01/3/index.md)

#  In Bouake, Ivory Coast, French Foreign Minister Dominique de Villepin met with political leaders of the Patriotic Movement of the Ivory Coast, who agreed to participate in negotiations to be held in Paris, France, the week of January 15, 2003. However, two independent rebel groups in the west of the country, assisted by fighters from Liberia, have seized villages and the cocoa crops inside those villages, forcing residents to flee to the port of San Pedro with no possessions. One-fifth of the world's cocoa crop passes through San Pedro. A French unit is guarding the port.




### Related:

1. [Ivory Coast resumes exports of cocoa after a political crisis and brief civil war. ](/news/2011/05/10/ivory-coast-resumes-exports-of-cocoa-after-a-political-crisis-and-brief-civil-war.md) _Context: Ivory Coast, cocoa_
2. [Laurent Gbagbo, the President of Ivory Coast, nationalises the coffee and cocoa industries which are the Ivory Coast's two biggest crops. ](/news/2011/03/7/laurent-gbagbo-the-president-of-ivory-coast-nationalises-the-coffee-and-cocoa-industries-which-are-the-ivory-coast-s-two-biggest-crops.md) _Context: Ivory Coast, cocoa_
3. [Fighting erupts in western Ivory Coast between rebels and forces loyal to incumbent President Laurent Gbagbo, with injured people crossing into Liberia. ](/news/2011/03/6/fighting-erupts-in-western-ivory-coast-between-rebels-and-forces-loyal-to-incumbent-president-laurent-gbagbo-with-injured-people-crossing-i.md) _Context: Ivory Coast, Liberia_
4. [Internationally recognised President of Ivory Coast Alassane Ouattara calls for a halt to cocoa and coffee exports to cut off funding for incumbent President Laurent Gbagbo. ](/news/2011/01/24/internationally-recognised-president-of-ivory-coast-alassane-ouattara-calls-for-a-halt-to-cocoa-and-coffee-exports-to-cut-off-funding-for-in.md) _Context: Ivory Coast, cocoa_
5. [ The first 49 of a promised 1,264 West African peacekeepers arrive at Abidjan, Ivory Coast, to help supervise the cease-fire between the government of President Laurent Gbagbo and the main rebel group, the Patriotic Movement of the Ivory Coast. Rebellion against the Gbagbo government began September 19, 2002. The Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) agreed to send peacekeepers on September 29. The EECOWAS peacekeepers will join 2,500 French forces. Rebel groups occupy the northern half of Ivory Coast.](/news/2003/01/2/the-first-49-of-a-promised-1-264-west-african-peacekeepers-arrive-at-abidjan-ivory-coast-to-help-supervise-the-cease-fire-between-the-gov.md) _Context: Ivory Coast, Patriotic Movement of the Ivory Coast_
6. [The United States Navy's USS "John S. McCain" collides with the Liberian-flagged "Alnic" MC near Singapore. Rescue efforts are underway with ten sailors reported as missing. ](/news/2017/08/21/the-united-states-navy-s-uss-john-s-mccain-collides-with-the-liberian-flagged-alnic-mc-near-singapore-rescue-efforts-are-underway-with.md) _Context: Liberia_
7. [Equatorial Guinea, Ivory Coast, Kuwait, Peru and Poland are elected to the United Nations Security Council for a two-year term beginning on January 1, 2018. ](/news/2017/06/2/equatorial-guinea-ivory-coast-kuwait-peru-and-poland-are-elected-to-the-united-nations-security-council-for-a-two-year-term-beginning-on.md) _Context: Ivory Coast_
8. [A trial at a court in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso, opens to try former President Blaise Compaor and members of his cabinet in absentia. Burkina Faso accuses Compaor, who is in exile in the Ivory Coast, of ordering the killing of protesters during the uprising that ousted him in 2014. ](/news/2017/05/15/a-trial-at-a-court-in-ouagadougou-burkina-faso-opens-to-try-former-president-blaise-compaore-and-members-of-his-cabinet-in-absentia-burki.md) _Context: Ivory Coast_
9. [Ivorian soldiers block access to Bouak, the second-largest city in Ivory Coast amid a dispute over pay. The town of Odienn is also reported to be under mutineer control. ](/news/2017/05/13/ivorian-soldiers-block-access-to-bouake-the-second-largest-city-in-ivory-coast-amid-a-dispute-over-pay-the-town-of-odienne-is-also-reporte.md) _Context: Ivory Coast_
10. [Dutch businessman Guus Kouwenhoven is found guilty of war crimes and arms trafficking for using his lumber business to sell weapons to Liberia's former president Charles Taylor during the country's civil war between 2000 and 2003 and is sentenced to 19 years in prison. ](/news/2017/04/22/dutch-businessman-guus-kouwenhoven-is-found-guilty-of-war-crimes-and-arms-trafficking-for-using-his-lumber-business-to-sell-weapons-to-liber.md) _Context: Liberia_
