### [2003-01-3](/news/2003/01/3/index.md)

#  Journalist Geoff Mackley reports after a helicopter mission that the Cyclone Zoe led to no casualties on the island of Tikopia, even though devastation was enormous. The 1,000 inhabitants of the island survived in caves. Reports that they had already resumed their daily occupations like fishing are misleading: they were "fishing" for their possessions that were blown out to sea. The situation on the island of Anuta with 600 inhabitants is not known yet.




### Related:

1. [ A Royal Australian Air Force C-130 Hercules overflew the islands of Tikopia and Anuta in the Solomon Islands to inspect damage by Cyclone Zoe. The overflight carried officials of the Australian government agency AusAID. Reports show that there was damage to crops and traditional homes, but there may be no casualties among the islands' 1,600 inhabitants.](/news/2003/01/1/a-royal-australian-air-force-c-130-hercules-overflew-the-islands-of-tikopia-and-anuta-in-the-solomon-islands-to-inspect-damage-by-cyclone-z.md) _Context: Anuta, Tikopia_
2. [The Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) launches cyclone detection satellite SCATSAT-1, and seven other satellites into orbit from the Satish Dhawan Space Centre in Sriharikota. The launch successfully demonstrates the Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle's capability of placing satellites in multiple orbits in a single launch. ](/news/2016/09/26/the-indian-space-research-organisation-isro-launches-cyclone-detection-satellite-scatsat-1-and-seven-other-satellites-into-orbit-from-the.md) _Context: cyclone_
3. [At least 18 people are dead after Cyclone Cleopatra hits the Italian island of Sardinia, causing heavy floods. ](/news/2013/11/19/at-least-18-people-are-dead-after-cyclone-cleopatra-hits-the-italian-island-of-sardinia-causing-heavy-floods.md) _Context: cyclone_
4. [ Myanmar state government reports that the death toll from the cyclone has reached 22,000, with 41,000 people missing. ](/news/2008/05/6/myanmar-state-government-reports-that-the-death-toll-from-the-cyclone-has-reached-22-000-with-41-000-people-missing.md) _Context: cyclone_
5. [ The United Nations is warning that another cyclone could be forming near Myanmar which was devastated by Cyclone Nargis. ](/news/2008/05/14/the-united-nations-is-warning-that-another-cyclone-could-be-forming-near-myanmar-which-was-devastated-by-cyclone-nargis.md) _Context: cyclone_
6. [ Cyclone Sidr: The death toll from the cyclone rises to 2,000 after it hits central and southern Bangladesh. ](/news/2007/11/17/cyclone-sidr-the-death-toll-from-the-cyclone-rises-to-2-000-after-it-hits-central-and-southern-bangladesh.md) _Context: cyclone_
7. [ Winds equivalent to a Category 2 cyclone buffet the Byron Bay area of New South Wales before moving north to the Gold Coast area of Queensland. ](/news/2007/08/21/winds-equivalent-to-a-category-2-cyclone-buffet-the-byron-bay-area-of-new-south-wales-before-moving-north-to-the-gold-coast-area-of-queensl.md) _Context: cyclone_
8. [ At least ten people drown and thousands move to higher ground as a cyclone hits Balochistan, Pakistan. ](/news/2007/06/27/at-least-ten-people-drown-and-thousands-move-to-higher-ground-as-a-cyclone-hits-balochistan-pakistan.md) _Context: cyclone_
9. [ A state of emergency is announced in Samoa and American Samoa as South Pacific cyclones Olaf and Nancy make landfall on Savai'i. ](/news/2005/02/15/a-state-of-emergency-is-announced-in-samoa-and-american-samoa-as-south-pacific-cyclones-olaf-and-nancy-make-landfall-on-savai-i.md) _Context: cyclone_
10. [ A powerful cyclone hits the coast of southern Brazil. Brazilian and U.S. meteorologists disagree over whether Cyclone Catarina is a hurricane, the first ever recorded in the South Atlantic. ](/news/2004/03/27/a-powerful-cyclone-hits-the-coast-of-southern-brazil-brazilian-and-u-s-meteorologists-disagree-over-whether-cyclone-catarina-is-a-hurrica.md) _Context: cyclone_
