### [2015-09-20](/news/2015/09/20/index.md)

# After having arrived in Havana, Cuba the day before, Pope Francis, in the third trip by an incumbent Pope to Cuba, presides over a Papal Mass in Havana's Plaza de la Revolucin, and pleads for Colombia and the FARC rebels to make a final peace, also noting the better relations between the U.S., which he will visit next, and Cuba. He holds a meeting with Cuban President Raul Castro, and meets for a talk and exchange of gifts with former Cuban President Fidel Castro. 

After holding Mass in Havana and meeting with Fidel Castro Sunday, Pope Francis will have another busy day today in Cuba as part of his 10-day visit to that country and the United States. The pontiff will leave Havana this morning and travel to the town of Holguin, where he will conduct Mass. Then...


### Source:

1. [ABC](http://abcnews.go.com/International/pope-francis-havana-cuba-trip/story?id=33912256)
2. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/09/21/world/americas/pope-francis-cuba.html?_r=0)
3. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/videos/news/world/2015/09/20/72535168/)
4. [WSJ](http://www.wsj.com/articles/pope-celebrates-mass-in-havana-1442768643)

### Related:

1. [The President of Cuba, Raul Castro, is received in an official private audience with Pope Francis, who will become the third Pope to visit the still officially Communist island before visiting the U.S. this October. Some restrictions on exercise of religion, and a few restrictions on other rights, have been lifted or relaxed, especially after Pope John Paul II's historic 1998 meeting with Fidel Castro, Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI's trip during his reign, and especially in 2014 and earlier this year, after Raul and Francis and U.S. President Barack Obama's diplomatic team dramatically improved U.S.-Cuba relations. President Castro went there to thank Francis, whom he publicly has stated his admiration for, for his efforts, and spoke of the possibility of converting and of officially restoring the Church. ](/news/2015/05/10/the-president-of-cuba-raul-castro-is-received-in-an-official-private-audience-with-pope-francis-who-will-become-the-third-pope-to-visit-t.md) _Context: Fidel Castro, Raul Castro_
2. [ The National Assembly of People's Power unanimously selects Ral Castro to succeed his brother Fidel as President of Cuba. ](/news/2008/02/24/the-national-assembly-of-people-s-power-unanimously-selects-raul-castro-to-succeed-his-brother-fidel-as-president-of-cuba.md) _Context: Fidel Castro, Raul Castro_
3. [ Fidel Castro temporarily transfers the duties of the Cuban presidency to brother Ral during a surgical operation. ](/news/2006/07/31/fidel-castro-temporarily-transfers-the-duties-of-the-cuban-presidency-to-brother-raul-during-a-surgical-operation.md) _Context: Fidel Castro, Raul Castro_
4. [Pope Francis, responding to rebel leader Rodrigo Londono's open letter asking for forgiveness for the suffering the group had inflicted on the country, during his talk in Villavicencio urges Colombians skeptical of the peace deal to be open to reconciliation. ](/news/2017/09/8/pope-francis-responding-to-rebel-leader-rodrigo-londono-s-open-letter-asking-for-forgiveness-for-the-suffering-the-group-had-inflicted-on-t.md) _Context: rebel leader_
5. [The United Nations confirms that the FARC has completed its disarmament process, with former rebels due to make the transition to civilian life and the group to transform into a legal political party in the country. ](/news/2017/06/26/the-united-nations-confirms-that-the-farc-has-completed-its-disarmament-process-with-former-rebels-due-to-make-the-transition-to-civilian-l.md) _Context: rebel leader_
6. [According to the United Nations, as many as 96 families have been displaced by criminal gangs who are filling the vacuum left by FARC rebels in Colombia after the latter signed a peace deal with the government last year. ](/news/2017/02/18/according-to-the-united-nations-as-many-as-96-families-have-been-displaced-by-criminal-gangs-who-are-filling-the-vacuum-left-by-farc-rebels.md) _Context: rebel leader_
7. [The remains of former Cuban leader Fidel Castro are interred beside independence leader Jose Marti. ](/news/2016/12/4/the-remains-of-former-cuban-leader-fidel-castro-are-interred-beside-independence-leader-josa-c-marta.md) _Context: Fidel Castro_
8. [As part of an ongoing peace process, the Congress of Colombia approves an amnesty law for thousands of demobilizing FARC rebels. The amnesty does not apply to FARC rebels who have committed war crimes or human rights violations. ](/news/2016/12/28/as-part-of-an-ongoing-peace-process-the-congress-of-colombia-approves-an-amnesty-law-for-thousands-of-demobilizing-farc-rebels-the-amnesty.md) _Context: rebel leader_
9. [Cuba's National Assembly of People's Power approves a law banning commemorative statues of late President Fidel Castro, and the naming of public places after him, in accordance with the wishes of Castro, who died last month. ](/news/2016/12/27/cuba-s-national-assembly-of-people-s-power-approves-a-law-banning-commemorative-statues-of-late-president-fidel-castro-and-the-naming-of-pu.md) _Context: Fidel Castro_
10. [The Congress of Colombia unanimously approves a peace deal between the Government and rebel group FARC to end the Colombian conflict. ](/news/2016/11/30/the-congress-of-colombia-unanimously-approves-a-peace-deal-between-the-government-and-rebel-group-farc-to-end-the-colombian-conflict.md) _Context: rebel leader_
