### [2015-09-20](/news/2015/09/20/index.md)

# Some 26 migrants are feared missing after a dinghy carrying them sinks off the coast of the Greek island of Lesbos. The Greek Coast Guard rescued 20 people who were spotted in the water by Frontex, EU's border agency. 

The Italian coastguard has said nearly 4,700 migrants were rescued from boats in the Mediterranean yesterday, releasing video of the rescue operations at sea.


### Source:

1. [AP via WSB-TV2](http://www.wsbtv.com/news/ap/top-news/greek-coast-guard-searching-for-26-missing-migrant/nnjZ8/)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-34307745)
3. [RTE](http://www.rte.ie/news/2015/0920/729049-migrants/)
4. [i24 News](http://www.i24news.tv/en/news/international/86378-150920-13-000-migrants-arrive-in-austria-aid-agency)

### Related:

1. [ The Greek coast guard and the European Union border agency Frontex, in six separate operations, rescue a total of 383 migrants attempting to sail from Turkey to the eastern Greek islands. ](/news/2015/11/7/the-greek-coast-guard-and-the-european-union-border-agency-frontex-in-six-separate-operations-rescue-a-total-of-383-migrants-attempting-t.md) _Context: European Union, European migrant crisis, Frontex, Greek Coast Guard_
2. [Germany announces plans to start deporting newly-arrived migrants to Greece starting in March. According to EU's Dublin Regulation, asylum seekers must file for asylum in the member state they arrived in. ](/news/2017/01/12/germany-announces-plans-to-start-deporting-newly-arrived-migrants-to-greece-starting-in-march-according-to-eu-s-dublin-regulation-asylum-s.md) _Context: European Union, European migrant crisis, Greek_
3. [Two people are killed and two others injured after a fire breaks out in a migrant camp on the Greek island of Lesbos. The cause is currently under investigation, although some believe the fire was deliberately started in protest of poor living conditions, after a 66-year-old woman and a six-year-old child were killed in a gas explosion. ](/news/2016/11/25/two-people-are-killed-and-two-others-injured-after-a-fire-breaks-out-in-a-migrant-camp-on-the-greek-island-of-lesbos-the-cause-is-currently.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek, Lesbos_
4. [Police in northern Greece move more than 400 Syrians and Iraqis by bus from a makeshift camp near the Macedonian border to a shelter near the northern city of Thessaloniki. More than 50,000 migrants remain stranded in Greece following European border closures, and the European Union's agreement with Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/13/police-in-northern-greece-move-more-than-400-syrians-and-iraqis-by-bus-from-a-makeshift-camp-near-the-macedonian-border-to-a-shelter-near-th.md) _Context: European Union, European migrant crisis, Greek_
5. [Clashes break out between migrants and riot police at the Moria camp on the Greek island of Lesbos after a policeman reportedly hit a minor. The violence occurred as a Greek migration minister was visiting the center. Several refugees/migrants are reported injured. ](/news/2016/04/26/clashes-break-out-between-migrants-and-riot-police-at-the-ma2ria-camp-on-the-greek-island-of-lesbos-after-a-policeman-reportedly-hit-a-minor.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek, Lesbos_
6. [Pope Francis arrives on the Greek island of Lesbos. Francis is expected to visit the Moria detention facility, where he will have lunch with some of the 3,060 men, women, and children there. ](/news/2016/04/16/pope-francis-arrives-on-the-greek-island-of-lesbos-francis-is-expected-to-visit-the-moria-detention-facility-where-he-will-have-lunch-with.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek, Lesbos_
7. [The European Union launches a new aid program worth an initial 700 million euros (US$760 million) to address the growing refugee crisis in Greece. EU Humanitarian Aid Commissioner Christos Stylianides says the so-called Emergency Assistance Instrument will be used to help migrants trapped in Greece and, if needed, in other countries on the migration route front lines. Approval by a majority of EU members is required. The next EU meeting is scheduled for Monday. ](/news/2016/03/2/the-european-union-launches-a-new-aid-program-worth-an-initial-700-million-euros-us-760-million-to-address-the-growing-refugee-crisis-in-g.md) _Context: European Union, European migrant crisis, Greek_
8. [At least 27 migrants die in a shipwreck in the Aegean Sea when a boat capsizes in the Turkish bay of Edremit, near the Greek island of Lesbos. ](/news/2016/02/8/at-least-27-migrants-die-in-a-shipwreck-in-the-aegean-sea-when-a-boat-capsizes-in-the-turkish-bay-of-edremit-near-the-greek-island-of-lesbo.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek, Lesbos_
9. [Greece recalls its ambassador to Austria in response to Austria's hosting of a meeting with Balkan states, to which Greece was not invited, about European migrant crisis policies that would make it harder for migrants to head north across Europe. Greece's foreign ministry called the move an "unfriendly act." More than 100,000 migrants have entered the EU illegally so far in 2016, nearly all of them arriving in Greece. ](/news/2016/02/25/greece-recalls-its-ambassador-to-austria-in-response-to-austria-s-hosting-of-a-meeting-with-balkan-states-to-which-greece-was-not-invited.md) _Context: European Union, European migrant crisis, Greek_
10. [Greece faces suspension or expulsion from the European Union's Schengen Area if it can not prevent waves of migrants from crossing over the country into Macedonia. ](/news/2016/01/25/greece-faces-suspension-or-expulsion-from-the-european-union-s-schengen-area-if-it-can-not-prevent-waves-of-migrants-from-crossing-over-the.md) _Context: European Union, European migrant crisis, Greek_
