### [2015-09-20](/news/2015/09/20/index.md)

# Volkswagen halts sales of its 4-cylinder diesel vehicles in the United States following a U.S. Environmental Protection Agency citation that their cars violated U.S. emissions standards. 

Volkswagen halted sales of its diesel cars after revelations that it used illegal software to cheat emissions testing. Read more at AutoGuide.com.


### Source:

1. [Auto Guide](http://www.autoguide.com/auto-news/2015/09/volkswagen-halts-sales-of-diesel-cars-for-software-cheat.html)
2. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/money/cars/2015/09/20/volkswagen-ceo-martin-winterkorn-apologizes-epa-clean-air-act-emissions-violations/72519678/)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency orders Volkswagen to fix nearly 500,000 VW and Audi diesel cars from model years 2009-2015 that include software that circumvents EPA emissions standards. The company's illegal use of so-called "defeat devices" threaten public health, in some cases releasing 40 times the pollution standard of nitrogen oxide emissions. The company faces possible U.S. fines of up to $37,500 per vehicle for the violations which could total more than $18 billion. ](/news/2015/09/18/the-u-s-environmental-protection-agency-orders-volkswagen-to-fix-nearly-500-000-vw-and-audi-diesel-cars-from-model-years-2009-2015-that-inc.md) _Context: U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, Volkswagen, Volkswagen emissions violations, diesel-powered, emissions-cheating_
2. [Volkswagen executives admit the diesel emissions cheating was the result of a collection of failures within the company, rather than just the actions of rogue engineers. In 2005, VW began working on software after they were unable to find an affordable technical solution to U.S. nitrogen oxide emissions standards. ](/news/2015/12/10/volkswagen-executives-admit-the-diesel-emissions-cheating-was-the-result-of-a-collection-of-failures-within-the-company-rather-than-just-th.md) _Context: United States, Volkswagen, diesel-powered_
3. [The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and California's CARB are widening the Volkswagen investigation into several more expensive VW, Porsche, and Audi automobiles with 3.0-liter diesel engines in model years 2014 through 2016. Volkswagen says it installed no defeat device software on its 3.0 litre V6 diesel cars and is cooperating with the agency to fully investigate the matter. ](/news/2015/11/2/the-u-s-environmental-protection-agency-epa-and-california-s-carb-are-widening-the-volkswagen-investigation-into-several-more-expensive-v.md) _Context: U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, Volkswagen, diesel-powered_
4. [Former Volkswagen engineer James Liang is sentenced by U.S. District Court Judge Sean Cox to 40 months in prison and a $200,000 fine for his role in the decade-long scheme to cheat on federal emissions tests for diesel-powered cars sold in the United States. He is the first company employee sent to prison in the scandal. ](/news/2017/08/25/former-volkswagen-engineer-james-liang-is-sentenced-by-u-s-district-court-judge-sean-cox-to-40-months-in-prison-and-a-200-000-fine-for-his.md) _Context: Volkswagen, diesel-powered_
5. [Volkswagen agrees to pay $175 million to United States lawyers suing the German automaker on behalf of the owners of 475,000 polluting vehicles. ](/news/2016/10/14/volkswagen-agrees-to-pay-175-million-to-united-states-lawyers-suing-the-german-automaker-on-behalf-of-the-owners-of-475-000-polluting-vehic.md) _Context: United States, Volkswagen_
6. [Volkswagen faces settlement costs of $15 billion to settle lawsuits in the United States resulting from the rigging of emissions tests. ](/news/2016/06/27/volkswagen-faces-settlement-costs-of-15-billion-to-settle-lawsuits-in-the-united-states-resulting-from-the-rigging-of-emissions-tests.md) _Context: United States, Volkswagen_
7. [Volkswagen and United States officials agree in principle on a deal where the automaker could buy back up to 500,000 diesel cars. ](/news/2016/04/20/volkswagen-and-united-states-officials-agree-in-principle-on-a-deal-where-the-automaker-could-buy-back-up-to-500-000-diesel-cars.md) _Context: United States, diesel-powered_
8. [Volkswagen says it has found faulty emissions readings for the first time in gasoline-powered vehicles, widening a scandal that so far had centered on diesel engines. ](/news/2015/11/3/volkswagen-says-it-has-found-faulty-emissions-readings-for-the-first-time-in-gasoline-powered-vehicles-widening-a-scandal-that-so-far-had-c.md) _Context: Volkswagen, diesel-powered_
9. [Martin Winterkorn resigns as the CEO of Volkswagen as a result of an emissions cheating scandal. ](/news/2015/09/23/martin-winterkorn-resigns-as-the-ceo-of-volkswagen-as-a-result-of-an-emissions-cheating-scandal.md) _Context: Volkswagen, Volkswagen emissions violations_
10. [Volkswagen says that 11 million vehicles could have suspect emission control software and it has set aside 6.5 billion euros ($7.2 billion US dollars) for possible fines, repairs, and litigation. ](/news/2015/09/22/volkswagen-says-that-11-million-vehicles-could-have-suspect-emission-control-software-and-it-has-set-aside-6-5-billion-euros-7-2-billion-u.md) _Context: Volkswagen, Volkswagen emissions violations_
