### [2015-05-31](/news/2015/05/31/index.md)

# Key sections of the Patriot Act expire at midnight (Eastern Daylight Time) due to failure of the United States Senate to agree to an extension. It is highly likely that USA Freedom Act will be passed soon, but the bulk collection of domestic telephone data by the National Security Agency is expected to end. 

WASHINGTON — Key sections of the Patriot Act anti-terrorism law will expire at midnight Sunday because the Senate was unable to reach agreement to speed up passage of a bipartisan compromise.


### Source:

1. [Time](http://time.com/3902493/patriot-act-vote/)
2. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2015/05/31/nsa-cia-data-collection/28259481/)

### Related:

1. [The United States Senate passes the USA Freedom Act, which will transfer the responsibility of Americans' bulk telephone metadata collection from the National Security Agency to telephone companies. ](/news/2015/06/2/the-united-states-senate-passes-the-usa-freedom-act-which-will-transfer-the-responsibility-of-americans-bulk-telephone-metadata-collection.md) _Context: National Security Agency, Senator, USA Freedom Act_
2. [The United States Senate adjourns without agreeing either to reform the National Security Agency or extend the Patriot Act which is due to expire at the end of this month. ](/news/2015/05/23/the-united-states-senate-adjourns-without-agreeing-either-to-reform-the-national-security-agency-or-extend-the-patriot-act-which-is-due-to-e.md) _Context: National Security Agency, Patriot Act, Senator_
3. [ President Barack Obama signs the bill, reinstating expired provisions of the Patriot Act while reforming Section 215 of the Act. ](/news/2015/06/4/president-barack-obama-signs-the-bill-reinstating-expired-provisions-of-the-patriot-act-while-reforming-section-215-of-the-act.md) _Context: Patriot Act, USA Freedom Act_
4. [Parts of the Patriot Act expire at 12:01 a.m. due to Congressional failure to reform the USA Freedom Act, temporarily making new surveillance of telephone records by the NSA illegal. ](/news/2015/06/1/parts-of-the-patriot-act-expire-at-12-01-a-m-due-to-congressional-failure-to-reform-the-usa-freedom-act-temporarily-making-new-surveillanc.md) _Context: Patriot Act, USA Freedom Act_
5. [A three-judge panel of the U.S. Second Circuit Court of Appeals rules that the National Security Agency's mass surveillance of telephones metadata is illegal under the Patriot Act. ](/news/2015/05/7/a-three-judge-panel-of-the-u-s-second-circuit-court-of-appeals-rules-that-the-national-security-agency-s-mass-surveillance-of-telephones-me.md) _Context: National Security Agency, Patriot Act_
6. [The United States House of Representatives votes overwhelmingly to end the mass collection of Americans' phone data with the USA Freedom Act passing 338-88 (79%). The bill's passage through the Senate is less certain. ](/news/2015/05/13/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-overwhelmingly-to-end-the-mass-collection-of-americans-phone-data-with-the-usa-freedom-act.md) _Context: Senator, USA Freedom Act_
7. [Neil Gorsuch is confirmed as the 113th justice of the Supreme Court of the United States by a 54-45 vote in the United States Senate after invocation of the "nuclear option". ](/news/2017/04/7/neil-gorsuch-is-confirmed-as-the-113th-justice-of-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-by-a-54a45-vote-in-the-united-states-senate-after.md) _Context: Senator_
8. [Speaking for the National Rifle Association, President of the United States Donald Trump says Pocahontas may be his Democratic opponent in the 2020 United States presidential election, apparently referring to Senator Elizabeth Warren. ](/news/2017/04/28/speaking-for-the-national-rifle-association-president-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-says-pocahontas-may-be-his-democratic-opponent-in-t.md) _Context: Senator_
9. [The Shadow Brokers group releases files allegedly from the National Security Agency which indicate efforts to monitor financial transactions made through the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication. ](/news/2017/04/14/the-shadow-brokers-group-releases-files-allegedly-from-the-national-security-agency-which-indicate-efforts-to-monitor-financial-transactions.md) _Context: National Security Agency_
10. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _Context: Senator_
