### [2015-05-31](/news/2015/05/31/index.md)

# Sinai insurgency: Egyptian security officials report that militants have blown up a natural gas pipeline leading to Israel outside El-Arish, the provincial capital of North Sinai. That pipeline was attacked at least 20 times in the last 5 years. 




### Source:

1. [AP via KFox](http://www.kfoxtv.com/template/inews_wire/wires.international/23422c99-www.kfoxtv.com.shtml#.VWrJA8-qpBd)

### Related:

1. [Natural gas supplies to Jordan and Israel are hit by an explosion in the Arab Gas Pipeline in the town of Arish in North Sinai near Egypt's border with Israel with an armed group believed responsible. ](/news/2011/04/27/natural-gas-supplies-to-jordan-and-israel-are-hit-by-an-explosion-in-the-arab-gas-pipeline-in-the-town-of-arish-in-north-sinai-near-egypt-s.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, North Sinai, natural gas_
2. [Sinai insurgency: Four Egyptian security personnel are killed and another four are injured by a roadside bomb near the border town Rafah in the Sinai Peninsula. Islamist militants are suspected to have remotely detonated the device as an armored vehicle drove by the town's center, near the border with the Gaza Strip and Israel, security sources told Ahram Online. ](/news/2015/12/8/sinai-insurgency-four-egyptian-security-personnel-are-killed-and-another-four-are-injured-by-a-roadside-bomb-near-the-border-town-rafah-in.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, Sinai insurgency_
3. [Sinai insurgency: Israel intercepts and destroys a Grad rocket fired by Mujahideen Shura Council al-Qaeda members from Egyptian territory at the Red Sea town of Eilat. ](/news/2013/08/13/sinai-insurgency-israel-intercepts-and-destroys-a-grad-rocket-fired-by-mujahideen-shura-council-al-qaeda-members-from-egyptian-territory-at.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, Sinai insurgency_
4. [Egyptian officials scrap a deeply unpopular agreement to supply Israel with natural gas. Former President of Egypt Hosni Mubarak, ousted in last year's revolution, had been accused of selling the gas too cheaply. ](/news/2012/04/22/egyptian-officials-scrap-a-deeply-unpopular-agreement-to-supply-israel-with-natural-gas-former-president-of-egypt-hosni-mubarak-ousted-in.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, natural gas_
5. [An explosion destroys the Arab Gas Pipeline in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula supplying natural gas to Jordan and Israel. ](/news/2011/09/27/an-explosion-destroys-the-arab-gas-pipeline-in-egypt-s-sinai-peninsula-supplying-natural-gas-to-jordan-and-israel.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, natural gas_
6. [Israeli warships force the Gaza-bound aid ship "Amalthea" to change course to El Arish port in Egypt. ](/news/2010/07/14/israeli-warships-force-the-gaza-bound-aid-ship-amalthea-to-change-course-to-el-arish-port-in-egypt.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, el-Arish_
7. [An aid ship trying to carry aid to Gaza is forced to dock at el-Arish in Egypt, after coming under heavy Israeli pressure to not break Israel's Gaza blockade. ](/news/2010/07/10/an-aid-ship-trying-to-carry-aid-to-gaza-is-forced-to-dock-at-el-arish-in-egypt-after-coming-under-heavy-israeli-pressure-to-not-break-israe.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, el-Arish_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.: Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey: Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.: 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.: United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.: Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.: Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.: Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-: ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel_
9. [Sinai insurgency: A two stage attack targeting police kills 5 officers and wounds 11 in the city of el-Arish. A later roadside bomb south of the city wounds a further 6 officers. ](/news/2017/07/17/sinai-insurgency-a-two-stage-attack-targeting-police-kills-5-officers-and-wounds-11-in-the-city-of-el-arish-a-later-roadside-bomb-south-of.md) _Context: Sinai insurgency, el-Arish_
10. [U.S. president-elect Donald Trump calls President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi of Egypt, who then agrees to postpone a United Nations resolution regarding Israel. ](/news/2016/12/22/u-s-president-elect-donald-trump-calls-president-abdel-fattah-el-sisi-of-egypt-who-then-agrees-to-postpone-a-united-nations-resolution-reg.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel_
