### [2015-05-31](/news/2015/05/31/index.md)

# The East African Community calls on Burundi to postpone its presidential election due to unrest sparked by the decision by President Pierre Nkurunziza to run for a third term. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/8c9540dbbafd40479d8ee2b4eab248d9/east-african-community-calls-delay-burundi-polls)

### Related:

1. [Burundian presidential election, 2015: Voters in Burundi go to the polls for a presidential election amidst gunfire and violence with President Pierre Nkurunziza seeking a third term and opposition parties boycotting the election. At least two people have been killed in election violence. ](/news/2015/07/21/burundian-presidential-election-2015-voters-in-burundi-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-amidst-gunfire-and-violence-with-presid.md) _Context: Burundi, Burundian presidential election, 2015, Pierre Nkurunziza, Presidents_
2. [2015 Burundian unrest: The Burundi opposition suspends talks with the Government of President Pierre Nkurunziza following the assassination of opposition leader Zedi Feruzi of the Union for Peace and Development party yesterday. ](/news/2015/05/24/2015-burundian-unrest-the-burundi-opposition-suspends-talks-with-the-government-of-president-pierre-nkurunziza-following-the-assassination.md) _Context: 2015 Burundian unrest, Burundi, Pierre Nkurunziza, Presidents_
3. [The President of Burundi Pierre Nkurunziza says that the government will proceed with a presidential election despite protests and a recent failed coup. ](/news/2015/05/19/the-president-of-burundi-pierre-nkurunziza-says-that-the-government-will-proceed-with-a-presidential-election-despite-protests-and-a-recent.md) _Context: 2015 Burundian unrest, Burundian presidential election, 2015, Pierre Nkurunziza, Presidents_
4. [2015 Burundian unrest: Burundi's President, Pierre Nkurunziza, says Burundians will fight against any African Union peacekeepers sent into the country in response to the ongoing crisis, "everyone has to respect Burundian borders," Nkurunziza said. The African Union said this earlier this month it was ready to send 5,000 peacekeepers to protect civilians caught up in months of violence. ](/news/2015/12/30/2015-burundian-unrest-burundi-s-president-pierre-nkurunziza-says-burundians-will-fight-against-any-african-union-peacekeepers-sent-into-t.md) _Context: 2015 Burundian unrest, Burundi, Pierre Nkurunziza_
5. [Burundian presidential election, 2015: The President of Burundi, Pierre Nkurunziza, is elected for a third consecutive term. ](/news/2015/07/24/burundian-presidential-election-2015-the-president-of-burundi-pierre-nkurunziza-is-elected-for-a-third-consecutive-term.md) _Context: Burundi, Burundian presidential election, 2015, Pierre Nkurunziza_
6. [Thirteen soldiers in Burundi have been arrested for allegedly plotting a coup to overthrow President Pierre Nkurunziza. ](/news/2010/01/31/thirteen-soldiers-in-burundi-have-been-arrested-for-allegedly-plotting-a-coup-to-overthrow-president-pierre-nkurunziza.md) _Context: Burundi, Pierre Nkurunziza, Presidents_
7. [Burundian unrest (2015-present): Two former Presidents of Burundi call for the United Nations Security Council to authorise the use of peacekeeping troops in Burundi to prevent a potential civil war. ](/news/2016/01/21/burundian-unrest-2015-present-two-former-presidents-of-burundi-call-for-the-united-nations-security-council-to-authorise-the-use-of-pea.md) _Context: Burundi, Presidents_
8. [2015 Burundian unrest: The African Union's Peace and Security Council approves the plan to send 5,000 peacekeepers to Burundi to protect civilians caught up in the growing crisis; approval by the U.N. Security Council is required. Burundi's Philippe Nzobonariba says the force would not be allowed in without government permission. ](/news/2015/12/18/2015-burundian-unrest-the-african-union-s-peace-and-security-council-approves-the-plan-to-send-5-000-peacekeepers-to-burundi-to-protect-civ.md) _Context: 2015 Burundian unrest, Burundi_
9. [2015 Burundian unrest: The U.S. State Department issues a travel advisory for Burundi and advises its citizens there to leave as soon as possible due to the increased violence in the capital Bujumbura where 87 people were killed this weekend. Families of U.S. government personnel and non-emergency personnel have been ordered to leave immediately. ](/news/2015/12/13/2015-burundian-unrest-the-u-s-state-department-issues-a-travel-advisory-for-burundi-and-advises-its-citizens-there-to-leave-as-soon-as-pos.md) _Context: 2015 Burundian unrest, Burundi_
10. [2015 Burundian unrest: Burundi's army reports 87 people, including eight government defenders, were killed, and 45 attackers captured in Friday's clashes at three military sites in Bujumbura. Police have not identified the gunmen. Witnesses report some of the victims' arms were tied behind their backs while others were killed at close range. This was the worst violence since this spring's attempted coup d'etat. One of the generals behind the failed coup says his rebel group still wants to oust the president. ](/news/2015/12/12/2015-burundian-unrest-burundi-s-army-reports-87-people-including-eight-government-defenders-were-killed-and-45-attackers-captured-in-fri.md) _Context: 2015 Burundian unrest, Burundi_
