### [2002-03-29](/news/2002/03/29/index.md)

# Filipino actor Rico Yan died while vacationing on Dos Palmas Resort in Puerto Princesa City,Palawan, Philippines at the age of 27 due to acute hemorrhagic pancreatitis. 




### Related:

1. [Indonesia-Philippines relations. Indonesia and the Philippines discuss their borders after the Indonesian Navy sinks four Filipino fishing vessels off the coast of the Philippines triggering a diplomatic dispute. ](/news/2015/11/6/indonesia-philippines-relations-indonesia-and-the-philippines-discuss-their-borders-after-the-indonesian-navy-sinks-four-filipino-fishing.md) _Context: Filipino, Philippines_
2. [Moro conflict. Gunmen abduct a Norwegian resort manager, two Canadians, and a Filipino from a resort in the southern Philippines. ](/news/2015/09/21/moro-conflict-gunmen-abduct-a-norwegian-resort-manager-two-canadians-and-a-filipino-from-a-resort-in-the-southern-philippines.md) _Context: Filipino, Philippines_
3. [Philippine prosecutors charge a United States Marine with murder over the death of Jennifer Laude, a Filipino transgender woman. ](/news/2014/12/15/philippine-prosecutors-charge-a-united-states-marine-with-murder-over-the-death-of-jennifer-laude-a-filipino-transgender-woman.md) _Context: Filipino, Philippines_
4. [South China Sea dispute:. Chinese vessels reportedly harassed Filipino fishermen off the coast of the Philippines last January 27, according to the Philippine military. ](/news/2014/02/24/south-china-sea-dispute-chinese-vessels-reportedly-harassed-filipino-fishermen-off-the-coast-of-the-philippines-last-january-27-according.md) _Context: Filipino, Philippines_
5. [Al-Qaeda insurgency in Yemen:. The Philippines bans its workers from Yemen after the deaths of seven Filipinos there. ](/news/2013/12/10/al-qaeda-insurgency-in-yemen-the-philippines-bans-its-workers-from-yemen-after-the-deaths-of-seven-filipinos-there.md) _Context: Filipino, Philippines_
6. [Albert del Rosario, the Philippines Secretary of Foreign Affairs, wants to withdraw Filipino peacekeepers from the Golan Heights subsequent to Syrian rebels kidnapping four troops. ](/news/2013/05/10/albert-del-rosario-the-philippines-secretary-of-foreign-affairs-wants-to-withdraw-filipino-peacekeepers-from-the-golan-heights-subsequent.md) _Context: Filipino, Philippines_
7. [Philippines officials claim that the People's Republic of China has executed a Filipino man for drug trafficking despite a plea for clemency from the President of the Philippines Benigno Aquino III on humanitarian grounds. ](/news/2011/12/8/philippines-officials-claim-that-the-people-s-republic-of-china-has-executed-a-filipino-man-for-drug-trafficking-despite-a-plea-for-clemency.md) _Context: Filipino, Philippines_
8. [Suspected Abu Sayyaf gunmen abduct two United States citizens and a Filipino relative from an island village in Zamboanga City in the Philippines. ](/news/2011/07/12/suspected-abu-sayyaf-gunmen-abduct-two-united-states-citizens-and-a-filipino-relative-from-an-island-village-in-zamboanga-city-in-the-philip.md) _Context: Filipino, Philippines_
9. [ Five U.S. Marines have been arrested after they were accused of raping a local Filipino woman. The Essex|LHD-2 was prevented from leaving the Philippines until the men were apprehended. ](/news/2005/11/3/five-u-s-marines-have-been-arrested-after-they-were-accused-of-raping-a-local-filipino-woman-the-essex-lhd-2-was-prevented-from-leaving-t.md) _Context: Filipino, Philippines_
10. [Battle of Marawi. The Pentagon is considering conducting airstrikes in Marawi, which if approved would later put U.S. troops on the ground to battle the ISIS-affiliated Maute group as well as related Islamist terror groups. A spokesperson later denied the claims as well as clarified that the Philippines has yet to make a request. ](/news/2017/08/8/battle-of-marawi-the-pentagon-is-considering-conducting-airstrikes-in-marawi-which-if-approved-would-later-put-u-s-troops-on-the-ground-t.md) _Context: Philippines_
