### [2005-08-4](/news/2005/08/4/index.md)

#  The African Union suspends Mauritania from the group after the recent coup. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters AlertNet](http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/L04702265.htm)

### Related:

1. [ The United States and the African Union have dropped their demands that last week's coup in Mauritania be reversed. The US is working with the military junta to ensure that multi-party elections are held as soon as possible ](/news/2005/08/10/the-united-states-and-the-african-union-have-dropped-their-demands-that-last-week-s-coup-in-mauritania-be-reversed-the-us-is-working-with.md) _Context: African Union, Mauritanian_
2. [ In Mauritania, four army officers who plotted coups against President Maaouya Ould Sid'Ahmed Taya each receive a life sentence instead of the expected death penalty after a four-month trial. The sentenced include former army major Saleh Ould Hanenna. ](/news/2005/02/4/in-mauritania-four-army-officers-who-plotted-coups-against-president-maaouya-ould-sid-ahmed-taya-each-receive-a-life-sentence-instead-of-t.md) _Context: Mauritanian, coup_
3. [Mauritanian constitutional referendum, 2017: Results from Saturday's constitutional referendum show Mauritanians have voted to abolish the Senate. Turnout was 53.73%, with 85% of voters supporting the change, according to officials. ](/news/2017/08/7/mauritanian-constitutional-referendum-2017-results-from-saturday-s-constitutional-referendum-show-mauritanians-have-voted-to-abolish-the-s.md) _Context: Mauritanian_
4. [Mauritanian constitutional referendum, 2017: Voters in Mauritania participate in a referendum on whether to amend the Constitution of Mauritania, with the abolition of the Senate and addition of red bands to the flag of Mauritania among the most significant proposed changes. The OCHR has criticised Mohamed Ould Abdel Aziz's government for apparent suppression of opposition protests. ](/news/2017/08/5/mauritanian-constitutional-referendum-2017-voters-in-mauritania-participate-in-a-referendum-on-whether-to-amend-the-constitution-of-maurit.md) _Context: Mauritanian_
5. [Western Sahara conflict: The United Nations Security Council extends the MINURSO mission for another year and attempts to restart Western Sahara peace process negotiations after both sides retracted their military from a standoff position in Guerguerat, near the border with Mauritania. ](/news/2017/04/28/western-sahara-conflict-the-united-nations-security-council-extends-the-minurso-mission-for-another-year-and-attempts-to-restart-western-sa.md) _Context: Mauritanian_
6. [Enlargement of the African Union: Morocco rejoins the African Union after a 33-year absence, despite opposition from several member states over the political status of Western Sahara. ](/news/2017/01/31/enlargement-of-the-african-union-morocco-rejoins-the-african-union-after-a-33-year-absence-despite-opposition-from-several-member-states-o.md) _Context: African Union_
7. [Aftermath of the Gambian presidential election, 2016: The African Union says it will cease to recognize Yahya Jammeh as President of The Gambia on January 19, the date he is to hand power over to his opponent Adama Barrow, who won last year's election. ](/news/2017/01/13/aftermath-of-the-gambian-presidential-election-2016-the-african-union-says-it-will-cease-to-recognize-yahya-jammeh-as-president-of-the-gam.md) _Context: African Union_
8. [South Africa formally begins the process of withdrawing from the International Criminal Court amid a dispute over the country's refusal to arrest Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir at last year's African Union summit in Johannesburg. ](/news/2016/10/21/south-africa-formally-begins-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-the-international-criminal-court-amid-a-dispute-over-the-country-s-refusal-to-a.md) _Context: African Union_
9. [War in Somalia (2009-present): Al-Shabaab claim responsibility for a double suicide car bombing attack in Mogadishu near an African Union base at the city's airport. At least 13 people are killed, including seven UN guards. ](/news/2016/07/26/war-in-somalia-2009-present-al-shabaab-claim-responsibility-for-a-double-suicide-car-bombing-attack-in-mogadishu-near-an-african-union.md) _Context: African Union_
10. [Northern Mali conflict: 2016 Nampala attack: At least 12 soldiers are killed and 27 others injured after unidentified militants briefly overrun a government base in central Mali, near the border with Mauritania. The attackers also burn and loot the adjacent village of Nampala. ](/news/2016/07/19/northern-mali-conflict-2016-nampala-attack-at-least-12-soldiers-are-killed-and-27-others-injured-after-unidentified-militants-briefly-over.md) _Context: Mauritanian_
