### [2003-03-20](/news/2003/03/20/index.md)

#  Mary Ann Wright, a U.S. diplomat in Mongolia, resigned out of disagreement with George W. Bush's Mideast policy, his approach to North Korea and the domestic consequences of the War on Terrorism.




### Related:

1. [A Mongolian-flagged cargo ship sinks off the coast of South Korea, with most of the 16 North Korean crew members reported missing. ](/news/2014/04/4/a-mongolian-flagged-cargo-ship-sinks-off-the-coast-of-south-korea-with-most-of-the-16-north-korean-crew-members-reported-missing.md) _Context: Mongolia, North Korea_
2. [Mongolian president Tsakhiagiin Elbegdorj visits North Korea and becomes the first head of state to meet with Kim Jong-un since Kim's taking office as Supreme Leader. ](/news/2013/10/30/mongolian-president-tsakhiagiin-elbegdorj-visits-north-korea-and-becomes-the-first-head-of-state-to-meet-with-kim-jong-un-since-kim-s-taking.md) _Context: Mongolia, North Korea_
3. [ United States President George W. Bush writes to North Korean leader Kim Jong-Il asking him to fully disclose North Korea's nuclear program. ](/news/2007/12/6/united-states-president-george-w-bush-writes-to-north-korean-leader-kim-jong-il-asking-him-to-fully-disclose-north-korea-s-nuclear-program.md) _Context: George W. Bush, North Korea_
4. [ Japanese and North Korean envoys begin in Ulan Bator, Mongolia to resolve long-standing differences. ](/news/2007/09/5/japanese-and-north-korean-envoys-begin-in-ulan-bator-mongolia-to-resolve-long-standing-differences.md) _Context: Mongolia, North Korea_
5. [ Director of the United States Missile Defense Agency, Air Force Lt. Gen. Henry A. Obering III, stated that he is "very confident" any North Korean missile headed towards the United States would be destroyed mid-flight by interceptor missiles if approved by the President. ](/news/2006/06/23/director-of-the-united-states-missile-defense-agency-air-force-lt-gen-henry-a-obering-iii-stated-that-he-is-very-confident-any-north.md) _Context: George W. Bush, North Korea_
6. [ War on Terrorism: President Bush, speaking to American Legion veterans convention, defends the Iraq policy, declaring the United States had hit terrorism in overthrowing the government of Saddam Hussein. President Bush vows ""no retreat"" from Iraq. President Bush also states that the United States may carry out other pre-emptive strikes.](/news/2003/08/26/war-on-terrorism-president-bush-speaking-to-american-legion-veterans-convention-defends-the-iraq-policy-declaring-the-united-states-had.md) _Context: George W. Bush, War on Terrorism_
7. [ War on Terrorism: President of the United States George W. Bush announces a freeze on the assets of the Palestinian militant leaders of Hamas and organizations financially supporting the "terrorist organization". The action is taken because Hamas officially claims responsibility for the act of terror on August 19.](/news/2003/08/22/war-on-terrorism-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-announces-a-freeze-on-the-assets-of-the-palestinian-militant-leaders-of-ham.md) _Context: George W. Bush, War on Terrorism_
8. [ A Bush administration official announces that the United States, People's Republic of China, and North Korea will meet in Beijing from April 23 to April 24 to discuss North Korea's suspected nuclear weapons program. The United States had refused bilateral discussions with North Korea since October 2002, insisting on multinational talks. The United States will be represented by Assistant Secretary of State James Kelly.](/news/2003/04/16/a-bush-administration-official-announces-that-the-united-states-people-s-republic-of-china-and-north-korea-will-meet-in-beijing-from-apri.md) _Context: George W. Bush, North Korea_
9. [ The INS registration deadline for males in the United States aged 16 and older from Afghanistan, Algeria, Bahrain, Eritrea, Lebanon, Morocco, North Korea, Oman, Qatar, Somalia, Tunisia, United Arab Emirates and Yemen. A controversial Bush administration policy designed to capture terrorists requires all such men to submit to "special registration" procedures consisting of fingerprinting, photographing, and lengthy interviews concerning their whereabouts, associations, and activities.](/news/2003/01/10/the-ins-registration-deadline-for-males-in-the-united-states-aged-16-and-older-from-afghanistan-algeria-bahrain-eritrea-lebanon-morocc.md) _Context: George W. Bush, North Korea_
10. [North Korea is reactivating a plutonium producing nuclear power plant north of Pyongyang after removing United Nations seals on the reactor and degrading the capability of surveillance cameras. This same reactor is thought by U.S. officials as the source for plutonium for two previously produced atomic bombs. North Korea has been named by the George W. Bush Administration as part of the so-called "axis of evil".](/news/2002/12/26/north-korea-is-reactivating-a-plutonium-producing-nuclear-power-plant-north-of-pyongyang-after-removing-united-nations-seals-on-the-reactor.md) _Context: George W. Bush, North Korea_
