### [2005-11-14](/news/2005/11/14/index.md)

#  Knesset Member Omri Sharon, the son of the Prime Minister of Israel Ariel Sharon, struck a deal with prosecutors that would see him plead guilty to a series of charges in connection with illegal fundraising during Ariel Sharon's 1999 primaries campaign. 

MK Omri Sharon, the prime minister&#39;s son, pleads guilty to charges of illegal political fundraising at Tel Aviv Magistrates court Tuesday. Sharon will address court during sentence hearing, his attorney reports 


### Source:

1. [Ynetnews](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3169230,00.html)

### Related:

1. [Former Prime Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, is buried on his ranch in southern Israel following a state funeral at the Knesset attended by foreign dignitaries and Israelis. ](/news/2014/01/14/former-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-is-buried-on-his-ranch-in-southern-israel-following-a-state-funeral-at-the-knesset-attended-b.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Prime Minister of Israel, parliament in Israel_
2. [ Omri Sharon, son of the Prime Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, has been formally indicted on charges of corruption following allegations concerning Ariel Sharon's bid to become leader of the Likud party in 1999. ](/news/2005/08/28/omri-sharon-son-of-the-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-has-been-formally-indicted-on-charges-of-corruption-following-allegations-c.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Omri Sharon, Prime Minister of Israel_
3. [ Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon dissolves the Knesset and calls for elections early the next year.](/news/2002/11/5/israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-dissolves-the-knesset-and-calls-for-elections-early-the-next-year.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Prime Minister of Israel, parliament in Israel_
4. [Israel's Supreme Court blocks the government's plan,  signed last December by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu with the U.S. Noble Energy and the Israeli Delek Group companies, to develop Israel's offshore gas deposits. The court found the so-called "stability clause,"  that would prevent Israel from making significant regulatory changes for the next 10 years, undemocratically restricts the Knesset's power. The government has one year  to come up with an alternative arrangement or the plan will be canceled. ](/news/2016/03/27/israel-s-supreme-court-blocks-the-government-s-plan-signed-last-december-by-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-with-the-u-s-noble-energy-a.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Israel, parliament in Israel_
5. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu  prohibits all members of the Knesset (MKs) from visiting the Jerusalem site revered by Jews as the Temple Mount, and by Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary, in an attempt to calm several days of violence in the Old City. The prohibition applies to both Jewish and Muslim parliamentarians. ](/news/2015/10/8/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-prohibits-all-members-of-the-knesset-mks-from-visiting-the-jerusalem-site-revered-by-jews-as-th.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Israel, parliament in Israel_
6. [Former Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is in critical condition following renal failure after being in a coma since 2006. ](/news/2014/01/2/former-israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-is-in-critical-condition-following-renal-failure-after-being-in-a-coma-since-2006.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Prime Minister of Israel_
7. [Former Prime Minister of Israel Ariel Sharon is taken home from hospital still in a comatose state. ](/news/2010/11/12/former-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-is-taken-home-from-hospital-still-in-a-comatose-state.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Prime Minister of Israel_
8. [ The Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert strikes a deal with the Labor Party to avoid dissolution of the Knesset in return for Olmert holding a leadership contest for the Kadima party by September. ](/news/2008/06/25/the-prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-olmert-strikes-a-deal-with-the-labor-party-to-avoid-dissolution-of-the-knesset-in-return-for-olmert-holdi.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Israel, parliament in Israel_
9. [ Prime Minister Ehud Olmert of Israel survives three motions of no confidence in Knesset, in the latest backlash over his handling of the 2006 Lebanon war. ](/news/2007/05/7/prime-minister-ehud-olmert-of-israel-survives-three-motions-of-no-confidence-in-knesset-in-the-latest-backlash-over-his-handling-of-the-20.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Israel, parliament in Israel_
10. [ Former Prime Minister of Israel Ariel Sharon is admitted to the intensive care unit of the Sheba Medical Center near Tel Aviv with a chest infection. ](/news/2006/11/4/former-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-is-admitted-to-the-intensive-care-unit-of-the-sheba-medical-center-near-tel-aviv-with-a-chest.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Prime Minister of Israel_
