### [2005-11-14](/news/2005/11/14/index.md)

#  Mexico and Venezuela have withdrawn their ambassadors amid rising tension between the two countries. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20051114/ap_on_re_la_am_ca/mexico_venezuela;_ylt=AobDzJmlALX2YL_KoTYBbYNbbBAF;_ylu=X3oDMTA4NTMzazIyBHNlYwMxNjk2)

### Related:

1. [Crisis in Venezuela: Socorro Flores Liera, Mexico's deputy foreign minister for Latin America and the Caribbean, speaks during an interview with Reuters in Mexico City, that during the first half of 2017, 1,420 Venezuelans have sought asylum in Mexico, a nearly four-fold jump compared to the 361 total Venezuelan asylum applicants for all of 2016, as the result of Venezuela's deepening political and economic crisis. ](/news/2017/08/4/crisis-in-venezuela-socorro-flores-liera-mexico-s-deputy-foreign-minister-for-latin-america-and-the-caribbean-speaks-during-an-interview.md) _Context: Mexico, Venezuela_
2. [Colombian President Alvaro Uribe and Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez almost come to blows at the Rio Group summit in Playa del Carmen, Mexico, with Uribe taunting Chavez "Be a man! - you're a coward face-to-face! Stay and argue face-to-face!" and Chavez responding with a simple "Go to Hell!" ](/news/2010/02/22/colombian-president-alvaro-uribe-and-venezuelan-president-hugo-cha-vez-almost-come-to-blows-at-the-rio-group-summit-in-playa-del-carmen-me.md) _Context: Mexico, Venezuela_
3. [ On an official visit to Colombia, Mexican President Felipe Calderon offers his country-s mediation in the conflict between that country, Ecuador and Venezuela. ](/news/2009/08/13/on-an-official-visit-to-colombia-mexican-president-felipe-caldera3n-offers-his-country-s-mediation-in-the-conflict-between-that-country.md) _Context: Mexico, Venezuela_
4. [United States-Venezuela relations: The U.S. imposes new sanctions on eight Venezuelan officials, including Secretary of the 2017 Constituent Assembly Adan Chavez - the late President Hugo Chavez's brother, to "deter further democratic backsliding" in the South American country. ](/news/2017/08/9/united-states-venezuela-relations-the-u-s-imposes-new-sanctions-on-eight-venezuelan-officials-including-secretary-of-the-2017-constitue.md) _Context: Venezuela_
5. [2017 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Franklin, the Atlantic Ocean's first hurricane of the season, is set to hit Mexico's Gulf state of Veracruz tonight or tomorrow morning. The category 1 storm is expected to lose strength as it moves inland through the oil-producing state. ](/news/2017/08/9/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-franklin-the-atlantic-ocean-s-first-hurricane-of-the-season-is-set-to-hit-mexico-s-gulf-state-of.md) _Context: Mexico_
6. [Venezuelan Constitutional Assembly election, 2017: South American trade bloc Mercosur will trigger its democratic clause this weekend to suspend Venezuela indefinitely, furthering its past temporary suspension, and not allow the country back until internal political issues have been resolved. ](/news/2017/08/3/venezuelan-constitutional-assembly-election-2017-south-american-trade-bloc-mercosur-will-trigger-its-democratic-clause-this-weekend-to-sus.md) _Context: Venezuela_
7. [Colombia-Venezuela relations: Censorship in Venezuela: Venezuela's National Commission of Telecommunications (Conatel) takes Colombian television channels Caracol Television and RCN Television off air due to their coverage of the 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis. ](/news/2017/08/24/colombia-venezuela-relations-censorship-in-venezuela-venezuela-s-national-commission-of-telecommunications-conatel-takes-colombian-tel.md) _Context: Venezuela_
8. [2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis: The controversial National Constituent Assembly votes unanimously to assume the powers of the opposition-led National Assembly of Venezuela. ](/news/2017/08/18/2017-venezuelan-constitutional-crisis-the-controversial-national-constituent-assembly-votes-unanimously-to-assume-the-powers-of-the-opposit.md) _Context: Venezuela_
9. [Crisis in Venezuela: Venezuelan security forces raid a prison in Puerto Ayacucho, Amazonas State, killing at least 37 inmates. Amazonas Governor Liborio Guarulla describes the killings as a "massacre". ](/news/2017/08/16/crisis-in-venezuela-venezuelan-security-forces-raid-a-prison-in-puerto-ayacucho-amazonas-state-killing-at-least-37-inmates-amazonas-gove.md) _Context: Venezuela_
10. [Crisis in Venezuela: Venezuelan opposition leaders Leopoldo Lopez and Mayor of Caracas Antonio Ledezma are seized at their homes overnight by the Bolivarian Intelligence Service (SEBIN) and taken to Ramo Verde Prison. They had been arrested previously by the Venezuelan government, but were under house arrest at the time of being seized. ](/news/2017/08/1/crisis-in-venezuela-venezuelan-opposition-leaders-leopoldo-la3pez-and-mayor-of-caracas-antonio-ledezma-are-seized-at-their-homes-overnight.md) _Context: Venezuela_
