### [2010-03-3](/news/2010/03/3/index.md)

# One German and one Italian man are killed and at least 6 are injured near Marseille in a collision between a 26-foot wave and the Greek-Cypriot cruise ship "Louise Majesty" which was travelling with 2,000 passengers from Barcelona to Genoa. 

Two cruise passengers died when their liner was hit by a freak wave off the Mediterranean coast of France.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/europe/2010/03/201033181441856821.html)
2. [Herald Sun](http://www.heraldsun.com.au/news/breaking-news/two-dead-when-wave-hits-cruise-ship/story-e6frf7jx-1225836773655)
3. [Irish Independent](http://www.independent.ie/breaking-news/world-news/two-die-as-giant-waves-hit-liner-2087881.html)
4. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/travel/cruises/item.aspx?type=blog&ak=81618.blog)

### Related:

1. [Erasmus bus crash. Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/erasmus-bus-crash-thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-fall.md) _Context: Germany, Greek, Italian_
2. [European migrant crisis. Germany announces plans to start deporting newly-arrived migrants to Greece starting in March. According to EU's Dublin Regulation, asylum seekers must file for asylum in the member state they arrived in. ](/news/2017/01/12/european-migrant-crisis-germany-announces-plans-to-start-deporting-newly-arrived-migrants-to-greece-starting-in-march-according-to-eu-s-du.md) _Context: Germany, Greek_
3. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union. Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-b.md) _Context: Germany, Italian_
4. [Greek government-debt crisis. Greece demands an explanation from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) after an apparent leaked transcript suggested the IMF may threaten to pull out of the country's bailout as a tactic to force European lenders to offer more debt relief. Whistleblowing site WikiLeaks published what it said was the transcript of a March 19 conference call of three senior IMF officials discussing tactics to apply pressure on Greece, Germany and the EU to reach a deal in April. ](/news/2016/04/2/greek-government-debt-crisis-greece-demands-an-explanation-from-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-after-an-apparent-leaked-transcript-s.md) _Context: Germany, Greek_
5. [European migrant crisis. Austria-Italy relations. Austria plans to deploy soldiers on its border with Italy to stem an expected increase in migrants trying to get to northern Europe, according to Austrian Defence Minister Hans Peter Doskozil. "As the EU's external borders are not yet effectively protected, Austria will soon ramp up strict border controls. That means massive border controls on the Brenner Pass, and with soldiers," Doskozil told German daily newspaper "Die Welt". ](/news/2016/04/2/european-migrant-crisis-austria-italy-relations-austria-plans-to-deploy-soldiers-on-its-border-with-italy-to-stem-an-expected-increase-i.md) _Context: Germany, Italian_
6. [A bomb blast at the Hellenic Business Federation offices in central Athens, Greece, damages the Cypriot Embassy across the street. While there is yet no claim for responsibility the authorities suspect a domestic guerrilla group set off the blast. ](/news/2015/11/24/a-bomb-blast-at-the-hellenic-business-federation-offices-in-central-athens-greece-damages-the-cypriot-embassy-across-the-street-while-the.md) _Context: Cyprus, Greek_
7. [More than a dozen alleged ISIS-linked, terrorist members of Rawti Shax, a European offshoot of the Iraqi Kurdish jihadist network Ansar al-Islam, are arrested in a coordinated, multi-nation sweep by police across Europe. The operation dismantled an integrated cell in Italy, the United Kingdom, Norway, Finland, Switzerland, and Germany. The group is accused of radicalizing fighters, planning attacks targeting Norwegian and British diplomats in the Middle East, and planning to establish a caliphate in Iraq's Kurdistan region. ](/news/2015/11/12/more-than-a-dozen-alleged-isis-linked-terrorist-members-of-rawti-shax-a-european-offshoot-of-the-iraqi-kurdish-jihadist-network-ansar-al-i.md) _Context: Germany, Italian_
8. [European migrant crisis. Slovenian border barrier. Slovenia's army begins erecting a razor wire fence along parts of its southern border with Croatia in order to stop a tide of illegal migrants entering the country. Around 180,000 people, mainly from Syria and Afghanistan have streamed into Slovenia since mid-October after trekking northwards along a Balkan corridor from Greece, most of them bound ultimately for Germany. ](/news/2015/11/11/european-migrant-crisis-slovenian-border-barrier-slovenia-s-army-begins-erecting-a-razor-wire-fence-along-parts-of-its-southern-border-wit.md) _Context: Germany, Greek_
9. [European migrant crisis. European Union members agree to provide 291 border guards to Greece and Italy to help identify and register migrants. ](/news/2015/10/20/european-migrant-crisis-european-union-members-agree-to-provide-291-border-guards-to-greece-and-italy-to-help-identify-and-register-migrant.md) _Context: Greek, Italian_
10. [Illegal immigration from Africa to Europe. The Italian Coast Guard states that at least 17 people have died and 4,200 have been rescued in the Mediterranean Sea attempting to travel to Europe in the past 24 hours. Ships from nations including Italy, Republic of Ireland, Germany, Belgium and the United Kingdom have been involved in rescue efforts. ](/news/2015/05/30/illegal-immigration-from-africa-to-europe-the-italian-coast-guard-states-that-at-least-17-people-have-died-and-4-200-have-been-rescued-in-t.md) _Context: Germany, Italian_
