### [2012-03-5](/news/2012/03/5/index.md)

# Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and US President Barack Obama meet at the White House. 

Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu tells US President Barack Obama that Israel must always remain &quot;master of its fate&quot;, as they meet for key talks on Iran.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-17260083)

### Related:

1. [President Barack Obama meets with the Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu at the White House, during which Netanyahu emphasizes that Israel would not make a full withdraw to the pre-1967 borders as Obama requested yesterday, because these borders are "not defensible".](/news/2011/05/20/president-barack-obama-meets-with-the-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-at-the-white-house-during-which-netanyahu-emphasizes-that.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Benjamin Netanyahu, White House_
2. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump. President-elect of the United States Donald Trump meets with President Barack Obama for the first time at the White House. ](/news/2016/11/10/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-meets-with-president-barack-obama-for-the-first-t.md) _Context: Barack Obama, White House_
3. [Israel-United States relations. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu cancels a trip to the United States for an American Israel Public Affairs Committee conference that was to include a meeting with U.S. President Barack Obama. ](/news/2016/03/7/israel-united-states-relations-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-cancels-a-trip-to-the-united-states-for-an-american-israel-public.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Benjamin Netanyahu_
4. [The U.S. President Barack Obama announces a plan to tax crude oil $10 a barrel in order to fund infrastructure spending, according to a White House statement. ](/news/2016/02/4/the-u-s-president-barack-obama-announces-a-plan-to-tax-crude-oil-10-a-barrel-in-order-to-fund-infrastructure-spending-according-to-a-whit.md) _Context: Barack Obama, White House_
5. [U.S. President Barack Obama meets with the Gulf Cooperation Council at the White House with a proposed nuclear deal with Iran top of the agenda.](/news/2015/05/14/u-s-president-barack-obama-meets-with-the-gulf-cooperation-council-at-the-white-house-with-a-proposed-nuclear-deal-with-iran-top-of-the-age.md) _Context: Barack Obama, White House_
6. [The US Secret Service locks down the White House after a loud noise (later revealed to be a burned-out souvenir truck) is heard on the South Lawn, moments before U.S. President Barack Obama and his family were due to take off by helicopter. He and his family were not yet on the South Lawn when the noise was heard. ](/news/2015/03/7/the-us-secret-service-locks-down-the-white-house-after-a-loud-noise-later-revealed-to-be-a-burned-out-souvenir-truck-is-heard-on-the-south.md) _Context: Barack Obama, White House_
7. [United States federal government shutdown of 2013:. U.S. President Barack Obama, the White House Office of Management and Budget, issues a partial shutdown of government agencies after the House and Senate fail to come to an agreement on a spending bill to keep government operations running. ](/news/2013/10/1/united-states-federal-government-shutdown-of-2013-u-s-president-barack-obama-the-white-house-office-of-management-and-budget-issues-a-p.md) _Context: Barack Obama, White House_
8. [Shinzo Abe, the Prime Minister of Japan, meets with the President of the United States Barack Obama at the White House to discuss trade, economic, and security issues including North Korea and the Senkaku Islands dispute with China. ](/news/2013/02/22/shinzo-abe-the-prime-minister-of-japan-meets-with-the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-at-the-white-house-to-discuss-trade-eco.md) _Context: Barack Obama, White House_
9. [The public portion of Barack Obama's second inauguration takes place at nation's capital in Washington, D.C., a day after he was officially sworn into office in the White House for his second term as President of the United States. ](/news/2013/01/21/the-public-portion-of-barack-obama-s-second-inauguration-takes-place-at-nation-s-capital-in-washington-d-c-a-day-after-he-was-officially.md) _Context: Barack Obama, White House_
10. [The second inauguration of Barack Obama as the President of the United States takes place in the Blue Room of the White House. ](/news/2013/01/20/the-second-inauguration-of-barack-obama-as-the-president-of-the-united-states-takes-place-in-the-blue-room-of-the-white-house.md) _Context: Barack Obama, White House_
