### [2012-03-5](/news/2012/03/5/index.md)

# The Sea Shepherd anti-whaling organisation claims to have closed down Japan's main whaling ship, the ''Nisshin Maru'', deep inside the Southern Ocean off the Antarctic coast. 

After a marathon pursuit, Sea Shepherd says it has found and shut down Japan&#039;s key whaling factory ship, Nisshin Maru, deep inside Australian Antarctic waters.


### Source:

1. [WA Today](http://www.watoday.com.au/environment/whale-watch/sea-shepherd-finds-key-whaling-ship-20120306-1uf1j.html?rand=9687883)

### Related:

1. [ Japan abandons its whaling hunt in the Southern Ocean for this year due to the damage caused to the ''Nisshin Maru''. ](/news/2007/02/28/japan-abandons-its-whaling-hunt-in-the-southern-ocean-for-this-year-due-to-the-damage-caused-to-the-nisshin-maru.md) _Context: Nisshin Maru, Southern Ocean, hunt_
2. [ Chris Ellison, the Australian Minister for Justice, warns anti-whaling protesters and the Japanese whaling fleet that they could face questioning over recent clashes in the Southern Ocean. Meanwhile, the crew were evacuated from the largest ship in the Japanese Antarctic fleet, the ''Nisshin Maru,'' following a fire. ](/news/2007/02/15/chris-ellison-the-australian-minister-for-justice-warns-anti-whaling-protesters-and-the-japanese-whaling-fleet-that-they-could-face-quest.md) _Context: Nisshin Maru, Southern Ocean, hunt_
3. [At an annual meeting of the Convention for the Conservation of Antarctic Marine Living Resources in Hobart, Australia, twenty-four countries and the European Union agree to create the world's largest marine park in Antarctica's Ross Sea. The marine park will cover more than 12 percent of the Southern Ocean, and will be protected from commercial fishing for 35 years. ](/news/2016/10/28/at-an-annual-meeting-of-the-convention-for-the-conservation-of-antarctic-marine-living-resources-in-hobart-australia-twenty-four-countries.md) _Context: Antarctica, Southern Ocean_
4. [Australia is threatening to take legal action against Japan over its resumption of its controversial whale hunt in the Antarctic Ocean. A whaling fleet set sail last week, ignoring international condemnation, and last year's ruling by the International Court of Justice (ICJ) prohibiting these  hunts. ](/news/2015/12/7/australia-is-threatening-to-take-legal-action-against-japan-over-its-resumption-of-its-controversial-whale-hunt-in-the-antarctic-ocean-a-wh.md) _Context: Southern Ocean, hunt_
5. [Japan advises the International Whaling Commission  that it plans to resume hunting minke whales for scientific research in the Antarctic Ocean by the end of March 2016. The United Nations' International Court of Justice (ICJ) ruled in March 2014 that Japan's decades-old whale hunt in the Antarctic should stop, prompting Tokyo to cancel the bulk of its whaling for the 2014/2015 season. ICJ decisions were binding and cannot be appealed. ](/news/2015/11/28/japan-advises-the-international-whaling-commission-that-it-plans-to-resume-hunting-minke-whales-for-scientific-research-in-the-antarctic-oc.md) _Context: Southern Ocean, hunt_
6. [A gigantic iceberg is floating in the Southern Ocean after breaking off the Pine Island Glacier in Antarctica. ](/news/2013/11/13/a-gigantic-iceberg-is-floating-in-the-southern-ocean-after-breaking-off-the-pine-island-glacier-in-antarctica.md) _Context: Antarctica, Southern Ocean_
7. [Japanese whaling vessels clash with Sea Shepherd Conservation Society Neptune's Navy boats in the Southern Ocean with the MY ''Steve Irwin'' and MY ''Bob Barker'' sustaining damage. ](/news/2013/02/20/japanese-whaling-vessels-clash-with-sea-shepherd-conservation-society-neptune-s-navy-boats-in-the-southern-ocean-with-the-my-steve-irwin.md) _Context: Southern Ocean, hunt_
8. [Bob Brown, former leader of the Australian Greens, becomes the President of the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society leading the campaign against Japanese whaling in the Southern Ocean. ](/news/2013/01/8/bob-brown-former-leader-of-the-australian-greens-becomes-the-president-of-the-sea-shepherd-conservation-society-leading-the-campaign-again.md) _Context: Southern Ocean, hunt_
9. [The governments of the United States, Australia, New Zealand and the Netherlands protest the start of Japan's whaling season off the coast of Antarctica. ](/news/2011/12/14/the-governments-of-the-united-states-australia-new-zealand-and-the-netherlands-protest-the-start-of-japan-s-whaling-season-off-the-coast-o.md) _Context: Antarctica, hunt_
10. [Japanese officials announce their intention to send the country's whaling fleet back to Antarctica later in the year; the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society (SSCS) is also to return. ](/news/2011/07/12/japanese-officials-announce-their-intention-to-send-the-country-s-whaling-fleet-back-to-antarctica-later-in-the-year-the-sea-shepherd-conse.md) _Context: Antarctica, hunt_
