### [2012-03-5](/news/2012/03/5/index.md)

# The trial of former Prime Minister of Iceland Geir Haarde on charges of negligence in relation to the financial crisis begins in Reykjavik. 

The trial of former Icelandic Prime Minister Geir Haarde, on charges of negligence over the 2008 financial crisis, begins in Reykjavik.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-17254544)

### Related:

1. [Iceland's parliament, the Althing, refers charges of misconduct in office related to the 2008-2012 Icelandic financial crisis against former Prime Minister of Iceland Geir Haarde to the Landsdomur, a special court for such cases. ](/news/2010/09/28/iceland-s-parliament-the-althing-refers-charges-of-misconduct-in-office-related-to-the-2008a2012-icelandic-financial-crisis-against-form.md) _Context: 2008 economic meltdown, Geir Haarde, Icelandic Prime Minister_
2. [ Icelandic Prime Minister Geir Haarde announces the collapse of his coalition government in the wake of the country's financial crisis. ](/news/2009/01/26/icelandic-prime-minister-geir-haarde-announces-the-collapse-of-his-coalition-government-in-the-wake-of-the-country-s-financial-crisis.md) _Context: 2008 economic meltdown, Geir Haarde, Icelandic Prime Minister_
3. [Former Icelandic prime minister Geir Haarde is found not guilty of negligence over the island's 2008 economic meltdown. He is to face no punishment and his legal expenses are to be paid. ](/news/2012/04/23/former-icelandic-prime-minister-geir-haarde-is-found-not-guilty-of-negligence-over-the-island-s-2008-economic-meltdown-he-is-to-face-no-pun.md) _Context: 2008 economic meltdown, Geir Haarde_
4. [U.S. President Donald Trump's lawyers tell a federal court, in a case alleging negligence and incitement to riot during a 2016 campaign rally in Louisville, Kentucky, that he is "immune from suit because he is President of the United States." A lawyer for the plaintiffs responds that, in ''Clinton v. Jones'', the Supreme Court found the president could be sued for events that occurred before he took office. ](/news/2017/04/15/u-s-president-donald-trump-s-lawyers-tell-a-federal-court-in-a-case-alleging-negligence-and-incitement-to-riot-during-a-2016-campaign-rall.md) _Context: negligence_
5. [Icelandic Prime Minister Sigmundur David Gunnlaugsson temporarily steps down amid allegations his family attempted to hide millions in an offshore account. ](/news/2016/04/5/icelandic-prime-minister-sigmundur-davaadeg-gunnlaugsson-temporarily-steps-down-amid-allegations-his-family-attempted-to-hide-millions-in-an.md) _Context: Icelandic Prime Minister_
6. [Icelandic Prime Minister Sigmundur David Gunnlaugsson refuses to resign after leaked "Panama Papers" tax documents showed he and his wife used an offshore firm to allegedly hide million-dollar investments. "I have not considered quitting because of this matter nor am I going to quit because of this matter," Gunnlaugsson told Icelandic television Channel 2. ](/news/2016/04/4/icelandic-prime-minister-sigmundur-davaadeg-gunnlaugsson-refuses-to-resign-after-leaked-panama-papers-tax-documents-showed-he-and-his-wife.md) _Context: Icelandic Prime Minister_
7. [A Wisconsin gun shop, which a jury found negligently sold the gun an assailant used to injure two Milwaukee police officers to a straw buyer, reaches a $1 million settlement with the officers. ](/news/2015/12/12/a-wisconsin-gun-shop-which-a-jury-found-negligently-sold-the-gun-an-assailant-used-to-injure-two-milwaukee-police-officers-to-a-straw-buyer.md) _Context: negligence_
8. [Five Costa Crociere employees plead guilty to manslaughter and negligence charges in relation to the Costa Concordia disaster that cost 32 crew and passengers their lives off the coast of Italy. Captain Francesco Schettino is being tried separately. ](/news/2013/07/20/five-costa-crociere-employees-plead-guilty-to-manslaughter-and-negligence-charges-in-relation-to-the-costa-concordia-disaster-that-cost-32-c.md) _Context: negligence_
9. [An Egyptian court reaffirms the death sentence for 21 football fans for their role in the 2012 Port Said Stadium riot and sentenced two security officers to 15 years in jail for negligence. ](/news/2013/03/9/an-egyptian-court-reaffirms-the-death-sentence-for-21-football-fans-for-their-role-in-the-2012-port-said-stadium-riot-and-sentenced-two-secu.md) _Context: negligence_
10. [Tanzanian authorities charge four people with negligence in relation to the Zanzibar ferry sinking that cost at least 240 lives on September 10. ](/news/2011/09/17/tanzanian-authorities-charge-four-people-with-negligence-in-relation-to-the-zanzibar-ferry-sinking-that-cost-at-least-240-lives-on-september.md) _Context: negligence_
