### [2012-07-3](/news/2012/07/3/index.md)

# The current governing coalition in Romania, the Social Liberal Union, starts a fast-paced parliamentary offensive against President Traian Basescu by dismissing the leaders of both chambers of Parliament. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/06/19/us-romania-politics-idUSBRE85I0JE20120619)

### Related:

1. [The President of Romania nominates current Prime Minister Victor Ponta of the Social Liberal Union to form a new government after the parliamentary election held earlier this month. ](/news/2012/12/17/the-president-of-romania-nominates-current-prime-minister-victor-ponta-of-the-social-liberal-union-to-form-a-new-government-after-the-parlia.md) _Context: President, Social Liberal Union_
2. [For the second time in history and with the same person, the Parliament of Romania votes to suspend President Traian Basescu from office. On 29 July 2012 he will face a national referendum for his dismissal. ](/news/2012/07/6/for-the-second-time-in-history-and-with-the-same-person-the-parliament-of-romania-votes-to-suspend-president-traian-basescu-from-office-o.md) _Context: Parliament of Romania, President_
3. [After a short term political crisis, started when the governing PSD retracted its support, the Parliament of Romania passes a no confidence motion against the government led by former PSD Prime Minister Sorin Grindeanu. ](/news/2017/06/21/after-a-short-term-political-crisis-started-when-the-governing-psd-retracted-its-support-the-parliament-of-romania-passes-a-no-confidence.md) _Context: Parliament of Romania_
4. [Romanian President Klaus Iohannis designates social-democrat Sorin Grindeanu as the country's new prime minister, after the victory of the centre-left PSD earlier this month. ](/news/2016/12/30/romanian-president-klaus-iohannis-designates-social-democrat-sorin-grindeanu-as-the-country-s-new-prime-minister-after-the-victory-of-the-c.md) _Context: President_
5. [Romania's centre-left Social Democratic Party won 45% of the seats in both houses of parliament  in Sunday's election, and with the expected participation of the liberal centre-right Alliance of Liberals and Democrats Party in the coalition government, will hold an outright majority of 250 seats in the 465-seat assembly. ](/news/2016/12/15/romania-s-centre-left-social-democratic-party-won-45-of-the-seats-in-both-houses-of-parliament-in-sunday-s-election-and-with-the-expected.md) _Context: Parliament of Romania_
6. [Romanian presidential election, 2014:More than 18 million Romanians are expected to go to the polls to choose their president in one of the most important elections since the 1989 revolution. ''[http://english.hotnews.ro/stiri-top_news-18434801-romania-heads-first-round-presidential-elections-key-moment-for-democracy-and-state-law.htm (HotNews.ro)]'' ''[http://www.euractiv.com/sections/elections/romanians-elect-new-president-atmosphere-scandal-309682 (EurActiv)]''Romanian Prime Minister Victor Ponta, from the rulling PSD, and the ethnic German mayor of Sibiu Klaus Iohannis, from the opposition ACL electoral alliance, will face a November 16 runoff, with the incumbent Social democrat premier favored to win. ''[http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-29874030 (BBC)]''   ](/news/2014/11/2/romanian-presidential-election-2014-pmore-than-18-million-romanians-are-expected-to-go-to-the-polls-to-choose-their-president-in-one-of-the.md) _Context: President_
7. [Both houses of the Romanian parliament widely adopt a joint statement urging Romania's president Traian Basescu to resign, following corruption scandals involving his arrested brother's graft case and one of his sons-in-law's implication in a criminal investigation. ](/news/2014/06/25/both-houses-of-the-romanian-parliament-widely-adopt-a-joint-statement-urging-romania-s-president-traian-basescu-to-resign-following-corrup.md) _Context: Parliament of Romania_
8. [Romanian President Traian Basescu denies any implication in his brother's graft case in which he is charged with receiving 250,000 euros in order to facilitate the release of a well-known incarcerated mobster. Hours after the president's press conference, his brother, Mircea, was arrested for 24h.](/news/2014/06/19/romanian-president-traian-basescu-denies-any-implication-in-his-brother-s-graft-case-in-which-he-is-charged-with-receiving-250-000-euros-in.md) _Context: President_
9. [Romanian President Traian Basescu sparks a new crisis by refusing to sign the country's IMF accord and threatens Prime Minister Victor Ponta's government with rejecting the national budget, blocking important indexations of salaries and pensions for the following year, over an ongoing political feud between the two leaders. ](/news/2013/12/3/romanian-president-traian-basescu-sparks-a-new-crisis-by-refusing-to-sign-the-country-s-imf-accord-and-threatens-prime-minister-victor-pont.md) _Context: President_
10. [Voters in Romania go to the polls for parliamentary elections with the governing Social Liberal Union led by Prime Minister Victor Ponta winning by a landslide majority in both the Chamber of Deputies and the Senate. ](/news/2012/12/9/voters-in-romania-go-to-the-polls-for-parliamentary-elections-with-the-governing-social-liberal-union-led-by-prime-minister-victor-ponta-win.md) _Context: Social Liberal Union_
