### [2009-04-20](/news/2009/04/20/index.md)

#  The United Nations World Conference against Racism begins in Geneva, Switzerland. 

A UN conference on racism is due to open in Geneva today amid controversy over a walkout by Western countries and fears that Iran&#039;s president could launch another verbal onslaught on Israel.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/8008572.stm)
2. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/burningIssues/idUKTRE53J3PI20090420?pageNumber=1&virtualBrandChannel=0)
3. [Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/5185440/UN-racism-summit-to-open-in-Geneva.html)
4. [Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/eu/5188473/Britain-and-EU-diplomats-walk-out-as-Mahmoud-Ahmadinejad-calls-Israel-racist.html)
4. [Cover Image](http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/01382/IRAN_1382268a.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Syrian government airstrikes, and rockets from Islamist insurgents, hit many neighborhoods in Aleppo. Fatalities are reported on both sides of the city. This continued fighting threatens the truce and peace talks being held in Geneva, Switzerland. UN envoy Staffan de Mistura says he will meet the government delegation Monday, and will sit down with the main opposition High Negotiations Committee later in the week. ](/news/2016/04/16/syrian-government-airstrikes-and-rockets-from-islamist-insurgents-hit-many-neighborhoods-in-aleppo-fatalities-are-reported-on-both-sides.md) _Context: Geneva, Switzerland, United Nations_
2. [The High Negotiations Committee, Syria's main opposition group, will attend Monday's U.N.-brokered peace talks in Geneva, Switzerland, a day shy of the fifth anniversary of the start of the conflict, and two-plus weeks into the ceasefire agreement. Although fighting continues, a significant drop in violence has been seen during the truce. The first round of Geneva talks collapsed on Feb. 3 during a government offensive against rebels in Aleppo. ](/news/2016/03/11/the-high-negotiations-committee-syria-s-main-opposition-group-will-attend-monday-s-u-n-brokered-peace-talks-in-geneva-switzerland-a-day.md) _Context: Geneva, Switzerland, United Nations_
3. [United Nations officials announce the creation of a new team in Geneva to investigate possible war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide during the Syrian Civil War in order to prepare for future prosecutions of those responsible. ](/news/2017/02/16/united-nations-officials-announce-the-creation-of-a-new-team-in-geneva-to-investigate-possible-war-crimes-crimes-against-humanity-and-genoc.md) _Context: Geneva, United Nations_
4. [ The delegation of the government of Syria rules out starting any direct talks with the opposition delegation as U.N. sponsored peace talks enter a third day in Geneva. ](/news/2016/03/16/the-delegation-of-the-government-of-syria-rules-out-starting-any-direct-talks-with-the-opposition-delegation-as-u-n-sponsored-peace-talks.md) _Context: Geneva, United Nations_
5. [Saudi Arabian Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir says the country's recent tensions with Iran will not interfere with Syrian peace talks scheduled to begin in Geneva, Switzerland, later this month. ](/news/2016/01/5/saudi-arabian-foreign-minister-adel-al-jubeir-says-the-country-s-recent-tensions-with-iran-will-not-interfere-with-syrian-peace-talks-schedu.md) _Context: Geneva, Switzerland_
6. [Swiss police in Geneva, following yesterday's CIA tip, arrest two Syrian nationals. Apparently, traces of explosives were found in their car. President Simonetta Sommaruga says, "There is currently no indication that there was a concrete attack planned." ](/news/2015/12/11/swiss-police-in-geneva-following-yesterday-s-cia-tip-arrest-two-syrian-nationals-apparently-traces-of-explosives-were-found-in-their-car.md) _Context: Geneva, Switzerland_
7. [The Large Hadron Collider at CERN centre in Geneva, Switzerland has been restarted after a two-year conversion. ](/news/2015/04/5/the-large-hadron-collider-at-cern-centre-in-geneva-switzerland-has-been-restarted-after-a-two-year-conversion.md) _Context: Geneva, Switzerland_
8. [The Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Israel) announces that it will boycott Durban III (World Conference against Racism), the 2011 United Nations summit commemorating the tenth anniversary of the World Conference against Racism 2001, due to the conference's "anti-Semitic undertones and displays of hatred for Israel and the Jewish world," a day after the UN General Assembly approved a resolution, by a vote of 104 to 22, with 33 abstentions, to hold the summit in September 2011; Canada has already announced that it will also not attend, calling it a "charade". ](/news/2010/12/26/the-ministry-of-foreign-affairs-israel-announces-that-it-will-boycott-durban-iii-world-conference-against-racism-the-2011-united-nation.md) _Context: United Nations, World Conference against Racism_
9. [The United Nations office for torture issues in Geneva investigates an abuse complaint concerning United States Army private Bradley Manning, suspected by the United States government of passing classified documents to the WikiLeaks website. ](/news/2010/12/22/the-united-nations-office-for-torture-issues-in-geneva-investigates-an-abuse-complaint-concerning-united-states-army-private-bradley-manning.md) _Context: Geneva, United Nations_
10. [ Protesters and police clash at a demonstration protesting a meeting of the World Trade Organization in Geneva, Switzerland. ](/news/2009/11/28/protesters-and-police-clash-at-a-demonstration-protesting-a-meeting-of-the-world-trade-organization-in-geneva-switzerland.md) _Context: Geneva, Switzerland_
