### [2014-05-5](/news/2014/05/5/index.md)

# A Ukrainian military helicopter patrolling around the eastern city of Sloviansk is shot down; all of the pilots survived and were later rescued. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/E/EU_MOLDOVA_UKRAINE?SITE=AP&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT&CTIME=2014-05-05-16-48-17)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2014/05/05/world/europe/ukraine-crisis/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Heavy fighting between the Ukrainian military and pro-Russian militants takes place in and around the rebel-held eastern city of Sloviansk. ](/news/2014/06/3/heavy-fighting-between-the-ukrainian-military-and-pro-russian-militants-takes-place-in-and-around-the-rebel-held-eastern-city-of-sloviansk.md) _Context: Eastern Ukraine, Sloviansk_
2. [The Armed Forces of Ukraine launch a military operation against separatists in the city of Sloviansk with claims of many deaths and two Ukrainian Army helicopters downed. In the port city of Odessa, violent clashes kill at least 42 people, as pro-Ukrainians set the pro-Russian headquarters on fire. ](/news/2014/05/2/the-armed-forces-of-ukraine-launch-a-military-operation-against-separatists-in-the-city-of-sloviansk-with-claims-of-many-deaths-and-two-ukra.md) _Context: Siege of Sloviansk, Sloviansk_
3. [Ukraine's domestic intelligence service, the SBU, reports that the March 2017 explosions at Balakliia military base in Eastern Ukraine were caused by a drone carrying a ZMG-1 thermite grenade. The explosions resulted in 1 death and 5 injuries. ](/news/2017/07/27/ukraine-s-domestic-intelligence-service-the-sbu-reports-that-the-march-2017-explosions-at-balakliia-military-base-in-eastern-ukraine-were.md) _Context: Eastern Ukraine_
4. [Ukraine sues Russia at the International Court of Justice, accusing the latter of being engaged in acts of "terrorism" and "discrimination" in eastern Ukraine and Crimea. ](/news/2017/01/16/ukraine-sues-russia-at-the-international-court-of-justice-accusing-the-latter-of-being-engaged-in-acts-of-terrorism-and-discrimination.md) _Context: Eastern Ukraine_
5. [German Chancellor Angela Merkel invites the presidents of Russia, Ukraine, and France to meet tomorrow in Berlin to discuss peace efforts in eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2016/10/18/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-invites-the-presidents-of-russia-ukraine-and-france-to-meet-tomorrow-in-berlin-to-discuss-peace-efforts-in.md) _Context: Eastern Ukraine_
6. [The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe warns that the situation in Eastern Ukraine is worsening. Chief monitor for Ukraine Ertugrul Apakan says that "during the past weeks, the OSCE has registered the highest number of cease-fire violations in months" and warned that artillery and mortars banned under Minsk II "are being used again in increased numbers." ](/news/2016/04/28/the-organization-for-security-and-co-operation-in-europe-warns-that-the-situation-in-eastern-ukraine-is-worsening-chief-monitor-for-ukraine.md) _Context: Eastern Ukraine_
7. [Representatives of the Russian-backed Donetsk People's Republic in Eastern Ukraine say at least five civilians are killed by artillery fire at a checkpoint in the town of Olenivka, with another 10 injured. Kiev denies the accusation. A local border-guard spokesman says there was an explosion at the checkpoint but he saw no artillery fired from either side, suggesting the blast could have been a bomb. ](/news/2016/04/27/representatives-of-the-russian-backed-donetsk-people-s-republic-in-eastern-ukraine-say-at-least-five-civilians-are-killed-by-artillery-fire.md) _Context: Eastern Ukraine_
8. [A Ukrainian military spokesman says three of its soldiers were killed by a mortar attack in the country's east, the heaviest toll reported in the region in nearly two months. ](/news/2016/04/20/a-ukrainian-military-spokesman-says-three-of-its-soldiers-were-killed-by-a-mortar-attack-in-the-country-s-east-the-heaviest-toll-reported-i.md) _Context: Eastern Ukraine_
9. [A Ukrainian court sentences two Russian nationals to 14 years in prison each on charges of fighting alongside Russian-backed separatists in eastern Ukraine. Moscow contends that the two Russians were no longer employed by the state when they were captured. ](/news/2016/04/18/a-ukrainian-court-sentences-two-russian-nationals-to-14-years-in-prison-each-on-charges-of-fighting-alongside-russian-backed-separatists-in.md) _Context: Eastern Ukraine_
10. [International monitors from the OSCE report that fighting has intensified in Eastern Ukraine as a second year of a shaky truce begins. The worst of the fighting is located between government-controlled Avdiivka and separatist-controlled Yasynuvata. ](/news/2016/04/1/international-monitors-from-the-osce-report-that-fighting-has-intensified-in-eastern-ukraine-as-a-second-year-of-a-shaky-truce-begins-the-w.md) _Context: Eastern Ukraine_
