### [2014-05-5](/news/2014/05/5/index.md)

# At least two people are dead and 30 missing after two boats carrying illegal immigrants collide in the Aegean Sea off the coast of Greece. 

ATHENS, Greece &#8211; Greece&#8217;s coast guard says it has recovered 14 bodies from inside a capsized migrant smuggling boat, bringing the total number of dead in the incident to 18. The yacht and a dinghy crammed with dozens of immigrants trying to enter Greece illegally capsized before dawn Monday off the coast of the island &hellip;


### Source:

1. [AP via 680 News](http://www.680news.com/2014/05/05/greece-says-2-dead-30-missing-after-migrant-ships-sink-in-aegean-sea/)

### Related:

1. [Greek coast guard opens fire on a Turkish-flagged cargo vessel in the Aegean Sea. ](/news/2017/07/3/greek-coast-guard-opens-fire-on-a-turkish-flagged-cargo-vessel-in-the-aegean-sea.md) _Context: Aegean Sea_
2. [An earthquake of 6.3 magnitude shakes the Aegean Sea, causing one death. Many houses were damaged in Plomari, Greece, and some collapsed. ](/news/2017/06/12/an-earthquake-of-6-3-magnitude-shakes-the-aegean-sea-causing-one-death-many-houses-were-damaged-in-plomari-greece-and-some-collapsed.md) _Context: Aegean Sea_
3. [At least 25 migrants, including 10 children, drown  after their wooden boat capsizes in the Aegean Sea near the seaside town of Didim, Turkey. The Turkish Coast Guard was able to rescue 15 people. ](/news/2016/03/6/at-least-25-migrants-including-10-children-drown-after-their-wooden-boat-capsizes-in-the-aegean-sea-near-the-seaside-town-of-didim-turke.md) _Context: Aegean Sea_
4. [ European Union leaders offer Turkey a detailed package of cash and incentives to agree that all migrants attempting to cross the Aegean Sea by raft or boat would be sent back to Turkey which, in effect, becomes the region's migrant holding center. A number of stumbling blocks remain, such as raising the amount of aid from 3 billion euros to at least 6 billion euros; reducing the "72 arduous conditions" the Turks must meet to implement visa-free travel for Turkish citizens;  Europe agrees to  accelerate talks with Ankara on its EU bid; etc.  Human Rights Watch protests the proposed  fast-track collective expulsions that fail to take individual circumstances into account and breach peoples' right to seek asylum. ](/news/2016/03/18/european-union-leaders-offer-turkey-a-detailed-package-of-cash-and-incentives-to-agree-that-all-migrants-attempting-to-cross-the-aegean-sea.md) _Context: Aegean Sea_
5. [At least 27 migrants die in a shipwreck in the Aegean Sea when a boat capsizes  in the Turkish bay of Edremit, near the Greek island of Lesbos. ](/news/2016/02/8/at-least-27-migrants-die-in-a-shipwreck-in-the-aegean-sea-when-a-boat-capsizes-in-the-turkish-bay-of-edremit-near-the-greek-island-of-lesb.md) _Context: Aegean Sea_
6. [A Hellenic Navy helicopter crashes while taking part in a military exercise in the Aegean Sea, near the Greek island of Kinaros, three Greek naval airmen are feared dead. ](/news/2016/02/11/a-hellenic-navy-helicopter-crashes-while-taking-part-in-a-military-exercise-in-the-aegean-sea-near-the-greek-island-of-kinaros-three-greek.md) _Context: Aegean Sea_
7. [NATO, during a two-day meeting, considers request from Turkey and Greece to monitor migrant transit in the Aegean Sea and to combat human traffickers  squeezing refugees onto unsafe boats. ](/news/2016/02/10/nato-during-a-two-day-meeting-considers-request-from-turkey-and-greece-to-monitor-migrant-transit-in-the-aegean-sea-and-to-combat-human-tr.md) _Context: Aegean Sea_
8. [A boat carrying Iraqi Kurd migrants sinks off the Greek island of Samos  in the Aegean Sea off Turkey's Anatolian coast, killing at least 24 people, including several children, with 11 others missing. ](/news/2016/01/28/a-boat-carrying-iraqi-kurd-migrants-sinks-off-the-greek-island-of-samos-in-the-aegean-sea-off-turkey-s-anatolian-coast-killing-at-least-24.md) _Context: Aegean Sea_
9. [A Russian warship fires warning shots at a Turkish vessel in the Aegean Sea to "avoid a collision", according to the Russian Defence Ministry. ](/news/2015/12/13/a-russian-warship-fires-warning-shots-at-a-turkish-vessel-in-the-aegean-sea-to-avoid-a-collision-according-to-the-russian-defence-ministr.md) _Context: Aegean Sea_
10. [Greek prime minister Alexis Tsipras lashes out at European "ineptness" in handling the continent's massive immigration crisis. The Associated Press reports 31 more people -- mostly children -- drowned in shipwrecks in the Mediterranean Sea near the islands of Kalymnos and Rhodes. Turkey's state-run agency says four children drowned and two others are missing after two new accidents with boats headed to Greece's Lesbos and Samos islands. The death toll in the Aegean Sea over the past three days is at least 50. The Greek coast guard says they rescued 600 people in the past 24 hours, while thousands more made it safely from Turkey to Greece's southeastern islands. ](/news/2015/10/30/greek-prime-minister-alexis-tsipras-lashes-out-at-european-ineptness-in-handling-the-continent-s-massive-immigration-crisis-the-associate.md) _Context: Aegean Sea_
