### [2014-05-5](/news/2014/05/5/index.md)

# Russian media reveals that President Vladimir Putin secretly signed a decree (No. 279) honoring more than 300 journalists for their "objective coverage" of Crimea's seizure from Ukraine. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/05/05/us-ukraine-crisis-media-idUSBREA440NJ20140505)

### Related:

1. [List of individuals sanctioned during the Ukrainian crisis: The European Union extends the asset freeze and travel ban against 146 persons and 37 entities, including close associates of Russian President Vladimir Putin, by six months until 15 March 2017 for the annexation of Crimea from Ukraine. ](/news/2016/09/15/list-of-individuals-sanctioned-during-the-ukrainian-crisis-the-european-union-extends-the-asset-freeze-and-travel-ban-against-146-persons-a.md) _Context: Crimea, Vladimir Putin_
2. [2014 Crimean crisis:: Russian President Vladimir Putin visits Crimea for the first time since the annexation, arriving in Sevastopol for Victory Day celebrations. ](/news/2014/05/9/2014-crimean-crisis-russian-president-vladimir-putin-visits-crimea-for-the-first-time-since-the-annexation-arriving-in-sevastopol-for-vic.md) _Context: Crimea, Vladimir Putin_
3. [2014 Crimean crisis:: Russian President Vladimir Putin holds a press conference, saying that -force isn-t needed right now- after deploying roughly 16,000 troops to Crimea. ](/news/2014/03/4/2014-crimean-crisis-russian-president-vladimir-putin-holds-a-press-conference-saying-that-force-isn-t-needed-right-now-after-depl.md) _Context: Crimea, Vladimir Putin_
4. [Russia-United States relations: U.S. President Donald Trump says he and Russian President Vladimir Putin "discussed forming an impenetrable cyber security unit so that election hacking, and many other negative things, will be guarded and safe." Trump later says he does not think this will happen. ](/news/2017/07/9/russia-united-states-relations-u-s-president-donald-trump-says-he-and-russian-president-vladimir-putin-discussed-forming-an-impenetrabl.md) _Context: Vladimir Putin_
5. [2017 G20 Hamburg summit: Leaders from the Group of Twenty come together at the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, including United States President Donald Trump who is set to meet with President of Russia Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2017/07/7/2017-g20-hamburg-summit-leaders-from-the-group-of-twenty-come-together-at-the-g20-summit-in-hamburg-germany-including-united-states-presi.md) _Context: Vladimir Putin_
6. [Russia and the United Nations: Russian President Vladimir Putin appoints Vasily Nebenzya to be the new Permanent Representative of Russia to the United Nations following the sudden death of Vitaly Churkin in February. ](/news/2017/07/27/russia-and-the-united-nations-russian-president-vladimir-putin-appoints-vasily-nebenzya-to-be-the-new-permanent-representative-of-russia-to.md) _Context: Vladimir Putin_
7. [Philippines-Russia relations: Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, who later had to cut short his visit to Moscow because of terrorist attacks on the Philippine southern island of Mindanao, tells Russia President Vladimir Putin that the Philippines is looking to Russia for modern arms to fight ISIL. ](/news/2017/05/22/philippines-russia-relations-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-who-later-had-to-cut-short-his-visit-to-moscow-because-of-terrorist-at.md) _Context: Vladimir Putin_
8. [Russian president Vladimir Putin attends the International Arctic Forum in Arkhangelsk, Russia. He says there that he is ready to meet U.S. President Donald Trump in Helsinki, Finland. ](/news/2017/03/30/russian-president-vladimir-putin-attends-the-international-arctic-forum-in-arkhangelsk-russia-he-says-there-that-he-is-ready-to-meet-u-s.md) _Context: Vladimir Putin_
9. [France-Russia relations: French National Front presidential candidate Marine Le Pen meets with Russian president Vladimir Putin and afterwards urges that European Union sanctions on Russia be lifted. ](/news/2017/03/24/france-russia-relations-french-national-front-presidential-candidate-marine-le-pen-meets-with-russian-president-vladimir-putin-and-afterw.md) _Context: Vladimir Putin_
10. [Eurovision Song Contest 2017: Russia-Ukraine relations: The Security Service of Ukraine bans Yuliya Samoylova, Russia's entrant in this year's Eurovision Song Contest, from entering the country. This follows allegations that she had toured in Crimea following its annexation by Russia. ](/news/2017/03/22/eurovision-song-contest-2017-russia-ukraine-relations-the-security-service-of-ukraine-bans-yuliya-samoylova-russia-s-entrant-in-this-ye.md) _Context: Crimea_
