### [2014-05-5](/news/2014/05/5/index.md)

# The U.S. Supreme Court rules that a practice of beginning legislative sessions with prayers does not violate the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment. 




### Source:

1. [Los Angeles Times](http://www.latimes.com/nation/nationnow/la-na-nn-supreme-court-religion-catholics-jews-20140505,0,5918654.story)

### Related:

1. [Neil Gorsuch Supreme Court nomination. President Donald Trump's pick for the U.S. Supreme Court, Neil Gorsuch, is sworn in at the White House. ](/news/2017/04/10/neil-gorsuch-supreme-court-nomination-president-donald-trump-s-pick-for-the-u-s-supreme-court-neil-gorsuch-is-sworn-in-at-the-white-hous.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
2. [United States immigration ban. A U.S. federal judge in Hawaii, finding the revised federal immigration/refugee executive order violates the U.S. Constitution's religious establishment clause, grants the state of Hawaii's motion for a nationwide temporary restraining order on these rules that were set to become effective at midnight. President Donald Trump vows to appeal this ruling. Two other federal courts held hearings on similar requests filed by the states of Maryland and Washington; neither of these judges issued a ruling. ](/news/2017/03/15/united-states-immigration-ban-a-u-s-federal-judge-in-hawaii-finding-the-revised-federal-immigration-refugee-executive-order-violates-the.md) _Context: religious establishment clause_
3. [ The U.S. Supreme Court upholds an appeals court decision in an insider trading case, Salman v. U.S., holding that there is no requirement that a tipper receive any pecuniary consideration for a breach of faith in order to predicate the prosecution of the tippee. ](/news/2016/12/6/the-u-s-supreme-court-upholds-an-appeals-court-decision-in-an-insider-trading-case-salman-v-u-s-holding-that-there-is-no-requirement-t.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
4. [A unanimous opinion of the U.S. Supreme Court finds that the constitutional guarantee of a speedy trial does not guarantee a speedy sentencing hearing. ](/news/2016/05/19/a-unanimous-opinion-of-the-u-s-supreme-court-finds-that-the-constitutional-guarantee-of-a-speedy-trial-does-not-guarantee-a-speedy-sentenci.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
5. [The U.S. Supreme Court agrees to hear an appeal that may redefine the boundaries of insider trading in U.S. law and regulation, especially as it relates to tips shared among family and friends. ](/news/2016/01/19/the-u-s-supreme-court-agrees-to-hear-an-appeal-that-may-redefine-the-boundaries-of-insider-trading-in-u-s-law-and-regulation-especially-a.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
6. [The U.S. Supreme Court agrees to decide whether software can be patented. ](/news/2013/12/6/the-u-s-supreme-court-agrees-to-decide-whether-software-can-be-patented.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
7. [The U.S. Supreme Court says that it will hear a securities fraud case this term that arises out of the asbestos liabilities of Halliburton, an oilfield services company. ](/news/2013/11/15/the-u-s-supreme-court-says-that-it-will-hear-a-securities-fraud-case-this-term-that-arises-out-of-the-asbestos-liabilities-of-halliburton.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
8. [The U.S. Supreme Court declines to take on the review of an abortion-related appeal. The case, which is a proposed measure to amend the Oklahoma state constitution that was unanimously struck down by the Oklahoma Supreme Court, dealt with the constitutionality of state "personhood" laws that endorse the viewpoint that human life begins at conception, and would give human embryos rights and privileges given to citizens, which could have made it more difficult to have abortions for non-emergency reasons. ](/news/2012/10/29/the-u-s-supreme-court-declines-to-take-on-the-review-of-an-abortion-related-appeal-the-case-which-is-a-proposed-measure-to-amend-the-okla.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
9. [ The U.S. Supreme Court denies a bail request by Conrad Black, a member of the British House of Lords who remains in a federal prison in Florida.](/news/2009/06/11/the-u-s-supreme-court-denies-a-bail-request-by-conrad-black-a-member-of-the-british-house-of-lords-who-remains-in-a-federal-prison-in-flo.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
10. [ File-swapping service iMesh confirms that it has entered into a licensing agreement with music giant Sony/BMG. The deal is widely considered a reaction to a recent decision by the U.S. Supreme Court threatening liability for file swapping software providers.](/news/2005/07/8/file-swapping-service-imesh-confirms-that-it-has-entered-into-a-licensing-agreement-with-music-giant-sony-bmg-the-deal-is-widely-considere.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
