### [2016-05-10](/news/2016/05/10/index.md)

#  Kurdish-Turkish conflict (2015-present). At least three are killed in a car bomb targeting a Turkish police vehicle in Diyarbakir, Turkey. 

A car bomb on Tuesday struck a police vehicle that was carrying officers escorting seven recently detained Kurdish militants in the mainly-Kurdish city of Diyarbakir, killing three people and wounding 45 others, officials said.


### Source:

1. [FOX News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2016/05/10/bombing-targets-police-in-southeastern-turkey-state-media-report.html)

### Related:

1. [Kurdish-Turkish conflict (2015-present). Suspected Kurdish militants fire rockets at Diyarbakir Airport in Diyarbakir, Turkey. ](/news/2016/08/27/kurdish-turkish-conflict-2015-present-suspected-kurdish-militants-fire-rockets-at-diyarbaka-r-airport-in-diyarbaka-r-turkey.md) _Context: Diyarbakir, Kurdish-Turkish conflict (2015-present), Turkey_
2. [Kurdish-Turkish conflict (2015-present). A military operation leaves three Turkish soldiers dead and another three wounded in Hakkari Province, Turkey. ](/news/2016/12/2/kurdish-turkish-conflict-2015-present-a-military-operation-leaves-three-turkish-soldiers-dead-and-another-three-wounded-in-hakkac-ri-p.md) _Context: Kurdish-Turkish conflict (2015-present), Turkey_
3. [Kurdish-Turkish conflict. A car bomb kills at least eight people and injures up to 100 in Diyarbakir, Turkey. ](/news/2016/11/4/kurdish-turkish-conflict-a-car-bomb-kills-at-least-eight-people-and-injures-up-to-100-in-diyarbaka-r-turkey.md) _Context: Diyarbakir, Turkey_
4. [Kurdish-Turkish conflict (2015-present). A suspected PKK car bomb kills at least 17 people, and injures 27 others in Turkey's southeast Hakkari Province. ](/news/2016/10/9/kurdish-turkish-conflict-2015-present-a-suspected-pkk-car-bomb-kills-at-least-17-people-and-injures-27-others-in-turkey-s-southeast.md) _Context: Kurdish-Turkish conflict (2015-present), Turkey_
5. [Kurdish-Turkish conflict (2015-present). Three bombings targeting police and military kill at least 12 people and wound 219 in southeast Turkey. ](/news/2016/08/18/kurdish-turkish-conflict-2015-present-three-bombings-targeting-police-and-military-kill-at-least-12-people-and-wound-219-in-southeast.md) _Context: Kurdish-Turkish conflict (2015-present), Turkey_
6. [Kurdish-Turkish conflict (2015-present). At least six Turkish soldiers are killed and four others are wounded in a PKK attack in Turkey's eastern Van Province. ](/news/2016/05/24/kurdish-turkish-conflict-2015-present-at-least-six-turkish-soldiers-are-killed-and-four-others-are-wounded-in-a-pkk-attack-in-turkey.md) _Context: Kurdish-Turkish conflict (2015-present), Turkey_
7. [PKK rebellion. Turkey-ISIL conflict. A car bomb, targeting an armored vehicle transporting police personnel, explodes close to a bus terminal in the Baglar district of Diyarbakir, Turkey, killing at least seven police officers and wounding 27 more people, including 13 officers, according to a joint statement by Turkish officials and the police. The attack comes one day before Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu's scheduled visit to the city. There has been no claim of responsibility. CNN points out both Kurdish rebels and ISIL militants have claimed similar recent incidents. ](/news/2016/03/31/pkk-rebellion-turkey-isil-conflict-a-car-bomb-targeting-an-armored-vehicle-transporting-police-personnel-explodes-close-to-a-bus-termi.md) _Context: Diyarbakir, Turkey_
8. [2015 PKK rebellion. Clashes continue between PKK militants and Turkish Army troops in the Kurdish-majority city of Diyarbakir in southeastern Turkey. At least one Turkish soldier is killed and several are wounded in a bomb attack. ](/news/2015/12/23/2015-pkk-rebellion-clashes-continue-between-pkk-militants-and-turkish-army-troops-in-the-kurdish-majority-city-of-diyarbaka-r-in-southeaste.md) _Context: Diyarbakir, Turkey_
9. [2017 Aegean Sea earthquake. A 6.7 magnitude earthquake in the Aegean Sea near Greece and Turkey kills two people and injures more than 520 others. ](/news/2017/07/21/2017-aegean-sea-earthquake-a-6-7-magnitude-earthquake-in-the-aegean-sea-near-greece-and-turkey-kills-two-people-and-injures-more-than-520-o.md) _Context: Turkey_
10. [Syrian Civil War. Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-civil-war-syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-o.md) _Context: Turkey_
