### [2016-05-10](/news/2016/05/10/index.md)

# Philippine presidential election, 2016. Rodrigo Duterte continues to lead in the presidential race, while Leni Robredo leads Bongbong Marcos by a small margin in the vice presidential race. 




### Source:

1. [Philippine Daily Inquirer](http://newsinfo.inquirer.net/784725/rodrigo-duterte-leni-robredo-maintain-lead-president-vice-philippines-election-results)

### Related:

1. [Philippine presidential election, 2016. Bongbong Marcos asks the Philippine Supreme Court to dismiss a counter-protest by current vice president Leni Robredo regarding her narrow victory in last year's national elections. ](/news/2017/04/20/philippine-presidential-election-2016-bongbong-marcos-asks-the-philippine-supreme-court-to-dismiss-a-counter-protest-by-current-vice-presi.md) _Context: Bongbong Marcos, Leni Robredo, Philippine presidential election, 2016_
2. [Philippine presidential election, 2016. Bongbong Marcos pays -36 million, half of the required amount to hold a recount against Philippine vice president Leni Robredo.](/news/2017/04/17/philippine-presidential-election-2016-bongbong-marcos-pays-36-million-half-of-the-required-amount-to-hold-a-recount-against-philippine.md) _Context: Bongbong Marcos, Leni Robredo, Philippine presidential election, 2016_
3. [Philippine presidential election, 2016. The Supreme Court of the Philippines allows the electoral protest of defeated candidate Bongbong Marcos against Philippine vice president Leni Robredo to continue. ](/news/2017/02/16/philippine-presidential-election-2016-the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-allows-the-electoral-protest-of-defeated-candidate-bongbong-mar.md) _Context: Bongbong Marcos, Leni Robredo, Philippine presidential election, 2016_
4. [ Philippine presidential election, 2016. The Congress of the Philippines proclaims Rodrigo Duterte and Leni Robredo as President-elect and Vice President-elect of the Philippines, respectively. ](/news/2016/05/30/philippine-presidential-election-2016-the-congress-of-the-philippines-proclaims-rodrigo-duterte-and-leni-robredo-as-president-elect-and-v.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, Philippine presidential election, 2016, Rodrigo Duterte_
5. [Philippine presidential election, 2016. Rodrigo Duterte is officially elected as President and Leni Robredo as Vice President. ](/news/2016/05/27/philippine-presidential-election-2016-rodrigo-duterte-is-officially-elected-as-president-and-leni-robredo-as-vice-president.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, Philippine presidential election, 2016, Rodrigo Duterte_
6. [Freedom of speech in the Philippines. President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte threatens the "Philippine Daily Inquirer" with an expose. The newspaper has been a long-time ally of the politically prominent Aquino family (ever since the 1986 EDSA People Power Revolution), as well as the minority opposition Liberal Party (of which the Vice President of the Philippines Leni Robredo is its prominent member); both have been consistent in their criticisms of the Duterty presidency and its policies since its inauguration in 2016. ](/news/2017/07/1/freedom-of-speech-in-the-philippines-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-threatens-the-philippine-daily-inquirer-with-an-exposa-c.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, Rodrigo Duterte_
7. [The cabinet of Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte investigates an email leak that allegedly indicates the involvement of the vice president Leni Robredo in attempts to overthrow Duterte. ](/news/2017/01/9/the-cabinet-of-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-investigates-an-email-leak-that-allegedly-indicates-the-involvement-of-the-vice-presiden.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, Rodrigo Duterte_
8. [Philippine Drug War. Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte accuses the opposition Liberal Party of trying to oust him and install the current vice president Leni Robredo to the presidency. ](/news/2016/12/7/philippine-drug-war-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-accuses-the-opposition-liberal-party-of-trying-to-oust-him-and-install-the-curren.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, Rodrigo Duterte_
9. [Presidential transition of Rodrigo Duterte. Rodrigo Duterte is inaugurated as President of the Philippines and Leni Robredo as Vice President. ](/news/2016/06/30/presidential-transition-of-rodrigo-duterte-rodrigo-duterte-is-inaugurated-as-president-of-the-philippines-and-leni-robredo-as-vice-presiden.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, Rodrigo Duterte_
10. [Philippine general election, 2016. Filipino voters head to the polls for a presidential election with unofficial counts showing Davao City mayor Rodrigo Duterte with a commanding lead. ](/news/2016/05/9/philippine-general-election-2016-filipino-voters-head-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-with-unofficial-counts-showing-davao-city-m.md) _Context: Philippine presidential election, 2016, Rodrigo Duterte_
