### [2016-05-10](/news/2016/05/10/index.md)

# U.S. District Judge Emmet Sullivan blocks the $6.3 billion merger of major office supply companies Staples and Office Depot, finding it would result in reduced competition and higher prices. The companies announce they are abandoning the deal. 

Companies had argued that industry now has many more competitors.


### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/business/wp/2016/05/10/federal-judge-blocks-staples-merger-with-office-depot/)

### Related:

1. [ The United States Federal Trade Commission (FTC) files an administrative complaint challenging office-supplies giant Staples' proposed $6.3 billion acquisition of top rival Office Depot. The FTC said the deal would significantly reduce national competition in the market for office supplies sold to large business customers. The companies plan to contest the FTC decision. ](/news/2015/12/7/the-united-states-federal-trade-commission-ftc-files-an-administrative-complaint-challenging-office-supplies-giant-staples-proposed-6-3.md) _Context: Office Depot, Staples_
2. [Paul Allen's company, Interval Licensing LLC, files a patent infringement lawsuit against Google, Apple Computer, AOL, eBay, Facebook, Netflix, Office Depot, OfficeMax, Staples Inc., Yahoo and YouTube. ](/news/2010/08/27/paul-allen-s-company-interval-licensing-llc-files-a-patent-infringement-lawsuit-against-google-apple-computer-aol-ebay-facebook-netfl.md) _Context: Office Depot, Staples_
3. [ United States District Judge Emmet G. Sullivan overturns the conviction of former Alaska Senator Ted Stevens. ](/news/2009/04/7/united-states-district-judge-emmet-g-sullivan-overturns-the-conviction-of-former-alaska-senator-ted-stevens.md) _Context: Emmet Sullivan, U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia_
4. [The U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia blocks health insurer Anthem Inc.'s proposed $54 billion merger with rival Cigna because it would have exacerbated an already highly concentrated market and likely raised prices. ](/news/2017/02/8/the-u-s-district-court-for-the-district-of-columbia-blocks-health-insurer-anthem-inc-s-proposed-54-billion-merger-with-rival-cigna-becaus.md) _Context: U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia_
5. [John D. Bates, United States federal judge for the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, blocks a proposed merger by health insurance companies Aetna and Humana. ](/news/2017/01/23/john-d-bates-united-states-federal-judge-for-the-united-states-district-court-for-the-district-of-columbia-blocks-a-proposed-merger-by-he.md) _Context: U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia_
6. [The District Court for the District of Columbia releases John Hinckley Jr, U.S. President Ronald Reagan's March 1981 would-be assassin, from a psychiatric hospital after 35 years. ](/news/2016/09/10/the-district-court-for-the-district-of-columbia-releases-john-hinckley-jr-u-s-president-ronald-reagan-s-march-1981-would-be-assassin-from.md) _Context: U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia_
7. [Halliburton Co. and Baker Hughes Inc., the second- and third-largest oilfield service firms, announce the cancellation of their $28 billion merger which has faced opposition from U.S. and European antitrust regulators. Halliburton will reportedly have to pay Baker Hughes a $3.5 billion termination fee if the deal is called off. ](/news/2016/05/1/halliburton-co-and-baker-hughes-inc-the-second-and-third-largest-oilfield-service-firms-announce-the-cancellation-of-their-28-billion.md) _Context: reduced competition and higher prices_
8. [Both Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide and Marriott International shareholders approve Marriott's acquisition of Starwood, which will create the world's largest hotelier. The deal has cleared the pre-merger antitrust reviews in the United States and Canada; approvals from the European Union and China is pending. Last week, Anbang Insurance Group topped Marriott's bid, then withdrew their offer three days later. ](/news/2016/04/8/both-starwood-hotels-and-resorts-worldwide-and-marriott-international-shareholders-approve-marriott-s-acquisition-of-starwood-which-will-cr.md) _Context: reduced competition and higher prices_
9. [The U.S. Federal Trade Commission files an anti-trust suit against Endo Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and several other drug companies for using pay-for-delay settlements to block consumers- access to lower-cost generic versions of pain medications, Opana ER and Lidoderm. ](/news/2016/03/31/the-u-s-federal-trade-commission-files-an-anti-trust-suit-against-endo-pharmaceuticals-inc-and-several-other-drug-companies-for-using-pa.md) _Context: reduced competition and higher prices_
10. [Federal district court judge Richard Leon rules the National Security Agency-s bulk collection of U.S. phone records is unconstitutional. This ruling has limited impact since it applies to only one case, and the NSA is scheduled to replace this protocol with a more targeted system the end of this month. ](/news/2015/11/9/federal-district-court-judge-richard-leon-rules-the-national-security-agency-s-bulk-collection-of-u-s-phone-records-is-unconstitutional.md) _Context: U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia_
