### [2016-05-10](/news/2016/05/10/index.md)

# United States presidential election, 2016, Voters in the state of West Virginia head to the polls to vote in the Democratic  and Republican presidential primaries. Voters in the state of Nebraska vote in the Republican presidential primary with Donald Trump just 169 delegates short of securing the nomination. 

West Virginia election results from the 2016 general election.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/election-us-2016-36263245)
2. [Lincoln Journal Star](http://journalstar.com/news/state-and-regional/govt-and-politics/after-losing-spotlight-nebraska-looks-at-earlier-primary/article_be243a8f-cb35-5e29-a016-51d65d0dcda3.html)
3. [New York Daily News](http://www.nydailynews.com/news/politics/bernie-sanders-poised-primary-win-west-virginia-article-1.2630672)
4. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/elections/results/west-virginia)
5. [Washington Examiner](http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/trump-triumphs-in-west-virginia-nebraska/article/2590967)

### Related:

1. [Voters in the U.S. state of New York go to the polls for a primary election with Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump expected to win the respective contests for their parties in that state. ](/news/2016/04/19/voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-new-york-go-to-the-polls-for-a-primary-election-with-hillary-clinton-and-donald-trump-expected-to-win-the-respec.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, Trump, presidential primaries_
2. [Voters in the U.S. state of Indiana head to the polls to vote in Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. ](/news/2016/05/3/voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-indiana-head-to-the-polls-to-vote-in-democratic-and-republican-presidential-primaries.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, presidential primaries_
3. [Voters in the U.S. states of Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island head to the polls to vote in Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. ](/news/2016/04/26/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-connecticut-delaware-maryland-pennsylvania-and-rhode-island-head-to-the-polls-to-vote-in-democratic-and-repu.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, presidential primaries_
4. [Voters in the states of Kansas, Louisiana, Nebraska, Maine, and Kentucky, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico  participate in a party caucus or vote in a primary election. ](/news/2016/03/5/voters-in-the-states-of-kansas-louisiana-nebraska-maine-and-kentucky-and-the-commonwealth-of-puerto-rico-participate-in-a-party-caucus.md) _Context: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, Nebraska, presidential primaries_
5. [Voters in the U.S. states of Arizona, Idaho, Utah and the overseas territory of American Samoa head to the polls for Republican and Democratic Party primaries and caucuses. ](/news/2016/03/22/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-arizona-idaho-utah-and-the-overseas-territory-of-american-samoa-head-to-the-polls-for-republican-and-democrat.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, presidential primaries_
6. [Bernie Sanders concedes the Missouri primary to Hillary Clinton, who led by 1,531 votes, 0.2 percent of those counted. Sanders says he will not ask for a recount, an option he had because the result is under the state's  requirement, 0.5 percent -- one-half of one percent. The Republican contest is too close to call as Donald Trump leads Ted Cruz by a similar 0.2 percent. ](/news/2016/03/17/bernie-sanders-concedes-the-missouri-primary-to-hillary-clinton-who-led-by-1-531-votes-0-2-percent-of-those-counted-sanders-says-he-will.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, Trump_
7. [Voters in the U.S. states of Florida, Illinois, Ohio, Missouri, North Carolina and the commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands head to the polls for Republican and Democratic Party primaries that the media has dubbed "Super Tuesday 2". ](/news/2016/03/15/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-florida-illinois-ohio-missouri-north-carolina-and-the-commonwealth-of-the-northern-mariana-islands-head-to.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, presidential primaries_
8. [U.S. President Donald Trump accuses former President Barack Obama of wiretapping Trump Tower the month before the 2016 presidential election but offers no evidence to support his claim. A spokesman for President Obama rejects these claims. ](/news/2017/03/4/u-s-president-donald-trump-accuses-former-president-barack-obama-of-wiretapping-trump-tower-the-month-before-the-2016-presidential-election.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Trump_
9. [The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-primaries-neurosurgeon-ben-carson-and-gover.md) _Context: Trump, presidential primaries_
10. [United States President Donald Trump announces that he intends to seek an investigation into possible voter fraud from last year's election. ](/news/2017/01/25/united-states-president-donald-trump-announces-that-he-intends-to-seek-an-investigation-into-possible-voter-fraud-from-last-year-s-election.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Trump_
