### [2016-11-14](/news/2016/11/14/index.md)

# Aftermath of the Bulgarian presidential election, 2016: Bulgarian Prime Minister Boyko Borissov resigns as a result of Socialist-backed Rumen Radev winning the presidential election. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-bulgaria-election-government-idUSKBN1390WE?il=0)

### Related:

1. [Bulgarian presidential election, 2016: Bulgarians head to the polls in a presidential runoff between BSP backed Rumen Radev, of the socialist opposition, and Tsetska Tsacheva, Chairwoman of the National Assembly, from incumbent prime-minister Boyko Borisov's conservative GERB. Exit polls by Alpha Research and Gallup International show Radev with about 58 percent of the vote with Tsacheva getting around 35 percent. ](/news/2016/11/13/bulgarian-presidential-election-2016-bulgarians-head-to-the-polls-in-a-presidential-runoff-between-bsp-backed-rumen-radev-of-the-socialis.md) _Context: Bulgarian presidential election, 2016, Rumen Radev, Socialist Party_
2. [Bulgarian parliamentary election, 2017: Bulgarians vote to elect a new Prime Minister after the resignation of Boyko Borissov. Opinion polls predict a close contest between Borissov's centre-right GERB and the Socialist Party. ](/news/2017/03/26/bulgarian-parliamentary-election-2017-bulgarians-vote-to-elect-a-new-prime-minister-after-the-resignation-of-boyko-borissov-opinion-polls.md) _Context: Boyko Borissov, Socialist Party_
3. [Bulgarian presidential election, 2016: Voters in Bulgaria go to the polls for a presidential election, with exit polls showing no candidate receiving the majority necessary to win outright, and Rumen Radev and Tsetska Tsacheva likely to face one another in a run-off on 13 November. ](/news/2016/11/6/bulgarian-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-bulgaria-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-with-exit-polls-showing-no-candidate.md) _Context: Bulgarian presidential election, 2016, Rumen Radev_
4. [Bulgarian parliamentary election, 2014: Bulgarians vote in a snap election, following the resignation of a Socialist-led government in July; the number of parties in the National Assembly grows from four to eight, and the centre-right GERB becomes the biggest party but falls short of an overall majority. Voter turnout is just about 50%, lower than at any time since the establishment of democratic rule in 1989. ](/news/2014/10/5/bulgarian-parliamentary-election-2014-bulgarians-vote-in-a-snap-election-following-the-resignation-of-a-socialist-led-government-in-july.md) _Context: Socialist Party_
5. [Voters in Bulgaria go to the polls for a parliamentary election. Boyko Borisov's GERB party wins between 30% and 32% of the votes, closely followed by Sergei Stanishev's resurgent BSP with 26 to 28 percent. No party manages to obtain a majority, while analysts predict a political deadlock amid low voter turnout and economic woes. ](/news/2013/05/12/voters-in-bulgaria-go-to-the-polls-for-a-parliamentary-election-boyko-borisov-s-gerb-party-wins-between-30-and-32-of-the-votes-closely-f.md) _Context: Socialist Party_
6. [Former Prime Minister of Bulgaria Sergei Stanishev is charged with mishandling classified documents: he calls the charges "politically motivated". ](/news/2010/07/14/former-prime-minister-of-bulgaria-sergei-stanishev-is-charged-with-mishandling-classified-documents-he-calls-the-charges-politically-motiv.md) _Context: Bulgarian Prime Minister_
7. [ The Bulgarian political party Citizens for European Development of Bulgaria, which had only been founded on 2006-12-03 by Sofia mayor Boyko Borisov, instantly comes second in a public poll on party support, trailing only the Bulgarian Socialist Party. ](/news/2007/01/1/the-bulgarian-political-party-citizens-for-european-development-of-bulgaria-which-had-only-been-founded-on-2006-12-03-by-sofia-mayor-boyko.md) _Context: Socialist Party_
8. [ In Bulgaria, Bulgarian Socialist Party fails to form a government due to hung parliament. President Georgi Parvanov approaches the National Movement Simeon II of former king Simeon Saxe-Coburg-Gotha ](/news/2005/07/28/in-bulgaria-bulgarian-socialist-party-fails-to-form-a-government-due-to-hung-parliament-president-georgi-parvanov-approaches-the-national.md) _Context: Socialist Party_
9. [ Elections in Bulgaria: The people of Bulgaria are voting today and the government of Prime Minister Simeon Sakskoburggotski, the country's former Tsar, is expected to be defeated. ](/news/2005/06/25/elections-in-bulgaria-the-people-of-bulgaria-are-voting-today-and-the-government-of-prime-minister-simeon-sakskoburggotski-the-country-s.md) _Context: Bulgarian Prime Minister_
