### [2006-02-27](/news/2006/02/27/index.md)

#  International Court of Justice (ICJ) begins hearing a landmark genocide case, Bosnia and Herzegovina vs. Serbia and Montenegro.  Bosnia filed a claim alleging violations of the UN Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of Genocide against the former Yugoslavia during the 1992-1995 Bosnian war.  Bosnian genocide case at the ICJ is a first ever genocide court case against a state in the 60 year history of ICJ. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.co.uk/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=topNews&storyID=2006-02-27T124822Z_01_L24724981_RTRUKOC_0_UK-WARCRIMES-BOSNIA-SERBIAMONTENEGRO.xml)
2. [ICJ press release](http://www.icj-cij.org/icjwww/ipresscom/ipress2006/ipresscom_2006-09_bhy_20060227.htm)

### Related:

1. [Bosnia and Herzegovina officially releases its first census report since the end of the Bosnian War after multiple delays, showing that the country had lost one fifth of its population from 4.4 million to 3.5 million between then and 2013. ](/news/2016/06/30/bosnia-and-herzegovina-officially-releases-its-first-census-report-since-the-end-of-the-bosnian-war-after-multiple-delays-showing-that-the.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bosnian War_
2. [Judges at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia find former President of the Republika Srpska Radovan Karadzic guilty of committing genocide and crimes against humanity in Bosnia during the Bosnian War and is sentenced to 40 years in prison. Karadzic is found to be "criminally responsible" for the Srebrenica massacre. ](/news/2016/03/24/judges-at-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-find-former-president-of-the-republika-srpska-radovan-karada3-4ia-gui.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bosnian War_
3. [Police in Bosnia and Herzegovina arrest 25 people on suspicion of multiple murders, drug-trafficking and robbery in the biggest crackdown on organised crime since the Bosnian War. ](/news/2012/09/12/police-in-bosnia-and-herzegovina-arrest-25-people-on-suspicion-of-multiple-murders-drug-trafficking-and-robbery-in-the-biggest-crackdown-on.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bosnian War_
4. [Bosnia and Herzegovina marks the 20th anniversary of the start of the Bosnian War in April 1992. ](/news/2012/04/6/bosnia-and-herzegovina-marks-the-20th-anniversary-of-the-start-of-the-bosnian-war-in-april-1992.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bosnian War_
5. [Corpses of more than 50 people are unearthed in Perucac lake on the border between Bosnia and Herzegovina and Serbia by investigators looking for people who were killed during the 1992-95 Bosnian War. ](/news/2010/08/11/corpses-of-more-than-50-people-are-unearthed-in-peruaac-lake-on-the-border-between-bosnia-and-herzegovina-and-serbia-by-investigators-looki.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bosnian War_
6. [ The Red Cross reports that at least 17,000 are still missing from the former Yugoslavia, including 13,400 from the Bosnian wars, 2,300 from the Croatian conflict and 2,047 from the Kosovo conflict. ](/news/2007/08/29/the-red-cross-reports-that-at-least-17-000-are-still-missing-from-the-former-yugoslavia-including-13-400-from-the-bosnian-wars-2-300-from.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina, Yugoslavia_
7. [ The International Court of Justice finds Serbia guilty of failing to prevent genocide in the Srebrenica massacre, but clears it of direct responsibility and complicity in a case brought forth by Bosnia and Herzegovina. ](/news/2007/02/26/the-international-court-of-justice-finds-serbia-guilty-of-failing-to-prevent-genocide-in-the-srebrenica-massacre-but-clears-it-of-direct-r.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina, International Court of Justice_
8. [ Momcilo Perisic, former Yugoslavian army general, hands himself in to the United Nations war crimes tribunal in The Hague. He is charged with complicity of Serbian separatist war crimes in Bosnia and Croatia during the Yugoslav Wars. ](/news/2005/03/7/momailo-peria-ia-former-yugoslavian-army-general-hands-himself-in-to-the-united-nations-war-crimes-tribunal-in-the-hague-he-is-charged.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina, Yugoslavia_
9. [Ukraine sues Russia at the International Court of Justice, accusing the latter of being engaged in acts of "terrorism" and "discrimination" in eastern Ukraine and Crimea. ](/news/2017/01/16/ukraine-sues-russia-at-the-international-court-of-justice-accusing-the-latter-of-being-engaged-in-acts-of-terrorism-and-discrimination.md) _Context: International Court of Justice_
10. [The European Union's 28 member states formally accept Bosnia and Herzegovina's membership application. The European Commission (EC) will now determine whether Bosnia meets the criteria to join the union, a process that is expected to take a year. ](/news/2016/09/20/the-european-union-s-28-member-states-formally-accept-bosnia-and-herzegovina-s-membership-application-the-european-commission-ec-will-now.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina_
