### [2006-02-27](/news/2006/02/27/index.md)

#  Post-invasion Iraq: The deadline set by the kidnappers of Jill Caroll, after which they said they would execute her if their demands were not met, passes with no word yet on whether she has been killed. An Iraqi official says he believes she is still alive and that they know her original kidnapper's name and address, although Carroll may have been sold to another group since. 

The Christian Science Monitor is an international news organization that delivers thoughtful, global coverage via its website, weekly magazine, daily news briefing, and email newsletters.


### Source:

1. [ABC](http://www.abcnews.go.com/GMA/story?id=1666314)
2. [AP](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory?id=1665512)
3. [CSMonitor](http://www.csmonitor.com/2006/0228/p04s01-woiq.html?s=t5)

### Related:

1. [ King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia describes U.S. presence in Iraq as an "illegal occupation." ](/news/2007/03/29/king-abdullah-of-saudi-arabia-describes-u-s-presence-in-iraq-as-an-illegal-occupation.md) _Context: U.S. presence in Iraq_
2. [ President of the United States George W. Bush delivers the 2007 State of the Union Address, in which he remains steadfast to his Iraq policies, but also reaches out to political opponents by proposing environmental and social reforms. ](/news/2007/01/23/president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-delivers-the-2007-state-of-the-union-address-in-which-he-remains-steadfast-to-his-iraq-polic.md) _Context: U.S. presence in Iraq_
3. [ Prime Minister Tony Blair declares that British troops should be out of Iraq within four years. ](/news/2006/05/22/prime-minister-tony-blair-declares-that-british-troops-should-be-out-of-iraq-within-four-years.md) _Context: U.S. presence in Iraq_
4. [ Moments before the address began, anti-war protester Cindy Sheehan is arrested in the U.S. Capitol Building for refusing to cover up a T-shirt she was wearing to protest the war and occupation of Iraq. ](/news/2006/01/31/moments-before-the-address-began-anti-war-protester-cindy-sheehan-is-arrested-in-the-u-s-capitol-building-for-refusing-to-cover-up-a-t-sh.md) _Context: U.S. presence in Iraq_
5. [ A suicide bomber detonates explosives near an LPG (propane) fuel tanker parked near a gas station south of Baghdad, sparking a massive explosion that kills more than 60 people and wounds as many as 100 in one of the worst insurgent attacks to hit the area since the US occupation of Iraq. ](/news/2005/07/16/a-suicide-bomber-detonates-explosives-near-an-lpg-propane-fuel-tanker-parked-near-a-gas-station-south-of-baghdad-sparking-a-massive-expl.md) _Context: U.S. presence in Iraq_
6. [ U.S.-led occupation of Iraq: The UN Security Council reaches a compromise agreement on the draft resolution on Iraq. ](/news/2004/06/7/u-s-led-occupation-of-iraq-the-un-security-council-reaches-a-compromise-agreement-on-the-draft-resolution-on-iraq.md) _Context: U.S. presence in Iraq_
7. [ U.S.-led occupation of Iraq: Brigadier General Mark Hertling, a top US commander in charge of Najaf, Iraq, states "The Moqtada militia is militarily defeated. We have killed scores of them over the last few weeks, and that is in Najaf alone.&nbsp;... The militia have been defeated, or have left." US Coalition patrols and checkpoints are still active around Najaf and its twin city of Kufa, Iraq. ](/news/2004/06/6/u-s-led-occupation-of-iraq-brigadier-general-mark-hertling-a-top-us-commander-in-charge-of-najaf-iraq-states-the-moqtada-militia-is-m.md) _Context: U.S. presence in Iraq_
8. [ South Korea announces the deployment of 3,700 soldiers in Iraq by August, despite recent attacks. The augmentation will make it the coalition's third largest contingent. ](/news/2004/04/9/south-korea-announces-the-deployment-of-3-700-soldiers-in-iraq-by-august-despite-recent-attacks-the-augmentation-will-make-it-the-coaliti.md) _Context: U.S. presence in Iraq_
9. [ Suicide bombers detonate boats alongside two oil tankers and a coalition boat in the Persian Gulf, targeting Iraq's main oil terminal, Basra. [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml;jsessionid=BATOJRSIWHFBQCRBAELCFEY?type=topNews&storyID=4929705&section=news (Reuters)] A bomb in Baghdad's Sadr City market kills 12 Iraqis. In a separate incident, five US soldiers are killed in a rocket attack on a military base north of Baghdad. [http://www.cnn.com/2004/WORLD/meast/04/24/iraq.main/index.html (CNN)] [http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&cid=540&e=1&u=/ap/20040424/ap_on_re_mi_ea/iraq (AP)] Leaders of Australia and Bulgaria visited their troops Sunday. Australian Prime Minister John Howard joined Australian troops in Baghdad for ceremonies honoring the country's war dead. Bulgarian President Georgi Parvanov visited his country's troops two days after a Bulgarian soldier was shot dead in Karbala, the sixth from that country to die in the war.](/news/2004/04/24/suicide-bombers-detonate-boats-alongside-two-oil-tankers-and-a-coalition-boat-in-the-persian-gulf-targeting-iraq-s-main-oil-terminal-basr.md) _Context: U.S. presence in Iraq_
10. [ On the first anniversary of the 2003 invasion of Iraq, millions join protests in cities across the world to demonstrate against the war and the continued occupation. In London two Greenpeace protesters evade newly tightened security and scale the Houses of Parliament's Clock Tower to unfurl a banner calling for the truth to be told by the UK government. ](/news/2004/03/20/on-the-first-anniversary-of-the-2003-invasion-of-iraq-millions-join-protests-in-cities-across-the-world-to-demonstrate-against-the-war-and.md) _Context: U.S. presence in Iraq_
