### [2006-02-27](/news/2006/02/27/index.md)

#  The United Nations World Food Programme says that it needs 11 million USD to be able to continue its Afghanistan operations to June this year. "Poor and hungry schoolchildren who receive take-home rations of food as an incentive to attend school will receive at most half their usual ration and in some cases none at all", says the U.N. More than 50% of the nation's children are malnourished. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/IRIN/a3ffcf346090bf9c2ed72a6a88800845.htm)

### Related:

1. [The World Food Programme (WFP) and other United Nations agencies declare that there is a famine in parts of Unity State, South Sudan, with 100,000 facing starvation and another million on the brink of famine. ](/news/2017/02/20/the-world-food-programme-wfp-and-other-united-nations-agencies-declare-that-there-is-a-famine-in-parts-of-unity-state-south-sudan-with-1.md) _Context: United Nations, World Food Programme_
2. [The United Nations World Food Programme announces it is stepping up assistance to Ecuador's most vulnerable areas following an earthquake that killed over 650 people. ](/news/2016/04/25/the-united-nations-world-food-programme-announces-it-is-stepping-up-assistance-to-ecuadoras-most-vulnerable-areas-following-an-earthquake.md) _Context: United Nations, World Food Programme_
3. [The United Nations mission in Afghanistan reports 289 civilians were killed ("301 with MSF update") and 559 injured during fighting in Kunduz between Taliban militants and Afghan National Security Forces in September and October. The U.N. says these numbers include casualties from the friendly-fire attack on the Doctors Without Borders hospital and noted the totals were likely to rise as more information becomes available. ](/news/2015/12/12/the-united-nations-mission-in-afghanistan-reports-289-civilians-were-killed-301-with-msf-update-and-559-injured-during-fighting-in-kundu.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, United Nations_
4. [Carrying coffins holding the beheaded bodies of seven ethnic Hazara, thousands of demonstrators from Afghanistan's different ethnic groups - Pashtun, Tajik, Uzbek, and Hazara - march on the Presidential Palace in Kabul, urging the government to take action against the rising violence against Afghan civilians. The murders, which the United Nations denounced as a potential war crime, have fueled a growing sense of insecurity since the Taliban briefly seized control of Kunduz in late September. ](/news/2015/11/11/carrying-coffins-holding-the-beheaded-bodies-of-seven-ethnic-hazara-thousands-of-demonstrators-from-afghanistan-s-different-ethnic-groups.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, United Nations_
5. [The United Nations World Food Programme prepares an airlift to Mogadishu in Somalia to help relieve the 2011 Horn of Africa famine. ](/news/2011/07/27/the-united-nations-world-food-programme-prepares-an-airlift-to-mogadishu-in-somalia-to-help-relieve-the-2011-horn-of-africa-famine.md) _Context: United Nations, World Food Programme_
6. [The United Nations World Food Programme calls for "urgent assistance" for the North Korean people due to a food crisis. ](/news/2011/05/19/the-united-nations-world-food-programme-calls-for-urgent-assistance-for-the-north-korean-people-due-to-a-food-crisis.md) _Context: United Nations, World Food Programme_
7. [A suicide bomber attacks the United Nations compound in western Afghanistan based in Herat. ](/news/2010/10/23/a-suicide-bomber-attacks-the-united-nations-compound-in-western-afghanistan-based-in-herat.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, United Nations_
8. [Philip Alston, the international law scholar who recently stepped down as the United Nations's senior official on extrajudicial killings, calls for the UN to investigate war crimes in Afghanistan and to convict those responsible. ](/news/2010/09/26/philip-alston-the-international-law-scholar-who-recently-stepped-down-as-the-united-nations-s-senior-official-on-extrajudicial-killings-ca.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, United Nations_
9. [The United Nations releases a report highlighting the deaths of civilians in Afghanistan. ](/news/2010/08/10/the-united-nations-releases-a-report-highlighting-the-deaths-of-civilians-in-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, United Nations_
10. [President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai threatens to join the Taliban if the Afghani Parliament refuses to approve his proposal to take control of the electoral apparatus from the United Nations. ](/news/2010/04/4/president-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-threatens-to-join-the-taliban-if-the-afghani-parliament-refuses-to-approve-his-proposal-to-take-contro.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, United Nations_
