### [2006-02-27](/news/2006/02/27/index.md)

#  "The Da Vinci Code": Writers Michael Baigent and Richard Leigh sue Random House in the High Court of Justice in London claiming that the best selling novel "The Da Vinci Code" by Dan Brown contains ideas stolen from their 1982 book "The Holy Blood and the Holy Grail". 




### Source:

1. [Guardian](http://books.guardian.co.uk/news/articles/0,,1719084,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ "The Da Vinci Code" author Dan Brown and his publisher, Random House, win the lawsuit that claimed that Brown committed copyright infringement by using ideas similar to those in "The Holy Blood and the Holy Grail". ](/news/2006/04/7/the-da-vinci-code-author-dan-brown-and-his-publisher-random-house-win-the-lawsuit-that-claimed-that-brown-committed-copyright-infringem.md) _Context: Dan Brown, Random House, The Da Vinci Code, The Holy Blood and the Holy Grail_
2. [Brexit aftermath: The High Court rules that Parliament must vote on whether the United Kingdom can start the process of leaving the European Union by triggering Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union. ](/news/2016/11/3/brexit-aftermath-the-high-court-rules-that-parliament-must-vote-on-whether-the-united-kingdom-can-start-the-process-of-leaving-the-european.md) _Context: High Court_
3. [Judge Vivien Rose of London's High Court, finds in favor of Goldman Sachs, that the bank is not liable for the failure of highly speculative trades made by the sovereign wealth fund of Libya. ](/news/2016/10/15/judge-vivien-rose-of-london-s-high-court-finds-in-favor-of-goldman-sachs-that-the-bank-is-not-liable-for-the-failure-of-highly-speculative.md) _Context: High Court_
4. [Labour Party leadership election, 2016: Britain's Court of Appeal, reversing Monday's High Court decision, rules the Labour Party has the right to prevent up to 130,000 new members who joined less than six months ago from voting in the party's leadership contest between incumbent Jeremy Corbyn and legislator Owen Smith. An appeal to the United Kingdom Supreme Court is possible. ](/news/2016/08/12/labour-party-leadership-election-2016-britain-s-court-of-appeal-reversing-monday-s-high-court-decision-rules-the-labour-party-has-the-ri.md) _Context: High Court_
5. [Russia-Ukraine relations: Russia's Finance Ministry sues Ukraine in London's High Court of Justice over a $3 billion debt. Payment was due December 21, 2015. Negotiations between Kiev and Moscow have not reached an agreement. Over the last 6 months Ukrainian government officials repeatedly stated they refuse to pay the debt. ](/news/2016/02/17/russia-ukraine-relations-russia-s-finance-ministry-sues-ukraine-in-london-s-high-court-of-justice-over-a-3-billion-debt-payment-was-due.md) _Context: High Court_
6. [Barry George loses his appeal for compensation after High Court of Justice judges decide that he is not a victim of miscarriage of justice. ](/news/2013/01/25/barry-george-loses-his-appeal-for-compensation-after-high-court-of-justice-judges-decide-that-he-is-not-a-victim-of-miscarriage-of-justice.md) _Context: High Court_
7. [The British High Court rules that Islamist cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri and four other suspected terrorists can be immediately extradited to the United States to face trial on charges of terrorism. ](/news/2012/10/5/the-british-high-court-rules-that-islamist-cleric-abu-hamza-al-masri-and-four-other-suspected-terrorists-can-be-immediately-extradited-to-th.md) _Context: High Court_
8. [Penguin and Random House agree to merge to form Penguin Random House, the world's largest publisher. ](/news/2012/10/29/penguin-and-random-house-agree-to-merge-to-form-penguin-random-house-the-world-s-largest-publisher.md) _Context: Random House_
9. [After a five-day trial in the High Court, 27-year-old assistant tutor Luke Cooper, who is completing a PhD in international relations at the University of Sussex, is awarded GBP35,000 over a front page "Evening Standard" article and GBP25,000 over a follow-up piece in the "Daily Mail". These articles threatened his future academic prospects during the November 2010 march against government cuts. ](/news/2012/06/23/after-a-five-day-trial-in-the-high-court-27-year-old-assistant-tutor-luke-cooper-who-is-completing-a-phd-in-international-relations-at-the.md) _Context: High Court_
10. [Australian WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange loses his appeal in England's High Court against extradition to Sweden to face questioning over sexual assault allegations. ](/news/2011/11/2/australian-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-loses-his-appeal-in-england-s-high-court-against-extradition-to-sweden-to-face-questioning-over.md) _Context: High Court_
