### [2011-11-7](/news/2011/11/7/index.md)

# An inquiry is launched following claims identity checks on travellers entering the United Kingdom from outside Europe were scaled back during the summer. Home Secretary Theresa May tells the House of Commons she does not know how many entered the country without proper checks. 

Home Secretary Theresa May admits she does not know how many foreigners came into the UK without proper checks.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-15615537)

### Related:

1. [The British computer hacker Gary McKinnon wins his ten-year legal battle to avoid extradition to the United States after Home Secretary Theresa May tells the House of Commons she has blocked the order. ](/news/2012/10/16/the-british-computer-hacker-gary-mckinnon-wins-his-ten-year-legal-battle-to-avoid-extradition-to-the-united-states-after-home-secretary-ther.md) _Context: Home Secretary, House of Commons, Theresa May_
2. [In the United Kingdom, Home Secretary Theresa May announces plans to split the UK Border Agency into two separate organisations after revelations that hundreds of thousands of people were let into the country without appropriate checks. ](/news/2012/02/20/in-the-united-kingdom-home-secretary-theresa-may-announces-plans-to-split-the-uk-border-agency-into-two-separate-organisations-after-revela.md) _Context: Britain, Home Secretary, Theresa May_
3. [United Kingdom general election, 2017. Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-c.md) _Context: Britain, Theresa May_
4. [Brexit negotiations. UK Prime Minister Theresa May announces that citizens of the European Union living in the United Kingdom will be able to acquire a "UK settled status" after the UK leaves the EU. ](/news/2017/06/22/brexit-negotiations-uk-prime-minister-theresa-may-announces-that-citizens-of-the-european-union-living-in-the-united-kingdom-will-be-able-t.md) _Context: Britain, Theresa May_
5. [United Kingdom general election, 2017. British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held.md) _Context: Britain, Theresa May_
6. [Brexit. British Prime Minister Theresa May signs a letter invoking Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union. Its notification to the European Council tomorrow will formally begin the UK's withdrawal from the European Union. ](/news/2017/03/28/brexit-british-prime-minister-theresa-may-signs-a-letter-invoking-article-50-of-the-treaty-on-european-union-its-notification-to-the-europ.md) _Context: Britain, Theresa May_
7. [Aftermath of the United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016. After much speculation British Prime Minister Theresa May announces that the United Kingdom will be leaving the European Single Market. ](/news/2017/01/17/aftermath-of-the-united-kingdom-european-union-membership-referendum-2016-after-much-speculation-british-prime-minister-theresa-may-announ.md) _Context: Britain, Theresa May_
8. [Aftermath of the United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016. Theresa May, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, announces March 2017 as the deadline for triggering Article 50 and says that her government will introduce a "Great Repeal Bill" that will repeal the European Communities Act 1972 once the United Kingdom leaves the European Union. ](/news/2016/10/2/aftermath-of-the-united-kingdom-european-union-membership-referendum-2016-theresa-may-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-announces.md) _Context: Britain, Theresa May_
9. [Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 2016. Conservative Party members of parliament vote in a second ballot to choose the next leader of the party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron. The Home Secretary Theresa May secured the highest number votes with 199, while Department of Energy and Climate Change minister Andrea Leadsom received the second highest amount, with 84. The Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove received just 46 votes and is eliminated from the race, meaning a run-off contest will now take place between May and Leadsom, with the result to be announced on September 9. ](/news/2016/07/7/conservative-party-uk-leadership-election-2016-conservative-party-members-of-parliament-vote-in-a-second-ballot-to-choose-the-next-leade.md) _Context: Home Secretary, Theresa May_
10. [Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 2016. Home Secretary Theresa May gets 165 votes after the first ballot of Conservative members of parliament to select a new Leader and the next Prime Minister. Her nearest rival, Minister of State for Energy Andrea Leadsom, picked up 66 votes. Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove won 48 votes, and Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Stephen Crabb got 34 votes. Former Secretary of State for Defence Liam Fox is eliminated from consideration as he received just 16. Later, Crabb pulled out of the race and endorsed front-runner Theresa May. Fox also endorsed May. ](/news/2016/07/5/conservative-party-uk-leadership-election-2016-home-secretary-theresa-may-gets-165-votes-after-the-first-ballot-of-conservative-members.md) _Context: Home Secretary, Theresa May_
