### [2009-05-16](/news/2009/05/16/index.md)

#  Manchester United Football Club win the 2008-09 season of the Premier League. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via ''The Australian](http://www.theaustralian.news.com.au/story/0,25197,25495731-2722,00.html)

### Related:

1. [2012-13 Premier League:Manchester United secure the 2012-13 Premier League title thanks to a Robin van Persie hat trick against Aston Villa at Old Trafford, which moves them 16 points clear of rivals and reigning champions Manchester City who have only a maximum of 15 points left to play for. This is Sir Alex Ferguson's 13th title of his 27-year tenure as United's manager. ](/news/2013/04/22/2012a13-premier-league-pmanchester-united-secure-the-2012a13-premier-league-title-thanks-to-a-robin-van-persie-hat-trick-against-aston-v.md) _Context: English Premier League, Manchester United_
2. [Real Madrid defeat Manchester United by a 2-1 scoreline (3-2 on aggregate) in the second leg of their 2012-13 UEFA Champions League last 16 tie. With the Premier League club leading 1-0, Nani's controversial second half sending off provides the game's main turning point, and Cristiano Ronaldo ultimately scores the winning goal on his first return to Old Trafford since leaving in the summer of 2009. ](/news/2013/03/5/real-madrid-defeat-manchester-united-by-a-2a1-scoreline-3a2-on-aggregate-in-the-second-leg-of-their-2012a13-uefa-champions-league-la.md) _Context: English Premier League, Manchester United_
3. [Manchester United win the Manchester derby, defeating reigning league champions Manchester City by a score of 3-2 in the 2012-13 Premier League. Robin van Persie scores a last-minute goal and Rio Ferdinand is injured after being hit by a coin. ](/news/2012/12/9/manchester-united-win-the-manchester-derby-defeating-reigning-league-champions-manchester-city-by-a-score-of-3a2-in-the-2012a13-premier.md) _Context: English Premier League, Manchester United_
4. [Chelsea lose their unbeaten league record against Manchester United as Manchester United wins 3-2 at Stamford Bridge. Referee Mark Clattenburg sends off Branislav Ivanovic and Fernando Torres. In addition, Javier Hernandez is pelted with objects after scoring the winning goal, a steward is injured and hospitalized, and Chelsea issue a formal complaint to the Premier League over the referee's alleged racial abuse of several players, including Mikel John Obi. ](/news/2012/10/28/chelsea-lose-their-unbeaten-league-record-against-manchester-united-as-manchester-united-wins-3-2-at-stamford-bridge-referee-mark-clattenbu.md) _Context: English Premier League, Manchester United_
5. [Manchester City win the Premier League for the first time, beating Manchester United on goal difference. ](/news/2012/05/13/manchester-city-win-the-premier-league-for-the-first-time-beating-manchester-united-on-goal-difference.md) _Context: English Premier League, Manchester United_
6. [In association football, Manchester City defeat Manchester United in what had been described as the biggest match in Premier League history. Vincent Kompany scores the winning goal to take City to the summit of the Premier League table with two games of the season left to play. ](/news/2012/04/30/in-association-football-manchester-city-defeat-manchester-united-in-what-had-been-described-as-the-biggest-match-in-premier-league-history.md) _Context: English Premier League, Manchester United_
7. [ Manchester United win the UEFA Champions League at the Nou Camp stadium, Barcelona, beating Bayern Munich to lift their third major trophy in their unprecedented Treble, after winning the English Premier League and FA Cup.](/news/1999/05/26/manchester-united-win-the-uefa-champions-league-at-the-nou-camp-stadium-barcelona-beating-bayern-munich-to-lift-their-third-major-trophy.md) _Context: English Premier League, Manchester United_
8. [Manchester United beat Southampton 3-2 at Wembley Stadium to win the 2016-17 EFL Cup. ](/news/2017/02/26/manchester-united-beat-southampton-3a2-at-wembley-stadium-to-win-the-2016a17-efl-cup.md) _Context: Manchester United_
9. [At least 11 people are killed and 16 others are injured after a gunman opens fire on football fans watching an English Premier League game near Juba, South Sudan. ](/news/2016/11/6/at-least-11-people-are-killed-and-16-others-are-injured-after-a-gunman-opens-fire-on-football-fans-watching-an-english-premier-league-game-n.md) _Context: English Premier League_
10. [Manchester United complete the signing of Paul Pogba on five-year deal from Juventus for a world record transfer fee of PS89m (EUR105m), making Pogba the most expensive football player ever. ](/news/2016/08/8/manchester-united-complete-the-signing-of-paul-pogba-on-five-year-deal-from-juventus-for-a-world-record-transfer-fee-of-aps89m-a-105m-mak.md) _Context: Manchester United_
