### [2013-12-5](/news/2013/12/5/index.md)

# 2013 Central African Republic coup d'tat:The United Nations approves the creation of the MISCA peacekeeping mission in the Central African Republic, initially led by the African Union with French military support, to help quell the ongoing civil war, as reports emerge of more than 100 people killed during recent clashes in the capital Bangui. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/12/05/us-centralafrican-fighting-idUSBRE9B405F20131205)

### Related:

1. [Pope Francis' 2015 visit to Africa Pope Francis travels to a besieged Muslim neighborhood known as PK5 in the Central African Republic, a country wracked by sectarian violence. This visit is part of Francis's message of peace and reconciliation. As a result of the violence over the last two years, most of the capital Bangui's 100,000-plus Muslims have fled; now only 15,000 remain. ](/news/2015/11/30/pope-francis-2015-visit-to-africa-ppope-francis-travels-to-a-besieged-muslim-neighborhood-known-as-pk5-in-the-central-african-republic-a-c.md) _Context: Bangui's, Central African Republic, sectarian violence_
2. [Central African Republic conflict under the Djotodia administration:The Red Cross claims that at least 300 people have died in two days of fighting in Bangui, the capital of the Central African Republic. ](/news/2013/12/6/central-african-republic-conflict-under-the-djotodia-administration-pthe-red-cross-claims-that-at-least-300-people-have-died-in-two-days-of.md) _Context: Bangui's, Central African Republic, sectarian violence_
3. [2012-13 Central African Republic conflict:All non-essential United Nations staff are removed from Central African Republic, as Seleka rebels move to within 75km of the capital, Bangui. ](/news/2013/03/23/2012a13-central-african-republic-conflict-pall-non-essential-united-nations-staff-are-removed-from-central-african-republic-as-seleka-reb.md) _Context: Bangui's, Central African Republic, United Nations_
4. [While voters in Central African Republic cast their ballots in a constitutional referendum aimed at ending years of sectarian strife,  clashes erupt in the capital Bangui's PK5 Muslim neighborhood, killing at least two and injuring over 20. PK5 residents, visited by Pope Francis two weeks ago,  marched to the U.N. headquarters in the country to complain they were unable to cast their ballots. The proposed constitution would limit a president to two terms, add an upper house to go along with the National Assembly, and fight institutional corruption. ](/news/2015/12/13/while-voters-in-central-african-republic-cast-their-ballots-in-a-constitutional-referendum-aimed-at-ending-years-of-sectarian-strife-clash.md) _Context: Bangui's, Central African Republic_
5. [All 500 of the prisoners escape from the Ngaraba jail in Bangui, the capital of the Central African Republic. ](/news/2015/09/29/all-500-of-the-prisoners-escape-from-the-ngaraba-jail-in-bangui-the-capital-of-the-central-african-republic.md) _Context: Bangui's, Central African Republic_
6. [Soldiers detain the interim president and prime minister of Burkina Faso, as well as a number of cabinet ministers, sparking fear of a coup d'etat. A joint statement by the United Nations, the African Union, and the Economic Community of West African States states that the presidential guard should immediately release the leaders of the interim government. ](/news/2015/09/16/soldiers-detain-the-interim-president-and-prime-minister-of-burkina-faso-as-well-as-a-number-of-cabinet-ministers-sparking-fear-of-a-coup.md) _Context: African Union, United Nations_
7. [French President Francois Hollande promises to investigate claims that French Army soldiers were involved in sexual child abuse in the Central African Republic. ](/news/2015/05/1/french-president-franassois-hollande-promises-to-investigate-claims-that-french-army-soldiers-were-involved-in-sexual-child-abuse-in-the-cent.md) _Context: Central African Republic, French Army_
8. [At least 11 people are killed in an attack on a church by the Slka militia group in the city of Bangui in the Central African Republic.  ](/news/2014/05/28/at-least-11-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-on-a-church-by-the-seleka-militia-group-in-the-city-of-bangui-in-the-central-african-republic.md) _Context: Bangui's, Central African Republic_
9. [A mass grave of Christians is discovered in a neighborhood in Bangui, Central African Republic, formerly occupied by the Muslim Seleka rebels. ](/news/2014/02/15/a-mass-grave-of-christians-is-discovered-in-a-neighborhood-in-bangui-central-african-republic-formerly-occupied-by-the-muslim-seleka-rebel.md) _Context: Bangui's, Central African Republic_
10. [Heavy gunfire erupts in Central African Republic's capital Bangui. ](/news/2014/01/24/heavy-gunfire-erupts-in-central-african-republic-s-capital-bangui.md) _Context: Bangui's, Central African Republic_
