### [2013-12-5](/news/2013/12/5/index.md)

# Myanmar's Thein Sein and the Philippines' Benigno Aquino III ink trade agreements including those that involve renewable energy, mass media, and visa-free travel.  




### Source:

1. [GMA News](http://www.gmanetwork.com/news/story/338457/pinoyabroad/news/pinoys-may-now-enjoy-visa-free-entry-to-myanmar)

### Related:

1. [''Philippines v. China''On his final day as President of the Philippines, Benigno Aquino III says he was right when he sued China over the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/06/29/philippines-v-china-pon-his-final-day-as-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-aquino-iii-says-he-was-right-when-he-sued-china-over-the.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, Philippine_
2. [In Myanmar's capital Naypyidaw, Htin Kyaw is sworn in by House Speaker Mahn Win Khaing Than as the first civilian president in 54 years.  Htin Kyaw, a close aide to Aung San Suu Kyi, takes power from former general Thein Sein. ](/news/2016/03/30/in-myanmar-s-capital-naypyidaw-htin-kyaw-is-sworn-in-by-house-speaker-mahn-win-khaing-than-as-the-first-civilian-president-in-54-years-ht.md) _Context: Myanmar, Thein Sein_
3. [United States President Barack Obama hosts a two-day summit in Rancho Mirage, California with leaders of the ASEAN member states, including democratically-elected Benigno Aquino III of the Philippines and Joko Widodo of Indonesia as well as autocratic rulers such as Hun Sen of Cambodia and Najib Razak of Malaysia. ](/news/2016/02/15/united-states-president-barack-obama-hosts-a-two-day-summit-in-rancho-mirage-california-with-leaders-of-the-asean-member-states-including.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, Philippine_
4. [The Philippine Commission on Elections disqualifies presidential frontrunner Grace Poe, who is a rival of Mar Roxas, the candidate favored by President Benigno Aquino III. The move is widely believed to be politically motivated. ](/news/2015/12/22/the-philippine-commission-on-elections-disqualifies-presidential-frontrunner-grace-poe-who-is-a-rival-of-mar-roxas-the-candidate-favored-b.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, Philippine_
5. [Myanmar's democracy icon Aung San Suu Kyi discusses the smooth transfer of power to her National League for Democracy (NLD) party with President Thein Sein, their first public meeting since the  November election. The new administration will be sworn in early next year. ](/news/2015/12/2/myanmar-s-democracy-icon-aung-san-suu-kyi-discusses-the-smooth-transfer-of-power-to-her-national-league-for-democracy-nld-party-with-presi.md) _Context: Myanmar, Thein Sein_
6. [Human rights activists and families of the victims decry the lack of justice six years after the murder of around 58 people, including journalists and politicians,  in Maguindanao, Mindanao. They criticize the regime of Philippines President Benigno Aquino III for the lack of convictions in the trial. ](/news/2015/11/23/human-rights-activists-and-families-of-the-victims-decry-the-lack-of-justice-six-years-after-the-murder-of-around-58-people-including-journ.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, Philippine_
7. [ President Benigno Aquino III says the Philippines doesn't have the capacity to permanently house Manus Island refugees from Australian-run detention camps. ](/news/2015/10/27/president-benigno-aquino-iii-says-the-philippines-doesn-t-have-the-capacity-to-permanently-house-manus-island-refugees-from-australian-run.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, Philippine_
8. [Philippines President Benigno Aquino III holds his final State of the Nation Address before stepping down in 2016.  He advocates the passage of the Bangsamoro Basic Law and an anti-dynasty bill. ](/news/2015/07/27/philippines-president-benigno-aquino-iii-holds-his-final-state-of-the-nation-address-before-stepping-down-in-2016-he-advocates-the-passage.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, Philippine_
9. [A journalist from CNN is shot and killed in the Philippines, the 27th journalist murdered during the administration of Benigno Aquino III. ](/news/2015/06/25/a-journalist-from-cnn-is-shot-and-killed-in-the-philippines-the-27th-journalist-murdered-during-the-administration-of-benigno-aquino-iii.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, Philippine_
10. [Philippines President Benigno Aquino III asks Indonesian President Joko Widodo to spare the life of Mary Jane Veloso, a migrant domestic worker sentenced to death for drug trafficking.  ](/news/2015/04/27/philippines-president-benigno-aquino-iii-asks-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-to-spare-the-life-of-mary-jane-veloso-a-migrant-domestic-wor.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, Philippine_
