### [2013-12-5](/news/2013/12/5/index.md)

# Pope Francis, in his first major action on the still very pressing issue, gives his assent during meetings on reform of the Roman Curia to the creation of a permanent expert-member Pontifical Commission which would advise the Catholic Church on how to deal with cases of the sin and crime of sex abuse of minors by those in Church ministries (as of now, it would not be able to take corrective action against lax Bishops; dioceses and then the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith are in charge of laicizing abusive clerics). 




### Source:

1. [Catholic News Service](http://www.catholicnews.com/data/stories/cns/1305105.htm)

### Related:

1. [Pope Francis, in his annual pre-Christmas speech, urged the Roman Curia (cardinals and bishops who direct Holy See actions), to follow his "catalogue of virtues," e.g., to show more maturity, honesty, humility, and sobriety in their tasks. He listed "Curial antibiotics" to treat the "15 ailments of the Curia" he outlined last year and which still plague the Vatican. ](/news/2015/12/21/pope-francis-in-his-annual-pre-christmas-speech-urged-the-roman-curia-cardinals-and-bishops-who-direct-holy-see-actions-to-follow-his.md) _Context: Pope Francis, Roman Curia_
2. [Pope Francis, in an Apostolic Letter, done "Motu Proprio" (Latin: "On his own initiative"), creates the Secretariat for Communications, the second such Secretariat he has created, after the earlier Secretariat for the Economy, as part of a reform of the Roman Curia (Secretariats are the highest level of Curial dicastery, or department). It will incorporate Vatican Information Service (VIS), the News.va and Pope apps, the Vatican Television Center, the Vatican.va website and .va domain name, the L'Osservatore Romano newspaper, the Holy See Press Office, Vatican Radio, and the Pontifical Council for Social Communications. He named the Reverend Monsignor Dario Edoardo Vigano, formerly the Vatican Television Center Director, as the first Prefect. ](/news/2015/06/27/pope-francis-in-an-apostolic-letter-done-motu-proprio-latin-on-his-own-initiative-creates-the-secretariat-for-communications-the.md) _Context: Pope Francis, Roman Curia_
3. [At the Vatican, Pope Francis's officials in the Roman Curia formally release the text of his most recent encyclical, "Laudato si"'. The text, which had been quite anticipated by many sides on the climate change debate and been criticized by some for his involvement in the politicized and charged issue, had been previously leaked. ](/news/2015/06/18/at-the-vatican-pope-francis-s-officials-in-the-roman-curia-formally-release-the-text-of-his-most-recent-encyclical-laudato-si-the-text.md) _Context: Pope Francis, Roman Curia_
4. [Pope Francis, in the most significant reform of the Roman Curia in 25 years, creates a second Secretariat, for Economic Affairs, headed by a Cardinal (which will work with the Vatican Secretariat of State, the reformed Vatican bank, or IOR, and the other economic departments of the Roman Curia), which will have an office with the power to audit any Vatican agency at any time. ](/news/2014/02/24/pope-francis-in-the-most-significant-reform-of-the-roman-curia-in-25-years-creates-a-second-secretariat-for-economic-affairs-headed-by-a.md) _Context: Pope Francis, Roman Curia_
5. [Pope Francis names a new Pontifical Commission to investigate current accounting practices among all Vatican offices and bodies and to help devise new strategies for greater fiscal responsibility and fiscal transparency. ](/news/2013/07/19/pope-francis-names-a-new-pontifical-commission-to-investigate-current-accounting-practices-among-all-vatican-offices-and-bodies-and-to-help.md) _Context: Pontifical Commission, Pope Francis_
6. [Pope Francis arrives in Colombia for a five-day visit. In early 2016, Francis promised he would visit the South American country once a civil war peace agreement was in place. ](/news/2017/09/6/pope-francis-arrives-in-colombia-for-a-five-day-visit-in-early-2016-francis-promised-he-would-visit-the-south-american-country-once-a-civi.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
7. [Pope Francis ousts conservative cardinal Gerhard Ludwig Muller. ](/news/2017/07/1/pope-francis-ousts-conservative-cardinal-gerhard-ludwig-ma1-4ller.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
8. [Pope Francis criticizes naming the U.S. military's biggest non-nuclear explosive as the Mother of All Bombs, saying that the word "mother" should not be used in reference to a deadly weapon. ](/news/2017/05/6/pope-francis-criticizes-naming-the-u-s-military-s-biggest-non-nuclear-explosive-as-the-mother-of-all-bombs-saying-that-the-word-mother-s.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
9. [The Holy See and Myanmar establish full diplomatic relations following a meeting between Pope Francis and Myanmar's State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-holy-see-and-myanmar-establish-full-diplomatic-relations-following-a-meeting-between-pope-francis-and-myanmar-s-state-counsellor-aung-sa.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
10. [Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau asks Pope Francis for a public apology for the Roman Catholic Church's role in the abuse of indigenous children in the residential school system. In 2009, Pope Benedict XVI issued an expression of sorrow after an audience with Assembly of First Nations Chief Phil Fontaine. ](/news/2017/05/29/canadian-prime-minister-justin-trudeau-asks-pope-francis-for-a-public-apology-for-the-roman-catholic-church-s-role-in-the-abuse-of-indigenou.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
