### [2013-12-5](/news/2013/12/5/index.md)

# United States Secretary of State John Kerry meets with the Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu in Jerusalem to talk about many topics including the nuclear program of Iran. 




### Source:

1. [U.S. Department of State](http://www.state.gov/secretary/remarks/2013/12/218347.htm)

### Related:

1. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry meets Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas in Ramallah and urges him to restart peace talks, before holding talks with the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. ](/news/2013/04/8/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-in-ramallah-and-urges-him-to-restart-peace-t.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, John Kerry, Prime Minister of Israel, United States Secretary of State_
2. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu  prohibits all members of the Knesset (MKs) from visiting the Jerusalem site revered by Jews as the Temple Mount, and by Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary, in an attempt to calm several days of violence in the Old City. The prohibition applies to both Jewish and Muslim parliamentarians. ](/news/2015/10/8/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-prohibits-all-members-of-the-knesset-mks-from-visiting-the-jerusalem-site-revered-by-jews-as-th.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Jerusalem, Prime Minister of Israel_
3. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu addresses a joint meeting of the United States Congress over the nuclear program of Iran. ](/news/2015/03/3/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-addresses-a-joint-meeting-of-the-united-states-congress-over-the-nuclear-program-of-iran.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Prime Minister of Israel, nuclear scientist_
4. [Pope Francis meets with the Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu at the Vatican to discuss global affairs including the nuclear program of Iran. ](/news/2013/12/2/pope-francis-meets-with-the-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-at-the-vatican-to-discuss-global-affairs-including-the-nuclear-progr.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Prime Minister of Israel, nuclear scientist_
5. [Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu resists calls from the United States to stop construction in Jerusalem; the United Nations claims Israel's blockade of Gaza prevents it from educating thousands of Palestinian children. ](/news/2010/04/23/prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-resists-calls-from-the-united-states-to-stop-construction-in-jerusalem-the-united-nations-claim.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Jerusalem, Prime Minister of Israel_
6. [Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu cancels a visit with the foreign minister of Germany Sigmar Gabriel after the latter's refusal to cancel a meeting with the Israel Defense Forces veterans NGO Breaking the Silence saying the group "slanders IDF soldiers as war criminals"](/news/2017/04/25/prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-cancels-a-visit-with-the-foreign-minister-of-germany-sigmar-gabriel-after-the-latter-s-refusal-t.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Prime Minister of Israel_
7. [The Attorney General of Israel Avichai Mandelblit orders a criminal investigation of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for alleged corruption in two different cases. ](/news/2016/12/28/the-attorney-general-of-israel-avichai-mandelblit-orders-a-criminal-investigation-of-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-for-alleged-c.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Prime Minister of Israel_
8. [The Saudi-led military coalition and the Houthis (Ansar Allah) arrive at a ceasefire agreement effective as of 17 November 2016, as a result of talks  led by US Secretary of State John Kerry with the region's leaders.](/news/2016/11/16/the-saudi-led-military-coalition-and-the-houthis-ansar-allah-arrive-at-a-ceasefire-agreement-effective-as-of-17-november-2016-as-a-result.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States Secretary of State_
9. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry arrives in Kiev, Ukraine, where he is expected to discuss ways of ending the conflict in the east of the country. The visit, along with his visit to Georgia yesterday, comes ahead of the NATO summit in Warsaw that will take place tomorrow. ](/news/2016/07/7/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-arrives-in-kiev-ukraine-where-he-is-expected-to-discuss-ways-of-ending-the-conflict-in-the-east-of-the.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States Secretary of State_
10. [The United States Secretary of State John Kerry warns Turkey it could lose its NATO membership if it fails to uphold the principles of democracy. Around 8,000 police officers have been sacked in the country following the attempted coup, with more than 6,000 people in the army, the judiciary and other state bodies detained as part of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's crackdown. ](/news/2016/07/18/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-warns-turkey-it-could-lose-its-nato-membership-if-it-fails-to-uphold-the-principles-of-democ.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States Secretary of State_
