### [2011-02-19](/news/2011/02/19/index.md)

# Iranian director Asghar Farhadi wins three awards, including the Golden Bear, for his film "Nader and Simin, A Separation" as the 61st Berlin International Film Festival ends. There are other winners from Argentina, Albania, Germany and Hungary. 




### Source:

1. [Deutsche Welle](http://www.dw-world.de/dw/article/0,,14855532,00.html)

### Related:

1. [Erasmus bus crash. Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/erasmus-bus-crash-thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-fall.md) _Context: Germany, Hungary_
2. [Vienna Conference on Syria. Syrian Civil War. Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/vienna-conference-on-syria-syrian-civil-war-iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-represen.md) _Context: Germany, Iran_
3. [European migrant crisis. Following Austria's and Germany's decision to waive their asylum system rules, approximately 6,500 migrants - mostly from Syria, Iraq, and Afghanistan - arrive in Vienna. They traveled from Hungary by bus, train or on foot. The migrants were given the opportunity to register in Austria or move on to Germany. ](/news/2015/09/5/european-migrant-crisis-following-austria-s-and-germany-s-decision-to-waive-their-asylum-system-rules-approximately-6-500-migrants-mos.md) _Context: Germany, Hungary_
4. [European migrant crisis. Foreign ministers from Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia meet with officials from the European Union and Germany to discuss differences over migrant quotas. ](/news/2015/09/11/european-migrant-crisis-foreign-ministers-from-czech-republic-hungary-poland-and-slovakia-meet-with-officials-from-the-european-union-and.md) _Context: Germany, Hungary_
5. [Iran, the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, People's Republic of China, Germany, and the European Union (the P5+1) reach a breakthrough agreement on the general framework for an agreement on Iran's nuclear program, but sign no verbal agreement or official document. The deadline for a full deal is June 30, 2015. ](/news/2015/04/2/iran-the-united-states-the-united-kingdom-france-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-germany-and-the-european-union-the-p5-1-reach-a.md) _Context: Germany, Iran_
6. [Representatives of six major world powers - China, France, Germany, United Kingdom, Russia and the United States - meet with Iranian officials to discuss the nation's nuclear program. ](/news/2013/02/26/representatives-of-six-major-world-powers-china-france-germany-united-kingdom-russia-and-the-united-states-meet-with-iranian-off.md) _Context: Germany, Iran_
7. [2013 Romanian drama film Child's Pose wins the Golden Bear at the 63rd Berlin International Film Festival in Berlin, Germany. ](/news/2013/02/16/2013-romanian-drama-film-child-s-pose-wins-the-golden-bear-at-the-63rd-berlin-international-film-festival-in-berlin-germany.md) _Context: Germany, Golden Bear_
8. [Four suspects are arrested in Germany for their alleged involvement in illegally providing Iran with necessary technical parts to build a nuclear reactor. ](/news/2012/08/15/four-suspects-are-arrested-in-germany-for-their-alleged-involvement-in-illegally-providing-iran-with-necessary-technical-parts-to-build-a-nu.md) _Context: Germany, Iran_
9. [Bolivia takes steps to ensure that Ahmad Vahidi, the Iranian Minister of Defence, leaves the country as soon as possible following a complaint from Argentina who believed that he was responsible for the 1994 bombing of a Jewish Community City in Buenos Aires. ](/news/2011/05/31/bolivia-takes-steps-to-ensure-that-ahmad-vahidi-the-iranian-minister-of-defence-leaves-the-country-as-soon-as-possible-following-a-complai.md) _Context: Argentina, Iran_
10. [German-Iranian relations:. Following a visit by German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle to Iran, two German journalists charged with espionage are released and return to Germany having been imprisoned since October for interviewing the son and lawyer of Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani.](/news/2011/02/20/german-iranian-relations-following-a-visit-by-german-foreign-minister-guido-westerwelle-to-iran-two-german-journalists-charged-with-esp.md) _Context: Germany, Iran_
