### [2011-02-19](/news/2011/02/19/index.md)

# Thousands of political prisoners of former President of Tunisia Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali are released in Tunisia. 

An&#x20;amnesty&#x20;for&#x20;political&#x20;prisoners&#x20;held&#x20;under&#x20;ousted&#x20;president&#x20;Zine&#x20;al-Abidine&#x20;Ben&#x20;Ali&#x20;came&#x20;into&#x20;force&#x20;on&#x20;Saturday&#x20;and&#x20;some&#x20;3,000&#x20;prisoners&#x20;have&#x20;already&#x20;been&#x20;conditionally&#x20;released.&#x20;The&#x20;amnesty&#x20;was&#x20;approved&#x20;at&#x20;a&#x20;cabinet&#x20;meeting&#x20;on&#x20;Friday.


### Source:

1. [France 24](http://www.france24.com/en/20110219-thousands-political-prisoners-held-under-ben-ali-released-under-general-amnesty-tunisia)

### Related:

1. [Former President of Tunisia Zine El Abidine Ben Ali is sentenced to 20 years imprisonment "in absentia" by a Tunisian military court for inciting murder and violence during the revolution that ousted him from power in January 2011. ](/news/2012/06/13/former-president-of-tunisia-zine-el-abidine-ben-ali-is-sentenced-to-20-years-imprisonment-in-absentia-by-a-tunisian-military-court-for-inc.md) _Context: President of Tunisia, Tunisia_
2. [The President of Tunisia, Moncef Marzouki, states that Tunisia is prepared to extradite former Prime Minister of Libya Baghdadi Mahmudi to Tripoli to face charges of abuse of office, if the Libyan government can guarantee a fair trial. ](/news/2012/01/2/the-president-of-tunisia-moncef-marzouki-states-that-tunisia-is-prepared-to-extradite-former-prime-minister-of-libya-baghdadi-mahmudi-to-t.md) _Context: President of Tunisia, Tunisia_
3. [Arab Spring:. Tunisian revolution: Ousted former President of Tunisia Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali and his wife are sentenced to 35 years in prison for misappropriating public funds, with the trial held "in absentia". ](/news/2011/06/20/arab-spring-tunisian-revolution-ousted-former-president-of-tunisia-zine-al-abidine-ben-ali-and-his-wife-are-sentenced-to-35-years-in-pris.md) _Context: President of Tunisia, Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali_
4. [Tunisia:. French media reports that former President of Tunisia Zine el-Abidine Ben Ali has been hospitalised in Saudi Arabia with a stroke. ](/news/2011/02/17/tunisia-french-media-reports-that-former-president-of-tunisia-zine-el-abidine-ben-ali-has-been-hospitalised-in-saudi-arabia-with-a-stroke.md) _Context: President of Tunisia, Tunisia_
5. [2010-2011 Tunisian uprising:. Thousands continue protesting in Tunisia calling on remaining figures of ousted President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali's regime to leave the interim government. ](/news/2011/01/27/2010-2011-tunisian-uprising-thousands-continue-protesting-in-tunisia-calling-on-remaining-figures-of-ousted-president-zine-el-abidine-be.md) _Context: President of Tunisia, Tunisia_
6. [2010-2011 Tunisian protests:. Tunisian officials negotiate the formation of a supervisory council to oversee the country's interim government, in an effort to appease protesters angry at the continued presence in the cabinet of holdovers linked to deposed President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali-sregime. ](/news/2011/01/24/2010-2011-tunisian-protests-tunisian-officials-negotiate-the-formation-of-a-supervisory-council-to-oversee-the-country-s-interim-governm.md) _Context: President of Tunisia, Tunisia_
7. [Tunisian police arrest two politicians linked to former President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, who was recently ousted in a popular uprising. ](/news/2011/01/23/tunisian-police-arrest-two-politicians-linked-to-former-president-zine-el-abidine-ben-ali-who-was-recently-ousted-in-a-popular-uprising.md) _Context: President of Tunisia, Tunisia_
8. [Tunisia's prime minister Mohamed Ghannouchi promises in a TV interview to leave politics "in the shortest possible timeframe" after elections to be held following President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali's recent fall. ](/news/2011/01/22/tunisia-s-prime-minister-mohamed-ghannouchi-promises-in-a-tv-interview-to-leave-politics-in-the-shortest-possible-timeframe-after-election.md) _Context: President of Tunisia, Tunisia_
9. [Situation in Tunisia:. Tunisia's interim President Fouad Mebazaa and Prime Minister Mohammed Ghannouchi resign from the ruling Constitutional Democratic Rally party amid a row over the make-up of the new government. ](/news/2011/01/18/situation-in-tunisia-tunisia-s-interim-president-fouad-mebazaa-and-prime-minister-mohammed-ghannouchi-resign-from-the-ruling-constitutiona.md) _Context: President of Tunisia, Tunisia_
10. [2016 Djebel Jelloud train accident. A train and a bus collide in Tunis, Tunisia, killing 5 and injuring around 52. ](/news/2016/12/28/2016-djebel-jelloud-train-accident-a-train-and-a-bus-collide-in-tunis-tunisia-killing-5-and-injuring-around-52.md) _Context: Tunisia_
