### [2002-12-7](/news/2002/12/7/index.md)

# Miss Turkey, Azra Akin from Almelo, won the Miss World competition which had been moved from Nigeria to London because of religious violence.




### Related:

1. [ Following riots and killings in Nigeria, Miss World contest organizers leave and reconvene in London](/news/2002/11/23/following-riots-and-killings-in-nigeria-miss-world-contest-organizers-leave-and-reconvene-in-london.md) _Context: London, Miss World, Nigeria_
2. [Turkey, South Africa and Russia react angrily to the British government and demand an explanation for the revelations that their politicians and senior officials were spied on and bugged during the 2009 G20 summit in London ](/news/2013/06/17/turkey-south-africa-and-russia-react-angrily-to-the-british-government-and-demand-an-explanation-for-the-revelations-that-their-politicians.md) _Context: London, Turkey_
3. [Thousands of people in south-eastern Nigeria attend the funeral of former Biafran secessionist leader Chukwuemeka Odumegwu-Ojukwu who died in London last year. ](/news/2012/03/2/thousands-of-people-in-south-eastern-nigeria-attend-the-funeral-of-former-biafran-secessionist-leader-chukwuemeka-odumegwu-ojukwu-who-died-i.md) _Context: London, Nigeria_
4. [ At least 100 people were killed at the Miss World Beauty Pageant in Nigeria. At least 200 of others were reported missing. The Miss World Beauty Pageant was meant to be a significant international event, and all the world was looking forward to it. It had been planned for weeks. Instead, the entire event was violently interrupted by Muslim and Christian mobs. The Miss World competition was decided to be moved to London.](/news/2002/11/22/at-least-100-people-were-killed-at-the-miss-world-beauty-pageant-in-nigeria-at-least-200-of-others-were-reported-missing-the-miss-world-b.md) _Context: London, Miss World_
5. [A fire at the 79-story Dubai Torch Tower in the United Arab Emirates, which forced nighttime evacuations, was under control in a few hours with no serious injuries immediately reported. The building's exterior was still being renovated from a fire in February, 2015, which   investigators had blamed, at least in part, to flammable siding,  echoing the findings of this past June's Grenfell Tower fire in London.  ](/news/2017/08/4/a-fire-at-the-79-story-dubai-torch-tower-in-the-united-arab-emirates-which-forced-nighttime-evacuations-was-under-control-in-a-few-hours-w.md) _Context: London_
6. [At a news briefing in London, the CEO of Smartmatic,  the Venezuelan-owned multinational company that provided the election system used in  Sunday's election, says the number of those participating in the poll was tampered with, off by at least one million. ](/news/2017/08/2/at-a-news-briefing-in-london-the-ceo-of-smartmatic-the-venezuelan-owned-multinational-company-that-provided-the-election-system-used-in.md) _Context: London_
7. [Boko Haram insurgents ambush an oil exploration team in the Magumeri area of Borno State, Nigeria, killing at least 69 people. ](/news/2017/07/30/boko-haram-insurgents-ambush-an-oil-exploration-team-in-the-magumeri-area-of-borno-state-nigeria-killing-at-least-69-people.md) _Context: Nigeria_
8. [A 6.7 magnitude earthquake in the Aegean Sea near Greece and Turkey kills two people and injures more than 520 others. ](/news/2017/07/21/a-6-7-magnitude-earthquake-in-the-aegean-sea-near-greece-and-turkey-kills-two-people-and-injures-more-than-520-others.md) _Context: Turkey_
9. [Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-of-the-u-s-decisio.md) _Context: Turkey_
10. [Five men in London are attacked with acid in five linked attacks. Two teenaged suspects are taken into custody. ](/news/2017/07/13/five-men-in-london-are-attacked-with-acid-in-five-linked-attacks-two-teenaged-suspects-are-taken-into-custody.md) _Context: London_
