### [2002-12-7](/news/2002/12/7/index.md)

# Two paintings by Vincent van Gogh were stolen from the Van Gogh Museum in Amsterdam overnight. Coming shortly after a large diamond theft from an exhibition at the Museon in The Hague, it casts doubt on the high-tech security systems.




### Related:

1. [The Van Gogh Museum in Amsterdam identifies a new Vincent Van Gogh painting, ''Sunset at Montmajour''. ](/news/2013/09/9/the-van-gogh-museum-in-amsterdam-identifies-a-new-vincent-van-gogh-painting-sunset-at-montmajour.md) _Context: Amsterdam, Van Gogh, Van Gogh Museum_
2. [Aftermath of the Bosnian War and An appeals court in The Hague rules that Netherlands is partly to blame for the deaths of some 350 Muslim Bosnian men in the 1995 Srebrenica genocide and, in a move considered landmark, orders it to pay limited damages. ](/news/2017/06/27/aftermath-of-the-bosnian-war-and-an-appeals-court-in-the-hague-rules-that-netherlands-is-partly-to-blame-for-the-deaths-of-some-350-muslim-b.md) _Context: The Hague_
3. [A Filipino lawyer files a complaint of "mass murder and crimes against humanity" against Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte and eleven other officials at the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2017/04/24/a-filipino-lawyer-files-a-complaint-of-mass-murder-and-crimes-against-humanity-against-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-and-eleven-ot.md) _Context: The Hague_
4. [The Lesedi La Rona diamond, the largest uncut diamond in the world, went on sale at an auction in Mayfair with it expected to sell at PS52 million, or US$70 million. However, the diamond only managed to draw a high bid of US$61 million, falling short of the reserve price to sell it. ](/news/2016/06/29/the-lesedi-la-rona-diamond-the-largest-uncut-diamond-in-the-world-went-on-sale-at-an-auction-in-mayfair-with-it-expected-to-sell-at-aps52-m.md) _Context: diamond_
5. [Human rights abuse victims during the regime of Ferdinand Marcos stake a claim on auction proceeds from Imelda Marcos' art collection, which includes pieces by Michelangelo, Monet, Van Gogh, and Picasso. ](/news/2016/04/15/human-rights-abuse-victims-during-the-regime-of-ferdinand-marcos-stake-a-claim-on-auction-proceeds-from-imelda-marcos-art-collection-which.md) _Context: Van Gogh_
6. [The trial of former President of the Ivory Coast Laurent Gbagbo for crimes against humanity begins at the International Criminal Court in The Hague. ](/news/2016/01/28/the-trial-of-former-president-of-the-ivory-coast-laurent-gbagbo-for-crimes-against-humanity-begins-at-the-international-criminal-court-in-th.md) _Context: The Hague_
7. [A special court is set up at The Hague to try Kosovo Liberation Army suspects for alleged war crimes against ethnic minorities and political opponents. ](/news/2016/01/15/a-special-court-is-set-up-at-the-hague-to-try-kosovo-liberation-army-suspects-for-alleged-war-crimes-against-ethnic-minorities-and-political.md) _Context: The Hague_
8. [Researchers at North Carolina State University discover a new diamond-like, solid phase of carbon, called Q-carbon, that can be attained at room temperature. The result is a uniquely crystalline material, harder than a real diamond and likely boasting a variety of new properties, most unknown or unstudied. ](/news/2015/11/30/researchers-at-north-carolina-state-university-discover-a-new-diamond-like-solid-phase-of-carbon-called-q-carbon-that-can-be-attained-at.md) _Context: diamond_
9. [An 18th-century pink Indian diamond worth at least $5 million and a Cartier diamond tiara are discovered in the jewelry recovered from Imelda Marcos. ](/news/2015/11/25/an-18th-century-pink-indian-diamond-worth-at-least-5-million-and-a-cartier-diamond-tiara-are-discovered-in-the-jewelry-recovered-from-imeld.md) _Context: diamond_
10. [The United Nations General Assembly humanitarian committee adopts, by a 112&ndash;19 vote (with 50 abstentions), a resolution that condemns North Korea for gross violations of human rights and supports referring the country and its leaders to the International Criminal Court in The Hague. The resolution will be sent to the full General Assembly, where it is expected to pass, given the committee vote. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-united-nations-general-assembly-humanitarian-committee-adopts-by-a-112-ndash-19-vote-with-50-abstentions-a-resolution-that-condemns.md) _Context: The Hague_
