### [2012-05-1](/news/2012/05/1/index.md)

# U.S. President Barack Obama visits Afghanistan on an unannounced visit coinciding with the first anniversary of Osama Bin Laden's assassination by the U.S. Special Forces in Pakistan, signing an agreement with Afghan President Hamid Karzai outlining a continuing U.S. role in Afghanistan after 2014. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-17916489)

### Related:

1. [Pakistan expels British military advisers following the United States Navy Seals raid that resulted in the death of Osama bin Laden. ](/news/2011/06/27/pakistan-expels-british-military-advisers-following-the-united-states-navy-seals-raid-that-resulted-in-the-death-of-osama-bin-laden.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, Pakistan, father's killing_
2. [Pakistan's Directorate for Inter-Services Intelligence has arrested Central Intelligence Agency informants who contributed to the raid on Osama bin Laden. ](/news/2011/06/14/pakistan-s-directorate-for-inter-services-intelligence-has-arrested-central-intelligence-agency-informants-who-contributed-to-the-raid-on-os.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, Pakistan, father's killing_
3. [Death of Osama bin Laden:: President of the United States Barack Obama announces in a special TV broadcast that Osama bin Laden, the founder and leader of the militant Islamist group Al-Qaeda and the most-wanted fugitive on the FBI's Ten Most Wanted Fugitives, was killed on May 2 (Pakistan Standard Time) during an American military operation in Abbottabad, near Islamabad, Pakistan and that his body is in U.S. custody. ](/news/2011/05/1/death-of-osama-bin-laden-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-announces-in-a-special-tv-broadcast-that-osama-bin-laden-the-founder.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, Pakistan, father's killing_
4. [ Afghanistan: The President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai warns the Taliban that he will send forces into Pakistan in hot pursuit of militants. ](/news/2008/06/15/afghanistan-the-president-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-warns-the-taliban-that-he-will-send-forces-into-pakistan-in-hot-pursuit-of-militants.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Hamid Karzai, Pakistan_
5. [ Vice President of the United States Dick Cheney makes surprise visits to Pakistan and Afghanistan to encourage President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf and President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai to increase border security between the two countries and to take further action against the Taliban and al-Qaeda. ](/news/2007/02/26/vice-president-of-the-united-states-dick-cheney-makes-surprise-visits-to-pakistan-and-afghanistan-to-encourage-president-of-pakistan-pervez.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Hamid Karzai, Pakistan_
6. [ President Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan says at a press conference that he does not believe that Osama bin Laden is in Afghanistan. CIA chief Porter Goss has said in a recent interview that he has an "excellent idea" of bin Laden's whereabouts. ](/news/2005/07/9/president-hamid-karzai-of-afghanistan-says-at-a-press-conference-that-he-does-not-believe-that-osama-bin-laden-is-in-afghanistan-cia-chief.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Hamid Karzai, Osama bin Laden_
7. [ War on Terrorism:: The Pakistani government announces that it has captured Abu Faraj al-Libbi. If verified, this is the most important Al-Qaeda suspect to have been arrested thus far. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/4512885.stm (BBC)]: A former Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) agent reveals the CIA sent a team to Afghanistan only days after the September 11, 2001 attacks with orders to ""Capture Bin Laden, kill him and bring his head back in a box on dry ice"" and to leave other Al-Qaeda leaders' ""heads up on pikes."" [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/4511943.stm (BBC)] (Wikinews)](/news/2005/05/4/war-on-terrorism-the-pakistani-government-announces-that-it-has-captured-abu-faraj-al-libbi-if-verified-this-is-the-most-important-al-q.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Osama bin Laden, Pakistan_
8. [War in North-West Pakistan: Gunmen raid a Pakistani military post near the border with Afghanistan, killing at least eight people. Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, a faction of Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan, claim responsibility. ](/news/2017/03/17/war-in-north-west-pakistan-gunmen-raid-a-pakistani-military-post-near-the-border-with-afghanistan-killing-at-least-eight-people-jamaat-ul.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Pakistan_
9. [An Afghan diplomat is shot dead at the Afghan consulate in Karachi, Pakistan. ](/news/2017/02/6/an-afghan-diplomat-is-shot-dead-at-the-afghan-consulate-in-karachi-pakistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Pakistan_
10. [Heavy snow and avalanches kill dozens of people in Afghanistan and northern Pakistan, while Kabul International Airport is closed due to snow and ice on the runway. ](/news/2017/02/5/heavy-snow-and-avalanches-kill-dozens-of-people-in-afghanistan-and-northern-pakistan-while-kabul-international-airport-is-closed-due-to-sno.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Pakistan_
