### [2004-01-29](/news/2004/01/29/index.md)

#  Hutton Inquiry: The BBC Director-General, Greg Dyke, resigns in the continuing fall-out from the report. Mr Dyke is the second high-ranking BBC official to resign. Mark Byford is appointed Acting Director-General. The UK media in general condemns the report as a whitewash.




### Related:

1. [ Hutton Inquiry: Reporter Andrew Gilligan resigns from the BBC in the continuing fallout of the publication of Lord Hutton's report into the circumstances of the death of Dr David Kelly. This follows the earlier resignation of the Director-General Greg Dyke and chairman of the Board of Governors Gavyn Davies.](/news/2004/01/30/hutton-inquiry-reporter-andrew-gilligan-resigns-from-the-bbc-in-the-continuing-fallout-of-the-publication-of-lord-hutton-s-report-into-the.md) _Context: BBC, Greg Dyke, Hutton inquiry_
2. [ The British government draws up plans to break up the BBC in the wake of the Hutton inquiry. ](/news/2004/02/15/the-british-government-draws-up-plans-to-break-up-the-bbc-in-the-wake-of-the-hutton-inquiry.md) _Context: BBC, Hutton inquiry_
3. [ The Hutton Inquiry report is released, stating the suicide of Iraqi weapons expert David Kelly did not involve "dishonourable conduct" on the part of the United Kingdom's government and exonerates Prime Minister Tony Blair of any wrongdoing in Kelly's death. The BBC receives harsh criticism for the allegations within Andrew Gilligan's report on weapons of mass destruction and the BBC's subsequent backing of the report. Gavyn Davies takes full responsibility for any wrongdoing and resigns as the Chairman of the Board of Governors of the BBC.](/news/2004/01/28/the-hutton-inquiry-report-is-released-stating-the-suicide-of-iraqi-weapons-expert-david-kelly-did-not-involve-dishonourable-conduct-on-t.md) _Context: BBC, Hutton inquiry_
4. [Jodie Whittaker has been announced to be replacing Peter Capaldi as the thirteenth incarnation of The Doctor, becoming the first woman to take the lead role of the BBC's long-running science fiction television series, "Doctor Who". ](/news/2017/07/16/jodie-whittaker-has-been-announced-to-be-replacing-peter-capaldi-as-the-thirteenth-incarnation-of-the-doctor-becoming-the-first-woman-to-ta.md) _Context: BBC_
5. [The Trump White House bars "The New York Times", CNN, the "Los Angeles Times", the "New York Daily News", "The Hill", the "Daily Mail", BBC, Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as Breitbart News, One America News Network, and "The Washington Times". Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News, "The Wall Street Journal", Bloomberg News, and Fox News. "Time" magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-mail-bbc.md) _Context: BBC_
6. [The BBC reports that leaked audio recordings of air traffic tower tapes indicate that the LaMia Airlines flight was running out of fuel near the Colombian city of Medellin. ](/news/2016/11/30/the-bbc-reports-that-leaked-audio-recordings-of-air-traffic-tower-tapes-indicate-that-the-lamia-airlines-flight-was-running-out-of-fuel-near.md) _Context: BBC_
7. [Rupert Wingfield-Hayes, the BBC's Tokyo correspondent, was detained in North Korea before being expelled by the government for "speaking very ill of the system". ](/news/2016/05/9/rupert-wingfield-hayes-the-bbc-s-tokyo-correspondent-was-detained-in-north-korea-before-being-expelled-by-the-government-for-speaking-ver.md) _Context: BBC_
8. [A report by Dame Janet Smith finds that management at the BBC staff knew of complaints against Jimmy Savile but did not advise senior management due to a "culture of fear". ](/news/2016/02/25/a-report-by-dame-janet-smith-finds-that-management-at-the-bbc-staff-knew-of-complaints-against-jimmy-savile-but-did-not-advise-senior-manage.md) _Context: BBC_
9. [Former BBC journalist Jacky Sutton is found hanged in a restroom at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport. Of late, she was the acting director of the Institute for War and Peace Reporting. ](/news/2015/10/20/former-bbc-journalist-jacky-sutton-is-found-hanged-in-a-restroom-at-istanbulas-ataturk-airport-of-late-she-was-the-acting-director-of-th.md) _Context: BBC_
10. [The BBC reports that Nigeria will be removed from the list of countries where polio is endemic. ](/news/2015/09/25/the-bbc-reports-that-nigeria-will-be-removed-from-the-list-of-countries-where-polio-is-endemic.md) _Context: BBC_
