### [2004-01-29](/news/2004/01/29/index.md)

#  The Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades of Fatah claim responsibility for a suicide bombing aboard a city bus, in which Ali Yusuf Jaara, a member of the Palestinian police force, kills 10 Israelis and wounds more than 50, outside the Prime Minister's residence in Jerusalem. Simultaneously with the bombing, Shaul Mofaz, Israeli Defense Minister, is meeting with American envoys Wolfe and Sauterfield, who have requested an easing-up of conditions for the Palestinians. The explosion also coincides with a German-brokered prisoner swap between Israel and the Lebanese guerrilla group Hezbollah.




### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 8 Israelis are killed and 60 wounded, among them children on their way to school, in a suicide bombing of a city bus in Jerusalem, Israel. The Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades branch of Fatah claimed responsibility. The attack occurs one day before the start of hearings at the International Court of Justice regarding the Israeli West Bank barrier. "This attack proves just how urgent it is to build the fence", Israeli Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom said. "It is a clear preventive measure&nbsp;... We will continue building it because it saves lives." The suicide bomber came from Husan, a populated area near Bethlehem. ](/news/2004/02/22/israeli-palestinian-conflict-8-israelis-are-killed-and-60-wounded-among-them-children-on-their-way-to-school-in-a-suicide-bombing-of-a-c.md) _Context: Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, Fatah, suicide bombing_
2. [The Palestinian National Authority threatens to revoke its recognition of Israel (guaranteed by their signing of the Oslo I Accord in 1993) if the United States, under the presidency of Donald Trump, moves its Embassy in Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/01/10/the-palestinian-national-authority-threatens-to-revoke-its-recognition-of-israel-guaranteed-by-their-signing-of-the-oslo-i-accord-in-1993.md) _Context: Jerusalem, Palestinian National Authority_
3. [3 police officers are injured in Jerusalem as Israeli riot police and Palestinian protesters clash before a Jewish festival. ](/news/2014/10/15/3-police-officers-are-injured-in-jerusalem-as-israeli-riot-police-and-palestinian-protesters-clash-before-a-jewish-festival.md) _Context: Israelis, Jerusalem_
4. [Hundreds of Israeli protesters gather in Tel Aviv, Jerusalem, Haifa and Beersheba to show their solidarity with the man who self immolated on 14 July 2012. ](/news/2012/07/15/hundreds-of-israeli-protesters-gather-in-tel-aviv-jerusalem-haifa-and-beersheba-to-show-their-solidarity-with-the-man-who-self-immolated-o.md) _Context: Israelis, Jerusalem_
5. [Israel withholds 300 million NIS ($89 million) in tax and customs revenue collected on behalf of the Palestinians to the Palestinian Authority after Fatah and Hamas agree a unity deal intended to lead to a transitional government and fresh elections. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu expresses his disregard for the agreement. ](/news/2011/05/1/israel-withholds-300-million-nis-89-million-in-tax-and-customs-revenue-collected-on-behalf-of-the-palestinians-to-the-palestinian-authori.md) _Context: Fatah, Palestinian National Authority_
6. [The body of a Palestinian teenager said to have been shot dead by Jewish settlers is found. He is the first to die since Israel and the Palestinian National Authority began indirect peace talks on Saturday. In a retaliation shooting, the Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades claims responsibility for firing on a car of Jewish civilians in the West Bank. ](/news/2010/05/14/the-body-of-a-palestinian-teenager-said-to-have-been-shot-dead-by-jewish-settlers-is-found-he-is-the-first-to-die-since-israel-and-the-pale.md) _Context: Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, Palestinian National Authority_
7. [ The Al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigades of Fatah claims its militants have fired a missile into southern Israeli city of Sderot in response to Israeli raids on the Gaza Strip. Israeli sources said the rocket landed on a building and caused damages and panic. ](/news/2007/08/30/the-al-aqsa-martyrs-brigades-of-fatah-claims-its-militants-have-fired-a-missile-into-southern-israeli-city-of-sderot-in-response-to-israeli.md) _Context: Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, Fatah_
8. [ Israel has begun releasing 250 Palestinian prisoners associated with Fatah. ](/news/2007/07/20/israel-has-begun-releasing-250-palestinian-prisoners-associated-with-fatah.md) _Context: Fatah, Palestinian National Authority_
9. [ Hamas militants are considering lighter ceasefire terms offered by Fatah, specifically Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas. They are giving Israel until May 27 to respond to this agreement, that would only end Israeli operations in the Gaza Strip. Hamas has said, however, that they are not completely committed to their offer. Israeli attack helicopters launch missile strikes on a various facilities, including a security facility near Palestinian Prime Minister Haniyeh's home. At least three people are injured by the air strikes. ](/news/2007/05/26/hamas-militants-are-considering-lighter-ceasefire-terms-offered-by-fatah-specifically-palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-they-are-giving.md) _Context: Fatah, Palestinian National Authority_
10. [ Mohammed Shahadeh, leader of the al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigades terrorist organization in the Gaza Strip Bureij refugee camp, is shot to death outside his home. Fatah officials accuse members of Hamas of being behind the assassination. ](/news/2006/10/22/mohammed-shahadeh-leader-of-the-al-aqsa-martyrs-brigades-terrorist-organization-in-the-gaza-strip-bureij-refugee-camp-is-shot-to-death-ou.md) _Context: Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, Fatah_
