### [2004-01-1](/news/2004/01/1/index.md)

#  The Republic of Ireland takes over the presidency of the European Union, succeeding Italy, whose presidency is widely criticised as having been a failure due to the collapse of efforts to adopt a European constitution. 

As Ireland took over the EU&#39;s revolving six-month presidency, the Taoiseach Bertie Ahern said the country&#39;s motivating force will be to build a consensus.


### Source:

1. [RTE News](http://www.rte.ie/news/2004/0101/eu.html)

### Related:

1. [European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expatriates.md) _Context: EU, Republic of Ireland_
2. [Georgia's visa-free regime, which allows travel to most member states of the European Union, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom, enters into force. ](/news/2017/03/28/georgia-s-visa-free-regime-which-allows-travel-to-most-member-states-of-the-european-union-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-ki.md) _Context: EU, Republic of Ireland_
3. [The European Union formally grants Georgian citizens visa-free travel to its member states, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom. The signed documents will be published on March 8, and officially enter into force on March 28. ](/news/2017/03/1/the-european-union-formally-grants-georgian-citizens-visa-free-travel-to-its-member-states-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-kin.md) _Context: EU, Republic of Ireland_
4. [The European Union orders Apple to pay up to 13 billion euros in back taxes to Ireland. A three-year investigation by the EU's competition commissioner concludes that Apple received "illegal state aid" from Ireland, the EU order that Apple pay 13 billion euros ($14.5 billion), and, in addition, also interest and unpaid taxes. ](/news/2016/08/30/the-european-union-orders-apple-to-pay-up-to-13-billion-euros-in-back-taxes-to-ireland-a-three-year-investigation-by-the-eu-s-competition-c.md) _Context: EU, Republic of Ireland_
5. [In Ireland, thousands of people attend an anti-austerity rally at Dublin Castle, where EU finance ministers are meeting. Opposition TDs Richard Boyd Barrett, Joan Collins and Joe Higgins address the demonstration. ](/news/2013/04/13/in-ireland-thousands-of-people-attend-an-anti-austerity-rally-at-dublin-castle-where-eu-finance-ministers-are-meeting-opposition-tds-rich.md) _Context: EU, Republic of Ireland_
6. [The European Union urges member states to conduct random tests to tackle an ongoing horse meat contamination scandal. Simon Coveney, Ireland's Minister for Agriculture, Food and the Marine, says that the scandal is a "Europe-wide issue that needs a Europe-wide solution". ](/news/2013/02/13/the-european-union-urges-member-states-to-conduct-random-tests-to-tackle-an-ongoing-horse-meat-contamination-scandal-simon-coveney-ireland.md) _Context: EU, Republic of Ireland_
7. [Veteran Irish Labour Party TD Michael D. Higgins demands that the British government explain why one of Britain's undercover policemen was operating on Republic of Ireland territory on May Day 2004, as the European Union expanded to the east. Higgins compares it to illegal activities carried out by British state agents in the same country during the 1970s. ](/news/2011/01/14/veteran-irish-labour-party-td-michael-d-higgins-demands-that-the-british-government-explain-why-one-of-britain-s-undercover-policemen-was-o.md) _Context: EU, Republic of Ireland_
8. [ Treaty of Lisbon: Ireland approves the European Union's Treaty of Lisbon by a margin of 67.1% to 32.9% in a second referendum. ](/news/2009/10/3/treaty-of-lisbon-p-ireland-approves-the-european-unionas-treaty-of-lisbon-by-a-margin-of-67-1-to-32-9-in-a-second-referendum.md) _Context: EU, Republic of Ireland_
9. [ Treaty of Lisbon: Czech President Vaclav Klaus says he is "adamant" Irish voters will reject the European Union's Treaty of Lisbon when they vote on it again in the country's 2 October referendum, meaning his unwillingness to sign the treaty will be justified. ](/news/2009/09/24/treaty-of-lisbon-p-czech-president-va-clav-klaus-says-he-is-adamant-irish-voters-will-reject-the-european-union-s-treaty-of-lisbon-when-t.md) _Context: EU, Republic of Ireland_
10. [ The European Union declares Ireland free of brucellosis, a disease which cost the country millions of euro to eradicate. ](/news/2009/07/1/the-european-union-declares-ireland-free-of-brucellosis-a-disease-which-cost-the-country-millions-of-euro-to-eradicate.md) _Context: EU, Republic of Ireland_
