### [2009-08-15](/news/2009/08/15/index.md)

#  Japan expresses remorse for its actions in World War II on the anniversary of its 1945 defeat, but former Prime Ministers Junichiro Koizumi and Shinzo Abe visit the Yasukuni Shrine, a controversial war shrine seen as a symbol of its past militarism. 




### Source:

1. [Mainichi Daily News](http://mdn.mainichi.jp/mdnnews/news/20090815p2a00m0na019000c.html)
2. [The Straits Times](http://www.straitstimes.com/Breaking%2BNews/Asia/Story/STIStory_417113.html)

### Related:

1. [Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe visits the Yasukuni Shrine. The location is controversial because it enshrines many war criminals from World War II. The visit provokes condemnation from China and South Korea and criticism from the United States. ](/news/2013/12/26/japanese-prime-minister-shinzo-abe-visits-the-yasukuni-shrine-the-location-is-controversial-because-it-enshrines-many-war-criminals-from-wo.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe, World War II, Yasukuni Shrine_
2. [ On the 62nd anniversary of Japan's surrender in World War II, Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and his ministers do not visit the Yasukuni Shrine. ](/news/2007/08/15/on-the-62nd-anniversary-of-japan-s-surrender-in-world-war-ii-prime-minister-shinzo-abe-and-his-ministers-do-not-visit-the-yasukuni-shrine.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe, World War II, Yasukuni Shrine_
3. [ In an attempt to ease recent tensions between the two Asian economic powerhouses in the Japanese history textbooks controversy, Japanese prime minister Junichiro Koizumi publicly expressed his "deep remorse" for actions of Japanese troops in China during World War II for the first time in a decade. He intends to meet PRC president Hu Jintao at the Asia-Africa Conference in Jakarta. However, 81 Diet members visit Yasukuni Shrine the same day, causing more controversy inside and outside Japan about the true attitude of Tokyo on this subject. ](/news/2005/04/22/in-an-attempt-to-ease-recent-tensions-between-the-two-asian-economic-powerhouses-in-the-japanese-history-textbooks-controversy-japanese-pr.md) _Context: Japan, Junichiro Koizumi, Prime Minister of Japan, World War II, Yasukuni Shrine_
4. [Two Japanese cabinet ministers Keiji Furuya and Yoshitaka Shindo visit the Yasukuni Shrine to mark the 69th anniversary of Japan's surrender at the end of World War II. This visit upsets China and South Korea as the shrine contains the graves of war criminals. ](/news/2014/08/15/two-japanese-cabinet-ministers-keiji-furuya-and-yoshitaka-shindo-visit-the-yasukuni-shrine-to-mark-the-69th-anniversary-of-japan-s-surrender.md) _Context: Japan, World War II, Yasukuni Shrine, surrender_
5. [ Japanese political activist Yoshihiro Tanjo is charged with intimidation for cutting off his little finger and sending it to the Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo Abe over Shinzo's refusal to visit the Yasukuni shrine to commemorate Japan's World War II dead. ](/news/2007/08/23/japanese-political-activist-yoshihiro-tanjo-is-charged-with-intimidation-for-cutting-off-his-little-finger-and-sending-it-to-the-prime-mini.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe, World War II_
6. [ Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo Abe apologizes for Japan's use of women as sex slaves in frontline brothels during World War II. ](/news/2007/03/26/prime-minister-of-japan-shinzo-abe-apologizes-for-japan-s-use-of-women-as-sex-slaves-in-frontline-brothels-during-world-war-ii.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe, World War II_
7. [ Shinzo Abe is elected as party leader of the Liberal Democratic Party in Japan, replacing the current Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi. He will likely be elected as the new prime minister on 30 September 2006. ](/news/2006/09/20/shinzo-abe-is-elected-as-party-leader-of-the-liberal-democratic-party-in-japan-replacing-the-current-prime-minister-junichiro-koizumi-he.md) _Context: Japan, Junichiro Koizumi, Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
8. [ Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi announces plans to withdraw his country's troops from Iraq. The 600 soldiers had been deployed to Iraq in 2004 to aid in reconstruction and sparked controversy in Japan, as it was the most ambitious overseas deployment by Japan since World War II. ](/news/2006/06/20/japanese-prime-minister-junichiro-koizumi-announces-plans-to-withdraw-his-country-s-troops-from-iraq-the-600-soldiers-had-been-deployed-to.md) _Context: Japan, Junichiro Koizumi, Prime Minister of Japan, World War II_
9. [ Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi announces his fifth cabinet. Shinzo Abe, former Secretary General of the Liberal Democratic Party, becomes Chief Cabinet Secretary and is widely speculated to be Koizumi's chosen successor. Former Interior Minister Taro Aso becomes Foreign Minister, and is replaced by former economic advisor Heizo Takenaka. ](/news/2005/10/31/japanese-prime-minister-junichiro-koizumi-announces-his-fifth-cabinet-shinzo-abe-former-secretary-general-of-the-liberal-democratic-party.md) _Context: Japan, Junichiro Koizumi, Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
10. [Japan and South Korea agree to 'irreversibly' resolve a long-running dispute over Korean women the Japanese military used as sex slaves during World War II. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will issue a formal apology to the so-called "comfort women." Tokyo will set up an aid fund of about 1 billion yen ($8.3 million). ](/news/2015/12/28/japan-and-south-korea-agree-to-irreversibly-resolve-a-long-running-dispute-over-korean-women-the-japanese-military-used-as-sex-slaves-duri.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan, World War II_
