### [2014-10-6](/news/2014/10/6/index.md)

# Kashmir conflict. India and Pakistan trade fire across the borders resulting in five civilian deaths in India and four in Pakistan. 

Indian and Pakistan security forces trade fire along their troubled frontier, leaving nine civilians dead.


### Source:

1. [AFP/Reuters via ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2014-10-06/civilians-killed-in-india-pakistan-border-clashes/5794314)

### Related:

1. [2016 India-Pakistan military confrontation. Kashmir conflict. Pakistani Chief of Air Staff Sohail Aman warns India not to escalate tensions in the disputed territory of Kashmir under the threat of a full-scale war. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson urges both sides to restrain themselves while on a diplomatic mission to Islamabad. ](/news/2016/11/24/2016-india-pakistan-military-confrontation-kashmir-conflict-pakistani-chief-of-air-staff-sohail-aman-warns-india-not-to-escalate-tension.md) _Context: India, Kashmir conflict, Pakistan_
2. [2015 India-Pakistan border skirmishes. Kashmir conflict. Indian and Pakistani border guards exchange gunfire over the disputed Kashmir border with nine civilians killed and 63 injured. ](/news/2015/08/28/2015-india-pakistan-border-skirmishes-kashmir-conflict-indian-and-pakistani-border-guards-exchange-gunfire-over-the-disputed-kashmir-borde.md) _Context: India, Kashmir conflict, Pakistan_
3. [2014-15 India-Pakistan border skirmishes. Kashmir conflict. India and Pakistan trade gunfire over the border in the disputed area of Kashmir leaving eight people killed in the past week. ](/news/2015/08/16/2014-15-india-pakistan-border-skirmishes-kashmir-conflict-india-and-pakistan-trade-gunfire-over-the-border-in-the-disputed-area-of-kas.md) _Context: India, Kashmir conflict, Pakistan_
4. [Kashmir conflict:. India claims two of its soldiers have been killed during a gunfight with Pakistani forces in the Indian-controlled portion of Kashmir. This report comes two days after Pakistan made a similar claim of the death of one of its troops due to an Indian cross-border operation in the disputed region. ](/news/2013/01/8/kashmir-conflict-india-claims-two-of-its-soldiers-have-been-killed-during-a-gunfight-with-pakistani-forces-in-the-indian-controlled-portio.md) _Context: India, Kashmir conflict, Pakistan_
5. [Kashmir conflict:. Pakistan claims another of its soldiers is killed from gunfire by Indian troops near the Line of Control. This is the fifth such fatality reported in the past two weeks from either of the neighboring countries who each claim the disputed territory. ](/news/2013/01/15/kashmir-conflict-pakistan-claims-another-of-its-soldiers-is-killed-from-gunfire-by-indian-troops-near-the-line-of-control-this-is-the-fif.md) _Context: India, Kashmir conflict, Pakistan_
6. [Clashes break out between Indian and Pakistani troops near the border in the disputed Kashmir region. ](/news/2010/05/23/clashes-break-out-between-indian-and-pakistani-troops-near-the-border-in-the-disputed-kashmir-region.md) _Context: India, Kashmir conflict, Pakistan_
7. [2008 Mumbai attacks. Pakistan detains Hafiz Muhammad Saeed, the suspected mastermind of the 2008 attacks in the Indian city. Saeed, co-founder of the active terrorist organization Lashkar-e-Taiba, is being held under house arrest in Lahore in Pakistan's Punjab Province. Four other men are also under house arrest in the area. ](/news/2017/01/31/2008-mumbai-attacks-pakistan-detains-hafiz-muhammad-saeed-the-suspected-mastermind-of-the-2008-attacks-in-the-indian-city-saeed-co-found.md) _Context: India, Pakistan_
8. [Pakistan releases Indian fishermen caught in its territory as a gesture of goodwill. ](/news/2016/12/25/pakistan-releases-indian-fishermen-caught-in-its-territory-as-a-gesture-of-goodwill.md) _Context: India, Pakistan_
9. [India-Pakistan relations. Pakistan accuses eight Indian diplomats of espionage and terrorism amid rising tensions concerning Kashmir. India says it rejects these allegations. The six Pakistani diplomats withdrawn from India last week were reported to have been accused of spying. ](/news/2016/11/3/india-pakistan-relations-pakistan-accuses-eight-indian-diplomats-of-espionage-and-terrorism-amid-rising-tensions-concerning-kashmir-india.md) _Context: India, Pakistan_
10. [2016 India-Pakistan military confrontation. Pakistani officials say nine civilians have been killed after cross-border Indian shelling hit their passenger bus in Neelam Valley, northeast of Muzaffarabad, while three Pakistani soldiers were killed in other cross-border firing incidents. ](/news/2016/11/23/2016-india-pakistan-military-confrontation-pakistani-officials-say-nine-civilians-have-been-killed-after-cross-border-indian-shelling-hit.md) _Context: India, Pakistan_
