### [2000-12-12](/news/2000/12/12/index.md)

#  "Bush v. Gore": The U.S. Supreme Court stops the Florida presidential recount, effectively giving the state, and the Presidency, to George W. Bush, although some sources claimed Gore had won, by many overvotes, rejected by computer, showing votes for Gore plus write-in "Gore".




### Related:

1. [ The U.S. Supreme Court denies a bail request by Conrad Black, a member of the British House of Lords who remains in a federal prison in Florida.](/news/2009/06/11/the-u-s-supreme-court-denies-a-bail-request-by-conrad-black-a-member-of-the-british-house-of-lords-who-remains-in-a-federal-prison-in-flo.md) _Context: Florida, U.S. Supreme Court_
2. [ Two days before the 2004 United States presidential elections, President George W. Bush and challenger John Kerry tour the swing states of Ohio, New Hampshire and Florida. ](/news/2004/10/31/two-days-before-the-2004-united-states-presidential-elections-president-george-w-bush-and-challenger-john-kerry-tour-the-swing-states-of.md) _Context: Florida, George W. Bush_
3. [ U.S. presidential election: The BBC reports that it has obtained a document from George W. Bush's Florida campaign headquarters containing a list of 1,886 names and addresses of voters in largely African-American and Democratic areas of Jacksonville, Florida. Democratic Party officials allege that the document is a "caging list" that the Bush campaign intends to use to issue mass challenges to African-American voters, in violation of federal law. ](/news/2004/10/27/u-s-presidential-election-the-bbc-reports-that-it-has-obtained-a-document-from-george-w-bush-s-florida-campaign-headquarters-containing.md) _Context: Florida, George W. Bush_
4. [ Incumbent president George W. Bush and challenger Senator John F. Kerry meet at the University of Miami, Florida, in the first of three presidential debates in the run-up to the 2004 U.S. presidential election. Nielsen Media Research later reports 62.5 million people watched the debate. (Transcript) ](/news/2004/09/30/incumbent-president-george-w-bush-and-challenger-senator-john-f-kerry-meet-at-the-university-of-miami-florida-in-the-first-of-three-pre.md) _Context: Florida, George W. Bush_
5. [ The political campaigns of Republican incumbent George W. Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry agree to a tentative schedule of three televised debates, the first of which will take place on September 30 in Florida. ](/news/2004/09/20/the-political-campaigns-of-republican-incumbent-george-w-bush-and-democratic-challenger-john-kerry-agree-to-a-tentative-schedule-of-three.md) _Context: Florida, George W. Bush_
6. [ U.S. presidential election, 2000: Republican challenger and Governor of Texas George W. Bush defeats Democrat Vice President Al Gore by the electoral college, despite Gore winning the popular votes, but the final outcome is not known for over a month because of disputed votes in Florida, until 12 December 2000 the US Supreme Court stop the recount.](/news/2000/11/7/u-s-presidential-election-2000-republican-challenger-and-governor-of-texas-george-w-bush-defeats-democrat-vice-president-al-gore-by-the.md) _Context: Florida, George W. Bush_
7. [Hurricane Irma is now a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph (215 km/h). Hurricane warnings are issued for the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean, which are expected to be affected Tuesday. Rainfalls of up to 10 inches (25 centimeters) are possible. Irma is forecast to strengthen over the next 48 hours. The governors of Puerto Rico and Florida issue states of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/4/hurricane-irma-is-now-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph-215-km-h-hurricane-warnings-are-issued-for-the-leewa.md) _Context: Florida_
8. [The U.S. Supreme Court rules that the Trump administration can block international refugees from entering the United States. ](/news/2017/09/12/the-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-the-trump-administration-can-block-international-refugees-from-entering-the-united-states.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
9. [Hurricane Irma makes landfall in Florida as a category 4 hurricane, killing at least three people and knocking out power to over one million households. ](/news/2017/09/10/hurricane-irma-makes-landfall-in-florida-as-a-category-4-hurricane-killing-at-least-three-people-and-knocking-out-power-to-over-one-million.md) _Context: Florida_
10. [A discharged 45-year-old former employee shoots and kills five people at a manufacturing business in Orlando, Florida, United States. The shooter took his own life afterwards. Eight others inside the workplace survived. ](/news/2017/06/5/a-discharged-45-year-old-former-employee-shoots-and-kills-five-people-at-a-manufacturing-business-in-orlando-florida-united-states-the-sh.md) _Context: Florida_
