### [2000-12-12](/news/2000/12/12/index.md)

#  ''Bush v. Gore'': The U.S. Supreme Court stops the Florida presidential recount, effectively giving the state, and the Presidency, to George W. Bush, although some sources claimed Gore had won, by many overvotes, rejected by computer, showing votes for Gore plus write-in "Gore".




### Related:

1. [ The U.S. Supreme Court denies a bail request by Conrad Black, a member of the British House of Lords who remains in a federal prison in Florida.](/news/2009/06/11/the-u-s-supreme-court-denies-a-bail-request-by-conrad-black-a-member-of-the-british-house-of-lords-who-remains-in-a-federal-prison-in-flo.md) _Context: Florida, U.S. Supreme Court_
2. [ U.S. presidential election, 2000: Republican challenger and Governor of Texas George W. Bush defeats Democrat Vice President Al Gore by the electoral college, despite Gore winning the popular votes, but the final outcome is not known for over a month because of disputed votes in Florida, until 12 December 2000 the US Supreme Court stop the recount.](/news/2000/11/7/u-s-presidential-election-2000-republican-challenger-and-governor-of-texas-george-w-bush-defeats-democrat-vice-president-al-gore-by-the.md) _Context: Florida, George W. Bush_
3. [A ten-year-old boy from Florida with autism is arrested at school, and spends the night in a juvenile facility. Unknown to the family, the boy had an outstanding warrant for his arrest after kicking and scratching one of his educators. The Autism Society of America is looking into legal options. ](/news/2017/04/20/a-ten-year-old-boy-from-florida-with-autism-is-arrested-at-school-and-spends-the-night-in-a-juvenile-facility-unknown-to-the-family-the-b.md) _Context: Florida_
4. [President Donald Trump's pick for the U.S. Supreme Court, Neil Gorsuch, is sworn in at the White House. ](/news/2017/04/10/president-donald-trump-s-pick-for-the-u-s-supreme-court-neil-gorsuch-is-sworn-in-at-the-white-house.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
5. [A Sabal Trail Transmission Pipeline protester who was seen firing a high powered rifle at the pipeline construction site in Florida was chased by police until his car crashed. The suspect was shot and killed by a deputy after he tried to engage police in a gunfight ](/news/2017/02/26/a-sabal-trail-transmission-pipeline-protester-who-was-seen-firing-a-high-powered-rifle-at-the-pipeline-construction-site-in-florida-was-chas.md) _Context: Florida_
6. [SpaceX delays the launch of a Falcon 9 rocket from Kennedy Space Center in Florida due to a technical issue. The Falcon 9 will resupply the International Space Station. ](/news/2017/02/18/spacex-delays-the-launch-of-a-falcon-9-rocket-from-kennedy-space-center-in-florida-due-to-a-technical-issue-the-falcon-9-will-resupply-the.md) _Context: Florida_
7. [An arriving passenger from Alaska removes his checked-baggage pistol and kills five people and injures six at the Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport in Florida. ](/news/2017/01/6/an-arriving-passenger-from-alaska-removes-his-checked-baggage-pistol-and-kills-five-people-and-injures-six-at-the-fort-lauderdaleahollywoo.md) _Context: Florida_
8. [ The U.S. Supreme Court upholds an appeals court decision in an insider trading case, Salman v. U.S., holding that there is no requirement that a tipper receive any pecuniary consideration for a breach of faith in order to predicate the prosecution of the tippee. ](/news/2016/12/6/the-u-s-supreme-court-upholds-an-appeals-court-decision-in-an-insider-trading-case-salman-v-u-s-holding-that-there-is-no-requirement-t.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
9. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump 	President-elect Donald Trump names Tom Price as United States Secretary of Health and Human Services; former President George W. Bush Administration official and wife of Mitch McConnell Elaine Chao as United States Secretary of Transportation;  ](/news/2016/11/29/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-ppresident-elect-donald-trump-names-tom-price-as-united-states-secretary-of-health-and-human-servic.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
10. [Texas confirms its first case of locally transmitted Zika virus by mosquitoes, becoming the second U.S. state to report a local transmission of the virus after Florida. The Texas Department of State Health Services says the case involves a woman living in Cameron County, who is not pregnant. ](/news/2016/11/28/texas-confirms-its-first-case-of-locally-transmitted-zika-virus-by-mosquitoes-becoming-the-second-u-s-state-to-report-a-local-transmission.md) _Context: Florida_
