### [2011-04-13](/news/2011/04/13/index.md)

# Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The government in the West Bank is largely ready to govern a Palestinian state, a United Nations report claims. 

The Palestinian government in the West Bank is now largely ready to govern a state, a United Nations report says.


### Source:

1. [Al&nbsp;Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2011/04/2011412152947529736.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-13051355)
3. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/un_report_palestinian_authority_ready_for_statehood/2011/04/12/AFoKaUSD_story.html?wprss=rss_homepage)

### Related:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli agents, disguised as Arabs escorting a woman in labor, raids a hospital in Hebron, West Bank, seizing a Palestinian suspected of stabbing and shooting dead his cousin. ](/news/2015/11/12/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-agents-disguised-as-arabs-escorting-a-woman-in-labor-raids-a-hospital-in-hebron-west-bank-seizing.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Palestinian political violence: Palestinian rioters set fire to the building containing Joseph's Tomb in the West Bank city of Nablus causing heavy damage to the structure before the fire is put out. Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas condemns the attack. ](/news/2015/10/16/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-political-violence-palestinian-rioters-set-fire-to-the-building-containing-joseph-s-tomb-in-the-w.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Palestinian political violence: Palestinians carried out three stabbing attacks against Israeli citizens and police in Jerusalem today with two of the attackers shot dead as the wave of violence continues, police said. There have been a series of stabbing attacks in Israel and the West Bank in recent days that have wounded several Israelis; nine attackers have been shot dead. Also, at least 16 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli forces during/after violent demonstrations in the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2015/10/12/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-political-violence-palestinians-carried-out-three-stabbing-attacks-against-israeli-citizens-and-p.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:: Israel cancels proposed plans to build new settlements in the West Bank after US and Palestinian opposition. ](/news/2013/11/13/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-cancels-proposed-plans-to-build-new-settlements-in-the-west-bank-after-us-and-palestinian-opposition.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu mulls withdrawing IDF forces from parts of the West Bank and handing over full security control to the Palestinian Authority to demonstrate an Israeli diplomatic initiative that would block a possible "diplomatic tsunami" that could follow international recognition of a Palestinian state. ](/news/2011/04/12/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-mulls-withdrawing-idf-forces-from-parts-of-the-west-bank-and-handing.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
6. [Riyad Mansour, the Palestinian United Nations observer, announces that the United Nations Security Council is to vote tomorrow on a resolution critical of Israeli settlement building in the West Bank and East Jerusalem. ](/news/2011/02/17/riyad-mansour-the-palestinian-united-nations-observer-announces-that-the-united-nations-security-council-is-to-vote-tomorrow-on-a-resoluti.md) _Context: United Nations, West Bank_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli troops have detained another Hamas member of Palestinian Parliament during an overnight raid in the West Bank. ](/news/2006/08/7/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-troops-have-detained-another-hamas-member-of-palestinian-parliament-during-an-overnight-raid-in-the-w.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains):: The mutilated body of Dr. Danny Yaakovi, an Israeli physician, is found in the West Bank.](/news/2006/07/28/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-the-mutilated-body-of-dr-danny-yaakovi-an-israeli-physician-is-found-in-the-west.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains):: At least nine Palestinians have been killed in fresh Israeli operations in Gaza and the West Bank.](/news/2006/07/19/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-at-least-nine-palestinians-have-been-killed-in-fresh-israeli-operations-in-gaza-and.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A Palestinian stone thrower is shot in the head and killed by Israeli troops raiding the West Bank city of Nablus. At least ten other Palestinians were injured by the IDF troops while two Israeli soldiers were injured by a bomb during the raid. ](/news/2005/12/13/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-palestinian-stone-thrower-is-shot-in-the-head-and-killed-by-israeli-troops-raiding-the-west-bank-city-of-na.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
