### [2002-12-21](/news/2002/12/21/index.md)

# In the Cte d'Ivoire, units of the French Foreign Legion, based at the city of Duekoue on Sassandra River have come into contact with rebels advancing southward from the city of Man.  Colonel Emmanuel Maurin, commander of the French force, states "Between what we have here and the river, they shall not pass."




### Related:

1. [Rebels in the Cte d'Ivoire seize the key western city of Man from government forces.](/news/2002/12/19/rebels-in-the-cote-d-ivoire-seize-the-key-western-city-of-man-from-government-forces.md) _Context: Côte d'Ivoire, Man_
2. [At least five French Foreign Legion soldiers are killed and six injured in an avalanche while on a training exercise in the Alps, close to the Italian border. The soldiers were members of the 2nd Foreign Engineer Regiment. ](/news/2016/01/18/at-least-five-french-foreign-legion-soldiers-are-killed-and-six-injured-in-an-avalanche-while-on-a-training-exercise-in-the-alps-close-to-t.md) _Context: French Foreign Legion_
3. [Former Cte d'Ivoire President Laurent Gbagbo appears before the International Criminal Court to face charges of crimes against humanity. ](/news/2011/12/5/former-cote-d-ivoire-president-laurent-gbagbo-appears-before-the-international-criminal-court-to-face-charges-of-crimes-against-humanity.md) _Context: Côte d'Ivoire_
4. [Parliamentary elections take place in Cte d'Ivoire. ](/news/2011/12/11/parliamentary-elections-take-place-in-cote-d-ivoire.md) _Context: Côte d'Ivoire_
5. [It is announced that Laurent Gbagbo, the former President of Cte d'Ivoire, has been transferred to the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands, to face trial for crimes against humanity. ](/news/2011/11/30/it-is-announced-that-laurent-gbagbo-the-former-president-of-cote-d-ivoire-has-been-transferred-to-the-international-criminal-court-in-the.md) _Context: Côte d'Ivoire_
6. [United Nations and French forces open fire on the residence of the President of Cte d'Ivoire Laurent Gbagbo in response to recent attacks. ](/news/2011/04/10/united-nations-and-french-forces-open-fire-on-the-residence-of-the-president-of-cote-d-ivoire-laurent-gbagbo-in-response-to-recent-attacks.md) _Context: Côte d'Ivoire_
7. [Mass graves are discovered in Cte d'Ivoire amid other political violence as United Nations peacekeepers come under increased tension in the country when allies of Alassane Ouattara call for a forceful removal of Laurent Gbagbo. ](/news/2011/01/1/mass-graves-are-discovered-in-cote-d-ivoire-amid-other-political-violence-as-united-nations-peacekeepers-come-under-increased-tension-in-the.md) _Context: Côte d'Ivoire_
8. [Ivorian political crisis:A swearing-in ceremony for Laurent Gbagbo takes place in Cte d'Ivoire, although world leaders and the election commission back Alassane Ouattara as winner of the presidential election. ](/news/2010/12/4/ivorian-political-crisis-pa-swearing-in-ceremony-for-laurent-gbagbo-takes-place-in-cote-d-ivoire-although-world-leaders-and-the-election-co.md) _Context: Côte d'Ivoire_
9. [Incumbent president Laurent Gbagbo is ruled as the election winner in the Cte d'Ivoire after the constitutional court overturns provisional results which favoured opposition candidate, former prime minister Alassane Ouattara. ](/news/2010/12/3/incumbent-president-laurent-gbagbo-is-ruled-as-the-election-winner-in-the-cote-d-ivoire-after-the-constitutional-court-overturns-provisional.md) _Context: Côte d'Ivoire_
10. [Alassane Ouattara, the internationally-recognised winner of the presidential election in Cte d'Ivoire, calls for a general strike  to force Laurent Gbagbo, who is refusing to cede power, to step down. ](/news/2010/12/27/alassane-ouattara-the-internationally-recognised-winner-of-the-presidential-election-in-cote-d-ivoire-calls-for-a-general-strike-to-force.md) _Context: Côte d'Ivoire_
