### [2002-12-13](/news/2002/12/13/index.md)

# The European Union invited Poland, Hungary, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Slovenia, Latvia, Estonia, Lithuania, Cyprus and Malta to join. Expansion is scheduled for May 2004.




### Related:

1. [ The Schengen Agreement is expanded to include the seaports and land borders of the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia, and Slovenia. ](/news/2007/12/21/the-schengen-agreement-is-expanded-to-include-the-seaports-and-land-borders-of-the-czech-republic-estonia-hungary-latvia-lithuania-mal.md) _Context: Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Polish, Slovakia's, Slovenia_
2. [ The European Commission of the European Union has announced that ten countries - Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia, and Slovenia - have met its criteria for entry, opening the way for an expansion of the EU from 15 member states to 25. The European Parliament has still to consider each candidate individually and the final decision will require the approval of the current member states.](/news/2002/10/9/the-european-commission-of-the-european-union-has-announced-that-ten-countries-cyprus-the-czech-republic-estonia-hungary-latvia-li.md) _Context: Cyprus, Czech Republic, Estonia, European Union, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Slovakia's, Slovenia_
3. [ The European Union's parliamentary election continues in Cyprus, Italy, Latvia, Malta, Slovakia, the Czech Republic, and France's overseas departments and territories. ](/news/2009/06/6/the-european-union-s-parliamentary-election-continues-in-cyprus-italy-latvia-malta-slovakia-the-czech-republic-and-france-s-overseas.md) _Context: Cyprus, Czech Republic, European Union, Latvia, Malta, Slovakia's_
4. [European migrant crisis: Foreign ministers from Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia meet with officials from the European Union and Germany to discuss differences over migrant quotas. ](/news/2015/09/11/european-migrant-crisis-foreign-ministers-from-czech-republic-hungary-poland-and-slovakia-meet-with-officials-from-the-european-union-and.md) _Context: Czech Republic, European Union, Hungary, Polish, Slovakia's_
5. [The Secretary General of NATO Jens Stoltenberg says that the military alliance plans on sending four multinational battalions to Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Poland in order to boost their defense. However, Stoltenberg said that the battalions will only be deployed on a rotational basis instead of being based permanently. ](/news/2016/06/13/the-secretary-general-of-nato-jens-stoltenberg-says-that-the-military-alliance-plans-on-sending-four-multinational-battalions-to-estonia-la.md) _Context: Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Polish_
6. [Moody's Investors Service downgrades the credit ratings of several European Union members including Italy, Malta, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia and Spain and issues a negative outlook for the ratings of Austria, France and the United Kingdom. ](/news/2012/02/13/moody-s-investors-service-downgrades-the-credit-ratings-of-several-european-union-members-including-italy-malta-portugal-slovakia-sloven.md) _Context: European Union, Malta, Slovakia's, Slovenia_
7. [European sovereign debt crisis:: The Standard & Poor's credit rating agency lowers its long-term credit ratings on the eurozone countries of Cyprus, Italy, Portugal, and Spain by two notches each and Austria, France, Malta, Slovakia, and Slovenia by one notch each. ](/news/2012/01/13/european-sovereign-debt-crisis-the-standard-poor-s-credit-rating-agency-lowers-its-long-term-credit-ratings-on-the-eurozone-countries-of.md) _Context: Cyprus, Malta, Slovakia's, Slovenia_
8. [Floods in Poland kill 5. The downpours also cause flooding in areas of Hungary, Slovakia and the Czech Republic. ](/news/2010/05/20/floods-in-poland-kill-5-the-downpours-also-cause-flooding-in-areas-of-hungary-slovakia-and-the-czech-republic.md) _Context: Czech Republic, Hungary, Polish, Slovakia's_
9. [Law of Poland: Poles march against a bill that critics say might decrease judicial independence in Poland. Hungary has supported the bill while the European Union has opposed it. The protesters hope that the President Andrzej Duda would intervene against the proposed law. ](/news/2017/07/22/law-of-poland-poles-march-against-a-bill-that-critics-say-might-decrease-judicial-independence-in-poland-hungary-has-supported-the-bill-wh.md) _Context: European Union, Hungary, Polish_
10. [United States-European Union relations: The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/united-states-european-union-relations-the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-go.md) _Context: Cyprus, European Union, Polish_
