### [2012-03-31](/news/2012/03/31/index.md)

# Former broadcast journalist Mike Nesbitt is elected leader of Northern Ireland's Ulster Unionist Party. 

Former broadcaster Mike Nesbitt is elected the new leader of the Ulster Unionist Party.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-northern-ireland-17572015)
1. [Cover Image](https://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/59415000/jpg/_59415679_nesbitttv.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Mike Nesbitt announces he is standing down as leader of the Ulster Unionist Party (UUP) following the party's poor performance in yesterday's Northern Ireland Assembly election. ](/news/2017/03/3/mike-nesbitt-announces-he-is-standing-down-as-leader-of-the-ulster-unionist-party-uup-following-the-party-s-poor-performance-in-yesterday.md) _Context: Mike Nesbitt, Ulster Unionist Party_
2. [Ulster Unionist Party leader Mike Nesbitt calls for an end to street protests over Belfast City Council's decision to restrict the flying of the union flag after loyalists threw a petrol bomb into a police vehicle in which a female officer was sitting at the time. ](/news/2012/12/11/ulster-unionist-party-leader-mike-nesbitt-calls-for-an-end-to-street-protests-over-belfast-city-council-s-decision-to-restrict-the-flying-of.md) _Context: Mike Nesbitt, Ulster Unionist Party_
3. [ Northern Ireland's Ulster Unionist Party leader David Trimble, the 1998 Nobel Peace Prize winner who helped reach the Good Friday Agreement, resigns from the leadership post he has held for ten years, after losing his seat in the British general election the previous day. ](/news/2005/05/7/northern-ireland-s-ulster-unionist-party-leader-david-trimble-the-1998-nobel-peace-prize-winner-who-helped-reach-the-good-friday-agreement.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Ulster Unionist Party_
4. [ The anti-Good Friday Agreement Democratic Unionist Party with 30 seats becomes the biggest party in Northern Ireland in the Northern Ireland Assembly Election, 2003, replacing the Ulster Unionist Party (27 seats), while Sinn Fin at 24 seats replaces the SDLP (18 seats) as the major Irish nationalist party.](/news/2003/11/28/the-anti-good-friday-agreement-democratic-unionist-party-with-30-seats-becomes-the-biggest-party-in-northern-ireland-in-the-northern-irelan.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Ulster Unionist Party_
5. [ A "Belfast Telegraph" opinion poll in Northern Ireland in the run up to the Northern Ireland Assembly elections predicts that the Ulster Unionist Party will remain the largest unionist party, defeating the Democratic Unionist Party, while the nationalist Social Democratic and Labour Party, contrary to many expectations, will outpoll Sinn Fin. At the start of the campaign, many commentators had predicted that both the DUP and Sinn Fin would topple their rivals.](/news/2003/11/13/a-belfast-telegraph-opinion-poll-in-northern-ireland-in-the-run-up-to-the-northern-ireland-assembly-elections-predicts-that-the-ulster-un.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Ulster Unionist Party_
6. [After six days of debate, the House of Commons of the United Kingdom votes to approve, with 323 votes for and 309 against, the policies set out in the Queen's Speech. In order to avoid a 'regret' amendment, Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond says that England's National Health Service is to provide free abortions to women from Northern Ireland with funds from the Government Equalities Office. ](/news/2017/06/29/after-six-days-of-debate-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-votes-to-approve-with-323-votes-for-and-309-against-the-policies-set.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
7. [European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expatriates.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
8. [Police investigate the discovery of human excrement in cans of Coca-Cola in a Northern Ireland bottling facility. None of the contaminated product left the facility. ](/news/2017/03/28/police-investigate-the-discovery-of-human-excrement-in-cans-of-coca-cola-in-a-northern-ireland-bottling-facility-none-of-the-contaminated-p.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
9. [The Met Office issues warnings for parts of Scotland, Northern England and Northern Ireland as Storm Barbara prepares to make landfall. ](/news/2016/12/20/the-met-office-issues-warnings-for-parts-of-scotland-northern-england-and-northern-ireland-as-storm-barbara-prepares-to-make-landfall.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
10. [Prime Minister David Cameron tells the House of Commons that legal experts advise that the UK-wide Brexit result binds the entire nation, even though Northern Ireland and Scotland voted to stay in the EU. Yesterday, both Scottish and Northern Irish representatives told the European Parliament's plenary session they will leave the UK if that is the required price to keep their homelands fully connected to Europe. ](/news/2016/06/29/prime-minister-david-cameron-tells-the-house-of-commons-that-legal-experts-advise-that-the-uk-wide-brexit-result-binds-the-entire-nation-ev.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
