### [2012-04-22](/news/2012/04/22/index.md)

# In response to an outbreak of an unidentified fatal disease in Quang Ngai province, Vietnam, the Vietnamese government asks for help from the World Health Organization. 

Vietnam has asked the World Health Organization to help investigate a mystery disease that has killed 19 people and sickened 171 others.


### Source:

1. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/news/world/story/2012-04-20/vietnam-mystery-disease/54424718/1)

### Related:

1. [ Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome: Dr. Carlo Urbani, a WHO expert on communicable diseases and the physician who first identified the outbreak, dies of the disease in Thailand. He had been infected in Vietnam.](/news/2003/03/29/severe-acute-respiratory-syndrome-dr-carlo-urbani-a-who-expert-on-communicable-diseases-and-the-physician-who-first-identified-the-outbr.md) _Context: Vietnam, World Health Organization_
2. [ SARS: The World Health Organization recommended that passengers flying from places where SARS outbreaks have occurred should be screened before being allowed on flights. These places included China, Hong Kong, Singapore, Vietnam, and the city of Toronto.](/news/2003/03/27/sars-the-world-health-organization-recommended-that-passengers-flying-from-places-where-sars-outbreaks-have-occurred-should-be-screened-be.md) _Context: Vietnam, World Health Organization_
3. [According to the World Health Organization, antibiotic resistance is on the rise in strains of gonorrhoea. It says that there is a need to prevent the spread of these bacteria, recommending usage of condoms and an increase in research and development funding. ](/news/2017/07/7/according-to-the-world-health-organization-antibiotic-resistance-is-on-the-rise-in-strains-of-gonorrhoea-it-says-that-there-is-a-need-to-p.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
4. [Vietnam pledges on ending the trafficking and farming of bears. ](/news/2017/07/19/vietnam-pledges-on-ending-the-trafficking-and-farming-of-bears.md) _Context: Vietnam_
5. [At least 11 people are dead after a bus and truck collide in Vietnam's Gia Lai province. ](/news/2017/05/7/at-least-11-people-are-dead-after-a-bus-and-truck-collide-in-vietnam-s-gia-lai-province.md) _Context: Vietnam_
6. [The World Health Organization (WHO) elects former Ethopian Foreign Minister and Health Minister Dr. Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus as the international organization's new Director-General succeeding Dr. Margaret Chan, who has been in office since 2006. Tedros is the first African Director-General and the first non-medical doctor; he has a PhD in Community Health from the University of Nottingham. ](/news/2017/05/23/the-world-health-organization-who-elects-former-ethopian-foreign-minister-and-health-minister-dr-tedros-adhanom-ghebreyesus-as-the-intern.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
7. [An Indonesian maritime patrol boat, the "KM Hiu Macan 001", intercepts five boats and arrested 55 Vietnamese crew members for allegedly poaching off Natuna Islands, but after an unexpected aggressive intervention by Vietnamese coast guards forces the Indonesian authorities to back off, release the arrested men and return to base empty handed. ](/news/2017/05/21/an-indonesian-maritime-patrol-boat-the-km-hiu-macan-001-intercepts-five-boats-and-arrested-55-vietnamese-crew-members-for-allegedly-poac.md) _Context: Vietnam_
8. [The federal government of Brazil informs the World Health Organization that it is ending its state of emergency concerning the Zika virus, following a 95.3% reduction in cases in early 2017 compared to early 2016. ](/news/2017/05/11/the-federal-government-of-brazil-informs-the-world-health-organization-that-it-is-ending-its-state-of-emergency-concerning-the-zika-virus-f.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
9. [Two women, Indonesian Siti Aisyah and Vietnamese Doan Thi Huong, are charged with murder in relation to the death of Kim Jong-nam, the estranged half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, at Kuala Lumpur International Airport. The women, who reportedly thought they were involved in a prank TV show, did not enter pleas. ](/news/2017/03/1/two-women-indonesian-siti-aisyah-and-vietnamese-aoa-n-tha-haedegae-ng-are-charged-with-murder-in-relation-to-the-death-of-kim-jong-nam-the.md) _Context: Vietnam_
10. [Gunmen attack a Vietnamese vessel near Tawi-Tawi, Philippines, killing at least one sailor and abducting seven others, according to the Philippine Coast Guard. Abu Sayyaf militants are suspected of being behind the attack. ](/news/2017/02/20/gunmen-attack-a-vietnamese-vessel-near-tawi-tawi-philippines-killing-at-least-one-sailor-and-abducting-seven-others-according-to-the-phil.md) _Context: Vietnam_
