### [2012-04-22](/news/2012/04/22/index.md)

# The United States investigates dozens of its troops in Afghanistan in relation to use and distribution of heroin, morphine or other opiates during 2010 and 2011 as the U.S. military struggles to watch its far-flung troops and monitor for substance abuse. 

The US Army has investigated 56 soldiers in Afghanistan on suspicion of using or distributing heroin, morphine or other opiates during 2010 and 2011, newly-obtained data shows. Eight soldiers died of drug overdoses during that time.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''The Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/world/us-probes-troops-drug-use-in-afghanistan-20120422-1xen7.html)

### Related:

1. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). Two U.S. service members are killed and a third is injured during a raid against ISIL militants in Afghanistan's Nangarhar Province. ](/news/2017/04/27/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-two-u-s-service-members-are-killed-and-a-third-is-injured-during-a-raid-against-isil-militants-in-afgh.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, United States_
2. [Afghanistan's first female Air Force pilot Niloofar Rahmani files for asylum in the United States. ](/news/2016/12/25/afghanistan-s-first-female-air-force-pilot-niloofar-rahmani-files-for-asylum-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, United States_
3. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). A U.S. service member becomes the first U.S. military combat casualty in Afghanistan since January 2016 when he is killed by an improvised explosive device (IED) while on patrol near the city of Lashkar Gah in Afghanistan's southern Helmand Province. Another American service member and six Afghan soldiers were also injured in the blast. ](/news/2016/08/23/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-u-s-service-member-becomes-the-first-u-s-military-combat-casualty-in-afghanistan-since-january-2016.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, United States_
4. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). The United States sends more troops to Afghanistan's southern Helmand province to shore up security forces who are facing sustained attacks from the Taliban. ](/news/2016/02/9/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-the-united-states-sends-more-troops-to-afghanistan-s-southern-helmand-province-to-shore-up-security-for.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, United States_
5. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). 2015 Bagram suicide bombing. A suicide-bomb attack on a joint Afghan-U.S. patrol near Bagram Air Base in Afghanistan's Parwan Province, kills at least six U.S. soldiers and wounds another six. The Taliban's spokesman, Zabiullah Mujahid, claims responsibility for the attack in a message on Twitter. ](/news/2015/12/21/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-2015-bagram-suicide-bombing-a-suicide-bomb-attack-on-a-joint-afghan-u-s-patrol-near-bagram-air-base-i.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, United States_
6. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors without Borders) calls for activating the International Humanitarian Fact-Finding Commission - for the first time since its 1991 creation under the Geneva Conventions - to investigate the deadly U.S. bombing of MSF's hospital in Kunduz, Afghanistan. MSF says it does not trust internal military inquiries into the bombing that killed at least 22 people, which it considers a war crime. ](/news/2015/10/7/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doctors-without-borders-calls-for-activating-the-international-humanitaria.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, United States_
7. [A cache of classified intelligence documents published from The Intercept, released by an anonymous whistleblower, highlight details surrounding post-September 11 attacks United States drone strikes in Afghanistan, Somalia, and Yemen, alleging that the United States conducts these strikes under extremely unreliable information and faulty pretenses. ](/news/2015/10/15/a-cache-of-classified-intelligence-documents-published-from-the-intercept-released-by-an-anonymous-whistleblower-highlight-details-surroun.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, United States_
8. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). A suicide car bomb kills 25 people and wounds 10 in southeastern Afghanistan close to a U.S. base. ](/news/2015/07/12/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-suicide-car-bomb-kills-25-people-and-wounds-10-in-southeastern-afghanistan-close-to-a-u-s-base.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, United States_
9. [United States President Barack Obama praises U.S. troops and reflects on the U.S. withdrawal from Afghanistan during his annual Christmas message from Hawaii. ](/news/2014/12/25/united-states-president-barack-obama-praises-u-s-troops-and-reflects-on-the-u-s-withdrawal-from-afghanistan-during-his-annual-christmas-me.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, United States_
10. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):. Afghanistan releases 65 prisoners from the Parwan Detention Facility despite concerns by the United States that the men were responsible for attacks on NATO and Afghan forces. ](/news/2014/02/13/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-afghanistan-releases-65-prisoners-from-the-parwan-detention-facility-despite-concerns-by-the-united-st.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, United States_
