### [2007-04-18](/news/2007/04/18/index.md)

#  After the acquisition of Algoma Steel, India's Essar Group plans to buy U.S.-based Minnesota Steel for US$ 1.66 billion. 




### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601087&sid=ap6CZvSHd.Ug&refer=home)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/mergersNews/idUSN1826651120070418)

### Related:

1. [ India's Essar Group buys Canadian steelmaker Algoma for US$ 1.63 billion. ](/news/2007/04/15/india-s-essar-group-buys-canadian-steelmaker-algoma-for-us-1-63-billion.md) _Context: Algoma Steel, Essar Group, India, USD_
2. [U.S. space agency NASA admits it posted online a photograph taken from the International Space Station of an Indian mountain Saser Muztagh, claiming it as Mount Everest. With Nepalese netizens left puzzled by this, it took a Nepalese expert to point out the agency's inaccuracy. ](/news/2012/12/13/u-s-space-agency-nasa-admits-it-posted-online-a-photograph-taken-from-the-international-space-station-of-an-indian-mountain-saser-muztagh.md) _Context: India, U.S._
3. [ Ford Motor Company announces it will sell its British luxury-car brands Jaguar and Land Rover to India's Tata Motors for $2.3 billion. ](/news/2008/03/26/ford-motor-company-announces-it-will-sell-its-british-luxury-car-brands-jaguar-and-land-rover-to-india-s-tata-motors-for-2-3-billion.md) _Context: India, USD_
4. [ A fire in Gwalior, India, ruins over 400 small stores. Losses are estimated at 10 million rupees (USD 250,000).date=December 2007 ](/news/2007/11/7/a-fire-in-gwalior-india-ruins-over-400-small-stores-losses-are-estimated-at-10-million-rupees-usd-250-000-date-december-2007.md) _Context: India, USD_
5. [Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc. agrees to pay USD$9 billion to buy the parent of Texas power transmission company Oncor Electric Delivery stepping up its pursuit of steady profits from utilities and infrastructure deals. ](/news/2017/07/7/warren-buffett-s-berkshire-hathaway-inc-agrees-to-pay-usd-9-billion-to-buy-the-parent-of-texas-power-transmission-company-oncor-electric-de.md) _Context: USD_
6. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/no-dispute-with-bhutan-in-doklam-china/articleshow/59456533.cms (The Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: India_
7. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
8. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
9. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: India_
10. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan, China releases a map detailing pieces of land claimed by Bhutan and India as belonging to China. China claims, via the map, that territory up until Gipmochi belongs to China and claims it's supported by the 1890 Convention of Calcutta. ](/news/2017/07/1/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-china-releases-a-map-detailing-pieces-of-land-claimed-by-bhutan-and-india-as-belon.md) _Context: India_
