### [2007-04-18](/news/2007/04/18/index.md)

#  Iccho Itoh, Mayor of Nagasaki, Japan, dies after being shot in a suspected gangland killing on Tuesday. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe denounces the murder as unforgivable. 

The mayor of the Japanese city of Nagasaki died early on Wednesday after being gunned down by a suspected gangster, stunning a nation where shootings are extremely rare.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/6565885.stm)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/worldNews/idUST33398520070418)

### Related:

1. [Economy of Japan: The Japanese economy goes into recession for the second time since the election of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. ](/news/2015/11/16/economy-of-japan-the-japanese-economy-goes-into-recession-for-the-second-time-since-the-election-of-prime-minister-shinzo-abe.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
2. [The cabinet of Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo Abe approves a record defence budget with a plan to buy surveillance aircraft and Lockheed Martin F-35 Lightning II fighter jets to improve security of uninhabited islands in the East China Sea claimed by both Japan and China. ](/news/2015/01/14/the-cabinet-of-prime-minister-of-japan-shinzo-abe-approves-a-record-defence-budget-with-a-plan-to-buy-surveillance-aircraft-and-lockheed-mar.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
3. [Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe visits the Yasukuni Shrine. The location is controversial because it enshrines many war criminals from World War II. The visit provokes condemnation from China and South Korea and criticism from the United States. ](/news/2013/12/26/japanese-prime-minister-shinzo-abe-visits-the-yasukuni-shrine-the-location-is-controversial-because-it-enshrines-many-war-criminals-from-wo.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
4. [Shinzo Abe, the Prime Minister of Japan, meets with the President of the United States Barack Obama at the White House to discuss trade, economic, and security issues including North Korea and the Senkaku Islands dispute with China. ](/news/2013/02/22/shinzo-abe-the-prime-minister-of-japan-meets-with-the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-at-the-white-house-to-discuss-trade-eco.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
5. [ Japan expresses remorse for its actions in World War II on the anniversary of its 1945 defeat, but former Prime Ministers Junichiro Koizumi and Shinzo Abe visit the Yasukuni Shrine, a controversial war shrine seen as a symbol of its past militarism. ](/news/2009/08/15/japan-expresses-remorse-for-its-actions-in-world-war-ii-on-the-anniversary-of-its-1945-defeat-but-former-prime-ministers-junichiro-koizumi.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
6. [ Japanese political activist Yoshihiro Tanjo is charged with intimidation for cutting off his little finger and sending it to the Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo Abe over Shinzo's refusal to visit the Yasukuni shrine to commemorate Japan's World War II dead. ](/news/2007/08/23/japanese-political-activist-yoshihiro-tanjo-is-charged-with-intimidation-for-cutting-off-his-little-finger-and-sending-it-to-the-prime-mini.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
7. [ On the 62nd anniversary of Japan's surrender in World War II, Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and his ministers do not visit the Yasukuni Shrine. ](/news/2007/08/15/on-the-62nd-anniversary-of-japan-s-surrender-in-world-war-ii-prime-minister-shinzo-abe-and-his-ministers-do-not-visit-the-yasukuni-shrine.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
8. [ Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo Abe apologizes for Japan's use of women as sex slaves in frontline brothels during World War II. ](/news/2007/03/26/prime-minister-of-japan-shinzo-abe-apologizes-for-japan-s-use-of-women-as-sex-slaves-in-frontline-brothels-during-world-war-ii.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
9. [ Shinzo Abe is elected as party leader of the Liberal Democratic Party in Japan, replacing the current Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi. He will likely be elected as the new prime minister on 30 September 2006. ](/news/2006/09/20/shinzo-abe-is-elected-as-party-leader-of-the-liberal-democratic-party-in-japan-replacing-the-current-prime-minister-junichiro-koizumi-he.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
10. [ Japanese Cabinet Secretary Shinzo Abe announces that if elected president of the Liberal Democratic Party, and thus Prime Minister, he will propose an amendment to the pacifist Constitution of Japan allowing Japanese troops to be sent overseas. Abe currently leads in polls over candidates Taro Aso and Sadakazu Tanigaki by about 30%. ([http://mdn.mainichi-msn.co.jp/national/news/20060822p2a00m0na016000c.html Mainichi Daily News])](/news/2006/08/22/japanese-cabinet-secretary-shinzo-abe-announces-that-if-elected-president-of-the-liberal-democratic-party-and-thus-prime-minister-he-will.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
