### [2007-08-5](/news/2007/08/5/index.md)

#  Mortar bombs strike a petrol station in eastern Baghdad killing at least nine people and injuring 11. 

Mortar bombs have struck a petrol station in eastern Baghdad, killing at least nine people and wounding 11, Iraqi police say.


### Source:

1. [Reuters via ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2007/08/05/1997071.htm)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.abc.net.au/news/linkableblob/6072216/data/abc-news-data.jpg)

### Related:

1. [A mortar attack on joint Iraqi army-police office kills 2 Iraqi soldiers and injures 14 in Baghdad. ](/news/2010/04/27/a-mortar-attack-on-joint-iraqi-army-police-office-kills-2-iraqi-soldiers-and-injures-14-in-baghdad.md) _Context: Baghdad, Mortar_
2. [ The United States Armed Forces says that three American soldiers have been killed in rocket or mortar attack in eastern Baghdad. ](/news/2008/04/28/the-united-states-armed-forces-says-that-three-american-soldiers-have-been-killed-in-rocket-or-mortar-attack-in-eastern-baghdad.md) _Context: Baghdad, Mortar_
3. [ Close to 1,200 people were crushed to death or died in a stampede on the Al-Aaimmah bridge over the river Tigris in Baghdad on Wednesday when thousands of Shia Muslims began marching to a shrine to the Imam Musa al-Kazim. The stampede appears to have been caused by rumours of a series of suicide attacks. Earlier seven people in attendance died when insurgents fired mortars into the crowd. [http:--english.aljazeera.net-NR-exeres-E2ED7EA5-15F6-4A89-A532-C927FD299679.htm (Al Jazeera)] [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-middle_east-4199618.stm (BBC)] (Wikinews)](/news/2005/08/31/close-to-1-200-people-were-crushed-to-death-or-died-in-a-stampede-on-the-al-aaimmah-bridge-over-the-river-tigris-in-baghdad-on-wednesday-wh.md) _Context: Baghdad, Mortar_
4. [ A car bomb explodes outside a Shi'a mosque in a Baghdad Sunni district, killing 14 worshippers and wounding 19. Mortars land on a police station in Baghdad, followed by an assault which kills 12 people and results in the freeing of 50 prisoners. A website allegedly tied to Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, claims responsibility for the police station attack. [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-middle_east-4064609.stm (BBC)] [http:--www.reuters.com-newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6992586&section=news (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 04:01, 15 January 2007 (UTC)) The United States Agency for International Development states they aim to boost the availability of electricity throughout Iraq to 18 hours a day by the end of next year from 11 to 15 hours now, estimably higher than before the 2003 U.S. invasion. [http:--www.reuters.com-newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6992294 (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 04:01, 15 January 2007 (UTC)) The Ukrainian parliament, embroiled in the presidential election controversy, votes to ask outgoing president Leonid Kuchma to withdraw Ukraine's 1,600 troops in Iraq. [http:--www.reuters.com-newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6987012 (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 04:01, 15 January 2007 (UTC)) German security forces arrest three alleged members of Ansar al-Islam who are suspected of planning the assassination of Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi while he was on a state visit to Germany. [http:--www.cnn.com-2004-WORLD-europe-12-03-german.arrests-index.html (CNN)][http:--www.spiegel.de-politik-deutschland-0,1518,330808,00.html ("Der Spiegel"] {{de icon}}](/news/2004/12/3/a-car-bomb-explodes-outside-a-shi-a-mosque-in-a-baghdad-sunni-district-killing-14-worshippers-and-wounding-19-mortars-land-on-a-police-st.md) _Context: Baghdad, Mortar_
5. [ Conflict in Iraq: A roadside bomb kills a U.S. soldier and wounds five others in western Baghdad. Hospital officials say five civilians are killed from U.S. snipers in the western city of Ramadi. In Kirkuk, a roadside bomb kills an Iraqi civilian. An Estonian soldier is killed and five wounded in a bomb blast in Baghdad. A mortar lands on an Iraqi National Guard checkpoint north of Baghdad, killing an Iraqi civilian. In Mosul, a car bomb kills a tribal leader and two civilians. ](/news/2004/10/25/conflict-in-iraq-a-roadside-bomb-kills-a-u-s-soldier-and-wounds-five-others-in-western-baghdad-hospital-officials-say-five-civilians-are.md) _Context: Baghdad, Mortar_
