### [2007-08-5](/news/2007/08/5/index.md)

#  The death toll from the 2007 South Asian floods nears 1,100 in India while 120 people have died in Bangladesh and 84 in Nepal. Health officials have raised concerns about epidemics. 

The death toll from raging floods in India has neared 1,100 as more people drowned in swollen rivers that have stranded millions in their homes, officials say.


### Source:

1. [AFP via ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2007/08/05/1997078.htm)
2. [Reuters via ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2007/08/06/1997312.htm)
2. [Cover Image](http://www.abc.net.au/news/image/637650-1x1-700x700.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ 2007 South Asian floods: The Ganges River system will come under further strain from monsoon floods as 20 million are homeless in Nepal, India and Bangladesh. Almost 200 people have died. ](/news/2007/08/4/2007-south-asian-floods-the-ganges-river-system-will-come-under-further-strain-from-monsoon-floods-as-20-million-are-homeless-in-nepal-in.md) _Context: 2007 South Asian floods, Bangladesh, India, Nepal_
2. [ 2007 South Asian floods: Monsoon floods make millions homeless in India, Nepal and Bangladesh with a death toll of 145 in India and 65 in Bangladesh. ](/news/2007/08/3/2007-south-asian-floods-monsoon-floods-make-millions-homeless-in-india-nepal-and-bangladesh-with-a-death-toll-of-145-in-india-and-65-in-b.md) _Context: 2007 South Asian floods, Bangladesh, India, Nepal_
3. [At least 14 people are killed in the Indian city of Mumbai as nearly a month's average rainfall fell yesterday during the worst monsoon in years. More than 1,200 people have been killed across India, Nepal and Bangladesh. ](/news/2017/08/30/at-least-14-people-are-killed-in-the-indian-city-of-mumbai-as-nearly-a-month-s-average-rainfall-fell-yesterday-during-the-worst-monsoon-in-y.md) _Context: Bangladesh, India, Nepal_
4. [Flooding in South Asia has displaced tens of thousands of people and resulted in an estimated 500 deaths across India, Bangladesh, and Nepal. ](/news/2017/08/18/flooding-in-south-asia-has-displaced-tens-of-thousands-of-people-and-resulted-in-an-estimated-500-deaths-across-india-bangladesh-and-nepal.md) _Context: Bangladesh, India, Nepal_
5. [A strong 7.9 earthquake strikes between the Nepalese capital Kathmandu and the regional headquarter city of Pokhara. The Government of Nepal declares a state of emergency with 1500 dead. A number of UNESCO World Heritage Sites are destroyed, including the historic Dharahara tower. Deaths are also recorded in India, Bangladesh and the Chinese province of Tibet. ](/news/2015/04/25/a-strong-7-9-earthquake-strikes-between-the-nepalese-capital-kathmandu-and-the-regional-headquarter-city-of-pokhara-the-government-of-nepal.md) _Context: Bangladesh, India, Nepal_
6. [A magnitude 6.9 earthquake occurs in northwestern Sikkim, northern India, causing shaking in parts of India, Nepal, Bhutan, Bangladesh and Tibet Autonomous Region. At least thirty seven deaths are reported. ](/news/2011/09/18/a-magnitude-6-9-earthquake-occurs-in-northwestern-sikkim-northern-india-causing-shaking-in-parts-of-india-nepal-bhutan-bangladesh-and-t.md) _Context: Bangladesh, India, Nepal_
7. [ At least 28 people die in Uttar Pradesh, India as an overcrowded boat carrying flood evacuees and aid workers capsizes on the Rohni River. Monsoon floods have killed more than 150 people in India during July while at least 82 people have died in Nepal over the past two weeks and 38 in Bangladesh. ](/news/2007/08/1/at-least-28-people-die-in-uttar-pradesh-india-as-an-overcrowded-boat-carrying-flood-evacuees-and-aid-workers-capsizes-on-the-rohni-river.md) _Context: Bangladesh, India, Nepal_
8. [ Worsening floods affecting eastern India, Bangladesh and Nepal has led to millions of people leaving their homes. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/6922484.stm (BBC News)] 160 people confirmed dead in Bangladesh alone.](/news/2007/07/31/worsening-floods-affecting-eastern-india-bangladesh-and-nepal-has-led-to-millions-of-people-leaving-their-homes-http-news-bbc-co-uk-2.md) _Context: Bangladesh, India, Nepal_
9. [In a move likely to cause concern in India, China and Nepal commenced last Sunday the first ever combined military exercises, focusing on counter-terror operations. ](/news/2017/04/17/in-a-move-likely-to-cause-concern-in-india-china-and-nepal-commenced-last-sunday-the-first-ever-combined-military-exercises-focusing-on-co.md) _Context: India, Nepal_
10. [Members of the 19th South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) summit, scheduled to be held in Pakistan during November 2016, postpone the meeting following a Indian-led boycott, including Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Bhutan in response to Pakistan's alleged involvement in a deadly terrorist attack on a Indian Army base in Uri, Jammu and Kashmir, on September 18. ](/news/2016/09/28/members-of-the-19th-south-asian-association-for-regional-cooperation-saarc-summit-scheduled-to-be-held-in-pakistan-during-november-2016.md) _Context: Bangladesh, India_
