### [2007-08-5](/news/2007/08/5/index.md)

#  Twenty-six people including 14 convicted prisoners escape from the Campsfield House detention centre in Oxfordshire, England. 

Latest breaking news, including politics, crime and celebrity. Find stories, updates and expert opinion.


### Source:

1. [Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml?xml=/news/2007/08/06/nescape106.xml)

### Related:

1. [The Oxfordshire Fire and Rescue Service state that the three people missing since a decommissioned turbine hall partially collapsed at Didcot A power station in Oxfordshire, England, yesterday are unlikely to still be alive. If confirmed, this would raise the death toll to four. ](/news/2016/02/24/the-oxfordshire-fire-and-rescue-service-state-that-the-three-people-missing-since-a-decommissioned-turbine-hall-partially-collapsed-at-didco.md) _Context: England, Oxfordshire_
2. [At least one person has been killed and three people remain missing following the partial collapse of a decommissioned turbine hall at Didcot A Power Station in Oxfordshire, England. ](/news/2016/02/23/at-least-one-person-has-been-killed-and-three-people-remain-missing-following-the-partial-collapse-of-a-decommissioned-turbine-hall-at-didco.md) _Context: England, Oxfordshire_
3. [Englishman Barry Thew is sentenced to four months in jail after a t-shirt he wore is deemed to offend public morality. ](/news/2012/10/11/englishman-barry-thew-is-sentenced-to-four-months-in-jail-after-a-t-shirt-he-wore-is-deemed-to-offend-public-morality.md) _Context: England, prison_
4. [One Love Manchester: The charity concert organized by Ariana Grande in the wake of the 2017 Manchester Arena bombing is held in Manchester, England. ](/news/2017/06/4/one-love-manchester-the-charity-concert-organized-by-ariana-grande-in-the-wake-of-the-2017-manchester-arena-bombing-is-held-in-manchester.md) _Context: England_
5. [Politics of the United Kingdom: After six days of debate, the House of Commons of the United Kingdom votes to approve, with 323 votes for and 309 against, the policies set out in the Queen's Speech. In order to avoid a 'regret' amendment, Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond says that England's National Health Service is to provide free abortions to women from Northern Ireland with funds from the Government Equalities Office. ](/news/2017/06/29/politics-of-the-united-kingdom-after-six-days-of-debate-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-votes-to-approve-with-323-votes-for-an.md) _Context: England_
6. [2017 Newcastle incident: Six people are injured after a car ploughs into Eid al-Fitr worshippers in Newcastle upon Tyne, England. Police do not believe terrorism is involved. ](/news/2017/06/25/2017-newcastle-incident-six-people-are-injured-after-a-car-ploughs-into-eid-al-fitr-worshippers-in-newcastle-upon-tyne-england-police-do.md) _Context: England_
7. [WannaCry ransomware attack: A large scale international cyber-attack using the WannaCry ransomware package disrupts computer and telephone systems in thousands of cases across 99 countries. Affected organisations include: England's NHS, with doctors reporting messages demanding money; MegaFon and Sberbank in Russia; Telefonica, Iberdrola, and Gas Natural in Spain; and FedEx. ](/news/2017/05/12/wannacry-ransomware-attack-a-large-scale-international-cyber-attack-using-the-wannacry-ransomware-package-disrupts-computer-and-telephone-s.md) _Context: England_
8. [2016-17 UK and Ireland windstorm season: The Met Office issues travel warnings for parts of Wales, Scotland and England as Storm Doris, described as a -weather bomb-, brings gales, heavy rain and snow to the United Kingdom. At least one person is killed. ](/news/2017/02/23/2016-17-uk-and-ireland-windstorm-season-the-met-office-issues-travel-warnings-for-parts-of-wales-scotland-and-england-as-storm-doris-de.md) _Context: England_
9. [Alan Turing law: The United Kingdom posthumously pardons around 49,000 gay and bisexual men found guilty of decades-old sodomy laws in England and Wales. Those still living can apply for a statutory pardon. ](/news/2017/01/31/alan-turing-law-the-united-kingdom-posthumously-pardons-around-49-000-gay-and-bisexual-men-found-guilty-of-decades-old-sodomy-laws-in-engla.md) _Context: England_
10. [As many as 200 prisoners take over parts of HM Prison Bedford in Bedford, England, amid reports of a riot and explosions inside the Category B men's prison. ](/news/2016/11/6/as-many-as-200-prisoners-take-over-parts-of-hm-prison-bedford-in-bedford-england-amid-reports-of-a-riot-and-explosions-inside-the-category.md) _Context: England_
