### [2014-07-6](/news/2014/07/6/index.md)

# 6 Israeli nationals are arrested in relation to the murder of Muhammad Abu Khdeir as Palestinians continue to riot and clash with police in East Jerusalem and Nazareth. 

Hundreds of Palestinians try to block traffic, cause closing of Route 70 and clash with police in Tamra as security forces work to contain the violence.


### Source:

1. [Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Defense/IAF-strikes-Gaza-in-response-to-continuous-rocket-fire-361586)
2. [Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/National-News/Riots-rage-after-Jewish-suspects-arrested-in-investigation-of-murdered-Palestinian-boy-361680)

### Related:

1. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
2. [Following last month's manslaughter conviction, Israeli soldier Elor Azaria is sentenced to 18 months in prison by a military court for, during a violent incident, his deadly shooting of the wounded, unarmed, prone Palestinian Abdel Fattah al-Sharif, who had stabbed a soldier last March in Hebron. ](/news/2017/02/21/following-last-month-s-manslaughter-conviction-israeli-soldier-elor-azaria-is-sentenced-to-18-months-in-prison-by-a-military-court-for-dur.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
3. [A 17-year-old Palestinian stabs and kills a sleeping 13-year-old Israeli and American citizen girl Hallel Yaffa Ariel in her bedroom. The assailant is fatally shot by security guards. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu blamed "incitement-driven terrorists" while the U.S. State Department condemned the "outrageous terrorist attack." ](/news/2016/06/30/a-17-year-old-palestinian-stabs-and-kills-a-sleeping-13-year-old-israeli-and-american-citizen-girl-hallel-yaffa-ariel-in-her-bedroom-the-as.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
4. [A 15-year-old Palestinian teen is shot and killed by Israel Defense Forces while  traveling in his family's car through an area where stones had been thrown that injured two tourists and an Israeli. The  IDF says  an official investigation has been opened.  Preliminary results indicate Mahmoud Rafat Baderan, the teen who was shot, was not involved in any stone throwing on the highway. ](/news/2016/06/21/a-15-year-old-palestinian-teen-is-shot-and-killed-by-israel-defense-forces-while-traveling-in-his-family-s-car-through-an-area-where-stones.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
5. [Following an appeal, 12-year-old Dima al-Wawi is freed from an Israeli prison. She is believed to be the youngest female Palestinian ever imprisoned.  Israeli civil law, which does not allow anyone under 14 to go to jail, did not affect her imprisonment.   Palestinian residents in the occupied territories are subject to military law that can sentence suspects as young as 12 to prison. ](/news/2016/04/24/following-an-appeal-12-year-old-dima-al-wawi-is-freed-from-an-israeli-prison-she-is-believed-to-be-the-youngest-female-palestinian-ever-im.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
6. [Three terror attacks are reported that result in the deaths of four Palestinians and an American tourist with 12 Israelis wounded, including two Israeli policemen, as United States Vice President Joe Biden arrives in Israel for a two-day visit that includes meetings with Israeli and Palestinian leaders.One of the attacks occurred less than a kilometer from where Joe Biden was at the time. ](/news/2016/03/8/three-terror-attacks-are-reported-that-result-in-the-deaths-of-four-palestinians-and-an-american-tourist-with-12-israelis-wounded-including.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
7. [Two Palestinian teenagers, from the nearby village of Qaryout, got into a Jewish settlement and stabbed an Israeli settler at his home in the  Eli settlement near Nablus in the occupied West Bank. They were stopped and killed by the army. The injured settler was taken to a hospital. ](/news/2016/03/2/two-palestinian-teenagers-from-the-nearby-village-of-qaryout-got-into-a-jewish-settlement-and-stabbed-an-israeli-settler-at-his-home-in-th.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
8. [A 10-year-old Palestinian boy and his 6-year-old sister in Gaza are killed by fragments from a missile fired by an Israeli aircraft targeting  four Hamas training camps after four missiles landed in open areas in southern Israel late yesterday. ](/news/2016/03/12/a-10-year-old-palestinian-boy-and-his-6-year-old-sister-in-gaza-are-killed-by-fragments-from-a-missile-fired-by-an-israeli-aircraft-targetin.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
9. [Faulty readings from a  GPS system apparently resulted in two Israeli soldiers driving into the Qalandiya refugee camp in the occupied West Bank. Israeli forces sent in on a rescue mission, engaged armed Palestinians. One 22-year-old Palestinian man was killed with 10 others wounded, one seriously, in the ensuing gun battle.  At least 10 Israeli soldiers were wounded. ](/news/2016/03/1/faulty-readings-from-a-gps-system-apparently-resulted-in-two-israeli-soldiers-driving-into-the-qalandiya-refugee-camp-in-the-occupied-west.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
10. [A report by two Israeli human rights groups, B'Tselem and HaMoked, states dozens of Palestinian detainees at the Shin Bet's Shikma interrogation facility in Ashkelon have been subjected to mistreatment, and in some cases torture. The report examined affidavits and personal accounts from 116 Palestinians held for security reasons at the facility between August 2013 and March 2014. ](/news/2016/02/24/a-report-by-two-israeli-human-rights-groups-b-tselem-and-hamoked-states-dozens-of-palestinian-detainees-at-the-shin-bet-s-shikma-interroga.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
