### [2006-07-25](/news/2006/07/25/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains): The Israeli army has been accused of using Palestinian civilians as human shields in an operation in northern Gaza. According to the Israeli human rights group, B'tselem, six civilians including two minors were subjected to the illegal tactic during an incursion into the town of Beit Hanoun last week. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/5212870.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains): IDF raid three demolished Israeli settlements and one Palestinian neighbourhood in the northern Gaza Strip, to halt the daily firing of Qassam rockets at Israeli towns. One Israeli soldier, more than 20 Palestenian militants and one civilian are killed. ](/news/2006/07/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-p-idf-raid-three-demolished-israeli-settlements-and-one-palestinian-neighbourhood-in.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Operation Summer Rains, Palestinian_
2. [ HaMoked Center for the Defense of the Individual and B'Tselem, Israeli human rights organizations, accuse the Israeli Defense Ministry of abusing Palestinian detainees in 73 cases. The Justice Ministry said the report was "fraught with mistakes, groundless claims and inaccuracies." ](/news/2007/05/6/hamoked-center-for-the-defense-of-the-individual-and-b-tselem-israeli-human-rights-organizations-accuse-the-israeli-defense-ministry-of-a.md) _Context: B'Tselem, Israel, Palestinian, human rights_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A ceasefire commences between Israeli and Palestinian fighters in the Gaza Strip. It followed negotiations between the Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert. ](/news/2006/11/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-a-ceasefire-commences-between-israeli-and-palestinian-fighters-in-the-gaza-strip-it-followed-negotiations-b.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains): Israel rejects Hamas terms for a ceasefire - Palestinian PM Ismail Haniya calls for a ceasefire to end several days of fierce fighting in the Gaza Strip. Israel reiterates its demand to release the abducted soldier Gilad Shalit, and end Qassam rocket attacks on Israeli towns, for an immediate cease fire to take place. ](/news/2006/07/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-p-israel-rejects-hamas-terms-for-a-ceasefire-palestinian-pm-ismail-haniya-calls-for.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Operation Summer Rains_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains): Three Israeli civilians are wounded when a Qassam rocket lands in a basketball court in Sderot. More than fifteen rockets land in Israeli towns on Friday, in spite of an Israeli raid in the northern Gaza Strip. ](/news/2006/07/7/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-p-three-israeli-civilians-are-wounded-when-a-qassam-rocket-lands-in-a-basketball-cour.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Operation Summer Rains_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains): Israel's Prime Minister has allowed the IDF to expand its offensive in the Gaza Strip against the Hamas-controlled Palestinian government, in order to free the abducted soldier Gilad Shalit. ](/news/2006/07/5/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-p-israel-s-prime-minister-has-allowed-the-idf-to-expand-its-offensive-in-the-gaza-str.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Operation Summer Rains_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains): Two Hamas militants killed in two Israeli air strikes in the Gaza Strip, one of them on a house in Gaza city. ](/news/2006/07/15/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-p-two-hamas-militants-killed-in-two-israeli-air-strikes-in-the-gaza-strip-one-of-the.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Operation Summer Rains_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains): About 1500 of Palestinian people cross the Gaza-Egypt border after Palestinian militants attack Egyptian policemen stationed at Rafah border terminal, blowing a hole in the wall near it. ](/news/2006/07/14/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-p-about-1500-of-palestinian-people-cross-the-gaza-egypt-border-after-palestinian-mili.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Operation Summer Rains, Palestinian_
9. [ Israeli government puts off an offensive to the northern Gaza Strip, and freezes military operations in the southern Gaza strip, to allow further time for diplomatic negotiations. There have been no Palestinian fatalities in two days of Israeli operations in the Gaza Strip and West Bank. ](/news/2006/06/29/israeli-government-puts-off-an-offensive-to-the-northern-gaza-strip-and-freezes-military-operations-in-the-southern-gaza-strip-to-allow-f.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Operation Summer Rains, Palestinian_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli troops, who are still in the process of withdrawing from Gaza, shoot dead a Palestinian teenager as he and about 50 others breach a fence around the evacuated Israeli settlement of Gush Katif and climbed atop of IDF tanks. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220914.stm (BBC)] [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/621804.html (Haaretz)] The Israeli Minister for Education, Limor Livnat, has called on her government to expand Israeli settlements in the West Bank as "dividend" of the pullout of the Gaza Strip. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220300.stm (BBC)], [http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13718&Itemid=1 (IMEMC)] The Israeli Housing Minister, Isaac Herzog, told Israel Radio that Israel does not intend to construct in E1 the area between the Maale Adumim Israeli settlement and Jerusalem in the coming years, adding that Israeli government statements to the contrary were part of the "internal conflict" at the Likud party. ([http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13724&Itemid=1 IMEMC])](/news/2005/09/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-israeli-troops-who-are-still-in-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-gaza-shoot-dead-a-palestinian-teenager-as.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
