### [2006-07-25](/news/2006/07/25/index.md)

#  The Interstate Abortion Bill is passed by the United States Senate. The bill would make it illegal for non-parents to take a minor to another state to obtain an abortion without parental consent. 




### Source:

1. [Congress Record, Not yet updated](http://www.congress.gov/cgi-bin/bdquery/z?d109:S.403:)
2. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2006/07/25/AR2006072501197_pf.html)

### Related:

1. [The United States Senate unanimously passes a bill to combat human trafficking after a long delay caused by a dispute over abortion funding. ](/news/2015/04/22/the-united-states-senate-unanimously-passes-a-bill-to-combat-human-trafficking-after-a-long-delay-caused-by-a-dispute-over-abortion-funding.md) _Context: Senate, abortion_
2. [United States Congressman Todd Akin, who is also a candidate for the United States Senate, says "legitimate rape" would lead to pregnancy only in "really rare" cases. In a follow-up statement, he says that he "clearly misspoke" and that he holds a "deep empathy" for the "thousands of women who are raped each year". He stirs a US-wide controversy over the issue of abortion. ](/news/2012/08/20/united-states-congressman-todd-akin-who-is-also-a-candidate-for-the-united-states-senate-says-legitimate-rape-would-lead-to-pregnancy-on.md) _Context: Senate, abortion_
3. [A hearing in the U.S. Senate is held about alleged human rights violations in the Philippines's war against illegal drugs. ](/news/2017/07/20/a-hearing-in-the-u-s-senate-is-held-about-alleged-human-rights-violations-in-the-philippines-s-war-against-illegal-drugs.md) _Context: Senate_
4. [After six days of debate, the House of Commons of the United Kingdom votes to approve, with 323 votes for and 309 against, the policies set out in the Queen's Speech. In order to avoid a 'regret' amendment, Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond says that England's National Health Service is to provide free abortions to women from Northern Ireland with funds from the Government Equalities Office. ](/news/2017/06/29/after-six-days-of-debate-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-votes-to-approve-with-323-votes-for-and-309-against-the-policies-set.md) _Context: abortion_
5. [The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping-up-sanctions-against-russia-and-against-iran-language-in-the-mea.md) _Context: Senate_
6. [The United States Senate confirms Heather Wilson as Secretary of the Air Force. ](/news/2017/05/8/the-united-states-senate-confirms-heather-wilson-as-secretary-of-the-air-force.md) _Context: Senate_
7. [United States senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-states-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-it.md) _Context: Senate_
8. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: Senate_
9. [Neil Gorsuch is confirmed as the 113th justice of the Supreme Court of the United States by a 54-45 vote in the United States Senate after invocation of the "nuclear option". ](/news/2017/04/7/neil-gorsuch-is-confirmed-as-the-113th-justice-of-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-by-a-54a45-vote-in-the-united-states-senate-after.md) _Context: Senate_
10. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _Context: Senate_
