### [2006-07-25](/news/2006/07/25/index.md)

#  The Israeli army has been accused of using Palestinian civilians as human shields in an operation in northern Gaza. According to the Israeli human rights group, B'tselem, six civilians including two minors were subjected to the illegal tactic during an incursion into the town of Beit Hanoun last week. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/5212870.stm)

### Related:

1. [ HaMoked Center for the Defense of the Individual and B'Tselem, Israeli human rights organizations, accuse the Israeli Defense Ministry of abusing Palestinian detainees in 73 cases. The Justice Ministry said the report was "fraught with mistakes, groundless claims and inaccuracies." ](/news/2007/05/6/hamoked-center-for-the-defense-of-the-individual-and-b-tselem-israeli-human-rights-organizations-accuse-the-israeli-defense-ministry-of-a.md) _Context: B'Tselem, Human rights, Israel, Palestinian_
2. [Israel revokes permits for 500 Palestinians from the Gaza Strip to enter Jerusalem for Friday prayers following a rocket attack on southern Israel. ](/news/2015/06/24/israel-revokes-permits-for-500-palestinians-from-the-gaza-strip-to-enter-jerusalem-for-friday-prayers-following-a-rocket-attack-on-southern.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Palestinian_
3. [An Israeli strike on a home in Gaza has killed at least 10 people, officials say, as Sunday became the deadliest day since Israel launched an operation against Hamas militants last week. Over 80 Israeli alleged terrorist targets were hit today by IDF bombs including rocket firing sites and weapon smuggling tunnels. The IDF releases a video showing rocket launching sites adjacent to a Mosque and accuses Hamas of using human shields. ](/news/2012/11/18/an-israeli-strike-on-a-home-in-gaza-has-killed-at-least-10-people-officials-say-as-sunday-became-the-deadliest-day-since-israel-launched-a.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, human shields_
4. [Palestinian militants fire rockets from the Gaza Strip into Israel severely injuring an elder. Israel launches a missile strike in return, killing two Palestinians. ](/news/2012/06/23/palestinian-militants-fire-rockets-from-the-gaza-strip-into-israel-severely-injuring-an-elder-israel-launches-a-missile-strike-in-return-k.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Palestinian_
5. [Two Palestinians held in Israeli prisons are reportedly close to death, having refused to eat for 74 days. A further 1,600 prisoners have been on hunger strike since 17 April. Leaders of the strikers wait for a response from the Israeli Prison Service to calls for negotiation on issues such as the allowing of family visits for prisoners from Gaza and the ending of the use of extended solitary confinement. ](/news/2012/05/12/two-palestinians-held-in-israeli-prisons-are-reportedly-close-to-death-having-refused-to-eat-for-74-days-a-further-1-600-prisoners-have-be.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Palestinian_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian clashes subside as a truce between Israel and Palestinians militants in the Gaza Strip comes into effect. ](/news/2012/03/13/israeli-palestinian-clashes-subside-as-a-truce-between-israel-and-palestinians-militants-in-the-gaza-strip-comes-into-effect.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Palestinian_
7. [Palestinian militants on the Gaza Strip fire rockets and mortars into Israel despite a truce. ](/news/2011/08/22/palestinian-militants-on-the-gaza-strip-fire-rockets-and-mortars-into-israel-despite-a-truce.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Palestinian_
8. [Two Palestinian militants of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine are killed and another six wounded by Israeli shelling as they approached the Gaza Strip-Israel border near Beit Hanoun. A ten-year-old girl is also wounded. ](/news/2010/07/21/two-palestinian-militants-of-the-islamic-jihad-movement-in-palestine-are-killed-and-another-six-wounded-by-israeli-shelling-as-they-approach.md) _Context: Beit Hanoun, Gaza, Israel_
9. [Thousands of Palestinians cross the Rafah Border Crossing into the Gaza Strip following its opening by Egypt, but Egypt prevents hundreds of activists from entering and Hamas continues to refuse Red Cross visits for captured Israeli soldier, Gilad Shalit. ](/news/2010/06/12/thousands-of-palestinians-cross-the-rafah-border-crossing-into-the-gaza-strip-following-its-opening-by-egypt-but-egypt-prevents-hundreds-of.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Palestinian_
10. [ Israeli jets bomb a building in the Gaza Strip which the military says hides a tunnel that Palestinian militants could use to infiltrate Israel. ](/news/2009/08/30/israeli-jets-bomb-a-building-in-the-gaza-strip-which-the-military-says-hides-a-tunnel-that-palestinian-militants-could-use-to-infiltrate-is.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Palestinian_
