### [2017-04-27](/news/2017/04/27/index.md)

# A South Korean adviser says it is "impossible" for South Korea to purchase the THAAD missile complex since control of its operation would remain with the United States. The remarks come after United States president Donald Trump suggested that South Korea pay for the $1 billion system. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/usa-trump-thaad-advisor-idUSL4N1I01LX)
1. [Cover Image](http://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20170428&t=2&i=1182536882&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXMPED3R07T)

### Related:

1. [The United States begins deploying the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) missile defense system in South Korea. ](/news/2017/03/7/the-united-states-begins-deploying-the-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-thaad-missile-defense-system-in-south-korea.md) _Context: South Korea, South Korea-United States relations, U.S., U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system launchers_
2. [American and South Korean military officials agree to deploy a U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) missile defense system in the country to counter North Korea's growing threats and use of ballistic missile and nuclear tests. ](/news/2016/07/8/american-and-south-korean-military-officials-agree-to-deploy-a-u-s-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-thaad-missile-defense-system-in-th.md) _Context: South Korea, South Korea-United States relations, U.S., U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system launchers_
3. [Amid tensions from South Korea, U.S. President Donald Trump announces that he is "allowing Japan and South Korea to buy a substantially increased amount of highly sophisticated military equipment from the United States." ](/news/2017/09/5/amid-tensions-from-south-korea-u-s-president-donald-trump-announces-that-he-is-allowing-japan-and-south-korea-to-buy-a-substantially-incr.md) _Context: Donald Trump, South Korea, South Korea-United States relations_
4. [South Korean President Moon Jae-in and U.S. President Donald Trump agree to revise the South Korea Ballistic Missile Range Guidelines which caps South Korea's missile development. ](/news/2017/09/1/south-korean-president-moon-jae-in-and-u-s-president-donald-trump-agree-to-revise-the-south-korea-ballistic-missile-range-guidelines-which.md) _Context: Donald Trump, South Korea, South Korea-United States relations_
5. [The United States deploys parts of its Terminal High Altitude Area Defense in South Korea amidst high tension caused by North Korea's escalation of its missile and nuclear weapons programs. ](/news/2017/04/26/the-united-states-deploys-parts-of-its-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-in-south-korea-amidst-high-tension-caused-by-north-korea-s-escala.md) _Context: South Korea, U.S., U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system launchers_
6. [South Korea and the United States start a joint military exercise as North Korea repeats threats of "indiscriminate" nuclear strikes. ](/news/2016/03/7/south-korea-and-the-united-states-start-a-joint-military-exercise-as-north-korea-repeats-threats-of-indiscriminate-nuclear-strikes.md) _Context: South Korea, South Korea-United States relations, U.S._
7. [Four U.S. F-22 stealth fighters, escorted by other U.S. and South Korean jets, flew low over the Osan Air Base in a show of force following North Korea's recent rocket launch. The Yonhap news agency reported two of these stealth planes will be deployed in South Korea "for a while." ](/news/2016/02/17/four-u-s-f-22-stealth-fighters-escorted-by-other-u-s-and-south-korean-jets-flew-low-over-the-osan-air-base-in-a-show-of-force-following.md) _Context: South Korea, South Korea-United States relations, U.S._
8. [Lockheed Martin vice president of air and missile defense Mike Trotsky tells the National Press Club in Washington, D.C., that the United States and South Korea are holding both formal and informal discussions on THAAD (Terminal High Altitude Area Defense System) deployment. South Korea's Defense Ministry and the U.S. Department of Defense deny the report. ](/news/2015/10/29/lockheed-martin-vice-president-of-air-and-missile-defense-mike-trotsky-tells-the-national-press-club-in-washington-d-c-that-the-united-st.md) _Context: South Korea, U.S., U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system launchers_
9. [South Korea and the United States commence a joint military exercise despite threats from North Korea. ](/news/2015/08/17/south-korea-and-the-united-states-commence-a-joint-military-exercise-despite-threats-from-north-korea.md) _Context: South Korea, South Korea-United States relations, U.S._
10. [In an official dinner hosted by the United States President, Donald Trump and leaders of the Democratic party Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi agree to fix DACA but disagree with the details, with Trump denying on Twitter the following day that a deal had been made which excluded funding for his proposed wall on the Mexico-United States border. ](/news/2017/09/13/in-an-official-dinner-hosted-by-the-united-states-president-donald-trump-and-leaders-of-the-democratic-party-chuck-schumer-and-nancy-pelosi.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S._
