### [2017-04-27](/news/2017/04/27/index.md)

# South Korea-United States relations. A South Korean adviser says it is "impossible" for South Korea to purchase the THAAD missile complex since control of its operation would remain with the United States. The remarks come after United States president Donald Trump suggested that South Korea pay for the $1 billion system. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/usa-trump-thaad-advisor-idUSL4N1I01LX)

### Related:

1. [South Korea-United States relations. The United States begins deploying the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) missile defense system in South Korea. ](/news/2017/03/7/south-korea-united-states-relations-the-united-states-begins-deploying-the-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-thaad-missile-defense-sy.md) _Context: South Korea, South Korea-United States relations, U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system launchers, United States_
2. [South Korea-United States relations. American and South Korean military officials agree to deploy a U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) missile defense system in the country to counter North Korea's growing threats and use of ballistic missile and nuclear tests. ](/news/2016/07/8/south-korea-united-states-relations-american-and-south-korean-military-officials-agree-to-deploy-a-u-s-terminal-high-altitude-area-defen.md) _Context: South Korea, South Korea-United States relations, U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system launchers, United States_
3. [North Korea-South Korea relations. The United States deploys parts of its Terminal High Altitude Area Defense in South Korea amidst high tension caused by North Korea's escalation of its missile and nuclear weapons programs. ](/news/2017/04/26/north-korea-south-korea-relations-the-united-states-deploys-parts-of-its-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-in-south-korea-amidst-high-t.md) _Context: South Korea, U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system launchers, United States_
4. [South Korea-United States relations. South Korea and the United States start a joint military exercise as North Korea repeats threats of "indiscriminate" nuclear strikes. ](/news/2016/03/7/south-korea-united-states-relations-south-korea-and-the-united-states-start-a-joint-military-exercise-as-north-korea-repeats-threats-of.md) _Context: South Korea, South Korea-United States relations, United States_
5. [South Korea-United States relations. Four U.S. F-22 stealth fighters, escorted by other U.S. and South Korean jets, flew low over the Osan Air Base in a show of force following North Korea's recent rocket launch. The Yonhap news agency reported two of these stealth planes will be deployed in South Korea "for a while." ](/news/2016/02/17/south-korea-united-states-relations-four-u-s-f-22-stealth-fighters-escorted-by-other-u-s-and-south-korean-jets-flew-low-over-the-osan.md) _Context: South Korea, South Korea-United States relations, United States_
6. [Lockheed Martin vice president of air and missile defense Mike Trotsky tells the National Press Club in Washington, D.C., that the United States and South Korea are holding both formal and informal discussions on THAAD (Terminal High Altitude Area Defense System) deployment. South Korea's Defense Ministry and the U.S. Department of Defense deny the report. ](/news/2015/10/29/lockheed-martin-vice-president-of-air-and-missile-defense-mike-trotsky-tells-the-national-press-club-in-washington-d-c-that-the-united-st.md) _Context: South Korea, U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system launchers, United States_
7. [South Korea and the United States commence a joint military exercise despite threats from North Korea. ](/news/2015/08/17/south-korea-and-the-united-states-commence-a-joint-military-exercise-despite-threats-from-north-korea.md) _Context: South Korea, South Korea-United States relations, United States_
8. [Immigration policy of Donald Trump. United States President Donald Trump, together with Senators Tom Cotton and David Perdue, unveils the RAISE Act, a plan that would, if passed, reduce legal immigration to the U.S. by half each year, and implement a "merit-based system" prioritizing skilled workers, instead of the current family-based chain migration system. ](/news/2017/08/2/immigration-policy-of-donald-trump-united-states-president-donald-trump-together-with-senators-tom-cotton-and-david-perdue-unveils-the-ra.md) _Context: Donald Trump, United States_
9. [Gene editing. Teams of United States-based researchers, composed of American, Chinese and South Korean scientists, successfully edit a piece of faulty DNA that causes a deadly form of heart disease from cells in human embryos. ](/news/2017/08/2/gene-editing-teams-of-united-states-based-researchers-composed-of-american-chinese-and-south-korean-scientists-successfully-edit-a-piece.md) _Context: South Korea, United States_
10. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. 2017 North Korean missile tests. North Korea launches an intercontinental ballistic missile that flies 620 miles horizontally in about 45 minutes, landing in the Sea of Japan, according to Japan, South Korea and the United States. ](/news/2017/07/28/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-2017-north-korean-missile-tests-north-korea-launches-an-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-tha.md) _Context: South Korea, United States_
