### [2017-04-27](/news/2017/04/27/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a large explosion near Damascus International Airport followed by a fire. The Syrian government says Israel struck the military site with several missiles. Israeli Intelligence Minister Yisrael Katz states that the strike "corresponds completely with Israel's policy". 

Unconfirmed reports say an Israeli strike targeted an arms supply hub operated by Hezbollah.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-39728682)
2. [Times of Israel](http://www.timesofisrael.com/patriot-missile-intercepts-drone-over-golan-heights/)
3. [Wires via ''Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/world/damascus-explosion-large-blast-fire-at-airport-20170427-gvtp9p.html)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/syrian-civil-war-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democr.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
2. [Syrian Civil War: Israeli Minister of Construction Yoav Galant states that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should be assassinated. Yesterday, the United States Department of State accused the al-Assad government of using a crematory at Sednaya Prison to cover up the mass murders of thousands of political prisoners. The Syrian government denies the accusations. ](/news/2017/05/16/syrian-civil-war-israeli-minister-of-construction-yoav-galant-states-that-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-should-be-assassinated-yesterda.md) _Context: Israel, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian Civil War: American-led intervention in Syria: According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, multiple suspected U.S.-led coalition air raids kill at least 23 civilians in the village of al-Matab in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/03/9/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-multiple-suspected-u-s-led-coal.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
4. [Syrian Civil War: According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, the total number of people killed and missing in Syria's war is now 465,000. ](/news/2017/03/13/syrian-civil-war-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-the-total-number-of-people-killed-and-missing-in-syria-s-war-is-now.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
5. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports that militants attacked two Syrian Armed Forces bases in Homs, killing at least 42 people, including a senior intelligence officer. ](/news/2017/02/25/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-that-militants-attacked-two-syrian-armed-forces-bases-in-homs-killing-at.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, military_
6. [Syrian Civil War: Idlib Governorate clashes (2017): Rival fighters between Tahrir al-Sham and Jund al-Aqsa clash in Syria's northern Idlib Governorate, killing "dozens" according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2017/02/14/syrian-civil-war-idlib-governorate-clashes-2017-rival-fighters-between-tahrir-al-sham-and-jund-al-aqsa-clash-in-syria-s-northern-idlib-g.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
7. [Syrian Civil War: Palmyra offensive (December 2016): ISIL recaptures the Syrian city of Palmyra despite heavy Russian airstrikes, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and Palmyra Coordination Committee (PCC). ](/news/2016/12/11/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-december-2016-isil-recaptures-the-syrian-city-of-palmyra-despite-heavy-russian-airstrikes-according.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
8. [Syrian civil war: Hours after the Syrian military declares the end of the ceasefire, an airstrike hits a convoy of United Nations OCHA aid trucks near the town of Urum al-Kubra, in the Aleppo Governorate, with the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reporting that at least 12 people have been killed. ](/news/2016/09/19/syrian-civil-war-hours-after-the-syrian-military-declares-the-end-of-the-ceasefire-an-airstrike-hits-a-convoy-of-united-nations-ocha-aid-t.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, military_
9. [Syrian civil war: Israel-Syria relations: Syria reports its air defense shot down an Israeli warplane that attacked a Syrian army position in al-Quneitra, near the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights. The Israel Defense Forces say that missiles were fired at their aircraft but none hit. ](/news/2016/09/13/syrian-civil-war-israel-syria-relations-syria-reports-its-air-defense-shot-down-an-israeli-warplane-that-attacked-a-syrian-army-position.md) _Context: Israel, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian civil war: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights claims that 10 people have been killed in an air strike on a hospital in the town of Milis in Syria's Idlib province. ](/news/2016/08/6/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-claims-that-10-people-have-been-killed-in-an-air-strike-on-a-hospital-in-the-town.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
