### [2017-04-27](/news/2017/04/27/index.md)

# The Bundestag approves a ban on burqas being worn by members of the German civil service. 

In a late night sitting, the lower house of parliament has approved a raft of security measures and a draft ban on face veils. The ban would only apply to civil servants in Germany.


### Source:

1. [Deutsche Welle](http://www.dw.com/en/bundestag-bans-face-veils-for-civil-servants-amid-security-measures/a-38619204)

### Related:

1. [Recognition of same-sex unions in Germany: The Bundestag votes to introduce same-sex marriage in Germany. With 393 votes in favor and 226 against, including Chancellor Angela Merkel, the law is expected to enter into force before the end of the year. ](/news/2017/06/30/recognition-of-same-sex-unions-in-germany-the-bundestag-votes-to-introduce-same-sex-marriage-in-germany-with-393-votes-in-favor-and-226-ag.md) _Context: Bundestag_
2. [Austria agrees to ban the full-face veil (burqa and niqab) in public spaces, part of a larger deal struck by the center-left Social Democratic Party and the center-right Austrian People's Party to avoid the collapse of the ruling coalition government. ](/news/2017/01/31/austria-agrees-to-ban-the-full-face-veil-burqa-and-niqab-in-public-spaces-part-of-a-larger-deal-struck-by-the-center-left-social-democra.md) _Context: burqa_
3. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant bans burqas in northern Iraq after a series of fatal attacks on its members by veiled women. ](/news/2016/09/6/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-bans-burqas-in-northern-iraq-after-a-series-of-fatal-attacks-on-i.md) _Context: burqa_
4. [Armenian Genocide recognition: The German Bundestag passes a resolution classifying the Ottoman Empire's killing of Armenians in 1915 as genocide, provoking a furious reaction in Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/2/armenian-genocide-recognition-the-german-bundestag-passes-a-resolution-classifying-the-ottoman-empire-s-killing-of-armenians-in-1915-as-gen.md) _Context: Bundestag_
5. [Germany-Turkey relations: Eleven Turkish-German members of Germany's Parliament, the Bundestag, who voted in support of declaring the Ottoman Turks slaughter of Armenians in 1915 a genocide, are under police protection. The legislators have faced heavy criticism from Turkish officials, as well as from Turkish Germans. ](/news/2016/06/13/germany-turkey-relations-eleven-turkish-german-members-of-germany-s-parliament-the-bundestag-who-voted-in-support-of-declaring-the-otto.md) _Context: Bundestag_
6. [Niqab in Egypt: The Parliament of Egypt drafts a law which will ban women from wearing full-face veils such as the niqab and burqa in public places and government institutions. The move comes after Cairo University recently banned nurses and doctors from wearing veils in medical schools and in teaching hospitals, arguing the ban would -protect patients- rights and interests-. ](/news/2016/03/9/niqab-in-egypt-the-parliament-of-egypt-drafts-a-law-which-will-ban-women-from-wearing-full-face-veils-such-as-the-niqab-and-burqa-in-publ.md) _Context: burqa_
7. [Military intervention against ISIL: In an act of solidarity with France following the Paris massacre, Germany's parliament (the Bundestag) approves measures to move past the military's primary defensive role, to send six of its 29 operational, yet aged, Tornado reconnaissance aircraft, and as many as 1,200 soldiers to support the coalition missions against Islamic State militants in Syria. The airplanes will be limited to support activities; they will not fly combat missions. ](/news/2015/12/4/military-intervention-against-isil-in-an-act-of-solidarity-with-france-following-the-paris-massacre-germany-s-parliament-the-bundestag-a.md) _Context: Bundestag_
8. [Kenyan police arrest "Daily Nation" senior reporter John Ngirachu who wrote about corruption at the Interior Ministry. Reports alleging outrageous spending by civil servants has raised pressure on President Uhuru Kenyatta. ](/news/2015/11/10/kenyan-police-arrest-daily-nation-senior-reporter-john-ngirachu-who-wrote-about-corruption-at-the-interior-ministry-reports-alleging-outr.md) _Context: civil service_
9. [Greek government-debt crisis: The Bundestag votes to approve a third bailout for Greece. ](/news/2015/08/19/greek-government-debt-crisis-the-bundestag-votes-to-approve-a-third-bailout-for-greece.md) _Context: Bundestag_
10. [Greek government-debt crisis: Bundestag, the German lower house of parliament, approves Greece's bailout plan by 439-119 with 40 abstained. ](/news/2015/07/17/greek-government-debt-crisis-bundestag-the-german-lower-house-of-parliament-approves-greece-s-bailout-plan-by-439-119-with-40-abstained.md) _Context: Bundestag_
