### [2017-04-27](/news/2017/04/27/index.md)

# Two U.S. service members are killed and a third is injured during a raid against ISIL militants in Afghanistan's Nangarhar Province. 

Two U.S. military service members were killed Wednesday night in an anti-ISIS operation in the Achin District of Nangarhar province in eastern Afghanistan, according to Pentagon spokesman Capt. Jeff Davis. A third U.S. service member was wounded in action. U.S. Department of Defense policy is to...


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/us-service-members-killed-afghanistan/story?id=47054981)

### Related:

1. [An Afghan soldier kills 3 U.S. troops and injures 1 other in Achin, Nangarhar Province. The Taliban claims responsibility, saying the Afghan soldier was one of several Taliban infiltrators in the Afghan Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/06/10/an-afghan-soldier-kills-3-u-s-troops-and-injures-1-other-in-achin-nangarhar-province-the-taliban-claims-responsibility-saying-the-afghan.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Nangarhar Province, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
2. [The United States Air Force drops the GBU-43/B Massive Ordnance Air Blast in Nangarhar Province, Afghanistan, reportedly on an ISIL complex of tunnels and caves. This is the first use of the weapon on the battlefield.  ](/news/2017/04/13/the-united-states-air-force-drops-the-gbu-43-b-massive-ordnance-air-blast-in-nangarhar-province-afghanistan-reportedly-on-an-isil-complex.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Nangarhar Province, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
3. [A U.S. service member becomes the first U.S. military combat casualty in Afghanistan since January 2016 when he is killed by an improvised explosive device (IED) while on patrol near the city of Lashkar Gah in Afghanistan's southern Helmand Province. Another American service member and six Afghan soldiers were also injured in the blast. ](/news/2016/08/23/a-u-s-service-member-becomes-the-first-u-s-military-combat-casualty-in-afghanistan-since-january-2016-when-he-is-killed-by-an-improvised-e.md) _Context: Afghanistan, United States, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
4. [A suicide bomber kills 12 new police recruits in the Nangarhar Province of Afghanistan. The Taliban claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/04/11/a-suicide-bomber-kills-12-new-police-recruits-in-the-nangarhar-province-of-afghanistan-the-taliban-claims-responsibility-for-the-attack.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Nangarhar Province, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
5. [The United States sends more troops to Afghanistan's southern Helmand province to shore up security forces who are facing sustained attacks from the Taliban. ](/news/2016/02/9/the-united-states-sends-more-troops-to-afghanistan-s-southern-helmand-province-to-shore-up-security-forces-who-are-facing-sustained-attacks.md) _Context: Afghanistan, United States, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
6. [A U.S. drone strike kills at least 6 ISIL militants in Afghanistan's Nangarhar Province, according to the Afghan defense ministry. ](/news/2016/01/26/a-u-s-drone-strike-kills-at-least-6-isil-militants-in-afghanistan-s-nangarhar-province-according-to-the-afghan-defense-ministry.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Nangarhar Province, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
7. [A suicide-bomb attack on a joint Afghan-U.S. patrol near Bagram Air Base in Afghanistan's Parwan Province, kills at least six U.S. soldiers and wounds another six. The Taliban's spokesman, Zabiullah Mujahid, claims responsibility for the attack in a message on Twitter. ](/news/2015/12/21/a-suicide-bomb-attack-on-a-joint-afghan-u-s-patrol-near-bagram-air-base-in-afghanistan-s-parwan-province-kills-at-least-six-u-s-soldiers.md) _Context: Afghanistan, United States, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
8. [Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors without Borders) calls for activating the International Humanitarian Fact-Finding Commission - for the first time since its 1991 creation under the Geneva Conventions - to investigate the deadly U.S. bombing of MSF's hospital in Kunduz, Afghanistan. MSF says it does not trust internal military inquiries into the bombing that killed at least 22 people, which it considers a war crime. ](/news/2015/10/7/ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doctors-without-borders-calls-for-activating-the-international-humanitarian-fact-finding-commission-a-for-the.md) _Context: Afghanistan, United States, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
9. [A suicide car bomb kills 25 people and wounds 10 in southeastern Afghanistan close to a U.S. base. ](/news/2015/07/12/a-suicide-car-bomb-kills-25-people-and-wounds-10-in-southeastern-afghanistan-close-to-a-u-s-base.md) _Context: Afghanistan, United States, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
10. [Afghan Civil War:According to witnesses who fled fighting in Nangarhar province, fighters loyal to Islamic State seize substantial territory in Afghanistan for the first time, wresting areas in the east from rival Taliban insurgents in a new threat to stability, scorching opium poppy fields that help to fund the Taliban's campaign to overthrow the Afghan government. ](/news/2015/06/29/afghan-civil-war-paccording-to-witnesses-who-fled-fighting-in-nangarhar-province-fighters-loyal-to-islamic-state-seize-substantial-territor.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Nangarhar Province, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
