### [2017-04-27](/news/2017/04/27/index.md)

# U.S. President Donald Trump announces that he intends to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement, softening earlier claims that he would terminate the trade bloc. 

President Donald Trump said on Thursday he pulled back from the brink of killing the 23-year-old trade pact with Canada and Mexico after requests from their leaders and expressed optimism about winning better U.S. terms in a renegotiated deal.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trade-nafta-idUSKBN17S2DG)

### Related:

1. [President Donald Trump, siding with Democrats, reaches a deal with congressional leaders of both parties to extend the U.S. debt limit and fund the federal government until Dec. 15, as well as provide Harvey disaster relief. ](/news/2017/09/6/president-donald-trump-siding-with-democrats-reaches-a-deal-with-congressional-leaders-of-both-parties-to-extend-the-u-s-debt-limit-and-f.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
2. [Amid tensions from South Korea, U.S. President Donald Trump announces that he is "allowing Japan and South Korea to buy a substantially increased amount of highly sophisticated military equipment from the United States." ](/news/2017/09/5/amid-tensions-from-south-korea-u-s-president-donald-trump-announces-that-he-is-allowing-japan-and-south-korea-to-buy-a-substantially-incr.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
3. [In an official dinner hosted by the United States President, Donald Trump and leaders of the Democratic party Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi agree to fix DACA but disagree with the details, with Trump denying on Twitter the following day that a deal had been made which excluded funding for his proposed wall on the Mexico-United States border. ](/news/2017/09/13/in-an-official-dinner-hosted-by-the-united-states-president-donald-trump-and-leaders-of-the-democratic-party-chuck-schumer-and-nancy-pelosi.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
4. [South Korean President Moon Jae-in and U.S. President Donald Trump agree to revise the South Korea Ballistic Missile Range Guidelines which caps South Korea's missile development. ](/news/2017/09/1/south-korean-president-moon-jae-in-and-u-s-president-donald-trump-agree-to-revise-the-south-korea-ballistic-missile-range-guidelines-which.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
5. [Paul Ryan (R-WI), U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives, urges President Donald Trump not to rescind the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program that protects immigrants who illegally entered the U.S. as children from deportation. ](/news/2017/09/1/paul-ryan-r-wi-u-s-speaker-of-the-house-of-representatives-urges-president-donald-trump-not-to-rescind-the-deferred-action-for-childhoo.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
6. [Five transgender United States military personnel sue President Donald Trump and top Pentagon officials over the President's policy change announced late last month banning transgender people from serving in the military. The suit asks the court to prevent the ban from going into effect. ](/news/2017/08/9/five-transgender-united-states-military-personnel-sue-president-donald-trump-and-top-pentagon-officials-over-the-president-s-policy-change-a.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
7. [U.S. President Donald Trump promises "fire and fury like the world has never seen" if North Korea threatens the United States. ](/news/2017/08/8/u-s-president-donald-trump-promises-fire-and-fury-like-the-world-has-never-seen-if-north-korea-threatens-the-united-states.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
8. [West Virginia Governor Jim Justice announces, during U.S. President Donald Trump's rally in Huntington, he is changing his party affiliation from Democratic to Republican. ](/news/2017/08/3/west-virginia-governor-jim-justice-announces-during-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-rally-in-huntington-he-is-changing-his-party-affiliation.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
9. [Two transcripts of telephone conversations between U.S. President Donald Trump and foreign leaders are leaked. Trump was shown to disagree with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto on 27 January over the proposed border wall, and with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull the next day over the resettlement deal of refugees in Nauru and Manus. ](/news/2017/08/3/two-transcripts-of-telephone-conversations-between-u-s-president-donald-trump-and-foreign-leaders-are-leaked-trump-was-shown-to-disagree-w.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
10. [Pakistan postpones a visit from U.S. acting Assistant Secretary of State Alice Wells, its foreign ministry says, as some protest President Donald Trump's accusations that Pakistan is harbouring terrorists. ](/news/2017/08/27/pakistan-postpones-a-visit-from-u-s-acting-assistant-secretary-of-state-alice-wells-its-foreign-ministry-says-as-some-protest-president-d.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
