### [2013-05-29](/news/2013/05/29/index.md)

# Buddhist mobs burn down Muslim homes and shops in Lashio, Myanmar leaving 1 dead and 4 others injured. 

Security forces struggled to control Buddhist mobs who burned Muslim homes on Wednesday for a second day in the northern Myanmar city of Lashio in a dangerous widening of ultra-nationalist Buddhist violence.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/05/29/us-myanmar-violence-idUSBRE94S0JD20130529)

### Related:

1. [A Buddhist mob torches more than 70 Muslim homes and stabs a 94-year-old woman to death in Rakhine State, Myanmar. ](/news/2013/10/1/a-buddhist-mob-torches-more-than-70-muslim-homes-and-stabs-a-94-year-old-woman-to-death-in-rakhine-state-myanmar.md) _Context: Buddhist, Muslim, Myanmar_
2. [A dispute between a Muslim gold shop owner and Buddhist sellers escalates into communal violence that leaves 10 people dead, 20 injured, and 4 mosques burnt to the ground in Myanmar. ](/news/2013/03/21/a-dispute-between-a-muslim-gold-shop-owner-and-buddhist-sellers-escalates-into-communal-violence-that-leaves-10-people-dead-20-injured-and.md) _Context: Buddhist, Muslim, Myanmar_
3. [Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak leads a protest rally against the persecution of Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority in the predominately Buddhist country,  and calls on Myanmar State Counsellor   Aung San Suu Kyi and the United Nations to address the Rohingya's plight  and end the violence.   Myanmar's president's office said the rally is timed for Malaysian political purposes, and that Malaysia should respect the  Association of Southeast Asian Nations's principle on  sovereignty. ](/news/2016/12/4/malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-leads-a-protest-rally-against-the-persecution-of-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority-in-the-predominatel.md) _Context: Muslim, Myanmar_
4. [The Government of Malaysia claims that violence against Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority is "ethnic cleansing" ahead of a march in Kuala Lumpur led by Prime Minister Najib Razak. ](/news/2016/12/3/the-government-of-malaysia-claims-that-violence-against-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority-is-ethnic-cleansing-ahead-of-a-march-in-kuala-l.md) _Context: Muslim, Myanmar_
5. [Yanghee Lee, the United Nations special human rights envoy to overwhelmingly Buddhist Myanmar, says more than 100,000 of the Muslim Rohingya minority remain in squalid camps they were forced to four years ago by violence. The government does not recognize most of these people as citizens, and has treated even long-term residents as illegal immigrants. Lee is encouraged by last March's peaceful transition to a democratically elected and civilian-led government. ](/news/2016/07/1/yanghee-lee-the-united-nations-special-human-rights-envoy-to-overwhelmingly-buddhist-myanmar-says-more-than-100-000-of-the-muslim-rohingya.md) _Context: Muslim, Myanmar_
6. [Two boats carrying 500 members of Myanmar's Rohingya Muslim people arrive in western Indonesia. ](/news/2015/05/10/two-boats-carrying-500-members-of-myanmar-s-rohingya-muslim-people-arrive-in-western-indonesia.md) _Context: Muslim, Myanmar_
7. [The United Nations calls for action to end renewed hostilities between ethnic Buddhists and Muslim Rohingya in Myanmar's western Rakhine State that have killed dozens and displaced more than 22,500. ](/news/2012/10/28/the-united-nations-calls-for-action-to-end-renewed-hostilities-between-ethnic-buddhists-and-muslim-rohingya-in-myanmar-s-western-rakhine-sta.md) _Context: Buddhist, Myanmar_
8. [ Buddhist monks stage a brief demonstration in Myanmar making it the fourth successive day of protests. ](/news/2007/09/21/buddhist-monks-stage-a-brief-demonstration-in-myanmar-making-it-the-fourth-successive-day-of-protests.md) _Context: Buddhist, Myanmar_
9. [A mob of at least a hundred Rakhine Buddhists in Sittwe, Rakhine State, Myanmar, attack seven Rohingya men from Dapaing Camp for internally displaced persons, killing one and severely injuring another. The Rohingya men were being escorted by police to Sittwe's docks to purchase boats, but were attacked despite armed guards being present. ](/news/2017/07/4/a-mob-of-at-least-a-hundred-rakhine-buddhists-in-sittwe-rakhine-state-myanmar-attack-seven-rohingya-men-from-dapaing-camp-for-internally.md) _Context: Myanmar_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Muslim_
