### [2013-05-29](/news/2013/05/29/index.md)

# French police arrest a man, said to be a radical Islamist, for allegedly stabbing Cedric Cordier, a soldier in the La Defense business district near Paris. 

Police have arrested a 21-year-old Muslim convert suspected of stabbing a soldier near Paris four days ago in what the authorities fear was an attempt to copy the Woolwich killing. The man, named...


### Source:

1. [The Times](http://www.thetimes.co.uk/tto/news/world/europe/article3777519.ece)

### Related:

1. [June 2016 Magnanville stabbing: A senior French police commander is killed by a knife-wielding 25-year-old man outside his home in Magnanville near Paris, France. The attacker, who retreated inside the house, is also killed when elite police commandos storm the residence after negotiations failed. The commander's partner, a female administrative police official, is found dead inside the home, while a young boy is rescued physically unharmed. The Islamic State, via its Amaq News Agency, claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/06/13/june-2016-magnanville-stabbing-a-senior-french-police-commander-is-killed-by-a-knife-wielding-25-year-old-man-outside-his-home-in-magnanvil.md) _Context: French police, Paris_
2. [January 2016 Paris police station attack: French police shoot dead a knife-wielding man, who was shouting "Allahu Akbar", outside a police station in Goutte d'Or, located in the 18th arrondissement of Paris. A piece of paper with an Islamic State flag and claim for the attack written in Arabic was found on his body. The incident is noted for taking place on the anniversary of last year's "Charlie Hebdo" shooting. ](/news/2016/01/7/january-2016-paris-police-station-attack-french-police-shoot-dead-a-knife-wielding-man-who-was-shouting-allahu-akbar-outside-a-police-s.md) _Context: French police, Paris_
3. [2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference: About 20,000 pairs of empty shoes lay around Paris, symbolizing the absent marchers who would have joined this weekend's worldwide climate change protests pressing for a bold international agreement at the upcoming climate summit there. The capital city was planned to be the center for demonstrations but French police banned large protests following the terrorist attacks this month. ](/news/2015/11/29/2015-united-nations-climate-change-conference-about-20-000-pairs-of-empty-shoes-lay-around-paris-symbolizing-the-absent-marchers-who-would.md) _Context: French police, Paris_
4. [2015 Roubaix shootings: At least one person is killed after a group of armed men took people hostage in the northern French town of Roubaix near the Belgian border. The hostages are thought to be a bank director and his family. French police say the incident may be related to a robbery and not to the November 2015 attacks in Paris. ](/news/2015/11/24/2015-roubaix-shootings-at-least-one-person-is-killed-after-a-group-of-armed-men-took-people-hostage-in-the-northern-french-town-of-roubaix.md) _Context: French police, Paris_
5. [November 2015 Paris attacks: A raid by French police in the Paris suburb of Saint-Denis kills at least two terror suspects, including a female suicide bomber, with eight others arrested. ](/news/2015/11/18/november-2015-paris-attacks-a-raid-by-french-police-in-the-paris-suburb-of-saint-denis-kills-at-least-two-terror-suspects-including-a-fema.md) _Context: French police, Paris_
6. [French police arrest six people in Paris over their suspected involvement in an attempt to steal 1.6 million euros worth of gold bars from an Air France plane on September 19. ](/news/2013/09/27/french-police-arrest-six-people-in-paris-over-their-suspected-involvement-in-an-attempt-to-steal-1-6-million-euros-worth-of-gold-bars-from-a.md) _Context: French police, Paris_
7. [Levallois-Perret attack: In a suspected terror attack, six French soldiers are injured, three seriously, when a man drives a car into them at a barracks in the Paris suburb of Levallois-Perret. ](/news/2017/08/9/levallois-perret-attack-in-a-suspected-terror-attack-six-french-soldiers-are-injured-three-seriously-when-a-man-drives-a-car-into-them-a.md) _Context: Paris_
8. [June 2017 Champs-Elysees car ramming attack: A car carrying firearms and gas bottles deliberately rammed a police vehicle on the Champs-Elysees in Paris, France, subsequently bursting into flames. The driver, who was on a security watchlist, was shot dead. ](/news/2017/06/19/june-2017-champs-alysa-c-es-car-ramming-attack-a-car-carrying-firearms-and-gas-bottles-deliberately-rammed-a-police-vehicle-on-the-champs-a.md) _Context: Paris_
9. [Rare specimens of daisies from the 1850s originally held in the National Museum of Natural History in Paris were reportedly destroyed by Australia in March allegedly due to incomplete paperwork. ](/news/2017/05/8/rare-specimens-of-daisies-from-the-1850s-originally-held-in-the-national-museum-of-natural-history-in-paris-were-reportedly-destroyed-by-aus.md) _Context: Paris_
10. [French presidential election, 2017: Yesterday's terrorist attack in Paris disrupts campaigning for the elections. ](/news/2017/04/21/french-presidential-election-2017-yesterday-s-terrorist-attack-in-paris-disrupts-campaigning-for-the-elections.md) _Context: Paris_
