### [2013-05-29](/news/2013/05/29/index.md)

# The New York Police Department (NYPD) states that preliminary tests indicate ricin was present in letters that were sent to the office of New York City Mayor and media mogul Michael Bloomberg, and to the office of the Director of Mayors Against Illegal Guns. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/?hpt=sitenav)

### Related:

1. [In Queens Village, a part of the New York City borough of Queens, 25-year-old New York Police Department (NYPD) officer Brian Moore is shot in the head through the cheek while on patrol with his partner, Erik Jansen, who was uninjured, according to NYPD Police Commissioner William Bratton. The officer was placed in an induced coma at Jamaica Hospital Medical Center, but his condition eventually deteriorated, and he died on Monday, May 4, 2015, after being taken off of life support. Demetrius Blackwell, 35, is charged with first-degree murder in the case. ](/news/2015/05/2/in-queens-village-a-part-of-the-new-york-city-borough-of-queens-25-year-old-new-york-police-department-nypd-officer-brian-moore-is-shot.md) _Context: New York City, New York Police Department_
2. [Michael Bloomberg appeals to the New York Supreme Court's Appellate Division on the invalidation of a law limiting soft drink sales in New York City. ](/news/2013/06/11/michael-bloomberg-appeals-to-the-new-york-supreme-court-s-appellate-division-on-the-invalidation-of-a-law-limiting-soft-drink-sales-in-new-y.md) _Context: Michael Bloomberg, New York City_
3. [Boston Marathon bombings:. Michael Bloomberg, the Mayor of New York City, claims that the US Federal Bureau of Investigation briefed him that suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev said that the bombers intended to attack New York City next. ](/news/2013/04/25/boston-marathon-bombings-michael-bloomberg-the-mayor-of-new-york-city-claims-that-the-us-federal-bureau-of-investigation-briefed-him-tha.md) _Context: Michael Bloomberg, New York City_
4. [A New York state judge invalidates a New York City ban on the sale of soft drinks larger than 16 ounces that was set to take effect on March 12. The office of Mayor Michael Bloomberg indicates it will appeal. ](/news/2013/03/11/a-new-york-state-judge-invalidates-a-new-york-city-ban-on-the-sale-of-soft-drinks-larger-than-16-ounces-that-was-set-to-take-effect-on-march.md) _Context: Michael Bloomberg, New York City_
5. [Jose Pimentel, a 27-year-old Dominican-American, is arrested in New York City after planning to detonate pipe bombs, according to New York mayor Michael Bloomberg. The suspect is believed to have Al-Qaeda sympathies, although no wider conspiracy is suspected. ](/news/2011/11/20/jose-pimentel-a-27-year-old-dominican-american-is-arrested-in-new-york-city-after-planning-to-detonate-pipe-bombs-according-to-new-york-m.md) _Context: Michael Bloomberg, New York City_
6. [ United States elections, 2009. Michael Bloomberg wins a third term as Mayor of New York City. ](/news/2009/11/4/united-states-elections-2009-michael-bloomberg-wins-a-third-term-as-mayor-of-new-york-city.md) _Context: Michael Bloomberg, New York City_
7. [ The New York City Council votes 29-22 in favor of extending the term limit on the office of the Mayor to three consecutive four-year terms from two consecutive four-year terms. This allows current Mayor Michael Bloomberg to run for office again in the next mayoral election in November 2009. ](/news/2008/10/23/the-new-york-city-council-votes-29-22-in-favor-of-extending-the-term-limit-on-the-office-of-the-mayor-to-three-consecutive-four-year-term.md) _Context: Michael Bloomberg, New York City_
8. [ Iran:. The New York Police Department denies a request by the President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to visit Ground Zero of the September 11, 2001 attacks in New York City. ](/news/2007/09/20/iran-the-new-york-police-department-denies-a-request-by-the-president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-to-visit-ground-zero-of-the-september-1.md) _Context: New York City, New York Police Department_
9. [ The United States Department of Homeland Security reveals that it plans to reallocate anti-terrorism funding to cities across the nation. Funding to New York City and Washington, D.C. is cut, while funding in cities such as Omaha, Nebraska and Los Angeles, California increases. New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg's office calls the report's statement that there are no "national monuments or icons" in New York City "outrageous.](/news/2006/06/1/the-united-states-department-of-homeland-security-reveals-that-it-plans-to-reallocate-anti-terrorism-funding-to-cities-across-the-nation-f.md) _Context: Michael Bloomberg, New York City_
10. [Hyperloop. SpaceX CEO Elon Musk says he has received federal government approval for The Boring Company to build an underground 760mph Hyperloop that will connect New York City and Washington, D.C.. ](/news/2017/07/20/hyperloop-spacex-ceo-elon-musk-says-he-has-received-federal-government-approval-for-the-boring-company-to-build-an-underground-760mph-hyper.md) _Context: New York City_
