### [2006-05-9](/news/2006/05/9/index.md)

#  The United Kingdom's new Minister for Local Government, Ruth Kelly, who is a Roman Catholic and a member of Opus Dei, refuses to state whether or not she believes that homosexuality is a sin. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk_politics/4756399.stm)

### Related:

1. [ British Prime Minister Gordon Brown apologises for the post-war treatment of celebrated WWII code-breaker Alan Turing, who was chemically castrated for having homosexual relations. ](/news/2009/09/10/british-prime-minister-gordon-brown-apologises-for-the-post-war-treatment-of-celebrated-wwii-code-breaker-alan-turing-who-was-chemically-c.md) _Context: United Kingdom, homosexuality_
2. [ ''Premiership of Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:'' In a major Cabinet reshuffle, every person's post is changed, bar one. Alistair Darling becomes Chancellor of the Exchequer, David Miliband becomes Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, and Jacqui Smith becomes the first female Secretary of State for the Home Department. Alan Johnson takes Health, Jack Straw takes Justice and First Secretary of State, Hilary Benn takes Environment, Des Browne remains as Defence Secretary but also becomes Secretary of State for Scotland, and Ruth Kelly takes Transport. Douglas Alexander takes Secretary of State for International Development; Peter Hain remains Secretary of State for Wales but also becomes Work and Pensions Secretary; Shaun Woodward becomes Northern Ireland Secretary; John Hutton takes Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform Secretary; Hazel Blears takes Communities Secretary and Minister for Equality; James Purnell takes Secretary of State for Children, Schools and Families; and Tessa Jowell becomes Minister for the Olympics and will only attend Cabinet when required. Baroness Ashton becomes Leader of the House of Lords; Harriet Harman&mdash;Labour's deputy leader&mdash;becomes Leader of the House of Commons and Minister for Women; whilst Ed Balls becomes Children, Schools and Families Secretary. John Denham becomes Innovation, University and Skills Secretary; and Baroness Scotland becomes the new Attorney General of England and Wales. The Cabinet is set to change. ](/news/2007/06/28/premiership-of-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-p-in-a-major-cabinet-reshuffle-every-person-s-post-is-changed-bar-one-p-alistair-darling.md) _Context: Ruth Kelly, United Kingdom_
3. [ British Secretary of State for Education Ruth Kelly promises that student selection will not return to schools. ](/news/2005/11/17/british-secretary-of-state-for-education-ruth-kelly-promises-that-student-selection-will-not-return-to-schools.md) _Context: Ruth Kelly, United Kingdom_
4. [Right-wing media personality Katie Hopkins is to leave LBC with "immediate effect" after Hopkins posted on Twitter calling for a so-called "final solution" to the United Kingdom's Islamic terrorism problem following the Manchester Arena bombing which left 22 people dead. ](/news/2017/05/26/right-wing-media-personality-katie-hopkins-is-to-leave-lbc-with-immediate-effect-after-hopkins-posted-on-twitter-calling-for-a-so-called.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
5. [The Office for National Statistics in the United Kingdom states that consumer prices in Britain rose by an annualized 2.7% in April, the highest level of inflation in almost four years. ](/news/2017/05/16/the-office-for-national-statistics-in-the-united-kingdom-states-that-consumer-prices-in-britain-rose-by-an-annualized-2-7-in-april-the-hig.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
6. [European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expatriates.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
7. [The United Kingdom, on Friday, did not derive energy from any coal-fired source, the first continuous 24-hour, coal-free period for the UK since use of the fossil fuel began. Coal accounted for just 9 percent of the electricity generated last year. ](/news/2017/04/22/the-united-kingdom-on-friday-did-not-derive-energy-from-any-coal-fired-source-the-first-continuous-24-hour-coal-free-period-for-the-uk-s.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
8. [British sports retailer Sports Direct agreed to acquire the American retail chains Bob's Stores and Eastern Mountain Sports for $101 million out of bankruptcy. ](/news/2017/04/21/british-sports-retailer-sports-direct-agreed-to-acquire-the-american-retail-chains-bob-s-stores-and-eastern-mountain-sports-for-101-million.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
9. [A second parchment manuscript of the United States Declaration of Independence is discovered by Harvard University researchers, in a record office in Chichester, United Kingdom. ](/news/2017/04/21/a-second-parchment-manuscript-of-the-united-states-declaration-of-independence-is-discovered-by-harvard-university-researchers-in-a-record.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
10. [The United Kingdom government agrees to sell the UK Green Investment Bank to a group led chiefly by Australian financial firm Macquarie Group for $3 billion, in a deal criticized as not securing the future of the bank. ](/news/2017/04/20/the-united-kingdom-government-agrees-to-sell-the-uk-green-investment-bank-to-a-group-led-chiefly-by-australian-financial-firm-macquarie-grou.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
