### [2009-09-5](/news/2009/09/5/index.md)

#  An oil deal and trade concerns with Libya were at one point considered as factors in the Lockerbie bomber's release, British Justice Secretary Jack Straw says in an interview. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2009/WORLD/europe/09/05/libya.megrahi.britain/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Libyan Crisis (2011-present): The United Kingdom is to send troops to Tunisia to help the Tunisian Army prevent ISIL militants from moving into the country from Libya. ](/news/2016/03/1/libyan-crisis-2011-present-the-united-kingdom-is-to-send-troops-to-tunisia-to-help-the-tunisian-army-prevent-isil-militants-from-moving.md) _Context: Britain, Libya_
2. [The Government of the United Kingdom expels Libyan diplomats loyal to Muammar Gaddafi from the United Kingdom and recognises the National Transitional Council. ](/news/2011/07/27/the-government-of-the-united-kingdom-expels-libyan-diplomats-loyal-to-muammar-gaddafi-from-the-united-kingdom-and-recognises-the-national-tr.md) _Context: Britain, Libya_
3. [The United Kingdom expels two more Libyan diplomats, a week after expelling the ambassador, in order to increase diplomatic pressure on the regime of Muammar Gaddafi. ](/news/2011/05/5/the-united-kingdom-expels-two-more-libyan-diplomats-a-week-after-expelling-the-ambassador-in-order-to-increase-diplomatic-pressure-on-the.md) _Context: Britain, Libya_
4. [The House of Commons votes in favour of the United Kingdom's involvement in military action in Libya. ](/news/2011/03/21/the-house-of-commons-votes-in-favour-of-the-united-kingdom-s-involvement-in-military-action-in-libya.md) _Context: Britain, Libya_
5. [The United Kingdom and United States decide last year's release from a Scottish prison of Libyan Abdelbaset al-Megrahi was "a mistake". ](/news/2010/07/16/the-united-kingdom-and-united-states-decide-last-year-s-release-from-a-scottish-prison-of-libyan-abdelbaset-al-megrahi-was-a-mistake.md) _Context: Britain, Libya_
6. [ Documents released by the British government show that the United Kingdom gave in to Libyan demands that the Lockerbie bomber be eligible for transfer home to serve his sentence there. ](/news/2009/09/1/documents-released-by-the-british-government-show-that-the-united-kingdom-gave-in-to-libyan-demands-that-the-lockerbie-bomber-be-eligible-f.md) _Context: Britain, Lockerbie bomber_
7. [ "Premiership of Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:": In a major Cabinet reshuffle, every person's post is changed, bar one.: Alistair Darling becomes Chancellor of the Exchequer, David Miliband becomes Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, and Jacqui Smith becomes the first female Secretary of State for the Home Department.: Alan Johnson takes Health, Jack Straw takes Justice and First Secretary of State, Hilary Benn takes Environment, Des Browne remains as Defence Secretary but also becomes Secretary of State for Scotland, and Ruth Kelly takes Transport.: Douglas Alexander takes Secretary of State for International Development; Peter Hain remains Secretary of State for Wales but also becomes Work and Pensions Secretary; Shaun Woodward becomes Northern Ireland Secretary; John Hutton takes Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform Secretary; Hazel Blears takes Communities Secretary and Minister for Equality; James Purnell takes Secretary of State for Children, Schools and Families; and Tessa Jowell becomes Minister for the Olympics and will only attend Cabinet when required.: Baroness Ashton becomes Leader of the House of Lords; Harriet Harman&mdash;Labour's deputy leader&mdash;becomes Leader of the House of Commons and Minister for Women; whilst Ed Balls becomes Children, Schools and Families Secretary. John Denham becomes Innovation, University and Skills Secretary; and Baroness Scotland becomes the new Attorney General of England and Wales. The Cabinet is set to change. ](/news/2007/06/28/premiership-of-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-in-a-major-cabinet-reshuffle-every-person-s-post-is-changed-bar-one-alistair-darling-be.md) _Context: Britain, Jack Straw_
8. [ Following significant Labour Party losses in the English local elections, British Prime Minister Tony Blair announces the largest Cabinet reshuffle of his tenure. The changes include sacking embattled Home Secretary Charles Clarke, the demotion of long-serving Foreign Secretary Jack Straw, and the stripping from Deputy Prime Minister John Prescott of his departmental portfolio. ](/news/2006/05/5/following-significant-labour-party-losses-in-the-english-local-elections-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-announces-the-largest-cabinet-r.md) _Context: Britain, Jack Straw_
9. [ The UK Prime Minister Tony Blair has apologised to Walter Wolfgang, an 82-year old Labour Party activist thrown out of the party's annual conference by stewards for heckling Jack Straw. He was controversially arrested under anti-terrorist legislation. ](/news/2005/09/29/the-uk-prime-minister-tony-blair-has-apologised-to-walter-wolfgang-an-82-year-old-labour-party-activist-thrown-out-of-the-party-s-annual-c.md) _Context: Britain, Jack Straw_
10. [ An 82-year-old British man was manhandled out of Labour Party Conference for loudly protesting that Jack Straw was lying about Britain's involvement with the Conflict in Iraq. ](/news/2005/09/28/an-82-year-old-british-man-was-manhandled-out-of-labour-party-conference-for-loudly-protesting-that-jack-straw-was-lying-about-britain-s-in.md) _Context: Britain, Jack Straw_
