### [2016-06-15](/news/2016/06/15/index.md)

# Israel announces plans for construction of a three-story residential building for Jewish settlers in a Palestinian neighborhood of East Jerusalem. 

Israeli municipal authorities on Wednesday approved the construction of a three-storey residential building for Jewish settlers in a Palestinian neighbourhood of East Jerusalem.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/israel-palestinians-settlements-idINKCN0Z11NJ)

### Related:

1. [Israel reveals plans to build 625 more homes in the Palestinian territories, close to East Jerusalem. ](/news/2010/12/1/israel-reveals-plans-to-build-625-more-homes-in-the-palestinian-territories-close-to-east-jerusalem.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Israel, Israeli settlement, Palestinian_
2. [Following the inauguration of Donald Trump as President of the United States, Israel approves the construction of 566 new settlement homes in East Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/01/22/following-the-inauguration-of-donald-trump-as-president-of-the-united-states-israel-approves-the-construction-of-566-new-settlement-homes-i.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Israel, Israeli settlement_
3. [UNESCO's executive board approves the "Occupied Palestine" resolution which reaffirms the cultural heritage of Palestine, especially East Jerusalem, and criticizes certain Israeli actions regarding the Palestinian territories. For the land in Jerusalem where the Al-Aqsa Mosque stands, the board uses only Islamic naming terms without also mentioning Jewish or Christian historical references. ](/news/2016/10/18/unesco-s-executive-board-approves-the-occupied-palestine-resolution-which-reaffirms-the-cultural-heritage-of-palestine-especially-east-je.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Israel, Palestinian_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Amnesty International has called on the Israeli government to investigate the poisoning of Palestinian land, allegedly by Israeli settlers around Hebron ](/news/2005/04/25/israeli-palestinian-conflict-amnesty-international-has-called-on-the-israeli-government-to-investigate-the-poisoning-of-palestinian-land.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli settlement, Palestinian_
5. [Israel passes the Regulation Law which retroactively legalizes 4,000 housing units in 16 settlements on Area C West Bank occupied Palestinian territories. ](/news/2017/02/6/israel-passes-the-regulation-law-which-retroactively-legalizes-4-000-housing-units-in-16-settlements-on-area-c-west-bank-occupied-palestinia.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
6. [Israeli security forces begin evicting people from the illegal Amona, Mateh Binyamin, outpost built on private Palestinian-owned land near Ramallah in the central West Bank. The Supreme Court ordered residents to leave the area last year. ](/news/2017/02/1/israeli-security-forces-begin-evicting-people-from-the-illegal-amona-mateh-binyamin-outpost-built-on-private-palestinian-owned-land-near-r.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
7. [Israel approves the construction of 2,500 more new settlement homes in the West Bank, the most in years and the second time new homes were approved since Donald Trump was inaugurated as President of the United States. ](/news/2017/01/24/israel-approves-the-construction-of-2-500-more-new-settlement-homes-in-the-west-bank-the-most-in-years-and-the-second-time-new-homes-were-a.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli settlement_
8. [The Palestinian National Authority threatens to revoke its recognition of Israel (guaranteed by their signing of the Oslo I Accord in 1993) if the United States, under the presidency of Donald Trump, moves its Embassy in Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/01/10/the-palestinian-national-authority-threatens-to-revoke-its-recognition-of-israel-guaranteed-by-their-signing-of-the-oslo-i-accord-in-1993.md) _Context: Israel, Israel-Palestine relations_
9. [ United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334 The United States Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power abstains from voting in a 14-0 Security Council decision condemning Israeli settlement of the Palestinian territories. ](/news/2016/12/23/united-nations-security-council-resolution-2334-pthe-united-states-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-samantha-power-abstains-from-voting-in.md) _Context: Israeli settlement, Palestinian_
10. [Israel temporarily bans all Palestinians from entering its territory until Sunday following the June 2016 Tel Aviv shooting. ](/news/2016/06/10/israel-temporarily-bans-all-palestinians-from-entering-its-territory-until-sunday-following-the-june-2016-tel-aviv-shooting.md) _Context: Israel, Israel-Palestine relations_
