### [2016-06-15](/news/2016/06/15/index.md)

# The father of  Cal State Long Beach student Nohemi Gonzalez, the only American killed in the November 13, 2015, Paris massacre, files suit in San Francisco, California, federal court against Twitter, Facebook, and Google, alleging the companies provided "material support" to the Islamic State and other extremist groups. While  generally free of liability under U.S. law  which  provides a legal ''safe harbor'' for content posted, this case targets  the behavior social media companies enable. The suit is very similar to a case brought against Twitter in January by the widow of a contractor killed in the November 9, 2015, attack in Jordan. 

Tamara Fields, whose husband Lloyd died in 9 November 2015 attack, accused Twitter of letting Islamic State use its network to spread propaganda


### Source:

1. [AP via ''San Francisco Chronicle](http://www.sfgate.com/business/technology/article/Father-of-Paris-attacks-victim-sues-social-media-8208997.php)
2. [Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3643640/Father-Paris-attack-victim-23-sues-Google-Facebook-Twitter-claiming-let-terrorism-spread.html)
3. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2016/jan/14/widow-american-killed-jordan-attack-sues-twitter-isis)

### Related:

1. [Russian warships launch cruise missiles from the Caspian Sea against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant positions in Syria's eastern Deir ez-Zor. Russian Defense Minister, Sergey Shoigu, reported over 600 terrorists were killed in the strikes. Video footage also emerged of Russian ground crew servicemen writing the words "For Paris" on bombs to be dropped on ISIL targets in a show of solidarity with France in the wake of the November 13 terror attacks that left 130 people dead in Paris. ](/news/2015/11/20/russian-warships-launch-cruise-missiles-from-the-caspian-sea-against-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-positions-in-syria-s-eastern-deir.md) _Context: ISIL, November 2015 Paris Attacks, Paris_
2. [The European Court of Justice decides an international agreement,  generally known as a Safe Harbor rule, used by thousands of companies for moving people's digital data between the European Union and the United States is invalid, effective immediately. The decision throws into doubt how global technology giants like Facebook, Amazon and Google can collect, manage, and analyze online information from their millions of users in the 28-member bloc. Decisions by this court, the highest legal authority in the EU, cannot be appealed. ](/news/2015/10/6/the-european-court-of-justice-decides-an-international-agreement-generally-known-as-a-safe-harbor-rule-used-by-thousands-of-companies-for.md) _Context: Facebook, Inc., Google, safe harbor_
3. [The perjury trial of U.S. baseball star Barry Bonds begins in federal court in San Francisco, California. ](/news/2011/03/21/the-perjury-trial-of-u-s-baseball-star-barry-bonds-begins-in-federal-court-in-san-francisco-california.md) _Context: California, San Francisco, federal court_
4. [2011 Egyptian protests:After the Egyptian government censorship of social media websites (such as Twitter, Facebook and Google), internet access and SMS networks are cut off in response to anti-government protests. ](/news/2011/01/28/2011-egyptian-protests-pafter-the-egyptian-government-censorship-of-social-media-websites-such-as-twitter-facebook-and-google-internet-a.md) _Context: Facebook, Inc., Google, tweets_
5. [California and San Francisco sue the United States Federal government over its opposition towards sanctuary cities. ](/news/2017/08/14/california-and-san-francisco-sue-the-united-states-federal-government-over-its-opposition-towards-sanctuary-cities.md) _Context: California, San Francisco_
6. [Facebook, Inc. announces that its social media service now has  2 billion regular users, more than a quarter of the world's population. Twitter, by comparison, has 328 million users as of April 2017. ](/news/2017/06/27/facebook-inc-announces-that-its-social-media-service-now-has-2-billion-regular-users-more-than-a-quarter-of-the-world-s-population-twit.md) _Context: Facebook, Inc., tweets_
7. [Four people, including the gunman, are dead, and six injured, after a man opens fire at people in a UPS building in the Potrero Hill neighborhood of San Francisco, California. ](/news/2017/06/14/four-people-including-the-gunman-are-dead-and-six-injured-after-a-man-opens-fire-at-people-in-a-ups-building-in-the-potrero-hill-neighbo.md) _Context: California, San Francisco_
8. [Uber suspends tests of its self-driving cars in San Francisco, California, after the California Department of Motor Vehicles revoked the registration of the vehicles in the state in response to two red-light violations. ](/news/2016/12/21/uber-suspends-tests-of-its-self-driving-cars-in-san-francisco-california-after-the-california-department-of-motor-vehicles-revoked-the-reg.md) _Context: California, San Francisco_
9. [Four police officers and one suspect have been killed following a raid on an apartment near Al-Karak in Jordan. Two more suspects have been arrested under suspicions of connections with Sunday's attack in the city by the Islamic State. ](/news/2016/12/20/four-police-officers-and-one-suspect-have-been-killed-following-a-raid-on-an-apartment-near-al-karak-in-jordan-two-more-suspects-have-been.md) _Context: ISIL, Jordan_
10. [ A U.S. airstrike in Al-Raqqah, Syria, kills four ISIL leaders, two of which were confirmed to have roles in the November 2015 Paris Attacks. ](/news/2016/12/14/a-u-s-airstrike-in-al-raqqah-syria-kills-four-isil-leaders-two-of-which-were-confirmed-to-have-roles-in-the-november-2015-paris-attacks.md) _Context: ISIL, November 2015 Paris Attacks_
