### [2016-06-15](/news/2016/06/15/index.md)

# United States Senator Chris Murphy (D-Conn) launches a filibuster on the Senate floor in an effort to pass gun control legislation in the wake of the 2016 Orlando nightclub shooting. 

A deal on legislation to ban gun sales to suspected terrorists still looks unlikely.


### Source:

1. [Politico](http://www.politico.com/story/2016/06/sen-chris-murphy-starts-talking-filibuster-over-gun-control-224369)

### Related:

1. [ Connecticut Senator Chris Murphy ends a nearly 15-hour filibuster after Republican Party leaders reportedly agree to allow votes on two proposed gun control measures. ](/news/2016/06/16/connecticut-senator-chris-murphy-ends-a-nearly-15-hour-filibuster-after-republican-party-leaders-reportedly-agree-to-allow-votes-on-two-pro.md) _Context: 2016 Orlando mass shooting, Chris Murphy, Senator Murphy gun control filibuster, United States Senate_
2. [A proposal to tighten gun control in the United States fails in a Senate vote. ](/news/2013/04/17/a-proposal-to-tighten-gun-control-in-the-united-states-fails-in-a-senate-vote.md) _Context: Gun politics in the United States, United States Senate_
3. [In the United States, Senator Rand Paul ends a 13-hour filibuster to block voting on the nomination of John O. Brennan as the Director of the CIA, questioning President Barack Obama and his administration's use of drones, and the stated legal justification for hypothetical lethal use within the United States targeting against noncombatants. Attorney General Eric Holder states that combat drones would not be used to target and kill, without due process, Americans not engaged in combat on American soil. ](/news/2013/03/7/in-the-united-states-senator-rand-paul-ends-a-13-hour-filibuster-to-block-voting-on-the-nomination-of-john-o-brennan-as-the-director-of-th.md) _Context: United States Senate, filibuster_
4. [Neil Gorsuch is confirmed as the 113th justice of the Supreme Court of the United States by a 54-45 vote in the United States Senate after invocation of the "nuclear option". ](/news/2017/04/7/neil-gorsuch-is-confirmed-as-the-113th-justice-of-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-by-a-54a45-vote-in-the-united-states-senate-after.md) _Context: United States Senate_
5. [An affiliate of the NRA sues California for alleged discrimination. ](/news/2017/04/25/an-affiliate-of-the-nra-sues-california-for-alleged-discrimination.md) _Context: Gun politics in the United States_
6. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _Context: United States Senate_
7. [The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-primaries-neurosurgeon-ben-carson-and-gover.md) _Context: United States Senate_
8. [The United States Senate, in a 52 to 47 vote, confirms the nomination of Jeff Sessions as United States Attorney General. ](/news/2017/02/8/the-united-states-senate-in-a-52-to-47-vote-confirms-the-nomination-of-jeff-sessions-as-united-states-attorney-general.md) _Context: United States Senate_
9. [The U.S. Senate confirms, via Vice President Mike Pence's unprecedented tie-breaking vote, Betsy DeVos as Secretary of Education.  ](/news/2017/02/7/the-u-s-senate-confirms-via-vice-president-mike-pence-s-unprecedented-tie-breaking-vote-betsy-devos-as-secretary-of-education.md) _Context: United States Senate_
10. [With a 52-46 vote, the U.S. Senate confirms Attorney General of Oklahoma Scott Pruitt as the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. Breaking with party lines, Republican Susan Collins opposed the nomination, while Democrats Heidi Heitkamp and Joe Manchin supported Pruitt, who has been described as a climate change denier with a history of criticizing the agency he now leads. ](/news/2017/02/17/with-a-52a46-vote-the-u-s-senate-confirms-attorney-general-of-oklahoma-scott-pruitt-as-the-administrator-of-the-environmental-protection.md) _Context: United States Senate_
