### [2016-06-15](/news/2016/06/15/index.md)

# Venezuelan police arrest at least 400 people in the city of Cumana after food riots and looting broke out yesterday. 

Venezuelan security forces have arrested at least 400 people after the latest bout of looting and food riots in the crisis-hit OPEC member country, local officials said on Wednesday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-venezuela-violence-idUSKCN0Z11WW)

### Related:

1. [Amid a state of emergency, Venezuelan police clash and fire tear gas at protesters calling for the downfall of socialist president Nicolas Maduro in central Caracas. The protests come a day after Maduro warned that the opposition-controlled National Assembly may soon "disappear". ](/news/2016/05/18/amid-a-state-of-emergency-venezuelan-police-clash-and-fire-tear-gas-at-protesters-calling-for-the-downfall-of-socialist-president-nicola-s.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests, Venezuelan police_
2. [Violence breaks out in the Venezuelan city of San Cristobal between students and police after a supreme court ruling curtailed the power of the opposition-controlled National Assembly to review government appointments of Supreme Court justices. ](/news/2016/03/3/violence-breaks-out-in-the-venezuelan-city-of-san-crista3bal-between-students-and-police-after-a-supreme-court-ruling-curtailed-the-power-of.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests, Venezuelan police_
3. [An unknown gunman shoots a Venezuelan police officer dead. Two other officers sustain injuries during protests against the Government of Venezuela. Approximately 120 Opposition supporters also sustain injuries during the protests. ](/news/2016/10/26/an-unknown-gunman-shoots-a-venezuelan-police-officer-dead-two-other-officers-sustain-injuries-during-protests-against-the-government-of-ven.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests_
4. [Venezuelan protests,  Venezuela's National Electoral Council says the opposition successfully met the one percent of voter signatures in every state requirement for a referendum to recall  President Nicolas Maduro. Council head Tibisay Lucena  did not name a date for the next phase of the referendum process: collect 20 percent of voters' signatures. ](/news/2016/08/1/venezuelan-protests-venezuela-s-national-electoral-council-says-the-opposition-successfully-met-the-one-percent-of-voter-signatures-in-eve.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests_
5. [Venezuelan opposition leaders say they have now secured enough signatures on a petition to move to the next stage in a recall referendum of President Nicolas Maduro. The process must now be validated by electoral officials. ](/news/2016/06/25/venezuelan-opposition-leaders-say-they-have-now-secured-enough-signatures-on-a-petition-to-move-to-the-next-stage-in-a-recall-referendum-of.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests_
6. [Per Venezuela's National Electoral Council's ruling, citizens  across the country queue up for  fingerprint validation of 1,850,000 signatures on referendum to recall President Nicolas Maduro. The opposition Democratic Unity Roundtable  must validate 197,000 signatures (1 percent of registered voters) by Friday, in this first step  of the recall referendum process. ](/news/2016/06/20/per-venezuela-s-national-electoral-council-s-ruling-citizens-across-the-country-queue-up-for-fingerprint-validation-of-1-850-000-signatur.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests_
7. [  The Venezuelan Army holds the biggest military exercise in its history, citing threats to national security, amidst opposition demands of a recall referendum on President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/05/21/the-venezuelan-army-holds-the-biggest-military-exercise-in-its-history-citing-threats-to-national-security-amidst-opposition-demands-of.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests_
8. [Protests erupt in various cities of Venezuela as the country faces increased food and power shortages, forcing the government to ration them, leading to widespread looting and violence. According to the opposition, who control the National Assembly, over a million people support its bid to start a referendum on ousting President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/04/29/protests-erupt-in-various-cities-of-venezuela-as-the-country-faces-increased-food-and-power-shortages-forcing-the-government-to-ration-them.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests_
9. [The opposition controlled National Assembly of Venezuela passes an amnesty bill that could potentially free over 70 opposition leaders and activists jailed during protests last year, including prominent leader Leopoldo Lopez. ](/news/2016/03/30/the-opposition-controlled-national-assembly-of-venezuela-passes-an-amnesty-bill-that-could-potentially-free-over-70-opposition-leaders-and-a.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests_
10. [Two police officers are killed and four others are wounded in the western Venezuelan city of San Cristobal after they were run over by a bus driven by young men protesting a hike in public transport fares, according to government officials and Reuters witnesses. ](/news/2016/03/29/two-police-officers-are-killed-and-four-others-are-wounded-in-the-western-venezuelan-city-of-san-crista3bal-after-they-were-run-over-by-a-bu.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests_
