### [2014-12-1](/news/2014/12/1/index.md)

# A search continues for 52 people missing from a South Korean fishing vessel, the ''Oriong-501'', that sank early in the morning in bad weather in the Bering Sea off Russia's Chukotka Autonomous Okrug. Eight people have been rescued including one person who subsequently died. 




### Source:

1. [Voice of America](http://www.voanews.com/content/reu-one-dead-dozens-missing-after-s-korean-vessel-sinks-off-russian-coast/2540761.html)

### Related:

1. [U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435|mi|km reaching an altitude of more than 1245|mi|km before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60|mi|km south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launched-a-test-missile-from-the-west-coast-city-of-kusong-the-projectile-travelle.md) _Context: Russia, South Korea_
2. [The carrier USS ''Ronald Reagan'', during a military exercise with South Korea  in the Sea of Japan's international waters, scrambled four fighter jets to intercept approaching Russian warplanes,  according to the U.S. Navy. IHS Jane's Defence Weekly said encounters such as these were common during the Cold War, subsided with its end but picked up again under current Russian President Vladimir Putin.  ](/news/2015/10/29/the-carrier-uss-ronald-reagan-during-a-military-exercise-with-south-korea-in-the-sea-of-japan-s-international-waters-scrambled-four-f.md) _Context: Russia, South Korea_
3. [2013 Korean crisis: North Korea declares it is in a state of war with South Korea, and will conduct any further dealings under "wartime regulations". Russia urges calm on both sides. North Korea threatens to shut down the industrial plant in Kaesong, on the border with South Korea. ](/news/2013/03/30/2013-korean-crisis-north-korea-declares-it-is-in-a-state-of-war-with-south-korea-and-will-conduct-any-further-dealings-under-wartime-regu.md) _Context: Russia, South Korea_
4. [South Korea develops a long-range cruise missile capable of striking North Korea, Japan, Russia and China. ](/news/2010/07/17/south-korea-develops-a-long-range-cruise-missile-capable-of-striking-north-korea-japan-russia-and-china.md) _Context: Russia, South Korea_
5. [ North Korea announces it is in the final stage of uranium enrichment, as Russia, South Korea, Japan and the United States express concern. ](/news/2009/09/4/north-korea-announces-it-is-in-the-final-stage-of-uranium-enrichment-as-russia-south-korea-japan-and-the-united-states-express-concern.md) _Context: Russia, South Korea_
6. [ Delegates arrive in Beijing for the resumption of six party talks on Wednesday involving North Korea, South Korea, China, Russia, Japan and the United States to discuss the second phase of a deal on North Korean nuclear disarmament. ](/news/2007/07/17/delegates-arrive-in-beijing-for-the-resumption-of-six-party-talks-on-wednesday-involving-north-korea-south-korea-china-russia-japan-and.md) _Context: Russia, South Korea_
7. [South Korea's National Police raid the headquarters of Korean Air as part of an investigation into embezzlement and breach of trust related to misappropriated funds alleged to have been used to fund construction at the residence of Korean Air Chairman Cho Yang-ho (father of Heather Cho, instigator of the "Nut rage incident" in 2014). The company's shares continue to drop. ](/news/2017/07/7/south-korea-s-national-police-raid-the-headquarters-of-korean-air-as-part-of-an-investigation-into-embezzlement-and-breach-of-trust-related.md) _Context: South Korea_
8. [North Korea launches an intercontinental ballistic missile that flies 620 miles horizontally in about 45 minutes, landing in the Sea of Japan, according to Japan, South Korea and the United States.  ](/news/2017/07/28/north-korea-launches-an-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-that-flies-620-miles-horizontally-in-about-45-minutes-landing-in-the-sea-of-japa.md) _Context: South Korea_
9. [The Russian air force bombards the city of Madan and Zor Shamr Camp, south and east of Raqqa, Syria, with cluster bombs, killing six civilians and wounding 19 others. Nearby Alburamadan town  was also struck; there are no reports of casualties. ](/news/2017/07/23/the-russian-air-force-bombards-the-city-of-madan-and-zor-shamr-camp-south-and-east-of-raqqa-syria-with-cluster-bombs-killing-six-civilia.md) _Context: Russia_
10. [Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and  North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea-both-chambers-of-the-u.md) _Context: Russia_
