### [2014-12-1](/news/2014/12/1/index.md)

# Former Polish prime minister Donald Tusk becomes the second full-time President of the European Union. 

EU Council chief Van Rompuy is ending his five-year term true to his nature, with no glam or pomp. But his legacy is significant, particularly in the eurozone crisis and its institutional follow-up.


### Source:

1. [EUobserver](http://euobserver.com/institutional/126725)

### Related:

1. [Aftermath of the United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016: President of the European Council Donald Tusk states that the UK could begin its formal process of withdrawing from the European Union early next year, after a meeting with Prime Minister Theresa May last week. ](/news/2016/09/17/aftermath-of-the-united-kingdom-european-union-membership-referendum-2016-president-of-the-european-council-donald-tusk-states-that-the-uk.md) _Context: Donald Tusk, President of the European Council_
2. [European migrant crisis: German Chancellor Angela Merkel, European Council President Donald Tusk, and European Commission Vice-President Frans Timmermans meet with Syrian refugees at a camp in the southeastern Turkish town of Nizip prior to talks with a delegation led by Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu. Davutoglu stresses the importance of implementation of European Union visa liberalization for Turkish citizens in assuring the success of Europe's migrant readmission agreement with his country. Tusk announces that the EU will spend 1 billion euros ($1.1 billion) this summer on projects to improve the lives of Syrian migrants. ](/news/2016/04/23/european-migrant-crisis-german-chancellor-angela-merkel-european-council-president-donald-tusk-and-european-commission-vice-president-fra.md) _Context: Donald Tusk, President of the European Council_
3. [European migrant crisis: European Union president Donald Tusk and Swedish Prime Minister Stefan Lofven, in a joint news conference, announce Sweden will ask to transfer some migrants to other European countries under an EU relocation plan. Sweden has taken the highest number of asylum-seekers per capita in the 28-member bloc. ](/news/2015/11/4/european-migrant-crisis-european-union-president-donald-tusk-and-swedish-prime-minister-stefan-lapfva-c-n-in-a-joint-news-conference-announ.md) _Context: Donald Tusk, President of the European Council_
4. [Donald Tusk, the Prime Minister of Poland, is chosen as the President of the European Council, while Federica Mogherini is chosen as the High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy. ](/news/2014/08/30/donald-tusk-the-prime-minister-of-poland-is-chosen-as-the-president-of-the-european-council-while-federica-mogherini-is-chosen-as-the-hig.md) _Context: Donald Tusk, President of the European Council_
5. [Poland's parliamentary speaker, Radoslaw Sikorski, says that Russian President Vladimir Putin proposed to Poland's then leader Donald Tusk in 2008 that they divide Ukraine between themselves. Sikorski later retracted the claim stating he had "mis-remembered". ](/news/2014/10/21/poland-s-parliamentary-speaker-radoslaw-sikorski-says-that-russian-president-vladimir-putin-proposed-to-poland-s-then-leader-donald-tusk-i.md) _Context: Donald Tusk_
6. [Prime Minister of Poland Donald Tusk is hospitalized with an acute infection of the respiratory tract. ](/news/2013/01/24/prime-minister-of-poland-donald-tusk-is-hospitalized-with-an-acute-infection-of-the-respiratory-tract.md) _Context: Donald Tusk_
7. [European Union summit:: European Union leaders meet to discuss Europe's economic problems and to reappoint Herman Van Rompuy as the President of the European Council. ](/news/2012/03/1/european-union-summit-european-union-leaders-meet-to-discuss-europe-s-economic-problems-and-to-reappoint-herman-van-rompuy-as-the-presiden.md) _Context: President of the European Council_
8. [Voters in Poland go to the polls for a parliamentary election, with Prime Minister Donald Tusk's Civic Platform - Polish People's Party coalition becoming the first government to be reelected since Poland transitioned to democracy in 1989. ](/news/2011/10/9/voters-in-poland-go-to-the-polls-for-a-parliamentary-election-with-prime-minister-donald-tusk-s-civic-platform-polish-people-s-party-co.md) _Context: Donald Tusk_
9. [ European Union / Three new positions created by the Treaty of Lisbon:: The Prime Minister of Belgium, Herman Van Rompuy, is chosen as the first permanent President of the European Council by European Union leaders. ](/news/2009/11/19/european-union-three-new-positions-created-by-the-treaty-of-lisbon-the-prime-minister-of-belgium-herman-van-rompuy-is-chosen-as-the-f.md) _Context: President of the European Council_
10. [ Presidency of the European Council:: Tony Blair's former chief-of-staff, Jonathan Powell, has been touring European capital cities, including Brussels, Paris and Prague, in an undercover move to make him the first President of the European Council. Blair is supported by French President Nicolas Sarkozy and German Chancellor Angela Merkel. ](/news/2009/10/3/presidency-of-the-european-council-tony-blair-s-former-chief-of-staff-jonathan-powell-has-been-touring-european-capital-cities-includi.md) _Context: President of the European Council_
