### [2002-03-23](/news/2002/03/23/index.md)

# Two million to three million trade union members rally in Rome in protest both of labor legislation filed by Prime Minister of Italy Silvio Berlusconi and of the assassination of Marco Biagi, an advisor to the Labor Minister, by the re-formed Red Brigades.  Labor leaders threaten a general strike if the legislation is passed.




### Related:

1. [Hundreds of thousands of people attend a rally in support of Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi in Rome ahead of this month's elections. ](/news/2010/03/20/hundreds-of-thousands-of-people-attend-a-rally-in-support-of-italian-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-in-rome-ahead-of-this-month-s-election.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister, Rome, Silvio Berlusconi_
2. [An Italian court orders former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi to stand trial on April 4 on charges of allegedly bribing witnesses with EUR10 million (US$11 million) in order to silence them over accusations he paid for sex with young women. ](/news/2017/01/28/an-italian-court-orders-former-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-to-stand-trial-on-april-4-on-charges-of-allegedly-bribing-witnesses-with-a.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister, Silvio Berlusconi_
3. [Former Prime Minister of Italy Silvio Berlusconi is sentenced to 1 year of community service for his conviction of tax fraud. ](/news/2014/04/15/former-prime-minister-of-italy-silvio-berlusconi-is-sentenced-to-1-year-of-community-service-for-his-conviction-of-tax-fraud.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister, Silvio Berlusconi_
4. [Italy's top court confirms that former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi will serve a prison sentence for a tax fraud conviction. ](/news/2013/08/1/italy-s-top-court-confirms-that-former-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-will-serve-a-prison-sentence-for-a-tax-fraud-conviction.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister, Silvio Berlusconi_
5. [An Italian court rejects an appeal by former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi against his conviction for tax fraud. ](/news/2013/06/19/an-italian-court-rejects-an-appeal-by-former-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-against-his-conviction-for-tax-fraud.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister, Silvio Berlusconi_
6. [An Italian appeals court upholds the conviction of former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi on tax fraud and sentences him to four years in prison. ](/news/2013/05/8/an-italian-appeals-court-upholds-the-conviction-of-former-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-on-tax-fraud-and-sentences-him-to-four-years-in-p.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister, Silvio Berlusconi_
7. [Seven-time Prime Minister of Italy Giulio Andreotti dies in Rome at the age of 94 years. ](/news/2013/05/6/seven-time-prime-minister-of-italy-giulio-andreotti-dies-in-rome-at-the-age-of-94-years.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister, Rome_
8. [Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi is convicted of arranging an illegal wiretap and is sentenced to a year in jail. ](/news/2013/03/7/former-italian-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-is-convicted-of-arranging-an-illegal-wiretap-and-is-sentenced-to-a-year-in-jail.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister, Silvio Berlusconi_
9. [Roberto Maroni announces that an electoral pact signed between his Lega Nord party and Silvio Berlusconi's People of Freedom party explicitly rules out Berlusconi assuming the Prime Minister of Italy position again. ](/news/2013/01/8/roberto-maroni-announces-that-an-electoral-pact-signed-between-his-lega-nord-party-and-silvio-berlusconi-s-people-of-freedom-party-explicitl.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister, Silvio Berlusconi_
10. [Trade unions in Greece call a general strike in protest against continuing austerity measures. ](/news/2012/09/26/trade-unions-in-greece-call-a-general-strike-in-protest-against-continuing-austerity-measures.md) _Context: general strike, unionize_
