### [1999-02-16](/news/1999/02/16/index.md)

#  Across Europe, Kurdish rebels take over embassies and hold hostages after Turkey arrested one of their rebel leaders, Abdullah calan.




### Related:

1. [ The European Court of Human Rights rules that Turkey's 1999 trial of Kurdish leader Abdullah calan was not fair. ](/news/2005/05/12/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-turkey-s-1999-trial-of-kurdish-leader-abdullah-ocalan-was-not-fair.md) _Context: Abdullah calan, Kurd, Turkey_
2. [ The European Court of Human Rights rules that the Turkish trial of Kurdish leader Abdullah calan was not fair.](/news/2003/03/12/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-the-turkish-trial-of-kurdish-leader-abdullah-ocalan-was-not-fair.md) _Context: Abdullah calan, Kurd, Turkey_
3. [ Kurdish rebel leader Abdullah calan is charged with treason in Ankara, Turkey.](/news/1999/02/23/kurdish-rebel-leader-abdullah-ocalan-is-charged-with-treason-in-ankara-turkey.md) _Context: Abdullah calan, Kurd, Turkey_
4. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan threatens to open Turkey's borders to allow refugees and migrants to reach Europe after the European Parliament votes to temporarily freeze talks of Turkey's accession to the EU. ](/news/2016/11/25/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-threatens-to-open-turkey-s-borders-to-allow-refugees-and-migrants-to-reach-europe-after-the-european.md) _Context: Europe, Turkey_
5. [Police in northern Greece move more than 400 Syrians and Iraqis by bus from a makeshift camp near the Macedonian border to a shelter near the northern city of Thessaloniki. More than 50,000 migrants remain stranded in Greece following European border closures, and the European Union's agreement with Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/13/police-in-northern-greece-move-more-than-400-syrians-and-iraqis-by-bus-from-a-makeshift-camp-near-the-macedonian-border-to-a-shelter-near-th.md) _Context: Europe, Turkey_
6. [A car bomb injures at least nine people, three in serious condition, in the mainly-Kurdish southeast region in Turkey's Tunceli Province. The explosion occurred close to housing for courthouse employees in the town of Ovacik. There is no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/06/13/a-car-bomb-injures-at-least-nine-people-three-in-serious-condition-in-the-mainly-kurdish-southeast-region-in-turkey-s-tunceli-province-th.md) _Context: Kurd, Turkey_
7. [Kurdish-led fighters completely encircle the ISIL-held town of Manbij, near the Turkish border, while Syrian forces move closer to ISIL's de facto capital, Raqqa. ](/news/2016/06/10/kurdish-led-fighters-completely-encircle-the-isil-held-town-of-manbij-near-the-turkish-border-while-syrian-forces-move-closer-to-isil-s-de.md) _Context: Kurd, Turkey_
8. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports that at least 50 United States military instructors have deployed to northern Syria from Turkey and Iraq to train Kurdish forces ahead of an assault on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah. ](/news/2015/11/30/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-that-at-least-50-united-states-military-instructors-have-deployed-to-northern-syria-from-tur.md) _Context: Kurd, Turkey_
9. [More than a dozen alleged ISIS-linked, terrorist members of Rawti Shax, a European offshoot of the Iraqi Kurdish jihadist network Ansar al-Islam, are arrested in a coordinated, multi-nation sweep by police across Europe. The operation dismantled an integrated cell in Italy, the United Kingdom, Norway, Finland, Switzerland, and Germany. The group is accused of radicalizing fighters, planning attacks targeting Norwegian and British diplomats in the Middle East, and planning to establish a caliphate in Iraq's Kurdistan region. ](/news/2015/11/12/more-than-a-dozen-alleged-isis-linked-terrorist-members-of-rawti-shax-a-european-offshoot-of-the-iraqi-kurdish-jihadist-network-ansar-al-i.md) _Context: Europe, Kurd_
10. [Greek prime minister Alexis Tsipras lashes out at European "ineptness" in handling the continent's massive immigration crisis. The Associated Press reports 31 more people -- mostly children -- drowned in shipwrecks in the Mediterranean Sea near the islands of Kalymnos and Rhodes. Turkey's state-run agency says four children drowned and two others are missing after two new accidents with boats headed to Greece's Lesbos and Samos islands. The death toll in the Aegean Sea over the past three days is at least 50. The Greek coast guard says they rescued 600 people in the past 24 hours, while thousands more made it safely from Turkey to Greece's southeastern islands. ](/news/2015/10/30/greek-prime-minister-alexis-tsipras-lashes-out-at-european-ineptness-in-handling-the-continent-s-massive-immigration-crisis-the-associate.md) _Context: Europe, Turkey_
