### [1999-02-16](/news/1999/02/16/index.md)

#  In Jasper, Texas, testimony begins in the trial of John William King who is accused of dragging African American James Byrd Jr. to death in an apparent hate crime. King was later convicted and sentenced to the death penalty.




### Related:

1. [ In Laramie, Wyoming, Russell Henderson pleads guilty to kidnapping and felony murder in order to avoid a possible death penalty conviction for the apparent hate crime killing of Matthew Shepard](/news/1999/04/5/in-laramie-wyoming-russell-henderson-pleads-guilty-to-kidnapping-and-felony-murder-in-order-to-avoid-a-possible-death-penalty-conviction.md) _Context: death penalty, hate crime_
2. [Two African-American men are killed in separate incidents near Baton Rouge, Louisiana, and a third home is shot at in what local and federal officials call racially-motivated crimes. A local man is arrested on suspicion of the murders. ](/news/2017/09/19/two-african-american-men-are-killed-in-separate-incidents-near-baton-rouge-louisiana-and-a-third-home-is-shot-at-in-what-local-and-federal.md) _Context: African-American_
3. [In an apparent hate crime, an Indian engineer is shot dead and another injured in Olathe, Kansas. ](/news/2017/02/22/in-an-apparent-hate-crime-an-indian-engineer-is-shot-dead-and-another-injured-in-olathe-kansas.md) _Context: hate crime_
4. [Chicago Police arrest four African-American suspects after they stream a video on Facebook showing themselves torturing and scalping a bound and gagged, kidnapped, white man with a mental disorder. The four suspects will face elevated hate crime charges. ](/news/2017/01/4/chicago-police-arrest-four-african-american-suspects-after-they-stream-a-video-on-facebook-showing-themselves-torturing-and-scalping-a-bound.md) _Context: African-American_
5. [Loretta Lynch, the Attorney General of the United States, advises that the US government will seek the death penalty against Dylann Roof accused of conducting the 2015 Charleston massacre. ](/news/2016/05/24/loretta-lynch-the-attorney-general-of-the-united-states-advises-that-the-us-government-will-seek-the-death-penalty-against-dylann-roof-acc.md) _Context: death penalty_
6. [The Mexican government approves the extradition of drug boss Joaquin Guzman to the United States following assurances that he will not face the death penalty. ](/news/2016/05/20/the-mexican-government-approves-the-extradition-of-drug-boss-joaquan-guzma-n-to-the-united-states-following-assurances-that-he-will-not-fac.md) _Context: death penalty_
7. [Dylann Roof, the suspect in the murder of nine people in the American city of Charleston, South Carolina, is indicted on dozens of federal offenses including hate crimes. ](/news/2015/07/22/dylann-roof-the-suspect-in-the-murder-of-nine-people-in-the-american-city-of-charleston-south-carolina-is-indicted-on-dozens-of-federal-o.md) _Context: hate crime_
8. [An Indonesian court rejects Andrew Chan's and Myuran Sukumaran's appeal against the President of Indonesia Joko Widodo's refusal to grant them clemency against the death penalty as organisers of the Bali Nine plot to smuggle heroin to Australia in 2005. ](/news/2015/04/6/an-indonesian-court-rejects-andrew-chan-s-and-myuran-sukumaran-s-appeal-against-the-president-of-indonesia-joko-widodo-s-refusal-to-grant-th.md) _Context: death penalty_
9. [The United States Senate confirms Loretta Lynch as the Attorney General of the United States. Lynch will be the first African-American woman to hold the position. ](/news/2015/04/23/the-united-states-senate-confirms-loretta-lynch-as-the-attorney-general-of-the-united-states-lynch-will-be-the-first-african-american-woman.md) _Context: African-American_
10. [Pakistan lifts a moratorium on the death penalty for terrorism, months after reinstating it. ](/news/2015/03/10/pakistan-lifts-a-moratorium-on-the-death-penalty-for-terrorism-months-after-reinstating-it.md) _Context: death penalty_
