### [2002-12-26](/news/2002/12/26/index.md)

# North Korea is reactivating a plutonium producing nuclear power plant north of Pyongyang after removing United Nations seals on the reactor and degrading the capability of surveillance cameras. This same reactor is thought by U.S. officials as the source for plutonium for two previously produced atomic bombs. North Korea has been named by the George W. Bush Administration as part of the so-called "axis of evil".




### Related:

1. [ North Korea claims to "have already processed" 8,000 fuel rods from its Yongbyon nuclear reactor north of Pyongyang and is using the plutonium extracted during the process to make atomic bombs to boost its nuclear capabilities for nuclear deterrent force. Citing a "hostile policy" by the United States, Vice Foreign Minister Choe Su Hon states this is a means to safeguard the country's territory.](/news/2003/10/2/north-korea-claims-to-have-already-processed-8-000-fuel-rods-from-its-yongbyon-nuclear-reactor-north-of-pyongyang-and-is-using-the-pluton.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang, atomic bomb, plutonium_
2. [The Philippines impounds a North Korean cargo ship in line with new UN sanctions on North Korea in response to Pyongyang's recent nuclear test and missile launch. Presidential spokesman, Manolo Quezon, said the 6,830-tonne cargo ship would not be allowed to leave the Port of Subic, Luzon, where it has been docked for three days, and that its crew would be deported. ](/news/2016/03/5/the-philippines-impounds-a-north-korean-cargo-ship-in-line-with-new-un-sanctions-on-north-korea-in-response-to-pyongyang-s-recent-nuclear-te.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang, United Nations_
3. [ North Korea crisis: The United States says it is willing to give North Korea security assurances in exchange for a nuclear standdown. U.S. President Bush rules out a non-aggression treaty demanded by Pyongyang.](/news/2003/10/19/north-korea-crisis-the-united-states-says-it-is-willing-to-give-north-korea-security-assurances-in-exchange-for-a-nuclear-standdown-u-s.md) _Context: George W. Bush, North Korea, Pyongyang_
4. [Air China suspends all flights to North Korea's capital Pyongyang amid rising tensions between North Korea and the United States. ](/news/2017/04/14/air-china-suspends-all-flights-to-north-korea-s-capital-pyongyang-amid-rising-tensions-between-north-korea-and-the-united-states.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang_
5. [The United Nations estimates that the death toll from severe flooding in North Korea reaches 133 with another 395 missing and tens of thousands homeless. ](/news/2016/09/12/the-united-nations-estimates-that-the-death-toll-from-severe-flooding-in-north-korea-reaches-133-with-another-395-missing-and-tens-of-thousa.md) _Context: North Korea, United Nations_
6. [ North Korea accuses South Korea of kidnapping its citizens and demands their immediate return after Seoul's Ministry of Unification said 13 of them had defected to South Korea from China, where they worked in a Pyongyang-operated restaurant. China says that the 13 people, a male manager and 12 young female employees, had legitimate passports and had freely exited China. ](/news/2016/04/12/north-korea-accuses-south-korea-of-kidnapping-its-citizens-and-demands-their-immediate-return-after-seoul-s-ministry-of-unification-said-13.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang_
7. [North Korea threatens a pre-emptive nuclear strike against South Korea and the United States in response to the two nations' annual joint military exercise which Pyongyang considers is a pretext for an invasion. ](/news/2016/03/6/north-korea-threatens-a-pre-emptive-nuclear-strike-against-south-korea-and-the-united-states-in-response-to-the-two-nations-annual-joint-mi.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang_
8. [North Korea's all-female Moranbong Band, which was formed by leader Kim Jong-un, surprisingly cancels tonight's concert at Beijing's National Centre for the Performing Arts, and two others and returns to Pyongyang. Rumors for the sudden change abound, but no reason has been given. The sudden cancellation could hurt Chinese-North Korean relations, cooler since between Kim assumed power in 2011. ](/news/2015/12/12/north-korea-s-all-female-moranbong-band-which-was-formed-by-leader-kim-jong-un-surprisingly-cancels-tonight-s-concert-at-beijing-s-nationa.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang_
9. [North Korea holds a massive military parade in its capital, Pyongyang, to celebrate the 70th anniversary of Workers' Party of Korea rule in the country. Liu Yunshan, the highest-ranking Chinese official to visit North Korea in three years, attends the parade. ](/news/2015/10/10/north-korea-holds-a-massive-military-parade-in-its-capital-pyongyang-to-celebrate-the-70th-anniversary-of-workers-party-of-korea-rule-in.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang_
10. [North Korea runs a campaign to fight water drought, which according to United Nations is the worst within the past 100 years. ](/news/2015/06/17/north-korea-runs-a-campaign-to-fight-water-drought-which-according-to-united-nations-is-the-worst-within-the-past-100-years.md) _Context: North Korea, United Nations_
