### [2002-12-26](/news/2002/12/26/index.md)

# War on Terror: A ''Washington Post'' article quotes numerous anonymous CIA agents who confirm that the Central Intelligence Agency of the United States uses so-called "stress and duress" interrogation techniques, which are claimed by human rights activists to be acts of torture. The anonymous agents defend the practice as necessary in light of the September 11 terrorist attacks; publicly, US government officials deny the charges, while declining to address specifics.  Privately, however, one official justified human rights violations as being a necessary part of the job.  




### Related:

1. [Defense lawyers say the United States continues to block the release of 116 pages of the lawyers' notes detailing the torture that Guantanimo Bay prisoner Abu Zubaydah says he experienced in CIA custody.  Zubaydah has yet to be charged with any crime despite being held since 2002. ](/news/2015/09/11/defense-lawyers-say-the-united-states-continues-to-block-the-release-of-116-pages-of-the-lawyers-notes-detailing-the-torture-that-guantanim.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, torture_
2. [Iraq War:''Time'' reports that a Federal Grand Jury is investigating claims of war crimes and torture by the US Central Intelligence Agency at Iraq's Abu Ghraib prison in 2003. ](/news/2011/06/14/iraq-war-p-time-reports-that-a-federal-grand-jury-is-investigating-claims-of-war-crimes-and-torture-by-the-us-central-intelligence-agency.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, torture_
3. [ A recently released Iranian diplomat claims that he was tortured by the CIA while in captivity in Iraq. ](/news/2007/04/7/a-recently-released-iranian-diplomat-claims-that-he-was-tortured-by-the-cia-while-in-captivity-in-iraq.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, torture_
4. [ Extraordinary renditions. The Bundesnachrichtendienst (German intelligence agency) declares that it had known of Khalid El-Masri's seizure 16 months before Germany was officially informed of his mistaken arrest in the name of the War on Terror. Germany had previously claimed that it did not know of el-Masri's abduction by the CIA and his stay in the Salt Pit in Afghanistan until his return to the country in May 2004 ](/news/2006/06/1/extraordinary-renditions-the-bundesnachrichtendienst-german-intelligence-agency-declares-that-it-had-known-of-khalid-el-masri-s-seizure.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, War on Terror_
5. [ War on Terror: Democrat Jane Harman, the ranking member of the U.S. House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, announces she is planning to introduce a bill to ban torture by U.S. interrogators and bar transfers of detainees to countries that engage in torture. ](/news/2005/02/9/war-on-terror-democrat-jane-harman-the-ranking-member-of-the-u-s-house-permanent-select-committee-on-intelligence-announces-she-is-plan.md) _Context: War on Terror, torture_
6. [ The Washington Post alleges that the Pentagon is running a military organization known as the Strategic Support Branch which is under the direct control of U.S. Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld. Allegedly it is used to bypass the limitations of working with the Central Intelligence Agency. The Pentagon stated "There is no unit that is directly reportable to the secretary of defense for clandestine operations" and the department "is not attempting to 'bend' statutes to fit desired activities". ](/news/2005/01/22/the-washington-post-alleges-that-the-pentagon-is-running-a-military-organization-known-as-the-strategic-support-branch-which-is-under-the-d.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, Washington Post_
7. [WikiLeaks releases thousands of documents that it claims provides details of surveillance software used by the United States Central Intelligence Agency. ](/news/2017/03/7/wikileaks-releases-thousands-of-documents-that-it-claims-provides-details-of-surveillance-software-used-by-the-united-states-central-intelli.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency_
8. [The Kremlin arrests four people, Kaspersky Lab's  Ruslan Stoyanov, and  three officials in the Federal Security Service (FSB previously KGB) Center for Information Security, reportedly on treason charges for passing information to  America's CIA. ](/news/2017/01/31/the-kremlin-arrests-four-people-kaspersky-lab-s-ruslan-stoyanov-and-three-officials-in-the-federal-security-service-fsb-previously-kgb.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency_
9. [Female victims of the martial law dictatorship of Ferdinand Marcos speak at the Philippine Supreme Court about how they endured torture during Marcos' regime. ](/news/2016/09/1/female-victims-of-the-martial-law-dictatorship-of-ferdinand-marcos-speak-at-the-philippine-supreme-court-about-how-they-endured-torture-duri.md) _Context: torture_
10. [In a report by Amnesty International, the group documents findings of Egyptian officials forcibly making hundreds of people disappear and face torture in the past year in an attempt to crack down on dissent in the country. ](/news/2016/07/13/in-a-report-by-amnesty-international-the-group-documents-findings-of-egyptian-officials-forcibly-making-hundreds-of-people-disappear-and-fa.md) _Context: torture_
