
Formats: [HTML](/news/2002/12/26/war-on-terror-a-washington-post-article-quotes-numerous-anonymous-cia-agents-who-confirm-that-the-central-intelligence-agency-of-the-unit.html)  [JSON](/news/2002/12/26/war-on-terror-a-washington-post-article-quotes-numerous-anonymous-cia-agents-who-confirm-that-the-central-intelligence-agency-of-the-unit.json)  [XML](/news/2002/12/26/war-on-terror-a-washington-post-article-quotes-numerous-anonymous-cia-agents-who-confirm-that-the-central-intelligence-agency-of-the-unit.xml)  

### [2002-12-26](/news/2002/12/26/index.md)

##### War on Terror
# War on Terror: A "Washington Post" article quotes numerous anonymous CIA agents who confirm that the Central Intelligence Agency of the United States uses so-called "stress and duress" interrogation techniques, which are claimed by human rights activists to be acts of torture. The anonymous agents defend the practice as necessary in light of the September 11 terrorist attacks; publicly, US government officials deny the charges, while declining to address specifics. Privately, however, one official justified human rights violations as being a necessary part of the job. 




### Changes:

1. [War on Terror: A ''Washington Post'' article quotes numerous anonymous CIA agents who confirm that the Central Intelligence Agency of the United States uses so-called "stress and duress" interrogation techniques, which are claimed by human rights activists to be acts of torture. The anonymous agents defend the practice as necessary in light of the September 11 terrorist attacks; publicly, US government officials deny the charges, while declining to address specifics. Privately, however, one official justified human rights violations as being a necessary part of the job. ](/news/2002/12/26/war-on-terror-a-washington-post-article-quotes-numerous-anonymous-cia-agents-who-confirm-that-the-central-intelligence-agency-of-the-un.md) _2017-08-25 03:15:18 (First version)_
1. [War on Terror: A "Washington Post" article quotes numerous anonymous CIA agents who confirm that the Central Intelligence Agency of the United States uses so-called "stress and duress" interrogation techniques, which are claimed by human rights activists to be acts of torture. The anonymous agents defend the practice as necessary in light of the September 11 terrorist attacks; publicly, US government officials deny the charges, while declining to address specifics. Privately, however, one official justified human rights violations as being a necessary part of the job. ](/news/2002/12/26/war-on-terror-a-washington-post-article-quotes-numerous-anonymous-cia-agents-who-confirm-that-the-central-intelligence-agency-of-the-unit.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [Defense lawyers say the United States continues to block the release of 116 pages of the lawyers' notes detailing the torture that Guantanimo Bay prisoner Abu Zubaydah says he experienced in CIA custody. Zubaydah has yet to be charged with any crime despite being held since 2002. ](/news/2015/09/11/defense-lawyers-say-the-united-states-continues-to-block-the-release-of-116-pages-of-the-lawyers-notes-detailing-the-torture-that-guantanim.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, torture_
2. ["Time" reports that a Federal Grand Jury is investigating claims of war crimes and torture by the US Central Intelligence Agency at Iraq's Abu Ghraib prison in 2003. ](/news/2011/06/14/time-reports-that-a-federal-grand-jury-is-investigating-claims-of-war-crimes-and-torture-by-the-us-central-intelligence-agency-at-iraq-s-a.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, torture_
3. [ A recently released Iranian diplomat claims that he was tortured by the CIA while in captivity in Iraq. ](/news/2007/04/7/a-recently-released-iranian-diplomat-claims-that-he-was-tortured-by-the-cia-while-in-captivity-in-iraq.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, torture_
4. [ Extraordinary renditions. The Bundesnachrichtendienst (German intelligence agency) declares that it had known of Khalid El-Masri's seizure 16 months before Germany was officially informed of his mistaken arrest in the name of the War on Terror. Germany had previously claimed that it did not know of el-Masri's abduction by the CIA and his stay in the Salt Pit in Afghanistan until his return to the country in May 2004 ](/news/2006/06/1/extraordinary-renditions-the-bundesnachrichtendienst-german-intelligence-agency-declares-that-it-had-known-of-khalid-el-masri-s-seizure.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, War on Terror_
5. [ War on Terror: Democrat Jane Harman, the ranking member of the U.S. House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, announces she is planning to introduce a bill to ban torture by U.S. interrogators and bar transfers of detainees to countries that engage in torture. ](/news/2005/02/9/war-on-terror-democrat-jane-harman-the-ranking-member-of-the-u-s-house-permanent-select-committee-on-intelligence-announces-she-is-plan.md) _Context: War on Terror, torture_
