### [2014-02-25](/news/2014/02/25/index.md)

# Islamist insurgency in Nigeria:Boko Haram Islamists kill 59 students in an attack on the Federal Government College in the town of Buni Yadi in Yobe State. 

Gunmen from Islamist group Boko Haram shot or burned to death 59 pupils in a boarding school in northeast Nigeria overnight, a hospital official and security forces said on Tuesday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/2014/02/25/uk-nigeria-violence-idUKBREA1O1IO20140225)
2. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/story/1217121/sleeping-students-killed-by-boko-haram)

### Related:

1. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria:Islamist terror group Boko Haram kills at least 33 security personnel during attacks in Nigeria's northeastern Yobe State.  ](/news/2014/05/26/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-pislamist-terror-group-boko-haram-kills-at-least-33-security-personnel-during-attacks-in-nigeria-s-northeaste.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria, Yobe State_
2. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria:Gunmen from the Nigerian Islamist group Boko Haram kill 42 people, mostly students, in an attack on a college in the town of Gujba, Yobe State. ](/news/2013/09/29/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-pgunmen-from-the-nigerian-islamist-group-boko-haram-kill-42-people-mostly-students-in-an-attack-on-a-colleg.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria, Yobe State_
3. [Three suicide bombers at Lake Chad kill at least 30 people and injure at least 80 others. Three women carried out the attack at a weekly market on an island on the Chadian side of the lake. No group claims responsibility; officials suspect the attacks were carried out by members of the Boko Haram militant group from neighboring Nigeria. ](/news/2015/12/5/three-suicide-bombers-at-lake-chad-kill-at-least-30-people-and-injure-at-least-80-others-three-women-carried-out-the-attack-at-a-weekly-mar.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria_
4. [More than 1 million children have been forced out of school as a result of Boko Haram terrorism in northeastern Nigeria and its neighboring countries, which leaves the children more susceptible to violence, poverty and child marriage,  Manuel Fontaine, UNICEF's West and Central Africa regional director, said in a statement. ](/news/2015/12/22/more-than-1-million-children-have-been-forced-out-of-school-as-a-result-of-boko-haram-terrorism-in-northeastern-nigeria-and-its-neighboring.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria_
5. [Cameroon's army, backed by a regional taskforce, has killed at least 100 members of the militant Islamist Boko Haram group and freed 900 people it had held hostage, the west African country's defence ministry has said. Regional taskforce conducts sweep along border with Nigeria. ](/news/2015/12/2/cameroonas-army-backed-by-a-regional-taskforce-has-killed-at-least-100-members-of-the-militant-islamist-boko-haram-group-and-freed-900-p.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria_
6. [At least 30 people are killed after Boko Haram militants attack three villages in Nigeria's northeast Borno state. ](/news/2015/12/15/at-least-30-people-are-killed-after-boko-haram-militants-attack-three-villages-in-nigeria-s-northeast-borno-state.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria_
7. [A suicide bomber attacks a church in  the Potiskum area of Nigeria's Yobe State, killing five and raising the toll of Boko Haram attacks for the past week to 200. ](/news/2015/07/5/a-suicide-bomber-attacks-a-church-in-the-potiskum-area-of-nigeria-s-yobe-state-killing-five-and-raising-the-toll-of-boko-haram-attacks-for.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Yobe State_
8. [Nigeria postpones its general election for six weeks to allow its armed forces to take control of the Boko Haram-controlled parts of the country. ](/news/2015/02/7/nigeria-postpones-its-general-election-for-six-weeks-to-allow-its-armed-forces-to-take-control-of-the-boko-haram-controlled-parts-of-the-cou.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria_
9. [Boko Haram militants attack a bus in Waza, Cameroon, killing eleven people and injuring six. ](/news/2015/01/2/boko-haram-militants-attack-a-bus-in-waza-cameroon-killing-eleven-people-and-injuring-six.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria_
10. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria:Following the January 16 Chad authorities decision to send troops to Nigeria and Cameroon to fight Boko Haram militants, the Russian ambassador to the country pledges to supply Cameroon with more modern weapons to combat the Islamist insurgents. ](/news/2015/01/17/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-pfollowing-the-january-16-chad-authorities-decision-to-send-troops-to-nigeria-and-cameroon-to-fight-boko-hara.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria_
