### [2007-11-6](/news/2007/11/6/index.md)

#  2007 Pakistani state of emergency: Over 100 anti-emergency activists are arrested as part of a crackdown process in Pakistan.date=December 2007




### Related:

1. [ Pervez Musharraf is sworn in as the President of Pakistan for a second term, this time as a civilian. [http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2007/11/29/2105577.htm (ABC News Australia)] President George W. Bush welcomes Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf, urges him to lift emergency rule.date=December 2007 Musharraf announces the 2007 Pakistani state of emergency will be lifted on 2007-12-16. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7119416.stm (BBC)] Restrictions on Pakistani TV channels are challenged in the Supreme Court of Pakistan.date=December 2007 ](/news/2007/11/29/pervez-musharraf-is-sworn-in-as-the-president-of-pakistan-for-a-second-term-this-time-as-a-civilian-http-www-abc-net-au-news-stories-2.md) _Context: 2007 Pakistani state of emergency, Pakistan_
2. [ Pakistan is suspended from the Commonwealth of Nations again for its imposition of the state of emergency. ](/news/2007/11/22/pakistan-is-suspended-from-the-commonwealth-of-nations-again-for-its-imposition-of-the-state-of-emergency.md) _Context: 2007 Pakistani state of emergency, Pakistan_
3. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency: Backed by hundreds of police officers, the Pakistani government again placed former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto under house arrest to prevent a protest against President Pervez Musharraf. ](/news/2007/11/13/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-backed-by-hundreds-of-police-officers-the-pakistani-government-again-placed-former-prime-minister-benaz.md) _Context: 2007 Pakistani state of emergency, Pakistan_
4. [ Malik Mohammad Qayyum, the Attorney General of Pakistan predicts that the 2007 Pakistani state of emergency could be lifted within a month. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7088346.stm (BBC)] Benazir Bhutto is to lead a long march against the emergency on 13 November. ](/news/2007/11/10/malik-mohammad-qayyum-the-attorney-general-of-pakistan-predicts-that-the-2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-could-be-lifted-within-a-month.md) _Context: 2007 Pakistani state of emergency, Pakistan_
5. [The origin of the zero may have been in South Asia according to a Sanskrit script housed in the United Kingdom since 1902 and discovered in Bakhshali near Peshawar, Pakistan. ](/news/2017/09/14/the-origin-of-the-zero-may-have-been-in-south-asia-according-to-a-sanskrit-script-housed-in-the-united-kingdom-since-1902-and-discovered-in.md) _Context: Pakistan_
6. [Pakistan postpones a visit from U.S. acting Assistant Secretary of State Alice Wells, its foreign ministry says, as some protest President Donald Trump's accusations that Pakistan is harbouring terrorists. ](/news/2017/08/27/pakistan-postpones-a-visit-from-u-s-acting-assistant-secretary-of-state-alice-wells-its-foreign-ministry-says-as-some-protest-president-d.md) _Context: Pakistan_
7. [Pakistan holds a state funeral for German-born Catholic nun Ruth Pfau, known as "Pakistan's Mother Teresa," who devoted her life to eradicating leprosy in the South Asian country. ](/news/2017/08/19/pakistan-holds-a-state-funeral-for-german-born-catholic-nun-ruth-pfau-known-as-pakistan-s-mother-teresa-who-devoted-her-life-to-eradicat.md) _Context: Pakistan_
8. [A suicide bombing took place near a Pakistan army truck in Quetta, Balochistan, Pakistan, leaving 15 people dead including 8 soldiers, while injuring 40 others. ](/news/2017/08/12/a-suicide-bombing-took-place-near-a-pakistan-army-truck-in-quetta-balochistan-pakistan-leaving-15-people-dead-including-8-soldiers-while.md) _Context: Pakistan_
9. [Chinese authorities report "grave concern" over reports that two kidnapped Chinese teachers in Quetta, Pakistan, were killed by members of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2017/06/9/chinese-authorities-report-grave-concern-over-reports-that-two-kidnapped-chinese-teachers-in-quetta-pakistan-were-killed-by-members-of-t.md) _Context: Pakistan_
10. [At least twelve people die and two others are injured after a cable car falls nearly 500 feet into a ditch in Charra Pani, Galyat, Pakistan. ](/news/2017/06/29/at-least-twelve-people-die-and-two-others-are-injured-after-a-cable-car-falls-nearly-500-feet-into-a-ditch-in-charra-pani-galyat-pakistan.md) _Context: Pakistan_
