### [2007-11-6](/news/2007/11/6/index.md)

#  2007 Pakistani state of emergency: Over 100 anti-emergency activists are arrested as part of a crackdown process in Pakistan.{{Fact|date=December 2007}}




### Related:

1. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency: Pervez Musharraf is sworn in as the President of Pakistan for a second term, this time as a civilian. [http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2007/11/29/2105577.htm (ABC News Australia)]  President George W. Bush welcomes Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf, urges him to lift emergency rule.{{Fact|date=December 2007}} Musharraf announces the 2007 Pakistani state of emergency will be lifted on 2007-12-16. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7119416.stm (BBC)] Restrictions on Pakistani TV channels are challenged in the Supreme Court of Pakistan.{{Fact|date=December 2007}} ](/news/2007/11/29/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-p-pervez-musharraf-is-sworn-in-as-the-president-of-pakistan-for-a-second-term-this-time-as-a-civilian.md) _Context: 2007 Pakistani state of emergency, Pakistan_
2. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency: Former Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif arrives at Lahore Airport with his family members.{{Fact|date=December 2007}} At least 1800 supporters of PML-N are detained in Punjab ahead of Nawaz Sharif's return from exile.{{Fact|date=December 2007}} ](/news/2007/11/25/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-p-former-pakistan-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-arrives-at-lahore-airport-with-his-family-members-fact-da.md) _Context: 2007 Pakistani state of emergency, Pakistan_
3. [  Pakistan is suspended from the Commonwealth of Nations again for its imposition of the state of emergency. ](/news/2007/11/22/pakistan-is-suspended-from-the-commonwealth-of-nations-again-for-its-imposition-of-the-state-of-emergency.md) _Context: 2007 Pakistani state of emergency, Pakistan_
4. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency: Thousands of people escape Pakistan's Swat district, where the Pakistan Army is fighting with pro-Taliban militants. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7104331.stm (BBC)] More than 100 journalists are arrested for protesting against the state of emergency and media restrictions. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7103538.stm (BBC)] The Government of Pakistan releases 3,400 people who were jailed during the state of emergency. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7103266.stm (BBC)] Pakistan Chief Election Commissioner Justice (retired) Qazi Mohammad Farooq announces the next general elections will be held on January 8, 2008.{{Fact|date=December 2007}}](/news/2007/11/20/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-p-thousands-of-people-escape-pakistan-s-swat-district-where-the-pakistan-army-is-fighting-with-pro-talib.md) _Context: 2007 Pakistani state of emergency, Pakistan_
5. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency: Pakistani Attorney General Malik Qayyum announces the Supreme Court of Pakistan has dismissed five of the six petitions against President Pervez Musharraf's re-election. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7101302.stm (BBC)] At least 80 people die and 100 are wounded in sectarian violence in Kurram Agency. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7101533.stm (BBC)] Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf rejects United States Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte's demand to lift the state of emergency.{{Fact|date=December 2007}}](/news/2007/11/19/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-p-pakistani-attorney-general-malik-qayyum-announces-the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-has-dismissed-five-of-t.md) _Context: 2007 Pakistani state of emergency, Pakistan_
6. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency: Pakistani opposition leader Imran Khan is arrested at the University of the Punjab in Lahore. ](/news/2007/11/14/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-p-pakistani-opposition-leader-imran-khan-is-arrested-at-the-university-of-the-punjab-in-lahore.md) _Context: 2007 Pakistani state of emergency, Pakistan_
7. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency: Backed by hundreds of police officers, the Pakistani government again placed former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto under house arrest to prevent a protest against President Pervez Musharraf. ](/news/2007/11/13/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-backed-by-hundreds-of-police-officers-the-pakistani-government-again-placed-former-prime-minister-benaz.md) _Context: 2007 Pakistani state of emergency, Pakistan_
8. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency: Pakistan Army renews air attacks in the Swat valley targeting extremists positions.{{Fact|date=December 2007}}  Foreign ministers of the Commonwealth of Nations meet in London to discuss the issue of Pakistan. They demand that President Pervez Musharraf lift the state of emergency, release political prisoners and step down as army chief by November 22, or otherwise the country will be "suspended from the Councils of the Commonwealth." ](/news/2007/11/12/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-p-pakistan-army-renews-air-attacks-in-the-swat-valley-targeting-extremists-positions-fact-date-december.md) _Context: 2007 Pakistani state of emergency, Pakistan_
9. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency: Malik Mohammad Qayyum, the Attorney General of Pakistan predicts that the 2007 Pakistani state of emergency could be lifted within a month. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7088346.stm (BBC)] Benazir Bhutto is to lead a long march against the emergency on 13 November. ](/news/2007/11/10/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-p-malik-mohammad-qayyum-the-attorney-general-of-pakistan-predicts-that-the-2007-pakistani-state-of-emerg.md) _Context: 2007 Pakistani state of emergency, Pakistan_
10. [At least ten Iranian border guards are killed in an ambush in the southeastern Sistan and Baluchestan Province on the border with Pakistan. Sunni militant group Jaish ul-Adl claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/04/26/at-least-ten-iranian-border-guards-are-killed-in-an-ambush-in-the-southeastern-sistan-and-baluchestan-province-on-the-border-with-pakistan.md) _Context: Pakistan_
