### [2007-11-6](/news/2007/11/6/index.md)

#  Queen Elizabeth II formally opens High Speed 1 and London's St Pancras station, the new home for Eurostar trains linking London with Paris and Brussels as of November 14, replacing the Eurostar terminus at Waterloo station. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/england/london/7081809.stm)

### Related:

1. [Eurostar services between Paris and London are delayed by hundreds of migrants trying to board the trains at Calais. ](/news/2015/09/1/eurostar-services-between-paris-and-london-are-delayed-by-hundreds-of-migrants-trying-to-board-the-trains-at-calais.md) _Context: Eurostar, London, Paris_
2. [ A Eurostar train sets a new record of 2 hours, 3 minutes and 39 seconds for rail travel between Paris and London, on the inaugural journey from Gare du Nord to St Pancras International on the new High Speed 1 line. ](/news/2007/09/4/a-eurostar-train-sets-a-new-record-of-2-hours-3-minutes-and-39-seconds-for-rail-travel-between-paris-and-london-on-the-inaugural-journey.md) _Context: Eurostar, High Speed 1, St Pancras station_
3. [Paris attack aftermath. Belgian authorities reduce the threat level in Brussels from its highest level of four to three. The escalation to level four came after suspects in the ISIL attacks in Paris were linked to the city. Suspected Paris gunman, Salah Abdeslam, who lived in Brussels for several years, remains at large. ](/news/2015/11/26/paris-attack-aftermath-belgian-authorities-reduce-the-threat-level-in-brussels-from-its-highest-level-of-four-to-three-the-escalation-to-l.md) _Context: Brussels, Paris_
4. [London's King Edward VII's Hospital says it is reviewing telephone protocol after two disc jockeys from a Sydney-based radio station, 2Day FM made a prank call to the hospital in which they posed as Queen Elizabeth and Prince Charles, and spoke with a member of nursing staff about the health of the Duchess of Cambridge. ](/news/2012/12/5/london-s-king-edward-vii-s-hospital-says-it-is-reviewing-telephone-protocol-after-two-disc-jockeys-from-a-sydney-based-radio-station-2day-f.md) _Context: London, Queen Elizabeth_
5. [Rallies occur in Berlin, London, New York City, Paris, Ottawa and elsewhere, calling for the release of Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani, a woman facing execution for adultery in Iran. ](/news/2010/07/24/rallies-occur-in-berlin-london-new-york-city-paris-ottawa-and-elsewhere-calling-for-the-release-of-sakineh-mohammadi-ashtiani-a-woman.md) _Context: London, Paris_
6. [Extreme weather in Europe kills nine people in Germany, traps a Eurostar train in the Channel Tunnel, disrupts flights at international airports in Amsterdam, Dublin, Knock and Paris, shuts hundreds of schools in Ireland and disrupts Norway's bus service in Oslo. ](/news/2010/01/7/extreme-weather-in-europe-kills-nine-people-in-germany-traps-a-eurostar-train-in-the-channel-tunnel-disrupts-flights-at-international-airp.md) _Context: Eurostar, Paris_
7. [ Presidency of the European Council:. Tony Blair's former chief-of-staff, Jonathan Powell, has been touring European capital cities, including Brussels, Paris and Prague, in an undercover move to make him the first President of the European Council. Blair is supported by French President Nicolas Sarkozy and German Chancellor Angela Merkel. ](/news/2009/10/3/presidency-of-the-european-council-tony-blair-s-former-chief-of-staff-jonathan-powell-has-been-touring-european-capital-cities-includi.md) _Context: Brussels, Paris_
8. [ The Colombian diaspora celebrates Colombia's Independence Day with concerts and marches against violence, kidnapping and the FARC in Bogot, Leticia, the country's other 1,119 cities and municipalities, and events in cities around the world including Paris (attended by Ingrid Betancourt), London, Washington, D.C., New York City and Miami. ](/news/2008/07/20/the-colombian-diaspora-celebrates-colombia-s-independence-day-with-concerts-and-marches-against-violence-kidnapping-and-the-farc-in-bogota.md) _Context: London, Paris_
9. [ Queen Elizabeth officially opens London Heathrow Airport's new Terminal 5. ](/news/2008/03/14/queen-elizabeth-officially-opens-london-heathrow-airport-s-new-terminal-5.md) _Context: London, Queen Elizabeth_
10. [ It is now widely expected that Kazakhstan will head the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe in 2009 despite strong opposition from the United States. Kazakh President Nazarbayev is visiting Brussels, Belgium, which supports Kazakhstan's bid, and he recently visited London, meeting with Prime Minister Tony Blair, whose government also supports Kazakhstan. ](/news/2006/12/4/it-is-now-widely-expected-that-kazakhstan-will-head-the-organization-for-security-and-co-operation-in-europe-in-2009-despite-strong-opposit.md) _Context: Brussels, London_
