### [2010-10-15](/news/2010/10/15/index.md)

# A London court is told that Saud bin Abdulaziz bin Nasir al Saud, a Saudi prince accused of murdering his servant after sexually assaulting him at a London hotel, could face the death penalty in Saudi Arabia, where homosexuality is illegal, over his alleged gay sex life. 

A Saudi prince accused of beating his servant to death in a London hotel will not give evidence in the murder trial.


### Source:

1. [AFP](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5it-psGvTjN-dadrszWCq2irEDbmQ?docId=CNG.143fec7a691447afd1dc38855c6aba83.991)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-london-11552937)

### Related:

1. [Germany's Federal Intelligence Service (BND) says Saudi Arabia is at risk of becoming a major destabilizing influence in the Arab world due to the diplomatic stance of some senior members of the House of Saud. ](/news/2015/12/3/germany-s-federal-intelligence-service-bnd-says-saudi-arabia-is-at-risk-of-becoming-a-major-destabilizing-influence-in-the-arab-world-due.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Royal Family_
2. [United States Baptist minister George Rekers, a campaigner who opposes homosexuality, responds to allegations of a holiday in London/Madrid with a male prostitute he met at Rentboy.com. ](/news/2010/05/6/united-states-baptist-minister-george-rekers-a-campaigner-who-opposes-homosexuality-responds-to-allegations-of-a-holiday-in-london-madrid.md) _Context: London, homosexuality_
3. [2017 Dubai skyscraper fire: A fire at the 79-story Dubai Torch Tower in the United Arab Emirates, which forced nighttime evacuations, was under control in a few hours with no serious injuries immediately reported. The building's exterior was still being renovated from a fire in February, 2015, which investigators had blamed, at least in part, to flammable siding, echoing the findings of this past June's Grenfell Tower fire in London. ](/news/2017/08/4/2017-dubai-skyscraper-fire-a-fire-at-the-79-story-dubai-torch-tower-in-the-united-arab-emirates-which-forced-nighttime-evacuations-was-un.md) _Context: London_
4. [Venezuelan Constitutional Assembly election, 2017: At a news briefing in London, the CEO of Smartmatic, the Venezuelan-owned multinational company that provided the election system used in Sunday's election, says the number of those participating in the poll was tampered with, off by at least one million. ](/news/2017/08/2/venezuelan-constitutional-assembly-election-2017-at-a-news-briefing-in-london-the-ceo-of-smartmatic-the-venezuelan-owned-multinational-c.md) _Context: London_
5. [Big Ben: London's Big Ben, atop Elizabeth Tower, will fall silent for four years beginning 21 August while essential repair works are performed. ](/news/2017/08/14/big-ben-london-s-big-ben-atop-elizabeth-tower-will-fall-silent-for-four-years-beginning-21-august-while-essential-repair-works-are-perfor.md) _Context: London_
6. [2017 Qatar crisis: Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/2017-qatar-crisis-qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
7. [Syrian Civil War: Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-civil-war-syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-o.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
8. [Crime in London: Five men in London are attacked with acid in five linked attacks. Two teenaged suspects are taken into custody. ](/news/2017/07/13/crime-in-london-five-men-in-london-are-attacked-with-acid-in-five-linked-attacks-two-teenaged-suspects-are-taken-into-custody.md) _Context: London_
9. [Camden Market fire: A large fire breaks out at the Camden Markets in North West London, with over 70 firefighters and 10 firetrucks attending the scene. No casualties have been reported. ](/news/2017/07/10/camden-market-fire-a-large-fire-breaks-out-at-the-camden-markets-in-north-west-london-with-over-70-firefighters-and-10-firetrucks-attendin.md) _Context: London_
10. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: Human rights activists accuse forces led by Saudi Arabia and the UAE of kidnapping and torturing people during the Yemeni conflict. ](/news/2017/06/9/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-human-rights-activists-accuse-forces-led-by-saudi-arabia-and-the-uae-of-kidnapping-and-torturing-pe.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
