### [2010-10-15](/news/2010/10/15/index.md)

# The Central Committee of the Communist Party of China opens its fifth plenary session in Beijing to discuss the country's next five-year economic and social development plan. 

Party officials gather to outline five-year economic and social development plan amid speculation over political reform.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/asia-pacific/2010/10/201010156250141967.html)
2. [China Daily](http://www.chinadaily.com.cn/china/2010-10/15/content_11414675.htm)

### Related:

1. [Chinese human rights lawyer Pu Zhiqiang goes on trial in Beijing for online social commentary critical of the ruling Communist Party. ](/news/2015/12/14/chinese-human-rights-lawyer-pu-zhiqiang-goes-on-trial-in-beijing-for-online-social-commentary-critical-of-the-ruling-communist-party.md) _Context: Beijing, Communist Party of China_
2. [General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China Xi Jinping will make his first state visit to the United States next September. ](/news/2015/02/11/general-secretary-of-the-central-committee-of-the-communist-party-of-china-xi-jinping-will-make-his-first-state-visit-to-the-united-states-n.md) _Context: Central Committee, Communist Party of China_
3. [The 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China is opened in Beijing, during which current Paramount Leader Hu Jintao is expected to step down to make way for presumptive leader Xi Jinping. ](/news/2012/11/8/the-18th-national-congress-of-the-communist-party-of-china-is-opened-in-beijing-during-which-current-paramount-leader-hu-jintao-is-expected.md) _Context: Beijing, Communist Party of China_
4. [ General Secretary Hu Jintao of the Communist Party in the People's Republic of China and Nationalist Party Chairman Wu Poh-hsiung in Taiwan meet in Beijing to discuss cross-Strait relations. ](/news/2009/05/26/general-secretary-hu-jintao-of-the-communist-party-in-the-people-s-republic-of-china-and-nationalist-party-chairman-wu-poh-hsiung-in-taiwan.md) _Context: Beijing, Communist Party of China_
5. [ Three of the Peoples Republic of China's top politicians, namely, Vice-President Zeng Qinghong, anti-corruption chief Wu Guanzheng, and Luo Gan, are dropped from the Communist Party of China's Central Committee. Also retiring are Vice-Premier Wu Yi, Vice-Premier Zeng Peiyan, and Defence Minister Cao Gangchuan. Hu's "Scientific Development Concept" is enshrined in the Party Constitution. ](/news/2007/10/21/three-of-the-peoples-republic-of-china-s-top-politicians-namely-vice-president-zeng-qinghong-anti-corruption-chief-wu-guanzheng-and-luo.md) _Context: Central Committee, Communist Party of China_
6. [ The 17th National Congress of the Communist Party of China opens in Beijing, China, marking the beginning of a 7-day conclave of China's top leadership. General Secretary Hu Jintao delivers the work report for the past five years, and sets the party's direction in the coming five years. Hu also said in the keynote speech that the Communist Party has "fallen short of the people's expectations". ](/news/2007/10/15/the-17th-national-congress-of-the-communist-party-of-china-opens-in-beijing-china-marking-the-beginning-of-a-7-day-conclave-of-china-s-to.md) _Context: Beijing, Communist Party of China_
7. [The 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China is expected to start on October 18, 2017. ](/news/2017/08/31/the-19th-national-congress-of-the-communist-party-of-china-is-expected-to-start-on-october-18-2017.md) _Context: Communist Party of China_
8. [A stalemate between China and India leads to fears that the ongoing stand-off over Doklam in the Himalayas, disputed by Bhutan, may continue into the winter. It comes after rumors that Indian National Security Adviser Ajit Doval may travel to Beijing later this month. "[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/beijing-wont-have-formal-talks-with-india-stand-off-may-continue-till-winter-chinese-expert/articleshow/59615025.cms (Economic Times)]"](/news/2017/07/16/a-stalemate-between-china-and-india-leads-to-fears-that-the-ongoing-stand-off-over-doklam-in-the-himalayas-disputed-by-bhutan-may-continue.md) _Context: Beijing_
9. [Reports emerge of the Australian Security Intelligence Organisation's discovery of classified Australian documents, related to Chinese intelligence activity abroad, in the Canberra home of a woman allegedly acting on behalf of the Communist Party of China. ](/news/2017/06/5/reports-emerge-of-the-australian-security-intelligence-organisation-s-discovery-of-classified-australian-documents-related-to-chinese-intel.md) _Context: Communist Party of China_
10. [Following the death of 22-year-old U.S. student Otto Warmbier, touring firm Young Pioneer Tours, who arranged Otto's visit to North Korea, say they will no longer be taking U.S. citizens to North Korea as the "risk is too high". Beijing-based Koryo Tours say they are reviewing their positions on taking U.S. citizens to the country. ](/news/2017/06/20/following-the-death-of-22-year-old-u-s-student-otto-warmbier-touring-firm-young-pioneer-tours-who-arranged-otto-s-visit-to-north-korea-s.md) _Context: Beijing_
