### [2005-06-22](/news/2005/06/22/index.md)

#  In Ethiopia, main opposition group Coalition for Unity and Democracy states that government investigators have dropped all their complaints about possible election fraud. Government still has not released any results 




### Source:

1. [AllAfrica](http://allafrica.com/stories/200506220233.html)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/4119320.stm)
3. [Reuters AlertNet](http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/IRIN/1686f65f99f7364cad25849d7ed3d820.htm)

### Related:

1. [ Ethiopia: Government prosecutors withdrew charges against 18 out of 129 opposition figures and journalists facing charges following last year's violent skirmishes in the country. However, none of the party leaders of the Coalition for Unity and Democracy (CUD) were included in this action.](/news/2006/03/22/ethiopia-government-prosecutors-withdrew-charges-against-18-out-of-129-opposition-figures-and-journalists-facing-charges-following-last-ye.md) _Context: Coalition for Unity and Democracy, Ethiopia_
2. [ Following general elections in May, Ethiopia releases the first round of official results for 307 of 527 parliamentary seats. The ruling EPRDF has won 139 seats, while opposition parties CUD and UEDF won 93 and 42, respectively. Smaller parties and independent candidates won the remaining 33 seats. CUD and UEDF announced plans to form a coalition government. ](/news/2005/07/8/following-general-elections-in-may-ethiopia-releases-the-first-round-of-official-results-for-307-of-527-parliamentary-seats-the-ruling-ep.md) _Context: Coalition for Unity and Democracy, Ethiopia_
3. [ In Ethiopia, government promises to rerun some elections in constituencies where there have been allegations of election fraud ](/news/2005/06/29/in-ethiopia-government-promises-to-rerun-some-elections-in-constituencies-where-there-have-been-allegations-of-election-fraud.md) _Context: Ethiopia, election fraud_
4. [ In Ethiopia, opposition says that the leaders of Coalition for Unity and Democracy, Hailu Shawel and senior official Lidetu Ayalew, are under house arrest and demand their release. ](/news/2005/06/11/in-ethiopia-opposition-says-that-the-leaders-of-coalition-for-unity-and-democracy-hailu-shawel-and-senior-official-lidetu-ayalew-are-und.md) _Context: Coalition for Unity and Democracy, Ethiopia_
5. [ Ethiopian prime minister Meles Zenawi bans demonstrations in the capital Addis Ababa for one month after Sunday's parliamentary elections. Opposition parties, especially Coalition for Unity and Democracy accuse government of electoral fraud and harassment of their election observers. No results have been published yet. [http://www.news24.com/News24/Africa/News/0,,2-11-1447_1705441,00.html (News24)] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/4549589.stm (BBC)] [http://www.forbes.com/home/feeds/afx/2005/05/15/afx2028176.html (Forbes)] (Wikinews)](/news/2005/05/16/ethiopian-prime-minister-meles-zenawi-bans-demonstrations-in-the-capital-addis-ababa-for-one-month-after-sunday-s-parliamentary-elections.md) _Context: Coalition for Unity and Democracy, Ethiopia_
6. [USAID announces the Trump administration dedicated $169 million to feed people facing starvation in Ethiopia and Kenya, adding to earlier assistance for those suffering from drought and conflict in the region. ](/news/2017/08/3/usaid-announces-the-trump-administration-dedicated-169-million-to-feed-people-facing-starvation-in-ethiopia-and-kenya-adding-to-earlier-as.md) _Context: Ethiopia_
7. [The United Nations International Organization for Migration reports, over the last two days in two incidents, smugglers have thrown 280 migrants from Ethiopia and other Horn of Africa countries into the sea off the coast of Yemen. More than 50 refugees have drowned with over 30 people still missing. ](/news/2017/08/10/the-united-nations-international-organization-for-migration-reports-over-the-last-two-days-in-two-incidents-smugglers-have-thrown-280-migr.md) _Context: Ethiopia_
8. [The World Health Organization (WHO) elects former Ethiopian Foreign Minister and Health Minister Dr. Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus as the international organization's new Director-General succeeding Dr. Margaret Chan, who has been in office since 2006. Tedros is the first African Director-General and the first non-medical doctor; he has a PhD in Community Health from the University of Nottingham. ](/news/2017/05/23/the-world-health-organization-who-elects-former-ethiopian-foreign-minister-and-health-minister-dr-tedros-adhanom-ghebreyesus-as-the-inter.md) _Context: Ethiopia_
9. [A landslide at a rubbish dump on the outskirts of Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, kills at least 48 people. ](/news/2017/03/12/a-landslide-at-a-rubbish-dump-on-the-outskirts-of-addis-ababa-ethiopia-kills-at-least-48-people.md) _Context: Ethiopia_
10. [Addis Ababa-Djibouti Railway is officially completed, creating a rail link between Djibouti and Ethiopia. ](/news/2017/01/10/addis-ababaadjibouti-railway-is-officially-completed-creating-a-rail-link-between-djibouti-and-ethiopia.md) _Context: Ethiopia_
