### [2005-06-22](/news/2005/06/22/index.md)

#  In South Africa, President Thabo Mbeki names energy and minerals minister Phumzile Mlambo-Ngcuka as his deputy president. She is the first woman to hold the position. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters SA](http://www.reuters.co.za/locales/c_newsArticle.jsp;:42ba539c:d267697b3043d549?type=topNews&localeKey=en_ZA&storyID=8868200)
2. [BBC profile](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/4120168.stm)
3. [SABC](http://www.sabcnews.com/south_africa/education/0,2172,107034,00.html)
4. [News24](http://www.news24.com/News24/South_Africa/Politics/0,,2-7-12_1725296,00.html)

### Related:

1. [South Africa's governing party, the African National Congress, starts a 5-day conference where President Jacob Zuma faces a challenge from Deputy President Kgalema Motlanthe. ](/news/2012/12/16/south-africa-s-governing-party-the-african-national-congress-starts-a-5-day-conference-where-president-jacob-zuma-faces-a-challenge-from-d.md) _Context: Deputy President, President of South Africa, South Africa_
2. [ Former South African President Thabo Mbeki will mediate between the Movement for Democratic Change and Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe's government after Mugabe takes control of ministries that command the military and the police, an action that allegedly violates the power-sharing agreement reached last month. ](/news/2008/10/11/former-south-african-president-thabo-mbeki-will-mediate-between-the-movement-for-democratic-change-and-zimbabwean-president-robert-mugabe-s.md) _Context: President of South Africa, South Africa, Thabo Mbeki_
3. [ Former South African President Nelson Mandela breaks a strong taboo when he announces that the death at age 54 of his sole surviving son, Makgatho Mandela, was caused by AIDS, which kills about 600 people daily in South Africa. His action is viewed as being critical of his successor, Thabo Mbeki, who has denied a link between HIV and AIDS. [http://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory?id=390040 (ABC)], [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/africa/4151159.stm (BBC)].](/news/2005/01/6/former-south-african-president-nelson-mandela-breaks-a-strong-taboo-when-he-announces-that-the-death-at-age-54-of-his-sole-surviving-son-m.md) _Context: President of South Africa, South Africa, Thabo Mbeki_
4. [The South African Parliament debates a minority motion to impeach President Jacob Zuma following last week's Constitutional Court judgment that Zuma had violated the constitution in a spending scandal involving the president's private home. The African National Congress has a 249 - 151 majority, making this motion's chance of gaining a two-thirds majority unlikely. ](/news/2016/04/5/the-south-african-parliament-debates-a-minority-motion-to-impeach-president-jacob-zuma-following-last-week-s-constitutional-court-judgment-t.md) _Context: President of South Africa, South Africa_
5. [The Parliament of South Africa announces it will debate a motion to impeach President Jacob Zuma this coming Tuesday. This comes after Zuma is facing mounting pressure when the Constitutional Court ruled that Zuma violated the constitution by using state funds to renovate his mansion. Yesterday, anti-apartheid veteran Ahmed Kathrada joined opposition leaders in calling for Zuma's resignation. ](/news/2016/04/3/the-parliament-of-south-africa-announces-it-will-debate-a-motion-to-impeach-president-jacob-zuma-this-coming-tuesday-this-comes-after-zuma.md) _Context: President of South Africa, South Africa_
6. [A court in South Africa rules that the decision in 2009 to drop over 750 corruption charges against President Jacob Zuma was irrational and called for a review of them. However, the court ruling does not automatically reinstate the charges against Zuma as a legal team must be set up to decide on whether to charge him or not. ](/news/2016/04/29/a-court-in-south-africa-rules-that-the-decision-in-2009-to-drop-over-750-corruption-charges-against-president-jacob-zuma-was-irrational-and.md) _Context: President of South Africa, South Africa_
7. [South Africa's Public Protector finds that President Jacob Zuma has "benefitted unduly" from government funded upgrades of his rural residence. ](/news/2014/03/19/south-africa-s-public-protector-finds-that-president-jacob-zuma-has-benefitted-unduly-from-government-funded-upgrades-of-his-rural-residen.md) _Context: President of South Africa, South Africa_
8. [Central African Republic conflict (2012-present):South Africa's President Jacob Zuma announces full withdrawal from the Central African Republic after criticism over death of 13 soldiers during the fall of the government there. ](/news/2013/04/4/central-african-republic-conflict-2012apresent-psouth-africa-s-president-jacob-zuma-announces-full-withdrawal-from-the-central-african-r.md) _Context: President of South Africa, South Africa_
9. [Former South African President and anti-apartheid leader Nelson Mandela, aged 94, is hospitalized; officials say it is only for a routine checkup. ](/news/2013/03/9/former-south-african-president-and-anti-apartheid-leader-nelson-mandela-aged-94-is-hospitalized-officials-say-it-is-only-for-a-routine-ch.md) _Context: President of South Africa, South Africa_
10. [Former President of South Africa Nelson Mandela is hospitalised with a lung infection. ](/news/2013/03/28/former-president-of-south-africa-nelson-mandela-is-hospitalised-with-a-lung-infection.md) _Context: President of South Africa, South Africa_
