### [2015-12-18](/news/2015/12/18/index.md)

# 2015 Burundian unrest: The African Union's Peace and Security Council approves the plan to send 5,000 peacekeepers to Burundi to protect civilians caught up in the growing crisis; approval by the U.N. Security Council is required. Burundi's Philippe Nzobonariba says the force would not be allowed in without government permission. 

The African Union said it was ready to send 5,000 peacekeepers to Burundi to protect civilians caught up it a growing crisis, the first time the bloc has invoked powers to deploy troops to a member country against its will.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''Houston Chronicle](http://www.houstonchronicle.com/news/nation-world/world/article/African-Union-OKs-deployment-of-Burundi-6708527.php)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-burundi-politics-mission-idUSKBN0U10EU20151218)

### Related:

1. [2015 Burundian unrest: Burundi's President, Pierre Nkurunziza, says Burundians will fight against any African Union peacekeepers sent into the country in response to the ongoing crisis, "everyone has to respect Burundian borders," Nkurunziza said. The African Union said this earlier this month it was ready to send 5,000 peacekeepers to protect civilians caught up in months of violence. ](/news/2015/12/30/2015-burundian-unrest-burundi-s-president-pierre-nkurunziza-says-burundians-will-fight-against-any-african-union-peacekeepers-sent-into-t.md) _Context: 2015 Burundian unrest, African Union, Burundi_
2. [U.S. diplomats, amid growing international concern the violence could spiral into an ethnic conflict, push for peace talks in Burundi. The European Union advises non-essential staff to evacuate the Central African nation amid rising violence and an uptick in political rhetoric. The head of the opposition UPRONA group urges the United Nations to send peacekeepers quickly. Yesterday, the UN Security Council called on the Burundi Government to protect human rights and cooperate with regional African mediators to immediately convene -an inclusive and genuine inter-Burundian dialogue- to find a peaceful resolution of the crisis. ](/news/2015/11/13/u-s-diplomats-amid-growing-international-concern-the-violence-could-spiral-into-an-ethnic-conflict-push-for-peace-talks-in-burundi-the-e.md) _Context: Burundi, United Nations Security Council, peacekeepers_
3. [ An Al-Shabaab suicide attack kills at least 11 and injures 15 more Burundian peacekeepers on an African Union military base in Mogadishu, Somalia. ](/news/2009/02/22/an-al-shabaab-suicide-attack-kills-at-least-11-and-injures-15-more-burundian-peacekeepers-on-an-african-union-military-base-in-mogadishu-s.md) _Context: African Union, Burundi, peacekeepers_
4. [Burundian unrest (2015-present): The United Nations Security Council unanimously adopts a resolution setting the stage for the deployment of UN Police to Burundi, where political unrest that has lasted nearly a year killed over 400 people and displaced tens of thousands. The resolution asks Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon to present options within 15 days for the deployment of UN police in order to monitor the security situation, promote respect for human rights and advance the rule of law. ](/news/2016/04/2/burundian-unrest-2015-present-the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-adopts-a-resolution-setting-the-stage-for-the-deployment.md) _Context: Burundi, United Nations Security Council_
5. [Burundian unrest (2015-present): Two former Presidents of Burundi call for the United Nations Security Council to authorise the use of peacekeeping troops in Burundi to prevent a potential civil war. ](/news/2016/01/21/burundian-unrest-2015-present-two-former-presidents-of-burundi-call-for-the-united-nations-security-council-to-authorise-the-use-of-pea.md) _Context: Burundi, United Nations Security Council_
6. [2015 Burundian unrest: The U.S. State Department issues a travel advisory for Burundi and advises its citizens there to leave as soon as possible due to the increased violence in the capital Bujumbura where 87 people were killed this weekend. Families of U.S. government personnel and non-emergency personnel have been ordered to leave immediately. ](/news/2015/12/13/2015-burundian-unrest-the-u-s-state-department-issues-a-travel-advisory-for-burundi-and-advises-its-citizens-there-to-leave-as-soon-as-pos.md) _Context: 2015 Burundian unrest, Burundi_
7. [2015 Burundian unrest: Burundi's army reports 87 people, including eight government defenders, were killed, and 45 attackers captured in Friday's clashes at three military sites in Bujumbura. Police have not identified the gunmen. Witnesses report some of the victims' arms were tied behind their backs while others were killed at close range. This was the worst violence since this spring's attempted coup d'etat. One of the generals behind the failed coup says his rebel group still wants to oust the president. ](/news/2015/12/12/2015-burundian-unrest-burundi-s-army-reports-87-people-including-eight-government-defenders-were-killed-and-45-attackers-captured-in-fri.md) _Context: 2015 Burundian unrest, Burundi_
8. [2015 Burundian unrest: Burundi's army chief General Prime Niyongabo survives an assassination attempt after armed men attacked his motorcade on a busy road in the capital, Bujumbura. Six people are killed in the attack. ](/news/2015/09/11/2015-burundian-unrest-burundi-s-army-chief-general-prime-niyongabo-survives-an-assassination-attempt-after-armed-men-attacked-his-motorcade.md) _Context: 2015 Burundian unrest, Burundi_
9. [The East African Community calls on Burundi to postpone its presidential election due to unrest sparked by the decision by President Pierre Nkurunziza to run for a third term. ](/news/2015/05/31/the-east-african-community-calls-on-burundi-to-postpone-its-presidential-election-due-to-unrest-sparked-by-the-decision-by-president-pierre.md) _Context: 2015 Burundian unrest, Burundi_
10. [2015 Burundian unrest: The Burundi opposition suspends talks with the Government of President Pierre Nkurunziza following the assassination of opposition leader Zedi Feruzi of the Union for Peace and Development party yesterday. ](/news/2015/05/24/2015-burundian-unrest-the-burundi-opposition-suspends-talks-with-the-government-of-president-pierre-nkurunziza-following-the-assassination.md) _Context: 2015 Burundian unrest, Burundi_
