### [2015-12-18](/news/2015/12/18/index.md)

# A U.S. B-52 long-range bomber on a routine mission over the South China Sea mistakenly flew within two nautical miles of an artificial island built by China near the Cuarteron Reef in the disputed Spratly Islands archipelago, according to a senior U.S. defense official. The Chinese Defense Ministry issues a statement accusing the U.S. of deliberately raising tensions in the disputed region. 

US Navy says its B-52 plane had no intention of flying so close to the Chinese-claimed Spratly archipelago in the South China Sea


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/dec/19/south-china-sea-us-bomber-angers-beijing-with-spratly-islands-flypast)
1. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/35d7b861f725bdcf018f5405cbf65093cddcf9cc/0_417_4500_2700/master/4500.jpg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxNi8wNS8yNS9vdmVybGF5LWxvZ28tMTIwMC05MF9vcHQucG5n&amp;s=0e9634c98bdf5662cd4e0c3c4ffa9768)

### Related:

1. [Admiral John Richardson says the United States has seen Chinese activity around Scarborough Shoal, which China seized from the Philippines nearly four years ago, in the northern part of the Spratly archipelago of the South China Sea. An international court ruling on a case brought by the Philippines against China over its South China Sea claims is expected within a month. ](/news/2016/03/17/admiral-john-richardson-says-the-united-states-has-seen-chinese-activity-around-scarborough-shoal-which-china-seized-from-the-philippines-n.md) _Context: China, South China Sea, Spratly Islands, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea, U.S._
2. [A United States Navy ship, the USS "Lassen", sails near the Spratly Islands, challenging Beijing's claim that the islands are Chinese territory. China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs strongly condemned the actions of the United States in the South China Sea, saying "China will firmly react to this deliberate provocation". ](/news/2015/10/27/a-united-states-navy-ship-the-uss-lassen-sails-near-the-spratly-islands-challenging-beijing-s-claim-that-the-islands-are-chinese-territ.md) _Context: China, South China Sea, Spratly Islands, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea, U.S._
3. [China completes the construction of two lighthouses on the disputed Spratly Islands in the South China Sea according to Chinese state media. The U.S. and the Philippines have opposed the construction efforts. ](/news/2015/10/10/china-completes-the-construction-of-two-lighthouses-on-the-disputed-spratly-islands-in-the-south-china-sea-according-to-chinese-state-media.md) _Context: China, South China Sea, Spratly Islands, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea, U.S._
4. [China's People's Liberation Army Air Force says it has conducted "combat patrols" near the disputed Spratly Islands and Scarborough Shoal in the South China Sea as part of an effort to normalize such drills and respond to security threats. Xian H-6 strategic bombers and Su-30 fighter jets took part in the patrols, according to Xinhua News Agency. ](/news/2016/08/6/china-s-people-s-liberation-army-air-force-says-it-has-conducted-combat-patrols-near-the-disputed-spratly-islands-and-scarborough-shoal-in.md) _Context: China, South China Sea, Spratly Islands, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
5. [U.S. officials say the U.S. Navy deliberately avoided military drills or other actions that could have further inflamed tensions with Beijing during the USS Lassen's patrol in the South China Sea last week. For instance, the Lassen turned off its fire-control radars while transiting within 12 nautical miles of Subi Reef. On its part, the Chinese destroyer following the Lassen was, "very cordial the entire time ... before and after the Spratly Islands transit," said the Lassen's commanding officer, Commander Robert Francis. ](/news/2015/11/6/u-s-officials-say-the-u-s-navy-deliberately-avoided-military-drills-or-other-actions-that-could-have-further-inflamed-tensions-with-beijin.md) _Context: China, South China Sea, Spratly Islands, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
6. [Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Liu Zhenmin says the United States was making political provocations with its patrols in the disputed South China Sea. He also says China is building military facilities on islands and reefs in the South China Sea as part of its national defense policy. Yesterday, U.S. President Barack Obama said, for the sake of regional stability, countries should stop building artificial islands and militarizing their claims in this sea. ](/news/2015/11/22/chinese-vice-foreign-minister-liu-zhenmin-says-the-united-states-was-making-political-provocations-with-its-patrols-in-the-disputed-south-ch.md) _Context: China, South China Sea, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea, U.S._
7. [Japan's prime minister Shinzo Abe says he is considering sending Japanese Navy warships to the South China Sea to back-up U.S. naval operations, saying, "With regard to activity by the Self-Defense Forces in the South China Sea, I will consider it while focusing on what effect the situation has on Japan's security." In response, China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesperson, Hong Lei, told Chinese state media that China will remain on "high alert for intervention by Japan in the South China Sea issue". ](/news/2015/11/21/japan-s-prime-minister-shinza-abe-says-he-is-considering-sending-japanese-navy-warships-to-the-south-china-sea-to-back-up-u-s-naval-operat.md) _Context: China, South China Sea, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea, U.S._
8. [China says it will "not stand for violations of its territorial waters in the name of freedom of navigation", following a statement from a Pentagon official, that the U.S. may consider sailing warships close to China's disputed artificial islands in the South China Sea within the next two weeks. ](/news/2015/10/9/china-says-it-will-not-stand-for-violations-of-its-territorial-waters-in-the-name-of-freedom-of-navigation-following-a-statement-from-a-p.md) _Context: China, South China Sea, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea, U.S._
9. [The European Union sides with the United States over Tuesday's U.S.-Chinese patrolling incident in the South China Sea. ](/news/2015/10/30/the-european-union-sides-with-the-united-states-over-tuesday-s-u-s-chinese-patrolling-incident-in-the-south-china-sea.md) _Context: China, South China Sea, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea, U.S._
10. [As a result of talks between U.S. Chief of Naval Operations Admiral John Richardson and Chinese Commander of the People's Liberation Army Navy Admiral Wu Shengli about a U.S. warship's transit with 12 nautical miles of China's man-made islands in the South China Sea, the United States and China agree to maintain dialogue and follow Code for Unplanned Encounters at Sea protocols, according to a U.S. official. ](/news/2015/10/29/as-a-result-of-talks-between-u-s-chief-of-naval-operations-admiral-john-richardson-and-chinese-commander-of-the-people-s-liberation-army-na.md) _Context: China, South China Sea, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea, U.S._
