### [2015-12-18](/news/2015/12/18/index.md)

# In the United States, a group of hospitals, 32 in 15 states, agree to pay a total of $28 million to settle charges they submitted false claims to Medicare for a type of spinal fracture treatment. This is the latest settlement stemming from a decade-old whistleblower lawsuit about alleged inappropriate billing for kyphoplasty. More than 130 hospitals have paid about $105 million to settle billing claims from this spinal procedure. 

A group of 32 hospitals will pay a total of $28 million to settle allegations that they submitted false claims to Medicare for a type of spinal fracture treatment, the U.S. Department of Justice said on Friday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-hospitals-medicare-settlement-idUSKBN0U120420151218)
2. [The Arizona Republic](http://www.azcentral.com/story/news/arizona/investigations/2015/12/18/banner-health-settlement-overbilling-medicare/77578924/)

### Related:

1. [Raytheon wins the dismissal of a USD$1 billion whistleblower lawsuit accusing the defense contractor of over billing the U.S. government on a contract for satellite sensors, nearly 18 months after the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit revived the case. ](/news/2017/08/3/raytheon-wins-the-dismissal-of-a-usd-1-billion-whistleblower-lawsuit-accusing-the-defense-contractor-of-over-billing-the-u-s-government-on.md) _Context: whistleblower_
2. [The U.S. House Intelligence Committee releases a summary of its two-year investigation into former NSA contractor Edward Snowden which downplays his alleged status as a whistleblower while acknowledging "tremendous damage to national security" as a result of the classified documents he stole. ](/news/2016/09/15/the-u-s-house-intelligence-committee-releases-a-summary-of-its-two-year-investigation-into-former-nsa-contractor-edward-snowden-which-downp.md) _Context: whistleblower_
3. [A cache of classified intelligence documents published from The Intercept, released by an anonymous whistleblower, highlight details surrounding post-September 11 attacks United States drone strikes in Afghanistan, Somalia, and Yemen, alleging that the United States conducts these strikes under extremely unreliable information and faulty pretenses. ](/news/2015/10/15/a-cache-of-classified-intelligence-documents-published-from-the-intercept-released-by-an-anonymous-whistleblower-highlight-details-surroun.md) _Context: whistleblower_
4. [As the scandal rages on, it emerges Martin Callinan, who resigned as Garda Commissioner this week, wished to withdraw his use of the word "disgusting" to describe the behaviour of whistleblowers but was prevented from doing so by officials in the Department of Justice. ](/news/2014/03/27/as-the-scandal-rages-on-it-emerges-martin-callinan-who-resigned-as-garda-commissioner-this-week-wished-to-withdraw-his-use-of-the-word-d.md) _Context: whistleblower_
5. [Martin Callinan resigns as Commissioner of Ireland's Garda Siochana (national police) over his "disgusting" comment about whistleblowers made to a parliamentary committee. Callinan had also been involved in controversy over the recent surveillance/bugging of GSOC. ](/news/2014/03/25/martin-callinan-resigns-as-commissioner-of-ireland-s-garda-saocha-na-national-police-over-his-disgusting-comment-about-whistleblowers-m.md) _Context: whistleblower_
6. [John Kiriakou, the former CIA agent, who publicly discussed the U.S. government agency's use of waterboarding interrogation techniques, is sentenced to 30 months in prison. An argument that he was a whistleblower was dismissed and he was instead convicted of violating an intelligence law, the first person to be successfully targeted under the statute in 27 years. ](/news/2013/01/25/john-kiriakou-the-former-cia-agent-who-publicly-discussed-the-u-s-government-agency-s-use-of-waterboarding-interrogation-techniques-is-s.md) _Context: whistleblower_
7. [A former Goldman Sachs employee blows the whistle on the investment bank having routinely taken advantage of charities and pension funds to increase its profits. ](/news/2012/10/22/a-former-goldman-sachs-employee-blows-the-whistle-on-the-investment-bank-having-routinely-taken-advantage-of-charities-and-pension-funds-to.md) _Context: whistleblower_
8. [Chuck Blazer, the FIFA official who blew the whistle on corruption within the governing body last year, faces accusations by Jack Warner of secretly funding the rent on a luxury New York apartment using funds from the football federation he ran. ](/news/2012/06/8/chuck-blazer-the-fifa-official-who-blew-the-whistle-on-corruption-within-the-governing-body-last-year-faces-accusations-by-jack-warner-of.md) _Context: whistleblower_
9. [Julian Assange's whistleblowing website Wikileaks announces that it will suspend the publication of classified files and will instead focus on fundraising, after a "financial blockade" by numerous American companies reportedly destroys 95% of the site's revenue. [http://www.guardian.co.uk/media/2011/oct/24/wikileaks-suspends-publishing?newsfeed=true "(The Guardian)"]](/news/2011/10/24/julian-assange-s-whistleblowing-website-wikileaks-announces-that-it-will-suspend-the-publication-of-classified-files-and-will-instead-focus.md) _Context: whistleblower_
10. [United Nations special rapporteur on torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment Juan E. Mendez suggests the United States is violating UN rules by refusing unmonitored access to imprisoned United States Army private Bradley Manning, the young serviceman the Obama administration accuses of passing classified information on secret U.S. activities to the WikiLeaks whistleblower website. ](/news/2011/07/12/united-nations-special-rapporteur-on-torture-and-other-cruel-inhuman-or-degrading-treatment-or-punishment-juan-e-ma-c-ndez-suggests-the-unit.md) _Context: whistleblower_
