### [2015-12-18](/news/2015/12/18/index.md)

# In the United States, JPMorgan Chase agrees to pay $307 million to settle federal cases where the bank failed to disclose certain conflicts of interest to some of its wealth management clients. 

JPMorgan Chase willpay $307 million to settle two U.S. government cases thatcharged the bank with failing to disclose certain conflicts ofinterest to some of its wealth management clients, U.S.regulators said on Friday.


### Source:

1. [Huffington Post](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/jpmorgan-chase-fines_56744228e4b0b958f6566bda)
2. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/jpmorgan-sec-settlement-idINL1N1471LF20151218)

### Related:

1. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: JPMorgan Chase_
2. [In the largest-ever settlement with the U.S. government, banking giant JPMorgan Chase agrees to pay $13 billion and admits to making serious misrepresentations over mortgage-backed securities. ](/news/2013/11/19/in-the-largest-ever-settlement-with-the-u-s-government-banking-giant-jpmorgan-chase-agrees-to-pay-13-billion-and-admits-to-making-serious.md) _Context: JPMorgan Chase_
3. [Reuters reports that the United States Department of Justice and JPMorgan Chase have reached a tentative $13 billion settlement on the issue of selling bad mortgage loans to investors, the practice that contributed to Subprime mortgage crisis. ](/news/2013/10/19/reuters-reports-that-the-united-states-department-of-justice-and-jpmorgan-chase-have-reached-a-tentative-13-billion-settlement-on-the-issue.md) _Context: JPMorgan Chase_
4. [JPMorgan Chase is fined $920 million for illegal practices (misleading investors and government regulators) related to trading losses in 2012. ](/news/2013/09/19/jpmorgan-chase-is-fined-920-million-for-illegal-practices-misleading-investors-and-government-regulators-related-to-trading-losses-in-201.md) _Context: JPMorgan Chase_
5. [JPMorgan Chase settles with the US Federal Energy Regulatory Commission for $410M due to alleged manipulation of energy markets in California and the Midwest. ](/news/2013/07/30/jpmorgan-chase-settles-with-the-us-federal-energy-regulatory-commission-for-410m-due-to-alleged-manipulation-of-energy-markets-in-californi.md) _Context: JPMorgan Chase_
6. [A watchdog group releases a report that details write-downs of $19 billion on more than 168,000 properties by five United States banks. Under terms of a federal and state settlement of foreclosure-processing violations reached one year ago in March, Bank of America lost the most and had $13.5 billion in homeowner debts written off. The other banks are Citigroup Inc, JPMorgan Chase & Co, Wells Fargo & Co, and Ally Financial Inc. ](/news/2013/02/21/a-watchdog-group-releases-a-report-that-details-write-downs-of-19-billion-on-more-than-168-000-properties-by-five-united-states-banks-unde.md) _Context: JPMorgan Chase_
7. [For $8.5 billion, ten banks settle to stop mortgage foreclosure process audits. The United States government regulators had been engaged in a loan-by-loan review of home loan practices during the Great Recession. Bank of America, Citigroup Inc, JPMorgan Chase & Co, Wells Fargo & Co, MetLife Bank, Aurora Bank FSB, PNC Financial Services Group Inc, Sovereign Bank NA, SunTrust Banks Inc, and U.S. Bancorp settle with regulators to pay out cash up to $125,000 to homeowners whose homes were being foreclosed when the paperwork problems emerged. Further, Bank of America agrees to pay $11.6 billion to government mortgage finance company Fannie Mae. ](/news/2013/01/7/for-8-5-billion-ten-banks-settle-to-stop-mortgage-foreclosure-process-audits-the-united-states-government-regulators-had-been-engaged-in.md) _Context: JPMorgan Chase_
8. [Tribune Co., the publishing and broadcasting giant that declared bankruptcy in December 2008, emerges from that status with new controlling shareholders including Oaktree Capital and JPMorgan Chase. ](/news/2012/12/31/tribune-co-the-publishing-and-broadcasting-giant-that-declared-bankruptcy-in-december-2008-emerges-from-that-status-with-new-controlling.md) _Context: JPMorgan Chase_
9. [Moody's downgrades the credit rating of 15 major world banks: UK (The Royal Bank of Scotland, Barclays and HSBC), US (Bank of America, Citigroup, Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan), Rest of world (Credit Suisse, UBS, BNP Paribas, Credit Agricole, Societe Generale, Deutsche Bank, Royal Bank of Canada and Morgan Stanley). ](/news/2012/06/21/moody-s-downgrades-the-credit-rating-of-15-major-world-banks-uk-the-royal-bank-of-scotland-barclays-and-hsbc-us-bank-of-america-citig.md) _Context: JPMorgan Chase_
10. [The United States' largest bank, Bank of America, is surpassed by JPMorgan Chase in total assets, according to Bank of America's quarterly financial earnings report. ](/news/2011/10/19/the-united-states-largest-bank-bank-of-america-is-surpassed-by-jpmorgan-chase-in-total-assets-according-to-bank-of-america-s-quarterly-f.md) _Context: JPMorgan Chase_
