### [2015-12-18](/news/2015/12/18/index.md)

# NATO allies agree to send aircraft and ships to strengthen Turkey's Syrian border air defenses and avoid incidents similar to November's  downing of a Russian jet. 

Resolution signals rare show of unity from 15-nation council, although future of president Bashar al-Assad is not mentioned


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-turkey-nato-exclusive-idUSKBN0U123520151218)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/dec/18/un-security-council-agree-resolution-on-syrian-peace-process)
3. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/global-leaders-struggle-to-agree-on-a-way-to-end-the-crisis-in-syria/2015/12/18/8c194686-a5ab-11e5-9c4e-be37f66848bb_story.html)

### Related:

1. [Turkish F-16 fighter jets shoot down a Russian Sukhoi Su-24 aircraft that had allegedly infringed its airspace near the Syrian border. Russia's Ministry of Defence denies the Su-24 entered Turkish airspace and initially said it was shot down by ground fire over Syria's Latakia Governorate. A video emerged of one pilot killed as local rebel Turkmen fighters shot at him while he was parachuting and a video of his body, while the fate of the other pilot is unknown but is presumed dead. A combat search and rescue mission by Russian forces failed to reach them. It is the first time a NATO member has shot down a Russian plane since the 1950s. ](/news/2015/11/24/turkish-f-16-fighter-jets-shoot-down-a-russian-sukhoi-su-24-aircraft-that-had-allegedly-infringed-its-airspace-near-the-syrian-border-russi.md) _Context: 2015 Russian Sukhoi Su-24 shootdown, NATO, Syria, Turkish_
2. [Syrian civil war:Russia arms Syria with Iskander missiles in response to NATO's stationing of Patriot missile defense systems in Turkey. ](/news/2012/12/8/syrian-civil-war-prussia-arms-syria-with-iskander-missiles-in-response-to-nato-s-stationing-of-patriot-missile-defense-systems-in-turkey.md) _Context: NATO, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Turkish_
3. [Syrian civil war:American admiral James G. Stavridis, NATO's Supreme Allied Commander Europe claims that Scud missiles fired by Syria at rebel forces have landed "fairly close" to the border with Turkey. ](/news/2012/12/14/syrian-civil-war-pamerican-admiral-james-g-stavridis-nato-s-supreme-allied-commander-europe-claims-that-scud-missiles-fired-by-syria-at-re.md) _Context: NATO, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Turkish_
4. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Turkish_
5. [The United Nations Security Council unanimously votes in favor of the Russian and Turkey-backed ceasefire currently in effect in Syria. ](/news/2017/01/1/the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-votes-in-favor-of-the-russian-and-turkey-backed-ceasefire-currently-in-effect-in-syria.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Turkish_
6. [Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ceasefire-is-said-to.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Turkish_
7. [Turkey sends more tanks into northern Syria to continue its offensive against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG). ](/news/2016/08/25/turkey-sends-more-tanks-into-northern-syria-to-continue-its-offensive-against-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-and-kurdish-people-s-prot.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Turkish_
8. [   Turkish shelling kills 55 Islamic State of Iraq and Syria insurgents in northern Syria in retaliation for rocket attacks on Kilis, a Turkish border town. ](/news/2016/05/8/turkish-shelling-kills-55-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-syria-insurgents-in-northern-syria-in-retaliation-for-rocket-attacks-on-kilis-a-turk.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Turkish_
9. [  Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan threatens unilateral action against Islamic State of Iraq and Syria inside Syria.  ](/news/2016/05/12/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-threatens-unilateral-action-against-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-syria-inside-syria.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Turkish_
10. [Rockets fired by ISIL from northern Syria hit a poor neighborhood and a mosque in the Turkish city of Kilis, killing one person and injuring 26 others. Turkish security forces responded by returning fire into Syria. ](/news/2016/04/24/rockets-fired-by-isil-from-northern-syria-hit-a-poor-neighborhood-and-a-mosque-in-the-turkish-city-of-kilis-killing-one-person-and-injuring.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Turkish_
