## [2015-12-18](/news/2015/12/18/index.md)

### [Two ballistic missiles are fired from Yemen at Saudi Arabia, one of which is intercepted by the kingdom's air defences, while the other missile lands near the city of Najran, according to a coalition statement on Saudi state media. No casualties have been reported. ](/news/2015/12/18/two-ballistic-missiles-are-fired-from-yemen-at-saudi-arabia-one-of-which-is-intercepted-by-the-kingdom-s-air-defences-while-the-other-miss.md)
_Context: Najran, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Saudi state media, Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_

### [A U.S. B-52 long-range bomber on a routine mission over the South China Sea mistakenly flew within two nautical miles of an artificial island built by China near the Cuarteron Reef in the disputed Spratly Islands archipelago, according to a senior U.S. defense official. The Chinese Defense Ministry issues a statement accusing the U.S. of deliberately raising tensions in the disputed region. ](/news/2015/12/18/a-u-s-b-52-long-range-bomber-on-a-routine-mission-over-the-south-china-sea-mistakenly-flew-within-two-nautical-miles-of-an-artificial-islan.md)
US Navy says its B-52 plane had no intention of flying so close to the Chinese-claimed Spratly archipelago in the South China Sea

### [An airstrike by the U.S.-led coalition hit Iraqi forces as the  army engaged militants in poor weather conditions south of the city of Fallujah. Official reports state one soldier was killed, and nine were injured, but casualties may be significantly higher. A military medic says he's  treated at least 20 for injuries. ](/news/2015/12/18/an-airstrike-by-the-u-s-led-coalition-hit-iraqi-forces-as-the-army-engaged-militants-in-poor-weather-conditions-south-of-the-city-of-fallu.md)
This is the first friendly fire report by the country&rsquo;s armed forces since U.S. airstrikes on the Islamic State began.

### [The African Union's Peace and Security Council approves the plan to send 5,000 peacekeepers to Burundi to protect civilians caught up in the growing crisis; approval by the U.N. Security Council is required. Burundi's Philippe Nzobonariba says the force would not be allowed in without government permission. ](/news/2015/12/18/the-african-union-s-peace-and-security-council-approves-the-plan-to-send-5-000-peacekeepers-to-burundi-to-protect-civilians-caught-up-in-the.md)
The African Union said it was ready to send 5,000 peacekeepers to Burundi to protect civilians caught up it a growing crisis, the first time the bloc has invoked powers to deploy troops to a member country against its will.

### [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says suspected Russian airstrikes kill 32 civilians, half of them women and children, in three areas in northern Syria. No suspected militants were killed in the attacks. ](/news/2015/12/18/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-suspected-russian-airstrikes-kill-32-civilians-half-of-them-women-and-children-in-three-areas.md)
London-based monitoring group says 1,900 killed, including 635 civilians, by Russian strikes since September

### [The Vatican announces Mother Teresa's eligibility for canonization after a Vatican spokesman confirmed Pope Francis' recognition of a second miracle attributed to her involving the healing of a Brazilian man with multiple brain tumors. The Vatican has yet to confirm a canonization date for Teresa. ](/news/2015/12/18/the-vatican-announces-mother-teresa-s-eligibility-for-canonization-after-a-vatican-spokesman-confirmed-pope-francis-recognition-of-a-second.md)
Brazilian man’s recovery from multiple brain tumours attributed by panel of experts to woman nicknamed the ‘Saint of the Gutters’

### [In the United States, JPMorgan Chase agrees to pay $307 million to settle federal cases where the bank failed to disclose certain conflicts of interest to some of its wealth management clients. ](/news/2015/12/18/in-the-united-states-jpmorgan-chase-agrees-to-pay-307-million-to-settle-federal-cases-where-the-bank-failed-to-disclose-certain-conflicts.md)
JPMorgan Chase willpay $307 million to settle two U.S. government cases thatcharged the bank with failing to disclose certain conflicts ofinterest to some of its wealth management clients, U.S.regulators said on Friday.

### [Isis Pharmaceuticals Inc. announces it will change its name to  Ionis Pharmaceuticals Inc. on December 22. Its  stock exchange ticker symbol will be IONS. ](/news/2015/12/18/isis-pharmaceuticals-inc-announces-it-will-change-its-name-to-ionis-pharmaceuticals-inc-on-december-22-its-stock-exchange-ticker-symbol.md)
After deliberating for most of the year, Isis Pharmaceuticals Inc said on Friday it would change its name to avoid being confused with the Islamist militant group known as ISIS.

### [The Chinese government warns residents in Northern China to prepare for a wave of choking smog arriving over the weekend and lasting through Tuesday, with Beijing affected hardest. The capital city issues its second-ever "red alert" -- the first was announced on December 7, 2015. This alert triggers the odd-even license plate system to halve cars on the road, and recommends schools close. China's National Meteorological Center reports the pollution will stretch from Xi'an, across part of Central China, through Beijing and up into Shenyang and Harbin in China's frigid northeast. ](/news/2015/12/18/the-chinese-government-warns-residents-in-northern-china-to-prepare-for-a-wave-of-choking-smog-arriving-over-the-weekend-and-lasting-through.md)
China warned residents across a large part of its north on Friday to prepare for a wave of choking smog arriving over the weekend, the worst of which is expected over Beijing, prompting the capital to issue its second ever &quot;red alert&quot;.

### [In Tokyo, Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull says his country is "very disappointed" with Japan's decision to resume whaling, but this dispute should not be allowed to hurt the two countries' special strategic ties. Malcolm Turnbull, who replaced Tony Abbott in September,  is on his first visit to Japan which will include talks with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. ](/news/2015/12/18/in-tokyo-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-says-his-country-is-avery-disappointeda-with-japanas-decision-to-resume-whaling.md)
_Context: Australia-Japan relations, Australian Prime Minister, Japan, Malcolm Turnbull, Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe, Tokyo, Tony Abbott, whaling_

### [NATO's  Aegis Ashore Ballistic Missile Defense System becomes partly operational at Romania's Deveselu airbase, as U.S. Navy personnel takes control of the site after years of construction. Aegis Ashore facilities in Romania form part of NATO's European missile defence system, with another site under construction in Poland expected to become operational by 2018. The United States Ambassador to Romania Hans G. Klemm says that they have explained to the Russians on numerous occasions that the missile system is, "not directed at Russia, nor does it have the capability to threaten Russia." The head of Russia's Strategic Missile Troops, Colonel General Sergei Karakayev, has dismissed the purported effectiveness of the missile defense system, saying Moscow develops "brand new and effective means and techniques to penetrate any missile defense system". ](/news/2015/12/18/nato-s-aegis-ashore-ballistic-missile-defense-system-becomes-partly-operational-at-romania-s-deveselu-airbase-as-u-s-navy-personnel-takes.md)
The new Aegis Ashore ballistic missile defense system at Romania’s Deveselu airbase is to come online Friday, as the US Navy takes control of the site after years of construction.

### [Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk says his country is imposing a moratorium on  repayment of a $3 billion debt to Russia following Moscow's refusal to accept repayment terms already offered to other international creditors.  This means Ukraine is likely to default on the debt, which is due Sunday. ](/news/2015/12/18/ukrainian-prime-minister-arseniy-yatsenyuk-says-his-country-is-imposing-a-moratorium-on-repayment-of-a-3-billion-debt-to-russia-following.md)
Ukraine faces a looming debt default after the country&#x27;s finance ministry said Thursday that the country cannot make a $3 billion debt due to Russia this weekend without violating a debt-restructuring deal with other international creditors. Ukraine, which is supposed to pay down the debt by Su...

### [The European Union warns Thailand that the country needs to quickly address the human rights and slavery issues in its seafood industry if it wants to avoid an EU import ban. ](/news/2015/12/18/the-european-union-warns-thailand-that-the-country-needs-to-quickly-address-the-human-rights-and-slavery-issues-in-its-seafood-industry-if-i.md)
(AP) — For the past year, The Associated Press has investigated slave labor in Thailand&#8217;s $7 billion seafood export industry, resulting in the freeing of more than 2,000 fishermen. This week, the AP came out with another investigation looking at slavery in shrimp processing sheds in Thailand...

### [NATO allies agree to send aircraft and ships to strengthen Turkey's Syrian border air defenses and avoid incidents similar to November's  downing of a Russian jet. ](/news/2015/12/18/nato-allies-agree-to-send-aircraft-and-ships-to-strengthen-turkey-s-syrian-border-air-defenses-and-avoid-incidents-similar-to-november-s-do.md)
Resolution signals rare show of unity from 15-nation council, although future of president Bashar al-Assad is not mentioned

### [In the United States, a group of hospitals, 32 in 15 states, agree to pay a total of $28 million to settle charges they submitted false claims to Medicare for a type of spinal fracture treatment. This is the latest settlement stemming from a decade-old whistleblower lawsuit about alleged inappropriate billing for kyphoplasty. More than 130 hospitals have paid about $105 million to settle billing claims from this spinal procedure. ](/news/2015/12/18/in-the-united-states-a-group-of-hospitals-32-in-15-states-agree-to-pay-a-total-of-28-million-to-settle-charges-they-submitted-false-clai.md)
A group of 32 hospitals will pay a total of $28 million to settle allegations that they submitted false claims to Medicare for a type of spinal fracture treatment, the U.S. Department of Justice said on Friday.

### [The Democratic National Committee suspends Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders' presidential campaign's access to its national voter database after a member of his campaign staff took advantage of a software error to review Hillary Clinton's private campaign data. In response, the campaign files a lawsuit. ](/news/2015/12/18/the-democratic-national-committee-suspends-vermont-senator-bernie-sanders-presidential-campaign-s-access-to-its-national-voter-database-aft.md)
The national party had accused the Sanders campaign of improperly accessing Clinton voter data.

## [Previous Day...](/news/2015/12/17/index.md)

