### [2015-12-18](/news/2015/12/18/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War. Turkish involvement in the Syrian Civil War. NATO allies agree to send aircraft and ships to strengthen Turkey's Syrian border air defenses and avoid incidents similar to November's downing of a Russian jet. 

Resolution signals rare show of unity from 15-nation council, although future of president Bashar al-Assad is not mentioned


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-turkey-nato-exclusive-idUSKBN0U123520151218)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/dec/18/un-security-council-agree-resolution-on-syrian-peace-process)
3. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/global-leaders-struggle-to-agree-on-a-way-to-end-the-crisis-in-syria/2015/12/18/8c194686-a5ab-11e5-9c4e-be37f66848bb_story.html)

### Related:

1. [Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War. 2015 Russian Sukhoi Su-24 shootdown. Turkish F-16 fighter jets shoot down a Russian Sukhoi Su-24 aircraft that had allegedly infringed its airspace near the Syrian border. Russia's Ministry of Defence denies the Su-24 entered Turkish airspace and initially said it was shot down by ground fire over Syria's Latakia Governorate. A video emerged of one pilot killed as local rebel Turkmen fighters shot at him while he was parachuting and a video of his body, while the fate of the other pilot is unknown but is presumed dead. A combat search and rescue mission by Russian forces failed to reach them. It is the first time a NATO member has shot down a Russian plane since the 1950s. ](/news/2015/11/24/russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-2015-russian-sukhoi-su-24-shootdown-turkish-f-16-fighter-jets-shoot-down-a-russian-s.md) _Context: 2015 downing, NATO, Syria, Turkey_
2. [Syrian civil war:. Russia arms Syria with Iskander missiles in response to NATO's stationing of Patriot missile defense systems in Turkey. ](/news/2012/12/8/syrian-civil-war-russia-arms-syria-with-iskander-missiles-in-response-to-nato-s-stationing-of-patriot-missile-defense-systems-in-turkey.md) _Context: NATO, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
3. [Syrian civil war:. American admiral James G. Stavridis, NATO's Supreme Allied Commander Europe claims that Scud missiles fired by Syria at rebel forces have landed "fairly close" to the border with Turkey. ](/news/2012/12/14/syrian-civil-war-american-admiral-james-g-stavridis-nato-s-supreme-allied-commander-europe-claims-that-scud-missiles-fired-by-syria-at-r.md) _Context: NATO, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
4. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
5. [Syrian Civil War. The United Nations Security Council unanimously votes in favor of the Russian and Turkey-backed ceasefire currently in effect in Syria. ](/news/2017/01/1/syrian-civil-war-the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-votes-in-favor-of-the-russian-and-turkey-backed-ceasefire-currently-in-eff.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
6. [Syrian Civil War. Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/syrian-civil-war-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ce.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
7. [Syrian Civil War. Turkey sends more tanks into northern Syria to continue its offensive against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG). ](/news/2016/08/25/syrian-civil-war-turkey-sends-more-tanks-into-northern-syria-to-continue-its-offensive-against-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-and-kur.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
8. [ Syrian Civil War. Spillover of the Syrian Civil War. Turkey-ISIL conflict. Turkish shelling kills 55 Islamic State of Iraq and Syria insurgents in northern Syria in retaliation for rocket attacks on Kilis, a Turkish border town. [http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-turkey-idUSKCN0XZ05R (Reuters)] [http://www.dailyprogress.com/news/world/wire/report-turkey-attacks-is-in-syria-militants-killed/article_4b13cd44-6a6b-5be8-91ba-5d4b5cf3af2b.html (Daily Progress)]. Three Spanish journalists were released after being abducted around Aleppo, Syria, and held hostage by the Al-Nusra Front since 13 July 2015. [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/05/07/three-spanish-journalists-released-in-syria-by-al-qaeda-group-af/ (The Telegraph (UK))]](/news/2016/05/8/syrian-civil-war-spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-turkey-isil-conflict-turkish-shelling-kills-55-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-syria-insu.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
9. [ Syrian Civil War. Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan threatens unilateral action against Islamic State of Iraq and Syria inside Syria. ](/news/2016/05/12/syrian-civil-war-turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-threatens-unilateral-action-against-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-syria-inside-syria.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
10. [Syrian Civil War. Rockets fired by ISIL from northern Syria hit a poor neighborhood and a mosque in the Turkish city of Kilis, killing one person and injuring 26 others. Turkish security forces responded by returning fire into Syria. ](/news/2016/04/24/syrian-civil-war-rockets-fired-by-isil-from-northern-syria-hit-a-poor-neighborhood-and-a-mosque-in-the-turkish-city-of-kilis-killing-one-p.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
