### [2015-12-18](/news/2015/12/18/index.md)

# The Chinese government warns residents in Northern China to prepare for a wave of choking smog arriving over the weekend and lasting through Tuesday, with Beijing affected hardest. The capital city issues its second-ever "red alert" -- the first was announced on December 7, 2015. This alert triggers the odd-even license plate system to halve cars on the road, and recommends schools close. China's National Meteorological Center reports the pollution will stretch from Xi'an, across part of Central China, through Beijing and up into Shenyang and Harbin in China's frigid northeast. 

China warned residents across a large part of its north on Friday to prepare for a wave of choking smog arriving over the weekend, the worst of which is expected over Beijing, prompting the capital to issue its second ever &quot;red alert&quot;.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/us-china-pollution-idINKBN0U102Z20151218)
2. [South China Morning Post](http://www.scmp.com/news/china/policies-politics/article/1892504/airpocalypse-iii-worst-smog-year-headed-northern-china)

### Related:

1. [Elementary and middle schools in the Chinese capital Beijing suspend outdoor activities due to heavy smog. ](/news/2015/12/6/elementary-and-middle-schools-in-the-chinese-capital-beijing-suspend-outdoor-activities-due-to-heavy-smog.md) _Context: Beijing, Pollution in China, smog_
2. [The Government of China begins a two-day summit in Beijing, in an attempt to raise international support for its Belt and Road Initiative. ](/news/2017/05/14/the-government-of-china-begins-a-two-day-summit-in-beijing-in-an-attempt-to-raise-international-support-for-its-belt-and-road-initiative.md) _Context: Beijing, Government of China_
3. [Beijing's city government issues its first red alert for pollution, ordering schools to close, halting outdoor construction, and restricting car use due to hazardous air quality. ](/news/2015/12/7/beijing-s-city-government-issues-its-first-red-alert-for-pollution-ordering-schools-to-close-halting-outdoor-construction-and-restricting.md) _Context: Beijing, Pollution in China_
4. [The capitals of the world's two most populous nations, China and India, are blanketed in hazardous, choking smog. Beijing, on the second-highest pollution alert, is closing highways, halting or suspending construction while warning residents to stay indoors. The U.S. New Delhi embassy's monitoring station recorded an air quality index of 372, putting air pollution levels into "hazardous" territory. No action by the New Delhi government. ](/news/2015/11/30/the-capitals-of-the-worldas-two-most-populous-nations-china-and-india-are-blanketed-in-hazardous-choking-smog-beijing-on-the-second-h.md) _Context: Beijing, smog_
5. [Chinese state news agency Xinhua joins critics of Shenyang's handling of serious pollution problems. "The city of Shenyang has failed to apply emergency measures that could have reduced smog, and didn't provide advisories to residents to stay indoors," Xinhua wrote. The BBC reported pollution readings in the northeastern Chinese city have been 50 times higher than levels considered safe by the World Health Organization (WHO). ](/news/2015/11/10/chinese-state-news-agency-xinhua-joins-critics-of-shenyang-s-handling-of-serious-pollution-problems-the-city-of-shenyang-has-failed-to-app.md) _Context: Pollution in China, Shenyang_
6. [China's National Meteorological Center of CMA warns of heavy smog in northern and central China over the next two days. ](/news/2014/02/25/china-s-national-meteorological-center-of-cma-warns-of-heavy-smog-in-northern-and-central-china-over-the-next-two-days.md) _Context: National Meteorological Center, smog_
7. [Demonstrations occur against Japan in Beijing, Shanghai, Shenyang and Chongqing on the anniversary of the Mukden Incident. ](/news/2010/09/18/demonstrations-occur-against-japan-in-beijing-shanghai-shenyang-and-chongqing-on-the-anniversary-of-the-mukden-incident.md) _Context: Beijing, Shenyang_
8. [A stalemate between China and India leads to fears that the ongoing stand-off over Doklam in the Himalayas, disputed by Bhutan, may continue into the winter. It comes after rumors that Indian National Security Adviser Ajit Doval may travel to Beijing later this month. "[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/beijing-wont-have-formal-talks-with-india-stand-off-may-continue-till-winter-chinese-expert/articleshow/59615025.cms (Economic Times)]"](/news/2017/07/16/a-stalemate-between-china-and-india-leads-to-fears-that-the-ongoing-stand-off-over-doklam-in-the-himalayas-disputed-by-bhutan-may-continue.md) _Context: Beijing_
9. [Following the death of 22-year-old U.S. student Otto Warmbier, touring firm Young Pioneer Tours, who arranged Otto's visit to North Korea, say they will no longer be taking U.S. citizens to North Korea as the "risk is too high". Beijing-based Koryo Tours say they are reviewing their positions on taking U.S. citizens to the country. ](/news/2017/06/20/following-the-death-of-22-year-old-u-s-student-otto-warmbier-touring-firm-young-pioneer-tours-who-arranged-otto-s-visit-to-north-korea-s.md) _Context: Beijing_
10. [A severe dust storm impacts North China, causing flight cancellations at Beijing Capital International Airport. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-severe-dust-storm-impacts-north-china-causing-flight-cancellations-at-beijing-capital-international-airport.md) _Context: North China_
