### [2015-12-18](/news/2015/12/18/index.md)

# The Vatican announces Mother Teresa's eligibility for canonization after a Vatican spokesman confirmed Pope Francis' recognition of a second miracle attributed to her involving the healing of a Brazilian man with multiple brain tumors. The Vatican has yet to confirm a canonization date for Teresa. 

Brazilian man’s recovery from multiple brain tumours attributed by panel of experts to woman nicknamed the ‘Saint of the Gutters’


### Source:

1. [Agence France-Presse via ''The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/news/2015/dec/18/mother-teresa-to-become-saint-after-pope-recognises-miracle-report)
2. [Reuters via ''The Hindu](http://www.thehindu.com/news/international/mother-teresa-to-be-made-catholic-saint-in-september-paper/article8004016.ece)

### Related:

1. [Pope Francis announces that Mother Teresa will be canonized on September 4. ](/news/2016/03/15/pope-francis-announces-that-mother-teresa-will-be-canonized-on-september-4.md) _Context: Mother Teresa, Pope Francis, canonize_
2. [The Holy See and Myanmar establish full diplomatic relations following a meeting between Pope Francis and Myanmar's State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-holy-see-and-myanmar-establish-full-diplomatic-relations-following-a-meeting-between-pope-francis-and-myanmar-s-state-counsellor-aung-sa.md) _Context: Holy See, Pope Francis_
3. [Pope Francis intends to canonize two of the children who had visions at Fatima. ](/news/2017/05/10/pope-francis-intends-to-canonize-two-of-the-children-who-had-visions-at-fatima.md) _Context: Pope Francis, canonize_
4. [Pope Francis's visit to Armenia this weekend may stress relations with Turkey. The Pope is seeking to avoid reigniting the diplomatic dispute that arose last year when he described the 1915 mass killings of Armenians as a genocide. The Vatican prefers the Armenian phrase "Medz Yeghern," which roughly translates as "the great evil or calamity." ](/news/2016/06/23/pope-francis-s-visit-to-armenia-this-weekend-may-stress-relations-with-turkey-the-pope-is-seeking-to-avoid-reigniting-the-diplomatic-disput.md) _Context: Holy See, Pope Francis_
5. [The Vatican  is replacing Italian Archbishop Carlo Maria Vigano,  the Apostolic Nuncio to the U.S., with French-born Archbishop Christophe Pierre, currently the Apostolic Nuncio to Mexico.  Vigano, who is 75, the statutory retirement age, in 2015 arranged the unexpected  meeting between   Pope Francis and controversial Kentucky clerk Kim Davis, who refused to follow her state's law on same-sex marriage. ](/news/2016/03/17/the-vatican-is-replacing-italian-archbishop-carlo-maria-vigana2-the-apostolic-nuncio-to-the-u-s-with-french-born-archbishop-christophe.md) _Context: Holy See, Pope Francis_
6. [Pope Francis, in his annual pre-Christmas speech, urged the Roman Curia (cardinals and bishops who direct Holy See actions),   to follow his "catalogue of virtues," e.g., to show more maturity, honesty, humility, and sobriety in their tasks. He listed "Curial antibiotics" to treat the "15 ailments of the Curia" he outlined last year and which still plague the Vatican. ](/news/2015/12/21/pope-francis-in-his-annual-pre-christmas-speech-urged-the-roman-curia-cardinals-and-bishops-who-direct-holy-see-actions-to-follow-his.md) _Context: Holy See, Pope Francis_
7. [A one-year old baby girl with an apparently incurable illness, who was kissed by Pope Francis during his visit to Philadelphia in September, gets MRI results showing her brain tumor has shrunk significantly. Some friends and family call it the "Miracle on Market Street." ](/news/2015/11/25/a-one-year-old-baby-girl-with-an-apparently-incurable-illness-who-was-kissed-by-pope-francis-during-his-visit-to-philadelphia-in-september.md) _Context: Pope Francis, brain tumor_
8. [The Vatican denies an Italian newspaper report that Pope Francis has a benign brain tumour, saying the 78-year-old pontiff is in good health, and denounces the article as utterly reprehensible. ](/news/2015/10/21/the-vatican-denies-an-italian-newspaper-report-that-pope-francis-has-a-benign-brain-tumour-saying-the-78-year-old-pontiff-is-in-good-health.md) _Context: Holy See, Pope Francis_
9. [At the beginning of today's weekly general audience, Pope Francis asks for  forgiveness for the scandals which have recently hit Rome and the Vatican. He did not offer details. The Church's Synod on the Family concludes Sunday, October 25, 2015. ](/news/2015/10/14/at-the-beginning-of-today-s-weekly-general-audience-pope-francis-asks-for-forgiveness-for-the-scandals-which-have-recently-hit-rome-and-th.md) _Context: Holy See, Pope Francis_
10. [At the Vatican, Pope Francis's officials in the Roman Curia formally release the text of his most recent encyclical, ''Laudato si'''. The text, which had been quite anticipated by many sides on the climate change debate and been criticized by some for his involvement in the politicized and charged issue, had been previously leaked. ](/news/2015/06/18/at-the-vatican-pope-francis-s-officials-in-the-roman-curia-formally-release-the-text-of-his-most-recent-encyclical-laudato-si-the-te.md) _Context: Holy See, Pope Francis_
