### [2015-12-18](/news/2015/12/18/index.md)

# Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk says his country is imposing a moratorium on repayment of a $3 billion debt to Russia following Moscow's refusal to accept repayment terms already offered to other international creditors. This means Ukraine is likely to default on the debt, which is due Sunday. 

Ukraine faces a looming debt default after the country&#x27;s finance ministry said Thursday that the country cannot make a $3 billion debt due to Russia this weekend without violating a debt-restructuring deal with other international creditors. Ukraine, which is supposed to pay down the debt by Sunday, said it is ready to keep negotiating with Russia about...


### Source:

1. [AP via ABC news](http://www.nbcnews.com/business/economy/ukraine-russia-we-cant-pay-3-billion-debt-we-owe-n482371)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/business-35132258)

### Related:

1. [Ukraine sues Russia at the International Court of Justice, accusing the latter of being engaged in acts of "terrorism" and "discrimination" in eastern Ukraine and Crimea. ](/news/2017/01/16/ukraine-sues-russia-at-the-international-court-of-justice-accusing-the-latter-of-being-engaged-in-acts-of-terrorism-and-discrimination.md) _Context: Russia, Russia-Ukraine relations, Ukraine_
2. [A Ukrainian court sentences two Russian nationals to 14 years in prison each on charges of fighting alongside Russian-backed separatists in eastern Ukraine. Moscow contends that the two Russians were no longer employed by the state when they were captured. ](/news/2016/04/18/a-ukrainian-court-sentences-two-russian-nationals-to-14-years-in-prison-each-on-charges-of-fighting-alongside-russian-backed-separatists-in.md) _Context: Russia, Russia-Ukraine relations, Ukraine_
3. [The Ukrainian parliament votes to ban all Russian films released after January 1, 2014, saying the move is aimed at improving "national security"; more than 430 Russian films and TV series fall under the new measures. Last month, the State Committee in Television and Radio-broadcasting in Ukraine removed 15 Russian TV channels from being broadcast in Ukraine. ](/news/2016/03/30/the-ukrainian-parliament-votes-to-ban-all-russian-films-released-after-january-1-2014-saying-the-move-is-aimed-at-improving-anational-se.md) _Context: Russia, Russia-Ukraine relations, Ukraine_
4. [Russia's Finance Ministry sues Ukraine in London's High Court of Justice over a $3 billion debt. Payment was due December 21, 2015. Negotiations between Kiev and Moscow have not reached an agreement. Over the last 6 months Ukrainian government officials repeatedly stated they refuse to pay the debt. ](/news/2016/02/17/russia-s-finance-ministry-sues-ukraine-in-london-s-high-court-of-justice-over-a-3-billion-debt-payment-was-due-december-21-2015-negotiat.md) _Context: Russia-Ukraine relations, Russian Government, Ukraine_
5. [Ukraine bans Russian cargo trucks from transiting its territory after Russia's Ministry of Transport barred Ukrainian cargo trucks because armed groups had been blocking some Russian trucks from entering Ukraine. ](/news/2016/02/15/ukraine-bans-russian-cargo-trucks-from-transiting-its-territory-after-russia-s-ministry-of-transport-barred-ukrainian-cargo-trucks-because-a.md) _Context: Russia, Russia-Ukraine relations, Ukraine_
6. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Russia had failed to protect students and teachers during the 2004 Beslan school siege, which left 334 people dead, and orders the Russian Government to pay 2,955,000 euros to 409 relatives of the victims. The ruling was quickly denounced by Russia as "unacceptable". ](/news/2017/04/13/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-russia-had-failed-to-protect-students-and-teachers-during-the-2004-beslan-school-siege-which.md) _Context: Russia, Russian Government_
7. [The Security Service of Ukraine bans Yuliya Samoylova, Russia's entrant in this year's Eurovision Song Contest, from entering the country. This follows allegations that she had toured in Crimea following its annexation by Russia. ](/news/2017/03/22/the-security-service-of-ukraine-bans-yuliya-samoylova-russia-s-entrant-in-this-year-s-eurovision-song-contest-from-entering-the-country-t.md) _Context: Russia, Russia-Ukraine relations_
8. [At the Munich Security Conference, a truce between Russian-backed separatists and the Ukrainian army, per the Minsk Protocol, takes effect Monday. Pending a permanent political agreement, Russian President Vladimir Putin orders that civil registration documents issued in separatist-held areas of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine be temporarily recognized. Ukrainian authorities say this violates provisions in the Minsk agreement. This is the third such agreement because the previous two in 2014 and 2015 were violated. Low-level fighting and artillery fire never fully stopped. ](/news/2017/02/18/at-the-munich-security-conference-a-truce-between-russian-backed-separatists-and-the-ukrainian-army-per-the-minsk-protocol-takes-effect-m.md) _Context: Russia, Ukraine_
9. [The European Union extends its main Ukraine-related economic sanctions against Russia for six months until mid-2017. ](/news/2016/12/15/the-european-union-extends-its-main-ukraine-related-economic-sanctions-against-russia-for-six-months-until-mid-2017.md) _Context: Russia, Ukraine_
10. [Ukraine starts a missile test near Crimea, annexed by Russia in 2014, while Russia puts its air-defense and naval forces in the region on high alert. ](/news/2016/12/1/ukraine-starts-a-missile-test-near-crimea-annexed-by-russia-in-2014-while-russia-puts-its-air-defense-and-naval-forces-in-the-region-on-hi.md) _Context: Russia, Ukraine_
