### [2015-12-18](/news/2015/12/18/index.md)

# Yemeni Civil War (2015). Two ballistic missiles are fired from Yemen at Saudi Arabia, one of which is intercepted by the kingdom's air defences, while the other missile lands near the city of Najran, according to a coalition statement on Saudi state media. No casualties have been reported. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via AhramOnline](http://english.ahram.org.eg/NewsContent/2/8/173847/World/Region/BREAKING-Two-ballistic-missiles-fired-at-Saudi-fro.aspx)

### Related:

1. [Yemeni Civil War (2015). Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen. Two senior army commanders from Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are killed, including the head of the Saudi Special forces in Yemen, Colonel Abdullah al-Sahyan, along with dozens of Saudi, Emirati, Sudanese and Yemeni coalition troops in a OTR-21 Tochka missile attack by Houthi forces on their base near the city of Taiz in southwestern Yemen. ](/news/2015/12/14/yemeni-civil-war-2015-saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-two-senior-army-commanders-from-saudi-arabia-and-the-united-arab-emirates.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
2. [Yemeni Civil War (2015). Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen. Yemen's Sana'a-controlled forces fire a Scud missile at Saudi Arabia in retaliation to Saudi "war crimes". A spokesman for Yemen's military allied with Houthi militants said the missile hit a Saudi airbase and caused "widespread destruction". There was no immediate comment from the Saudi side. ](/news/2015/10/15/yemeni-civil-war-2015-saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-yemen-s-sana-a-controlled-forces-fire-a-scud-missile-at-saudi-arabia-in-re.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
3. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen. Yemeni Civil War (2015). Five Saudi troops are killed following clashes with Houthi militants in the southern Najran region near the border with Yemen. ](/news/2015/09/14/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-yemeni-civil-war-2015-five-saudi-troops-are-killed-following-clashes-with-houthi-militants-in-th.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
4. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen. A projectile fired from Yemen into the city of Najran kills a Saudi Arabian citizen. ](/news/2015/08/2/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-a-projectile-fired-from-yemen-into-the-city-of-najran-kills-a-saudi-arabian-citizen.md) _Context: Najran, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
5. [ Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen. Yemen's Houthi rebels shell the Saudi Arabian cities of Jizan and Najran with claims of several Saudi soldiers being killed. ](/news/2015/07/4/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-yemen-s-houthi-rebels-shell-the-saudi-arabian-cities-of-jizan-and-najran-with-claims-of-several-sa.md) _Context: Najran, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
6. [Saudi Arabia-United States relations. Yemeni Civil War (2015-present). The United States is to limit military support to Saudi Arabia's military intervention in Yemen amid concerns over rising civilian casualties. ](/news/2016/12/13/saudi-arabia-united-states-relations-yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-the-united-states-is-to-limit-military-support-to-saudi-arabia-s.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
7. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present). Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen. The Saudi-led coalition announces a 48 hour ceasefire in Yemen from noon. ](/news/2016/11/19/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-the-saudi-led-coalition-announces-a-48-hour-ceasefire-in-yemen-f.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
8. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen. Two prisons in Al Hudaydah, Yemen, are bombed by Saudi Arabian jets, leaving at least 60 dead. ](/news/2016/10/29/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-two-prisons-in-al-hudaydah-yemen-are-bombed-by-saudi-arabian-jets-leaving-at-least-60-dead.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
9. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen. The death toll from a Saudi-led Arab coalition airstrike which hit a house in a residential area in western Yemen has risen to 26 people. ](/news/2016/09/22/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-the-death-toll-from-a-saudi-led-arab-coalition-airstrike-which-hit-a-house-in-a-residential-area-in.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
10. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen. At least 14 people are killed after Saudi-led coalition airstrikes hit a food factory in Yemen's capital Sana'a. The airstrikes come just days after the suspension of inconclusive peace talks in Kuwait. ](/news/2016/08/9/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-at-least-14-people-are-killed-after-saudi-led-coalition-airstrikes-hit-a-food-factory-in-yemen-s-ca.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
