### [2010-12-26](/news/2010/12/26/index.md)

# Dr Ezzeldeen Abu al-Aish files a lawsuit against Israel one day before the second anniversary of Israel's War on Gaza. Abu al-Aish's three daughters were killed at home by Israeli forces on live television on 16 January 2009 as the gynaecologist was doing an interview with Israel's Channel 10 television. 

Father of three daughters killed by Israeli forces files case after failing to reach compensation deal.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2010/12/2010122692144549633.html)

### Related:

1. [Gaza War:: Israel asks the United Nations to disavow the Goldstone Report after the report's author, Judge Richard Goldstone, says that he retracts the accusation that Israel intentionally targeted civilians during the 2008-2009 Gaza War. ](/news/2011/04/2/gaza-war-israel-asks-the-united-nations-to-disavow-the-goldstone-report-after-the-report-s-author-judge-richard-goldstone-says-that-he-r.md) _Context: 2008-2009 Gaza War, Israel_
2. [Two attempts in South Africa to arrest former Israeli foreign minister Tzipi Livni for alleged war crimes during the war on Gaza are rejected. ](/news/2011/01/19/two-attempts-in-south-africa-to-arrest-former-israeli-foreign-minister-tzipi-livni-for-alleged-war-crimes-during-the-war-on-gaza-are-rejecte.md) _Context: 2008-2009 Gaza War, Israel_
3. [Amnesty International criticises the British government for spending nearly GBP1 billion on 30 Watchkeeper WK450 unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) which Israel's military allegedly "field-tested on Palestinians" during the Gaza War. ](/news/2011/01/14/amnesty-international-criticises-the-british-government-for-spending-nearly-agbp1-billion-on-30-watchkeeper-wk450-unmanned-aerial-vehicles.md) _Context: 2008-2009 Gaza War, Israel_
4. [A senior Israeli army officer tells the BBC that another Gaza War is "a question of when, not if" should Hamas continue to control the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2010/12/22/a-senior-israeli-army-officer-tells-the-bbc-that-another-gaza-war-is-a-question-of-when-not-if-should-hamas-continue-to-control-the-gaza.md) _Context: 2008-2009 Gaza War, Israel_
5. [An Israeli military tribunal convicts two Israeli soldiers for using a Palestinian child as a human shield during an offensive in Gaza in 2009, said to be the first conviction of its kind in Israel's history. ](/news/2010/10/3/an-israeli-military-tribunal-convicts-two-israeli-soldiers-for-using-a-palestinian-child-as-a-human-shield-during-an-offensive-in-gaza-in-20.md) _Context: 2008-2009 Gaza War, Israel_
6. [Israel's military police investigates an air raid that killed at least 21 members of a single family and injured 19 others during the 2008-2009 Gaza War. ](/news/2010/10/24/israel-s-military-police-investigates-an-air-raid-that-killed-at-least-21-members-of-a-single-family-and-injured-19-others-during-the-2008-2.md) _Context: 2008-2009 Gaza War, Israel_
7. [Israel tells the United Nations it will limit the use of fatal burning weapon white phosphorus in future conflicts after using it on civilians during its War on Gaza. ](/news/2010/07/21/israel-tells-the-united-nations-it-will-limit-the-use-of-fatal-burning-weapon-white-phosphorus-in-future-conflicts-after-using-it-on-civilia.md) _Context: 2008-2009 Gaza War, Israel_
8. [United Nations figures indicate around 225 families remain homeless in Gaza since Israel's three-week military offensive was launched in December 2008. ](/news/2010/07/18/united-nations-figures-indicate-around-225-families-remain-homeless-in-gaza-since-israel-s-three-week-military-offensive-was-launched-in-dec.md) _Context: 2008-2009 Gaza War, Israel_
9. [A 2001 film, depicting Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu discussing methods of undermining the Oslo Accords and saying the United States is "easy" to manipulate, is aired on Israel's Channel 10. ](/news/2010/07/18/a-2001-film-depicting-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-discussing-methods-of-undermining-the-oslo-accords-and-saying-the-united.md) _Context: Channel 10, Israel_
10. [In its annual report, Amnesty International says human rights abuses and repression increased in Iran and China last year, the African Union refused to cooperate with the International Criminal Court after it indicted Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir for war crimes in Darfur, the United Nations- Human Rights Council took little action while Sri Lanka-s army and Tamil militants both committed potential war crimes, and Israel and the militant group Hamas did not follow up on reports that accused both sides of human rights abuses during the Gaza War. ](/news/2010/05/27/in-its-annual-report-amnesty-international-says-human-rights-abuses-and-repression-increased-in-iran-and-china-last-year-the-african-union.md) _Context: 2008-2009 Gaza War, Israel_
