### [2010-12-26](/news/2010/12/26/index.md)

# Egypt sends to Damascus a dossier of sensitive technical information involving details of an Israeli spy ring in Syria, including a high ranking chemical expert who assisted Israel for 13 years. 




### Source:

1. [Ahram Online](http://english.ahram.org.eg/NewsContent/2/8/2675/World/Region/Egyptian-spy-handed-Israel-files-on-Syrias-nuclear.aspx)

### Related:

1. [Egyptian President Mohamed Morsi cuts diplomatic ties with Syria and orders the Egyptian embassy in Damascus to close. ](/news/2013/06/15/egyptian-president-mohamed-morsi-cuts-diplomatic-ties-with-syria-and-orders-the-egyptian-embassy-in-damascus-to-close.md) _Context: Damascus, Egypt, Syria_
2. [Syrian Civil War: According to Syrian state media, two suicide bombers attack in Damascus, killing at least 31 people. ](/news/2017/03/15/syrian-civil-war-according-to-syrian-state-media-two-suicide-bombers-attack-in-damascus-killing-at-least-31-people.md) _Context: Damascus, Syria_
3. [Syrian Civil War: Tahrir al-Sham, al-Qaeda's branch in Syria, claims responsibility for yesterday's twin bomb attacks in Damascus which left dozens dead. ](/news/2017/03/12/syrian-civil-war-tahrir-al-sham-al-qaeda-s-branch-in-syria-claims-responsibility-for-yesterday-s-twin-bomb-attacks-in-damascus-which-left.md) _Context: Damascus, Syria_
4. [Israel-Iran proxy conflict: Allegedly Israeli fighter jets strike a suspected Hezbollah weapons convoy near Damascus, Syria. ](/news/2016/11/30/israel-iran-proxy-conflict-allegedly-israeli-fighter-jets-strike-a-suspected-hezbollah-weapons-convoy-near-damascus-syria.md) _Context: Damascus, Syria_
5. [Syrian civil war: Several bombings kill at least 40 people in government and Kurdish held territory across Syria, including Tartus, Homs, Al-Hasakah and Damascus. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/09/5/syrian-civil-war-several-bombings-kill-at-least-40-people-in-government-and-kurdish-held-territory-across-syria-including-tartus-homs-al.md) _Context: Damascus, Syria_
6. [Syrian Civil War: A suicide bomb attack in Syria's capital Damascus kills at least 10 people. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/02/9/syrian-civil-war-a-suicide-bomb-attack-in-syria-s-capital-damascus-kills-at-least-10-people-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-claim.md) _Context: Damascus, Syria_
7. [Syrian Civil War: Syrian rebels fire volleys of mortar shells into Damascus, killing three people and wounding at least 30. Government forces respond with airstrikes into rebel-controlled Douma, just northeast of the capital, and surface-to-surface missiles into Eastern Ghouta and Saqba, that kill at least 35 people and injure many more, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2015/12/13/syrian-civil-war-syrian-rebels-fire-volleys-of-mortar-shells-into-damascus-killing-three-people-and-wounding-at-least-30-government-force.md) _Context: Damascus, Syria_
8. [Kuwaiti authorities announce they arrested six members of an extremist network suspected of supplying funds and weapons, including rockets, to Daesh (Islamic State) militants. Four others are still being sought outside of the country. The group includes a Lebanese, an Egyptian, five Syrians, two Australians, and a Kuwaiti national. ](/news/2015/11/19/kuwaiti-authorities-announce-they-arrested-six-members-of-an-extremist-network-suspected-of-supplying-funds-and-weapons-including-rockets.md) _Context: Egypt, Syria_
9. [Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War: The Russian military launches cruise missile strikes from the Mediterranean on ISIS positions in Al-Raqqah, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's de facto capital in Syria, Aleppo, and Idlib. A U.S. official confirms that Russia has conducted a significant number of strikes in Syria using both sea-launched cruise missiles and long-range bombers. Russian President Vladimir Putin has pledged to escalate his military campaign in Syria after it was confirmed that a bomb brought down Metrojet Flight 9268 over Egypt's Sinai Peninsula. ](/news/2015/11/17/russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-the-russian-military-launches-cruise-missile-strikes-from-the-mediterranean-on-isis-p.md) _Context: Egypt, Syria_
10. [Syrian Civil War: Russian involvement in the Syrian Civil War: Two shells hit the Russian embassy in Syria's capital Damascus, as hundreds of pro-government supporters rallied outside in support of Russian airstrikes. Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov described the shelling as "a terrorist act." ](/news/2015/10/13/syrian-civil-war-russian-involvement-in-the-syrian-civil-war-two-shells-hit-the-russian-embassy-in-syria-s-capital-damascus-as-hundreds-o.md) _Context: Damascus, Syria_
