### [2016-01-29](/news/2016/01/29/index.md)

# Hillary Clinton email controversy. The Government of the United States rules that 22 emails on Hillary Clinton's home server contained closely guarded information rated as "Top Secret". 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/e19abf78b6fe43e7b7719f059901630d/apnewsbreak-govt-finds-top-secret-info-clinton-emails)

### Related:

1. [Hillary Clinton email controversy. Federal Bureau of Investigation chief James Comey tells the United States Congress that he has found no evidence of criminality by Hillary Clinton in relation to a new batch of emails. ](/news/2016/11/6/hillary-clinton-email-controversy-federal-bureau-of-investigation-chief-james-comey-tells-the-united-states-congress-that-he-has-found-no-e.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, email server_
2. [Presidency of Donald Trump. Trump's aide Kellyanne Conway announces that the president-elect will not seek new charges against Hillary Clinton for possible crimes related to her email server. ](/news/2016/11/22/presidency-of-donald-trump-trump-s-aide-kellyanne-conway-announces-that-the-president-elect-will-not-seek-new-charges-against-hillary-clint.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, email server_
3. [Hillary Clinton email controversy. Loretta Lynch, the Attorney General of the United States, closes the investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a personal email system to conduct official business without charges being laid. ](/news/2016/07/6/hillary-clinton-email-controversy-loretta-lynch-the-attorney-general-of-the-united-states-closes-the-investigation-into-hillary-clinton-s.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, email server_
4. [Hillary Clinton email investigation. The FBI recommends, with numerous reservations about her actions, no charges be filed against Hillary Clinton over her emails. ](/news/2016/07/5/hillary-clinton-email-investigation-the-fbi-recommends-with-numerous-reservations-about-her-actions-no-charges-be-filed-against-hillary-c.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, email server_
5. [United States presidential election, 2016. Hillary Clinton email controversy. During a press conference, Republican nominee Donald Trump calls on Russia to find Hillary Clinton's 30,000 missing emails. ](/news/2016/07/27/united-states-presidential-election-2016-hillary-clinton-email-controversy-during-a-press-conference-republican-nominee-donald-trump-cal.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, email server_
6. [In the United States, Hillary Clinton is criticized by the State Department-s inspector general for her usage of a private email server while she was secretary of state. The finding also concluded though that former secretary of state Colin Powell also had a private email server, as did former ambassador to Kenya Scott Gration. The inspector referred to the email server usage as "longstanding systemic weaknesses". ](/news/2016/05/25/in-the-united-states-hillary-clinton-is-criticized-by-the-state-department-s-inspector-general-for-her-usage-of-a-private-email-server-wh.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, email server_
7. [Hillary Clinton email controversy. The United States Department of State releases the final batch of emails recovered from the private server of former Secretary of State and Democratic Party front runner in the race for the nomination for the 2016 presidential election. ](/news/2016/02/29/hillary-clinton-email-controversy-the-united-states-department-of-state-releases-the-final-batch-of-emails-recovered-from-the-private-serve.md) _Context: email server, emails_
8. [ Hurricane Katrina: Senator and former First Lady Hillary Clinton calls for a "9/11 Style Inquiry" into the U.S. federal government's response to the Hurricane. ](/news/2005/09/5/hurricane-katrina-senator-and-former-first-lady-hillary-clinton-calls-for-a-9-11-style-inquiry-into-the-u-s-federal-government-s-respon.md) _Context: Government of the United States, Hillary Clinton_
9. [Links between Trump associates and Russian officials. Donald Trump Jr. discloses emails in which he and Rob Goldstone discuss gathering opposition research against Hillary Clinton through a June 2016 meeting with Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya. ](/news/2017/07/11/links-between-trump-associates-and-russian-officials-donald-trump-jr-discloses-emails-in-which-he-and-rob-goldstone-discuss-gathering-oppo.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton_
10. [The former Democratic National Committee chair and ex-CNN contributor Donna Brazile admits that she had forwarded some debate questions to Hillary Clinton's campaign during last year's Democratic primary before two debates with Bernie Sanders. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-former-democratic-national-committee-chair-and-ex-cnn-contributor-donna-brazile-admits-that-she-had-forwarded-some-debate-questions-to-h.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton_
