### [2016-01-29](/news/2016/01/29/index.md)

# Human rights in China: Human rights activists claim that three pro-democracy advocates have been sentenced to up to five years imprisonment on charges of attempting to overthrow the Communist Party government in Guangzhou. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''Star Tribune](http://www.startribune.com/china-sentences-3-rights-activists-to-prison-amid-crackdown/366949461/)

### Related:

1. [Human rights in China: Prominent Chinese dissident and Nobel Peace Prize winner Liu Xiaobo dies. ](/news/2017/07/13/human-rights-in-china-prominent-chinese-dissident-and-nobel-peace-prize-winner-liu-xiaobo-dies.md) _Context: Human rights in China_
2. [Human rights in China: Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/human-rights-in-china-nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-chart.md) _Context: Human rights in China_
3. [Human rights in China: The Nobel Peace Prize winner Liu Xiaobo is in "critical condition," according to Chinese doctors. ](/news/2017/07/10/human-rights-in-china-the-nobel-peace-prize-winner-liu-xiaobo-is-in-critical-condition-according-to-chinese-doctors.md) _Context: Human rights in China_
4. [Australia-China relations: Reports emerge of the Australian Security Intelligence Organisation's discovery of classified Australian documents, related to Chinese intelligence activity abroad, in the Canberra home of a woman allegedly acting on behalf of the Communist Party of China. ](/news/2017/06/5/australia-china-relations-reports-emerge-of-the-australian-security-intelligence-organisation-s-discovery-of-classified-australian-docume.md) _Context: Communist Party of China_
5. [Human rights in China: Chinese political activist and Nobel Peace Prize laureate Liu Xiaobo is released from prison on medical parole after being diagnosed with terminal liver cancer. ](/news/2017/06/26/human-rights-in-china-chinese-political-activist-and-nobel-peace-prize-laureate-liu-xiaobo-is-released-from-prison-on-medical-parole-after.md) _Context: Human rights in China_
6. [Political reshuffle in the Communist Party of China: Zhejiang governor Li Qiang is transferred to neighbouring Jiangsu province to serve as party chief. He is succeeded as Zhejiang governor by Xinjiang deputy party chief Che Jun. ](/news/2016/07/4/political-reshuffle-in-the-communist-party-of-china-zhejiang-governor-li-qiang-is-transferred-to-neighbouring-jiangsu-province-to-serve-as.md) _Context: Communist Party of China_
7. [Political reshuffle in the Communist Party of China: Luo Huining leaves his position as party chief of Qinghai and becomes party chief of Shanxi province, replacing Wang Rulin. ](/news/2016/06/30/political-reshuffle-in-the-communist-party-of-china-luo-huining-leaves-his-position-as-party-chief-of-qinghai-and-becomes-party-chief-of-sh.md) _Context: Communist Party of China_
8. [Authorities in China sentence Huang Yu, a computer technician from Sichuan who worked for a government department which handled state secrets, to death for leaking more than 150,000 classified documents to an unidentified foreign power. The documents in question covered secrets ranging from the ruling Communist Party to military and financial issues. ](/news/2016/04/19/authorities-in-china-sentence-huang-yu-a-computer-technician-from-sichuan-who-worked-for-a-government-department-which-handled-state-secret.md) _Context: Communist Party of China_
9. [Wei Hong is removed as the Governor of China's Sichuan province due to perceived disloyalty to the Communist Party. ](/news/2016/02/5/wei-hong-is-removed-as-the-governor-of-china-s-sichuan-province-due-to-perceived-disloyalty-to-the-communist-party.md) _Context: Communist Party of China_
10. [The two-child policy takes effect in China, allowing couples in the country to have at most two children, replacing the controversial one-child policy. The change in law was announced by the ruling Communist Party on October 29 and passed the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress on December 27, five days prior to its effect. ](/news/2016/01/1/the-two-child-policy-takes-effect-in-china-allowing-couples-in-the-country-to-have-at-most-two-children-replacing-the-controversial-one-ch.md) _Context: Communist Party of China_
