### [2016-01-29](/news/2016/01/29/index.md)

# Japan places its military on alert over a possible North Korean ballistic-missile launch after detecting "increased activity" at a North Korean missile site. Japan's Minister of Defense, Gen Nakatani, has ordered Kongo-class destroyers stationed in the Sea of Japan, equipped with Aegis combat systems, to target any North Korean projectiles heading for Japan. 

Japan has put its military on alert for a possible North Korean ballistic missile launch after indications it is preparing for a test firing, two people with direct knowledge of the order told Reuters on Friday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-northkorea-missile-japan-idUSKCN0V70IB)
1. [Cover Image](http://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20160129&t=2&i=1113295062&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXNPEC0S0AY)

### Related:

1. [Japan orders its military to shoot down any North Korean missiles that threaten to strike Japan at anytime, and is placing its forces on a state of alert for at least three months, according to a Ministry of Defense official. ](/news/2016/08/8/japan-orders-its-military-to-shoot-down-any-north-korean-missiles-that-threaten-to-strike-japan-at-anytime-and-is-placing-its-forces-on-a-s.md) _Context: Japan, Japan-North Korea relations, North Korea, military_
2. [Japan places its military on high alert to be ready to shoot down any missile heading for its territory amid reports of a possible North Korean launch of an intermediate-range missile from its east coast. ](/news/2016/06/21/japan-places-its-military-on-high-alert-to-be-ready-to-shoot-down-any-missile-heading-for-its-territory-amid-reports-of-a-possible-north-kor.md) _Context: Japan, Japan-North Korea relations, North Korea, military_
3. [North Korea test-launches what is presumed to be its first intercontinental ballistic missile 933 kilometers into the Sea of Japan within Japan's Exclusive Economic Zone. An American expert theorizes the ICBM, which reached an altitude of 2,802 km, could potentially reach the U.S. state of Alaska. ](/news/2017/07/4/north-korea-test-launches-what-is-presumed-to-be-its-first-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-933-kilometers-into-the-sea-of-japan-within-ja.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea, the sea_
4. [North Korea launches a Short-Range Ballistic missile near Wonsan towards the Sea of Japan, according to South Korea. The missile reportedly lands in Japan's exclusive economic zone (EEZ) after traveling 450 km. ](/news/2017/05/29/north-korea-launches-a-short-range-ballistic-missile-near-wansan-towards-the-sea-of-japan-according-to-south-korea-the-missile-reportedly.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea, the sea_
5. [ North Korea launches a missile from a submarine off the port city of Sinpo in the Sea of Japan, according to U.S. and South Korean officials. This missile, the third sub-based attempt this year, flew about 500 kilometers (311 miles) and landed in waters between the Korean Peninsula and Japan. The first test exploded and the second traveled 30 km (181/2 miles). ](/news/2016/08/24/north-korea-launches-a-missile-from-a-submarine-off-the-port-city-of-sinpo-in-the-sea-of-japan-according-to-u-s-and-south-korean-official.md) _Context: Japan, Japan-North Korea relations, the sea_
6. [Japan deploys two MIM-104 Patriot surface-to-air missile interceptor systems in Tokyo in preparation for any North Korean ballistic missiles potentially heading for the city. The deployment comes amid concerns of an imminent North Korean missile launch following the detection of "increased activity" at a North Korean missile facility. ](/news/2016/01/31/japan-deploys-two-mim-104-patriot-surface-to-air-missile-interceptor-systems-in-tokyo-in-preparation-for-any-north-korean-ballistic-missiles.md) _Context: Japan, Japan-North Korea relations, North Korea_
7. [Japan's Defence Ministry claims that North Korea has fired two ballistic missiles into the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2014/07/13/japan-s-defence-ministry-claims-that-north-korea-has-fired-two-ballistic-missiles-into-the-sea-of-japan.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea, the sea_
8. [Japan goes on full alert as North Korea announces it has delayed its launch of a long range Unha rocket until 29 December. ](/news/2012/12/10/japan-goes-on-full-alert-as-north-korea-announces-it-has-delayed-its-launch-of-a-long-range-unha-rocket-until-29-december.md) _Context: Japan, Japan-North Korea relations, North Korea_
9. [Naoki Tanaka, Japan's Minister of Defense, issues orders to shoot down a North Korean rocket if it falls towards Japanese territory. ](/news/2012/03/30/naoki-tanaka-japan-s-minister-of-defense-issues-orders-to-shoot-down-a-north-korean-rocket-if-it-falls-towards-japanese-territory.md) _Context: Japan, Minister of Defense, North Korea_
10. [ Japanese sources tell the Kyodo news agency that North Korea has test-fired several missiles towards the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2007/05/25/japanese-sources-tell-the-kyodo-news-agency-that-north-korea-has-test-fired-several-missiles-towards-the-sea-of-japan.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea, the sea_
