### [2016-01-29](/news/2016/01/29/index.md)

# Storm Gertrude impacts the British Isles, with 90mph winds knocking out power lines and causing travel disruption. 

The latest in a succession of storms since Christmas reaches Scotland and is expected to travel south throughout the day


### Source:

1. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/weather/12128848/Storm-Gertrude-hits-Britain-as-90mph-winds-fell-trees-and-knock-out-power-lines.html)

### Related:

1. [Storm Imogen is set to impact the British Isles with 80mph winds and heavy rain. The United Kingdom's Met Office issues warnings for South West England, particularly the Cornish coast due to large waves, and South Wales. ](/news/2016/02/8/storm-imogen-is-set-to-impact-the-british-isles-with-80mph-winds-and-heavy-rain-the-united-kingdom-s-met-office-issues-warnings-for-south-w.md) _Context: 2015-16 UK and Ireland windstorm season, British Isles_
2. [The United Kingdom's Met Office warns of major travel disruption due to heavy rain, flooding and "damaging" high winds as Storm Katie moves in from the Atlantic Ocean bringing winds of up to 75mph. ](/news/2016/03/28/the-united-kingdom-s-met-office-warns-of-major-travel-disruption-due-to-heavy-rain-flooding-and-damaging-high-winds-as-storm-katie-moves.md) _Context: 2015-16 UK and Ireland windstorm season_
3. [The United Kingdom's Met Office issues two new severe weather warnings for wind and rain covering across much of Scotland and Northern England beginning 6 a.m. Wednesday. ](/news/2015/12/8/the-united-kingdom-s-met-office-issues-two-new-severe-weather-warnings-for-wind-and-rain-covering-across-much-of-scotland-and-northern-engla.md) _Context: 2015-16 UK and Ireland windstorm season_
4. [Storm Desmond shatters U.K. rainfall records as an incredible 13.44 inches of rain fell in 24 hours at Honister Pass in the Lake District in North West England. The 15.94 inches of rain at Thirlmere -- also in the Lake District -- set a new record for the 48-hour period. ](/news/2015/12/7/storm-desmond-shatters-u-k-rainfall-records-as-an-incredible-13-44-inches-of-rain-fell-in-24-hours-at-honister-pass-in-the-lake-district-in.md) _Context: 2015-16 UK and Ireland windstorm season_
5. [The freak weather system responsible for heavy rain and tornadoes in the U.S., and high winds and rainfall in the British Isles, also has impacted the Arctic where the average winter temperature is normally around -20|F|C. Temperatures around the North Pole have surpassed the 32|F|C threshold for a brief moment, according to the  U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's Ocean Prediction Center, which is 50|F-change|1 higher than usual for December. ](/news/2015/12/30/the-freak-weather-system-responsible-for-heavy-rain-and-tornadoes-in-the-u-s-and-high-winds-and-rainfall-in-the-british-isles-also-has-im.md) _Context: British Isles_
6. [Storm Frank hits the United Kingdom and Ireland, contributing to the 2015 Great Britain and Ireland floods following previous heavy rainfall. ](/news/2015/12/30/storm-frank-hits-the-united-kingdom-and-ireland-contributing-to-the-2015-great-britain-and-ireland-floods-following-previous-heavy-rainfall.md) _Context: 2015-16 UK and Ireland windstorm season_
7. [The 18th century Tadcaster Bridge, in Tadcaster, North Yorkshire, partially collapses into the River Wharfe as a result of flooding. British Army soldiers evacuated people from nearby homes. ](/news/2015/12/29/the-18th-century-tadcaster-bridge-in-tadcaster-north-yorkshire-partially-collapses-into-the-river-wharfe-as-a-result-of-flooding-british.md) _Context: 2015-16 UK and Ireland windstorm season_
8. [Thousands of people are evacuated from their homes as flood waters continue to rise across large parts of northern England, with York particularly badly affected. ](/news/2015/12/27/thousands-of-people-are-evacuated-from-their-homes-as-flood-waters-continue-to-rise-across-large-parts-of-northern-england-with-york-partic.md) _Context: 2015-16 UK and Ireland windstorm season_
9. [Heavy rain from the fifth officially named storm of the season leads to serious flooding across Lancashire and Yorkshire in northern England. ](/news/2015/12/26/heavy-rain-from-the-fifth-officially-named-storm-of-the-season-leads-to-serious-flooding-across-lancashire-and-yorkshire-in-northern-england.md) _Context: 2015-16 UK and Ireland windstorm season_
10. [Some 25,000 households in Ireland lose power as a result of Storm Barney. ](/news/2015/11/18/some-25-000-households-in-ireland-lose-power-as-a-result-of-storm-barney.md) _Context: 2015-16 UK and Ireland windstorm season_
