### [2016-01-29](/news/2016/01/29/index.md)

# The Mexican Federal District is officially renamed to Mexico City (Ciudad de Mexico), and becomes one of the 32 first-level administrative entities of Mexico. 

The capital’s rebranding, part of reform to decentralise power and move toward statehood, confused residents who refer to city as Federal District or ‘DF’


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jan/29/mexico-city-name-change-federal-district-df)

### Related:

1. [Socorro Flores Liera, Mexico's deputy foreign minister for Latin America and the Caribbean, speaks during an interview with Reuters in Mexico City, that during the first half of 2017, 1,420 Venezuelans have sought asylum in Mexico, a nearly four-fold jump compared to the 361 total Venezuelan asylum applicants for all of 2016, as the result of Venezuela's deepening political and economic crisis. ](/news/2017/08/4/socorro-flores-liera-mexico-s-deputy-foreign-minister-for-latin-america-and-the-caribbean-speaks-during-an-interview-with-reuters-in-mexic.md) _Context: Mexico City_
2. [Following a start-of-year hike to the price of gas, widespread riots and looting mostly targeting gas stations, supermarkets and department stores take place in several cities in Mexico. Over 250 people are said to have been arrested so far while blockades to PEMEX installations potentially lead to critical situations in some states. ](/news/2017/01/5/following-a-start-of-year-hike-to-the-price-of-gas-widespread-riots-and-looting-mostly-targeting-gas-stations-supermarkets-and-department.md) _Context: states_
3. [An explosion at a fireworks market in the city of Tultepec near Mexico City, kills at least 29 people and injures at least 70 others. Pyrotechnics is a major industry in Tultepec. ](/news/2016/12/20/an-explosion-at-a-fireworks-market-in-the-city-of-tultepec-near-mexico-city-kills-at-least-29-people-and-injures-at-least-70-others-pyrote.md) _Context: Mexico City_
4. [Luis Videgaray Caso resigns as Mexico's finance minister amid fallout over President Enrique Pena Nieto's controversial meeting with U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump in Mexico City. Videgaray is revealed to have been the main advocate of arranging the meeting. ](/news/2016/09/7/luis-videgaray-caso-resigns-as-mexico-s-finance-minister-amid-fallout-over-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-s-controversial-meeting-with-u-s-p.md) _Context: Mexico City_
5. [U.S. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump meets with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto in Mexico City after accepting an invitation from him. ](/news/2016/08/31/u-s-republican-presidential-nominee-donald-trump-meets-with-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-in-mexico-city-after-accepting-an-invitat.md) _Context: Mexico City_
6. [Mexico City authorities declare a pollution alert after smog rose to 1.5 times acceptable limits the day before implementation of the City's new, temporary air quality program that will  keep one-fifth of the city's cars at home every weekday. ](/news/2016/04/4/mexico-city-authorities-declare-a-pollution-alert-after-smog-rose-to-1-5-times-acceptable-limits-the-day-before-implementation-of-the-city-s.md) _Context: Mexico City_
7. [Mexico City, facing the capital's worst air-quality crisis in over a decade, issues a  temporary order that all cars remain idle one day a week. Today, authorities report a pollution index of 108 (bad) after low readings during Holy Week. Vehicles will also be forced from the roads one Saturday a month. The measure will begin next Tuesday, April 5, and run until Thursday, June 30, 2016. Starting July 1, improved technology will be  in place at smog-check centers where all vehicles must be tested every six months. ](/news/2016/03/30/mexico-city-facing-the-capital-s-worst-air-quality-crisis-in-over-a-decade-issues-a-temporary-order-that-all-cars-remain-idle-one-day-a-w.md) _Context: Mexico City_
8. [Archaeologists find a skull rack used by the Aztecs to display victims in the ruins of the Templo Mayor in Mexico City. ](/news/2015/08/20/archaeologists-find-a-skull-rack-used-by-the-aztecs-to-display-victims-in-the-ruins-of-the-templo-mayor-in-mexico-city.md) _Context: Mexico City_
9. [A Nieto Express propane gas tanker truck explodes near the loading dock of a maternity and children's hospital (Hospital Materno Infantil Cuajimalpa) in Mexico City, collapsing much of the hospital with at least three deaths and 70 people injured, 22 of whom are children. ](/news/2015/01/29/a-nieto-express-propane-gas-tanker-truck-explodes-near-the-loading-dock-of-a-maternity-and-children-s-hospital-hospital-materno-infantil-cu.md) _Context: Mexico City_
10. [Thousands of protestors gather in Mexico City for a national rally in memory of the 43 missing students. Demonstrators have also called for a nationwide strike. ](/news/2014/11/20/thousands-of-protestors-gather-in-mexico-city-for-a-national-rally-in-memory-of-the-43-missing-students-demonstrators-have-also-called-for.md) _Context: Mexico City_
