### [2016-11-11](/news/2016/11/11/index.md)

# Protests and riots against president-elect Donald Trump take place in Portland, Los Angeles, New York City, and Atlanta, leading to the arrests of over 225 people. 




### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/morning-mix/wp/2016/11/11/violence-erupts-in-portland-riot-as-anti-trump-protests-continue-in-cities-across-the-nation/)

### Related:

1. [Protests against American president-elect Donald Trump continue in his hometown New York City. ](/news/2016/11/12/protests-against-american-president-elect-donald-trump-continue-in-his-hometown-new-york-city.md) _Context: Anti-Trump protests, Donald Trump, New York City_
2. [A group of United States mayors forms ''"Mayors Against Discrimination"'' in the wake of  recent discriminatory laws enacted  in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminatory-laws-enacted-in-north-carol.md) _Context: New York City, Portland, Oregon_
3. [Former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani endorses Donald Trump for U.S. President, predicting Trump will get more than 50% of the statewide vote. ](/news/2016/04/7/former-new-york-city-mayor-rudy-giuliani-endorses-donald-trump-for-u-s-president-predicting-trump-will-get-more-than-50-of-the-statewide.md) _Context: Donald Trump, New York City_
4. [The FBI's Joint Terrorism Task Force, United States Secret Service and New York City Police Department are investigating a letter containing a suspicious white powder and a threatening note which was sent to the home of Eric Trump, son of Donald Trump, in New York City. The handwritten note within the letter said: "If your father does not drop out of the race, the next envelope won't be a fake." It was signed "X". ](/news/2016/03/18/the-fbi-s-joint-terrorism-task-force-united-states-secret-service-and-new-york-city-police-department-are-investigating-a-letter-containing.md) _Context: Donald Trump, New York City_
5. [The Obama Administration through the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development reports more than 500,000 people. a quarter of them children, were homeless this year amid scarce affordable housing across much of the nation. Los Angeles, Seattle, Portland, Oregon, and Hawaii all recently declared emergencies over the rise of homelessness. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-obama-administration-through-the-u-s-department-of-housing-and-urban-development-reports-more-than-500-000-people-a-quarter-of-them-ch.md) _Context: Los Angeles, Portland, Oregon_
6. [Arnold Schwarzenegger and Steven Spielberg help unveil the rebuilt outdoor sets with imitation New York streets of Universal Studios in Los Angeles, United States. The sets were destroyed in a 2008 fire. ](/news/2010/05/28/arnold-schwarzenegger-and-steven-spielberg-help-unveil-the-rebuilt-outdoor-sets-with-imitation-new-york-streets-of-universal-studios-in-los.md) _Context: Los Angeles, New York City_
7. [The Dow Live Earth Run for Water started on April 18th. The host cities are: Buenos Aires, Cape Town, Chicago, Hong Kong, Jimbaran, London, Los Angeles, Manchester, Melbourne, Mexico City, Milan, Minneapolis, New York, Lisboa, Rio de Janeiro, Sao Paulo, Singapore City, Stockholm, Toronto and Washington, D.C.. ](/news/2010/04/18/the-dow-live-earth-run-for-water-started-on-april-18th-the-host-cities-are-buenos-aires-cape-town-chicago-hong-kong-jimbaran-london.md) _Context: Los Angeles, New York City_
8. [ The Libyan government pitches a tent in suburban New York on land rented from Donald Trump that leader Muammar al-Gaddafi may use for entertaining, but local officials order workers to stop the construction, saying it "violated several codes and laws of the town of Bedford". ](/news/2009/09/23/the-libyan-government-pitches-a-tent-in-suburban-new-york-on-land-rented-from-donald-trump-that-leader-muammar-al-gaddafi-may-use-for-enter.md) _Context: Donald Trump, New York City_
9. [ JetBlue Airways Flight 292 en route to New York from Burbank, California, experiences nose gear malfunctions shortly after takeoff when the nose wheels rotated 90 degrees to the left. The Airbus A320-232 circles Los Angeles to burn off fuel before landing at Los Angeles Airport without serious incident or injury.](/news/2005/09/21/jetblue-airways-flight-292-en-route-to-new-york-from-burbank-california-experiences-nose-gear-malfunctions-shortly-after-takeoff-when-the.md) _Context: Los Angeles, New York City_
10. [West Virginia Governor Jim Justice announces, during U.S. President Donald Trump's rally in Huntington, he is changing his party affiliation from Democratic to Republican. ](/news/2017/08/3/west-virginia-governor-jim-justice-announces-during-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-rally-in-huntington-he-is-changing-his-party-affiliation.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
