### [2008-02-29](/news/2008/02/29/index.md)

#  A White House official resigns after admitting to plagiarism in columns published by the Fort Wayne, Indiana "News-Sentinel". 




### Source:

1. [AP via Google News](http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5jPnJEKnOLwlqyKGml3PVpBF2MH0gD8V49P7O1)

### Related:

1. [United Kingdom-United States relations: "The Guardian" reports that U.S. President Donald Trump has postponed his visit to the United Kingdom, according to a U.K. adviser who said Mr. Trump recently telephoned 10 Downing Street with this information. Both Prime Minister Theresa May's office and the White House deny this report. ](/news/2017/06/11/united-kingdom-united-states-relations-the-guardian-reports-that-u-s-president-donald-trump-has-postponed-his-visit-to-the-united-king.md) _Context: White House_
2. [Shooting of Robert Godwin: The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/shooting-of-robert-godwin-the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-ex.md) _Context: Indiana_
3. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump: United States President-elect Donald Trump indicates that he will nominate former Indiana senator Dan Coats as Director of National Intelligence. ](/news/2017/01/7/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-united-states-president-elect-donald-trump-indicates-that-he-will-nominate-former-indiana-senator-d.md) _Context: Indiana_
4. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump: President-elect Donald Trump announces that his team has made a deal with Carrier Corporation that would save around 1,000 jobs at an Indiana factory. Carrier had planned to move production from a key factory in that state to Nuevo Leon, Mexico. ](/news/2016/11/30/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-president-elect-donald-trump-announces-that-his-team-has-made-a-deal-with-carrier-corporation-that.md) _Context: Indiana_
5. [Republican Party vice presidential candidate selection, 2016: Donald Trump chooses Indiana governor Mike Pence as his vice presidential running mate. ](/news/2016/07/15/republican-party-vice-presidential-candidate-selection-2016-donald-trump-chooses-indiana-governor-mike-pence-as-his-vice-presidential-runn.md) _Context: Indiana_
6. [United States presidential election, 2016: United States presidential election in Indiana, 2016: Voters in the U.S. state of Indiana head to the polls to vote in Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. ](/news/2016/05/3/united-states-presidential-election-2016-united-states-presidential-election-in-indiana-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-indiana-head-to.md) _Context: Indiana_
7. [Planned Parenthood and the American Civil Liberties Union sue Indiana stating the U.S. state's new abortion law is unconstitutional because it bans the procedure if sought because of genetic abnormalities. ](/news/2016/04/7/planned-parenthood-and-the-american-civil-liberties-union-sue-indiana-stating-the-u-s-state-s-new-abortion-law-is-unconstitutional-because.md) _Context: Indiana_
8. [United States presidential election, 2016: The presidential campaigns of Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Governor of Ohio John Kasich announce they will now coordinate strategies to stop fellow Republican Donald Trump from becoming the party's nominee. Cruz's campaign will cut campaigning in Oregon and New Mexico to help Kasich, while the Kasich campaign will give Cruz a "clear path" in Indiana. ](/news/2016/04/25/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-presidential-campaigns-of-texas-senator-ted-cruz-and-governor-of-ohio-john-kasich-announce-th.md) _Context: Indiana_
9. [The U.S. Court of Appeals in New Orleans, Louisiana, in a 2-1 decision, upholds a lower court-s injunction that blocks implementation of an Executive order to shield from deportation millions of undocumented immigrants who entered the United States as children. The White House is considering an appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court. ](/news/2015/11/9/the-u-s-court-of-appeals-in-new-orleans-louisiana-in-a-2-1-decision-upholds-a-lower-court-s-injunction-that-blocks-implementation-of-a.md) _Context: White House_
10. [U.S. reactions to November 2015 Paris attacks: The American Civil Liberties Union of Indiana sues Indiana Governor Mike Pence over his decision to block Syrian refugees from resettling in the state. The ACLU, on behalf of Indianapolis-based nonprofit Exodus Refugee Immigration, accuses Pence of violating the Equal Protection Clause of the Constitution by accepting refugees from other countries but not those from Syria. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-reactions-to-november-2015-paris-attacks-the-american-civil-liberties-union-of-indiana-sues-indiana-governor-mike-pence-over-his-decis.md) _Context: Indiana_
