### [2008-02-29](/news/2008/02/29/index.md)

#  The U.S. Department of Agriculture stands down two employees as part of its investigation of the biggest meat recall in United States history. 




### Source:

1. [The Wall Street Journal](http://online.wsj.com/article/SB120431273542903505.html)

### Related:

1. [The White House holds an official review after an employee of the United States Department of Agriculture was forced to resign regarding controversy about a video that surfaced on the Internet. [http://www.cnn.com/2010/POLITICS/07/21/agriculture.employee.usda/index.html?hpt=C2 (CNN)] [http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2010/jul/21/white-house-shirley-sherrod ("The Guardian")] [http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-10716237 (BBC News)] [http://www.nytimes.com/2010/07/22/us/politics/22sherrod.html?_r=1 ("The New York Times)"]](/news/2010/07/21/the-white-house-holds-an-official-review-after-an-employee-of-the-united-states-department-of-agriculture-was-forced-to-resign-regarding-con.md) _Context: United States, United States Department of Agriculture_
2. [Shirley Sherrod, an employee of the United States Department of Agriculture, resigns after a video on the internet surfaced showing her apparently making racist remarks regarding the foreclosure of a farm owned by a white farmer. ](/news/2010/07/20/shirley-sherrod-an-employee-of-the-united-states-department-of-agriculture-resigns-after-a-video-on-the-internet-surfaced-showing-her-appa.md) _Context: United States, United States Department of Agriculture_
3. [ The United States Department of Agriculture confirms the first case of BSE (mad cow disease) in the United States, detected at a small slaughter house. The USDA has found no evidence that the infected materials made it into the food supply. Specimens have been sent to the United Kingdom for further analysis. Authorities quarantined a ranch near Yakima where the animal was raised. ](/news/2003/12/23/the-united-states-department-of-agriculture-confirms-the-first-case-of-bse-mad-cow-disease-in-the-united-states-detected-at-a-small-slau.md) _Context: United States, United States Department of Agriculture_
4. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: United States_
5. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: United States_
6. [The United States Department of Justice has requested Moscow-based Russian media channel RT America to register as a foreign lobbying firm in the United States. ](/news/2017/09/12/the-united-states-department-of-justice-has-requested-moscow-based-russian-media-channel-rt-america-to-register-as-a-foreign-lobbying-firm-i.md) _Context: United States_
7. [The United States State Department orders Russia to close the Consulate-General in San Francisco and two other buildings by September 2, 2017, invoking "parity" over a Russian measure in July. ](/news/2017/08/31/the-united-states-state-department-orders-russia-to-close-the-consulate-general-in-san-francisco-and-two-other-buildings-by-september-2-201.md) _Context: United States_
8. [U.S. lawmakers break for summer recess. ](/news/2017/08/3/u-s-lawmakers-break-for-summer-recess.md) _Context: United States_
9. [Millions of United States residents and visitors are able to witness a total solar eclipse that crosses through North America. It is the first total solar eclipse visible across the entire contiguous United States since the solar eclipse of June 8, 1918. ](/news/2017/08/21/millions-of-united-states-residents-and-visitors-are-able-to-witness-a-total-solar-eclipse-that-crosses-through-north-america-it-is-the-fir.md) _Context: United States_
10. [United States President Donald Trump, together with Senators Tom Cotton and David Perdue, unveils the RAISE Act, a plan that would, if passed, reduce legal immigration to the U.S. by half each year, and implement a "merit-based system" prioritizing skilled workers, instead of the current family-based chain migration system. ](/news/2017/08/2/united-states-president-donald-trump-together-with-senators-tom-cotton-and-david-perdue-unveils-the-raise-act-a-plan-that-would-if-passe.md) _Context: United States_
