### [2015-10-21](/news/2015/10/21/index.md)

# A British lawyer and his wife are found dead by their gardener at their home on the Caribbean island of Tobago. The Trinidad and Tobago Police Service believe the couple were murdered during a suspected robbery. 

A British man has been murdered alongside his wife during a suspected robbery at their home on a Caribbean island. Richard Wheeler, 73, and his wife Grace were found dead by their gardener in the village of Carnbee in Tobago. A spokesperson for the Trinidad and Tobago Police Service said Mrs Wheeler’s body was discovered on the lawn with a cut to her neck on Tuesday morning. Officers searching the home said they found Mr Wheeler “face down in a pool of blood with chop wounds to both arms and the back of the head”.


### Source:

1. [Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/crime/british-lawyer-and-wife-murdered-during-suspected-robbery-at-caribbean-home-a6703671.html)

### Related:

1. [Fourteen Caribbean nations file a lawsuit against the United Kingdom, France, and the Netherlands for damages caused during the Atlantic slave trade. ](/news/2014/03/11/fourteen-caribbean-nations-file-a-lawsuit-against-the-united-kingdom-france-and-the-netherlands-for-damages-caused-during-the-atlantic-sla.md) _Context: Caribbean, United Kingdom_
2. [The United Kingdom announces it is withdrawing from the 1964 London Fisheries Convention, which allows several European countries to fish within 6 to 12 nautical miles of each other's coastlines. ](/news/2017/07/2/the-united-kingdom-announces-it-is-withdrawing-from-the-1964-london-fisheries-convention-which-allows-several-european-countries-to-fish-wi.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
3. [The United Kingdom and Bill & Melinda Gates' foundation sponsor a summit that plans on raising funds for family planning in developing countries. ](/news/2017/07/11/the-united-kingdom-and-bill-melinda-gates-foundation-sponsor-a-summit-that-plans-on-raising-funds-for-family-planning-in-developing-count.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
4. [The Trump Administration announces this year's Presidential state visit to the U.K. is delayed until  at least 2018. Both the White House and 10 Downing Street state the two countries had been unable to agree on a 2017 date. This planned visit has drawn protests in the United Kingdom since February, and more than 1.8 million signatures on a petition to Parliament to cancel the meeting.  ](/news/2017/07/11/the-trump-administration-announces-this-year-s-presidential-state-visit-to-the-u-k-is-delayed-until-at-least-2018-both-the-white-house-an.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
5. [Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-conservatives-battling-in-a-tight-race.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
6. [Protests mark the 20th anniversary of the transfer of sovereignty over Hong Kong to China from the United Kingdom alongside the arrival of Chinese President Xi Jinping. ](/news/2017/06/29/protests-mark-the-20th-anniversary-of-the-transfer-of-sovereignty-over-hong-kong-to-china-from-the-united-kingdom-alongside-the-arrival-of-c.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
7. [UK Prime Minister Theresa May announces that citizens of the European Union living in the United Kingdom will be able to acquire a "UK settled status" after the UK leaves the EU. ](/news/2017/06/22/uk-prime-minister-theresa-may-announces-that-citizens-of-the-european-union-living-in-the-united-kingdom-will-be-able-to-acquire-a-uk-settl.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
8. [Right-wing media personality Katie Hopkins is to leave LBC with "immediate effect" after Hopkins posted on Twitter calling for a so-called "final solution" to the United Kingdom's Islamic terrorism problem following the Manchester Arena bombing which left 22 people dead. ](/news/2017/05/26/right-wing-media-personality-katie-hopkins-is-to-leave-lbc-with-immediate-effect-after-hopkins-posted-on-twitter-calling-for-a-so-called.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
9. [The Office for National Statistics in the United Kingdom states that consumer prices in Britain rose by an annualized 2.7% in April, the highest level of inflation in almost four years. ](/news/2017/05/16/the-office-for-national-statistics-in-the-united-kingdom-states-that-consumer-prices-in-britain-rose-by-an-annualized-2-7-in-april-the-hig.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
10. [European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expatriates.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
