### [2015-10-21](/news/2015/10/21/index.md)

# A U.S. F-18 fighter jet crashes into farmland near RAF Lakenheath in Suffolk county, England, killing the pilot. 

A partly opened parachute F-18 fighter crashes on to farmland, some seven miles from Suffolk&#039;s RAF Lakenheath.


### Source:

1. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/story/1573566/pilot-killed-as-us-jet-crashes-in-huge-fireball)

### Related:

1. [Eddie Maher, who spent almost 20 years as a fugitive in the United States, is jailed for five years for stealing a security van containing GBP1.2m in Suffolk, England. ](/news/2013/03/5/eddie-maher-who-spent-almost-20-years-as-a-fugitive-in-the-united-states-is-jailed-for-five-years-for-stealing-a-security-van-containing-a.md) _Context: England, Suffolk, United States_
2. [London police end their three-year long, round-the-clock guard outside the Ecuadorian Embassy waiting to arrest WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. Officers have been stationed at this embassy since June 2012. Police said the operation cost 11.1 million pounds (17.6 million dollars) through April 2015. Assange is wanted for jumping bail in England and sexual assault allegations in Sweden. Assange denies the Swedish charges and suspects the real reason is to bring him to the U.S. ](/news/2015/10/12/london-police-end-their-three-year-long-round-the-clock-guard-outside-the-ecuadorian-embassy-waiting-to-arrest-wikileaks-founder-julian-ass.md) _Context: England, United States_
3. [English singer and lyricist Morrissey is diagnosed with severe pneumonia and hospitalised in San Francisco on his U.S. tour. ](/news/2013/03/12/english-singer-and-lyricist-morrissey-is-diagnosed-with-severe-pneumonia-and-hospitalised-in-san-francisco-on-his-u-s-tour.md) _Context: England, United States_
4. [British pop star George Michael is transferred from Pentonville Prison to Highpoint Prison in Suffolk, England, to serve out the remaining weeks of his sentence for driving under the influence of cannabis. ](/news/2010/09/18/british-pop-star-george-michael-is-transferred-from-pentonville-prison-to-highpoint-prison-in-suffolk-england-to-serve-out-the-remaining-w.md) _Context: England, Suffolk_
5. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: United States_
6. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: United States_
7. [The United States stops giving out visas to high ranking officials of Cambodia, Eritrea, Guinea and Sierra Leone for failing to accept deportations. ](/news/2017/09/13/the-united-states-stops-giving-out-visas-to-high-ranking-officials-of-cambodia-eritrea-guinea-and-sierra-leone-for-failing-to-accept-depor.md) _Context: United States_
8. [In an official dinner hosted by the United States President, Donald Trump and leaders of the Democratic party Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi agree to fix DACA but disagree with the details, with Trump denying on Twitter the following day that a deal had been made which excluded funding for his proposed wall on the Mexico-United States border. ](/news/2017/09/13/in-an-official-dinner-hosted-by-the-united-states-president-donald-trump-and-leaders-of-the-democratic-party-chuck-schumer-and-nancy-pelosi.md) _Context: United States_
9. [The United States Department of Justice has requested Moscow-based Russian media channel RT America to register as a foreign lobbying firm in the United States. ](/news/2017/09/12/the-united-states-department-of-justice-has-requested-moscow-based-russian-media-channel-rt-america-to-register-as-a-foreign-lobbying-firm-i.md) _Context: United States_
10. [The United States State Department orders Russia to close the Consulate-General in San Francisco and two other buildings by September 2, 2017, invoking "parity" over a Russian measure in July. ](/news/2017/08/31/the-united-states-state-department-orders-russia-to-close-the-consulate-general-in-san-francisco-and-two-other-buildings-by-september-2-201.md) _Context: United States_
