### [2015-10-21](/news/2015/10/21/index.md)

# According to a civilian vigilante, 20 people are killed after Boko Haram militants open fire on cars outside a village in Nigeria's restive northeast Borno state. 

Twenty people were shot dead by suspected Boko Haram gunmen Wednesday on a road outside a village in Nigeria&#x27;s northeast Borno state, local sources said. A large group of Boko Haram gunmen fleeing a military offensive on their camp in Nganzai district opened fire on four cars just outside Jingalta


### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo](http://news.yahoo.com/20-shot-dead-suspected-islamists-ne-nigeria-witnesses-224347258.html)

### Related:

1. [The United Nations suspends aid to dangerous areas of Nigeria's northeastern Borno State following Thursday's attack by Boko Haram (ISIL in Africa) on a humanitarian convoy where two soldiers and three civilians were wounded. However, UNICEF noted, aid will continue to the capital Maiduguri.  ](/news/2016/07/29/the-united-nations-suspends-aid-to-dangerous-areas-of-nigeria-s-northeastern-borno-state-following-thursday-s-attack-by-boko-haram-isil-in.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Borno State, Nigeria_
2. [Fighting in various remote villages in the Borno State of Nigeria kill at least one civilian and six Boko Haram militants. According to the Nigerian Army, they've rescued more than 5,000 hostages from the militants. ](/news/2016/06/26/fighting-in-various-remote-villages-in-the-borno-state-of-nigeria-kill-at-least-one-civilian-and-six-boko-haram-militants-according-to-the.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Borno State, Nigeria_
3. [A bomb attack consistent with Boko Haram kills 50 people in Nigeria's Borno State. ](/news/2015/08/11/a-bomb-attack-consistent-with-boko-haram-kills-50-people-in-nigeria-s-borno-state.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Borno State, Nigeria_
4. [A Nigerian Air Force jet mistakenly bombs a refugee camp in Borno State, near the border with Cameroon, killing at least 90 people and injuring more than 100. The pilot reportedly believed he was attacking Boko Haram militants. ](/news/2017/01/17/a-nigerian-air-force-jet-mistakenly-bombs-a-refugee-camp-in-borno-state-near-the-border-with-cameroon-killing-at-least-90-people-and-injur.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Borno State_
5. [ President Muhammadu Buhari announces that the Nigerian Armed Forces have successfully driven out Boko Haram militants from their last stronghold in the Sambisa Forest in northeastern Nigeria. ](/news/2016/12/24/president-muhammadu-buhari-announces-that-the-nigerian-armed-forces-have-successfully-driven-out-boko-haram-militants-from-their-last-stron.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Nigeria_
6. [The United Nations and Nigeria come to an agreement to release 876 children being held due to suspicions that they are tied to Boko Haram. ](/news/2016/10/30/the-united-nations-and-nigeria-come-to-an-agreement-to-release-876-children-being-held-due-to-suspicions-that-they-are-tied-to-boko-haram.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Nigeria_
7. [Suspected Boko Haram suicide bombers kill at least eight people in the Nigerian city of Maiduguri. ](/news/2016/10/29/suspected-boko-haram-suicide-bombers-kill-at-least-eight-people-in-the-nigerian-city-of-maiduguri.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Nigeria_
8. [According to a Nigerian Army spokesman, a Boko Haram suicide bomber kills six people inside a mosque in the town of Damboa, Borno State. A second suicide bomber attempted to enter the same mosque but failed to gain entry and detonated his  belt, killing only himself. ](/news/2016/07/8/according-to-a-nigerian-army-spokesman-a-boko-haram-suicide-bomber-kills-six-people-inside-a-mosque-in-the-town-of-damboa-borno-state-a-s.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Borno State_
9. [According to Medecins Sans Frontieres, more than 1,200 people have died of starvation and illness at a refugee camp for those fleeing Boko Haram in northeastern Nigeria. ](/news/2016/06/23/according-to-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-more-than-1-200-people-have-died-of-starvation-and-illness-at-a-refugee-camp-for-those-fleeing-boko.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Nigeria_
10. [Boko Haram militants attack a funeral in the village of Kuda in the Adamawa State of Nigeria, killing 18 women, with more reportedly still missing. ](/news/2016/06/17/boko-haram-militants-attack-a-funeral-in-the-village-of-kuda-in-the-adamawa-state-of-nigeria-killing-18-women-with-more-reportedly-still-m.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Nigeria_
