### [2015-10-21](/news/2015/10/21/index.md)

# Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei approves the nuclear deal between Tehran and world powers, and orders it to be implemented subject to certain conditions. The letter states the United States and European Union should clearly announce the elimination of sanctions against Iran. The imposition of sanctions at any level and under any pretext from any of the negotiating countries would violate the JCPOA. 




### Source:

1. [Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/afp/article-3282784/Iran-leader-endorses-nuclear-deal-despite-ambiguities.html)
2. [Mehr News Agency](http://en.mehrnews.com/news/111282/Leader-issues-important-orders-to-Rouhani-on-JCPOA)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/21/us-iran-nuclear-khamenei-idUSKCN0SF18720151021)
3. [Cover Image](http://s3.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20151021&t=2&i=1088619374&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXNPEB9K0JL)

### Related:

1. [Tasnim News Agency reports that, in a Nowruz speech, Supreme Leader of Iran Ali Khamenei said experts in his country can enrich uranium to 99 percent. ISNA reports that Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif is threatening to quit the Iran nuclear deal if the United States blocks Iran's version of the deal's implementation. ](/news/2017/03/21/tasnim-news-agency-reports-that-in-a-nowruz-speech-supreme-leader-of-iran-ali-khamenei-said-experts-in-his-country-can-enrich-uranium-to-9.md) _Context: Ali Khamenei, Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, Supreme Leader of Iran, U.S._
2. [Europe and the United States lift sanctions imposed on Iran regarding its nuclear programme, and the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action begins to be implemented. ](/news/2016/01/17/europe-and-the-united-states-lift-sanctions-imposed-on-iran-regarding-its-nuclear-programme-and-the-joint-comprehensive-plan-of-action-begi.md) _Context: Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, U.S., pre-sanction_
3. [The International Atomic Energy Agency states that Iran has complied with its commitments under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, paving the way for international sanctions to be lifted by the United States and European Union. ](/news/2016/01/16/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-states-that-iran-has-complied-with-its-commitments-under-the-joint-comprehensive-plan-of-action-pavi.md) _Context: EU, Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, U.S._
4. [The Supreme Leader of Iran Ali Khamenei accuses the United States of "holding a gun" to Tehran's head to pressure it to hold direct talks and states that it's very unlikely that these talks may take place. ](/news/2013/02/7/the-supreme-leader-of-iran-ali-khamenei-accuses-the-united-states-of-holding-a-gun-to-tehran-s-head-to-pressure-it-to-hold-direct-talks-an.md) _Context: Ali Khamenei, Supreme Leader of Iran, U.S._
5. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: EU, U.S._
6. [Following diplomatic mediation by the European Union and the United States, minority Serbs tear down a concrete wall in Mitrovica. The city's majority Albanians regarded the wall as a provocation. ](/news/2017/02/5/following-diplomatic-mediation-by-the-european-union-and-the-united-states-minority-serbs-tear-down-a-concrete-wall-in-mitrovica-the-city.md) _Context: EU, U.S._
7. [The report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council -- the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union -- calls on Israel to end settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, "The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-a-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-a-c.md) _Context: EU, U.S._
8. [Both Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide and Marriott International shareholders approve Marriott's acquisition of Starwood, which will create the world's largest hotelier. The deal has cleared the pre-merger antitrust reviews in the United States and Canada; approvals from the European Union and China is pending. Last week, Anbang Insurance Group topped Marriott's bid, then withdrew their offer three days later. ](/news/2016/04/8/both-starwood-hotels-and-resorts-worldwide-and-marriott-international-shareholders-approve-marriott-s-acquisition-of-starwood-which-will-cr.md) _Context: EU, U.S._
9. [Mayor of London and cabinet member Boris Johnson says that U.S. President Barack Obama is "inconsistent and hypocritical" in persuading the British people to remain in the European Union. ](/news/2016/04/22/mayor-of-london-and-cabinet-member-boris-johnson-says-that-u-s-president-barack-obama-is-inconsistent-and-hypocritical-in-persuading-the.md) _Context: EU, U.S._
10. [U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron, at the upcoming Nuclear Security Summit in Washington, D.C., will announce a three-way deal with the United States and Euratom, the European Union nuclear agency, to turn nuclear waste into medical isotopes to help fight cancer. ](/news/2016/03/30/u-k-prime-minister-david-cameron-at-the-upcoming-nuclear-security-summit-in-washington-d-c-will-announce-a-three-way-deal-with-the-unit.md) _Context: EU, U.S._
