### [2015-10-21](/news/2015/10/21/index.md)

# St. Louis' police chief announces officers are stepping up patrols following fires at six predominantly African-American churches in the past two weeks. No one has been injured in any of the fires. The reward for information leading to an arrest is now $4,000; the St. Louis Police Officers' Association will match the $2,000 reward being offered by the St. Louis Regional Crime Stoppers and the ATF. The American Civil Liberties Union of Missouri and the Anti-Defamation League suggest the fires may be arson sparked by racist motivations. 

Fires have been set at the front doors of six churches in St. Louis and Jennings since Oct. 8.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/six-fires-st-louis-churches-under-investigation-reward-offered-n447836)
2. [St. Louis Post-Dispatch](http://www.stltoday.com/news/local/crime-and-courts/st-louis-police-add-patrols-trying-to-crack-string-of/article_26d2eb76-f517-5394-9a21-f31ccfdc024a.html)
2. [Cover Image](http://bloximages.newyork1.vip.townnews.com/stltoday.com/content/tncms/assets/v3/editorial/e/92/e927eb61-fdba-545a-8054-3fcd7c90b901/5626f54b0c23b.image.jpg?crop=1599%2C1199%2C64%2C0&amp;resize=840%2C630&amp;order=crop%2Cresize)

### Related:

1. [The ex-police officer involved in a fatal 2011 shooting of a black man in St. Louis, Missouri is acquitted of all charges related to the case. ](/news/2017/09/15/the-ex-police-officer-involved-in-a-fatal-2011-shooting-of-a-black-man-in-st-louis-missouri-is-acquitted-of-all-charges-related-to-the-cas.md) _Context: St. Louis_
2. [U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District of Michigan, Mark A. Goldsmith, halts for 90 days the mass deportation from the United States of more than 1,400 Iraqi nationals, including Chaldean Christians, to allow the plaintiffs time to appeal their cases. The American Civil Liberties Union petitioned for the injunction stating these people would face persecution in Iraq where they are considered ethnic and religious minorities. ](/news/2017/07/24/u-s-district-judge-for-the-eastern-district-of-michigan-mark-a-goldsmith-halts-for-90-days-the-mass-deportation-from-the-united-states-o.md) _Context: American Civil Liberties Union_
3. [A boiler explosion at a Missouri box company in St. Louis's historic Soulard neighborhood kills three people and injures four others. ](/news/2017/04/3/a-boiler-explosion-at-a-missouri-box-company-in-st-louis-s-historic-soulard-neighborhood-kills-three-people-and-injures-four-others.md) _Context: St. Louis_
4. [Juan M. Thompson, a 31-year-old ex-journalist, is arrested and charged with making at least eight threats against Jewish Community Centers in the United States, as well as a threat made against the Anti-Defamation League, while allegedly impersonating a former girlfriend. ](/news/2017/03/3/juan-m-thompson-a-31-year-old-ex-journalist-is-arrested-and-charged-with-making-at-least-eight-threats-against-jewish-community-centers-i.md) _Context: Anti-Defamation League_
5. [The Anti-Defamation League declares that the "Pepe the Frog" meme is a hate symbol, particularly when used alongside other racially-charged symbolism. ](/news/2016/09/28/the-anti-defamation-league-declares-that-the-pepe-the-frog-meme-is-a-hate-symbol-particularly-when-used-alongside-other-racially-charged.md) _Context: Anti-Defamation League_
6. [The Cleveland Board of Control approves changes to convention security rules negotiated with the ACLU, per Federal District Judge James Gwin's June 23rd court order. ](/news/2016/06/29/the-cleveland-board-of-control-approves-changes-to-convention-security-rules-negotiated-with-the-aclu-per-federal-district-judge-james-gwin.md) _Context: American Civil Liberties Union_
7. [A federal district judge, in a suit brought by the American Civil Liberties Union, rules Cleveland's regulations governing protests and marches during next month's Republican National Convention infringe on the right of free expression. Judge James Gwin orders both sides into mediation to begin negotiating new rules with another federal judge overseeing those talks. ](/news/2016/06/23/a-federal-district-judge-in-a-suit-brought-by-the-american-civil-liberties-union-rules-cleveland-s-regulations-governing-protests-and-marc.md) _Context: American Civil Liberties Union_
8. [The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives finds that a 2013 fire at a fertilizer plant in the American town of West, Texas, that killed 15 people was arson and begins the search for suspects. ](/news/2016/05/11/the-bureau-of-alcohol-tobacco-firearms-and-explosives-finds-that-a-2013-fire-at-a-fertilizer-plant-in-the-american-town-of-west-texas-th.md) _Context: Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives_
9. [Planned Parenthood and the American Civil Liberties Union sue Indiana stating the U.S. state's new abortion law is unconstitutional because it bans the procedure if sought because of genetic abnormalities. ](/news/2016/04/7/planned-parenthood-and-the-american-civil-liberties-union-sue-indiana-stating-the-u-s-state-s-new-abortion-law-is-unconstitutional-because.md) _Context: American Civil Liberties Union_
10. [United States Federal agents are combing three states for 32 cases of commercial grade explosives, about 500 pounds of 21/2 to 5 inch aerial shells, stolen from a CSX train traveling from Chicago, Illinois, through Ohio that arrived in Detroit, Michigan, on Wednesday. ](/news/2016/04/23/united-states-federal-agents-are-combing-three-states-for-32-cases-of-commercial-grade-explosives-about-500-pounds-of-2a1-2-to-5-inch-aerial.md) _Context: Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives_
