### [2015-10-21](/news/2015/10/21/index.md)

# The Taliban announced it overran Ghoryan in western Herat, the second district to fall in three days. 

Map detailing Taliban-controlled or contested districts. Click colored district for information. Based on an analysis by The Long War Journal, 36 of Afghanistan&#039;s 398 districts are under Taliban control, and another 36 districts are contested. Map created by Bill Roggio, Caleb Weiss, and Patrick Megahan. Updated to include report of Afghan military retaking the district center. The Afghan Taliban claimed that it overran the district center of Ghoryan in the western province of Herat today. The jihadist group made the claim on Voice of Jihad, its official propaganda website: Mujahideen of Islamic Emirate in Herat province launched coordinated attacks late afternoon hours today on Ghoryan district administration center and police HQ. Officials say that heavy fighting is underway at the moment, more details about which will be updated later. Update: Fresh reports arriving from Herat province say that Ghoryan district administration center, police HQ and all government buildings have been


### Source:

1. [Long War Journal](http://www.longwarjournal.org/archives/2015/10/taliban-seizes-another-district-in-western-afghanistan.php)

### Related:

1. [Dozens of militants are killed in fighting between rival Taliban factions in Afghanistan's western Herat Province. ](/news/2016/03/10/dozens-of-militants-are-killed-in-fighting-between-rival-taliban-factions-in-afghanistan-s-western-herat-province.md) _Context: Herat Province, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
2. [Taliban militants attack an Afghan National Army base in Shah Wali Kot District, Kandahar Province, killing at least 15 soldiers. ](/news/2017/05/26/taliban-militants-attack-an-afghan-national-army-base-in-shah-wali-kot-district-kandahar-province-killing-at-least-15-soldiers.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
3. [A Taliban raid kills at least 20 Afghan police officers in southern Afghanistan. ](/news/2017/05/21/a-taliban-raid-kills-at-least-20-afghan-police-officers-in-southern-afghanistan.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
4. [Russian Special Envoy to Afghanistan Zamir Kabulov denies allegations by NATO Commander Gen. Curtis Scaparrotti that Russia was "perhaps" supplying the Taliban. ](/news/2017/03/24/russian-special-envoy-to-afghanistan-zamir-kabulov-denies-allegations-by-nato-commander-gen-curtis-scaparrotti-that-russia-was-perhaps-su.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
5. [Taliban insurgents seize control of the strategic town of Sangin in the southern Helmand Province after a year-long battle with Afghan security forces. ](/news/2017/03/23/taliban-insurgents-seize-control-of-the-strategic-town-of-sangin-in-the-southern-helmand-province-after-a-year-long-battle-with-afghan-secur.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
6. [At least 16 people were killed and 40 more  wounded after two suicide bombers attacked Kabul. The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attacks. ](/news/2017/03/1/at-least-16-people-were-killed-and-40-more-wounded-after-two-suicide-bombers-attacked-kabul-the-taliban-claimed-responsibility-for-the-att.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
7. [According to Afghan Police, eight of their forces have been killed by the Taliban at a checkpoint in Faryab Province. ](/news/2017/02/3/according-to-afghan-police-eight-of-their-forces-have-been-killed-by-the-taliban-at-a-checkpoint-in-faryab-province.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
8. [Twelve Afghan National Police officers are killed in a  Taliban "infiltration attack" in the southern Helmand Province. ](/news/2017/02/28/twelve-afghan-national-police-officers-are-killed-in-a-taliban-infiltration-attack-in-the-southern-helmand-province.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
9. [According to the Afghan Interior Ministry, Mullah Abdul Salam Akhund, a senior Taliban commander, is killed in a U.S. airstrike in Kunduz Province. ](/news/2017/02/27/according-to-the-afghan-interior-ministry-mullah-abdul-salam-akhund-a-senior-taliban-commander-is-killed-in-a-u-s-airstrike-in-kunduz-pr.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
10. [According to officials, at least 11 people, mostly police officers, are killed outside a mosque in Jowzjan Province in an ambush by militants. The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/02/25/according-to-officials-at-least-11-people-mostly-police-officers-are-killed-outside-a-mosque-in-jowzjan-province-in-an-ambush-by-militant.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
