### [2015-10-21](/news/2015/10/21/index.md)

# Two Chinese consulate staff are killed and a consul general injured after a gunman opened fire on a restaurant in the city of Cebu, the "second city" of the Philippines. Various reports named the gunman as Chinese national Li Qingliang. 

Chinese diplomat injured and two consulate staff shot at an upmarket Philippine restaurant


### Source:

1. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/asia/philippines/11945268/Two-Chinese-consulate-staff-killed-at-Philippine-restaurant.html)

### Related:

1. [United Nations Ocean Conference: At a United Nations-Oceans summit, delegates from China, Indonesia, the Philippines and Thailand, four of the top polluters of plastic into the oceans, pledge to reduce their levels of oceanic plastic pollution. ](/news/2017/06/8/united-nations-ocean-conference-at-a-united-nations-oceans-summit-delegates-from-china-indonesia-the-philippines-and-thailand-four-of-t.md) _Context: China, Philippines_
2. [The Philippines clarifies a controversial remark about a potential "war" with China amid criticism from Filipinos. ](/news/2017/05/22/the-philippines-clarifies-a-controversial-remark-about-a-potential-war-with-china-amid-criticism-from-filipinos.md) _Context: China, Philippines_
3. [China-Philippines relations: Former Philippine president Fidel Ramos quits as the Philippines' special envoy to China amid a falling out with his mentee current Filipino president Rodrigo Duterte. ](/news/2016/11/1/china-philippines-relations-former-philippine-president-fidel-ramos-quits-as-the-philippines-special-envoy-to-china-amid-a-falling-out-w.md) _Context: China, Philippines_
4. [Philippines-United States relations: Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte says he plans to cut ties with his country's former colonial ruler, the United States, while strengthening ties with China. ](/news/2016/10/20/philippines-united-states-relations-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-says-he-plans-to-cut-ties-with-his-country-s-former-colonial-ru.md) _Context: China, Philippines_
5. [2016 Pacific typhoon season: The Philippine government places more than two dozen provinces on alert before Typhoon Haima makes landfall over Luzon. Haima, downgraded by the Global Disaster Alert and Coordination System to a Category 4 storm, landfalls Cagayan province in the island's northeast. Weather forecasters expect the storm to impact up to 2.7 million people before veering northwest toward the Chinese coast on October 21. ](/news/2016/10/19/2016-pacific-typhoon-season-the-philippine-government-places-more-than-two-dozen-provinces-on-alert-before-typhoon-haima-makes-landfall-ove.md) _Context: China, Philippines_
6. ["Philippines v. China": The Philippines says it won't have bilateral talks with China until the Chinese stop all provocations in the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/08/31/philippines-v-china-the-philippines-says-it-won-t-have-bilateral-talks-with-china-until-the-chinese-stop-all-provocations-in-the-south-c.md) _Context: China, Philippines_
7. ["Philippines v. China": The Permanent Court of Arbitration rules in favor of the Philippines against China over territorial disputes in the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/07/12/philippines-v-china-the-permanent-court-of-arbitration-rules-in-favor-of-the-philippines-against-china-over-territorial-disputes-in-the.md) _Context: China, Philippines_
8. ["Philippines v. China": On his final day as President of the Philippines, Benigno Aquino III says he was right when he sued China over the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/06/29/philippines-v-china-on-his-final-day-as-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-aquino-iii-says-he-was-right-when-he-sued-china-over-the-s.md) _Context: China, Philippines_
9. [Japan-Philippines relations: A Japanese Navy submarine makes a port call in the Philippines, the first in fifteen years, in a show of growing military cooperation amid tension triggered by China's growing assertiveness in the South China Sea. It was escorted into the former U.S. Naval Base at Subic Bay by two Japanese destroyers on a tour of Southeast Asia. ](/news/2016/04/3/japan-philippines-relations-a-japanese-navy-submarine-makes-a-port-call-in-the-philippines-the-first-in-fifteen-years-in-a-show-of-grow.md) _Context: China, Philippines_
10. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea: Admiral John Richardson says the United States has seen Chinese activity around Scarborough Shoal, which China seized from the Philippines nearly four years ago, in the northern part of the Spratly archipelago of the South China Sea. An international court ruling on a case brought by the Philippines against China over its South China Sea claims is expected within a month. ](/news/2016/03/17/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-admiral-john-richardson-says-the-united-states-has-seen-chinese-activity-around-scarborough-sho.md) _Context: China, Philippines_
