### [2015-10-21](/news/2015/10/21/index.md)

# Vice President Joe Biden says that he will not be seeking the Democratic Party nomination. 

More from Trail Guide Dec. 11 Ben Carson joins Donald Trump as a threat to leave Republicans behind Dec. 10 Donald Trump backs out of his Israel trip Dec. 9 Some U.S. mayors want Donald Trump to stay out of their cities Dec. 8 Hillary Clinton looks to tie GOP candidates to Trump&apos;s rhetoric about...


### Source:

1. [Los Angeles Times'' blog](http://www.latimes.com/nation/politics/trailguide/la-na-trailguide-10212015-htmlstory.html)
2. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/biden-decides-against-a-2016-presidential-bid/2015/10/19/bfb58df8-7089-11e5-8248-98e0f5a2e830_story.html)

### Related:

1. [A declassified U.S. intelligence report claims that Vladimir Putin ordered a campaign to influence the U.S. presidential election against Democratic Party candidate Hillary Clinton. ](/news/2017/01/6/a-declassified-u-s-intelligence-report-claims-that-vladimir-putin-ordered-a-campaign-to-influence-the-u-s-presidential-election-against-de.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic_
2. [United States presidential election and general elections, 2016Although he lost the popular vote, Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for the 2016 presidential election, becomes the president-elect of the United States after defeating Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee in the electoral college. It is the fifth time in United States history where the winning candidate lost the popular vote, the last such defeat occurring in 2000.The Republican Party retains control of the House and Senate. ](/news/2016/11/9/united-states-presidential-election-and-general-elections-2016palthough-he-lost-the-popular-vote-donald-trump-the-republican-nominee-for.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic_
3. [The Obama administration formally accuses the Russian government of cyber attacks against the U.S. Democratic Party in influencing presidential election. ](/news/2016/10/7/the-obama-administration-formally-accuses-the-russian-government-of-cyber-attacks-against-the-u-s-democratic-party-in-influencing-president.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic_
4. [Democratic Senator Tim Kaine, and the Governor of Indiana Mike Pence hold the first and only vice-presidential debate of the 2016 presidential election at Longwood University in Farmville, Virginia. ](/news/2016/10/4/democratic-senator-tim-kaine-and-the-governor-of-indiana-mike-pence-hold-the-first-and-only-vice-presidential-debate-of-the-2016-presidenti.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic_
5. [Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton and Republican Party nominee Donald Trump hold the first presidential debate of the 2016 presidential election at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York. ](/news/2016/09/26/democratic-party-nominee-hillary-clinton-and-republican-party-nominee-donald-trump-hold-the-first-presidential-debate-of-the-2016-presidenti.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic_
6. [The Commission on Presidential Debates officially announces the invitation of Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton, and GOP nominee Donald Trump, to the first presidential debate at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York, on September 26. However, third party candidates, Gary Johnson and Jill Stein, have not met the criteria, and will not be participants in the debate. ](/news/2016/09/16/the-commission-on-presidential-debates-officially-announces-the-invitation-of-democratic-party-nominee-hillary-clinton-and-gop-nominee-dona.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic_
7. [Hillary Clinton's doctor says she is being treated for pneumonia and dehydration after the Democratic Party presidential candidate fell ill and abruptly left a ceremony in New York City honoring the 15th anniversary of the September 11 attacks. ](/news/2016/09/11/hillary-clinton-s-doctor-says-she-is-being-treated-for-pneumonia-and-dehydration-after-the-democratic-party-presidential-candidate-fell-ill.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic_
8. [Democratic presidential election nominee Hillary Clinton accuses Russian intelligence services of being behind recent hacks into Democratic National Committee computers, while also accusing Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump of supporting Russian President Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2016/07/31/democratic-presidential-election-nominee-hillary-clinton-accuses-russian-intelligence-services-of-being-behind-recent-hacks-into-democratic.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic_
9. [Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders endorses Democratic Party rival Hillary Clinton for president at a rally in New Hampshire, effectively suspending his presidential campaign. ](/news/2016/07/12/vermont-senator-bernie-sanders-endorses-democratic-party-rival-hillary-clinton-for-president-at-a-rally-in-new-hampshire-effectively-suspen.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic_
10. [Voters go to the polls in six states, including California and New Jersey, with Hillary Clinton gaining enough delegates to become the presumptive nominee of the Democratic Party. She will be the first woman nominee by a major party to run for President of the United States. ](/news/2016/06/7/voters-go-to-the-polls-in-six-states-including-california-and-new-jersey-with-hillary-clinton-gaining-enough-delegates-to-become-the-presu.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic_
