### [2015-10-21](/news/2015/10/21/index.md)

# Wikileaks releases U.S. Central Intelligence Agency director John O. Brennan's personal information after the top spy's personal email account was allegedly hacked by a 13-year-old and information sent to Wikileaks. All of the documents predate Brennan's time in the Obama administration and reveal no classified data. Among the information released are Social Security numbers, an incomplete questionnaire for security clearance, and addresses of his family and associates. 

The CIA condemns Wikileaks over publication of documents from a private email account of director John Brennan.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-34597060)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2015/10/21/politics/john-brennan-hacked-cia-director/)

### Related:

1. [WikiLeaks releases thousands of documents that it claims provides details of surveillance software used by the United States Central Intelligence Agency. ](/news/2017/03/7/wikileaks-releases-thousands-of-documents-that-it-claims-provides-details-of-surveillance-software-used-by-the-united-states-central-intelli.md) _Context: CIA, U.S., WikiLeaks_
2. [The Kremlin arrests four people, Kaspersky Lab's Ruslan Stoyanov, and three officials in the Federal Security Service (FSB previously KGB) Center for Information Security, reportedly on treason charges for passing information to America's CIA. ](/news/2017/01/31/the-kremlin-arrests-four-people-kaspersky-lab-s-ruslan-stoyanov-and-three-officials-in-the-federal-security-service-fsb-previously-kgb-c.md) _Context: CIA, U.S._
3. [ The University of California, Berkeley alerts 80,000 people of a cyber-attack on a system that stores Social Security and bank account numbers. There is no evidence the hacker(s) took any personal information. ](/news/2016/02/26/the-university-of-california-berkeley-alerts-80-000-people-of-a-cyber-attack-on-a-system-that-stores-social-security-and-bank-account-numb.md) _Context: Social Security, hackers_
4. [United States Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson says the Obama administration will announce a new terror alert system "in the coming days," that will better inform the public about threats to the United States. This will be the third terror alert system put in place since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks. ](/news/2015/12/7/united-states-homeland-security-secretary-jeh-johnson-says-the-obama-administration-will-announce-a-new-terror-alert-system-in-the-coming-d.md) _Context: Obama-era, U.S._
5. [The United States State Department formally denies Calgary-based TransCanada Corporation's request, made Monday, to pause the review of the proposed Keystone XL oil pipeline. "Reuters" states this is expected to lead to the project's rejection by the Obama administration. ](/news/2015/11/4/the-united-states-state-department-formally-denies-calgary-based-transcanada-corporation-s-request-made-monday-to-pause-the-review-of-the.md) _Context: Obama-era, U.S._
6. [London police end their three-year long, round-the-clock guard outside the Ecuadorian Embassy waiting to arrest WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. Officers have been stationed at this embassy since June 2012. Police said the operation cost 11.1 million pounds (17.6 million dollars) through April 2015. Assange is wanted for jumping bail in England and sexual assault allegations in Sweden. Assange denies the Swedish charges and suspects the real reason is to bring him to the U.S. ](/news/2015/10/12/london-police-end-their-three-year-long-round-the-clock-guard-outside-the-ecuadorian-embassy-waiting-to-arrest-wikileaks-founder-julian-ass.md) _Context: U.S., WikiLeaks_
7. [Defense lawyers say the United States continues to block the release of 116 pages of the lawyers' notes detailing the torture that Guantanimo Bay prisoner Abu Zubaydah says he experienced in CIA custody. Zubaydah has yet to be charged with any crime despite being held since 2002. ](/news/2015/09/11/defense-lawyers-say-the-united-states-continues-to-block-the-release-of-116-pages-of-the-lawyers-notes-detailing-the-torture-that-guantanim.md) _Context: CIA, U.S._
8. [The United States Office of Personnel Management closes down its system for employee background checks following the theft of millions of records in a computer hacking incident suspected to be conducted by Chinese hackers. ](/news/2015/06/29/the-united-states-office-of-personnel-management-closes-down-its-system-for-employee-background-checks-following-the-theft-of-millions-of-re.md) _Context: U.S., hackers_
9. [The President of France Francois Hollande warns that France "will not tolerate" acts that threaten its security following claims by Wikileaks that the United States spied on him and his two predecessors Nicolas Sarkozy and Jacques Chirac between 2006 and 2012. ](/news/2015/06/24/the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-warns-that-france-will-not-tolerate-acts-that-threaten-its-security-following-claims-by-wikilea.md) _Context: U.S., WikiLeaks_
10. [Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) Director John O. Brennan announces plans for a major restructuring and reorganization, including a focus on digital espionage (through the creation of the CIA Directorate of Digital Innovation). The plan will end some longstanding divisions, and create ten new centers that team analysts with operators, fostering collaboration and focus on a range of new security issues and threats, and replacing geographic division offices with hybrid mission centers modeled on the CIA Counterterrorism Center. ](/news/2015/03/6/central-intelligence-agency-cia-director-john-o-brennan-announces-plans-for-a-major-restructuring-and-reorganization-including-a-focus-o.md) _Context: CIA, John Brennan_
