
Formats: [HTML](/news/2007/05/26/hamas-militants-are-considering-lighter-ceasefire-terms-offered-by-fatah-specifically-palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-they-are-giving.html)  [JSON](/news/2007/05/26/hamas-militants-are-considering-lighter-ceasefire-terms-offered-by-fatah-specifically-palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-they-are-giving.json)  [XML](/news/2007/05/26/hamas-militants-are-considering-lighter-ceasefire-terms-offered-by-fatah-specifically-palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-they-are-giving.xml)  

### [2007-05-26](/news/2007/05/26/index.md)

##### Hamas
#  Hamas militants are considering lighter ceasefire terms offered by Fatah, specifically Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas. They are giving Israel until May 27 to respond to this agreement, that would only end Israeli operations in the Gaza Strip. Hamas has said, however, that they are not completely committed to their offer. Israeli attack helicopters launch missile strikes on a various facilities, including a security facility near Palestinian Prime Minister Haniyeh's home. At least three people are injured by the air strikes. 




### Sources:

1. [Reuters via ABC News Online](http://www.abc.net.au/news/newsitems/200705/s1934132.htm)
2. [Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/newsOne/idUSL1731780720070526)
3. [Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/newsOne/idUSL1731780720070526?)
3. [Cover Image](https://s3.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20070526&t=2&i=862887&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=862887)

### Changes:

1. [ 2007 Israel-Gaza conflict: Hamas militants are considering lighter ceasefire terms offered by Fatah, specifically Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas. They are giving Israel until May 27 to respond to this agreement, that would only end Israeli operations in the Gaza Strip. Hamas has said, however, that they are not completely committed to their offer. Israeli attack helicopters launch missile strikes on a various facilities, including a security facility near Palestinian Prime Minister Haniyeh's home. At least three people are injured by the air strikes. ](/news/2007/05/26/2007-israel-gaza-conflict-p-hamas-militants-are-considering-lighter-ceasefire-terms-offered-by-fatah-specifically-palestinian-president-ma.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:17 (First version)_
2. [ 2007 Israel-Gaza conflict:: Hamas militants are considering lighter ceasefire terms offered by Fatah, specifically Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas. They are giving Israel until May 27 to respond to this agreement, that would only end Israeli operations in the Gaza Strip. Hamas has said, however, that they are not completely committed to their offer.: Israeli attack helicopters launch missile strikes on a various facilities, including a security facility near Palestinian Prime Minister Haniyeh's home. At least three people are injured by the air strikes. ](/news/2007/05/26/2007-israel-gaza-conflict-hamas-militants-are-considering-lighter-ceasefire-terms-offered-by-fatah-specifically-palestinian-president-ma.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:17 (Update)_
2. [ Hamas militants are considering lighter ceasefire terms offered by Fatah, specifically Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas. They are giving Israel until May 27 to respond to this agreement, that would only end Israeli operations in the Gaza Strip. Hamas has said, however, that they are not completely committed to their offer. Israeli attack helicopters launch missile strikes on a various facilities, including a security facility near Palestinian Prime Minister Haniyeh's home. At least three people are injured by the air strikes. ](/news/2007/05/26/hamas-militants-are-considering-lighter-ceasefire-terms-offered-by-fatah-specifically-palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-they-are-giving.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [Palestinian National Authority President Mahmoud Abbas says that general elections in September would be canceled if Hamas refused to allow voting in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2011/02/17/palestinian-national-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-says-that-general-elections-in-september-would-be-canceled-if-hamas-refused-to-allow.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority, Palestinian Authority President_
2. [ Masked gunmen kill an officer of an elite force loyal to the President of PNA Mahmoud Abbas in a dawn raid on a Gaza training camp as tensions worsen between Hamas and Fatah. ](/news/2006/12/17/masked-gunmen-kill-an-officer-of-an-elite-force-loyal-to-the-president-of-pna-mahmoud-abbas-in-a-dawn-raid-on-a-gaza-training-camp-as-tensi.md) _Context: Fatah, Gaza Strip, Hamas, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President_
3. [Palestinian factions, Hamas and Fatah, sign a unity deal in Cairo, that is also publicly supported by the governments of Egypt and Saudi Arabia. The Fatah-controlled Palestinian National Authority (PNA), along with Israel, currently govern the West Bank. According to the signatories of the deal, the PNA will take administrative control of the Gaza Strip, and, along with Hamas, police its borders. The signatories consider the agreement a first step, and, if productive, plan to meet next month to address the remaining issues. The government of Israel opposes any involvement by Hamas in a Palestinian government. ](/news/2017/10/12/palestinian-factions-hamas-and-fatah-sign-a-unity-deal-in-cairo-that-is-also-publicly-supported-by-the-governments-of-egypt-and-saudi-ara.md) _Context: Fatah, Gaza Strip, Hamas, Palestinian Authority_
4. [Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian National Authority, accepts the resignation of Prime Minister Rami Hamdallah who had offered his resignation on Thursday. ](/news/2013/06/23/mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-accepts-the-resignation-of-prime-minister-rami-hamdallah-who-had-offered.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority, Palestinian Authority President, Prime Minister_
5. [Salam Fayyad resigns as Prime Minister of the Palestinian National Authority following an ongoing dispute with the President Mahmoud Abbas. ](/news/2013/04/13/salam-fayyad-resigns-as-prime-minister-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-following-an-ongoing-dispute-with-the-president-mahmoud-abbas.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority, Palestinian Authority President, Prime Minister_
