### [2005-06-13](/news/2005/06/13/index.md)

#  In Canada, after 5 days of non-stop rain, the city of Calgary, AB is under its first local state of emergency. The Elbow River has risen to an extreme high and the town of Bragg Creek, just west of the city, is totally evacuated. This would be the first of 3 waves of major flooding.




### Related:

1. [ In Canada, the rain died down and the state of emergency came to an end. With one evening of pounding rain, hail and cold temperatures, the Elbow River spilled over the dam for the first time. Again the low-lying areas of Calgary, AB were evacuated, the town of Bragg Creek, the towns of High River and Okotoks, and the small town of Sundre were all evacuated.](/news/2005/06/18/in-canada-the-rain-died-down-and-the-state-of-emergency-came-to-an-end-with-one-evening-of-pounding-rain-hail-and-cold-temperatures-the.md) _Context: Bragg Creek, Calgary, AB, Canadian, Elbow River_
2. [ In Canada, after 2 straight days of rain, the city of Calgary, AB is under another state of emergency ands now the Elbow River is now flowing steadily over the Glenmore Dam. The towns of Bragg Creek, High River, Sundre, Okotoks, Drumheller, and Cochrane have to be evacuated. The low lying area of Calgary also have to be evacuated. This wave of floods is the last of the floods and the damage of the floods is almost incalculable.](/news/2005/06/21/in-canada-after-2-straight-days-of-rain-the-city-of-calgary-ab-is-under-another-state-of-emergency-ands-now-the-elbow-river-is-now-flowi.md) _Context: Bragg Creek, Calgary, AB, Canadian_
3. [American pipeline operator Williams Partners has agreed to sell an olefins plant in Louisiana to Canadian chemical company Nova Chemicals for $2.1 billion. ](/news/2017/04/17/american-pipeline-operator-williams-partners-has-agreed-to-sell-an-olefins-plant-in-louisiana-to-canadian-chemical-company-nova-chemicals-fo.md) _Context: Canadian_
4. [Scientists announce the finding of microfossils up to almost 4.3 billion years old, within rocks from the Hudson Bay shoreline in northern Quebec, Canada, that may represent the oldest-known evidence of life on Earth. ](/news/2017/03/1/scientists-announce-the-finding-of-microfossils-up-to-almost-4-3-billion-years-old-within-rocks-from-the-hudson-bay-shoreline-in-northern-q.md) _Context: Canadian_
5. [A herd of Plains bison are successfully reintroduced to the Banff National Park in Alberta, Canada, more than 100 years after they were nearly hunted out of existence. ](/news/2017/02/6/a-herd-of-plains-bison-are-successfully-reintroduced-to-the-banff-national-park-in-alberta-canada-more-than-100-years-after-they-were-near.md) _Context: Canadian_
6. [The protestors in the area of the Dakota Access Pipeline are evicted, clearing the way for the oil pipeline through Canada and the United States to be built. ](/news/2017/02/23/the-protestors-in-the-area-of-the-dakota-access-pipeline-are-evicted-clearing-the-way-for-the-oil-pipeline-through-canada-and-the-united-st.md) _Context: Canadian_
7. [The immigration website of Canada crashes due to overflow, coinciding with the election in the United States. ](/news/2016/11/9/the-immigration-website-of-canada-crashes-due-to-overflow-coinciding-with-the-election-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: Canadian_
8. [A Canadian pilot is killed when his CF-18 fighter jet crashes near an army facility in Cold Lake, Alberta. ](/news/2016/11/28/a-canadian-pilot-is-killed-when-his-cf-18-fighter-jet-crashes-near-an-army-facility-in-cold-lake-alberta.md) _Context: Canadian_
9. [Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and EU officials sign the Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA). ](/news/2016/10/30/canadian-prime-minister-justin-trudeau-and-eu-officials-sign-the-comprehensive-economic-and-trade-agreement-ceta.md) _Context: Canadian_
10. [Iran releases Canadian-Iranian sociocultural anthropologist Homa Hoodfar, who had been held since June, as the countries begin talks on restoration of diplomatic ties. ](/news/2016/09/26/iran-releases-canadian-iranian-sociocultural-anthropologist-homa-hoodfar-who-had-been-held-since-june-as-the-countries-begin-talks-on-rest.md) _Context: Canadian_
