### [2005-02-17](/news/2005/02/17/index.md)

#  The government of Sudan rejects the United Nations' demand that the suspects of war crimes in the violence ridden western Sudanese region of Darfur would be put before the International Criminal Court in The Hague. 




### Source:

1. [AllAfrica](http://allafrica.com/stories/200502170883.html)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/4275011.stm)
3. [Reuters Alertnet](http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/IRIN/f6acb7f9487d225a47714f14e61a1d59.htm)

### Related:

1. [ France presents a draft resolution to vote at the United Nations. It would give war crime cases in Darfur region of Sudan to the International Criminal Court in the Hague. US resists the idea. ](/news/2005/03/24/france-presents-a-draft-resolution-to-vote-at-the-united-nations-it-would-give-war-crime-cases-in-darfur-region-of-sudan-to-the-internatio.md) _Context: Darfur, International Criminal Court, Sudan, The Hague, United Nations, war crime_
2. [Two Sudanese, Abdallah Banda Abakaer Nourain and Saleh Mohammed Jerbo Jamus, surrender to the International Criminal Court in The Hague to be charged on Thursday with "murder", "intentionally directing attacks against peacekeeping personnel" and "stealing property" in relation to a 2007 attack on African Union peacekeepers in Darfur, which killed 12. ](/news/2010/06/16/two-sudanese-abdallah-banda-abakaer-nourain-and-saleh-mohammed-jerbo-jamus-surrender-to-the-international-criminal-court-in-the-hague-to-b.md) _Context: Darfur, International Criminal Court, Sudan, The Hague_
3. [Many international leaders stay away from the inauguration of Omar al-Bashir, wanted by the International Criminal Court for war crimes in Darfur, as he is sworn in as President of Sudan but at least five African presidents attend the event along with two UN representatives. ](/news/2010/05/27/many-international-leaders-stay-away-from-the-inauguration-of-omar-al-bashir-wanted-by-the-international-criminal-court-for-war-crimes-in-d.md) _Context: Darfur conflict, International Criminal Court, Sudan, United Nations_
4. [ Luis Moreno-Ocampo, the Prosecutor for the International Criminal Court, accuses Sudanese president Omar al-Bashir of genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes in Darfur. ](/news/2008/07/14/luis-moreno-ocampo-the-prosecutor-for-the-international-criminal-court-accuses-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-of-genocide-crimes-agai.md) _Context: Darfur, International Criminal Court, Sudan, war crime_
5. [ The International Criminal Court issues arrest warrants for Sudanese humanitarian affairs minister Ahmed Haroun and Janjaweed leader Ali Kushayb on charges of war crimes committed during the Darfur conflict. ](/news/2007/05/2/the-international-criminal-court-issues-arrest-warrants-for-sudanese-humanitarian-affairs-minister-ahmed-haroun-and-janjaweed-leader-ali-ku.md) _Context: Darfur conflict, International Criminal Court, Sudan, war crime_
6. [ Darfur conflict: The United Nations Security Council votes unanimously to initiate the process which would lead to a UN peacekeeping force relieving the beleaguered African Union peacekeepers in the war-torn Darfur region of Sudan. The Government of Sudan opposes the move. ](/news/2006/05/16/darfur-conflict-the-united-nations-security-council-votes-unanimously-to-initiate-the-process-which-would-lead-to-a-un-peacekeeping-force.md) _Context: Darfur, Darfur conflict, Sudan, Sudanese cabinet_
7. [ Darfur conflict: The Sudanese government and rebel leaders sign two accords that include a no-fly zone over Darfur, disarming Janjaweed militia and informing the location of forces to cease-fire monitors. United Nations officials arrive to investigate claims of genocide. ](/news/2004/11/8/darfur-conflict-the-sudanese-government-and-rebel-leaders-sign-two-accords-that-include-a-no-fly-zone-over-darfur-disarming-janjaweed-mil.md) _Context: Darfur, Darfur conflict, Sudan, United Nations_
8. [ Darfur conflict: United Nations officials say Sudanese troops have surrounded two refugee camps in Darfur and are blocking access. The Sudanese military say they were asked to protect refugees and evict imposters. ](/news/2004/11/2/darfur-conflict-united-nations-officials-say-sudanese-troops-have-surrounded-two-refugee-camps-in-darfur-and-are-blocking-access-the-suda.md) _Context: Darfur, Darfur conflict, Sudan, United Nations_
9. [Sudan's Electoral Commission declares that incumbent President of Sudan Omar al-Bashir won re-election with 94.4 per cent of the vote extending his 25 year rule. He has been indicted multiple times by the International Criminal Court for being personally responsible for war crimes committed in Darfur and elsewhere in Sudan. ](/news/2015/04/27/sudan-s-electoral-commission-declares-that-incumbent-president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-won-re-election-with-94-4-per-cent-of-the-vote-extend.md) _Context: Darfur, International Criminal Court, Sudan_
10. [The International Criminal Court issues an arrest warrant for Abdelrahim Mohamed Hussein, Sudan's Defence Minister, on war crimes charges in connection to Darfur. ](/news/2012/03/2/the-international-criminal-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-abdelrahim-mohamed-hussein-sudan-s-defence-minister-on-war-crimes-charges-in.md) _Context: Darfur, International Criminal Court, Sudan_
