### [2014-06-5](/news/2014/06/5/index.md)

# Tuam mass grave:An Irish archbishop claims the Catholic Church has no records on the burial of 796 children in a disused concrete septic tank at a building it runs in Tuam. 

The Archbishop of Tuam in County Galway says the Catholic church has no records about the burial of nearly 800 children in a concrete septic tank at a mother and baby home.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-27710206)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2014/06/04/world/europe/ireland-children-bodies-tuam/)
3. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2014/jun/04/children-galway-mass-graves-ireland-catholic-church)

### Related:

1. [A mass grave is discovered at a former Catholic orphanage in Tuam, Ireland, containing "significant quantities of human remains", all of them children. It is alleged over 800 children died at this orphanage and most were buried in the 1950s. ](/news/2017/03/3/a-mass-grave-is-discovered-at-a-former-catholic-orphanage-in-tuam-ireland-containing-asignificant-quantities-of-human-remainsa-all-of.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland, Tuam_
2. [Catholics in Portugal converge in a shrine in Fatima for a visit by Pope Francis. ](/news/2017/05/12/catholics-in-portugal-converge-in-a-shrine-in-fatima-for-a-visit-by-pope-francis.md) _Context: Catholics_
3. [European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expatriates.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland_
4. [Georgia's visa-free regime, which allows travel to most member states of the European Union, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom, enters into force. ](/news/2017/03/28/georgia-s-visa-free-regime-which-allows-travel-to-most-member-states-of-the-european-union-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-ki.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland_
5. [The European Union formally grants Georgian citizens visa-free travel to its member states, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom. The signed documents will be published on March 8, and officially enter into force on March 28. ](/news/2017/03/1/the-european-union-formally-grants-georgian-citizens-visa-free-travel-to-its-member-states-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-kin.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland_
6. [The Catholic Church announces that cremated remains must be kept in consecrated land, rather than scattered about or kept at home. The Church first permitted cremation in 1963, but still strongly favours burial. ](/news/2016/10/25/the-catholic-church-announces-that-cremated-remains-must-be-kept-in-consecrated-land-rather-than-scattered-about-or-kept-at-home-the-churc.md) _Context: Catholics_
7. [United Airlines Flight 880 makes an emergency landing at Shannon Airport in the Republic of Ireland due to "severe and unexpected turbulence". At least 12 people are hospitalized. ](/news/2016/08/31/united-airlines-flight-880-makes-an-emergency-landing-at-shannon-airport-in-the-republic-of-ireland-due-to-severe-and-unexpected-turbulence.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland_
8. [The European Union orders Apple to pay up to 13 billion euros in back taxes to Ireland. A three-year investigation by the EU's competition commissioner concludes that Apple received "illegal state aid" from Ireland, the EU order that Apple pay 13 billion euros ($14.5 billion), and, in addition, also interest and unpaid taxes. ](/news/2016/08/30/the-european-union-orders-apple-to-pay-up-to-13-billion-euros-in-back-taxes-to-ireland-a-three-year-investigation-by-the-eu-s-competition-c.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland_
9. [AMC Theatres is purchasing  London-based Odeon & UCI Cinemas Group in a deal valued at about PS921 million  ($1.21 billion). AMC   has 385 theaters with 5,380 screens, most in the United States.  Odeon & UCI  has  242 theaters and 2,236 screens in the U.K. and Ireland.  AMC noted its $1.1 billion (PS835 million) acquisition of  Columbus, Georgia's Carmike Cinemas (276 thrs/2,954 scrs) is still in the works. ](/news/2016/07/12/amc-theatres-is-purchasing-london-based-odeon-uci-cinemas-group-in-a-deal-valued-at-about-aps921-million-1-21-billion-amc-has-385-t.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland_
10. [The Vatican suspends PricewaterhouseCoopers'  audit of its finances over questions whether  proper procedures were followed when the December 2015 contract, reportedly worth $3 million, was enacted. Analysts say this move   exposes the rift between the church's old guard  and supporters of financial reform, and raises questions about the Catholic Church's commitment to cleaning up its finances. ](/news/2016/04/21/the-vatican-suspends-pricewaterhousecoopers-audit-of-its-finances-over-questions-whether-proper-procedures-were-followed-when-the-decembe.md) _Context: Catholics_
