### [2003-05-22](/news/2003/05/22/index.md)

#  2003 occupation of Iraq: The United Nations Security Council votes to lift its sanctions on Iraq and to give the United States and United Kingdom control over the country indefinitely until a democratic government is formed.




### Related:

1. [Iraq's government gives Turkey 48 hours to withdraw its forces from northern Iraq or face "all available options", including recourse to the UN Security Council. ](/news/2015/12/6/iraq-s-government-gives-turkey-48-hours-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-northern-iraq-or-face-all-available-options-including-recourse-to-the.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations Security Council_
2. [ Foreign Minister of Iran Manouchehr Mottaki confirms that Iran will attend a conference on Iraq featuring Iraq's neighbours and the permanent members of the United Nations Security Council. ](/news/2007/03/7/foreign-minister-of-iran-manouchehr-mottaki-confirms-that-iran-will-attend-a-conference-on-iraq-featuring-iraq-s-neighbours-and-the-permane.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations Security Council_
3. [ The United Nations Security Council unanimously passes a resolution that extends the mandate of the United States-led multinational force in Iraq until December 31, 2007. The new resolution requires a review of the mandate to begin by June 15, 2007, or sooner if the government of Iraq requests it. The government of Iraq can also revoke the mandate before its end if it chooses to do so. ](/news/2006/11/29/the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-passes-a-resolution-that-extends-the-mandate-of-the-united-states-led-multinational-force-i.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations Security Council_
4. [ The United States Army in Iraq announces a $10 million dollar reward for the capture of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, a leader of the terrorist organization Ansar al-Islam, blamed for the deaths of unknown numbers of Iraqi citizens and U.S. military during the U.S.-led occupation of Iraq.](/news/2004/02/11/the-united-states-army-in-iraq-announces-a-10-million-dollar-reward-for-the-capture-of-abu-musab-al-zarqawi-a-leader-of-the-terrorist-org.md) _Context: Iraq, U.S. presence in Iraq_
5. [ Iraq's Civil Administrator L. Paul Bremer announces that Saddam Hussein was captured by US forces. Saddam was found approximately 15 km south of his home town of Tikrit at 2030 local time on December 13. Hussein was captured without resistance in a so-called "spider-hole" at a farmhouse in the town of ad-Dawr. He is in Coalition custody at an undisclosed location. At a press conference, Bremer presents video of Saddam in custody with a full beard, which is later shown removed. Bremer says that Saddam is in good health and is being "co-operative and talkative". He says that Saddam will "face justice" before an Iraqi court and under Iraqi law. ](/news/2003/12/14/iraq-s-civil-administrator-l-paul-bremer-announces-that-saddam-hussein-was-captured-by-us-forces-saddam-was-found-approximately-15-km-sou.md) _Context: Iraq, U.S. presence in Iraq_
6. [ Occupation of Iraq: The United Nations Security Council discusses a new United States draft resolution on Iraq, which would enhance the United Nations' role in Iraq. Secretary General Kofi Annan states draft did not go in the direction he recommended. A quicker transfer of sovereignty ""may change the dynamics on the ground, in terms of the security situation, and send a message"".](/news/2003/10/2/occupation-of-iraq-the-united-nations-security-council-discusses-a-new-united-states-draft-resolution-on-iraq-which-would-enhance-the-uni.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations Security Council_
7. [ 2003 occupation of Iraq: U.S. concessions to proposals from Russia, the China and Pakistan ensure their support for a United Nations Security Council resolution to provide greater international legitimacy to the occupation force and the Iraq Interim Governing Council. The resolution draft, legitimizing US military and political control over Iraq's political future, was already supported by United Kingdom, Spain, Cameroon, Bulgaria, Angola, Mexico, Chile and Guinea. Russia agrees to act as a mediator to achieve support for the compromise also from Germany and France.](/news/2003/10/15/2003-occupation-of-iraq-u-s-concessions-to-proposals-from-russia-the-china-and-pakistan-ensure-their-support-for-a-united-nations-securi.md) _Context: U.S. presence in Iraq, United Nations Security Council_
8. [ 2003 occupation of Iraq: New draft resolution being circulated at the United Nations aims at getting international aid. The resolution sets a deadline for initial steps, if only for a transitional step, toward restoring Iraqi sovereignty, giving the Iraqi Governing Council until December 15 to develop a timetable for writing a constitution and holding elections. The Bush administration proposes that the United Nations recognize the Iraqi Governing Council as a unit that "will embody the sovereignty" of Iraq until the country returns to self-rule.](/news/2003/10/13/2003-occupation-of-iraq-new-draft-resolution-being-circulated-at-the-united-nations-aims-at-getting-international-aid-the-resolution-sets.md) _Context: Iraq, U.S. presence in Iraq_
9. [ United Nations: World heads of state and government convene at United Nations Headquarters in New York City for the start of the annual General Assembly high-level summit. President of the United States George W. Bush urges the international community to help Iraq rebuild itself into a democracy with the "great power to inspire the Middle East." President Bush states a transformed Middle East would also benefit the entire world "by undermining the ideologies that export violence to other lands." President Bush also calls on the Security Council to adopt new anti-proliferation resolution "calling on all members of the UN to criminalize the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction", enacting strict export controls, and securing all sensitive material.](/news/2003/09/23/united-nations-world-heads-of-state-and-government-convene-at-united-nations-headquarters-in-new-york-city-for-the-start-of-the-annual-gen.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations Security Council_
10. [ Occupation of Iraq: The Associated Press is reporting that troops in Iraq should expect to serve for at least a year according to the commander of United States forces.](/news/2003/08/12/occupation-of-iraq-the-associated-press-is-reporting-that-troops-in-iraq-should-expect-to-serve-for-at-least-a-year-according-to-the-comma.md) _Context: Iraq, U.S. presence in Iraq_
