### [2003-05-22](/news/2003/05/22/index.md)

#  U.S. General Tommy Franks, who commanded American-led forces in the recent conflicts in Afghanistan and Iraq, announces his retirement.




### Related:

1. [ The Bush administration is requesting an additional $80 billion from Congress for Iraq and Afghanistan, bringing the total cost of both operations over $280 billion. ](/news/2005/01/25/the-bush-administration-is-requesting-an-additional-80-billion-from-congress-for-iraq-and-afghanistan-bringing-the-total-cost-of-both-ope.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
2. [ United States Central Command chief Gen. Tommy Franks retires after 36 years in uniform. Newcomer Army Gen. John Abizaid is appointed as his replacement. ](/news/2003/07/7/united-states-central-command-chief-gen-tommy-franks-retires-after-36-years-in-uniform-newcomer-army-gen-john-abizaid-is-appointed-as-hi.md) _Context: General, Tommy Franks_
3. [ Abud Sarhan, a shepherd, sues US Army General Franks and Secretary Rumsfeld following the deaths of 17 family members during the invasion of Iraq](/news/2003/06/13/abud-sarhan-a-shepherd-sues-us-army-general-franks-and-secretary-rumsfeld-following-the-deaths-of-17-family-members-during-the-invasion-o.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Tommy Franks_
4. [ U.S. plan to invade Iraq: White House and Pentagon officials announce that Gen. Tommy Franks presented detailed war plans to President Bush in early September.](/news/2002/09/20/u-s-plan-to-invade-iraq-white-house-and-pentagon-officials-announce-that-gen-tommy-franks-presented-detailed-war-plans-to-president-bush.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Tommy Franks_
5. [At least 11 Afghan civilians are killed and 16 wounded when a NATO helicopter attacked a house where Taliban insurgents had taken shelter in Logar Province, east of Kabul. ](/news/2017/08/30/at-least-11-afghan-civilians-are-killed-and-16-wounded-when-a-nato-helicopter-attacked-a-house-where-taliban-insurgents-had-taken-shelter-in.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
6. [A suicide bomber kills five people at the entrance of a Kabul Bank subsidiary near the Embassy of the United States in Kabul. The Taliban claims their attack targeted soldiers and police withdrawing their salaries. ](/news/2017/08/29/a-suicide-bomber-kills-five-people-at-the-entrance-of-a-kabul-bank-subsidiary-near-the-embassy-of-the-united-states-in-kabul-the-taliban-cl.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
7. [Officials announce that Afghan security forces have retaken Nawa District from the Taliban. ](/news/2017/07/17/officials-announce-that-afghan-security-forces-have-retaken-nawa-district-from-the-taliban.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
8. [Jalaluddin Haqqani, the founder of the Haqqani Network, is reported as having died in 2014. ](/news/2015/07/31/jalaluddin-haqqani-the-founder-of-the-haqqani-network-is-reported-as-having-died-in-2014.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
9. [The Afghan government claims that Taliban leader Mohammad Omar died in April 2013 in Pakistan of natural causes. ](/news/2015/07/29/the-afghan-government-claims-that-taliban-leader-mohammad-omar-died-in-april-2013-in-pakistan-of-natural-causes.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
10. [An independent report reveals that the American Psychological Association was complicit in the participation of its members with the use of torture during the Iraq and Afghan wars, such as in Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo Bay. Many experts suspected that the bizarre torture and humiliation were not "a few bad apples" but meticulously planned techniques. ](/news/2015/07/12/an-independent-report-reveals-that-the-american-psychological-association-was-complicit-in-the-participation-of-its-members-with-the-use-of.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
